5	Wow - what a delightful visit!   The chorizo Biscuits and gravy was awesome,  we all really believe that the buttermilk pancakes were sincerely the BEST we have all ever had.    Read that last sentence again!    No kidding.   Cinnamon role was awesome too.   Service outstanding.    Our server Denise was so fun and warm.    Joe himself you could tell was hovering around ensuring that every single client had an outstanding experience.    Daughter really enjoyed chicken sandwich.    Pretty cool to give such a review when they had been in new building for only 3 days and even blowing circuit breakers (they were pretty busy).    FYI - it is on 7th AVENUE not 7th street!
3	Dolores G and I came here for breakfast before walking the Melrose shops. Upon walking in, I was struck by how outdated this new location looked. I was expecting more of what their last location looked like. After reading some of the yelp tips, I decided on their pancakes. I ordered the short stack (2 pancakes), added 2 eggs, and a side of corn beef hash. Total was $8.50. Very inexpensive. The food was tasty and I was in a food coma after finishing my pancakes. Typical breakfast fare. Service was okay. At first the server was very attentive and then we hadn't seen her for like 15 minutes. Our empty plates were stacked at the edge of the table and we waited awhile while waiting for our checks. Finally I went up to the front and asked if we paid up front. She said we could pay but I still wasn't clear if we were supposed to or not. I think this is a good addition to the Melrose strip. I don't know that I would come back over other breakfast places in the area but I think this is heads and tails over Melrose Kitchen (around the corner) for value and quality of the food.
3	I have 3 stars, my family and I went to the previous location several times before they moved.  This was our first time at the new one.  If I didn't know they had only been here a few weeks it would have been a one star review.  For starters Joe assumed my mother in law was my wife, which started things off a bit awkward, but then it took roughly 30 minutes to get our food.  This was attributed to there being 'half power'.  I ordered the chicken fried steak with the cherizo gravy and when it came out, it was undercooked and the breading was mushy, and they didn't put the cherizo gravy on it.  I sent it back and they were quick about replacing but forgot the cherizo gravy again.  I asked for some on the side and it was watery.  Out sever seemed frustrated as well and I had to ask for simple things several times, silverware, water refill, things that should be monitored by a good server. I will come back to Joes, but not for a while, I will give them a chance to get their footing at this new place before going back.
2	We had very high hopes for the new location. However, things haven't come together just yet. I will give them another chance, in a few weeks to see if things (food) get back to the old ways. I sure hope so!
3	We went to the new location last weekend (in the rain), and I must say, I was a little disappointed. The new location doesn't have the personality that the old one did. It really just feels like any old diner. Also, we sat next to the window and I noticed the window sill was covered in dead bugs....gotta pay attention to details guys, that does not make me want to eat. The food was still fine, nothing too special though. I hope they step up their game in the future.
1	The service was poor we had to ask for refills, and when the server poured it she dripped all over my friends feet then the floor and didn't apologize. My veggie omelet was the only thing hot on my plate, but was dry. The biscuits were so cold and hard the butter didn't even melt. My friends got the biscuits and gravy and his was cold too his 2 eggs over easy were so undercooked that the egg white was still runny and not cooked. Giving them 1 star in hopes that the lunch menu is better than the breakfast. I'm hesitant to even waste time and money to try it.
5	Wow breakfast was fabulous. Eggs were perfectly cooked and love that sausage. But my favorite was the pancakes  so tender and tasty. They also serve a special AZ coffee that is smooth and the refills keep coming !  We must put this on our permanent list for breakfast !
5	Go Joes go! Everything was delicious. I had the pork chops and eggs with potatoes and biscuits and gravy. I love loved the potatoes and the biscuits were amazing and fresh even without the gravy. Oh and the coffee rocks and everyone is super friendly. Great diner. I will be back and bringing friends!
4	Had a ham and Swiss cheeze omelet, breakfast potatoes, and an English muffin for brunch today. Omelet was fluffy, potatoes were nicely seasoned and hot. Portion size was good... I was full when I left. Cheap and filling... Total cost was $10 - with tip. Service was fast and attentive. Decor of the restaurant was somewhat drab, however. Needs more pizazz. Recommend
1	What kind of tricks do you have to do to get a drink refill... She drops my food off at my table, grabs my empty beverage glass and disappears.... I took two bites and left... I'm going somewhere i can have a beverage with my breakfast...
4	The best apple pie in a three mile radius.  Draw a three mile radius, I dares ya.50's-flavored Joe's moved from 16th Street to this new location.  Many people are happy about that.  I like the Arbuckle's Coffee a lot.  Chicken salad croissant, very good.  Cole slaw, outstanding.  Croissant Club, goood.  Sweet Potato Chips, OK.  Re: The Pie.    The slightly crunchy apples mildly flavored with a cinnamony nutmeggy sugar and spicing were swathed in Joe's family recipe crust. Be prepared to spend a little more.  Rents and ingredient prices are up.  It's worth it.
4	Enjoyed my breakfast and the device was excellent. Was honored to actually meet Joe. Happy to have you in the neighborhood.
4	We live just down the street from Joe's and knew nothing of the old location when we finally saw work being done to the old chinese buffet building. And then one morning it was just open and the place was packed with cars! It seems Joe's has some very loyal regulars. Happy to have a breakfast place within walking distance as the weather has gotten nice, we've been to Joe's a handful of times. Service has always been good, the food has always been decent, and the cars are always lined up every weekend. Welcome to the neighborhood, Joe's!
5	A friend suggested we go there for breakfast. I'm so glad she did. Excellent food! Good prices and friendly staff. I chatted with the owners who also work there. Really fine people. I had the vegetable omelet, fresh "farm style?" potato's (nicely seasoned), homemade biscuit which was scrumptious and I chose water to drink. My friend swears awesome good things about the coffee. Consider me a happy regular.
5	They are super busy because their food is great. Had a veggie omelet  and coffee roasted in AZ. This is my Sunday breakfast favorite.
4	Went to Joes this morning! First off after about 3 mins of sitting down i got to meet Joe and shake is hand! He is awesome and was sold on the place after that. I ordered the combo with two eggs, pancakes, sausage and bacon it was great! The wait staff is super courteous and attentive. Will be going back many times to this place!
5	Had the #2 breakfast special. Melt in your mouth pancakes n tje best bacon in central Phoenix. Fast, friendly service too. About 11 bucks with tip. Recommend
3	I never went to the old location, I really hope it was better than this. I went here on a Sunday afternoon and there was more staff the customers. Which is why I was perplexed when it took 5 mins for me just for attention at the counter. I order coffee and a number 2. The food was good but being from the Midwest I don't understand the hype. During my meal I was never asked how was it nor was my coffee refilled. After I was done eating it took another 10 mins for someone ( not my waitress) to clear my plate. It was another 5 mins I had to wave someone down to get my bill. I was given the wrong bill and told the lady its not mine and was promptly asked if I was sure. WTH!? Yes I know what I ate. She just said just pulled up my seat in the computer and that's what is was. I told her what I had and she went and got the correct one. I live in the neighborhood and like having them close by, but I will hold off another visit till the service is better.
2	New Paint doesn't help the food...I really wanted to like this place. It just moved to right near where I live and I was hoping the food got better with the move. I have twice now gone there and ordered a veggie omelette and asked them to add ham to it. Twice now they have just given me a Denver omelette. On top of that the food has no cooked in flavor it is pretty bland despite having all the ingredients that should make it tasty.
5	I could eat here every morning and never get tired of the food. The pancakes are to die for! I've never tasted anything like them. Joe is always in the store and is so much fun to chat with. Support your local business's!!
5	The move may have improved the experience.  Food was like home cooking and service was very good.  Ordered the wrap and it was enough for two meals, very generous on portions.
5	This is quickly becoming my wife and I's favorite breakfast place. Great Bacon and Chorizo gravy. Also, everything seems to have a Joe's Diner twist too it, such as the homemade apple pie and jelly. Good coffee, service and atmosphere as well. We will be back... soon.
2	Sunday 11/24.  Out for a Birthday lunch.  Been to Joes several times at old location, but this was my first time at the new location.  Missed being greeted at the door and having to seat myself.  After sitting for 10 minutes without one person acknowledging the fact that we were there was very disturbing.  Mind you there was 4 waitresses on, only 4 other tables in the place and two of the staff were doing their side work on the booths on each side of us. Sooo after waiting for 10 minutes I finally went up to the front register, I think it was "Joe" who appoligized and promptly came over and took our drink order.  BTW, we still have no menues.  When he came back to the table he did have menues in hand.  Not even 20 seconds later, one of the waitresses who had been doing the sidework around us but failed to acknowledge us came and asked if we were ready to order.  Ugh No, we just got our menues.  Once our order was placed we thought we were in the clear until another waitress came over with a Ice Tea picture full of sugar and sat it on our table while grabbing the sugar dispenser and proceeded to fill it at our table without saying one word to us, then walked away. "AMAZING" not to mention rude.  Of course when the food came everything was wonderful as always.  When we received our Bill, I proceeded to the Restroom while my Friend went to pay the bill.  To my surprise when I came out, he was still standing at the register.  I waited another 5 minutes, so now were talking almost 10 minutes at the register while two staff members are sitting at the counter eating.  I actually called their phone and a waitress came from the back with broom in hand and I told her I'm at the front waiting to pay.  Joe also appeared from a side room and asked the waitress what was wrong, and she told him that we have had a horrible experience since we arrived, "JOE" I presume, groaned and walked away.  The waitress did comp our Beverages without asking because she felt bad, but then to top it all off, she said we should come back when they are bussier, their much better then.  Not sure if I'll give it another try!!
4	You can eat breakfast for breakfast. You can eat breakfast for lunch. You can eat breakfast in between and call it brunch. Regardless of when you eat it, I would suggest you eat it at Joe's diner!  They may have moved locations, but you still can't beat their breakfast sandwich!I have never had anything that I could say was bad at Joe's.  I once said that I could close my eyes and point at the menu and end up with something yummy.  I am still pretty sure that holds true.Portions are large and probably not the healthiest but if you are going to splurge on breakfast, you might as well have one of their fabulous buttermilk pancakes, or biscuits and gravy (which you can have with spicy chorizo if you choose), or one of their combos, or that breakfast sandwich that I literally dream of...  like I said close your eyes and point.  You won't be disappointed.
4	Service was quick, friendly and efficient as breakfast/lunch places should be. They did not disappoint in that aspect. I ordered the scramble, meat lovers and it was more than enough for one person! I probably could have split it with someone; I did end up taking half home. Mine was a little dry so I asked for a side of sour cream. My sister ordered two eggs, potatoes and toast-hers was a little greasy for her liking so she soaked up some of the grease with napkins. Jason ordered the chorizo omelet, very tasty!  Good flavor. One nice touch, the owner came around to every table and made people feel welcome and asked how their meals were.
5	The pancakes are nice and fluffy!!! Love them.!! Plenty of good to fill you up. My son likes the croissant sandwich and biscuits & gravy. Great people; Great place!!
4	My friend and I had breakfast here recently. I had pancakes and sausage. He had a Denver omelet. Service was fast and our coffee was regularly topped off. It's the kind of place you feel comfortable hanging out and chatting even after your meal is done. It was good diner fare food in a welcoming environment. There was a little jar of jam on the table and at first I was excited that it might be blackberry (but it wasn't), but it was still good. I felt very welcome and cozy here.
5	The best pancakes I've ever had ... the cinnamon rolls are pretty killer to ...
3	Eh. Stopped in hoping for a great breakfast experience. Eh. I was disappointed. Menu is a regular diner breakfast menu standard fare. Service was fairly speedy but my food was cold.  Try it you might enjoy it more than I did.
1	It's too bad we weren't able to experience Joes since we'd been there for 10 minutes and no one even said hello to us let alone bother to take our order. never again. They are clearly understaffed.
5	Fabulous!!!!!! Fresh good food!!!!!!! Best Corned Beef Hash!!!!!! Great service! Friendly staff!!!!!!! I just do  not know what these people are talking about. I live in the neighborhood and love this place.
5	OK  I have lived here in the valley for about 10 years,  been on a search to find 'real' made from scratch sausage gravy and have finally found it!  great sausage gravy actually sausage/bacon gravy is fantastic BEST IN THE VALLEY !  Great Service super friendly staff....JOE even came over introduced himself and was very appreciative we were eating at his Diner.  I had the corned beef hash cook perfect and 3 eggs, biscuit and gravy  great meal.  I/We will return many many times  this is my breakfast spot now!  I hear the pancake are fantastic cant wait to go back.
5	I love this place.  I love having a dinner breakfast and this restaurant serves up the whole atmosphere of a quality dinner.  Super friendly staff.  My favorite thing was the biscuits.  Those things were so delicious I could have spent $20 just eating them.  The food was served hot and fast. All at a reasonable price.My one negative is their menus isn't as quite as expansive as I was expecting.  I do have to say the fact that my only complaint is their selection really speaks to the fact that I really enjoyed the restaurant.  I look forward to my next visit and highly recommend it to anyone in the area
2	Bad coffee.  No excuse for breakfast place.  Weak and not hot.  Food was just okay and very pricey.
5	The croissant breakfast is hands down my favorite. Great coffee and service. Love this place! My wife's favorite is the chorizo burrito.
4	Good but not great. Chicken fried steak was a food supplier patty but the sausage gravy was home made and very tasty. Potatoes were under cooked but eggs were perfect. A $14 breakfast. They need to step it up and prepare everything fresh or take it off the menu. Going back to try the pancakes.
2	We have met the owner a few times on our visits...nice guy but i just cant suggest this place. yes, the chorizo gravy and biscuits is delicious and the prices are good, but i have gotten sick as well as some of the sloooooowest service on multiple occasions. avoid.
4	I love pancakes but really hate trying to make them at home.  With Joe's just a short bike ride up the road from me I'm probably going to forgo ever attempting on my own again. The pancakes are so good and even better as part of the #2 menu item.  Two pancakes, bacon, sausage and eggs prepped your way. It's a big tasty meal!  My friend ordered the biscuits and gravy and said he really liked them.  I think I've just discovered I really do not like country gravy. On the other hand, I really like turkey gravy on anything.
4	Real Men Don't Eat Quiche.(1)  So fine, I'll just turn in my man card for a month.  Only served on Saturdays and the ingredients change according to availability.  This generous portion of quiche in bacon spinach form was enjoyed by 3 of the 6 people at our table.  It came with a bowl of diced melons.  Not to say it is the only good thing to eat here as everything ordered at the table disappeared quickly from our plates.  Including a shared stack of pancakes of which I had one.  But the quiche alone is enough reason to get there on a Saturday.This was my first time at the new digs.  The small parking lot is saved by having street parking along the canal.  There are more tables here but on this Saturday late morning there was never more than a couple of empty tables at any given time.  With the layout large groups have to be broken up.  Service was spot on.  And the owner was visible in the dining room most of the time helping out where needed.(1)Feirstein 1982)
5	Great food and great service. I miss their old location but the new location has more room. It's great to see Joe and Joe working and talking to all the customers
1	so DISAPPOINTED!!! I was visiting Phoenix from Seattle. I was excited to try Joe's Diner and support a local business. Unfortunately, our waitress got my order incorrect, so I re-ordered. The waitress suggested a subsitution with my original order, which sounded better so I accepted her suggestion. She then brought me the wrong food, AGAIN!! I didn't want to cause a scence, plus I was hungry and my friend had already finished eating.  I tried to eat the item she brought out but I couldn't because it has an ingredient she said it wouldn't come with. Needless to say, I asked for my orignal item. Finally, my "breakfast burrito" arrived... I was happy and about to start eating when  gentleman approached our table. He said to me, "The next time you come to our resturant , can you please read the menu".  I WAS SHOCKED!!! I couldn't believe one of the employees was saying this to me. I tired to explain there was a miscommunication between myself and the waitress. I was trying to be diplomatic about the situation and did not want to say she got my order wrong TWICE. This person continued to say (all smug and righteous) "please read the menu the next time you come in because I've never had a customer return two meals before". At that point, I asked the gentleman if he was the manager/owner and he said he was. I then told him, I've never experienced something like this before. I then told him I was shocked that we were having this conversation. I told him, his approach was making me feel like I did something wrong. He wasn't listening. He continued to smile and smuggly say "all I ask is that you read the menu" ... he then said "this waitress has worked for me for 16 years and she has never made a mistake". At that point the table next to us said, "She got our order wrong too!"... I really hope that Joe's Diner reads this and that gentleman thinks about how he approached the situation. I totally understand if an employer wants to stick up for thier employees (I applaude that) but when the "manager/owner" attacks the customer without understanding the situation, well, I had to post this review. I hope the Melrose area gets more restaurants in the area... I would love to support them. ... I'm so sad that this experience has left a nasty taste in my mouth for Joe's Diner.One last note... not only did I receive the incorrect meal 3 times, I paid the bill for the food my friend ate and the final breakfast burrito. The waitress seemed scared of this gentleman. I don't know what was going on with her that morning, that caused the mistakes.I left  her a $2 tip. I'm not a jerk.. I worked in restaurant business for many years. As those of us who have worked in that industry know when you are dealing with a "bad" customer AND we know when we are being "bad' customers... no way was I being difficult. As I'm typing this review up, I'm still shocked with my experience at this diner :(
4	I had noticed this place a few times at it's old location and thought it was in an odd location. I drove by the current location and didn't realize it was the same restaurant until I looked it up online. The location is a much better one than the old one however they still have quite a bit to work on if they are going to make it over the long term. The Owner/Manager was waiting on tables and there seemed to be no managing of the restaurant. People were waiting to be seated or to cash out and no one seemed to be in charge just who ever was free. They seemed to have enough help, just poorly managed. The workers were all friendly and once we were seated we received prompt service. I noticed the Biscuits and Chorizo gravy and decided on the "Number 1" as they were included. My partner chose the Chicken Fried Steak which was covered with Sausage Gravy. The Chorizo Gravy had an ok flavor but the Sausage Gravy was much better. I was told that you could choose either and I would go with the Sausage if I ordered them again. Also, I thought the Chicken Fried Steak was a much better value as it came with Homefries, eggs and a biscuit for just a bit more. I noticed some other reviewers commented that the Ice Tea was not great. I ordered it knowing this and I agree. It was very weak and had an off taste. The Coffee was very good though. I understand the menu is limited (as are the hours) but maybe they will work through their Management issues and can expand both their hours and menu as I would love to see them make it and they have most of the parts to make a successful go. I will certainly be back as the Country Fried Steak was very tasty and overall it is a good value. I suggest giving it a try and read your fellow Yelper's tips as many were spot on.
5	We love Joe's for breakfast and lunch. Great service and terrific food. Very kid friendly which is a plus. The new location is spacious and nicely decorated. The pancakes are the best---love the syrup!!!  Keep up the great work Joe and staff. We'll see you soon.
3	Overall it's a pretty nice place. Good food and very nice people. It's a very positive environment and family friendly. I would give it a higher rating...but I can't get past the coffee. It seems a bit watered down. I really enjoy coffee with breakfast so it's hard for me to get around.Otherwise, good food and good people. Much attention is paid to the customer and they do care that people leave satisfied. For lunch I would especially recommend their burgers. Very tasty.
1	Seemingly decent looking place,  we wanted to try given it's proximity to our home....will not return!  Sub par food, mediocre service, not a great value for the buck, and possible the worst restroom on 7th Ave, disgusting!
2	When we first walked in we didn't know whether to wait to be seated or seat ourselves, being our first time there, so we just stood there.  We waited long enough to consider leaving and going somewhere else.  There were under 10 people in the restaurant and no one was up front to greet us.  Finally one of the employee's told us, from the back of the restaurant, that we could just sit anywhere we wanted.  We were given a high chair that had to be wiped off first before we could even use it.  The server wasn't very friendly, my husband asked how she was doing and she said nothing then said, "what would you like to drink?"  We both ordered the number 2--- two bacon, two sausage, two eggs and either home fries or two pancakes - we got the pancakes. We got our eggs scrambled with cheddar cheese added.  The star of the breakfast was for sure the bacon (nice and crispy) and the pancakes.  The eggs and sausage were good, but they were nothing to write home about,  just the everyday eggs and sausage.  For the little one, I got a scrambled egg and some buttered white toast.  The toast was nice and thick, perfectly toasted.  The cost for all three of us to eat with a $5.00 tip was around $32.00, not too bad and the food was good and the portions were  big, especially the pancakes.The inside was a bit drab.  Considering it was a diner, I expected a more upbeat 1950's vibe with bright colors and some music, it did not deliver and the bathrooms were kinda scary and had a bad odor to them. They have been at this location for about 6 months now and I would like to recommend a sign for when customers first come in that says "seat yourself" to avoid confusion on what to do, spruce things up a bit to look more like a diner and work on de-funking those bathrooms! Overall, it was just o.k. I don't know if it left enough of an impression for us to think of when we are looking for somewhere to eat.
1	I'd enjoyed Joe's Diner in its old location and was feeling good about checking it out in its newer, more convenient spot. Huge portions, good food, good service, what's not to like?After I'd waited a while at the "please wait to be seated" sign, a server called out that she'd get to me in a minute, then went off to take the order of a large table. Okay, maybe they'd been waiting a while, and if you don't get that in to the kitchen, things bog down. Then another server came over and asked which of us in the foyer was first. "Me," I said. The father with two kids behind me said: "She is."The server then looked right past me, picked up three menus, and went to seat the party behind me, the same party that was clearly puzzled and embarrassed to be seated first when they'd said it was my turn.My strong suspicion, since I'm very tall and had gone for retro-glam in high-heeled mules and a large hat, was that the staff jumped to the erroneous conclusion that I was either a drag queen or transgender. That's an excellent reason for me to not spend money there: I live in a queer-friendly neighborhood because I like those values (whether I need them to apply to me or not) and there are plenty of places I'm more comfortable supporting.
4	We tried this place for breakfast this past weekend because we had heard about it from several people.  It was pretty good.  We only had to wait five minutes for a table on a Sunday morning, which was not bad at all. The service was great the entire time. Always had our water and coffee glasses full.  The food was just okay.  We had their Eggs Benedict, I was not a fan of the ham, but the rest was pretty good. Their breakfast burrito was alright, just too many potatoes, which made it really dry. Their biscuits were delicious, but the chorizo gravy was just okay.
4	Excellent food. Cooked my eggs correctly the FIRST time. Pancakes...awesome. Biscuits with Chorizo Gravy...awesome. Prices were fair. Would like to see a few more options but hey, that they have is working. Service was excellent. Both waitress in duty this morning were very nice and pleasant but not over the top. You have to try this place.
5	We love having this place in our hood. The owners are super sweet and recognize you as a regular on your second visit. The food is standard diner fare and super filling. The Arbuckles Coffee is outstanding, and I like that they serve RC instead of the "top two". When you eat here, you're supporting a local, indie mom & pop restaurant and investing in your community. I'll take that over a chain any day of the week. A wonderful addition to the M7 community and this diner enriches the CenPho neighborhood in more ways than I can write.  Now, if we could only convince them to go 24 hours, I'd be in hog heaven!
4	A Master Chef and food historian brought me to Joe's Diner. I've been coming back ever since. The decor is classic American diner but the food and coffee is a cut above. $10 sandwiches are done perfectly. The coffee is Arbuckles Ariosa cowboy coffee. The waitress was very nice. Nice little mid town jem in the Melrose District
5	Joes Diner may have lost a some of the ambience it had at the 16th street location,  they  definitely needed more room.  However, they did not lose any quality in their food.I love, love, love the homemade apple butter.  My eggs are always done perfectly the way I like them and the coffee is really quite good.  My niece loves their pancakes and bacon.This is my go to place for breakfast.  I have tried others but I always come back to Joes.  Give it a try-they are very reasonably priced .
4	Best pancakes, sorry Matt's big Breakfast, it's true.  Good breakfast choices, local ingredients and Melrose Small Business makes it a hit.  They have Cholula & a special California, chili only sauce that is very tasty.  I only recommend they add Chilaquiles to the menu because I am selfish and I love Chilaquies or Southwestern style Migas. Give this place a shot, the new location on 7th Ave. makes it a bit more convenient and the food is good.
1	First time here, for breakfast.... Was thinking to find something else besides IHOP & Denny's ..... Obviously this place need to call Robert Irvine! Smell old , look old , oily everything you touch .... I have a chance to try anyway because of " good yelp reviews" MISTAKE!!!! Server was sooooo rude, she needs to be "trained" of customer service speak abilities ..... I bet they did not see much nice dressed up people. Ok, food.... Home made potatoes were good, omelet sooooo plain! Do they have at least black pepper? Ok, 1 star for potato....
4	Perfect!  Great breakfast! No complaints!Pretty busy morning, but the staff kept us full and happy! I enjoyed my corn beef and hash with eggs...something you don't find on the menu at all restaurants. The only complaint I had was the d-bag behind me...who complained about everything in his life. Having D-bags for customers is no fault of the restaurant so no dedctuctions of points there.
2	I really wanted to like this place because I have a soft spot for diners and dives (not so much drive ins). And this place has the traditional diner set up on the inside located in an area of town (the Melrose) that I'm really rooting for to turn into something truly special (it's already pretty cool). But, I just didn't like the food. I ordered the breakfast sandwich which was eggs, sausage and cheese on a croissant. The croissant was ehhh ok. The eggs/sausage/cheese was greasy and not very flavorful. It came with a side of potatoes which were also pretty m'eh. I'll give this one another shot at some point.
1	I just turned 47 years old and I'm a fat chick not just a little bit of a fat chick...a fat fat chick and for me to walk away from the table and leave a sausage patty and 2 bacon sitting on the plate with one bite taken out of the bacon and had to spit that ut into a napkin has to tell you how unbelievably a****** this breakfast was this morning so awful I am dumbfounded at this point. The meat was rancid it has gone bad probably a day or two ago and they had pre cooked it and you can taste it being sour and rancid. Like I said be worse breakfast ever in my life.
5	This is a fantastic place to go for a spectacular breakfast. The food is outstanding and the portions very generous. The owner Joe and his wife welcome people in and say goodbye as they leave. This is worth the drive.
4	Joe's Diner is delicious with wonderful people. I love the All-American vibe, and I appreciate the friendly, down-to-earth staff. The only downside for the diner is THEY DON'T SERVE hash browns.
2	Okay I used to love this place when they were located on 16th street, so what happened?  The new "diner" looks more like a closed down Asian restaurant than diner.  When they moved locations they lost the diner atmosphere and luster.  Not only that but the food isn't the same, seems that maybe some recipes have changed.  I work at a restaurant, over by the old location, and used to tell people, who wanted breakfast, to go to joes and enjoy some awesome biscuits and gravy.  Sad to say I can no longer refer people over there.
1	Awful experience, immediately seated which was probably the best part of the experience.  Waitress took our order, but never actually placed it. Waited 45min for our food, owner didn't seem to care, never got one apology. Super disappointed will never return.
4	We had a great breakfast here. I am glad to have them in the neighborhood. I am really sorry that it has such bad reviews below mine. But we met Joe and I am sure that he has taken these reviews seriously and will fix whatever the problems were that caused these negative reviews. The coffee was great. The meal was very good. The food fresh. The service was good. The only reason I didn't give five stars is I feel I want to go back time and time again to be sure of it's five star rating.
3	This is pretty much a no-frills place. I guess at one time the theme of the '50's diner' was unexplored, but here we are in 2014, well past that point. The food was meh, too. Bacon was kind of flavorless and not worth the calories. Biscuit was kind of salty tasting. The pancakes were very good, though, and I'd go back and order them alone.
4	If a simple but perfect breakfast is what you crave, this is the spot! There's no pork belly on the menu but what there is is great homestyle vittles! The coffee is great and they keep filling it up and never try to rush ya out! I am a regular weekend customer and even during the rush you feel like the only table there. And how often does that happen these days?? You can get a pancake instead of toast!  AWESOME And as a pancake snob I endorse these 100&
1	Go to Joe's Diner if you want good food because they've got it. Especially breakfast, which is excellent. Everything I've tried at this place (and their original 16th St. location) has been great. It's not cuisine, it's diner food and it's done right.On the other hand, if you also value good service with your delicious chow, forget this place. On previous visits, the service has often been spotty, but it's easy to cut them some slack because the food's good and, after all, it's a diner. This morning I spent an hour and ten minutes sitting at Joe's counter, with only about 20 minutes devoted to actual eating. And I never got a second cup of coffee.After the folks sitting next to me -- who came in after I did -- received their food, I flagged down another employee to inquire. Apparently, the server failed to give my order to the kitchen. Eventually, my breakfast bowl arrived, hot, delicious and, maybe even worth the wait. The server mumbled an apology for its lateness but had to be asked to provide me with utensils. About that coffee: The personable young woman who took my order was careful to explain that they were out of their special cups for decaf drinkers, so I should watch out in case someone tried to give me a refill with regular. Indeed, the VERY SAME SERVER came back to me later with regular coffee and tried to put it in my cup. As instructed, I stopped her and said I was drinking decaf. My cup remained empty and that was the last I saw of my server. And this was the last time I'll visit Joe's. Great eats just aren't worth the aggravation of being ignored.
5	So I had an extra early am appt before work and was done quickly. Consequently I was way early for work and wanted to stop and have a sit down breakfast. Of course I turn to yelp since I was in an unfamiliar area. It's hard to find a good old fashioned diner instead of coffee joints these days. The first place I stopped was a coffee joint...*strike* the counter guy was nice but that'll be another review lol. Next I found Joe's Diner. I walked in about 0645 and there were about 4 other diners seated. It smelled slightly musty probably because they just mopped so I can't complain about that. It's nice and clean inside. The smell didn't last at all and wasn't overbearing The server was very friendly.  I received a menu, items are very well priced ($ as posted on yelp) I decided on the corn beef hash because it came with 3 eggs and 1 biscuit and gravy. When the food came I received the eggs and b&g but got a slice of ham instead of the corn beef hash. She was apologetic and took and replaced it. She left the biscuit and gravy so could start with that, which I might say was *awesome!* I asked for the chorizo gravy, and so should you :-) then the eggs and corn beef hash came and I almost passed out out was so good! I only wish I lived closer to this place so I could come here more often!!!
2	I am not sure how breakfast is, but the lunch is horrible. I had the meatball sub, the Monday special. Subway has a better meatball sub.Service was acceptable.
5	So yummy! Wait staff are all super friendly. The chicken fried steak was bomb, the gravy was delicious! Definitely try the chorizo biscuits and gravy as well ! For sure my favorite place for breakfast!
5	Breakfast was very good. Fast friendly service.  Good help with menu recommendations.  Food was out in a flash, yet the eggs were obviously cooked fresh and my request for over easy was cooked properly. As an ol country boy from TN, I have made the search for decent biscuits and gravy in Arizona a personal mission of over 7 years now.  These were good contenders. The gravy is primo.  The biscuits were good but not quite as outstanding as the gravy.  An extra minute or 2 too long in the oven can make a great biscuit reduce to good by making the bottom a little tough instead just firm.  Therfore, 95% of each biscuit was actually great as well. Coffee was also excellent. I drink it black and I don't love $tarburnts.  If you like old school black coffee with coffee in your coffee, then Joe's has that ebony nectar your grandparents loved.  I will be coming back.
3	Well we decided to try this place since it's close to home..The menu is your standard diner food but I was pleasantly surprised to see the Monte cristo sandwich (haven't had one in years)..We were greeted and seated promptly by a friendly girl of about 17.Our waitress arrived quickly and took our drink order then brought our drinks and took our food order.The food arrived quickly and the waitress(Alina according to the receipt) brought our ranch dressing and strawberry jam we requested.Unfortunately that was the last we saw of her. Another waitress asked if my daughter wanted more ice tea.We ended up having to ask another waitress for our check.Right before we stood up to leave someone finally asked if I'd like more coffee.It was a little to late..The food was okay but way over priced for what you get. I've attached the bill.
1	This used to be our go-to Saturday morning breakfast joint.  We were regular diners almost every Saturday for over a year. The food was good and the service was fast. The service was not always the friendliest but that just depended upon who served you.  There was one particular server that was always quite unfriendly (we later discovered that this unfriendly server was one of the owners - Joe's wife) but everyone else was friendly and efficient.One Saturday morning it all changed.  My husband ordered his usual sausage and eggs, eggs over-medium.  When the server asked how our meal was he was honest and said that it wasn't as good as it usually was.  The eggs were a little under-cooked.  The server told one of the owners (Joe's wife) that we were unhappy with our food and my husband repeated that it was okay but the eggs just were a little under-cooked and that it was unusual for us to have food we didn't like (since we had been eating there almost every Saturday for over a year).  The owner's response was atrocious!She said the eggs are cooked exactly the way they are supposed to be and suggested that we should read the menu so we know how to order correctly.  My husband patiently explained to her that he always orders his eggs the same way and usually the food tastes great so he thought maybe there was a new cook. She didn't want to hear any of it.  She never even apologized!  She was extremely rude and maintained that he just didn't know how to order his food correctly.  I couldn't believe she was so rude to customers, especially regular ones. But she is so oblivious that she didn't even recognize that we had set foot in her restaurant before.We will NEVER eat here again. We refuse to support a business with such rude ownership.
5	Great food, coffee, AND service! Every time I visit Phoenix I just have to visit Joe's Diner. I just love this place! The potatoes, pancakes and coffee are superb!! Yummy!
5	Simply the best. Can't find better service or breakfast in the valley. Always a pleasure to dine here. Yes, it is a basic simple breakfast but it taste like quality at half the price. This is one spot where the whole family can eat out and not break the bank. I'm stuffed and full with money still in my pockets. I highly recommend if you like fresh, warm pancakes you will love Joe's. Trust the true pancake critic.
1	We have now given Joe's three chances, and three strikes and you're out. My wife and I ordered and the waitress was not very pleasant. I requested poached eggs on top of sourdough toast and received boiled eggs in a bowl and they were so done you could call them hard boiled. My wife ordered her eggs over easy and they to were cooked to death. We were afraid to send them back and get who knows what cooked into our order. Joe came out after our complaint and seemed very put out. We were not charged for the meal but were given a check for $8 for three drinks.
4	We went to Joe's Diner after Denny's was packed. I recommend this cute local place. The service was pretty good, yummy food, no wait.
1	I'm kind of bummed about this place. My friend who brought me had nothing but good things to say until now. We walked in and waited 5 minutes to be seated, which is fine.. But then a group comes in after us and gets seated. We get seated and for 20 minutes are ignored by the staff. Finally we decide to leave to another place. I asked to speak with the manager and waited 5 mins before I decide I needed to eat. Sucks too because so many people say the food is great.
5	Best biscuits & gravy I've had in a long time! Joe is very personable,  I love the fact the he & his wife take the time to walk around and talk to everyone. Definitely going back for lunch and dinner.
1	A coffee joint down the street recommended  this place. And since I love the coffee joint, I thought that this must be good. WRONG! We were right by the door, cashiers area & had the worst service! The food was blah!! I will NOT return.
4	Finishing breakfast we're discussing the fine orange juice, excellent wheat toast, and breakfast potatoes.   We like a meal here. The veggie omelette is also very good.   Loaded with cheese,  sqash, onions, tomatoes and peppers. Oatmeal serving is large and creamy.  A good start for the long day ahead.
