4	The owner is very professional and helpful, had an issue with a rep that came to my home and gave me the shaft because it wouldn't make them enough money and be worth it. Received a call from the owner who apologized and offered to do the job right away.
5	Our experience from the minute we walked in the store was great.  Very professional and helpful staff.  Paula was wonderful to work with and helped with the colors and design that we needed to stay within our HOA requirements.  The installation was one of the most painless experiences we have ever had.  They showed up when they were suppose to ( early) with  a phone call ahead, quick installation, easy instructions after and it looks beautiful!!! Thank you.
5	We have used First Impression twice, once for a courtyard gate and the other for a security door.  We were very impressed both times with their professionalism and commitment to service.  They do what they say they will do when they say they will do it. Excellent quality, we are extremely happy with both doors and they look beautiful!!
5	Our security screen door was installed yesterday and it is absolutely beautiful!!!  The installer was very professional, friendly, and most importantly did his job perfectly.  We are very happy with First Impression Security Doors.  This is actually the second door we had installed by them.  Thank you for making such a quality product!
5	My wife and I were thinking about replacing our wood front door with an iron one for some time when we stumbled across First Impressions. they had a good variety of options and displayed the level of service and professionalism we like in a business.  We immediately pulled the trigger and had our new front door installed a few weeks later. the door had a couple of scratches in an obvious location. It took a couple of visits to completely remove the obvious scratches and we couldn't be happier with our new door. They told us if we weren't happy with the repair, that they would replace the door. A few weeks later, we purchased a matching courtyard gate and are just as happy with the product, service and installation. Good company!
