5	Convenient location and great service for purchasing Korean food.
2	We checked this store out after we got back from Japan. We wanted to find some specific ingredients.  The proprietor was downright rude to us and unpleasant, as if she did not want us in the store since we were not regular customers.  Maybe she was just in a terrible mood or something, but we will never go back,
1	I am easygoing and generally do not give negative ratings (see my rating distribution!) BUT this is an exception. The owner is extremely rude during my few visits to their shop. They did not greet, nor did they say anything when we pay them. He treated me as if I owed them money! Incredible that the business can sustain for so many years. I stopped going to this place after the unpleasant experience. If you want to shop for Korean food, go to Park St. If you're looking for general pan-Asian selection, there are many better places in town.
1	I haven't even been inside Lee's Oriental, but I already know I don't want to shop there. I had a negative experience with the owner this afternoon. I was a customer in the shop next door to Lee's, and the shop door was propped open to let the beautiful breeze in. After a few minutes, however, it began to smell of cigarette smoke, as if someone was standing in the room smoking. I stepped outside, and it turned out the owner of Lee's was smoking just outside the door. I kindly asked him if he would move farther away from the door so his smoke wouldn't waft in. He was quite rude and refused to move. (Someone confirmed to me that this man was one of the owners of Lee's.)
1	The only reason I go to this shop is to get the noodle snacks, the one that does not require boiling/cooking. It's BBQ flavored and you can eat it right off the bag. Why? It's the only place in town that carries them. The moment I find out that other shops have them, I will stop going back. Why? I don't feel absolutely welcome in the shop in any way. I was not greeted when I enter, fine, maybe the owner didn't see me or he was busy. I was not greeted when I check out either. Now this is unusual here, maybe he's just quiet. I could also overlook the fact that I wasn't offered a bag for my groceries. But when I thanked the owner when he handed me my change, he did not respond either. That is unfriendly and even rude. Throughout my entire visit he did not say a single thing to me. Like other reviews said, the food they carry can be easily found in other asian marts or korean marts conveniently located around town. You have many other better options that will make your experience many times more pleasant.
