5	I went to Tipton Orthodontics in preparation for a major jaw surgery. The surgery consisted of cutting through the top and bottom jaw and slipping the top jaw forward while sliding the bottom jaw back. The Tipton team were very nice and friendly and made sure I was ready to go by the time the surgery came around. Thanks Tipton Orthodontics!-Stephanie Lauk
5	My wife had a broken retainer that she needed to get repaired ASAP.  Of all the orthodontists and dentists, Tipton was open and, most importantly, around the corner.  They got her in and out within minutes and will have a replacement retainer for her. They also took a look at me and they cost a LOT less than other orthodontists I have looked at for the procedure(s) to correct my underbite.Outside of that, the office staff were very friendly and professional.  The slushes were excellent (Mix sour apple and tiger blood if you get the chance).  The loft is definitely the place to go if you want to relax and watch TV.
5	Since day one from meeting and being so welcomed by Cheryl for a consultation, to getting to know the dental assistants and becoming friends with them over time, to always receiving the professionalism and help every time I call from Alice......... a little over two years later and NONE of the great things I have just mentioned have changed! If anything, everyone at Dr. Tiptons Ortho offices (Tempe/Gilbert) seem more of my friends now than just people I see at a Doctor visit. :DAfter 1.5 years of having orthodontic treatment, I had my braces taken off (I was told two years) and couldn't be happier with my smile! I highly recommend if you are looking for professional treatment for yourself or your children, you will be more than happy you chose Dr. Tipton Orthodontics. Throughout the time of having my orthodontic treatment I had lost multiple retainers (my irresponsibility of course and they joke around with me all the time about it, haha) and would have to get them replaced. Hence the fact that I often travel for work (2/3 of the year), they were able to schedule me in on the fly almost every time! Which I was so appreciative of. Another thing I was very appreciative of, was the fact that I had to reschedule quite a few times throughout the two years I've been visiting Dr. Tipton and they are very good at accommodating.Dr. Tipton has a great orthodontic practice and he is an absolute master and professional in his field. I did extensive research (Dr. Tipton and 2-3 others) before I began my orthodontic treatment, met for a consultation, just as I did with the others, and by far I definitely knew what direction to take.
