5	excellent customer service and conveniently located.
5	Great customer service. You're in and out in a flash. Those guys know what they're doing! Adam's real nice, we've been going there for years and he always remembers who we are.Pretty convenient if you're running errands. There's the 99cents store, Wal-mart, Starbucks, chase, b of a, restaurants and more all within the same area.
5	This is the best run UPS store I've ever been in. Adam is so friendly and helpful. I've been coming here 4 years and even though it's farther than from the nearest UPS store from where I live by 15 minutes, I wouldn't switch to a closer location.
5	I've been dropping off packages and shipping from here for years now.  If one thing they are, they are consistent.  The same guy has been working here for a long while now and he is fast, efficient and professional!The store is clean, they have everything that you need here, whether it be fax, UPS, FedEx, USPS.  There is a mailbox store closer to my work down the street, but the pick up times at this UPS store make for way faster shipping.
1	I called this location today looking for pricing information for mailboxes and a gal had answered the phone... She sounded quite flustered and said "I am with a customer so if you call back in 5 mins or stop in the store I can give you information then" one thing that you NEVER do is make any customer feel as though they are not as important as the customer that they are currently helping. I called the location on Tropicana and found better results and will be taking my business there.Scratching this location off my list.
5	I love this location! The employees are always friendly and they make it easy to ship out UPS boxes. You'll pay a little bit more for shipping from a store, but you can also drop off pre-postaged boxes. The employees will also box up and tape your stuff for you (for a fee). They sell lots of different size boxes too. Easy and breezy, and an all-around good shipping store.
1	Specified that I was shipping an item for Easter that needed to get there prior to Sunday. I was told they could ship it for Friday delivery and I verified again that it was important to get there prior to Easter. I was again assured of the Friday delivery. Well it is Saturday and because it was not moved from the store in time it was delayed and I am told they won't ship Saturday unless a Saturday shipment is specified.So the package was sent late and no effort was made to make up that fact to ensure timely delivery. I will never use UPS again!
1	Update: Once the baskets were finally delivered 3 days later than specified, my niece and nephew were greeted with a basket of completely melted candy. Even though they refused to deliver on a Saturday it did not stop them from keeping it on the truck over the weekend. Not so happy easter!
