5	I went to the Orpheum Theater last week (to hear Barack Obama speak).  This place is amazing!The venue is so beautiful!  I would love to go back to see a theater production .  It would be a great place to get dressed up and have a classy, romantic evening with a "significant other".I'm not sure quite how to describe the style... kind of a Spanish Renaissance... the place is immaculate.  Go check it out!
5	Uh, Oh, Oh, Woke up today, feeling the way I always do.. Uh, Oh, Oh.. Last night was the first time I've been to the Orpheum (Hairspray, 5 stars!).. what a fantastic theatre! Classic architecture.. very good sound quality and of course comfy seats. All ushers were extremely friendly and helpful unlike some theatre in Tempe were the snotty ASU students, well..This theatre is SO Phoenix!  It fits right in with the current scene downtown..taking the old and making it new again! A class act (no pun intended, uhg)!
5	I LOVE this venue! I had been dying to see something here for years, and finally we saw Regina Spektor last fall. The tickets were a little pricey but they were more than worth it. All I can honestly say is that her performance changed my life. I don't know if it was the beautiful venue, her powerful voice, or the perfect ambiance, but something left an impression on me. You know, like the feeling you get after watching a really deep movie. I highly recommend seeing anything here.
5	Wow, so nice and shiny inside.  Went to see The Swell Season here and they sang a couple of songs off mike and their voices carried very well through the entire theater.   Acoustically speaking, quite an accomplishment. No security guards, just little old lady's showing you to your seat, so I guess you could bum rush the stage and start a mosh pit if you really felt the need too.I'll check the schedule and see what they have playing soon and then get a dressed up and act adult like for the evening ---for a change.Bad news, they they had only two bars with one server each for the whole event.
4	What a wonderful building inside and out, a little difficult for some handicaps but manageable.We had season tickets here as well as several other venues around town.  Most of the productions were pretty good and enjoyable. Some of the shows particularly one person shows the sound was not too good and hard to hear all that was going on. We did give up our tickets for a couple of reasons, one being the seats are just too close together, another was the folks sitting in front of us and to the right would never shut up and the guy behind me would fall asleep about fifteen minutes in and start snarking and snorting. Why do these folks waste the money and enjoyment of others acting like this? But the building remains a gem.
5	I've always wanted to see inside the Orpheum Theatre. Have always liked the look of the outside and had heard it was beautiful inside but never got to see it for myself.Until this week. Caught the Lindsey Buckingham show on the 18th (great show....severely underrated guitarist and performer) and I have to say I was blown away by the theatre.As soon as I walked into the theatre I am 99% sure I said, "Wow!" out loud.Absolutely beautiful. It's got a very European feel to it....you feel like you're sitting outside in an Italian plaza. Lots and lots of art deco pieces to look at before the show. Kept finding something new to gawk at and marvel over.Make sure you look up at the ceiling to see the 'clouds' roll by before the show.It has totally kept the charm of the old theatre it used to be. You can just imagine all the history that's taken place there.And make sure if you go to check out the "peacock" stairwell. And make sure you look up.I'm so glad I finally got to see a show there. Will be looking forward to seeing something there again soon...I hope.Another true gem of the Phoenix area.
5	Caught Louis CK here last night... Beautiful theater... absolutely stunning. It was clean, the staff was really nice, and parking was a breeze. The sound was great, the seats were comfy, and I can't really find anything to complain about. Truly one of the most gorgeous theaters I've seen - down to every detail - it's my new favorite... I love it. L.O.V.E.If you twisted my arm and forced me to complain - well, in the lobby where they were serving drinks, the line got a little excessive. It wasn't so bad really - but I tried both of the wine they were selling and I kinda hated them. This is more of a bit of advice for you to booze it up before you get there than it is a complaint. I can't recommend this place enough.
5	This place sure is a breath taking theatre in the heart of Phoenix. The restored original paintings on the wall, uncovered by chance, look as amazingly glorious as they would have in its day of creation. I have visited this theatre many a times, and have to say that Stomp was my favorite performance as of yet. However, this past sunday 2/8, the Orpheum Theatre out did itself all in the name of Tuaca. The crowd was enourmous, and as it turned out only 1/3 filled to capacity (yikes, my tight standing room leaves no more room for even a shoulder purse, much less 2/3 more people) however the service was outstanding. They served butler style chicken kieve, caprese bruschetta and roast beef dumplings (forgot the name lol, but they were pretty fancy, schmancy and delicious!). The bar served nothing but Tuaca, an italian liquor that tastes of vanilla and spices, but thankfully it tasted great with everything! I especially liked the Tuaca and cranberry juice and the Tuaca and ginger ale....YUMMY! Since it was Robi's birthday, her and i had a shot of the stuff too and it wasn't half bad. Definitely didn't have a hang over, and with the amount i had, gotta wonder why lol. The body art show was very entertaining. There were dancers, an aerialist, a violinist and body art. The aerialist was amazing and very exquisite, gracefuly light and capivating.  The butterfly costumes had me at the first flutter, I was smiling the entire time. It kinda felt like I  was in vegas there were such sexy, and some barely there costumes. The stage was very  well used and the lighting was consistent with the aubiance and theme at all times, the music, at times exhilerating, was in tune with the body art, and performances. I'm not sure if this was  travelling crew, but hands off to them and the house for a yelpingly grand time! I felt like a rockstar, the entire house was so happy and helpful, not a bitter soul in site-Gotta love it!  We also found rock star free parking, it doesn't get any better than this, except of course if i ride the train in next time....ooh i see another visit in my near future.
5	We went to our first show at the Orpheum Theatre last night.I thought the theater was absolutely beautiful. I loved the intricate architecture. It felt old but stately. It's got tons of character and I found myself taking pictures everywhere. The sound was wonderful as well.  We saw Jake Shimabukuro, ukulele virtuoso, there. It was a perfect venue for him. So beautiful, stately, quiet with great acoustics. It really highlighted his performance.I found out it was built from 1927-1929 in Spanish Midieval and Baroque styles. After a while, it was turned into a movie theater and remained that for years and years. They painted the murals and moldings black during the movie era. In the late 80s they started a renovation on it which was completed in 1997. They brought back much of the original design (moldings, murals, etc.)Now it's just wonderful. Anytime I see something interesting playing there, the theatre itself will definitely add to the draw. Can't wait to head back!
5	This Theatre is BEAUTIFUL! I came to this theatre for a slient movie night. It did not disappoint. The movies that were chosen were great and really made you appreciate how movies started. The fact that this event happen here made it that much better. The staff was just sweet and so friendly. They were also helpful with fun facts on the theatre. The decor is just breathtaking. Its truly a piece of history that I hope more people will come to enjoy.
5	Why can't more shows be played here?!  This place is awesome!I love the atmosphere of this place, the building is fantastic, and the acoustics are great.  The only complaint I have is that the only beer they offer is pretty much the same fodder you will find at a local sporting event.  The Light Rail makes it incredibly easier to get to as well.  In general, every event I have been to here, from concerts to plays, has been great.  I always jump for joy when a band I really want to see comes to the Orpheum, as I know that I will not be disappointed.
5	Its an amazing building! It is what a theatre should look like. Its a beautiful victorian design!
5	I've been here for several events, most recently Madame Butterfly, but also some plays and saw Regina Spektor.  Every time I go, I get a little thrill of excitement, knowing that I'll be in such a historic and regal enviornment.I've never had a bad seat, and even waiting for the show to begin, you can enjoy just looking at the amazing details in this building.If you can, they do a lunchtime tour of the theater, I highly recommend it.    You learn a whole new level of appreciation for the building, and you can impress your friends next time you go there for a show.
4	GREAT BUILDING, what theaters should look like inside and out.  i saw sharon jones and the dap kings there, (which were awesome BTW) and say in the 4th row.  the staff was friendly and everything was very accessible.  i have never been to the ORPHEUM before, but i will look for an excuse to get back.
5	This is quite possibly the greatest place at which I have ever seen a show.  Beautiful old and restored theatre that oozes character and has fantastic acoustics. I hope to see many more shows here in the near future.
5	This is my favorite building in Phoenix and it looks even better after the renovations.  I love watching shows here.  Old time classic elegance.
5	A visual feast for the senses. Make sure to catch a show here soon. One of the few older, unique buildings left here.  Phoenix usually loves to tear down their historic sites and I am so glad they have not. On with the show!
4	I was here last night for the Mosaik ballet.  Gotta love this old, nicely restored theatre.  It's a classic and I enjoy attending performances here every time.
5	Great, old, elegant theatre.  I have such an appreciation and love for architecture, especially when the building has some character, age, grace, and beauty.  This is a prime example of that.  I saw Stomp! here some years back......and a few other shows., and they were all great..... the shows and, of course, the theatre.  Our seats have always been really good.
5	This theater is one of the few remaining historical theaters in Phoenix. One of my favorite Burlesque artists of all time known as May West performed at the Orpheum back in the day.... till this day the entertainment it brings are quite magnificent. Its definitely one of Phoenix's finest gems.
5	Amazing facility. Saw Momix Botanica, it was amazing!  Will visit again and again.  That was my first time there. Many older folks attend. :)
5	Great theater that hearkens back to the olden days when theaters were elaborate in design and a production in and of themselves. Seats, despite being traditional, are comfy. I don't think there's a bad sight line in the house. We were in the 21st row, center and had no view or sound problems.I especially loved that they served coffees and cappuccinos in the lobby.
5	This is an absolutely charming theater. Beautiful architecture, acoustics are amazing and the seats are extremely comfortable. We had the fortune of seeing Legend of Zelda. We had seats 17 rows back but I think you would be hard pressed to find a bad seat. Their customer service is wonderful, they were able to fix a ticket sanfu easily without any hassle. I will certainly keep a lookout on the Orpheums schedule and come back.
5	We saw the Legend of Zelda- Symphony of the Goddesses here. The Orpheum was the perfect venue for this concert, since the charming atmosphere reminded me of some of the scenery from the Legend of Zelda games.  Seats are comfortable, and the rows are elevated enough that you can still get a good view of the stage from farther away.
4	Pretty nice theatre. Great vibes here.
5	Classic, wish more artists played here.
5	I've performed in 20 countries, all 50 states, in theaters and arenas... yet the Orpheum Theatre is by far the most beautiful theater I've ever been in and had the privilege to perform at.  Friendly staff.  Only downside is that it's union run, so when the clock hits midnight they all disappear (except for a couple, thank you guys).
5	I dare you to find a flaw with this theater. It's emaculately stunning. Saw a show here and they opened the doors at 7pm so we could all escape the heat. The show was great and the women's bathroom is huge and clean. Has a couch in the women's room with a chair as well, worked out great for my baby and breast feeding in private. Performed here as well and the dressing rooms are well kept and the stage is lovely, great curtains and space. Would love to return.
4	I have been to many shows at the Orpheum. Let me start by saying that this is a beautiful theatre. It is very old school and has beautiful paintings on the ceiling. The seats are comfortable enough and the layout is such that most seats have a decent view, although the seats towards the front are slightly obstructed by the stage  (the floor isn't slanted as much as some theatres). Anyway, my main complaint with the Orpheum is they don't get enough good shows... there are rarely shows here that I feel that I would like to see. This may not be the venue's fault, but it certainly affects the frequency that I visit this theatre. The last show I saw there was Bring It On the musical (A family member asked me to go with them) and it was not good....at all.... Anyway, If there is a show you are interested in seeing at this venue, I would highly recommend it!
1	SORRY, but it's time for the LOVEFEST to end.Of course this place is beautiful. They spent zillions to make it so. That's not the point. You don't go to a venue to look at the walls. You go for the show.We saw Lewis Black at the Orpheum last night, and all I can do is give honest impressions.When we first walked in, the entire place smelled like a fart. You get used to it, but it doesn't go away.Although the bathroom facility was clean and somewhat spacious, there is ONE MEN'S ROOM & ONE LADIES ROOM, woefully inadequate for the size of the crowd. In fact, unless you have fortunate seating or sprint to the bathroom at the intermission, the line forms so quickly, you risk not making it back to your seat for the main event. We saw several people being ushered to their seats after Lewis Black hit the stage.$7 for a 12oz can (Yes, CAN poured into a plastic cup), of Budweiser is just ridiculous. I understand you pay a premium price for refreshments at entertainment venues, but even the D-Backs, Cardinals, and trendy Scottsdale Night Clubs don't charge that much.We sat in the 14th row of the orchestra section, what would be considered pretty good seats by most people's standards. We probably missed out on 1/3 of what was said due to horrible acoustics. If you know Lewis Black, you know that being able to hear him should never be a problem. Suffice to say, I have perfect hearing, and it wasn't just us. Throughout the show I could hear people asking their companions, "what did he say?" Only to be answered with a shoulder shrug. I don't know if they sound check an empty theatre, or at all for a comedian, and I'd bet things are different for amplified music, but it sure was frustrating struggling to hear one of my favorite comedians.I'm glad the Orpheum is back and enjoying it's run, and things like the restroom situation can obviously never be changed (Gammage is waaaay worse, by the way), but if the sound thing isn't at least tweeked a little, they will only ever be an "ALSO RAN" venue in the Valley.
5	I love seeing history saved. When you look at the architecture of this building it truly takes you back into time. The seats are very comfortable at this theater!
5	this theater is adorable. I wish it was closer to me or I would try and go more often. The seating was a little confusing but we figured it out. The bathroom downstairs is really cute and very clean.
3	Every town has it's own Orpheum, and all of them pretty much look the same. This isn't a bad thing. Like other reviewers have noted it's straight up decadent. Like art deco, Great Gatsby, gold shooting out of the walls decadent. I have seen The Format (when they still existed) here and more recently St. Vincent. The acoustics here are great and...well, I'm going to sound old when I say this but you get to sit down and see music. Sometimes it's just better that way. I like swagging out and bumping up next to all the people that jam into Crescent for the latest hip hop or house craze, but sitting down is just fine, too. They could improve on the drink selection (no tanqueray...WHAT) but that is about it. Nice ushers who know how to tell you where you're going. Cuz it's dark. Very dark.
5	A Must SeeThis theater was perserved as an historic landmark, and once you visit the Orpheum it becomes obvious why. The inside of the Orpheum theater is painted to resemble the outdoors complete with stars in the night sky. The Orpheum has this incredible pipe organ that was used during the 1920's  when the Orpheum presented silent movies.  The theatre is beautiful and represents baroque, roman as well as art deco features.The acoustics are amazing.   I have always enjoyed every musical or theatrical production I have seen at the Orpheum. It is a shame there are so few  regular performances at the Orpheum theater. If you do find an event to attend at this historic landmark, make sure to arrive early to explore the beautiful scenery and architecture.
5	Even is you take in a musical performance at the Orpheus Theatre, a free guided tour is a must for out of town guests. For an hour our guide gave an very informative tour that covered the history, design and cost of the building. From the outside walkways and garden you have sweeping views of Phoenix, AZ.
5	Beautiful masterpiece of contemporary architecture, sponsored by Orpheum Theatre. Worth it, even for visiting the city center, very neat and clean.
4	It is enough nice photograph also, but is those who actually saw was more wonderful. I think that it is building shine in many AZ blue sky throughout the year. Completion is still new in 2003, does not feel that tired still. Building also has elaborate as appearance, and irresistible to love architecture. Rather than just shop There is also often ones assortment, there was also unique thing. But, it was not apparent at all things Orpheum Theatre system. AZ Phil is not yet seen, but it seems sound even if the check.
