5	The portions are tiny, costs me a bundle to fill up here but their food is exceptionally great. Their blackened salman Caesar salad is my top pick.
3	Nordstrom Cafe is good food during a long day of shopping. The food is good and of course you pay for the convenience and location. Frankly, the food and style of dining is very comparable to dining at Paradise Bakery downstairs.
2	Save your money and go to Paradise Bakery in the food court. Same quality of food for 1/2 the price.  I had the turkey cranberry sandwich and the chicken soup. The sandwich was actually quite bland and the soup wasn't much better. For nearly $20 for a soup and sandwich, I was expecting some wow.Just cuz it's Nordies doesn't mean it's quality.
3	Ate lunch there today. My husband and I shared the turkey sandwich and the pecan crusted chicken salad. Both lacked flavor and no oopmh. For the price I was expecting something more gourmet. However, they did guess I was drinking an Arnold Palmer and refill it correctly.
4	I only went there at first following a pretty man, I'm a Starbuck's whore. I like my fancy overpriced drinks.  I accidentally ordered a tall muscular man on a stick...later correcting myself to get a tall soy latte. After he left...I realized that my latte was good..almost...dare I say...as good as Starbucks.  I'm only bias at times because I make coffee or a living.  But when I taste good coffee I admit it.  And they are the only place that sells good vegan cookies...my weakness.  Its on the bottom floor of Nordstrom...and no better place I'd say.  Im having another affair with this place..and I'm liking it. Starbucks...my husband, Dunkin's my pool boy, and Nordstrom...my dirty filthy cougar bait!
4	If you give me a good plate/bowl of pasta and an Arnold Palmer, I'll be your best friend.I love ravioli, and yes, I have had the unfortunate experience of biting into a lovely little packet of goodness and been disgusted, whether it be from the flavor or texture or whatever of the ravioli.My mom and I had a shopping trip one day recently, and I was already happy because I had bought the most beautiful boots. I have had my day ruined by bad food, so whenever I order food, i go safe, and am rarely sorry. This was no different. The wild mushroom ravioli was FANTASTIC. The mushrooms were cooked perfectly, and their high water content wasn't an issue. The cream sauce was so amazing, my mom is sitting behind me talking about it now, weeks later. It was memorable.The service around the dining area was good, and one thing, a tried and true thing, is that if you smile at the waiters, they refill you fast. I only give it 4  stars because of the seating arrangement, it annoyed me. Somewhat crowded and my table was sticky.
4	Hey, veggie friends: they will make any salad for you, sans poultry, and knock a bit off the price, without even being asked. That is pretty darn cool. The staple tomato soup is killer, and comes with a warm piece of garlic bread. The desserts? My god. So tempting. So delicious. The seating isn't bad. It's like a regular restaurant, with nice booths, except you seat yourself after paying first at the cafeteria-style front. A nice man will then hover, refilling your diet Cokes and clearing your plates, and eventually will end your meal with a thank you card and minty chocolates. So nice! Yes, it costs a little more, but it's a hell of a lot better than getting in a ponytail-pulling fistfight over a table in the food court downstairs. Total yum!
4	Wandering into the Cafe after a day's shopping, we were surprised by its excellent selection of food at very reasonable prices.  We settled on a pizza, and it was one of the best we'd eaten in Scottsdale, almost on a par with Grazie's Pizzeria and Wine Bar.  We plan to return to he Cafe soon, even if we don't happen to be shopping.  Give it a try; you'll enjoy it.
4	I had the misfortune of spending way too much money at Nordstrom's today, but I was fortunate enough to have had an excellent sandwich here so it kinda sorta made up for it.  I had the steak and portobello sandwich and it was extremely good.  It was full of sliced steak, mushrooms and cheese.  The bread was a chibatta I think and it went excellent with the sandwich.  It was very very good and I would order it again.  My wife had the Caprice salad and it looked good as well.The place is nice, clean and the staff is very friendly.  However, the place is a gigantic ripoff but it is what you'd expect from a cafe in Nordstrom's.  It was almost $30 for a sandwich, salad and a soda.  I would go back though because the sandwich was that good.  Their other stuff looks good as well.
5	These reviews seem to be a mix of the Cafe and Coffee Bar, my review is specifically for the Coffee Bar.The bar is in front of Nordstrom in the mail and is a rip-off of Starbucks, but a marked improvement. Starbucks coffee/espresso has an acidic and burnt flavor. Nordstrom's coffee is smooth and roasty. This is a popular place, the time from the entering the line and receiving your drink is usually 8-10 minutes.If I'm in any sort of mood for coffee, I can't help but stop.
4	It's pretty good eating here. The salads, soups, entree's and pizza are consistently good and the atmosphere is lovely.Even though they use farmed-raised salmon in their salads and the entree, it is cooked in a way (and with sufficient spices) that it tastes pretty good and isn't fishy. All of the salads are wonderful, and the pizza is pretty darned good. I love their tomato-basil soup and the sandwiches are yummy.Some of the desserts look better than they actually are, but the brownies are rich and wonderful and the cakes are pretty yummy, too. Great place to eat when shopping at Scottsdale Fashion Square. In fact, probably the best place to eat while shopping at Scottsdale Fashion Square!My husband really doesn't like it when I drag him along because he thinks "it's a women's thing"....FYI.
4	When I'm doing retail therapy and hunger strikes on the Nordstrom side of the mall, I will sometimes choose the Cafe as a cuisine option. This isn't the spot I choose to have a leisurely luncheon with friends, but it is a good option to have a real meal in the midst of shopping. I like the tomato soup, the paninis, the chicken club foccacia, the salads and when I'm really feeling naughty, the magic bars! The food is pretty middle of the road for pricing but the food you get is good. They have plenty of seating options so even if it's crowded, I still normally find a sea. The food comes out relatively fast. Sometimes I feel like I'm being pushed in and out by the wait staff, but that's only on rare occasion.
4	I also meant to add that their desserts are heaven for a sugar lover! My favorites include the magic bars, lemon bars and cookies.
4	Delicious food... in a mall?!  Oh yes, it can be done.  Thanks to Nordstrom, I have a consistently good spot to lunch anytime I'm at Fashion Square.  Their little cafe on the 3rd level is actually good enough to make the trip to, even if you have no shopping to do.  Their salads are fresh, with loads of tasty toppings.  My favorites are the cilantro shrimp salad with polenta croutons, Chinese chicken salad, and spicy salmon cesaer salad.  Paired with a cup of their famous tomato-basil soup, and I'm completely satisfied.  Their pastries are quite tasty, and I can rarely pass up a slice of their lemon-coconut cake.  You really should go and get a slice.  Next time you are at Fashion Square, don't miss this perfect lunch spot!**my 100th review!  I think I should go and get a slice of lemon-coconut cake to celebrate!**
3	The other Nordstroms I've been to just have the coffee bar but this is a full blown restaurant.  Its a great place to have a nice peaceful quiet lunch when you are out at the mall.  It is as quick as the food court but without having to deal with the crowds/lines.  Yes, of course the prices are higher than the food court but the food is much better and it is still cheaper than the "sit-down" restaurant options.
4	I love this place...try te\he tomato basil soup and the the every single salad is great!  The food is always fresh and tasty!  i love their paninis and pizza too its awesome!  Everything is good!  Of course, they have all the amazing desserts out for you to see so you cannot pass them up.  My favorite is the lemon bar!  The service is always awesome and its great because you can grab greta food while you shop!
4	Cafe Nordstrom has been saving me from food court doom for years. If you're eating in the mall and you're not eating here, you've made a terrible mistake, my friend. Everything is consistently delicious and well prepared, standouts include the angel hair pasta, shrimp salad, and tuscan salmon. Do yourself a favor and come home without a Panda Express food baby of guilt and sodium and enjoy some fresh cooked awesome instead.
3	There seem to be reviews here for both the Espresso Bar and the Marketplace Cafe. Mine is for the Marketplace Cafe. I had a late lunch here and found a very light crowd at this cafeteria style restaurant. The staff was friendly and attentive and the dining area clean and comfortable. While the food was good and I have no major complaints, I couldn't bring myself to give it the four stars so many other had considering I didn't feel any "wow" factor. For my entree I had the Parmesan Crusted Chicken. The chicken was good, perhaps even a bit too crunchy for my particular taste. My only concern is that I never tasted a hint of Parmesan cheese. The salad also consisted of mixed greens, diced tomatoes, bacon, chopped egg, avocado slices, corn and a creamy dressing that brought it all together. For me, the wrong dressing can ruin a salad, but I was very happy with this one. In fact, I believe you can even buy bottles of their dressing at the checkout area. Although I'm not a big fan of almond flavor, I do like raspberry and ordered the Raspberry Almond Bar for dessert. The portion was ample, though I wished the crust were more flaky than dense, that the center were moister and that there were a greater proportion of raspberry (jam???) to top it off. Not a bad dessert, just no "wow" factor I hoped for. I will say this place is a great alternative to the mall food court. While I'm sure kids are welcome, this is a great place to escape the noise of the food court.
5	I frequent Nordstrom cafe for lunch almost once a week.  Although the food is outstanding, the service is what keeps me loyal.  Each time I go, an employee named Rick recognizes me and immediately takes care of me and my guests like a 5 star dining establishment.  He is attentive and always remembers what we drink etc.  I have never seen such a dedicated employee who clealry cares about his customers and takes the upmost pride in his job,  He always makes our dining experience remarkable.  I highly recomend visiting this wonderful cafe and if you are lucky, Rick will be your server.  He really is a gem!!!!
4	Nordstrom Cafe is awesome. Where else can you get healthy, presentable, affordable, gourmet cuisine on the run?! Our favorite is the Tuscan Salmon with Roasted Vegetables (yum!).  Sometimes they serve the salmon with herbs, sometimes pan-seared; both are delicious. The herb roasted vegetables are fresh, perfectly roasted, and filling. A delicious meal. Even better topped off with a Norstrom Chocolate Chip Cookie :)
5	Okay my first time here and I do not give out 5 stars easily. Even though it's a cafeteria style service, they are quite attentive to you when seated. The food was simply outstanding. If a cafe style place like this can do it, you'd think a full restaurant could as well.
4	The Nordstrom Marketplace Cafe' is the perfect respite for weary shoppers, and Nordstrom really does it up right. Next time you are at Scottsdale Fashion Square, consider Cafe' Nordstrom for the stop to make once you drop from shopping! This place puts the food court to shame. The food is fresh and tasty, and the service is prompt and efficient. You order cafeteria style, and a waiter brings your food and attends to your table for the remainder of your meal. The waiter we had, Armando, was excellent and highly attentive, filling our iced teas about 6 times!It's a bit on the pricey side- but worth it, and still less expensive than other restaurants that flank the mall. The salads are excellent (I recommend Blue Cheese & Pear $9.50, Salad Nicoise with Salmon, $11.75), as are the pasta dishes and panini sandwiches (recommend Santa Fe Chicken Panini, $9.95). But make sure you save room for dessert. My favorite is the Magic bar, $3.25. They even have a kids menu, and there are numerous delectable choices here. You can't go wrong... Best part- it's an escape from ordinary mall food, and the food is so good that maybe you'll end up making a special trip here when not shopping at the mall!
4	When a cold hits and the fuzziness sets in, all I want is soup and grilled cheese. Well, I find some great soup here! They have some of the best tomato basil around and it comes with a nice cheesy piece of bread. This combination is perfect for a cold day or a stuffy nose day!
5	Attentive, friendly staff! Delicious food!
5	My daughter and I really enjoy eating here. We tend to order the same thing every time because it's so good. She gets the grilled cheese and tomato soup combo and I get the grilled salmon nicoise salad. They both rock. It's cafeteria style all the way up to the point you pay, then you are served the rest of the way by a waiter who brings you your food and takes care of you. The food is always very fresh and delicious. And by the time we're out of there, it costs no more than eating in the food court but the experience and quality of the food are miles beyond. Highly recommended.
3	Good hot dogs.
4	I love Nordstrom's Cafe . This one isn't as nice as the others I've been too around the country, but the food is really good for an easy reasonably priced lunch. The salads are always good and the soups are to die for. Unfortunately the nutritional facts have been posted on their website and I freaked myself out. I will be back for less guilty meals.
5	Everything here is great. I've had the salads (fav is parm crusted chicken). Had the sandwiches and pasta also which are awesome. Soup is good. Haven't had the pizza cause I usually eat that at Pomo, Sauce or Grimaldi's.Anyway, if you are in the mall this is some of the best food there cause food court is awful.
4	I was a little embarrassed to admit to my co-workers that I REALLY wanted to eat lunch at Nordstrom Cafe! To my surprise they were equally as delighted and it was a nicer alternative to the hum drum food court experience. The cafe is located on the third floor of Nordstrom's right next to the young women's clothing department. I adore Nordstrom Cafe in my hometown of Honolulu and was very happy to see that the quality was right on par. I always order the angel hair pasta with spicy shrimp and it was EXACTLY what I expected. I always request that there be no spice added and they were more than happy to accomodate! Move over McDonald's because Nordie's has got the duplication process down to another level! (Photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cafe-nordstrom-scottsdale?select=8KOO0n8EuWaUWGK_Ha4Z3g#8KOO0n8EuWaUWGK_Ha4Z3g)Although the restaurant was smaller than I expected, service was wonderful, food was delicious and the only thing which went wrong was they got my friend's order mixed-up. But of course in true Nordstrom Cafe fashion, they apologized profusely and fixed it right away. You are my cafeteria style home away from home Nordstrom Cafe!!!31 Yelps Challenge: #10/31
5	Great salads, yummy sweets and cookies, wonderful customer service!  I always get the salmon salad (nicoise) and my Sisters ordered the parmesan chicken salad, so I got to taste that one too, I will have to get it next time cuz it is soooo good!! The make their iced tea very well, and they are very attentive! Love it!
4	Who knew at the Fashion Square is a very good cafeteria? It's nice that you can see a sample of each platter so you know what to expect.They do pizzas , soups , salads , Sandwiches , pasta and entrees and the most expensive meal is $13.50 for grilled skirt steak .  They say on their menu that they use cage free eggs, organic  local  (when in season) sustainable foods in season produce . I had their Nicoise Style Salmon Salad . ($12.25) It was delicious. The seasonings were just right , the salmon was cooked nice everything was good. It was great that the salmon and potatoes were warm . My husband had the Cilantro Lime Chicken salad . He said it was very good but seemed a little light for him so I gave him most of my potatoes , eggs and some salmon .The only down sides of cafeteria dining were if you are with packages it's hard to hold a tray and if your meal is all cold they hand you your platter and the hot items are ran out to you so you might not get your meals together.
4	I like the food here, everything is fresh and where can you go to get a good cafeteria service???  You grab a tray, tell the staff behind the counter what you want and grab your dessert, then drink and sit down and there are servers to help you put your tray away and replenish your drink if needed.  If you order something that takes longer to prepare, a number is handed to you and the server brings you your food.  Good choices for light meals, tomato basil soup is super yummy, love the Salad Nicoise with Salman, pizza for the kids, creme brulee for dessert!  At the end of the meal, the server gives you a little mint chocolate stick and I guess this is your cue to tip him!  Good customer service so I never hesitate to give them a little tip before I leave...
5	This place is always good! Plus the servers here are the best! I love,love, love the tomato soup!
5	Can not go wrong on anything you order here from salads to pasta to sandwiches and pizzas. the panini sandwiches are healthy, light , tasty. The salads are full of fruit and freshly prepared. The salmon comes with a huge side of veggies that are well prepared. great service is expected at Nordstroms and they go above and beyond in the restaurant.Will always consider eating here when in the area with all the intense restaurant competition around because of the food and service.
5	I love having a late lunch after a successful shopping day. I prefer to come here over the food court since it is so much more relaxing.  The service is so attentive and I can enjoy my meal and rest my tired feet for a bit.  I usually order the Cilantro Lime Chicken, light on the dressing or the Grilled shrimp and arugula salad with sweet corn.  I guess I like all my meals with a little sweetness on them. Today I felt like a grilled cheese and tomato soup. I was splurging since I have lost some weight. They don't offer that choice for adults, but how awesome are they. The let me have the kids meal, with the beverage and the side of fruit. I was in heaven.
4	I guess this is my to go place with my new daughter in law when I am in town.   This is our second time here and we are never disappointed.  I love the ones in Denver so why would I not like the one here.  This time we both had salads and a cup of tomato basil to share.  Everything was delicious.  The only problem was I had to ask for our chocolate sticks after eating.  That was a fist but we got them and our waiter apologized.  Of course I will be back.  Its Nordstroms.
5	I couldn't do it, I couldn't order anything else, I tried, but I had to get the Nicoise.  It was as amazing as ever, I really love this salad.  The hubby had the roasted chicken plate and it was all very yummy.  Seasoned very well.
4	Food is always fresh and delicious. Love the Nicoise Salmon salad, every time I go back I can't help but order it. Customer service is good, definitely better when not super crowded but I would recommend for sure. The desserts that I have tried here are also very tasty! The macaroon cookie is awesome in my opinion, perfect amount of chocolate, fresh coconut and a slight crunch all the way around the cookie just making it the perfect texture in your mouth.  Just for the record, I'm not big on coconut, but this cookie is so good!
5	So glad I have checked this out. I love going here when I go shopping. The food is very good. The waitstaff is excellent which is surprising since you order at the counter. Never had a bad time here.
3	Extremely loud. The smoked turkey sandwich bread was dry. Pear salad was good usual.
5	Nordstrom Cafe earns every single star. This is not your typical mall food, nor is it fast food. While the prices might be what you'd expect from Nordstrom, the food and service are so worth it. And there is something about nursing a glass of Malbec midday in a department store that feels extremely satisfying. Something like  "yes, my friend this is the good life. Shall we have a tipsy stroll around the mall then?"I somehow always end up hungry around the late morning time frame when they still have so their breakfast/brunch special going and the omelets are always amazing. If I'm not catching their breakfast at the tail end, I go with one of their exquisite salads. A recent special was salmon cakes with spring greens which my hubby ordered and I got the grilled shrimp with corn and arugula. I'm starting to drool now just remembering it. Light, flavorful and not doused with a bottled dressing. Absolutely perfect. The service is always extremely professional and they work very hard. There is really nothing about this cafe I don't like, except for maybe having to walk by the cute dresses to get there which usually ends in a purchase. *Sigh.*
5	I'm not sure why I always forget about this place but every time I remember its there, I get excited about going back and do a happy dance! Literally! This past weekend was no exception!Service at the ordering counter is always great and everything looks so amazing. I usually go for a full salad and get as much of their cherry salad dressing as possible. The stuff is sooooo good. One of the best salad dressings out there and my last visit, I saw full bottles for sale and while I decided to skip it since I'd put it on EVERYTHING, and shouldn't at 110 calories per 2Tbsp, the ingredients list impressed me! A little high in calories but the ingredients were quality and I had no issues with eating it. I opted for half a panini and half salad. The salad was still AMAZING but the panini was a little less than what I expected. It was good, but nothing special. The next time I go back, I'll be going back to my full salad.Also, there is a waiter here that is exceptional. He anticipates your needs with refills and checks on you once your food arrives.  He is friendly, efficient and while he's a bit hard for me to understand with his accent, he's one of the best waiters I've encountered in all of Phoenix! Great job!
5	If Cafe Nordstrom existed outside of the mall, I would eat here every single day!Everything on the menu is AMAZING. My favorite entrees are the salads. I have never had a more difficult time choosing a salad. My favorite is the salmon salad, but they are all good! The soups are just as tasty. The tomato bisque is out f this world and the garlic crouton it comes with is just as delicious. Also, to finish it all off, if you have not had a magic bar they are a must try!If you haven't eaten at Cafe Nordstrom, skip the food court and do yourself a favor and try it. You will not be disappointed, especially after a long day of shopping.
5	Amazing food!  Amazing SERVICE!  I love Cafe Norsdrom.  The quality of food is A+ and service cannot be beat!
4	Don't get in line if you're not ready to order. I did that and got judgmental stares because I'm indecisive need to look at all my options. This place is casual but offers good quality food. The clientele is noticeably different from that of Johnny Rockets and Panda Express (love Panda btw) downstairs.  I would stay away from the boring sandwiches. The paninis, pizzas, pastas, entrees, and salads all look great. I enjoyed my mushroom and ricotta pizza. Wasn't wowed by the tomato soup. Prices are Nordstrom prices for "cafe" food.
5	My trip to the Nordstrom Cafe was like everyone else'sI did not know what to expectWalking in, I thought it was a restaurant where you get seated but figure out the stand in line, cafeteria style type which did not bug me at allI found it kinda cool actuallyWalking down the line, there were soooo many different food options and each one looked amazingly goodKudos for the displays; the let people see what the dish looks like and how big the portions areI opted for the cranberry turkey sandwich and a soda, as well as a Snickerdoodle cookieAfter paying, you then get seated by a server and your food gets delivered to youOur server, Salvadore, was tremendousThe service from him was impeccableHe was super niceMy cranberry turkey sandwich was really, really good(I am not exaggerating)It also came with some plain potato chips which were greatMy Dr Pepper was always filled and my cookie was heavenlyThis cafe really blew my mind, expecially because it's located in the Nordstrom, in the mallI will for sure return to the Nordstrom cafe and I am anxious to try the tomato soup
4	I love this place. The food display makes you appreciate their culinary skills even more.Tasty and nutritious food, great place to sit with friends and family. The reason I am giving 4 instead of five stars is yesterday's experience. I took my friend for lunch there and the pesto Panini we ordered to share was dry and had anything inside the bread slices: sundried tomatoes, dried :( chicken, cheese, all toasted with butter BUT pesto. Unless they call pesto a few basil leave slivers.Stop by the desert bar. There are some delicious pear and raspberry bars.  A bit pricey but usually high quality food.
3	Good food but line to order a meal is always problematic. Can they do better? Salads are great. Waiters are loud, and servers and cashiers don't care.
4	Sure beats the stale pizza at Sbarro.  Great place to escape the hustle and din of the mall.  Tough to top the Nicoise Salad.
3	The quality of food is way better than a food court.  But I am really disappointed this is not a Nordstrom's Bistro, especially at this high end fashion mall.  And what is the most disappointing is NO crab bisque soup!  That is like a Nordstrom starring soup in EVERY Nordstrom's I've dined in, Northpark Dallas, San Francisco.  So when I am shopping and spending a lot of money and a lot of time on my feet in pretty much one store, I do not want to have stand in line and point to food, I want to be seated, order taken, and served.  Downstairs Nordys Express is for the prewrapped sandwhiches and salads...Upstairs they need to seriously think about turning this into a bistro.
1	I was here on 1/8/14 at 1:15. Wait staff acted like a bouncer at a night club: "hey you gotta wait."  Made my family wait in line while other customers jumped ahead of us in line.  Lame.  Never eating here again.  My visits to North County Nordstrom's Cafe have been extremely pleasant in comparison.
5	Consistently good food.  Only thing better than the food is the wait service.  Yes, one has to order cafeteria style; but servers will check on you throughout the meal.
4	Chef-created eats + Upscale Cafe = YummersHave walked by Nordstrom's Cafe many times thinking, well, it's a cafe.  Co-worker mentioned how much she and her family like it, so thought to give it a try recently while at the mall.  'Lo!  It is good.Main categories are sandwiches/paninis, salads, larger entrees, and desserts.  My wife and our 10-month-old loved the fish and grilled (and moist!) vegetables.  Our 6-year-old cleaned off her plate of mac and cheese with a side of fruit.  And my experience with the prosciutto and mozzarella sandwich with salad was very good.  Their vinaigrette options are numerous and excellent.Service was very pleasant both in ordering and the wait staff.  We'll be back.
4	I love the the Mexican mocha on ice. Very good very good very good! Very very very good!
5	I have been here a number of times and enjoyed it every time. The steak is good but the meal is made by the fresh vegetables and lime cilantro sauce. Surprisingly large seating area with many menu choices. Reasonably priced for what you are getting.
4	I enjoyed the salad I had here, though I feel their prices are a bit high. There was a mixup with food, however, and it was given to someone else the first time it was ready, leaving me without food for 20 minutes. This normally would lead me to write a bad review, but the waiter who brought my food out apologized politely and even have me a refund for it.
5	My wife and I ate here for lunch over the weekend while doing some shopping and we were pleasantly surprised at how great it was.  The dining room is rather large and very upscale for the price.  The food was great and I loved being able to see a sample dish before ordering.  We have been skipping the food court for years in favor of the other area restaurants but this little spot will be something we try more often now.
5	Nordstrom is a favorite dining spot for me when traveling the US and wanting something reliable and not trying a local place which might disappoint.  Plus there are standard items I love like Roma Tomato Soup with parmegiano crustini.  The Scottsdale Nordstrom has the same high standards in their cafe as the rest of the chain and extremely attentive service.  always a dependable stop for a light casual meal or snack.  They now sell individual 3 piece serving packs of the chocolates they have been selling in larger gift boxes in their cafe's so you can buy triplettes of their chocolate mint chunks or sea salt sprinkled caramels covered with milk or dark.  What a perfect and indulgent dessert alternative when not in the mood for their fantastic regular selections-and their chocolate layer cake is one of the best anywhere!
4	Unless you go to Pita Jungle DON'T go to the food court and come here instead. Favorite: Grilled chicken salad with candied walnuts etc and the best tomato bisque soup.
4	i love the tomatoe bisque with crustini here- its just perfect. i really like the atmosphere here : on my day off i like the grab a bowl of soup with crustini and a window booth. i dont usually have to ask for more napkins, crustini, water, etc. that to me is a good sign. this place is a gem. i didnt like the grilled cheese suprisingly. needed more butter. the soup however is to die for.
5	The best service you can get.  Food is delicious,  fresh and always tasteful. The servers are very courteous and friendly;  they make you feel like you are at home. This is one of the best alternatives for food at Fashion Square.
4	So yeah, I've been a fan of Nordstrom ever since I worked at the Paseo Nuevo Santa Barbara store (#344) over 20 years ago when I was in college. (Yikes!) They are widely known and respected for quality designer merchandise, diverse selection, and unparalleled customer service. But what some people don't realize is that their cafe is pretty amazing as well! Yes - their food!At the Scottsdale Fashion Square store, the cafe is tucked away on the third floor next to the restrooms. From the sales floor, it looks like it would be pretty small. It is only once you go inside that you realize just how spacious this place is. Ordering is done "cafeteria style," though with the exception of soups and desserts, you don't actually pick up your food at the line - you get a table number and a server brings the food to you. Ok, so it's not a fine dining experience. But that's ok, because the quality and variety of the food more than make up for it. They have a wonderful selection of sandwiches, pastas, salads, and entrees, along with an absolutely decadent array of desserts. They even serve wine if you're so inclined. On this last visit, my son and I went because he was craving their tomato basil soup. Tomato soup. I think it's worth mentioning that we do not live close to Scottsdale. This Nordstrom location is about 25 minutes away from our house. But in his mind, no one even comes close to making a tomato soup as good as they do at the Nordstrom Cafe. The soup is silky smooth, with a nice deep tomato tartness. It is served with a toasted crostini. My son likes to dip the crostinis in the soup, so we usually order an extra side of bread. Tip: Ask for more crostinis!! They are so good!I went with the mushroom ravioli. Seven wonderful pockets stuffed with a chopped/pureed mushroom fill, served with a creamy mushroom/sun-dried tomato sauce and topped with parmesan and fresh basil. At first, I was worried that seven raviolis would not be enough, but after savoring the last bite I had to admit that I was stuffed and completely satisfied.The service was prompt and attentive and the overall experience was great.With all the great things that Nordstrom has to offer, it sorta funny that the main reason my son and I drive across town to Fashion Square...is for the food!Try it - you won't regret it!!Oh, and the prices were pretty reasonable - our bill was under $20.
