4	I just moved to the neighborhood so I decided to give it a try.  Mimi did a FANTASTIC job on my pink & whites.  I am very picky about them.  She listened and gave me exactly what I wanted.  I give her 5 stars.Unfortunately I didn't enjoy the pedicure as much.  They only carry China Glaze polish.  While it comes in great colors, it's a crappy polish and was all chipped only 3 days after my pedi.  OPI stays on 3 weeks.  I will return to Mimi for my nails but am taking my toes elsewhere until they get better polish!
5	On a random day off, I went in search of a pedicure.  It was pretty late in the day, but I thought there might still be a chance something was open.  I pulled up to Nail enV and the sign said "open", but the hours said they were closed.  The door was open, so I poked my head in and was told they didn't mind doing a pedicure for me.  I thought this was exceptionally kind, especially because I know I can't stand it when people walk in at the last  minute when I'm getting ready to go home.  I picked out a color (I'll go ahead and agree with the previous reviewer that their color choices were limited, but since they're fairly new, I expect that may change over time.) and got a very relaxing spa pedicure with hot stones.  The guy that was helping me (I wish I could remember his name!) was excellent, and he didn't rush at all, even though it was getting late.  I really appreciated that they took all the tools out of sterile packaging and everything looked very clean.  Definitely a plus!  Also, they had tons of artistic designs for nails, that even though they aren't really my style, I might try next time.All in all, it was reasonably priced and they went above and beyond by taking me as a customer when they could have easily told me to come back during regular business hours.  I will definitely be back when it's time for my next pedi!
5	A little pricier then usuall but worth it. They did mine my sisters and my mothers nails and they did a wonderful job, paid very close attention to the detail and to what you want(: I would def. recommend this place! So convenient being that it is right off the 60 fwy
5	I had a regular nail place I used to go to however I needed find somewhere closer to my house. My friend told be check out Nail EnV as they recently opened near my house. I will have to say that I was pretty impressed I have had my nails/toes done by each of there employees and they are all are very good. I love going there for pedicures because they take their time and really know how to massage your feet and calves its super relaxing. The atmosphere is very laid back and the employees are all nice. If you are looking for a good place to get your nails done make sure to check this place out!
5	Good prices. Great services. Color stays for a few weeks.
5	I have had a couple pedicures here, and most recently had a full set of pink and white acrylic nails done.  Shawn is so friendly and gives a great massage.  Mimi does an awesome set of acrylic nails.  I have recommended this place to several friends.  They are clean, friendly and do great work.  I love that I never feel rushed.  My friend got glitter tip nails, and they look wonderful!
5	I'm very happy with this salon. My feet have never looked better! Plus, they play movies while you get worked on...massage chair and movie? Heck yeah! You have won me over Nail EnV!
5	I absolute love Nail enV. A friend of mine was a frequent client. Looking for a new nail salon i decided to try it out. They do such a great job are very friendly and it's clean. Their color selection is great. The pedicure chairs are AMAZING. I've never been to a nail salon (and I've been to quite a few) and truly enjoyed the pedicure chair. After leaving I feel as if just got a massage. They are always playing great music or a movie/TV. I really enjoy how the employees are very friendly towards each other. You can tell they are happy to be there. Which is not common in nail salons. It really enhances your experience. I love this place, and recommend it to anyone and everyone!!
3	I like the different levels of service for pedis but my polish is always chipped within 5-7 days when my polish normally lasts 3-4 weeks. Good massage
5	Love everyone here so friendly always do a great job got a deluxe pedicure an gel pink powder full set thank you Shawn an Karen for making my day !! Will be coming back
4	Once I find something I like, I usually stay with it. This place is no exception. I've been coming here for over a year now.  I love coming here for my monthly gel manicure. As much as customers they get, it is amazing the staffs remember repeat customers.  One of them asked me for things happened a few months ago.Friendly staffs are easy to talk to and they know how to pamper you really well.I am looking forward to my next monthly therapeutic with them.
3	I was coming to this nail salon a lot more often than now. I like the nail quality and the whole concept of sitting at a "bar" like area to get your nails done but some people don't seem to understand that YOU DONT SIT THERE until you are ready to be seated. Because of this i have been forgotten about in the "waiting chairs" numerous of times. Even though i have showed up and had my name on the list, multiple people have gotten seen first because they sat at the "nail bar". needs to be better organized thats for sure.
5	They have never done me wrong! Amazing work and very friendly staff! I drive a half hour for my pedicures. Lani is amazing!!
5	I've been to a lot of nail places and this one is by far the best!!! Clean, friendly staff, multitude of colors to choose from and they can do all my crazy Pinterest designs I bring them!!! Karen, Mimi and Susan are amazing!!
5	BEST NAIL SALON IVE BEEN TO. I live in Old Town Scottsdale and I drive all the way over here because I KNOW I'm going to love my nails. Super friendly staff , great prices, super clean. They are updated on trends and have tons and tons of designs and colors to choose from. I'm super skeptical about nail salons, but I totally trust this one. I highly recommend going here. It's less busy during the week.
4	I was in desperate need for a Brazilian wax, and this was the closest place to my house and they could get me right in.  I was skeptical when I was lead into a tiny back room with a curtain on the windowed door.  It didn't scream "clean and aseptic"  and definitely not worthy of a $45 wax.  But Mimi was very friendly and put me at ease.  And wow, she was thorough.  She made sure that she didn't miss anything.  I did have to knock a star off because the second time I visited she went to work without asking me what exactly I wanted and well, yeah, I wasn't too happy about that.  As far as manicures and pedicures go, I haven't had either done, just reviewing on the waxing service.
5	I loved this place. I'm very picky when it comes to my nail place, and all the places close by weren't kicking it. I decided to try Nail En-V after passing it a couple days before. It was great. 1. They greet you right away. 2. They sit you as quickly as possible (good amount of staff for small place).3. They have an express pedi for only 17$, I upgraded to the Spa pedi (25$). It was the best pedicure I've had in a long time. The massage was amazing!! 4. Opted for a gel manicure (30$) - a little more than other places - but she did amazing!!! I chose yellow, which requires a lot of coats. She kept going until it looked perfect, other places would have tried to get away with less coats. 5. My eyebrow wax was the best I've ever had. She actually trimmed and brushed my eyebrows to get the correct shape. Susie knows what she's doing!! The only thing I can't stand (with all nail places I've been to) is the fact that they lay a towel over their waxing chairs. I think it's so unsanitary. I don't want to lay on the same towel someone else did!! Just clean the damn table between waxes!! Ugh! This will be my new nail and eyebrow place! :)
4	This place is great. My biggest suggestion is to make a reservation. They get busy very quickly.  They do a great job and they pride themselves on a great job.  The lady who did my nails killed it! I mean look at those stars! Super symmetrical. Awesome job!
5	Best nail place I've been to hands down! Mimi, Karen, Sean, Lani and Susan are all amazing and very friendly! I've been going here for almost a year now bi weekly for my gel overlay and pedicures!
5	Amazing job! Love this place, everyone is so nice and welcoming. They took their time and copied the picture I gave them on my nails. Definitely would recommend this place!!
5	I've been to several nail salons trying to find the right one, and I finally found it! This salon has always done a fantastic job on my nails and are always happy to do the fun designs I bring then from Pinterest. I came here after having my nails done else where and Cindy did a fantastic job repairing them, and I've continued coming ever since. There prices are average compared to other places, however I believe there prices are fantastic compared to the work they do! Thanks again guys :)
3	I have come to this nail salon several times now because it's so close to my place. The only problem is that this place gets super busy sometimes, and every single time I've come in, I was told there would be just a short wait, but that has never been a short wait--quite the opposite!! This has led to much frustration and wasted time when I've been in a crunch. As I'm typing this, I am sitting here in the chair now, and someone has finally started doing my nails and I've been waiting for 25 min. No one told me I was going to wait or that there was a wait. They just filled the water and left. They do a great job on nails, but if it's busy, they won't tell you the truth of how long to wait if there is a wait.
2	This was my first experience ever visiting a nail salon before.  I chose this one because it was close to my home and they had a decent review on Yelp with happy customers. I visited roughly 3 weeks ago for a full set with gel polish. My friend and I arrived for our appointments about 10 minutes early, and they started on their pedicure right away. My appointment time came around and past with no assurance that I would be helped soon. About 15 minutes past, someone had come by and dropped off a small water bottle and told me someone would help me soon. My service finally started 30 minutes past my appointment time, and they definitely were not busy....On to the service: the man who did my nails really made no effort to try and make me feel at ease or comfortable for my first service. Between not knowing what to expect, the back and forth talking with employees and answering the telephone, I was more stressed than anything. As he was finishing up and trimming my cuticles, he told me since this is my first time he will trim them for free. Um, what? Is that not part of a nail service?! I do like my nails, but the applications looks sort of crooked on a couple nails. And the gel polish wasn't evenly applied. All things considered, I enjoy having the acrylics. But, I will not be returning to this nail salon.
5	Karen was great! I'm very satisfied with her work. This nail salon better keep her or else I will go somewhere else.
3	Normally I would give this place a RAVING review but after my last experience, this place deserves the 3 stars. Don't get me wrong, the employees are helpful and nice, the place is clean and the prices are reasonable.I walked into the salon last Saturday and there were quite a few people there however, they took me in. Normally, Saturdays at the nail salon are pretty busy but I decided to give it a shot and was excited to see I could get in. I sat at the bar and was repeatedly told they'd be with me in a few minutes. I was there for just under an hour before anyone got to me and all the while being promised it would be a few more minutes. After they finally got to me, I found out that they could not do what I wanted (gel extensions) and I was so frustrated at this point that I just left without another word. I wasted an hour of my Saturday waiting only to find out they couldn't do it. It would have been nice if they had been honest with me about the time or addressed me earlier so I didn't waste my time. Not only that but I the women who had an appointment also waited a half hour before anyone got to her either.Good place but beware of your time!
5	Best nail place in Phoenix! Mimi did my acrylics, and let me tell you she took her time to do some good work. They are very beautiful despite that you can see the little red marks from my last nails but oh well. I will never go to another place! Ps. Happy hour is Mon-Thurs if u pay cash for ur pedi!
4	Been going here a few times and have enjoyed the spa pedicure here. All the ladies are friendly and do a great job!
4	I've been coming here for a while and that's a great nail salon! They offer ALL services from pedi to meni. They also do gel extension which not all nail salon does. Mimi always does my finger nails and I always LOVE them, she does an outstanding job and always get what I want. Pedicure is sure a great spoil here as well and I mostly satisfied with that service also. Recommend it to any one that's looking for a great meni-pedi. Will definitely be back.
