2	This store is an expensive food city!
3	The one thing with Bashas (as opposed to Fry's) is that things are a hit or miss.  Some items, they've got great prices on but others are more expensive.  This store is clean, large (in comparison to some Bashas), and the employees are friendly.
3	We only go here in times of quick pick up trips, even though they are the closest store to our house. Otherwise, we go the distance to Safeway or Fry's. The "fresh" food always seems to practically spoil by the night I bought it. They don't carry some popular products that other grocers near by have. And the biggest downfall for me (And I have actually had 3 other friends tell me they avoid this grocery store for the SAME reason), is the judgment of the cashiers. A couple of the older cashiers have made comments on our purchases and also comments on what they've noticed we frequently buy (like how much alcohol we buy). One trip, an older man lectured me about the new chips in the new drivers licenses and how it's the mark of the beast and how Jesus feels about this..while I was bagged and trying to leave. And I don't feel religion is an appropriate topic to bring up with a stranger. It's hard not to spend the little bit more on gas, just so I can purchase my groceries somewhere without having to be judged.
1	I used to like purchasing donuts for an early morning Sunday treat.  Today, when I came in at about 8 am, the shelves were still almost empty and the choices minimal.  I waited and waited for service, watching the personnel working on something else.  Another customer was already waiting, as well.  I asked, "Can we get some service here?"  A woman finally came over and I was told that all the donuts were not ready yet.  I asked for Lance and was told he went to the Surprise location.  When I asked who the new manager was, she told me she was the new manager.  The baker was wearing a filthy, dirty apron and needed a haircut (hair uncovered).  I bought a half-dozen donuts.  They were all chocolate with an overabundance of frosting.  I thought bakers were supposed to get up during the wee hours of the morning, have the donuts ready and a cheerful person available to sell them.  This ruined the stereotype, I guess.
1	I am very unhappy with this location Bashas! Mainly the meat departments customer service! I had bought the sale ground beef and the packaging ranged from 2-3lbs. I asked the butcher if he would  re-wrap but split the weight for me since I do not have a scale at home & it can have the same label so I pay the same price. I was NOT trying to only take less than what they were selling it for. Plus I have done this before at other Bashas and Albertsons. Its purely a customer service attitude! Hes atitude was anything BUT that at first. Then said "OK" in a not so "customer service" way. As he proceesed to unwrap it he grabbed the meat with his BARE hands & DID NOT use gloves!  Then on another occassion I called the store & spoke to meat department, I  askied if they had smoked turkey necks and I was told no, then I said do you have any smoked turkey parts & w/a bit of an attitude (as if he was bothered w/the call) he said NO we dont carry smoked turkey! At this point dealing with this location bashes all I can say is wow. It is just sad because there aren't very many bashes stores and this is the one nearest to me but that is OK I will just no longer shop there and have to go to the other stores. I just don't understand what has happened to customer service it used to be people thrive off giving superior customer service nowadays it's like they don't care they were at their mercy so that is not a true statement we are not at their mercy as long as we stand our ground!
2	There was a middle-age female customer who made a rude, racist comment to me and I was appalled when I told one of the cashiers who seen me shop here all the time.  She agreed with me but did nothing.  So yeah, I think there should be a diversity of other cashiers.  There a bit snooty there!
