5	I *love* this place! Nikki, the owner, is one of the best instructors I have ever practiced with. She has such an amazing energy, and is second to none at making the most inexperienced yogi feel comfortable and confident  while at the same time ensuring that the more experienced yogis are guided through a challenging and fun practice. Ha opened recently (January 2013), but Nikki and the other instructors bring years of experience in a wide range of yoga styles to this intimate studio. Classes range from yin/restorative and prenatal to heated, power, and jivumukti yoga, and the quality of the classes is not at all sacrificed for the quantity of offerings. The classes I have attended all strike the perfect balance of giving you a great, challenging, FUN workout while allowing you to explore and experience the deeper principles of yoga. Drop-in prices are on par with other studios in Tempe (even a bit lower), and the class packages available for purchase are **screaming** deals ($65 monthly for unlimited yoga in Tempe? Unheard of!).  I really can't recommend this place enough! Just go once--you will be back!
5	Being a beginner to yoga and attending a few studios, Ha Yoga by far is my favorite! The owner Nikki created an amazing energy for her place. Calm, comfortable and very welcoming especially if you're new to yoga. Nikki, Nicole and Charlie are great instructor! Providing everyone with a strong yet enjoyable flow, these ladies and gentelman never send you through the exact same routine, which I love! Not to mention the prices are great for a valley yoga studio.
5	I am so glad I found this place. The studio, people and instructors are all wonderful! I've been practicing yoga off and on for a couple of years and this studio by far is the most enjoyable I've come across in the valley. They even have pre-natal classes!!!
5	This isn't your typical yoga studio.  The owner Nikki is an incredible teacher!  The studio is small enough that the instructors can give you one on one attention.  They offer a variety of different classes from flow, yin, to pre-natal!  And Nikki plays Neil Young and Otis Redding, instead of the typical "sounds of the yogi" soundtrack.  Good people, good vibe, GREAT deals on classes at the moment (hint hint: groupon).  SO stoked I found this place :)update as of 2.5.14Still the best and most affordable yoga studio in town!!!!!
5	I took a few yoga classes in college but hadn't done it since, so I was looking for a beginner level class that was still challenging. I was so glad I found Nikki's Tuesday night class. It's the perfect balance of beginner and slightly intermediate yoga, but the environment is so comfortable that you don't feel stupid or defeated if you can't perform a certain pose. There are also a variety of yoga classes you can choose from--flow, heated, advanced, pregnancy yoga. Nikki's been teaching for years and really knows her stuff when it comes to yoga, so I highly recommend this studio.
5	Love it! I've only done the heated flow class but it's really amazing and a great environment. Bring a towel!
5	Love Nikki- I've been taking prenatal yoga for the last few months with her.  She is super attentive to her students needs and skills and a great teacher.  She's refreshing, real and open, which is especially nice talking pregnancy :).  I've only tried one other of her classes but loved that too.  Happy to have found Ha Yoga!
5	Awesome yoga at a reasonable price. Nikki is so good at getting me to understand alignments and correct postures. In three months my yoga practice is gone from nonexistence to something I'm proud of. My lifts at the gym have increased by 30% ( I'm a bit of a gym rat) and I'm watching my body change every day. As for the spiritual side I am doing better at work and in my personal relationships that I have ever. The meditation I find in my practice is given me great peace in my daly life. I have tried many other studios but have never gotten what I get here. She and her other instructors just teach good yoga in a way that feels good and is fun and relaxing. Finding this place has really been a game changer in my life.
5	I am here from CA for the weekend & found this studio on yelp... I took a class from Nikki and really enjoyed her style, knowledge, and passion! I will definitely be back next time I come to Tempe! Very welcoming!
