5	I have been bringing my SUV here now for about 4 years.   There are many things I like about Baam that i thought should be shared.  First off he is extremely knowledgeable about cars...and what the problem is with your car.....2nd he is very forthright with you about costs to fix.   Its awesome to have a mechanic that can make the right diagnosis and then fix the problem the first time.  His prices are fair and he solves the problem.  What more could you want?  Thanks Baam for all the great service over the last few years, don't change!  You deserve positive reviews and more business!
4	Okay, I'll admit it. I'm not as self-sufficient as I'd like to be. I'm not as much a guy as I should be. But, at least I don't overpay for my car maintenance and therefore, I am as many as it gets. But yes, I do really need to learn how to change my own oil. I think it would make me feel more complete, but why do that when you have Baam Auto?I haven't been coming here for years, but I have for my last three oil changes. Normally my oil changes cost in the upwards of $50 and that's just the oil change. God forbid I need a new air filter or something else. Baam Auto is owned by a family friend of mine and I wouldn't say that my review will be super bias, cause when you have a car you can't afford to be bias.The oil changes are advertised here as $9.99 and they are, plus services. Which comes out to a...wait for it you empty pocket friends...$13. An oil change, in Las Vegas for $13? Yes it is true and it is quality. They work in all fields of car maintenance, so you can come here and get a fair and quality estimate of the service. I somehow broke the clutch in my car and they really got the job done fairly quick for an awesome price that didn't veer from the estimate.The one thing I can say that you should keep your heads up about is that you have to know a good time to come. Weekends are busy and weekdays are busy. Which if you reaaaally think about it, is a good thing because people trust his service. Everyone loves Mohammed, the owner, because he is super honest and really nice. For an oil change, go at opening at 8 AM for the quickest turnaround time and you'll be out of there in less than an hour. I suggest this place to all my friends, it's conveniently about 15 minutes from UNLV on Fremont & Sahara!
5	Friendly, great prices, they stick to their quote, and they do the job. I think I've finally found a mechanic I can trust.
2	Horrible horrible horrible I took my car there for a check engine light they said that they needed to do a full diagnostic on it it would take 3 to 4 hours they kept my car for 6 days couldn't figure out what was wrong with it gave it back to me now I have a major power steering fluid leak and my back driver side tire had a screw in the sidewall my car never had any leaks until I took it to BAM auto
5	moe great tech!
