4	This cute little nail salon recently opened in the Super Target shopping center on the northeast corner of Yuma & Cotton Lane. When I walked in, I was excited to see a nail tech I've had before at another salon. Today's visit was arduous. I needed some gel polish removed from my nails. My tech, Jade, was really fabulous and took very good care of my nails. It would have been easy to sand them down to nothing, but she was very careful and my nails look perfect (after a fresh manicure, of course). While I was there, Jade showed me how she had been practicing making the AZ Cardinal logo on some nail tips. I was amazed - I would have sworn they were decals on the nails. Nope - she hand painted them! We started brainstorming other logos she could do, and with the help of her iphone, we had run searching the net for pictures. She's super-talented, so if you have a burning desire to have something extra special painted on your nails, bring her a photo or a web link.
5	This nail shop I have been going to for a few months now and I am in love with. I am greeted each and every time. I love designs and they know how to do them. They are neat and clean and very respectful. Everywhere I go I get people saying "WOW"!!!!! I took my sister to her nail shop and the other nail techs could not stop looking at my nails. I love them! I will be their loyal customer!!!!
2	I went to them and its a very cute salon and also very clean which is a plus for me. They didn't really talk to the people in their i don't know if their shy or that's just how they are. Not sure on their prices i thought the spa pedicure was more then other places its $24 for the basic but when i checked out he said $29 so i don't know if they include tip or what but i didn't get any designs just a pedicure and that's it. I wanted to try them because i recently moved here and drive about 40 minutes to my old nail salon and wanted to see how they are. I don't honestly think i will go back again just on the experience i had. My toes look good but she got clear nail polish on my toe so i had to clean that when i got home. I don't want you think its a horrible place because its not just not what i am use to. I will continue to go to my old place but i think everyone should try somewhere new at least once.
4	I found Phoenix Nails & Spa through Yelp and I was very pleased with my visit. The tech did exactly as I asked and there was no hard up-sell. I felt like I got my money's worth of massage and care. I would recommend them and would go again.
5	I went to this place today for the first time and I have to say Ann took her time and my nails look GREAT.. I will be going back, the prices are right , it's very clean, and the people are friendly
5	So far I've been there twice and I WILL keep going back! It's tidy and fresh looking with a big screen TV. I'm excited that its convenient and a pleasurable experience every time(=Ha did a precise job!
5	Everyone is very friendly, and the shop is very clean. Most of the techs are great! Designs are awesome.
1	The place was really nice, the staff friendly! I only give this place a one star because their prices are outrageous! I'm visiting from California and decided to get a full set, it was going to be 28 dollars just for a simple full set! 30 for white tip!! That's  ridiculous! They have very little competition so they charge an extraordinary amount! I will never be setting foot in this place again so as long as they keep their outrageous prices!
5	I stopped in about 2 years ago when I decided it was time to take care of my nails once again.  I had stopped getting manicures many years before because I felt like the upkeep was more trouble than it was worth and always seemed to experience breaking.I had acrylic tips with gel overlay done and they were beautiful!  They were done so well that I was able to go more than 3 weeks before filling and another 3+ weeks before a back fill.  No chips, breaks, separation, etc.  With the length of time between maintenance appointments I kept my tips for over a year and only had to completely remove them and start over once the entire time.Six months ago, I had the tips removed and began doing the gel manicure.  I love it!  My nails always look beautiful.  It's inexpensive and I still go 3-4 weeks between appointments (although sometimes my nails do break a little when I go too long)  I always receive compliments on my nails and love the service.  Its best to schedule an appointment on the weekends because they are always busy!  Occasionally I treat myself to a pedicure and they always ROCK!  The massage chair is one of the nicest I've ever sat in and the salon is always neat and clean.  I love this place and am a very loyal customer!
5	Phoenix Nails & Spa offered standard services & options for mani/ pedi/ wax/ etc...what was better than standard was the level of service - they are EXCELLENT (extremely nice employees who all smiled at new customers), the high level of cleanliness (it's a larger "spa" with enough space between each station to not feel crowded), the quality AND quantity of massage chairs for pedicures (there were over 10 massage chairs with more options than a run-of-the-mill chair with roller balls).  Ann worked on me for a standard spa pedicure, then spa manicure.  I was extremely impressed at the level of care she took in each aspect of it - the scrubbing, the massage, the nail grooming & care, and finally the paint itself.  Additionally, I have scar tissue damage from a surgical site on my foot & most technicians forget that I ask them to avoid the area, however she was very observant & asked about each area of my foot.I felt the prices were adequate.  Paid $29 for a standard spa pedicure ($5 extra for French tips) & $30 for a standard spa manicure with gel polish (also extra for the French manicure).Will update this review once I see how long the gel manicure lasts.Absolutely recommend Ann and Phoenix Nails & Spa!
1	I walked in to inquire about appointments as I recently moved here. Instead of being greeted, I was barked at that they were closing. There was still a shop full of customers. I suppose they have enough clientele.
4	This is my go to place for pedicures! They work quickly and do a good job. Only complaint is the last time I went in I had to get a full set of the fake nails for a wedding and she cut up my fingers a lot more than I would have liked. Pretty painful when they start putting the nails on and cut up cuticals don't really look that great. Pedicure was awesome though and still no chips in the paint, which was put on almost 2 weeks ago.
1	online says they open at 9 on Sundays, they don't open until 11. Got there at 11 and they were busy, the lady told me that they were too busy and pretty much shooed me out the door.  I didn't mind waiting, but that wasn't an option for them. If they don't want my business, I will go elsewhere.
4	I walked in hoping to be able to get a fill today and I had no problem. It was super busy lots of people getting pedicures. The staff was very friendly and Ann did a great job on my nails. They are shaped perfectly and look like my own nails. I am so happy I went in and checked this place out. I can't wait to go back and get a pedicure. As far as the price-I think it seemed pretty average to me. A little more expensive than the cheapest place I have found but its also a lot cleaner which is a plus for me. I will definitely be back.
5	Came in for a fill. They did a great job.  They were busy but have a large staff so I didn't have to wait. The price was just right. I will be back.
2	Didn't love my pedi. The massage was nice on the legs but my polish was rushed and I had to go home and clean up the edges with polish remover. I won't likely go back.
5	I love this salon! Ha works magic with acrylic nails and Peter does an awesome job with pedi's! The salon is clean, friendly, and super easy to get an appointment at; as someone in the beauty industry, cleanliness is VERY important to me. I recommend this salon to all of my friends!
2	The spa pedicure was great, but my manicure left a lot to be desired. My nails were shaped strangely, and painted poorly. She didn't paint all the way down to the cuticle so even though I got my nails done 2 days ago, they already look grown out. The top coat wasn't applied to the edges of my nails so they've already started chipping. The lady doing my nails seemed nice, but I was taken aback when she said some akin to "you pay me now" before she painted my nails. I understand that it makes sense to pay when you don't have wet nails but as I'm used to paying at the end I was really unimpressed with the way she said it, as if she thought I was going to skip out without paying. I don't know that I will go back.
5	This is the only nail salon I will go to! I have tried many in the last few years but this nail salon wins by far! Sometimes it can be a little busy and I may need to wait 10 mins but it is worth it! Kim always sets the nail tips straight! Amy is my go to girl for my fills. I like my nails super short and she does them just how I like them everytime! Will be a loyal customer till the day I die!
1	Great location that is close to home but I will most likely never be going back to this place.  Things that irked me: Lack of customer service-although we were seating pretty quickly--my pedicure was rushed and the hot stone message and sea salt scrub was lackluster.The nail techs were rude-at one point I could have swore she was talking about my group...has anyone else felt this?  Its very rude when they don't speak English--and my technician spoke lovely English when she sat me down and asked me in English what type of pedicure I wanted.  I don't know--business is business but customer service always wins in the end and this place is lacking big time.
2	I have noticed the service going downhill on my last several visits. I continually get nail techs that are not very good and take forever. I usually also come here for my pedicures but after the last one I had which was rushed to the point that she hurt me, I won't be going back. I thought I might continue coming in to get my nails done but I am tired to trying to be friendly to techs that are more concerned with getting you in and out than found a good job. I recently went elsewhere for my pedicure and for only a few dollars more I had a terrific experience. That's where I will be going from now on.
5	I have been using this salon for more than 2 years and am always satisfied with the job they do! Great service, very talented, and it's always clean.
5	I have been going to this salon for about a year now and just love it. Tammy is an artist when it comes to nail art. I am constantly receiving compliments on my mani/pedi designs. Make an appointment since they do get pretty busy.Best nail salon in town!!
4	Okay, I decided I wanted acrylics and gave Phoenix Nails another shot. This experience was much better than my last! I love my nails! I decided to go with the gel polish and I am glad I did.
4	I really like going to this salon and having Tammy as my pedicure technician.  She takes her time with her clients and she really has an eye for doing designs.
1	first time being at the salon , made a 2:00 appt. and didn't get seen till 2:45 , this salon was packed with a lot of people , the service was not so great , but later on that day mine and my niece gel manicures started to peel and lift up , we spent 35 dollar for each , and totally a waste of my money and time , very very upset , and I will be going tomorrow to speak with them.. definitely not be going back to this place..
1	My sister and I came for the first and last time. Awful service. My sister was cut, which I get can happen but come on this sucks on your first service. We both asked for gel manicures. I can't tell you what we got but it was not what we asked or paid for. We were rushed out before our nails were dry. Getting in the car my sisters nails were already smudged and all chipped within a day. Very disappointed especially since they are in close proximity to my home.
1	This place blows. In addition, they keep posting photos that clogs up my feed!  They seem to think they can post photos for free advertising, but their service is horrible.
