5	First off - the service is exceptional. Our waitress was very friendly and attentive. Now on to the food - AMAZING!  The shu Mai appetizer was delicious. For entree we had the blue canvas curry and the spicy eggplant with shrimp. The curry was delightful - creamy and full of flavor. The eggplant picked up deliciousness of the home-made sauce and was really really tasty. They make all the sauces from scratch here so they all have a very unique flavor. I will definitely be back again.
5	Try it today. Excellent food. Thai Fusion with thicker sauces. Will definitely be back.  Food isn't like all the other Thai places. Treat yourself and try Table Thai.
5	This place just opened up recently and we have been wanting to try it. Very nice atmosphere and the staff is also very friendly. The Asia appetizer plate was beautifully presented and very tasty. We also had the panang curry and fresh ginger chicken. Try it, you'll like it.
5	We love this place! So excited they have a vegan menu. The vegan curry is amazing!  Nice atmosphere and great customer service :)
5	Very tasty, good service, hilarious grammar  I recommend the tofu towers for the appetizer and whatever curry you get, get sticky rice.
5	A long awaited opening but definitely worth it :) As many of you know, I'm a sucker for Thai food and have an obsession for Sunrise Coffee right next door so you can imagine I was pretty depressed when Taiga closed down lol but Table Thai has a lot more options including 10 vegan entrees!  Their menu also includes an assortment of appetizers, salads, curries, soups, rices/noodles, grilled items, healthy options and chef recommendations.The service was great. Our waters were kept filled, everyone was really friendly and welcoming and they explained to us that they've been having issues with the licensing and other new business paperwork problems since December is a big holiday season and it's been hard with many offices closed and whatnot. But they informed us that as far as they know they'll be open for good now :)Now for the good stuff! The nums! Me and the boyfriend decided to go with their lunch specials which includes soup, mixed salad and your choice of white or brown rice.BBQ chicken: This is what my boyfriend ordered. Super flavorful, maybe a little too potent of a flavor for some if that makes sense lol has a rich sauce and you can definitely taste a grill flavor. 3.5/5 for me, 4/5 for Mr.Kitty.Red Curry: I went with the shrimp version and it was perfect. A good amount of shrimp, good consistency of the sauce, not spicy which I usually prefer but the flavor was definitely not lacking. The only thing, there was an extreme amount of bamboo shoots. I personally don't care for bamboo shoots but if you like them, it would be heaven for you lol. 4/5.Lunch special soup: flavorful clear broth and I loved that they added two pieces of shu mai which were soft and fluffy. A really nice touch for complimentary soup.The atmosphere is still cozy with a modern twist like how it was when it was called Taiga. Overall, a different twist on many thai favorites at a very reasonable price. We'll definitely be regulars! Next items I want to try: Pumpkin shrimp curry, Crying Tiger, Steamed fish chu-chee, Panang soft shell crab, Spicy Basil, and Brulee Cheesecake! Happy eating! :)
5	Ate here last night for the first time.  We had the Tom Kah soup, Panang curry and Jade fried rice.  All the dishes were delicious and the service was excellent.  The soup was just a little bit spicy so they adjusted it to make it to our liking.  We will definitely be going back.
5	So we got the advertisement on our door telling us of a new Thai restaurant that open right a round the corner, so we thought we would give it a try tonight!  What  outstanding experience we had a the Table Thai Bar and Grill, the food was fresh and favorable.  We started out with the Tom Yum soup and followed up with Chicken Panang and Shrimp Pad Thia and we enjoyed our meal.  Every nice place and the servers are very nice and friendly!
5	I also got one of their flyers on my door- which normally I hate- but when you give me a discount and a free thai iced tea AND free delivery...I'm all about it. The service on the phone was outstanding, very easy to communicate with and polite.Food reviews:1. Crab Rangoons - outstanding. You get 8 of them which is very generous considering many places have moved to only cream cheese rangoons and no crab (even if it is imitation). Great sauce that comes with it that isn't the standard Sweet & Sour.2. Tom Kha soup - VERY good, but we got a 2 on the spicy out of 5 (was low) and it was still pretty damn spicy so be careful. Absolutely delicious though.3. Chicken Satay- Pretty good, a little small on the portion of chicken, but the peanut sauce was very delicious. (we actually went back for some today for our own peanut chicken skewers we made here at home)4. Ginger Chicken - This was fantastic. Tons of veggies and a good amount of chicken. Enough for leftovers- good value on the price I believe. 5. Thai Iced Tea- perfection in a cup. Hard to mess up but they certainly don't.I hope this restaurant succeeds because it definitely deserves to and I want to return here as long as I'm in Vegas. Try it!!
5	I am a HUGE thai foodie. With that being said, I found Table Thai through Yelp, quickly placed an order for delivery and was very satisfied with what I got! Upon arrival the food was still warm as if it had come straight from the kitchen onto my dinner table. The driver was very nice and even gave me some free thai iced tea for ordering delivery. Food:- The first thing i got was a yellow curry. For the price it was a bit small portioned but really satisfied my hunger. The sauce was excellent and had a bit of a kick to it (i got a medium) and had a VERY generous amount of meat in it. The flavor was excellent as well as the consistency; not too runny, not to thick. This came with your choice of white or brown rice. -Second, I ordered the pad thai. Once again this was on a scale from not spicy-spicy. I got a medium but the flavor was not spicy at all. Anyways, the noodle were very flavorful and all around good. They came with chicken, bean sprouts, green onion, egg, a lemon, and peanut topping.  -Thai Iced Coffee. Enough said. It was absolutely amazing. -Thai Iced Tea: Simply amazing. Wow.Overall, this was the best delivery thai I've had. 5/5 would order from here again.
4	Table Thai was such a lovely hidden gem to discover on a night out with my sister! It's in a such a nice location and the vegan theme between this place and sunrise coffee is really nice. I ordered the Tom kha soup which was exactly what the doctor ordered. Perfect spicing and they let me order it with just vegetables even though that wasn't on the menu! Our waitress was the cutest thing ever and was clearly helpful to everyone in the restaurant. Overall we had a great experience. 10/10 would recommend.
