2	I was thrilled to see a new restaurant in the location Skillets had occupied on Community House Road. I was even more thrilled to find a coupon for a free omelette in my mailbox. So I decided to hike on over and take a taste. That was a mistake.I took a seat at the counter and perused the menu. Omelettes and eggs benedict occupied most of the menu, all at prices of $10 and over. All of the omelette options were unusual and I didn't see a make your own option. As I watched food come out of the kitchen, it seemed very disorganized. The staff don't appear to have any system under control just yet.I went with Stan's #1 - an omelette with shrimp, crawfish, ham mushrooms and cheese. It was not something I would normally order, but for free, I was willing to give it a shot, as I liked all of the ingredients in forms other than omelettes. I asked them to make sure the eggs were cooked, as i hate runny eggs. When the dish arrived, it was bone dry. The crawfish tasted old and the shrimp was about the only edible part of the creation. Unlike the omelette, the english muffin that came with it was not crispy. The highlight of the meal were the seasoned country potatoes, which were salty but good. Had I been paying for the dish, I would have sent it back and gotten something else.When I got my bill, I was stunned to discover the charge for my unsweet tea was $2.69! Really?! So glad I got the to-go cup. Because of the convenience of the location, I may try it again, but no more omelettes for me. Can't recommend this place at this time.
2	Friendly staff. Way, way, way overpriced. Eggs were dry and potatoes not homemade. For 10+ $ for breakfast they need to step up food quality 1000%. Staff was very attentive though.
2	Bleh... in almost every way.... bleh.I never went to the Skillets that was here previously, so I can't compare it to that.  But I have eaten breakfast before, so I based my expectations on that.  If you are anticipating IHOP or Cracker Barrel portions, food or prices, this ain't your jam.  I don't think it was overpriced necessarily for the selection and options, but I do think it was overpriced for the quality and taste.  The young lady that seated me was very pleasant, and another woman that was walking around checking on people was nice as well.  My waiter was a little zzzz but competent, though my water was never refilled and once the food hit the table I didn't see him again.The food:The Traditional with corned beef hash ($9) - from their menu this is 2 eggs any style, an english muffin and seasoned potatoes.  My 2 eggs were indeed over-well but were nothing special and seemed small, the english muffin was somehow hard and chewy at the same time and tasted odd, and the only seasoning on the potatoes was salt.  The "butter" that I put on my english muffin tasted off.  The potatoes seemed to be the standard frozen style small cut potatoes, but were well done, though overly salty.  The corned beef hash was horrible - I love corned beef, like LOVE it, I'll even eat the canned corned beef hash on occasion when I need the salty beefy potatoey stuff, but this was not good - not at all.  The meat was pulverized, but grainy (?), and mixed in the mash was tiny cut green and red peppers, onions, and I was told potatoes as well, but I didn't taste that at all.  It was fried crispy like I like, but after two bites I wasn't going to punish myself anymore.  Yuck.Side of a sausage gravy biscuit ($3.49) - Relatively good, but I make better.  Biscuit held up well to the gravy, the 3 pieces of sausage were good.  Well seasoned.  The total (I had water to drink) was a little over $13 and absolutely not worth it.  The best part of the meal was the crushed ice in the water (I love crushed ice).  I could make everything I had better at home or jump on 485 and head to either Cracker Barrel or IHOP for better food.  "I ain't goin' back." - Pawpaw C.
3	When this place was Skillets, we came on several occasions and it was always hit or miss. So, when we found out Skillets had closed and a new restaurant was coming in, we had high hopes that this place would be even better than Skillets. After my visit, I don't think that is going to be the case. On my visit, the food was properly prepared and nothing was outright bad, but it wasn't great either.  It was ok. However, I thought the menu options were "meh" and the prices were a bit higher than other comparable breakfast/brunch places in the area. I opted to go with the veggie omelet which included spinach, goat cheese, mushrooms, and diced tomatoes. (I think it was either 8.99 or 9.99) This comes with potatoes and an English muffin. The first couple of bites of my omelet were sort of bland because the ingredients were sort of clumped together instead of being spread throughout the omelet.  One thing that was disappointing is that it was sort of "watery" (?!) and I had to move my English muffin away from the omelet so it wouldn't get soggy... not good!  But as I got to the center of the omelet, I actually began to get some of the flavors from the goat cheese & veggies that improved the overall taste.  As the other reviewers have mentioned, the potatoes taste like bland frozen potatoes... definitely needs improvement! Also, the English muffin was "meh" as well. They should serve a better quality of English muffin.  Also, they don't leave the jams/jellies on the table, so you will have to request it.  On the "plus side", our service was pretty good, I thought the portion size was ok, and we did not have a long wait to be seated.  Another plus is that they do not charge an upcharge if you want your omelet made from egg whites (many other places do charge extra for that).I would consider giving this place another try if I had a great coupon or some other incentive. But quite honestly, I would be more inclined to go to Le Peep or Brigs before coming back here...
2	If you're expecting the Broken Egg experience as found in Destin, you'll be disappointed.  My eggs for eggs Benedict were overcooked, and the potatoes were straight from a bag in the freezer (unlike Destin where they were prepared in house).  Service was good and food was okay, but definitely not what I was expecting.
2	I heard so much about this place. Seen the long line when it opened up and gave some time for the crowds to slow down, and bugs to be worked out. I went in yesterday for lunch with higher than average expectations, just to be pretty dissapointed. Food was average at best. I'll take IHOP over this place any time. Skillets was much better. I ordered from the breakfast menu, two eggs over easy, home fries, toast and sausage patties. Average crowd for lunch. No wait. Place was half empty, so there should be no excuse for making mistakes. Sausage patties were two average tasting, squashed down, meatballs. One of the eggs came out broken and yolk fried hard. Instead of toast, I got english muffin. way too many mistakes on one plate and not so busy lunch. No quality control. No chef or food expediter should have ever let plate like that leave the kitchen. A form of a redemption came in the form of bringing out additional toast and giving me 50% off.All in all, with all the competition and choices around Ballantyne, if its up to me making a decision, I am not going back there.
2	This place suuuucked! Wanted to try a new breakfast restaurant since I was tired of going to the same ones all the time, so thought I'd try this place. We were seated in a back room where the tables were literally right up against each other. There was no on right next to us so I thought it would be ok. 5 mins later they sat someone right up against us. I don't understand this... Why do hostesses think anyone wants to sit right against another full table. My back was literally 1 inch from the guy next to me. Very uncomfortable! We ordered our food.. I got a French toast combo and the wife got an omelette and potatoes. The potatoes were tasteless.  They basically were just French fries with no seasoning. Horrible. The omelette was just bleh...  French toast was also just bleh.. Had no taste at all. The homemade sausage patties were ok, but way over seasoned. They tasted more like a meatball. Very weird. Everything was just barely ok... But far from good.  The only thing I liked was the coffee. Total bill for my wife, 2 young kids, and myself was over $50. Way overpriced for breakfast... Especially a tasteless one. I wouldn't recommend or go back.
3	Tried it for lunch. Our 1st time here. Almost empty. My wife just had gum surgery so we tried a place where we could order "soft" food. Her pancakes were very good, large and flavorful. My chicken salad was so so. Didn't care for the flavor. One note of caution: soft drinks are pricey-&2.69 is pretty steep.
4	My husband went to Another Broken Egg in Louisana and really liked it.  So, he was excited to see them expanding into Charlotte.   When we heard that this location and South Park had both opened, we read the reviews on both and decided to try South Park first based on the unfavorable reviews for this location.  (I've posted a review for the South Park location, too)  However, when we received a Coupon deal, we decided to give this location a try since it's significantly closer to home.   We're so glad we did!   The service was excellent and the food was delicious!   Thankfully, we didn't experience any of the issues that have been posted here!My husband and I are trying watch our waistlines so we decided to share a dish.  We had the Huevos Rancheros and it was delicious and more than enough for us to share.  We also ordered a side of fruit and was pleasantly surprised by the fruit selection...fresh raspberries, sliced cantaloupe, sliced kiwi, and sliced pears.  The fruit was very fresh and quite substantial for a "side".   The coffee was also quite good.  Next time we visit, I will be sure to take a picture of the Heuvos Rancheros to post here.  It looked as fantastic as it tasted!  Our server was very friendly and attentive.  She was also happy to answer the handful of questions that we had about the menu.   During our meal, the Manager also stopped by our table to check on us and to ask if we enjoyed our meal.  She was very friendly, too!The prices here are comparable to other local breakfast restaurants.  So, no complaints there either. I do need to say...I wish that Yelp had the option of giving a 1/2 star, because I probably would have gone with 4.5 stars instead of 4 and only for one reason....all of the food is fresh, but it appears that the breakfast potatoes are not made fresh.  Don't get me wrong, they were still very tasty and we ate them all, but fresh potatoes really would have kicked the rating to 5 stars for me.  So let me say...in my opinion, this should be a 4.5 star rating, but that wasn't an option...so I need to go with 4 stars.  If they had fresh potatoes, the rating would have been 5 stars.We've been searching for a go-to breakfast place for several years and it looks like we may have found it.  Finally!    I can only hope that our future visits will be as good as our first one was.  (Keeping fingers crossed!)
2	Three of us dined here for breakfast yesterday morning. always better during the weekend, no wait. This was our first experience, we had a dealsaver coupon. initial service was good but dropped off when we needed refills, waitress was MIA.The food is fair and a little overpriced, but then this is Ballantyne area. Eggs benedict were very good, the potatoes that comes with everything were tasteless.Poached eggs were underdone, the whites were runny....returned and cooked right. Pancakes and waffles also good. Strange though, if you want real maple syrup its an extra $1.59. Overall, this place is just ok. If you go on weekends, the wait time can be 45 mins.
2	The omelet is ok 'pancakes  is saggy  waffles is not good .
5	Food and service was great! Everything was very fresh tasting and cooked perfectly. Our server was very attentive and helpful when we had questions. Definitely one of my go to breakfast places in Ballantyne.
2	I got a plate of Bacon and eggs(2) with home fries with a toasted bagel, which was not in the menu.  Simple and plain nothing can go bad with bacon n egg.  The problem was the "Fresh" orange juice was not fresh as the ones I'm more familiar with, but I did not wanted to make fuss out of it.  I almost flipped out of my chair when I got the bill.  $10.48 for bacon n eggs (little pricey), $7.78 for 2 small cups of Orange Juice????!!!!!  This is my first review in Yelp, I never cared to leave comments but i hope anybody that choose to drink OJ over a coffee for breakfast, like me, should walk in with a bottle of Tropicana and walk out with it.
4	Very excited to try this place as we had never been before. This location is huge and we had no wait for a table this Sunday morning. Our waitress was efficient and friendly. The food was excellent and no complaints at all. The biscuit beignets were out of this world served warm with homemade marmalade. It was the favorite part of our entire meal but not free so you have to pay for them (I would eat the whole plate myself if they were free).Hubby went with the Floridian omelet that comes with breakfast potatoes. He had a side of Andouille sausage and was very pleased with his meal.I went all out and had the Cinnamon roll French toast, which was delicious as well.The hand glazed mugs they use for coffee are very cute and you can purchase them. My only complaint is that it was a very expensive breakfast with the sides we ordered, and not something we would do all of the time.
3	Came here for brunch the day after Xmas, it was pretty busy but didn't have to wait too long. Got the black bean eggs Benedict with the chipotle hollandaise and, besides the poached eggs being underdone, the flavors were pretty good. Noticed the appearance of the potatoes on other tables walking in, so opted to substitute grits instead, and was so glad I did. We also ordered some of the biscuit beignets to share at the table, and they were pretty disappointing, the dough was extremely dense and heavy, and I couldn't get past the first one I ate. Also took a star off for the service. I'm not a fan of waiting by committee, and it lead to a lot of confusion, as we were left waiting for condiments, side orders, and drinks a little too long. For the prices they charge for a breakfast, I'd expect service to be a lot more on point.
4	First visit to ABE since they opened.  Busy parking lot on Sunday morning. We were greeted by a friendly host staff that told us it would be 10 minutes.  Asked if we could sit at the counter if open; they handed us menus and said go right ahead! The place was hoppin but our waitress Amber got to us right away.  When she went for our beverages, another friendly smile asked if we had been helped yet too.I like the variation in menu ingredients compared to the average basics usually served.  I ordered The Popeye, a spinach, egg and baked bacon skillet, served with country potatoes and an English muffin ($10.49).  I asked for a side pancake, like just one to try, and was told I had to order a single pancake, 9" for $3.49! That must be one special recipe or flour they use!But I will say that there was more food than I could eat, and I had just worked out.  Everything was served hot and we like their coffee mugs.  My only complaint was that the country potatoes/home fries were frozen cubes that were deep fried and not seasoned at all. Very disappointing.We'll return but share a meal.  Our tab was $27, no crab, Hollandaise or other special meats. Wish they would offer half portions.
5	Great breakfast and lunch spot! Food is delicious, menu is extensive and service is great. Sweet potato pancake, skinny omelet, breakfast quinoa, and sausage patty are all fabulous! A definite go to in Ballantyne.
4	I have to start off by saying this, I don't really do breakfast. Because of that, when my family does breakfast, it is a large group of people (15+) that descend upon a restaurant and cause havoc for everyone involved. With that being said, I found ABE a very nice break from the normal restaurant feel.  Upon walking into the restaurant, you realize that there are several rooms spread about the interior, giving a smaller restaurant feel when you are seated. The menu is a little limited, however every one of the offerings we had were nicely prepared and seasoned properly.   The menu prices seemed a little on the steep side for breakfast, but as the food came out, I realized that the serving sizes were appropriate for the pricing.  All in all, everyone was quite pleased with the food that they received, and was extremely happy with the staff that took care of us.
5	Great service, yummy food, and honest people. I left my wallet there yesterday with lots of cash and called today and they had it there waiting for me untouched. Thank you, thank you, thank you!
3	Eh . . I'm not sure. After hearing the rest of my family rave about it for weeks I finally had the chance to try it when I was in town visiting mom.  At 10:30am on Friday there was only a very short wait. After we were seated. It took a while for our  drink order to be taken but that's not a big deal. The coffee was very good and the beignets are SO good, seriously. . . order yourself some beignets you will NOT be sorry. After that things sort of went down hill for me. Mom's omelet was very good. My beef and seafood benedict just . . . wasn't. The English muffin was soggy and rubbery. The crab/seafood mixture was awfully 'fishy' and the hollandaise sauce was really REALLY lemony and didn't sort well at all with the crab/seafood mixture. The beef was very good but didn't really make up for the soggy rubbery English muffin. All in all just not good. I'm aware that some of this may just be me ordering poorly. But I've had lots of benedicts in lots of different places and the good ones always have a nice cutable with a fork English muffin. I'm very willing to try them again and am totally open to giving them 4 stars but for now I'm going to go with 3. They are also a bit on the expensive side 40 something dollars for breakfast for two and an appetizer seems a bit much. But it is Ballantyne so . . yeah. I'll be back (if for no other reason for the beignets) but so far I'm not really whelmed by anything else.
5	Celiac friendly gluten free pancake for my wife, awesome coffee and omelette with chorizo sausage and sour cream for me. Gets busy on weekends.
4	We got the chance to eat here on our way out of town. The selection was perfect for our group of diverse tastes. My husband got a hamburger for breakfast and my dad ordered the lobster omelet (said it was delicious, though it sounds gross). They also had a selection of gluten free choices! The gluten free pancake with berries was great! Kids had typical pancakes and eggs- neither really ate well, but they are kids and you can't always count on them to be big eaters. The older child asked for chocolate chips on her pancake and they happily obliged. Only draw back, I had to ask for a refill of coffee every time, and the children's drinks got ignored completely. Though otherwise it was great!!!
5	Loved this place ! A little pricey but the menu variety and food were the difference! The atmosphere and unique table settings add to the experience - but mainly the food- all of it was wonderful ! Great place to enjoy breakfast or lunch ! Not your average eggs & bacon joint ... Lots of wonderful unique dishes ! And by the way - their dishes were all too cute ! Loved the coffee cups ! Don't miss this place ! Two thumbs way up
5	Great weekday breakfast for the companies nearby - service has always been pretty good and coffee is good!!!  They offer mini beignets which are "ok" - but I'd suggest skipping and ordering your meal - it comes quick, so there's no need for the "breakfast appetizer" ;) I think some of the staff came from Briggs, which is good - I always loved that place. I've never ordered the gluten free pancake here, but I hear it's fantastic - I always get the oh-so-reliable omelette.... Tasty and HOT! My son (toddler) gets the oatmeal and eats every last bite (it's the good oatmeal - none of that quick oats nonsense!
5	Extraordinary quality and great service. Bacon perfect, eggs perfect, English muffin perfect. My favorite, though, was the grits. Best I've ever had. Coffee was okay; a little strong for my tastes. I highly recommend this restaurant.
1	Waited over 40 minutes for an omelette. Food was good,  but not worth the price. And definitely not worth the wait.
1	ABEC is usually good, but lately, with the restaurant being overcrowded, the quality of service AND WORKERS has gone all the way downhill. More than likely never to return to being good. This morning, as many Sunday mornings, I called in my order. Same as usual, Bacon, Egg & Cheese on toasted bread. The only thing I asked for in regards to the eggs, are Egg Whites. They can never get it right, So when I get  back home, I am sorely disappointed!!!!So today, I arrive 10 minutes AFTER (late) the girl said the order would be ready. Since I know how they roll over there with counter service. I land at the front counter, and as always there is no host behind the counter because the place is PACKED with people standing inside and outside.Usually my food is sitting there next to the computer, waiting for me. Not this time.I did overhear that they are short staffed and people are always calling out.OK, so now, there are workers all over the place and one guy comes behind the pick up counter to go to the  ordering computer/system. He looks at me and keeps it moving. Never once asking if I need anything. Never really recognizes that I am standing there looking stupid, for assistance, but he keeps it moving. The same with ALL the girls at the intake counter, right behind me. I mean if I am standing there looking like I need help, do they even offer any? NOPE!I contemplated to myself, if I should just walk out & leave and let them eat the  food themselves and waste my order. Since there was no service to me.So, after about 10 minutes of standing there looking stupid, I turn around and ask the girl (the same one that I have seen  all the time standing there, and she saw me looking stupid) if my order for pickup is ready. She asks my name. I mean come on!She goes to talk to a woman who brings two bags from the back out. It wasn't that she thought I ordered the pancakes w. Syrup...no. It's that the fool who ordered pancakes are going to get home and realize they are probably ICE COLD!!! Oh yeah, that person wasn't there either! He/She probably tipped them  about $10.00 extra for the "great" service. LMAO!Ok, so now on to the order itself. I mean it comes up to the same amount every time: $8.22. This time I opted NOT to give a tip on the receipt! And do you people notice that's the first thing they look at when you hand them back the signed receipt??? And I wonderfully walked out!Ok, for the past few months, it's been the same kind of "service" at this place. And it all seems to be ok, judging by the clientele that comes in, they have no problem with being overlooked! NOT me!So as usual when I get home and open the carton, the sandwich is warm. Decent.Now, let's look at THE CONTENTS...The sandwich is cut diagonally. However, I notice this doesn't have egg whites. Just regular yellow eggs.Usually the bacon is blackened to a crisp - literally burned. Not today. It's just overcooked and really crispy (almost burned) to the bite.Now as upset as I am, I'm not going to make a scene, since I am home..lol.I go to break apart the sandwich, but notice that the bread on both sides is positioned WRONG (upside down)! It's cut diagonally on the bottom ( top of bread facing right), but the top piece (top of bread facing left) , it's completely turned in the opposite direction. So, it doesn't match up. Which means they have stupid people working there!Now I am hungry.  I just paid $8.22 and I am going to eat it.I know a man made my food, because women are not disoriented like this. They are very precise and organized and orderly about things.And can I tell you out of every restaurant I went to in this Ballantyne/Piper Glen area where men prepared something, I have been disappointed EVERY TIME! The men that work in these places have no skills in the kitchen out here (most recently Applebees across from my apt on Piper Station Dr.).  AND I AM A MAN!I really need to return to cooking @ home. But I'm a single man who lives alone, with no nagging wife or spoiled kids. I expect the best when I order out.I can't do this with this place anymore..I'm done! I will gladly continue to go to my lil Light-rail  Diner on Sharon Lakes Rd and South Blvd! That place gets it RIGHT EVER YTIME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Never a disappointment!Maybe because the workers are EXPERIENCED and older. These young people are a lost cause!UGH!
5	Egg - cellent omelette s!  I had a bacon and sausage combo.  I'm not a big fan of the usual home fries that come with breakfast dishes, these were different.  Everything was well presented, fresh and tasty.   And the service was friendly.  I had the omelette for lunch.
4	I'm sitting in this place right now.  I just had a great omelette; they call it the Baquezo, and it is wonderful!The service was great, the food was great...I have no complaints at all.A word of advice - DON'T GO TO BRUNCH ON SUNDAY IN CHARLOTTE.  99% of the city goes to church, then breakfast/brunch.  Every restaurant in the city is packed to the rafters, and everything suffers (food, service, etc.).  No restaurant is a positive experience on Sunday mornings here.
4	Ecclectic Creative Breakfast MenuFirst time we went to an Another Broken Egg Cafe was earlier this summer in Vinings Ga when we went down for our Grandson's birthday and baptism.  Enjoyed it and since we were down in the Ballentyne area, decided to give this one a try as well.Biggest difference between the Vinings locaiton and this one is the level of energy.  Vinings appers to be smaller and more crowded so the servers have to be more fast paced.  This location is bit more spread out and the pace of the service is a bit slower but this would only be a problem if you were on a tight time budget.  That said, it's not slow service but rather, you don't feel quite as rushed.My wife ordered a Veggie Burger with a side of Fruit. She like both and was particulary pleased that the side of fruit had more than just melons in it.  In Vinings, she had had an omelet that was called a Floridian which looked great so I tired that for breakfast. It's a stuffed omelet with Cream Cheese as one of the filling and it was indeed very good.It's a good menu and the food is well prepared and excellent service.  Ballentyne is a bit of a hike from Cornelius, but next time we are in the area, we will be back.
1	No stars.  Should not be affiliated with ABE Cafe's found along the Gulf Coast.  Hard beignets, burnt toast, lukewarm food with no garnishment.  Steak N Shake has much better skillets!  Service is okay.  Obvious why there is no wait during peak brunch times.  We went on a Saturday and the place was a ghost town.
2	Just OK. Way too expensive for the mediocre food you get. There's not much else to say. I would say Cracker Barrel is three times better and five times cheaper. Also, slow kitchen here.
4	I am all about breakfast and brunch... I am also guilty of doing "breakfast" for dinner on occasion.  Another Broken Egg has been on my radar for a while and I have had several visits.  Each visit has never disappointed.I do remember this place was another breakfast place at one point, but it seems that the new owners put their own touches to the place.  The wood paneling (originally just natural, stained wood) is painted with warm cozy colors.  The tables are copper with wood trim and are very clean.  It's almost like the place gives you a nice, grandma style hug to welcome you in.They do have a rather extensive menu, but their signature items are marked with a small broken eggshell icon.  I highly recommend the shrimp and grits!  Also the Benedict Oscar is super awesome.  I'm a bit obsessed with poached eggs (mostly because I can't do them myself at home.... yet), but toss in some steak, asparagus, crab, and Bearnaise sauce, and you get one hell of a breakfast!The servers are super super nice and just always a treat to eat here.  Probably my only complaint would be how popular the place can get so there could be a substantial wait depending on when you get there in the morning during peak breakfast weekend hours.
2	I've gone here about twice only because I really wanted to some grits and a biscuit.  Neither were that great.  The grits:  overly salted, lumpy, and too runny.  The biscuit: decent enough as far as biscuits go.  Didn't disappoint but didn't delight me either.  The potatoes:  way too salty for my taste.  Maybe I'm sensitive to salt, but you guys really need to monitor that. I know it's breakfast food but at least be mindful of the sodium. I had no problems with the service on each of my visit, but I'm unlikely to return again.
5	Excellent food and drinks, place is clean and staff is very friendly. Best breakfast spot in Ballantyne. Have been here many times and never had an issue. If you're looking for a great spot to eat breakfast this is the place!
