5	I love this place, it the only place you can get specialty teas the you can make yourself.  And I do recommend you take the loose tea home and brew it yourself, because if they brew it for you your kids will be feeling the effects.  You do have the option, though of picking out a tea and having them make it for you in one of their nifty brewing cups.  But it will be very strong, I'm just warning you.The selection here can't be beat though.  Just about any flavor or herb that can be soaked in hot water and consumed can be found here.  One of my favorites is the Japanese cherry blossom tea, also the jasmine dragon tea with pheonix pearls is very nice.  They also offer free samples around the store of various types of tea, so you can see if you like it.
3	I'm giving this place 3 stars because it is overpriced and hardly any of the staff is knowledgeable about tea, but is good in a pinch when you can't wait for the mail or you are at the mall.  I've heard that there is another good tea store near Carmel and 51, but I haven't been there.  I hate to be cranky about this, I know they have more overhead and expensive rent and blah, blah, blah...  I'm fine for paying a little more for the tea, but to try to shake me down for an extra $4-8 for a tin is kinda slimy.  Most of the online stores will give you the tin for free or charge you a minimal fee.  Just go to www.adagio.com and get good bulk tea at low rates.  The samples are pretty cheap and the quality is the best out there.  Oh, and the girl at Teavana told me that masala chai is what people use in India to make tea.  I told her that I'm Indian and make chai every day with plain strong black tea, sugar, fresh ginger, milk, and tea masala...  she said that she has been to India and they usually didn't put milk in tea.  Phew, I do sound grumpymeanandcranky, don't I?  I hate to write "I'm Indian and I know better" reviews, but this one irritated me.  Blerg.
4	Great service each time I've stopped in. My tea knowledge consisted of going to a grocery store and picking up a box of pre-packaged tea bags. Teavana is a completely different experience.Plan to spend some time getting familiar with all the combinations of loose leaf tea your mind can create. Teavana has lots of spices, herbs, flowers, and leaves in large tins on the wall. It is overwhelming! Let them pick something out for you or design a flavor on your own.There are a lot of tea pots to choose from. Big to small, they have a good variety. One of my highlights was picking out a tea tin. Beware, you will leave with a steep bill...the tea is not cheap, nor are the accessories.There are lots of teas to sample in this little store and you can also get them to make you hot or iced tea to go.
2	Nice selection....but he staff was not very helpful or knowledgeable about the tea they had...Seems like I get a used salesman pitch about some special..
1	Went back a couple days ago...I don't have anything good to say about the salespeople so...Tea still seems way...way over priced. I would recommend many of the fine Asian markets around Charlotte.
2	Teavanna's tea products are amazing-I haven't found a Jasmine tea in teabag form that compares to the experience I've had in Thai restaurants like Teavanna's oolong jasmine tea.  The tea has a strong jasmine flavor, not a 'hint' of jasmine like bagged teas.  With that being said, one need approach buying tea at Teavanna with as much suspicion as buying a used car.  They rope you in with free tea samples and then proceed to ask if its your first time at Teavanna.  From that point, you have SUCKER written on your forehead.  I was shown three different jasmine teas and was nudged to purchase the most expensive one.  The salesman extolled the virtues of the special tea canister-it supposedly keeps the tea fresh.  The clerk asked me if I wanted a pound and then weighed it out on the scale: $115!!! I had him to return some of it to the storage bin and my order came to $49 with a tea canister and tax. The clerk tried to get me to buy a porcelain tea pot because it maintains optimal heat or something to that effect.  At least I knew to purchase that at the local Asian food store ($6 for a glass teapot at Super G).  When I looked at the catalog with my purchase, I found that they actually have 2 canisters.  The smaller one, which would have fit my purchase better, was $4.50 as opposed to $7.  Do you think the clerk told me that? NOPE.  Unless you're looking to spend an outrageous sum on tea, I would recommend finding a REPUTABLE Asian foods store or tea shop.  The salespeople are sales are paid on commission (as an inside source informed me) and thus their knowledge is always spun in favor of you making a big purchase.  Approach this store with caution-they look out for incredulous, bourgeois South Park customers who can afford to drop some $$$ at the recommendations of tea specialists.
3	Pushy salespeople make me want to cut someone. If I am in your store (in a mall) 4 days before Christmas I'm not there to look; I'm there to get a gift (or at least a revitalizing cup of tea for myself). If you hover when I ask for some time to read your catalog and then try to up-sell me to an item 3x my budget that "someone" might be you.The tea and selection was exactly as quality as I was expecting, which is sorta the point of a chain. I happen to like this chain so really their sales girl robed them of a 4 star review. Pity.The cashier actually WAS helpful, suggesting a comparable alternative and explaining the differences when the tea I selected was out of stock. This gives me hope that I just got the irritating apple in the Teavana South Park bunch.
2	The sales guy who helped me was a know-it-all so I ended up not purchasing anything because of his snotty attitude. The best part was him trying to sell me on purchasing a more expensive tea to go with another because the other one that I was interested in was 2x less and said it really wasn't tea. Riiiight. Small, cramped and horrible service. I felt rushed the whole time as if he had tons of customers in the store when the other 2 were already being helped or he had something better to do like whiff more loose tea in his face. You're better off ordering online than dealing with this location's unpleasant employees.
3	I've appreciated Teavana's selection of tea because Charlotte really has a dearth of good tea shops. I was spoiled growing up in the Boston area and being able to shop at Tealuxe in Cambridge. Anyhow before I headed out to Southpark Mall this morning I had gone online to see what looked interesting. I chose 5 teas but only bought 4 because the salesperson was too pushy. I hate people that say that every tea is their favorite, especially the higher priced teas. If its tough for me to afford expensive tea why would I believe that a retail clerk could afford it, discount or not. Also if I want to sample a tea I've never had before why would I order a pound of it?I bought Earl Grey Creme, Capital of Heaven Keemun, Golden Monkey & the taster tea was Sinful... Hmm Slimful Chocolate Decadence. I thought it said Sinful on Teavana's website. Now I'm doubly glad that I didn't order a pound of it. I was initially going to buy pounds of each but settled for a pound of the Earl Grey Creme & 1/2lbs of the other two. Daniel being pushy was mainly the reason for me not spending more money. I don't like being rushed.The clerk was way too chipper for a Thursday morning. His name, according to the sales receipt, was Daniel R. I'll make sure that the next time I visit I don't have to experience his Red Bull frenzy of pushy salesmanship.The Golden Monkey is excellent despite its spendy price per ounce.Strangely the last thing Daniel said to me before I left the shop was some gobbledegook about me buying the tea for investment!?! Dude, its tea. The leaves will be steeped and later thrown into my garden. I'll savor the flavor as I daydream but its hardly an investment. I had to rate this encounter at three stars because of Daniel. Normally I would rate Teavana higher. Their selection of teas is excellent & normally the salespeople I've interacted with have been laid back & personable.I was surfing on Amazon.com earlier in the week & noticed that they carry Teavana teas too! Just something to remember.
1	I am an absolute tea lover.  I would have been a dream customer for them- I have a cup of tea every night.  I have always shopped at the art of tea but my niece who also loves tea had been raving about Teavana told me I MUST go.  So I did and the youthberry tea I tried was Fabulous, went right in intending to spend some $$ until the former used car salesman that was "helping" me started the high pressure sales job.  I dont blame them, these things start from the top so thats how they must train their employees but I absolutely couldnt stand it.  She was just all over me.I was still going to buy a little because I loved that youthberry and I adore blooming teas- but then she told me they don't sell just one tin of the flowering tea I wanted- "its reallly such a great deal to buy the $80 gift set"  then I said, I dont want to be pushed into that, I'll just take 2 oz of the youthberry...... and she tells me ok, but you have to buy our special vaccum sealed tin to hold it in... but great news, you can bring it back and next time they wont make you buy another one.  Well woo hoo, isnt that exciting??  She said the tea would lose its flavor ...blah blah... well if a customer wants to take that chance put it in a zip bag like art of tea sends me and let them do it! Teavana- you have some amazing tea- but your business model is going to piss people off.  Get peoples money buy selling great tea, how people want it, in any bag they want it.  Do tea of the month clubs and discounts, customer loyalty programs...  people that are willing to spend your prices on tea REALLY love tea so they will respond to those kinds of repeat buying.  But scaring them off with annoying salespeople and forced purchases is not going to fly.  I will not be back.For my fellow tea-lovers and reviewers that were equally annoyed by these crazy tea  pushers try art of tea- I buy it online.  Still expensive but without the annoyance!
5	This is my favorite place to get different Teas, though it is no place to enjoy the Tea (no tables, no chairs).This is my favorite place to look at Tea pots.  Great Designs and Great variety, though the prices are a little high, you can find the exact pots for less.Here are my Favorites: Jasmine Oolong (Green) sweetened has a "Pez" candy flavor.Snow Giesha (white) has a wild Cherry flavor.Zocalatte Spice (herbal infusion) has a Chocolate flavor.Rooibos Tropica (Red and Green Blend) has an exotic "Punch" flavor.You can buy a single serving and they will brew and sweeten it for you!  A single serving is not a "cup of tea" (in my way of thinking this small is about three times as much Tea as I would drink at one time so I'll say it is enough for me to share)!Medium/High Pressure from the employees (it kinda makes me laugh) Most of them know me even if they are new and most of them know I'll get what ever I want and will not be pressured in any "effective" way.  Most of the staff are friendly, kind and well trained, meaning most of them are knowledgeable about, their products.  They are also well trained to coax the customer to spend more. For gifts I have bought Tea from here several times and bought more than the recipient used before it was too old.  If I'm buying Tea for someone you can bet (and win) that I know how much Tea they will drink and like me it is less than a weekly cup and mostly on a cold day and a day off (what ever that means).Still this place gets 5 yelp stars because I do not know anywhere that offers the quality and variety that Teavana does in one place.  Though it is in the middle of the Mall I use any excuse to visit South Park Mall and this would be a good one!If you wonder why I have so few photos of this place is their "anti paparazzi policy" they usually leave us alone until we start pulling out cameras, supposedly South Park Mall (according to employees of Teavana) does not want any interior photos shot in any of the stores!
2	The tea is pretty great, no doubt about that. However, the customer service was a little overwhelming and I left a little more than discouraged.I got a blend of their coconut ginger oolong with their maharaja chai Oolong Tea. I love it, I'm trying to ration it even though I got 7 oz. I paid nearly $40 for tea and a canister (that I thought I was required to buy, not knowing that there was a paper bag alternative). I realize as a consumer it's my responsibility to ask questions before purchasing a product but I came in for tea, not a car.The sales associate was nice and enthusiastic. She pulled out at least five containers for me to smell, telling me the health benefits of each of the different types of tea. I noticed the amount per ounce, which, again, not thinking too deeply, allowed her to have her way when scooping. While she was weighing the tea, I could read the amount she had weighed in, but never throughout the weighing process did she tell me how much per ounce or how much the 3~ ounces would cost me. I finally realized I bought more than my intended two ounces per mix when she rang it up. Not cool. Again, the canister thing was what bothered me. She mentioned it was $7 but even with my polite attempt to say that it wasn't really for me, she continued with the, "it's airtight and it'll stay fresh longer!" shtick. I would have stored it in a coffee can or one of my numerous other plastic containers.I give it two stars because the tea is really good.
4	Love Teavana teas.  They have the Youthberry & Wild Orange Blossom, that is sooo delicious! Every now and then, I would swing by for a cup of tea to go and walk around strolling thru the mall with it. Like other reviews, I did feel a bit misled. I had bought a bag of my favorite tea and felt I did not the the full flavor it was supposed to be. I found out later when I went to the store to buy more, that they had to mix 2 different teas herbs to make it. The nice and friendly cashier offered to put them in 2 separate containers, and I could mix them myself. I thought that was nice, but rang me up for 2 containers!! I felt misled ( + $80 ) **sniff sniff** and I wished I was informed of the additional cost! But nevertheless, I do love that tea a lot. So I give it 4, because the cashier was not up front about it.I know for next time, to ask and be thorough and know what I am getting into!
1	This place has ok tea but the price was rediculous and then the keep trying to upsale me. If I would have bought just 3 of the things they asked about I would have spent $100 for only a few ounces of tea.
5	Goodness, it has been a loooong time since I went to Teavana. After my usual tea guy, John, left all of the old employees became quite b*tchy, thus is why I left, however after starting to go Teavana again recently, the staffs has totally gotten better (if you're reading this, John, then I have to say thanks for coming back!) Well back to the main point. Teavana barista are super friendly and are good at what they do (which can be persuasion or making a cup of tea, or five in my case). I don't know about the rest of the yelpers but I think their tea are quite affordable. But hey, that's just my opinion.
4	If you're a fan of flavorful teas and tea blends and you like the idea of blending different teas, then you'll enjoy teavana. They have white, green, oolong, black, herbal, rooibos, mate, even blooming tea. And they have various tea accessories such as tea sets and travel mugs. You can sample different teas or even purchase a hot cup of tea if you're on the go. The staff is pretty nice and informative and if you shop there often you'll get mailings and emails for coupons and stuff. It can be a bit pricey here, not only for tea, but also for their tea sets, so just a heads up. But the quality is top notch, and you can taste the difference. It really is premium quality. We like to stock up around the holidays when there are specials/discounts and such.
2	Tried to return a gift I had received here only to be told managers can do returns (what!?), so when I asked if I can see the manager they said he was out, I asked when he was returning, they said they didn't know. The teas are good but not worth the hassle of going into the mall, dealing with the staff, and paying an arm and a leg for a 2oz bag of tea.
3	I frequented Teavana during my short stays in Charlotte as it was across the street and delicious. Seemed like it was consistently busy but not overly crowded. The employees were very friendly and fast. Better than going to Starbucks. It can be a bit pricey, just to warn people. My favorite was the Youthberry or Orange Blossom.
3	Love all Teavana's but this one needs some better employees. I didn't expect much since it is in South Park or should I say snobville! The teas will always be good though!
1	I had a similar experience to Katherine F. I believe it was the same guy. At first, he seemed upset that I just wanted to buy a fresh brewed cup of tea, imagine that! Then I asked for Green tea, he asked "What kind?". So I asked him what kind they had and he said "Well we have hundreds of teas, you can chose one of the many in green". Fine, I chose a Jasmine and his response "Oh well if you want that one, I recommend the higher quality blah blah". Instead I decided I wanted one of their Earl Grey teas, to which he responded "Why would you want Earl Grey". I chose to ignore this as I had my 9 mth old strapped to me at the time and finished my order.I will say the woman who served me the tea and operated the register was very nice and friendly. However, the other guy needs a serious education in customer service to him
4	This place is really cool. They provide amazing tasting tea with decent service. The shop is clean and the products are all laid out very neatly and organized. The employees seemed nice but rather pushy. Overall I did enjoy this place. They could work on there customer service a bit more. I will definitely be going back.
