4	I love this place. They have booths and booths filled to the brim with old jewelry, discarded photos, memorabilia of all kinds, china, dolls, books, paintings, etc. It's a bit difficult to get people who aren't also interested in antiques and collectibles and vintage to stay long enough to experience the whole place, as it is huge. I've purchased handfuls of brooches from the 50s-60s with original enamel and jewels for less than five bucks a pop. I'm always getting ideas from old beer coasters and portraits.
4	I've been looking for antique china cabinets, side boards and bookshelves for my front room; and I have a general idea of the look I'm going for. This is the first genuine antique store I have been too and...wow! this place is huge! The main store has a full basement underneath the first floor and both are filled wall to wall with 100s of displays. There is also an annex to the west of the main store which has an over flow of items. Both of the buildings are run down. The main store reminds me of a large dance hall, it has a big, open staircase leading down to the basement just to the left of the front door. From the basement there are two staircases going back up to the first floor, one on the east side and the other on the west side of the building. Both buildings were well light and the pathways (I say pathways, not aisles for a reason) were clean and easy to walk through. Along with my friend, I brought my two puppies and they had no problem letting me walk around with my animals - animal friendly is always a plus!! Both stores were a bit disorganized and my OCD sensors were on overdrive, but I think most of the merchandise is still owed by individuals...so all their stuff is in the same booth area. I'm sure Antique Plaza gets a percentage of the sales. Oh and I would like to mention that Antique Plaza was like the only store open on Labor Day (which was when I visited the stores). Walking through the different booths and looking at some of the pieces brought back memories of my childhood, events, good times and at times I had moments of awe for some unique beauties that were displayed. I didn't find what I was looking for, but I had a really fun time exploring what some call treasures and some call junk...check it out if you are in the neighborhood, who knows? You may find something you haven't thought about in a really long time. Yay for good memories!! And yay I'm a fan of Antique Plaza!
5	They have items for all budgets and it is just a good time browsing.  As the other reviewers said, this place is HUGE!  I have been twice and have still not seen it all.  I want to go back and explore downstairs more.  I feel old when I see toys I played with selling as antiques.
5	I just visited the antique plaza a few days ago, and I was in Heaven!  I felt like time stopped, as I walked around from corner to corner, top to bottom (2 stories), admiring all the antiques and treasures.  It was sensory overload, and makes me just want to go back again and again.  Be prepared to spend a while touring this place.
3	Strange - I was kind of disappointed in this place. I appreciated that it was open on Sunday (this area is a ghost town on Sundays), but it was relatively empty and most of the stuff was not very interesting. I will come back soon. Maybe I just caught them at a bad time.
5	Simply one of the best antique malls I've visited. It is a MASSIVE 2-story shop and has a little bit of everything. There is a lot of junk but also a ton of treasures so don't be afraid to do some digging. The staff aren't experts in the field so you don't have to worry about getting bent over on prices (this also means that they aren't extremely knowledgeable though either, so you'll be on your own).I highly recommend this place!
4	Your grandparents retired to Leisure World and now all their stuff is on sale at the Antique Plaza. At least that what it feels like when you walk in here.The store is separated into vendor stalls so the selection changes wildly at every turn, from a 1920's roll-top desk, to a 1940's milk glass collection, to a 1970's Star Trek board game.  Guess which one of those three I want for Christmas.Note, don't be afraid to ask if you think something is overpriced.
3	One of the largest antique malls I have been to, but definitely not the greatest. I always find that antique malls are great to come to because you will find things you never knew you wanted. There are two stories to this mall and a hidden room that is fun to go into and possibly haunted??The reason for the three stars is this: items are very dusty and at times, dirty and stained (I think they could swiffer a little if they are putting things up for sale no?), I saw a lot of items that were recent products but were trying to be passed off as antiques with the price to boot. They have a LOT of old toys, star trek memorabilia, and costume jewelry. It is worth a stop but you can find a nicer and cleaner selection at Merchant Square in Chandler.
3	Definitely the largest antique mall I've come across so far, but it's so cluttered and honestly some of that stuff doesn't look worth selling. It is cool that it has TWO stories, and this weird backroom area with dolls that scare the bejesus out of me. :p it's interesting to go to though, there is definitely always going to be something you want that will end up a drawer probably.
4	This place is a ton of fun.  With 2 levels of booths, I've spent hours browsing though all of the stuff.  We come here every once in a while to see what's new in the booths. On my most recent visit a booth was selling some old arcade games....wanted to buy one, but the Wifey wouldn't allow it.  Something about no room in the house or some nonsense like that.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/antique-plaza-mesa?select=kQbfss6VYg1uHHiayYnwOA#kQbfss6VYg1uHHiayYnwOAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/antique-plaza-mesa?select=fe9ygayozwmALH1k0dyexA#fe9ygayozwmALH1k0dyexAThe staff here is mostly friendly.  When they get busy, a couple of them get an attitude.  Parking is easy....there's a lot in the back of the shopping mall or you can park on the street around the corner.Overall, it's always a good time.Return Factor - 86.5%
5	My go-to zen place. If you want to know where time goes to die, well, it's here. It's huge and there are so many fun nooks and crannies. I appreciate that it is a true antique mall, as opposed to other places that are a showpiece for crafts (ahem Merchant Square ahem). Antique Malls are known for their warm and fuzzy customer service, but this place often has popcorn, cake, and lemonade for their customers. Don't forget to visit the annex...a couple doors west!
4	This is probably one of my favorite Antique stores. I'm not one for expensive or overly priced used items, so it's hard to find a new Antique store with cool items at good prices, but since this store is so big (two floors and third "side" room), it has such a large variety of venders that absolutely anyone can find something they like. I've bought something every time I've come here, including beer glasses and mugs, pocket watches, clocks, mirrors and some paintings too. But honestly, they have everything under the sun. So go check them out.
