4	What's happening to this place?? It looks as though they are going out of business. I got a 'Living Social' coupon for my wife. Last Saturday, we went there to redeem it for 1 gal plants. There was zilch. The only plants they had were the lantana so we got four of them.This morning, my wife was going to plant them. I looked at them and they were D-E-A-D, DEAD.We are going to return them either today or tomorrow.09/29/2011: Brought the lantanas back without any questions. One of the workers took us all the way in back of the nursery where they have hundreds. He explained that the worker who sold us the lantanas should have mentioned that they have more to choose from at the back and that the reason there were only a few in front is because they didn't want the excessive temperatures to kill them all. So now I am changing my rating to 4 stars from 2.
5	Fantastic  plants , friendly and informative staff .  We stopped here in February and they identified the cacti in the yard of a new home my son and daughter had just purchased. We went today to buy plants and they were fun, friendly, and happy to help with plant advice .  Spend your money here rather than the big box stores.   You will not regret it Pat C
4	This is a great local business with a very knowledgeable staff. I walk away from Harper's with very reasonably priced plants/trees (the competitor/chain up the road has ridiculous prices for the same trees!) and the know-how to take care of them. Would recommend visiting this place just to tour their lush grounds and relax.
5	Beautiful healthy plants sold by a very knowledgeable and helpful staff. They have lots of yard art to buy and a huge antique barn.
3	Not a very good selection in my opinion.  The service is ok.  There are several other nurseries within a few miles of this place that have a ton more to offer.
5	I love this place.  My kids get to feed the coy if we ask, and they love trying to find the resident cat that lives there.Outside if being a great place to bring my kids, the staff is friendly and knowledgable. They've even caught me making a mistake I didn't know I was making with sweet potatoes and helped me get the right stuff to plant.
1	This review is unfortunately about Jeff Harper at the Mesa location. My extended family and I came over Memorial Weekend and purchased numerous plants from the nursery during the 50% off moving sale. All the plants were doing well except one shrub which started doing poorly and dying the day after bringing it home. The receipt stated "receipt required for returns" so I got my 7 month old son in his car seat, drove the short mile up to the nursery and hauled the car seat and bagged shrub inside. I explained to Jeff how it wasn't doing well at all (all leaves had been fried when the label said "extremely heat tolerant") and asked if I could switch it out for another. He said I bought this on sale so there's no returns. I explained that I didn't know that since the receipt didn't specify sale items were nonreturnable. He said well we assume customers know that. There was no signage anywhere that this moving sale meant final sale with no returns and we weren't notified of that when we purchased the plants either. I went through the trouble of digging the plant up and bringing it back because I honestly thought they would honor what was listed on the receipt and didn't assume everything was final sale, especially with a plant dying the very next day.  When I told him I brought it back because I was basing this on what the receipt said, he interrupted me mid sentence grabbed the bag with the tree, screamed "FINE!!! You know what?! I'll go get another one!!!" And swung his arm as if throwing a discus and threw the plant so violently it flew out of the cashier area door onto a potting bench knocking over and breaking several things. A worker was talking to a customer outside and witnessed it along with everything shattering to the ground. I was in such shock with my baby in his car seat on the ground I stood there for a moment unable to move. I grabbed my son and slowly walked towards my car hyperventilating. I have never experienced something so violent in a workplace and now two hours after it happened I am still shaky. I am only grateful I didn't take my four year old daughter with me to run that errand as I had planned to tomorrow. I am so saddened that a return request angered someone to the point of doing something like this, not only in front of me, but my child and other customers.  The worker did express how I didn't deserve that, that he was sorry that that happened and that I seemed like "a nice girl". I just wanted to let someone know in the family I will never drive by Harpers the same and could never recommend a place who's owner conducts himself so aggressively. I hope that no other customer ever has to feel so scared and threatened no matter the circumstance. To note, I do now see online all sales being final, but this should be listed on the receipt and at the register as well. Thank you, I hope Jeff understands he should never be conducting himself in a matter such as this. It was truly horrendous. **Not to mention he claimed if I would have purchased mulch and dirt I would've been able to return. The plant he threw back at me while I was walking to my car wasn't even what I had originally purchased. I didn't even want it but while I was putting my baby in the car the other employee placed it in my car. When I got it home there were literally over a hundred caterpillar/grubs in the pot. And as I drove away from the nursery slowly from crying I could still see Jeff marching around with my bagged plant fuming. I don't know what is with this guy but save yourself from ever dealing with him.**
