4	The Manor is Charlotte's art house movie theater.  This place has only 2 screens and almost always shows indie films and documentaries- look for them to have all the movies that the critics are talking about.  The Manor also hosts small film festivals.  This place is old so there is no stadium seating, there are also no discounts for students.
3	I saw a movie here the other night and really enjoyed the experience. It's definitely not like most of the theaters you find in Charlotte--or in America-- these days, and that's a good thing. It's not flashy, it's small, and it only has two screens. Trust me, it's a refreshing feeling not being overwhelmed by all the noise, lights, and general commotion of modern theaters. It's a very quaint scene--old school kinda of concessions stand, pretty theaters, and good movies, too (mostly indies and art films from that I can tell). Great date place.
4	I saw Religulous here earlier this week, and it was the first time I'd been to this theater. I've passed it several times, as I'm in this part of town a lot, but I'd never made it in. It's a great scene. Everything feels art-house and old and less soul-less and corporate than many of the other movie theaters around town. This is a great part of town for eating as well, so you could make a great dinner and movie night. I'd be impressed on a first date with a movie here.
4	I'm so glad we still have at least one movie theater - the Manor - that isn't a humongous megaplex with teens waiting outside for their parents. The Manor tends to show artsier films and documentaries and only has two screens. I'm planning to see "Religulous" there, and I've seen films like "Waitress" there in the past. Combine a movie at the Manor with dinner at Terra or another nearby restaurant and you've got a nice little date.
4	When I moved to Charlotte, I was relieved to discover the Manor.  At the time (2004), they were the only movie theater in Charlotte carrying independent films.  It allowed me to see many of the Oscar-nominated films that year that other theaters weren't carrying and weren't planning to either.  The Manor is obviously an old-time theater.  There are only two screens and no stadium seating (remember when you had to sit somewhere so you could see over someone's head?).  The theater, lobby, and outside could use some renovations to make it look a little more classy.  And it would be nice to have them serve appetizers and regular drinks like some independent film theaters do, but as it stands, the Manor is a definite plus for Charlotte.  Best of all, it's the only theater in town that's mainly reserved for adults since children don't want to see the types of films played here (and parents shouldn't want their kids to see them).If you're going to see a popular film that's opened at the theater (like when Brokeback Mountain opened), get there early.  Parking is at a minimum.  With that extra time, you can visit the Panera Bread next door.
4	Great little theater for independent films. Went to see The Wrestler while I was in Charlotte on business. We got here early because we weren't sure how long it would take to get to the theater from our hotel. Glad we were so early because parking is kinda nightmarish, and I guess movies here sell out regularly. We bought our tickets then wandered down the road to a nice little Chinese restaurant whose name I can't remember! The employees at this theater are not sullen and snobby like at a lot of Landmark theater type places. They seemed to like where they are, which is nice. I found the sound quality, intimate atmosphere, ample leg room between rows and the comfortable seats very appealing also.
4	Finally, I made it to The Regal Manor Twin as it's referred to on Google but everyone knows and loves as the Manor Theater!  It was well worth the trip.  I'd heard from several sources that they showed independent and foreign films.  Want to step back sixty years into an old school movie house?  The concessions stand is tiny and gets crowded fast, but they have two large screening rooms with plenty of comfortable seats.  Bathrooms are upstairs from the lobby.  Parking is tight in front but there's also parking behind the theater and the flower shop on Fenton.On the way out I grabbed their free summer movie schedule to make sure I keep them on my radar.  The Manor doesn't just show movies to make money, they love movies.  Which is why I love them.
4	Since I last visited a long while ago, they finally updated the seats. A classic old school theatre with not-so-mainstreamflicks. Great location.
4	If you're seeking those small release films (i.e. foreign films, indie flicks etc.) Regal Manor Twin is the place to go. I've dropped by here to see a few different films, most recently "The Girl Who Played With Fire", part of the Millennium Trilogy by Stieg Larsson.The theatre itself isn't too much to write home about - it's older, not super clean and hosts only two theatres. Pricing is roughly the same as other local Regal theatres, but the reason it's a four star and not a three star, IMO, is the selection of indie flicks. While they only play two at a time, the selection changes over every few weeks - giving movie goers a chance to make a trip to see that selective release. The concessions are just as tasty as other Regal theaters and the seats are pretty comfy, albeit a bit lower than other theaters. That's worth noting for those of us who are vertically challenged. Employees aren't the most chipper here, but really, it doesn't bother me too much. FYI to all: As Jason mentioned, the bathrooms are upstairs and for the ladies, there are only two stalls. So, hold it afterwards and head next store to Panera if you're in a crowded theater! Yay for a local, classic theater with interesting flicks.
4	Great theater that shows not-your-main-street films. They serve the usual popcorn and soda AND they step it up a notch by serving coffee and bottles of fancy juice. Yes, please.The bathrooms are small, but then again this is only a two screen theater. Go for the films and nostalgia of an older theater. Do not go for luxury.It's in a great location to make a night out of dinner and a movie...and coffee.
3	Old school two-movie theater. You'll find your indy/sundance or low-budget films here. Might even have to "read" a movie from time to time as you'll get some good foreign films here. Located in a great spot off Providence to grab a meal or snack before or after the movie. Theater is well-maintained and the service is always topnotch. Restrooms are upstairs and small. My main issue with the place is that because of it's age the modern conveniences of the larger theaters do not exist like comfortable chairs. However, for the limited times I come here, I can make do.
5	All you independent film lovers here is your home away from home...I love this theatre yes its old and there is no stadium style seating but its unique and a comfy place to enjoy a movie.  The staff seems to always remain the same and they are helpful and friendly.  This is a Regal theatre so bring your Regal card with ya.
4	Nothing fancy, but no complaints (although i almost forgot what non-stadium seating was like). i must be getting more generous with my stars, but i suppose they get the 4th star based on their selection. It was the only place we could find the movie we were looking for, not sure if it was since the movie was old or it was only here, either way, they had it. It was a pretty un-inclusive visit for me, in and out really. Since i had movie popcorn the day before, i had to pass on concessions during my visit  to this theater.  Movie prices seemed to be on par. My favorite part of the visit was purchasing the tickets at the outside window, then opening the door and handing another guy the ticket i purchased 3 feet away. i'm gonna go out on a limb and say you could probably combine those two jobs with only two theaters to choose from, your odds are good at locating your movie.
5	Love love love this place!!!!   The movie theater is nothing out of the ordinary.  Small, plain...  it's the movies they play that I love.  I enjoy independent movies and this is one of the only places in town that shows them.  And the people that work there are super nice.  Once I brought in some leftovers from the restaurant I ate at prior to the movie.  They offered to put it in their refrigerator to keep the food fresh.  What other movie theater would do that for you?!   It's my #1 favorite movie theater in Charlotte.
4	So, I've known this theatre has been a Charlotte "landmark" for quite some time, but last night was my first time going. I was there to see the long anticipated Tribe Called Quest documentary, "Beats, Rhymes & Life'. What an old school place! I love it's retro charm! Though it only has 2 theaters & a small concession stand, it's my new favorite theatre! :DThe place was clean, the staff was super friendly & I love the old school bathrooms!The seating was "new" to me, because of the location (inside a strip shopping center), the seats were a longways vertical & not wide, like the newer theaters.I'll definitely be back!
4	Indie film fans, this is your art house in the Queen City.  Sure, we have a couple more theaters around town that show movies beyond the mainstream, but they lack the ambiance and intimate feel you come to expect from a film that is subtitled or doesn't feature a minimum number of explosions per minute.With just 2 screens, you'll never fight a crowd (at least not like the multiplex) and I almost always have a pick of seats in the actual theater.  No reclining stadium style seats here, no raising arm rests to snuggle next to your date.  Nope, just a plan old school theater, and the character to match.Sadly though, corporate America's tentacles have reached out here too.  Owned by Regal, concessions and tickets are priced exactly the same as the houses of Harry Potter and Transformers.  $10 for a ticket still does not feel right, but at leads I feel better knowing that I'm not underwriting some huge ad budget plumped up with product placements and licensing deals for every aspect of the film.  Parking can seem like a premium at times, but remember there is another surface lot behind the building.  A little dark at night, but the surrounding neighborhood could not be safer.  It is also easier to get back out to the main street from the back lot, as you are not dodging the otherwise sardine tin of a parking mess out front.  Do check out the info table near the exit doors.  Lots of free info for upcoming flicks and invitations to join the Charlotte Film Society, who sometimes screens their pics at the Manor.  If you like indie film, this is your club and these are your people.  The Manor is your new home.  That's a wrap!
3	When I try to tell the kids how things used to be "back in the day", they usually just roll their eyes and look at me like I am insane, because naturally nothing really existed more than a few years ago, and theaters have always had stadium seating and awesome sound systems (not to mention dozens of screens).  Thankfully there is the Manor.This "old school" theater is a remnant of what movie-going used to be like.  Sure, it makes me feel old, but it is what we used to have.  There were no multi-plexes back then.  Well, I guess perhaps there were, but only if you considered a multi-plex a couple of screens.Now the old girl is relegated to "indie" status, but that is not a bad thing.  The old chairs are not especially comfortable when you compare them to the high backs of the more modern competitors.  If you should get there early or stay to the end of the movie, the spotlight from the rear of the theater will blind you, compared to the soft, ambient light you will find in more modern setups.Definitely a worthwhile addition to the city, however.  Check it out if you get the chance.
5	One of the few indie theaters in the area.  It is a romantic & intimate little cinema, really something to be cherished!  I wish there were more theaters like this one in the Queen City.*The theater is a Regal too, so you can use your rewards card :).  AND they give child/student/senior citizen discounts.They only have two theaters in the building so there is a limited selection, but the movies are always really great films you probably won't be able to find anywhere else in Charlotte.Manor is clean, well maintained, in a good location, and has great local artist decor that changes periodically.They have a nice little counter that serves popcorn, candy (including Godiva - swoon), & sodas.Bathrooms are up the stairs.  On your way up you are greeted with paintings, sculptures, & photographs.  The whole floor has a very industrial-chic type feel.Parking is shared with a few other places, but we have always found a spot.  There is also more parking behind the building.If you are looking for somewhere to eat before or after, Deejai Thai & Terra are right next door and mighty delicious.
4	As a city, Charlotte walks a rather thick line between offering chain & indie options, so it's nice to see a small establishment thrive.  However, the Manor Theater IS a Regal property, so I don't know how "indie" it truly is.  That being said, the Manor definitely captures the feel of a small arthouse, and it's great that we have this option.  With only two screens (hence, "Twin"), there's none of the bells and whistles you would normally find at a movieplex: stadium seating, automated ticket machines, or more than two bathroom stalls.  Parking is a bit scarce, as they share a lot with Panera and other businesses, but you can usually find a space around the side or in back.  What you will find is the smell of old movie popcorn, cozy red velvet seats, and a place to see great smaller-budget films.  We're lucky to have a movie theater with a bit of the old magic still left in her.
5	Being the cinephile I am Regal Manor Twin is one of few theaters in Charlotte worth visiting. Sure it is small only featuring two screens but there is always quality films playing which after all is the point , plenty of seating and no obnoxious crowds.
5	Regal Manor Twin you rock!
5	Indie films in a quaint location, where you won't trip over teens (no offense kids).  Nothing fancy, and little has changed except what was once a Single screen theatre (when that is all there was) it has been split into two smaller ones.  No stadium seats or anything fancy, but who needs that anyway?I love this theatre.   Maybe it is because it is one of the few places to see indie films or maybe it is because I have gone to this theatre all my life (i remember seeing first run Fantasia, 2001 Space Odessy, Yellow Submarine among many others).   I true Charlotte gem.Parking is challenging, but you'll find a place.
5	I have started going to random movies at the Manor Theatre.  I pick a time and go to whatever is showing.I still have not regretted it.The staff is nice, the place sort of retro comfortable and the popcorn tastes real.
5	Manor Theater has always been my little movie haven in the Queen City. It's small, cozy, and old school romantic. There are only two screens, but they are almost always playing great indie films that you most likely won't find playing at many other theaters in the area. Ticket prices are a wee bit cheaper than other Regal theaters, which is great, but the main draw for me is the fact that it isn't overrun with teenagers and the crowd is more mature and respectful overall. It makes for a great spot for a date with someone else, and a more perfect place if you need to have a relaxing movie date with yourself :)
4	Local "dive" theatre specializing in art and foreign films. There will be no 3-D screenings here, but there are also no screaming three year olds in tow.Great for a girls night out!
5	"Juno", "No Country for Old Men", "Harry Brown", "Black Swan" (on Christmas Day 2010) and _______ .These are the movies I have seen at The Manor!  Which means I have missed a lot!  Like: "Little Miss Sunshine" and "Girl with the Dragon Tattoo", "The Artist", "44 Inch Chest", (42 Inch chest, 44 Inch Waist... OK I made-up that one) and "Tinker Tailor Solider Spy"!  This Past Saturday Night after Dinner at Deejai Thai we stopped here to see if they would be showing : :  "Stoker"  the New Thriller by Korean Director Park, Chan Wook... "Stoker" is my Movie PICK of the Season if not for all of 2013!!!  Mr. Park is Talented!  He directed a Vengenge Triology the most Famos of his movies to US audiences was "OLD BOY"...The Man at the Ticket Counter said he thought they were playing "Stoker" here so be on the lookout (Mid March).This is a GREAT Old Theater!  Charmingly Cool!  This place has Character and characters like this place!  If you are a Man or a brave Woman and a fan of "Old School Fixtures" and Tile check out the Balcony Men's Room!  I heard it was haunted and it has been by me, for sure!!!
4	I really enjoy going to the Manor.  It shows independent films that I can rarely see in Charlotte.  The staff there is amazingly friendly...from the ticket window to the concession stand.  The auditorium is not truly stadium style and can feel a little stuffy if too crowded.  All areas of the 2-screen theater is always very clean.  there are some nice restaurants, coffee houses and wine bar close by.  Parking can be a challenge on busy nights...but not a real issue if you are seeing a matinee....before 6PM.
4	Have seen 8-10 movies here, a bit disappointed that Charlotte doesn't really have the smaller, indie movie theatres that were easy to find in Seattle.  However, it's small, cozy, and they usually play pretty good films.
5	Charming and a bit quaint, the Manor provides a much needed service to the CLT area in showing smaller arthouse/non-"blockbuster" productions in a cozy setting. My first visit was last night to partake of Joss Whedon's "Much Ado About Nothing". If another theater that we frequent more often had been showing it, we'd likely have gone there instead - but I'm glad they weren't, and we didn't. We stumbled by chance that night upon a Charlotte Film Society meeting centering on the same film, so were treated to some extra perks like an aftershow talk-back with a notable guest speaker and some swag giveaways (woohoo!). $2 popcorn was also a fun bonus, and a step back into yesteryear. The theater is small, and perhaps not so...ergonomically laid out as newer/larger arenas, but the service was topnotch and really friendly - as another Yelper said, from ticket window to concessions and everywhere in between, everyone was great - none of that bored, mumbling, GOD-I-can't-wait-to-leave attitude you get from some places. And, again, the film offerings alone make it worth the visit.Now that I know what I've been missing, you can bet that I'll be keeping a closer eye on this little theater to see what's coming up next.
5	This is an adorable theater!  I really enjoyed watching a movie here and plan on going again whenever a movie I'm interested in hits this place.  The only downer about this place is that it's small and only has two screening rooms, but I don't mind that.The workers there are really nice, and I chatted with one of them at the counter.  She was really nice and informed me that they started serving warm nuts and asked if I wanted a sample.  So if you're a nut lover, keep that in mind.  She also let me know that Regal Manor Twin is the oldest theater in Charlotte.  (I enjoy little fun facts like that!)While waiting for the movie to start, I walked around the theater and thought it was cool that they hung paintings in the lobby that you can buy.  Great to know that they support local artists!There are bathrooms located on the main floor, which I think is good for the people who have a hard time taking stairs.  There are bathrooms located upstairs as well, and it is very clean and well kept for an old theater.The screening room itself is pretty good as well.  It's not stadium seating, but the view is still really good of the movie, not too big, not too small.  If you're a Charlottean and have not been here yet, definitely stop by and check out a movie here.
5	Love this theatre! It is very old school and has a lot of charm and plays smaller types of films/movies and artsy movies. The staff is very friendly and the entire experience including the movie (Dallas Buyers Club) was fantastic.
4	Don't go to this two screen in a strip mall location expecting tons of parking,reclining seats, cup holders and giant screens so, be forewarned.  However, do look them up if there's a movie out you want to see that is not at the local 16 screen mega-plex.  Our most recent visit was driven by not being able to find the latest Coen brothers flick anywhere else.Not the swankiest theater but it is really nice to see a movie in an old school kind of place where people know to STFU while the film is running.  Thanks for hanging in there Regal Manor Twin.
5	The Manor is one of my favorite venues in Charlotte. The intimate atmosphere and fantastic selection of documentaries and art house makes The Manor a real gem.
5	Always a delight to come here! Very old school and brings you back in time! Great place to watch a classic movie! Only has 2 theaters!
