4	My son's 2nd birthday is this week and I was looking for some decorations for the house. I had already picked up a few mylar balloons at the dollar store so I was just looking for a few banners. This place had everything.  There were still a lot of leftover stuff from Halloween that were on sale. There were aisles for birthday, baby showers, weddings, bridal showers and everything else you could think of.  The staff was very helpful although a little pushy on trying to sell me balloons.
4	This has been the cheapest place I've found for halloween costumes. Sucks that they dont have my size in some of the outfits i wanted, but there were still plenty to choose from. Theres a fitting room to try on costumes, and they have a ton of other halloween stuff. I didnt get around to looking at much of their party stuff, but they seemed to have a big selection from what i saw of it. Who knows, I might come back here next year for my next halloween costume :) Oh, and i forgot to say, they do have military discount so thats a plus :)
5	Big party store, they have everything and anything you would need for a good party;) Plenty of Halloween costumes for men, women and kids to chose from.
4	I'm working a project and needed some small boxes, after checking all the usual places, I decided to check out a party store.  When I walked in, I was surprised at how big the store actually was.  The isles are loaded with all kinds of decorations and themes, different colors and combinations.  I didn't find what I was looking for future, this place has some awesome ideas!  And some good party supplies.
3	going out of business!! everything is 50% off! I have been here on a few occasions and have no complaints. The are going out of business now but are still pretty organized. The service was okay, nothing spectacular. I can imagine it isn't very thrilling working the last days at a location, though. When I was there they still had party supplies, holiday stuff like new years and Halloween, and wedding supplies, too.
