4	I have been to several locations around town, I donate about 4-5 times year. Like when I get a hair cut I just wake up one morning and decide that I want to donate blood, so finding an appointment right away is key. This location always answers the phone and usually has something available for the time I would like. It is a smaller office, tucked back in the Scottsdale Airpark area near Costco, so most don't know it is there. The man that greats you when you walk in is always nice and usually remembers my name. I never have to wait too long, but if I do the waiting room is clean and has plenty of reading material to keep me occupied for a few minutes. In comparison to other places that have been messy, unfriendly and creepy at times this one is top notch. The phlebotomy staff is very nice and understanding and helps to make you as comfortable as possible. Sticking a needle in ones arm isn't the most desirable thing to do, well that all depends on who you are and what is in the needle I guess haha, but for donating blood they are the best at making it easy. They do several types of blood donation; whole blood (most common), plasma, platelets and red blood cells. Go donate some blood, it will make you feel better and might save someones life! :-) Think about it!
4	My Favorite place to donate. Everyone is very nice & helpful. Never had a bad stick in over 5 years of donating here.
5	Great, friendly and efficient staff. They are good about setting up your next appointment and finding a time that works for you. UBS has a nice rewards program with freebies every time you donate and points to use to get movie tickets or other things, but just helping someone, getting a genuine thank you from the staff and the Famous Amos cookies make your short visit worth it! Save a life!
5	Everyone is so nice and friendly, and they really try and make you feel comfortable. And they have the best snacks :)
4	As always, Bonnie at the front desk is so kind.  And Jessica is fabulous!
5	I do not donate blood, but I understand why it's important to have a blood bank.  Instead, I donate money and support their fundraisers to help generate the funds that are necessary to administer blood drives.United Blood Services does a great job of community outreach and provides a valuable resource to help increase the blood supply.  Their staff is very friendly and helps assist people who want to put together their blood drive events.  They'll send information packets and will also provide resources on site to help organizers execute the day of the drive.Their fundraiser events are also very fun and informative.  Kudos to their event team!  We always look forward to their annual gala.Return Factor - 100%
5	This is definitely a superior location for blood donations!  The staff is extremely friendly and warm to every donor while moving quickly through the process so that they stay aware of your time.  I usually scheduled an early morning donation so that I can go before work and I have never had a problem getting to work on time with their efficiency and consistency. Bonnie at the front counter is amazing and always seems to be in a good mood and Kollene (I'm sure I'm spelling that wrong - sorry!) is great from the needle stick to the end where she invites you to the waiting table for snacks.  If you are looking for a place to donate blood - or if you are nervous about that you can always volunteer for a drive or donate money if you feel so inclined - this is the place to do it!  Don't miss out on the cookies.  Overall: A+Will be back as soon as I'm eligible to donate again - come join me!
5	If you donate and live relatively close to this location I highly recommend them. I was used to donating on the bus's at school and it could get very hectic, at this location they are totally the opposite. Bonnie was awesome and very welcoming. The two techs assisting me were very VERY professional, (I hate needles to the utmost extent) so they took the time to make sure I was always as comfortable as possible the whole ride. Needless to say they've retaken my faith in donating without a hassle and I will surely be back at least twice a year. ( I'm 5'10" weigh 130 I need all the blood I can keep while still donating lol)
5	My brother and I donate whole blood on a regular basis, so the staff knows us now. It's a great facility tucked away in a business area and it's close to home, which is convenient. Bonnie at the front desk is so wonderful and kind, and she's great at her job. Always schedules us for our next appointment and makes sure we're doing okay. The phlebotomists are professional and fun to chat with. Kathy and Kellene are two that I normally get and today Vincent took my blood, nice guy. Doesn't take long to donate, the actual blood draw only took 6 minutes. Tip: do the fast pass health questionnaire before you go in (same day) and save time. Make sure you eat breakfast and hydrate, and they always have plenty of snacks and drinks available. Popcorn and cookies are my go to snacks. Clean, open facility, super staff, and the satisfaction of helping others makes this a 5 star place to be. Donate if you can!
5	Do you like bodily fluids? How about giant needles?If you answered "yes" to one or both of these, then this is the place for you. Here's a list of why this should be the only place you ever donate blood again:1. Bonnie - she's the best2. Infinite powerades (doesn't even matter that I prefer gatorade)3. snacks on snacks on snacks4. phenomenal phlebotomists5. did I mention BONNIE?!The first time I gave blood here I threw up right in the big comfy chair I was sitting in. They still let me come back and now I'm a veteran donor. Blood, platelets, RBC's - you name it, they've taken it from me and I wouldn't give anywhere else. UBS Airpark for life.
