5	We were very impressed with this clinic.Our cat had a wound on his paw and we took him in for care.  We're used to vets that say lots of services are needed and seem to try to guilt you in to extra bills, else be given disapproving looks that you're a big meanie if you tell them "no" and you don't deserve to have pets.  It doesn't work on my wife and I, but we've seen friends and co-workers lament falling into debt because of vets who rope them into a lot in a hurry.In this case, the vet talked about what would be best for a pet at 18 years old, listened to his history and habits, and tried to be as considerate of family emotions as the decision process.  He had a quick surgery done in less than a half-hour.  Total cost was under $200, including the visit and antibiotics.Cat was grumpy, growling, and walked around with a blue cast/sock he'd shake rapidly between steps, but he was good to go.  The Vet even took time to advise how the next few days would go and we checked in with each other a day later.Classy people at Palm Valley Animal Clinic.  They just earned our business for our two dogs, as well.
5	This is a wonderful clinic to take your pet too. I have taken a couple of my dogs to this location and have been very pleased. The staff is friendly and they take good care of my babies. I have been to different vets all over Phoenix and even Tucson and no one compares to Palm Valley. I have had my dogs spayed and neutered here, and they did such an excellent job. I have heard horror stories about other places so I was hesitant to take my dogs anywhere, but the staff here put my mind at ease. My dogs healed so well, and I didn't experience any problems. I highly recommend this clinic.
5	I went to this vet for a second opinion regarding some lab results for my dog I received at another clinic.  I felt I was given a very objective, fact-based opinion, along with a few reasonable options for how to proceed.  A conservative, progressive approach was laid out that considers cost, emotion, and what impact it will have on my dog.  I like to be educated and to consider multiple options before being pressured to "sign here."  At the other clinic, I felt scared, like I was being sold, and was read text from a website.  I'll be following up here in a couple of weeks and if my experience is just as good this time, I'll move the care for both of my dogs to here.  There is a very courteous, friendly, open, professional vibe here.
5	Could not recommend them moreSince my last review, we had our 14-year-old Shepherd/Grayhound mix pass away. She lost lower body control, experienced seizures, and couldn't potty or eat.  We eventually had to make the decision to euthanize after watching her struggle so much one weekend.  The vet and his crew were amazingly kind and considerate. The emphasis was on making Chloie comfortable.Our 13-year-old Cocker Spaniel, who was dealing with liver failure, stopped eating much directly after.  Working with the vet, we made her as comfortable as possible and spent a good amount of time playing a little and cuddling.  She just seemed to miss her "sister" too much and would lay in Chloie's spot and sniff around for her.  Malie died peacefully one morning, about two months later.  Again, the PVAC was supportive throughout-- meds to take away pain and keep some weight on, helped us take care of the body, no crazy procedures with little chance of success, and sent us a condolence card afterward.So, in two months, we saw a world of compassion from Palm Calley Animal Clinic.  Animals and their families are respected in every way.  We were lucky to have found them.
4	Took my oldest dog here today for a hurt paw. After living here two years, I have found my veterinarian!  Dr. Hatch was patient and common sense driven. The best part was that Angel liked him!
5	took my puppy smash, this was his first visit to the vet and I received great service. the staff Was nice and kind not only did they love my puppy but they were nice to my son and myself. the doctor was extremely helpful he did a great job. nothing but positive experience cannot wait for his next visit I definitely found my vet
5	We've been going to Palm Valley for about 10 years now and have nothing but good things to say. They are always responsive and courteous and I really trust them with my dogs. We just got a new puppy and found out she has worms and an abundance of ticks. I called first thing in the morning and had an appointment for the same day just a few hours later. They safely removed all of the ticks and got her started right away on a dewormer. I wish my regular family physician was this good! :)
5	We have just moved to the Goodyear area and needed to find a vet for our German Shepherd, we are very impressed with the care that we received at Palm Valley.  Recently we ahd to take him back as he had injured his leg, care and attention by the entire staff was great and our dog was given some "miracle" meds that worked the very next day and gave our dog a new lease of life!  Thank you so much, it shows that you care.
5	Awesome place, friendly people and a veterinarian that actually listens to an owner and decides a plan of care together instead of assuming he knows best. Don't have a single negative thing to say about this place and so happy I read the reviews and went!!
