3	My family goes here for breakfast about once a month because it's a good overall choice, and there isn't anything else better around that I've found.  It's for sure better than Denny's.  One weekend mornings, when we always go, there might be a short wait because they do a good business. The staff is typically fast and efficient.  The food at breakfast is pretty good.  The potatoes that come with most dishes are very good.  We all really like the whole wheat bread they serve.They have a frequent diner card program to save you a few bucks.Give em' a try.
2	I have been here twice on a whim. The first time I ate my breakfast there and it was pretty decent. The second time, I placed an order to go and unfortunately I should have checked it before I left. The food was dripping in grease. Not sure what that was all about but I was so disappointed. Did I eat any of it, yes because I was hungry however that was a mistake as I felt sick to my stomach later that day. I will give the restaurant another try  one day as maybe the cook was having an off morning. Like I said before, when I ate at the restaurant,  the food was decent, but take out, make sure you check it before you leave so that you don't end up with a box of grease. Blech
4	Not sure what everyone here is expecting, but for the price point and convenience we love The Good Egg and this is probably our favorite location. The wait staff is always friendly and courteous and the food is consistent -- which is really what one should look for in a place like this. For me, the best thing on the menu is the Old Pueblo Skillet (have them add bacon). It's impossible to beat in my opinion. ;-) The Nurse's Bialy, Strawberry Fields salad and Mickey Mouse pancakes are our other family favorites. If you're looking for a good business breakfast, this place is great, too.
4	The cinnamon roll was perfect for my sweet tooth, warm and flakey.
1	I've been coming here my whole life and now the prices are too high and the portions are smaller. *frowny face*
5	Huge menu, eggcelent and friendly service. Yummy food.
3	Good price. Good food. Good service.  One of the better breakfast places around.  Skip I-Hop and Denney's.  Come here!
4	About same price as a trip to ihop just a whole lot better.  Service was fast and food perfectly prepared.  Menu has a lot of variety including breakfast and lunch items.
1	Should be called The Bad Egg. Bottom line, the hotel's free breakfast tasted better than this and we got better service there. We arrived around 945am on a Sunday morning and had to wait around seven minutes to be seated. The staff was pleasant enough. We were seated, given menus with water and she took our order for coffee and the breakfast special (loaded potato skillet). We sat for 15 minutes before we saw our waitress again. She finally figured out she forgot to bring our coffee. We finally got some coffee which was mediocre in flavor. Our food arrived about ten minutes after that. The skillet was supposed to contain sausage, bacon, onion, scrambled eggs, grilled american potatoes covered with cheese and sour cream. Mine had no bacon, two tiny chunks of sausage, no cheese, and the potatoes were so soggy, they tasted like someone had thawed them and thrown them in as an afterthought. It was so unpalatable i could not eat more than one bite, even after loading it up with salt and hot sauce. The waitress never checked on us once during the meal. She came back by the time my husband was finished. I told her the meal was horrible (in a nice way). She offered me something else. By that point, I was not feeling like eating anything else, I felt kinda sick. My meal was comped and we did get an apology. The manager explained that everyone LOVES that special and the potatoes are seasoned and grilled. The cook obviously didn't try my potatoes. Blech. Even with the comp, the total was over $15 for one special and two coffees. Very hight priced for nasty food, poor service, and loud/uninspiring atmosphere.
5	A great breakfast certainly has its roots at the Scottsdale and Thunderbird location of The Good Egg (13802 North Scottsdale Road, Scottsdale, AZ  Phone:  480-483-1090).  The Good Egg has 17 establishments located in Arizona.  The Scottsdale establishment is a Heart Smart certified restaurant, so they can truly attest to healthier portions and options for those watching their waistline.  For those wanting to partake of larger portions and delicious food in all of its glory, The Good Egg can surely assist too.Their menu boasts everything related to the egg.  One can have an egg cooked to order in a variety of styles (scrambled, frittata, Benedict, omelet).  Looking to "carbo load?"  The Good Egg has many choices in their pancakes and French toast department.  If you are looking past breakfast, for lunch they also have various combinations of sandwiches and salad to choose from as well.Entering The Good Egg, is to enter official breakfast time at your mom's kitchen growing up.  The walls are lined with yellow flowery wallpaper, and rooster decor interspersed throughout this location.  There is ample space both from tables, to booths, to even a small counter section.  If you want to partake of the nice Scottsdale weather at this time, there is outdoor seating on their patio as well. AdvertisementThis morning, I found myself on a mission for a great breakfast sandwich.  Their sandwich consists of your choice of egg (cooked to your order), choice of meat (i.e. bacon, turkey sausage, ham), choice of bread (wheat, bagel, white bread, croissant) and topped with cheese.  Home-style potatoes come with your sandwich.  I built my sandwich with scrambled egg well done, crispy bacon, wheat bread and cheese.  When my sandwich arrived it was of extremely ample portion, stacked high with all the ingredients I requested.  The bacon was especially crispy, not runny at all.  Just the right amount of cheese and bread toasted well to hold my scrambled egg together.  With my sandwich I received about a cup's worth of their home-style potatoes, which were also crispy and diced into small bites. Going on a Friday morning to The Good Egg was very peaceful indeed, quick service with a smile, delicious food that will keep one's stomach full for awhile.  Do note that this establishment can get quite busy on the weekends, during their morning rush.  Best to arrive early or after the breakfast rush.  Regardless, The Good Egg is truly worth the wait.
1	The Bad Egg is a joke. I am not sure if they are going out of their way to deliver a subpar breakfast, but it seems like it. For my part, I made the mistake of ordering a frittata...what was delivered was laughable...a dish of egg sprinkled with a few of the listed ingredients...this was just a pathetic open omelet and nothing like any frittata that I have ever met. All five of us were completely let down by what was delivered. The only upside is that the wait staff are affable, unfortunately, their service can't redeem the output from the staff in the kitchen.
3	We have been to a few different locations of the Good Egg when visiting Arizona. This place sat us down quickly, but the food left much to be desired. Our waitress was kind, but the cooks were a little stingy with the food prep. My turkey egg scramble was void of turkey (had to ask for a side of turkey, which I did get without any issue), the portions were small and my husbands breakfast was just OK. I will reconsider whether this place is really worth dining at.
3	If you go for breakfast on the weekend, be sure to get there at 7AM - any later and the place is swarming with loud families/kids and grouchy older people.  Lots of options and servers don't mind customizing your order. It's an ok place if you want to go out for a quick, cheap breakfast and you aren't expecting gourmet food or atmosphere.
4	Kind of like an upscale Denny's.  The menu is HUGE and has something for everyone.  They can even make it spicy for you!  The service is quick and friendly.  Typical diner though...
2	Interesting that a restaurant that has the chutzpah to declare itself as "The Good Egg" would at least prepare a good egg. Not so. Who declared this the "Best Breakfast" in Phoenix? I would shudder to actually eat at the "worst breakfast" in Phoenix. If you can get past the greasy, flavorless egg, and push th hard, greasy potatoes to the side, you can enjoy the delightful, nicely toasted english muffin. Cesar G said the food is plain, bland. He is right, but he forgot to mention the fact that it is also very greasy, and not in good way. He is more brave than I, he ordered the Huevos Rancheros. I have to find out if you can prepare a basic egg before I will test your exotic dishes. Unfortunately, basic scrambled eggs proved to be a challenge. The buttermilk pancakes are also a fail. Sorry Good Egg, you just are not that good. Maybe you should consider renaming yourself to mediocre egg? Look on the bright side, I would eat your eggs before I would order an egg at Paradise Bakery.
5	Chorizo, peppers, black beans and eggs? Yes!!! You can't go wrong choosing The Good Egg for breakfast in PHX. After returning to the area for the first time in 5 years, The Good Egg was the second restaurant I visited...love it.
2	Have'nt been to this location in a very long time but I am not impressed. The staff was friendly and the place is clean. The restuarant was a little over half full but it took them over 35 minutes to bring out our food and everyone ordered breakfast. How long does it really take to cook eggs? I usually go to the park central mall location but the scottsdale location was more convenient today. Needless to say their service was very slow. I don't plan on returning to this location. Maybe too many snow birds go to this location or maybe they were just short staffed. But the food was still good at least!!
4	The staff was friendly, the food was good, the price was fair, and I left happy! Phoenix--you're so lucky to have this establishment. In Kentucky, we're stuck with Waffle House. What a breath of fresh air this place was for breakfast.
1	I used to love the Good Egg. My husband and I were regulars but after the ratio of bad meals went from 1 out of 10 to 5 out of 10 then 9 out of 10, we're done. The service is lousy: If they mess-up or forget your order, you get nothing more than a half apology. The food is bland and poorly cooked: Their eggs are unseasoned and sauces are made from powder mix. Their poached eggs are watery making whatever they put them on a runny mess.Their prices are high and getting higher: Many dishes $10 and no longer come with potatoes. You have to buy your side for an additional $1. Their not-so-clever attempt to raise prices without anyone noticing is insulting to our intelligence.I am casting my vote to stop bad breakfast in Arizona. I will never eat at Good Egg again. They need to go out and make room for people who actually care about putting out a good plate of food.
5	Why does this place only have an average of three stars?  My boyfriend and I try to come here at least once a month and their punch cards makes it worth it when you get enough punches for a free meal :) I'm not a big egg fan so I usually get pancakes or french toast which are always on par.  Their service is always fast and efficient so you can't get much better than this place!
5	I'm a breakfast guy.  People see me walking down the street and say "hey, look at that guy, he's The Breakfast Guy."  More or less.  Anyhow, I had the best breakfast of my life at this location while on a recent trip to Phoenix.  It was "Egg Whites and the 7 Veggies" if you must know.  It was somewhat embarrassing to order but it ate good.The people working here are also incredibly friendly - not just the waitstaff but also the host and manager who made a solo business traveler feel very much at home.
5	Chorizo, peppers, black beans and eggs? Yes!!! You can't go wrong choosing The Good Egg for breakfast in PHX. After returning to the area for the first time in 5 years, The Good Egg was the second restaurant I visited...love it.
4	Eat there 2-3 x wk. great good and service
3	Decent food, decent service, nothing to write home about
4	The selection is so overwhelming in a good way. I had eggs benedict. The eggs were perfectly cooked so many placed kill the eggs. I was a happy camper. Plus going on a Tuesday you get double stamps on their free meal card.
4	Good breakfast eats!!! Earl gray iced tea is terrific. Egg Benedict dishes are yummy too. Good friendly service.
4	This place is all about the healthy.  All calories are listed on the menu and it was eye opening and made me choose healthy options.  I like how they place a water, coffee and tea jug on the table so you never run out!  Refreshing.
5	My boyfriend and I eat at The Good Egg at least once a week!  They have a huge selection of breakfast items.  I like it that they state the calories of each item right on the menu!  They are always busy, but if there is a wait it is never very long and they a free coffee station outside on the weekends.  My boyfriend loves the Bacado omelet.  I have ordered many things there and have never gotten something I didn't thoroughly enjoy.  Their service is always friendly and quick and they offer a stamp card for repeat business.  When you get enough stamps you receive a free entree.  Overall it is one of my favorite breakfast places!
3	Was doing some errands around town and decided to stop off for breakfast. I ordered the Eye-Opener which I think is a misnomer. Had the eggs sunny side up with link sausage(3) and crepes. When my order came out they forgot to bring the syrup. So I waited and waited. Finally, I had to flag another employee down to ask again for syrup.The crepes were okay. Attentiveness could be a lot better.
4	Lots of options, so everyone can find something they like.  Last time we went my kids got cute Mickey Mouse shaped pancakes, which they loved.  Good casual place to go with the family.
2	This is about 2 steps up from IHOP. If you're looking for a quick breakfast place to hit outside of the typical weekend brunch hours, it could suffice, but definitely do not stick around if there's a wait.
4	Been coming here for about 3 years now whenever we visit for spring training.Last week, "Mysti" was our Server on one of our visits and she was a doll.Great little spot.service friendly, Love the Caprece Omelet.Will continue to come back next time we are in town.
5	Another Good Egg that I always leave satisfied from. I come here on my lunch breaks during the week and am always helped promptly. Egg-cellent food and great service.
5	This place is the best! I love the breakfast here and the service is always good too. Best place to go after a good trail run on a Saturday! Get the protein pancakes and eggs!
4	Kick ass breakfast place.  Friendly efficeint staff serve up tasty fresh food!
4	Wow.  I am a believer.  I had never been to a Good Egg and a friend said the food was good.  Was in Scottsdale so went to this location.  The people were friendly, the service was fast and the food was great.  I had to wait for a seat on Sunday Morning before Memorial Day.  It took about 10 minutes, then waited another 10 for the food and what food.  Excellently prepared, eggs with seasoned potatoes, a moist English muffin with four pieces of thick sliced baco nand fresh orange juice.  Gave some bacon to my hubby.  Hubby had breakfast tacos with egg whites -- wow were they good, came with black beans which I thought was odd until I tasted them.  I thought I floating on cloud nine.  This food is a tribute to good hone style cooking.  I hope they keep it up as I am now a recurring patron.
4	The food was ok. Some of our orders needed to be sent back but in the end the lady at the front took off the meal
3	This place is super duper healthy.  Good for me, my hubby prefers a greasy spoon kinda place for breakfast.  Definitely an egg-white kinda place!
1	Has this place gone down hill.  My wife and I went there around noon.  Only two other people there hmmm. Tell you something! Well she ordered a BLT with their potatoes. I order a pancake and bacon.  Let me say the waitress and manager were competent and nice.  BUT competence includes bringing food to a table that looks correct and edible.  The potatoes were burnt and dried out.  The bacon in the sandwich (50% burnt on the inside including the bread),  They hide the burned pieces and gave me the ok pieces which were not crisp.  Now If I was a waitress would I bring burned dried out potatoes to a table NO.  That's waitressing 101, I would give it back to the cook,  WHY it effects my tip. Well the sandwich was a bust, the potatoes were a bust, my bacon was barely ok, pancake good.  OK they comped the lunch but that's is not the issue.  This has been a trend at several of this chains places  for a while.  There are lots of new places opening up and if the Good Egg remains mediocre they will be doomed.
5	Great vegetarian options with a very friendly and attentive wait staff. Close by to Kierland Commons and Scottsdale Quarter. Can be in and out for hour long lunch breaks with no issues.
5	Always get a great breakfast at the thunderbird restaurantAnne and rosemary make the visit!!!The whole staff is friendly Mike
5	I love this place. Have been eating at this location for years. At least 25yrs. Love the berry blintz, nurses bialy, crepe egg choices and casa polencia. Can't go wrong with this menu. Everyday they have menu specials and daily flavored coffee.
5	Friendly service. Plus the food came out pretty quick even tho they were packed. LOVE the Pesto Eggs Benedict!! Pesto sauce instead of hollandaise is an interesting twist! :) The pancakes are surprisingly good here! Most chain restaurants like IHOP or Denny's have pancakes that are tough, or bland, or chewey. The ones here are nice and fluffy w/ good flavor. :) I also like how they leave a pitcher of water and coffee on your table, that way you don't have to flag someone down to get a refill! :) I will definitely be back. :)
4	Why do I love the Good Egg? It's servers like Bonnie that's why. Usually my hubby asks for a Togo cup for his beloved Pepsie. Bonnie asked me if I wanted one for my coffee? I said no. (That's enough caffeine, you know what I mean.) It certainly was VERY good coffee!!!! It meant a lot to me that she asked. Thank you dear heart!! Also, the cinnamon raison french toast is mighty! Wonderful place to get away for a private delicious repast!!!!!
5	The food is AMAZING as always...but the service here puts them above the rest when it comes to breakfast/brunch places! Rosemary, Sandy (& Carmen too!) have fun attitudes and personalities...it just makes the dining experience extra special!
1	I had a good experience at the one in Chandler, but this one is a dive. We found hair in our food and our waitress was mostly unseen. I'll never be coming back to this location. There was nothing good about my experience.
3	As a kid growing up in one of the best breakfast restaurants in Southside Virginia, I may have pretty high standards when it comes to what constitutes a good breakfast.I'll start with the positive: They have healthy options and I like that the calorie count is included on the menu. The staff is also pleasant enough.On the negative side: Don't expect fluffy scrambled eggs. Here they are really just chopped up omelets. Someone needs to tell these cooks out West that scrambled eggs need to be constantly worked while in the pan, not allowed to cook on the bottom and then just chopped up. Also the "sausage" gravy that came on my biscuits was really just pepper gravy (tasted like a premix), no sausage in it at all. The waitress, however, was nice enough to bring me some chopped up sausage when I asked about it. The prices on the lunch items are pretty much in line with area restaurants, but breakfast is the least costly meal for the restaurant, and the prices for the customer don't really reflect that. My bill for a coffee, orange juice, and biscuits & gravy came to just under $17.Overall, not a bad place to grab a meal, but there are better choices nearby.
3	I had a chance to just go out with my daughter today for a little father daughter time. So she likes the Good Egg and so it was. Walked in and it just reminds me of all those breakfast houses. Nothing really jumps out. Let's just say the decor is all breakfast(ie) like. Ordered the orange juicy and coffee with the Sun Devil omelette. The omelette had diced ham, peppers, and onions. Nothing special about this. All I really tasted was the eggs. Didn't have any flavor. Pretty disappointed. Hash browns and English muffin were the norm, but I did enjoy the OJ and coffee. My daughter had the Pineapple Upside Down pancakes. Two huge cakes taking up her whole plate with pineapples, grapes, and whip cream on top. I snuck a few bites and it was really good. Walnuts in the middle with a pretty good syrup. Pancakes were not dry at all and pretty filling. Our server was really good and very attentive to us. They gave us our own pitcher of water and coffee. So overall the food was okay with pretty good service. Not bad but I could find better breakfast joints to go to.
5	Another amazing breakfast awesome pancakes and eggs friendly waiters love coming here very busy on Saturdays but quick to sit down no waiting
3	The Good Egg is a solid breakfast alternative, but not a consistently great one.No surprises during our most recent visit. We went during an off time, so there was no wait and no issues with seating. We did notice them try to seat a single woman at what must be the worst table in the restaurant, odd given that half the tables were empty, forcing her to request a different table. They promptly served us a carafe of ice water and an insulated pitcher of coffee. Unfortunately, the coffee was barely warm. A consequence of dining at an off time, I suppose. They replaced it quickly. The Spanish omelet we ordered was solid. The pecan pancake, a single thick pancake that covers an entire plate, pecans baked in and not just sprinkled on, was very tasty and filling. It was served upside down, however, with the nice side of the pancake facing down on the plate and the crispy less than nice side facing up. No impact on the taste, of course, but a basic presentation issue that a better breakfast spot would not allow. I must say I feel like one of those overly picky Yelp reviewers making this observation. Still, we all have our pet peeves.My favorite thing about the restaurant is how they greet young diners at the table. Show up with your little ones and they will immediately offer you a small serving of dry Cheerios and fruit. Such a great idea! It's surprising that more restaurants don't do this. It gives parents peace to fully examine the menu, enjoy some coffee and then order. Works a lot better than just crayons.A used, sticky, pitcher of syrup was our only true complaint. But I don't mind a little stickiness, I guess, if the alternative is having to beg for mini cups of syrup like you have to at some other pancakes spots.We used a coupon sold to us by students from a local high school. Thank you The Good Egg for supporting them and for making our meal more affordable. We'll definitely give you another try to consider adding another star.09/20/2014 UPDATE: I've been fantasizing about that pecan pancake since my last visit, so we decided to give The Good Egg another try, this time visiting late on a Saturday morning. The coffee was piping hot when served this time around, a great improvement. The server did not offer and seemed confused when we requested Cheerios for the kids before the meal. Do they not always do that here like other locations? I'm confused now too. My pecan pancake was served upside down (bad side up) again. I know I'm being anal, but it makes for such a bad presentation. A much bigger problem this time. The pancake was not cooked through. I was treated to a mouthful of raw batter. The server observed me peeling back the middle of the cake to expose more raw batter and, to his credit, quickly replaced the pancake. Another problem with our order. A request for no sour cream on an omelet was not honored. We scraped it off, but it had contacted the omelet and spoiled the meal for our family's sour cream phobic diner. The kids enjoyed their Minnie Mouse pancake and the Triple Play. They shared and it allowed each to have pancake, bacon, eggs and fresh fruit. Neither, uncharacteristically, drank their milk. Don't know if it was the temperature or the taste. Returned fully expecting to raise The Good Egg's rating to four stars. All it would have taken was hot coffee (check), a right side up pancake (oops) and not screwing anything else up (oops again). Three stars seems about right, even generous, at this point.10/19/2014 UPDATE: New, shorter, menu. Solved the pecan pancake issue by taking it off the menu:)
1	The manager here has MUCH to learn about good customer service & the fact that her customers make her business happen! I have been here a few times, when I think breakfast I think of the Good Egg, however this time I was very displeased, the wait for the food was long, the coffee was old & burnt and the girl that brought my food was rude & never apologized for the wait! When I talked to the manager she offered concession but when we got the counter to pay she left and when she came back she never gave us anything nor did she apologize or make any comment to us what so ever, this will be my last time there! My one star rating is more then they deserve!
5	This is a really good Resturant to good to. we found it about a few year ago and have been going back ever since. The people there are so nice! They are much better than any Denny's or any other breakfast resturant!
3	Had the light crepe and eggs that came with a fruit cup, English muffin. The name light is apropos, because I'm still hungry. The crepe did not have much flavor even with the hollandaise sauce and was light on the avocado and cheese.13.50 out the door with tip. Not a good value in my opinion.
