5	This is one of the cleaner Roberto's in town.  They are very nice here and have quick service.  You may need to speak as little as possible as they do not speak much English.  They are also one of the few locations with a shrimp burrito, which is very good and always served hot!  This location has a very interesting interior and it almost seems like a converted McDonald's or something like that.  If you use the drive-thru, beware that it may take 10-20 min. for your food.  They have plenty of parking and never have a long order line.
2	Well, when I went into this place I did not know what to expect... I walked in and holy cow this place was so not mexican food. I should have expected not authentic duh... But nope. This place is like a fast food version of taco bell hahaha, or a fast food version of Baja Fresh. I ordered a burrito the meat was the only real good part of it. The rice and beans were dull to say the most. Plenty of parking, but the place inside is clean, clean bathroom, but boring colors inside. Weird because it has a lot more of these little stands everywhere here. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants to break into Mexican food and then go to little mexican places after this then to the big boys.
3	What can I say? I love a good bean and cheese burrito and Roberto's has one that will inspire me to get out of bed in the middle of the night to get one. Lucky for me, they're open 24 hours. Not so lucky for my pants which have been feeling the stretch of this staple of my diet for some time now. I don't know what it is about this burrito-maybe they warm the tortilla in butter before filling it with tasty beans and cheese. Maybe it's the fact that they likely cook those beans in lard, which let's be honest, makes all the difference. I don't know, but if I knew I could live off of these without dropping dead of heart disease, I'd do it. There aren't many things I order here- the enchilada plate, the bean and cheese burrito and from time to time the carne asada nachos which are a day and a half's worth of calories and sodium, but worth it. I only recommend the carne asada when it comes to nachos- the chicken just has never been good when I've had it. Nothing to ruin a delicious plate of cheese and chips like dry flavorless chicken. My favorite salsa is the green-not too spicy and packs in some great tomatillo flavor. If you go inside you can get as many little containers of salsa as you want, which brings me to my next point. Don't get in the drive through lane unless you like to be tortured before your meal. I've made the mistake many a time of  hopping in the drive through lane because I simply didn't want to get out of my car and I regretted it every single time. It is significantly faster to park and go in because the drive through line can be a 15+ minute wait and in my experience they get the food inside the restaurant faster. I mean, I've actually pulled up at the same time as someone and have walked out with my food before the cars in front of them have received their food.The food is consistent, the service is what you'd expect at any fast food establishment and if you avoid the drive through line I could almost guarantee a positive experience!
1	I ordered the carna asada fries, tastes horrible, & ended up throwing it all away.  No discounts  for the military.   Your better off going to viva el taco, free drink with your order.
4	It's not the best carne asada I've had, but it is heaped on generously to your fries.  You will also get an equally generous portion of guacamole, and all the ingredients that make up the carne asada fries.  Its prices are fair enough for how much food you get as well.  From what I understand, the other Roberto's locations do a better job, but this wasn't bad at all.
2	Aint nothing better than good ol' carne Asada fries! This location is pretty ungenerous with their portions.. Unlike their other locations! When I order carne asada fries they limit the amount of meat they put on it. And 90% of the time when I say "No Beans", they always  give me beans! I've only been inside once and I suggest just going thru the drive thru. So you can avoid coming out smelling like carne asada. The drive thru is pretty fast surprisingly. There's always this homeless man at the end of the drive thru trying to wash your windows. It kind of creeps me out because he won't stop talking to you.
2	Extremely greasy!  Cheap prices, but you get what you pay for I guess. We have tried breakfast and lunch - neither was good.
