5	Love this place! I pay $24 per month for unlimited standard beds (that get you very dark). And on Sundays (half off) I get $10 Versa spray tans. This place rocks!
4	So far, I like this tanning place.Although I've only had their SPRAY TAN service here. Haven't tried their tanning beds/booths yet. I'll update once I try out their beds. Hopefully that might bump this place to a 5 stars.I can confirm their "no orange, no streak guarantee" to be very accurate. I've never had a spray tan done before...because of that exact reason: I'm afraid the color will streak and make me look like a zebra. And since this was a machine spray tanning me versus a spray tan specialist, I was apprehensive and did not expect good results. However, I saw a buy one get one free coupon in those weekly advertisement stuff you get in your mailbox, I decide to give it a try.You can choose between three shades: light, medium, dark. If you want "dark" it's an additional $5. The girl at the counter suggested medium for me. Okay sure, medium it is.The spray tan was quick and easy. You stand it 4 different positions...the machine sprays you 4 times with the color mist and then AIR sprays you 4 times to dry off. You don't have to stand and wait for the spray tan to dry naturally. Total tanning + drying time was probably a total of 5 minutes. $35 per session. The spray tan should last you a good 7 days.Highly recommended for those who need color immediately. (wedding, beach trip, photoshoots?, pool party, first date)
5	This place is great clean beds and all different kinds!
4	Went today because I feel fat and white. Thought it couldnt hurt. It didn't. Always makes me feel a little better to be tan, even if it's a spray. The staff is nice, the rooms are clean, and it stops me from looking "peaked" as they keep telling me at work. Sigh. No great shakes, nothing bad, just staightforward.
3	yes, i know. i probably shouldn't, but i do.i tan naturally very easily but just don't have the time to go to the pool and sit for hours, i also hate tan lines so i always resort to tanning beds. bodyheat tanning is one of the main chain tanning salons in las vegas, usually located right next to an LVAC so you can knock out the GT in GTL all at once.i have the most basic monthly package, which i believe is the level one bed. like i said, i tan very easily so i don't need anything too extreme. the staff here are usually very nice and don't try to push you too much on buying their products. i go in and out, like running an errand. i only wish the location was closer to where i live. cleanliness is okay...i don't find it immaculate but it'll do. i think the price at bodyheat is great compared to other salons ive looked at. keep in mind you get an discount if you're an LVAC member.
5	Convieniently next to my gym! Great beds great staff. Looks great with the remodel!  It is such a relaxing experience everytime I go and m color is looking and is ALWAYS looking great.  As soon as I feel I'm not getting the color I want,  they suggest the lotion and bed and then my color is boosted!
1	I got took. I just wanted to buy a few tans but the person at the counter talked me into a membership that could be canceled at any time.    Half way thru signing me up she stopped to take a groupon from another customer that took some time.   One week later.... Evidently a problem occurred and I incurred a late fee. I paid $39 for 1 tan.  No, I will not call corporate headquarters to straighten out the problem. I will run.
1	If there was a way to give a place NEGATIVE stars, I would.  I was told by a friend when I moved out here that these salons had the dumbest staff members around but other than that were good salons.  She could not have been more correct. I have never met a group of more incompetent,  unprofessional people in my life.  I pay for the VIP All Inclusive membership so that I can tan whenever I want in whatever bed or use any service that I want.  This membership is $100. (Not cheap). I had an issue with freezing my account that has taken me nearly TWO MONTHS to get cleared up, haven't been able to tan although I was continuing to PAY my monthly membership,  and then had a bunch of MYSTERY fee's ($75 worth) that NO ONE seemed to know anything about on my account.  Each and every time I went in I spoke with a new employee who was just as baffled as the one before, never receiving any help.  The girls that work there are virtually useless (by no fault of their own) because they aren't allowed to view and/or correct any errors or make any changes to accounts without a manager's help. They suggested that I call "corporate" although I was told by more than one of the employees that "they probably won't answer or call back because they won't even call their employees back to help them with issues". That was extremely accurate.  I called FOUR times and left messages because the phone just rings off the hook and no one answers and no one EVER called me back. Finally one girl got a hold of her "manager" on her cell phone and I spoke to her and have NEVER had a more DISRESPECTFUL BITCH on the other line in my life. Her name was RAINA and she was BEYOND unprofessional.  Not only did she CUT ME OFF with EVERY sentence I tried to get out, but she then proceeded to HANG UP on me. Since then she was apparently DEMOTED (nothing to do with me so she probably did the same to more than one person) but in my opinion she should be FIRED and NEVER hired anywhere else ever again as she clearly has neither proper customer service skills nor common sense. I contacted BBB and specifically reported HER along with my complaint. She deserves a slap in the face. Good beds,  but you will have to figure out how to use them completely on your own because the girls will sit at the front desk on their cell phones and no one will show you what to do. You're better off in the sun.Wouldn't recommend this place to ANYONE
1	The customer service at this place is truly awful.  It's nearly impossible to call the locations directly - you have to dial into a main line, then enter an extension, which doesn't work half the time.  If no one answers, there's no voicemail, you have to call back again and again.  Their website doesn't list hours for each of the locations either and since no one answers the phone, I've had to call multiple locations to try and figure out the hours of different salons...and what's even more ridiculous is that the staff doesn't always know the hours of other salons!I've been a member here for over a year and recently tried to cancel my membership.  I tried calling and wasn't able to reach anyone there MULTIPLE times.  Finally I reached someone who told me to email Corporate.  I emailed them and it took over a week for them to respond.   They then told me that I'd be charged for the following month because of their 30 day cancellation policy....even though I'd already been trying to cancel for over a week! Each location has different levels of quality - there's ZERO consistency.  Some locations are really nice and some are totally beat up.  It's like they just gave up on them.  Their Versa spa machines vary wildly and some of them are just plain unclean.  The owners of this business clearly have the market cornered and don't care about customer service or keeping a high level of quality across all locations.  Hugely disappointing.
5	Great place in Vegas to grab a quick tan! Very friendly staff!! Loved the bed selection as well!!
1	Used to be a huge body heat fan.. Been consistently a member for about 5-6 years.. Sometimes downgrading my package or upgrading..  Pros -- many locations some being open 24 hours..Cons -- huge employee turnover, staff is hit or miss (I can't tell you how many times I've been checked in and undressed for my spray tan to only wait and realize the employ never allowed the machine to start), I feel a lot of their staff has substance abuse problems, and biggest con of them all... Canceling is a huge issue. I had fraud activity on one of my cards so while waiting to get a new one my payment didn't go through.. No biggie..I went in and paid the bill and stated id like to close my account.. Find out 2 months later that I now had two monthly dues plus late fees because I didn't write a written cancelation? After inquiring with corporate they then sent me back my "contract" with my signature.. When you sign up you are NEVER given any paper copy or anything typed up you simply verbally sign up and sign on the little black thing you would for a credit card purchase.Sneaky. Just paid my bill and closed out my account. Never again.
