3	I am going to be cautiously positive about The Ocean Floor. It is right across the street from Pizza a Metro, so Hubby and I stopped in for a short while before they closed last night. Hubby is the Aqua-Man, so he had read in his tank-geek chat rooms that The Ocean Floor was a disaster of a place, with bad livestock, and that they were even getting out of the reef (salt water) side of the pet fish business. We did not see evidence that any of this was true. The tank they have as soon as you walk in is shockingly huge- it's like a wall of water, containing three fish that looked like they could eat a chihuahua as an amuse bouche.Although it was not the most pristine place, it was freaking huge- by far the biggest aquarium store in the valley (and I have been to most of 'em- sigh... damn the newlywed supportiveness). The salt water side was smaller than the fresh, but almost all the fish looked good and the corals were OK- no worse than some other stores that are far better rated by the tank-geeks. We bought 2 blue-green chromis fish, so we'll see how they do. The young man who helped us was very nice, and seemed quite knowledgeable. They usually have reef stew and are also set up to run chem tests and seem to have a very large and comprehensive selection of chemical additives for the DIY-capable like Hubby. If the new fish make it, we'll be back.
4	I'm not an expert on marine pets, nor do I feel I would jump into that hobby feet first. However, enough time spent in the Ocean Floor might make me reconsider. They have aquariums of all sizes and designs, some small enough to house small schools of fish, one large enough to hold a small shark. They have the usual aquatic decor, including rocks, plants, sand, divers, shells and castles, but furthermore have a wide array of different types and designs, allowing fish aficionados to design tanks in unique styles. For beginners, they have a decent library of different types of fish and aquarium care. They have a virtual supermarket for all sorts of marine life. And as for marine life: the store offers a respectable amount of aquatic creatures. They sell fresh- and salt water fish, crabs, shellfish, mollusks, anemones, seahorses and many more sea creatures from all over Poseidon's kingdom. If you're interested in getting starting a tank, I would highly recommend visiting this store.
4	I usually don't go to aquarium only pet stores, but we've decided to add a fish tank to our pet collection so we stopped here. This is the largest fish store I've ever been in and I was very impressed. The best part about the store is the extensive selection of aquarium parts and accessories (filters, plants, etc.) Another cool thing about the store is the koi river going through the middle of a store. The selection of freshwater fish was extensive, but they did not have as big a saltwater selection as I've seen in other stores.*Edit: After going to a lot of other fish stores, I've found that the prices at the Ocean Floor are extremely excessive. I guess you pay more for quality, but compared to other stores in the valley, there prices could be as much as double.
2	It's ok they have a great selection of things for you aquarium but the fish selection is so so and prices on pumps filter etc are out of control.
2	While it pains me to give any aquarium focused store a negative review, I'd rather not see people get blatantly ripped off.  Being new to the valley I drove out to this place last weekend, since it's the closest fish store to me.  It is quite large, one of the largest I've ever seen.  It's got that old school feel as well.  First thing I noticed is the selection sucks.  They have a lot of freshwater fish but that's about it.  Not a lot of aquarium plants or inverts.  Not much in terms of saltwater fish or coral which was mainly what I was after.  Second thing the prices are outrageous.  Everything I looked at was about double what I would expect to pay for quality livestock.  I'm always cautious of a aquarium store that can't put together a decent display tank and this place is no exception.
4	Ocean Floor is an awesome shop. I wish it were easier to get to. Its weird that a store with 3 highways in proximity would be so difficult to actually drive to!Nonetheless, the selection of aquarium accoutrement is bar none the finest I have seen in the valley. Need a 4 foot piece of would for that 150 gallon tank, its here. Need to build a freshwater rock reef, they got that. Staff is cool and courteous. Hopefully they get seminars and fish geek meetings going again. Great place to visit though!
2	Awesome store, especially to walk around in. Prices are very high!
2	Tried to sell a Tarentola annularis off as a tokay gecko. Two completely different species. Said he was lost in the store for five years before "re-apprehending" a completely different gecko. They need to stick to fish, because their knowledge of reptiles is simply... lacking. I've been keeping tokay geckos for YEARS, but they refused to believe me. I will not be going back myself. The owner needs to open up his mind a little.
5	Very nice staff. Very knowledgeable. Very clean for a pet store. Sells rodents and lizards also. Neat fish to check out. Abundance of sea rocks in stock. Great atmosphere. Small parking lot, though.
4	Knowledgeable and helpful staff.HUGE facility with everything you could want by way of aquarium (saltwater and/or freshwater) equipment and supplies, as well as a huge selection of fish.Also a decent reptile section.The Fantastic Mr. It's Complicated has a couple huge aquariums. The freshwater is set up and has had some fishes for years. The saltwater is notably bigger - and not currently set up. He wanted some new fishes and some plants for the freshwater tank, and this is his store of choice.He chose plants and a couple Baal sharks, and suggested I pick a fish I liked. I don't know much about fish, but really liked the shape and grace of the black angelfish, so he got one for me.Looking forward to years of fun and lots of leaning about aquariums - and happy to know Ocean Floor is nearby for all the fishy needs we may have.
4	This place is HUGE, probably the largest I've ever been to in fact.  Despite other comments I've read the staff was very helpful and nice.  The building is very old, one of the workers said it's been a fish store for over 30 years.  I guess it used to be a bowling alley prior to that.   If you're looking for large tanks, this is the place to come. There is so much to look at.  While it could use some restoration in some areas, this place has a seasoned nostalgia that's hard to explain.  As others have stated, some prices are a bit high on certain things, but it's not that bad overall.  I definitely will be a regular here.
1	Well now what can I say other than WOW!  This place used to be the place to go for  aquarium fish and supplies both fresh and salt, sadly from what I saw today not anymore.  Many tanks in need of repair, fish that do not appear healthy, tanks mis-labeled with whats in them and/or not labeled at all!  Oh my god the salt tanks are terrible what the heck happened.  Ten years ago this place was the bomb, now I would go to petsmart for fish before here.  The owner seriously needs to clean this place up!
5	Love this store. It's one of the few actual fish stores left and it's huge. I've been going here since I was kid and I recently took my own children to get a fish tank for their own room. The staff was very friendly and they even took an extra few minutes picking out fish that were in their opinion the best in the tank.The extra time they gave us paid off. With the 6 fish we have purchased so far we had zero casualties in a brand new tank. It's been about 2 months now and we are ready to go back for more.I will say like others the prices seem to be all over the board. We got a great price on an air pump, but paid more than we should have for the filter. But not enough that I was upset.
1	This store has a good selection. Having said that 100 percent of the saltwater fish I have bought have not lived past 24 hours. $$$ spent with nothing to show for it.  Water levels are in range and I have had no issues with other fish stores.
1	This place is overpriced and all there fish look ill!! Bought a fish and got home and he was dead I called three times they kept hanging up on me after I told them what happened! I went to the store and they were waiting for me at the front of the store and made a big deal about taking the dead fish back! I had it not even 2 hours with me and it died still in bag from there store they finally said ok to replace it with another one. But this place is seriously the worst fish store in town! Do not buy from them there fish all look sick!
4	Very big store, fun to check out. A lot of fresh fish, not a whole lot of saltwater stuff. Was in a hurry and didn't spend much time. I will check it out again.
5	I normally don't write a lot of reviews unless the place blew my expectations away... So I bought a couple of clown fish from this store a couple months ago. The process of purchasing the fish was fast and simple. I was not pressured to buy additional things at the counter, unlike other fish stores. I was really impressed with this and I would typically give a four star review, but what happen to me yesterday has proven that The Ocean Floor is a five star place.Last night I had a tank emergency. The PVC ball valve cracked and was leaking a lot of water. My tank is 105 gallons so losing almost a gallon of water every five minutes was freaking me out. So I decided to call a few saltwater fish stores. One store I called advertises that they have "24 hour emergency service" for the Phoenix area. Well that was a lie after talking to them and seeing if they can help me. Plus, I forgot to mention it took about 10 minutes to finally speak with someone. After that whole ordeal, I figured I would call Ocean Floor since they were the last store open that night. Right off the bat, the guy I spoke to new exactly what was wrong and the parts that I needed to replace the valves. I didn't have to go through every detail of what happen like I did with the other stores. I was so excited about the news I told him I will be there in 15 minutes.  I forgot to ask what his name was over the phone. When I walked up to the front counter and said "I called about a PVC ball valve" the lady knew exactly what I was talking about called an expert over to help me out with instructions. Finally, I got home with two new PVC ball valves to be on the safe side. Oh, and did I mention before that only one valve was cracked...? This is because The Ocean Floor guy was so confident in his knowledge it made me more confident to just replace both valves. Now my fish are safe and happy in there home.Ocean Floor you guys blew my expectations away and you have a loyal customer for life! I'll try to post pictures of the tank and the new set up for you guysThanks again :-DDaryl G.
5	Good knowledgable family biz .. Sign up for weekly specials they are good ESP on food
5	It's becoming harder and harder to find a store that sells a breadth of equipment, aquarium supplies, chemicals,  fish, and has knowledgeable sales people. Most PetSmarts and Petcos have fish departments and some, but not all, carry the more popular freshwater fish. But what if you have a question? Sure, they have an 18 year old on hand who can probably help answer questions that you could have just as easily googled but not with the more difficult questions.I found Ocean Floor years ago and it hasn't changed much over the years - and that's a good thing!  It's a well run, local business. You name it, they have it. And, they not only have it, they'll have a few to choose from. Not sure what to get? Every employee I've ever talked to was able to assist and answered questions that I didn't even think to ask.  I've purchased a number of fish from this store and I've never had a problem with them in my well maintained 55 gallon aquarium.  You'd be wise to sign up for their email newsletter (no, they don't spam you every day) - they have some pretty good sales on equipment, supplies and fish.Yes, their prices are a bit higher than the chain stores but how important is it to save a dollar or two and either buy the wrong product or do some serious damage to your aquarium? I have too much invested to take the risk.Favorite fish quote:  "I never drink water because of the disgusting things that fish do in it." W. C. Fields
5	Ocean Floor offers an extensive selection of fish and supplies.  Beautiful tropical fish make this pet shop as fun as an aquarium you'd pay to gain entry to view.  Friendly, knowledgeable staff make really make this the number one place to buy fish in the valley.
2	Always tough sledding for Aquarist's here in the desert. But some searching will lead you some good hole in the wall shops.The Ocean Floor has the potential to dominate the Phoenix market but falls short in execution. Often times you will see dead and dying fish as well as obviously diseased and injured fish here. Tanks are typically dirty and the staff seems not all that interested in helping the customers.Prices are HIGH. Yes, its the desert and fish prices are always high at the LFS. But the OF takes it 25-35% higher than normal.Its a large store with tons of potential. But unfortunately the ownership does not seem to wish to invest time and energy in the business. We have made a couple purchases there that have been positive but usually we are just stopping in to look and remark about the crazy prices and depart.The last visit we made was especially disturbing as the "show tank" with a few huge Gourami's, a monster Peacock Bass and RTC was nasty dirty and fish were visibly stressed and diseased or sick. Its disgraceful to treat any animals in that manner. A decent fish store would have had taken a couple hours and cleaned up this 400 gallon mess.But as stated above, I simply think they don't care.My advice: If you buy something, quarantine it for two weeks or risk killing your tank with whatever nasty fungus you just purchased.The only reason to give them 2 stars is that they do have a big store and a large selection of pumps, filters, tanks and lights.
5	Started a new fish tank with the excellent advice from Ocean Floor. We were helped by Byron who was very patient and extremely knowledgeable. He spent about 30-45 minutes with us and talked us through which fish would be best for our size tank. He was seriously the fish whisperer. I especially liked how he didn't just try to sell, but told  us the benefits and drawbacks of a variety of supplies. Byron took care of us like he was our friend. Beautiful little koi pond in the middle of the place. Ocean floor is awesome!!!
5	I love this place!! They are always so willing to help. I have never had a problem with their fish or customer service. I always learn something new every time
