4	We have left our dog here over several vacations. They have dog suites and basic boarding. They allow social dogs to play together during the day, and then they go in their separate spots at night. One time, we opted to have our dog shampooed before we picked him up. He broke out in a rash all over his skin for about a week and a half. He wasn't complaining about it, so the vet said he was fine, but I won't have that service done again. (would have given five stars, except for that issue.) Never had any issues with the boarding - just the grooming. I will take my dog here again.
5	Paws down the best kennel I have boarded my dog at! I've left Max at various kennels while on vacation and he has never come home so happy as he did from the Foothill Per Resort. I could tell he was given a lot of attention and exercised enough since he wasn't out of control and needy when I picked him up.Some of the other places I've taken him (ex: Canine Country Club near the airport) have been a terrible experience  for him  and he's come home a total wreck losing hair and seriously needy and anxious. Not this time! It's worth a few extra bucks a night to know he'll be as happy and loved and when he's at home.
5	Lucky to have these great folks in my neighborhood. You can book an appointment on line and have your pet expertly groomed. Reasonable prices and friendly, efficient service make this a favorite for myself and my Black Lab.
5	Fantastic kennel! I am so lucky to have found this wonderful group of people that care for my dogs! Rocky and Adrian are normally pretty skittish and shy, but they LOVE going for 2-3 day overnight trips...they are always SO happy when I pick them up!Peggie, JJ and Jimmy actually KNOW my dogs - and that is comforting. I literally drive across town to take my dogs here...and I would would not have it any other way.
1	Thought this was a good place. Took both of my dogs here and they both got kennel cough. I know I had to bring in my dogs shots records so not sure how this could happen. Just be careful and check and double check.
1	Awful. We took our Samoyed here to get groomed after a long break. He was very matted, so I left specific instructions to cut only the matted areas out. If you know even the most basic things about grooming, you should know to NEVER shave double coated dogs, especially in the summer. Well, several hours later and we receive the message to pick up our dog. I go to get him, and he is completely shaved except for his head. The secretary there saw how upset I was and tried to say that it was because he was super matted. I cannot believe no one called to ask if this was OK! Shaving a Samoyed can result in severe health issues, not to mention it takes YEARS for the full coat to grow back. Furthermore, we were not refunded any money, and were treated with condescension from the workers. I am appalled, disgusted, and confused as to how this place is still in business. Pass this up if you care about your dog at all.
1	Updated: the owners mailed us a check refunding us completely for the grooming. However, the letter they included with it was still rude! Even if they believed that shaving my dog was a "miscommunication", they should accept responsibility and apologize. Instead, the owner said he did what he believed was best....without even calling first to check if it was ok. Absolutely the worst customer service I have ever received. I will never return here, and I will continue to tell my friends to take their dogs elsewhere.Final thought: It's not worth the gamble to take your pup here when there are plenty of better groomers in the area.
4	I get my little dog groomed here. They do a great job. She is clean and happy when I pick her up. She usually has on a really cute handkerchief. The people that work here are really friendly. I am going to take my new dog here to get groomed too. I might leave her while on vacation in a few weeks. I love that you can see the dogs playing in the back on a tv screen. The only reason that I didn't five it 5 stars is because it is pretty expensive.
5	Love this place!! I always bring my little guy for daycare when I have a long day at work and I couldn't be happier. He has so much fun playing with the other small dogs (they separate them by size and temperament) and the price is completely reasonable. The staff is all so friendly, and they all remember my dogs name whenever he comes in.
