4	This is a really good Syrian restaurant! But I need to make something very clear. There are two sides to this place, Alep & Petit Alep. Alep is for your Syrian grandfather, Petit Alep is more modern, trendy. But... You can, and should ask for the Alep menu which is larger and more complete. I usually order the tasting menu and it's always great. You get to try about 10 different things in a few services.They also have a fantastic wine list with a huge collection of private imports. Also, plenty of bio wine which is nice to try. Same taste, less sulfites, less hangover;)
5	With what is happening in Syria these days, everyone owes it to themselves to try out this amazing restaurant to understand the flavours and diversity of that ancient country.Alep and it's sister restaurant Petit Alep, next door, offer amazing food at great prices and really gives an excellent overview of the diverse tastes and flavours of Syria and Syriac culture.Every last dish here hit it out of the ball park. The lamb nearly melted in your mouth, the grilled shrimp was seasoned to perfection, the salads and rices, all of it flavorful.Little known secret: Alep has one of the the best wine lists in Montreal and easily rivals many of the finer wine bars and chichi French restos of Montreal. They privately import wines from obscure and off-the-beaten track wineries from all over the world. The wine list here practically comes in it's own booklet and choosing your wines will be a harder task than ordering your food, with it's many, many selections.Service is very friendly, the ambience is a study in understated and relaxed casualness, this is great place to come to for dinner either with a special someone or a group of friends.
5	Amazing food and service to match!  Alep takes reservations; Alep Petit, next door, is more casual, but does not - and reservations are highly recommended, both fill up fast.  And for good reason.  We went with their fixed menu, which started with spreads and salads and then moved into kabobs and a lamb stew of sorts.  The spreads were creamy, with a very nice baba ganoush and a creative tomato/chevre combination.  The main course was not only amazingly spiced, but perfectly executed.  The kabobs were tender and caramelized on the outside but medium rare in the middle, and the lamb was all but addictive. On top of that, the service was attentive, with a fantastic sommelier.
5	Excellent authentic Syrian food. We spent about 24 hours in Montreal and Alep was our favorite experience. The Moussakaa, an eggplant dish, was beyond delicious, as was the kebab kach kach - both were "last meal"-quality dishes. The garlic labneh and braised lamb were also outstanding. The service was excellent and the ambience is modern with a tasteful nod to Syria. If we lived in Montreal this would be a regular go-to date night restaurant.
5	Great place with dishes that will blow your mind with the variety and depth of spices used. We ordered the tasting menu which I would highly recommend and the lamb had a combination of spices I have never tasted before. If you are staying closer to downtown it is worth the trip out and is very easy via Metro.
5	All I can say is WOW! My mom is an incredible Lebanese cook so I'm pretty fussy when it comes to middle eastern food. My friend mentioned this place as he had heard good things about it. We made a reservation and headed on over on a Friday night.Decor is really nice, service is great, and the food is amazing. We had the fattouch salad, felafel, and mixed grill platter. My friend hates tomatoes, yet he loved the salad. The steak, chicken and kabob all had nice spices on them to add to the great taste. Everything was perfectly cooked and seasoned. I haven't been there in a while but would definitely go back.
5	I had the pleasure of dining at Alep a couple of weeks ago with a small group of people. We were there for my girlfriend's birthday and by all accounts, it was a wonderful and very satisfying evening. Everything from the service to the food to the price was top notch.  I can't recommend Alep highly enough. We will definitely be back sometime soon!
5	One of the best restaurants I've ever been to.  I had the Fatouche, Kebbe naye, Shish Kebab, Shish Taouk and everything was mind blasting. It's really the best Arab restaurant.
