5	This is the second location in South End for Lark & Key (and will be the only one after April 2011). The original location is in NoDa. The main owners, Duy Huynh and Sandy Snead, showcase their acrylic paintings and jewelry and offer their gallery to other artists and their works as well (e.g., pottery, paintings, jewelry and accessories).The employees are always friendly.I really enjoy stopping in and fantasizing about my next purchase! You can easily throw down a lot of cash in this place and it's worth every penny.
5	Lark & Key is nice little gallery in South End with paintings and a few postcards and small trinkets.  The pieces are really beautiful, but definitely pricey.  It'd be nice if they had a "value" or clearance section for middle class art lovers :)
5	This is a great gallery!  Most of what is represented is a certain style!  Wish I knew what it is called!  One of the Potter's I admire uses as part of her inspiration, old time carnival/circus costume patterns.  Paintings and Pottery mostly in a great layout!  Everyone I've met here has been very friendly and helpful!
5	Nothing but love for Lark & Key. This hardwood-floored, vintage-feel art venue is one spiff joint. It's always relaxed, they always play music, and the art and creations are all simplistically chill. The owner is friendly and great to chat with plus she's quite helpful and knowledgeable about what she has on display.Prices are kinda high, as you'd expect for art (the cheapest thing I've found is a card for $5). But if I had a bit more to throw around I'd find myself here buying some nice hand made dining set or tea mugs instead of hitting some department store. They also sell artist original cards, small art prints, large paintings, hair bands, jewelry and such. It all matches a feel for the place that I can't quite pin down. A good one for sure.
3	They have the right intentions. Unfortunately it doubles as a retail store. This gallery is predictable and afraid to step out of the box.
5	Loved this place when it was back in NoDa and love it still. Seriously, when family visited, I brought them here just to look around.There is just something haunting about the artwork of Duy Huynh. It strikes me, gives me pause, and makes me want to understand what is going on. He is one of the two artists to have instantly resonated with me enough to want to buy an original of his. Perhaps one day when I graduate from school. In the meantime, I shall be enjoying my window shopping.My focus on Duy Huynh should detract from the other artwork: the pottery is also top-notch, they have interesting jewelry, mugs, and collages (which are another favorite of mine). Stop on by, you will not regret it!
4	As my girlfriend is a pottery-holic I had to stop in here to check out what they had to offer in the way of a Christmas gift.  I'm glad I did.  They have some really beautiful stuff here and most of it, if not all of it, are local artists.  The young lady working there while I was there was very patient in explaining the artists works and helping me find a perfect gift.  As a solid bonus, her husband is an artist that has multiple paintings on the walls and she threw in a free reprint of one of his paintings for me.  That was really cool and I hope to frame it soon.Support local and shop here!
