1	Don't let the decor and pictures fool you.  This place is shit.  We were the first table to arrive on Saturday for dinner.  We had 12 people and there were no other diners in the whole place except 2 people at the bar.  After 3 hours a friend and I still had not gotten the 2 rolls I ordered  the two she ordered!  We finally canceled them!   While there I tasted some food of others that had gotten theirs.  Meh...not great.  The baby octopus cooked in a soy type sauce was nasty.  Normally I am a big fan, but this was like eating a dog toy treat; chewy, and goop in side.  Of the 4 who tried...none said they would order it again.  Edamame was undercooked and cold.  The waiter did not know what flying fish egg sushi was, and finally brought some in a bowl.  We had to send it back to be made with rice and seaweed.  Really?  Do you work in this restaurant?  While we are at it....horrid service.  Waiter never knew who ordered what and was a mess trying to figure it out the whole time.  No manager on staff to complain to.Top it all off, they added 18.5% Grat on our bill!I will not return, and suggest you find somewhere else in Vegas to eat.  Lord knows there are enough of them.
5	I loved this restaurant. I was in Vegas for the weekend and this restaurant was right across the street from my hotel. It was just for convenience that I stopped in so I wasn't expecting much but I was so pleasantly surprised. Immediately when you walk through the door, the ambiance and decor take your breath away. It is so beautiful inside. The waiter couldn't have been friendlier. It was a nice relaxing meal. We tried four different sushi rolls and they were all great. The salmon skin roll was my favorite.  The garlic edamame appetizer was fantastic as well. I will definitely be going back next time I'm in Las Vegas!
2	The sushi is not bad here but it was a bit pricey for what you get. I ordered the salmon lover and spicy salmon but spicy salmon seemed to have a better flavor (and its cheaper).Being a college student going to vegas it hit the budget a bit hard, so you can get cheaper sushi (all you can eat) at yamasushi a little farther off the strip.The sushi was decent but I had to take off star because of the terrible service we had. The waitress was nice but it took us FOREVER to get our food. Not only was there only one very slow sushi chef but I remember seeing our food on the kitchen counter for 10 min before it was even brought to us. This would have been understandable if the restaurant was actually busy! When I ordered one extra roll the wait took another 20 min, and when we got our check we found that they overcharged us.
4	For those that don't know, Rising Sun added a daily happy hour (5-8 i believe...); which includes some very good rolls at a pretty decent price. I have eaten there a few times and am actually surprised they aren't busier.  I recommend it as a top 3 sushi happy hour in las vegas.
4	While attending CES, I stopped by for happy hour. I stuck with the 1/2 price menu. Tony, the chef, was very cool as was the rest of the wait staff. The sashimi I was served was fantastic, very high quality. The wait staff was extremely genuine and friendly. I think it is a great place to go, especially if you are like me and want to get out of the hotels.
4	Pleasant surprise.  Tried it because it was convenient and will return. Nice decor if a little bright. Happy hour prices are great, but a little pricey otherwise. Server was friendly and attentive, but there was a moderate language barrier. Went as a group of 8 and the chefs kept up pretty well. Sushi was excellent.
2	this place is like the Subway of Sushi places. Nothing worth writting home about. Id come in here for lunch but they dont open til 5. They arent date worthy, not that fancy. the food aint bad and the staff is decent. needs a better selection of beer.
5	Excellent!  Ten of us went for half price happy hour and ordered a bunch of everything.  Service was excellent, the place was very clean and the food was fantastic.  With drinks, our total came to less than $35  a person.  Will return!!!!
1	I'm not sure what's going on at this place, but I had to come straight back to update this review to spare other tourists the bad experience. So, my boyfriend and I thought we'd try the sushi place across the street from our hotel during the last night of an impromptu Vegas getaway. We should have kicked in a few more bucks and tried another higher ranked and more recently reviewed place.The dinner experience began with an out right lie. We called earlier to ensure that they were open and check for specials and were told by a male staff member that half-off sushi was in effect for 10pm-12am. When we arrived, the waitress had no idea what we were talking about and refused to honor the deal. We decided to stick it out, since we were both craving sushi and had already waited a little late for dinner. The sushi was worse than half-off grocery store sushi. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if the chef grabbed it from a gas station on the way in to work and served it. Definitely the worse we've ever had. We were actually nervous after finishing up our meal that we would be sick later. The rolls were poorly constructed and had no flavor at all. The redeeming qualities were the miso soup and the green tea, which had great flavor and were served at the perfect temperature. The service was good, but not enough to make up for the terrible sushi. The bill came to $55 for two sushi rolls, two green teas, two side salads and two miso soups. A little more than annoying for such a terrible meal. We would have been better off ordering a pizza from Papa Johns. I'm going to wrap this review up and enjoy the rest of my trip, but stay far away from this place if you're accustomed to well made sushi. You will be disappointed.
5	Let me start out by saying that I'm half Japanese and my uncle, aunt, and cousin all own high end sushi restaurants in Kyoto, Japan.  When I say high end, I mean that you sit down and you don't get a menu and no prices are shown anywhere.  Yes, you're going to pay lots of $$$$$ and be ready to break the bank.I lived in Las Vegas for 2 years, and The Rising Sun has amazing fresh food and is authentic!!! You can pay top dollar somewhere else in Vegas, and yes, you'll get a nicer atmosphere, but as extremely picky sushi fan (you can read my reviews of other sushi places), you cannot beat this place for the price you pay.If you're ever in Las Vegas, this is a must-go-to spot.  Quite simply, this place has the best Japanese sushi west of the Mississippi.
5	Great food and inexpensive
1	The atmosphere is great, but things go downhill from there.  I used to come here often and enjoyed the rolls--until they changed the happy hour menu to limited and not so delicious choices.  The "daily" happy hour is so variable: if business is slow, they close; during weekends there is no happy hour.  This place is unreliable. Also, s...l....o...w.... wait staff.  The food was sitting at the counter for a good 5 minutes staring at me.  I was about to pull a Larry David from "Curb Your Enthusiasm" and pick it up myself, but thought otherwise.   Even if this is the closest sushi to my place, I don't come here anymore.  My new spot for sushi is Kobe Sushi Bistro on S. Rainbow!
2	This past July, my friend and I randomly hit this sushi spot because we were craving sushi.  After just landing in Vegas and have some drinks in our room at Bally's, we were ready to just get some food in our bellies.The restaurant itself is nicely decorated.  Modern seating, contemporary colors, an aquarium and contemporary music (mainly Pop, if i'm not mistaken) completed the atmosphere.  We had the Ninja Roll and the Las Vegas Roll.  Quite frankly, they were both OK. Nothing stand-out about it, but nothing gross.Nothing special but nothing to write off.
4	Staying at the Westin just down the road I was curious to try this off the strip sushi place with its 1 through 5 star reviews. Just to clarify, happy hour is every day from 5-8pm. I was the only one there although it was a little early.so service was very good. The happy hour selection is pretty good with rolls, sashimi and many skewers as well as beer, sake and mixed drinks. One of the best deals is the selection of premium sake at half off. I had a large Sapporo and 3 rolls and was out of there for $28. An awesome deal if you ask me, the rolls were very good, not the best but for the price very tasty. The music was a little loud but that probably means I am getting old. Highly recommend this place.
5	Best sushi in town and great service.  I love seeing a family owned and operated business.
5	I went for happy hour and the deals were great :) Drinks between $4-$6 (as far as I can remember) and the rolls are $6-$8.  All on happy hour. The sushi tasted great! I loved all the rolls we ordered (vegas, cherry popper, geisha, miso yummy). I chose the ones without cream cheese.   They also had some other non sushi menu ranging from $3-$5. I ordered the scallop wrapped in bacon ($4.50 I want to say) and it was delicious!!!!! but not sure if it was worth the price because all I got was one big scallop wrapped in bacon on stick, but to be fair it wasn't as simple as it sounds. There was some green onions and other great seasonings to makes this so tasteful. Presentation of all the dishes were wonderful. The decor was lovely (bathroom is beautiful!!) which was something I wasn't expecting based on its outside appearance. The whole place felt clean. Service was wonderful. They were always making sure we were doing well granted that we were the only ones there on a Tuesday night. Happy hour is from 5-8:30pm and 10pm to midnight (close).I would definitely come back for sure. I wasn't disappointed by anything on the menu, the place looked great and the prices were decent.
5	I am very impressed by this place.  Although they do not offer AYCE, they have an awesome happy hour sporting 1/2 priced special rolls, some sashimi, drinks, and other goodies. (warning, not all regular items are 1/2 price).They have some very interesting special rolls, the most intriguing is the hangover roll which has sausage, bacon, mayo and many other ingredients, yet truly works.  We loved the Mi So Yummy, Wild Geisha, Las Vegas, Cherry Bomb, etc.Tony is awesome and if you are lucky, he may even come have a sake shot with you.  The decor is more comfortable than most sushi places I have been and they even have a few flat screens so you can watch the game.It is hard to find due to the glut of signage from larger establishments but it is certainly worth it.  I will be planning a UYE in December so keep your eyes open!
5	Where should I start...the food, service or atmosphere?  All three were wonderful and  better than I remembered and I have a good memory.  The only problem with having food this good is I eat WAY to much and shouldn't need to eat for a day or two.  The portions are large but the quality is still very good.  Although they don't have all you can eat, I ate all I could and it was still just about the same as most common sushi places, but the quality is much better.The service was as good as I remembered.  The staff seemed to really be invested and interest in if you liked the food, and was genuinely cared if  you were enjoying yourself or not.  The prices are more than reasonable and the atmosphere is upscale without being pretentious or stuffy.  Guess I can't go wrong on where I start or finish when it comes to Rising Sun, as long as you go too...you won't either.
3	Came to Rising Sun sushi restaurant on E. Flamingo Rd (across from Tuscany casino) for a recent UYE.  The restaurant is nicely decorated, plays a fantastic playlist of music, and is really clean.One of the main selling points of this sushi spot is their Happy Hour (in addition to their regular menu, they offer a limited HH menu of food and drinks). They actually have two of them (5pm-8pm and 10pm-midnight, excluding holidays).  Another for out of town visitors staying at nearby casinos and resorts is its proximity to the southern end of the Las Vegas Strip.Personal highlights of the food I tried are:Miso Yummy Roll (shrimp tempura, avocado, cucumber inside and topped with salmon and miso dressing) being one of my favorite.  Cherry Popper Roll is good too.  If you like California Roll and tuna plus a little spicy orange sauce, then you will like this.Their Japanese Chicken Meatball served yakitori style is a nice salty appetizer, and I think everyone at the table enjoyed it.  Hangover Roll is an interesting one. It has hot link sausage, avocado and cream cheese wrapped in bacon then tempura fried, with sprinkles of parmesan cheese, scallions and drizzles wasabi mayo.  I am glad I tried it, but will probably save room for something else in future visits.Wild Salmon Sashimi was good. It is not the traditional sashimi (just slices of fresh fish) served in Japan, but new style sashimi made popular by Nobu.If I was rating the restaurant solely based on food, creativity and taste of the rolls, service and ambiance it will get 4 stars.  But factoring in the overall price/value, I would have to only rate it 3 stars.  The main reason being that nigiri is not part of the HH menu, and at regular price is more than most off-Strip non-AYCE sushi restaurants in Las Vegas.3 stars (A-OK).
5	I love this place!!  The service is great and the food is unbelievable.  My absolute favorite is what I call the cucumber roll (not so sure of its real name) so..... GOOD!!! Ive been to a few place's in town and Rising Sun is by far my favorite for sushi. Tony and Hayley are always extremely welcoming. I visit so often that they know my name and always greet me with a kind smile. LOVE!!
5	The best service and ambiance we received in an entire week of 22 dining ladies, was here.  The saddest part was finding it the day before we head home, or we would have been here every single night!We hit up happy hour, and our server, Irene was awesome.  She was sweet and helped us navigate the menu to maximize what we spent in comparison to what we got. The beautiful decor was not lost on us, and we marveled at the thoughtful layout, art, and lighting fixtures.I think we ordered one of everything that was a part of Happy Hour.  There were a few rolls that would not have gotten rave reviews had they not been half price, but overall, we felt we got a good dinner with excellent service.  It was truly refreshing after dealing with the Las Vegas 'we'll never see you again, why should we be gracious?' vibe.  Tony, the owner, followed up to make sure we were happy, another little detail we appreciated.  Next time there is an occasion to party in Vegas, it will most def be accompanied by multiple trips to Rising Suns for dinner!
5	Love this jap spot! This is right next to the meridian, where I usually stay in vegas. No wait when you come here, the place is clean, and you can even sit on couches during your meal! loved being able to stretch my legs out and comfortably eating. I ordered the shrimp tempura udon! The bok choy was so good in it and the broth was perfect. It tasted like there wasn't a lot of sodium (which I liked) and it tasted overall healthy. They portioned the soup and udon perfectly, which i appreciated. However, I did not like how the shrimp tempura gets soggy inside the soup, next time I will request no shrimp tempura, or if they can put if off to the side because it keeps breaking apart as it was inside the soup. yuck. But the soup was great, I will be here again!!!!! The customer service is awesome! They tried accommodating our entertainment needs by changing the channel on the TV for us, which was sweet because they didn't have to do that for us! My cousin also enjoyed this place as well (she got the yakitori and was very satisfied), good job guys!
4	my friends and I had a sushi craving, and Rising Sun is close to my friends condo where we were meeting so we decided to try it... turned out to be a good choice! They have a very nice and comfortable atmosphere, the service was good, no pressure or rush, and best of all they have a great happy hour which gave us a chance to try a lil bit of everything as well as making it an affordable experience.  Oooooo and you MUST have the spicy garlic edamame! Yummy!
5	Great sushi. Sashimi is fresh and tasty with awesome service. A must try!
5	Great sushi with really good sashimi!!!
2	Went here for happy hour last night and the waitress was horrible! Was not friendly at all and took forever to take our orders even there was only 2 other parties. Will not be coming back. The happy hour kind of sucks.
5	Great atmosphere... Relaxing, quiet, comfy... Food is good... A few rolls are excellent... Great wonton soup(not on the menu)
5	Tony Tan!  You're the best!  Thanks for the service and for offering your place up for dinner meetings that I'll be conducting.  I'll be in touch soon to set this up.If you happen to be looking for good sushi @ the right price this is the place to rock!  The atmosphere is the best, the venue to relaxing and the there's not a bad seat in the house.Carry on Tony!
3	I had been coming here for about  2 years and I notice they sold the place. I went to eat with friends and every plate is different. Las Vegas roll, ninja roll, cherry blossom. Another not in a good way. Sorry to say but it was better before. And I think the prices went up too. Even with the happy hour. Only thing I can say is the new waitress is really nice and friendly very pleasant.
4	It was confortable place, happy hour made us have a good deal.  Chicken ball was not Japanese styke Tsukune, it was different.
4	My husband stopped in here for a late dinner. Our server was pleasant and helpful. The atmosphere is a mixture of cool kickback and comforting at the same time. We had a wild and spicy sushi or something like that. Great food. I recommend getting soup for an appetizer.
5	Amazing sushi here. Great drinks and a nice get away from the strip. You need to stop by here when your in LV.
5	Awesome service right off the bat. The food is fresh and served quickly. Very accommodating staff for when speciality meals are requested. Really nice 1/2 off happy hour too. One of my favorite spots!!
5	I've eaten a lot of great sushi in Vegas, but none have been better than what I experienced at the Rising Sun!  Great food, great service!
1	11$ for a spicy tuna roll .... During happy hour ... That's all I have to say ... I can go across the street for 25$ all you can eat
4	Great happy hour specials 5-8 pm. Nice modern environment. Very friendly service. Not far from strip.
5	We've walked by this place a million times in the last 8 or so years of convention visits.  We had never given it a thought because we were always on our way to a bigger name restaurant with in walking distance of the hotel. We may never forgive ourselves for skipping it for so long.  We walked in to a wonderful looking restaurant, an oasis so to speak.  Seated in a cool round booth and then we were just amazed at the onslaught of food that we had.  Service was excellent.  Food was fantastic.  My boss and I think that it may have been the best sushi we've ever had.  If not the best than damn close.  Try the rock n roll roll.  It was so good, we used the garnishing to mop up the sauces.
5	Nice place and well worth the visit. I know I'll be back.  Good impression when you walk in - clean and modern looking.Food is very good with lots of variety.  They even have low carb rolls on the menu.It's just off the strip so very close. If you're staying at the Westin Las Vegas on Flamingo you could walk to this place
3	Good sashimi. Nice service. Very clean. Tempura batter too thick/masks the fish. One roll had too much mayo, obscuring the mild fish.
5	Delicious!  Way fresher than a lot of the sushi in California and it's in the middle of the desert!  Not too crowded.  I ordered the ginger house salad, low carb sin city roll and yellowtail sashimi.  It was all amazing!!  And their bathroom and decor is super cute too.  Well worth venturing away from the strip!  I'll be coming back here to try more of their dishes.
4	My favorite spot to take a date.  Right next door to where I live.  The spicy edamame is to DIE for, and so are the jalepeno poppers.  The sashimi a la carte is also excellent!  The only place I have found Snow Beauty; a unfiltered sake that is creamy and sweet.  Sometimes the only hang up is actually leaving here; staff can be a little slow to actually "ring you up" and bring you a check.  This the only downside about the place. With two happy hours though (including a late night reverse happy hour) it makes this spot ideal as all I have do to do for great sushi is walk right next door.
