4	High points for authenticity. The menu isn't in English, the TV in the dining area was blaring a telenovela, and the girl at the counter gave me a "Do you need directions gringo?" look when I walked in the door.Good, cheap, tasty food.
5	I... I love this place.  I do.  I mean lots of people say they love this place or that place or that they love the way this couch looks in the living room.  No.  I LOVE Taqueria Durango.  Did you ever see that episode of Pee-Wee's Playhouse where he says he loves ice-cream and then someone yells, "Well, why don't you marry it?" and he goes, "Maybe I will!" and the episode ended with a wedding and a sleepover?  It's like that.So, here it goes:  Taqueria Durango, will you marry me?  I know, it's a foolish thing to ask.  How will we get by?  I don't know, dammit!  What will people say?  I don't care!  Where will we go?  We'll stay right where you are and I'll eat the burritos you pump out.  Is this going to last forever?  Yes; forever.This place has changed ownership like three times I think since I first started eating there in, oh, 2008 or so.  Each time, the food remains overall the same with some minor changes.  When I first hit it up no one there really spoke a lick of English which never really posed a serious problem because we're making such a minor transaction.  I say, like, pollo asada burrito and they know what that is cause, y'know, it's in Spanish.  After that some angry-looking guy worked behind the counter for only about two months or something, maybe longer I'm not entirely sure.  Now we have this lady working there who's probably the NICEST person in this establishment's history.  And the food is as great as it's always been.And plus the place has such a warm, welcoming environment for some reason.  I once went there so, so, so stoned.  Like, I couldn't even believe it.  I was like, "How'd I get so high?"  But I ordered my tacos like a fool and no one raised an eyebrow or shook their heads in disgust.  I ordered my food, ate in silence and then got a wild hair up my ass when I got home and baked the worst loaf of bread in the history of me.Come eat here.  You'll love it.
2	Being a native Californian and a Mexican i crave tacos, but i crave authentic tacos and not that fake "white-washed" tacos. I want the real shizzle. So when i heard that there was an "Authentic" taco shop close to work, i instantly knew that i had to try the tacos there. So I pull up and this place is located in a pretty ugly strip mall, but my craving for tacos had me dash for the door. The place is pretty small and clean. So i ordered an "Al Pastor" burrito and 2 tongue tacos. The food was mediocre at best. The tongue was hard and too rubbery, i was really unimpressed. I personally will never walk back into this joint.
3	I don't know if I went to the wrong Taqueria Durango, but the map on this Yelp posting is different than the address and I went to the address...TD is not a bad place to grab a few $1 tacos - the pollo was incredibly seasoned and the steak (asada) wasn't bad either.  I was a bit confused as the menu was as Gringo as I've ever seen in a strip mall taco shop, but was surprised by the quality.  The salsa bar off to the side is a plus as well.There aren't a ton of options in the area, so if you're stuck in the Hardy and Broadway district, give it a shot and support some local business action!
