5	Do you ever feel all crunchy and wish someone would pick you up by the ankles and shake you out like a sheet? That's how I had been feeling before my massage appointment this weekend. Suzanne is a great massage therapist because I felt great by the time I walked out of there and I'm still feeling great 2 days later! The location is tucked away in the office complex just east of Max's gas station on the southeast corner of 12th St. & Missouri. I had a 60-minute aromatherapy massage ($80). I got to pick the scent I wanted her to use and she blended it with the coconut oil to make a custom massage oil just for me! She also put some in a diffuser and near the head rest. The scent was never overpowering. It was just right! The massage pressure was perfectly firm. While I felt relief from the tension I had come in with, I didn't feel like I had been beat up to get there. Also a nice touch, she popped a roller ball in the top of the vile with whatever was left of my "custom oil" and I got to take it home with me for a olfactory reminder of my awesome massage.Next time I treat myself to a massage, this is where I'll be going!!(PS I used a Spafinder.com gift certificate to come here. Waaay better than going with one of those chains that seem to be the dominant offering for redeeming those certificates.)
5	Back in August, I was wanting to get a massage so I asked my girlfriend Jenny if she had any good but affordable recs. She suggested Suzanne & I called right away to try & make an appt for that wknd. Unfortunately, she was already booked but had an opening the following Sunday, so I immediately took the spot for a 90 min classic massage. I had a lil trouble finding the location but I called Suzanne & she was able to guide me, even with my horrible direction skills-I am by a, uh building with balconies. Lol bless her heart! Suzanne is very personable & makes you feel at ease. We spoke some during my massage but not too much where I couldn't enjoy it. She applied the right amount of pressure for my preference & I was in heaven the entire time. My 2nd experience with Suzanne was late September, my mom got me a massage as a gift. This time I chose the lava shell massage. If you have ever experienced a hot stone massage, this is similar. But in my opinion so much better! I am going to try & see Suzanne once a month or at least every other month. I used to think massages were not necessary & just too expensive, but that was before I experienced Time For You with the amazing Suzanne! :) *Also, she has a website with a ton of info on it: www.timeforu.net
5	Suzanne offers a lot more than just bodywork. She also offers hypnotherapy, guided meditations, coaching, aromatherapy and other services. She has a website and radio show about personal and spiritual growth. She is a very warm and sweet-natured person who uses her intuitive gifts and wisdom to help you in the right direction.
