5	Love, love, LOVE this office!! Everyone is so friendly and even though they're busy, the wait is never too long. I absolutely love Johanna and prefer to see her on our visits because she has such a great personality with the kids.
5	My 6yr old has been seeing Dr. Pham since the day he was born.  All the staff is extremely friendly and attentive.  When my little is sick we are always able to get in same day.  They are always on time with appts and never been made to wait.
5	I have seen all three doctors (Dr. Pham only once in the hospital when my third was born).  Because he was the attending pediatrician I fell into this office and have felt grateful ever since.  The doctors are friendly (especially the PA Johanna!)  The staff is courteous, helpful, and really know their stuff!!  I particularly appreciate their knowledge on billing situations.  I have only had to wait once or twice, mostly I am seen quickly.  I've moved a lot and therefore have had my kids go to a lot of different pediatricians and this is by far my favorite office.
4	If I could do 3.5 stars, that would really be more accurate of a rating. While I do like Dr. Pham and Dr. Marcelo very much, the office staff can be a little touch and go.The front office receptionists are downright unfriendly. We had an emergency situation with my son's circumcision and all they cared about was collecting my co-pay rather than getting us back to see the doctor as urgently as possible. The back-office staff are a little nicer but haven't bothered to get to know my name and are a bit stand-offish at best with the kids. This is kind of a pet peeve for me. My name is not "Mom" well at least not what adults should call me. I should be called by my name...especially if I'm the one paying the bill. Additionally, when you are working with kids, you should be enthusiastic, friendly, and kind. It would put all the kids more at ease. Because I like Dr. Pham and Dr. Marcelo so much, I'll continue to come back to Surprise Peds but bear in mind that the office staff could use some work on their people skills.
3	Had our 6 month check up yesterday and it was just ok. The ladies at the front reception are still unfriendly and will actually take phone calls while you are standing right in front of them...even if they were talking to you first. The medial technicians don't actually talk TO my baby but will tell me how cute he is and talk to me about him. It would be nice if she interacted with him. She wouldn't even touch him until she had to give him his shots and even then, she didn't actually speak to him. They still call me "Mom" even though I've corrected them and asked them to call me by my name. Again, I'm not YOUR Mom and when I've asked you to address me by my name and you still don't, it's obvious that you don't really care about my business. Dr. Pham is great though and does listen but I think this will be our last visit.
5	I lived in Surprise and have been taking my two sons to Dr. Nicholas Pham for over 9 years.  We recently moved to Phoenix and I still drive the hour to see him because he is a one of a kind pediatrician.He has helped my oldest son through many transitions in his life and through many medical and sometimes emotional issues.  My youngest son is still a patient of his and he has helped with both routine and non-routine issues.  His insights, compassion and concern have helpled treat his ADHD and have allowed him to go from remedial classes to working above his grade level.Dr. Pham is a caring, caring man and I would drive from Tucson to have him see my kids.  THAT IS THE HONEST TRUTH!!!!
2	As I sit here with my 9 month old son, I am literally thinking of all the angry things I want to bring to the table at my sons 9 month check up this Friday. First off, I will say I chose surprise peds because they were referred to me by a family member. Dr Pham was the dr we saw at the hospital and seemed hurried to move on with his day. Over the course of the be the next 9 months we have kept our appointments and had no trouble with the office staff. Dr Marcelo is kind and soft natured but often uninformative. Dr Pham is more firm and comes off abrupt but is definitely well educated. So here is why I have given 2 stars... My son Kyle is no one special to them and it often feels like he is just another body in the waiting room. Recently, 2 weeks before Halloween my son became severely congested after doing all my mommy tricks ( humidifiers, saline spray, boogie suckers etc..) I finally made a dr apt. I paid my co pay of 20$ and was told " lungs sounded good, he has a cold" ok I left. A week later, he is STILL congested and now has a fever, back to the doc, $20 co pay, this time given antibiotics for sinus and ear infection, 10 days on that, my baby seems happier, but not better and had developed a hacking cough, back to the dr we go, $20 more dollars "lungs are good, just a cold" 2 weeks later, I am sooo fed up! I have a baby that has thick green mucous and can't sleep or drink his bottle, he coughs so hard he gags, his eyes are purple and blood shot... Back to the dr, this time dr Pham sees me and asks 20 questions and because he doesn't have a fever, rash and appears in good spirits I am told to give my baby 2.5ml of children's Zyrtec daily that its probably allergies and that I can expect him to be like this until at least April. WHAT?!?! So, fine, I give the Zyrtec every morning like I'm told to and for a week, I have a baby zombie. No coo's or giggles. Not interested in playing just sleepy and lifeless. Not to mention, STILL congested and coughing badly! We are now dealing with this for almost 2 months. I've paid at least 5 co pays in that time, bought baby Vicks, warm mist humidifiers, cool mist humidifiers, saline spray, saline drops, a nose frida( because the bulb was useless), children's benedryl, children's Zyrtec.... And here I am at 3 am sitting in a rocker with my baby because he has been up coughing and unable to nose breath all night. I just don't feel heard or well taken care of. It's not about the money, I'm not a antibiotic lover, but I am a mom with concerns and a 50 hour work week job. I'd like to get more then 3 hours of sleep, miss less work for what I will deem useless dr visits, and get some answers. If on Friday the dr's can't help us we will be looking for a different office.
5	Separate rooms for poorly and well children is a stroke of genius! A little bit of a wait, but that's no problem when weighed against the service you receive. Very modern facility with knowledgeable staff, and the administrator was just awesome. Having the ability to come back and get  shots for just $15 instead of paying another appointment fee was just a god send......glad I bought my children here. Now a loyal customer until someone tells me other places are free and give away candy to adults who sign up..... :p
4	Dr. Marcello was very nice, friendly and thorough.  Came in and shook my hand and all 3 of my kids. The wait time was very minimal only there less than an hour for all 3 kids to be seen. Very good experience. Very happy with all the staff.
5	Honestly picked them because they were close to home but I lucked out and am very happy with our choice. Dr. Marcelo has been the pediatrician that has treAted my daughter the most and has been kind and attentive to my Daughter's needs and issues. We have only seen Dr. Pham once but he also impressed me with his concern and knowledge. We have no major issues other than a diagnosis of an allergy to penicillin. Very happy with them.
1	We have had my son with dr pham & Dr. Marcello at surprise pediatrics and our experience was nothing but horrible. It takes forever to get an appointment. And because of the way my family was treated two of my close friends have taken their children out of this office as well. My son had been going to surprise pediatrics since he was a newborn. First he was a patient of Dr. Pham. Whom wasn't very friendly and didn't listen to my concerns at all. So we switched to Dr. Marcello. She was more caring and calm and talked to my son and I loved her as a doctor but when it came to time to make an appointment for my sons 9month shots (he also had an ear infection) I was told I couldn't be seen unless I pay for my sons circumcision that had been done 8months ago in full!! $363.00! I was flabbergasted. I told the office aid that I had been making payments and could pay some when I come in as well. &she told me. We cannot see him without payment in full. (I have insurance but of corse this is now considered a "cosmetic procedure") so I told her. I don't have that kind of money right now. I lost my job in June. What do I do then?" And I was told "take him to urgent care. There is nothing we can do." I couldn't believe it! You don't do that to a patient. They are more worried about getting their money than caring for their patients. So I took my son to urgent care and he had a double ear infection and was put on antibiotics and I'm currently looking for another pediatrician so he can get his 9month shots that are now overdue. I wouldn't recommend this office to anyone.
1	The wait here is usually always pretty quick but DO NOT get your son circumcised here! Dr Marcel did my son's circumcision and she cut way into the shaft of the penis she cut way too much on the left side and not enough on the right side. She botched my Lil boys circumsizion. I feel awful I paid 300 for them to deform my son :( now I still have to peel it back next clean it on the right side like he's not even circumcised. The other side doesn't look right and I read that he most likely will have painful erections later in life. When I took my baby back the doctor completely dismissed my concerns even though there was a large chunk missing out of the shaft! Not the skin the shaft itself.Don't let dr. Marcelo circumsize your boy. Once it's done, You can't undo it.
1	OK so I just called today at 2:00pm to get a one month old check up for my son to be scheduled for next week some lady named Amanda said that newborn's don't need a check up until they are 2months. That's false....  I had an appointment previously scheduled with my pediatrician in the east valley but, I'm moving to the west valley and needed a new pediatrician so I thought to give them a call but obviously there staff don't know what they are talking about. Well she doesn't.. So I scheduled one with a different office that said they do.
1	Awful place to bring your kid.  My son was born with a hernia.  The Hernia was stopping his testicles from descending.  Dr Sham,  I mean Pham said it wasn't a big deal and it would resolve itself.  He also ignored 7 ear infections over the first year, as well as not diagnosing him with RADS or providing us with a nebuliser so he could breathe.  We were first time parents and may have been too quick to bring our son to the Dr when he ran a fever or coughed all night.  And Dr Sham was very quick to point it out.  He frequently would roll his eyes, talk down to my wife and I, and leave the visit with out ever examining our son. Because we were recommended by a friend who just had her first kid 3 months before us, and she was recommended by her friend who had a 5 year old, we thought he was supposed to be good, and we deserved this treatment.  Again we were being overly protective as new parents.  Well then the day of reckoning came. The family that has the 5 year old was having immediate surgery to fix their son's undescended testicles.  This was interesting because Dr Sham told us there was no problem with our son's issue and it would fix itself.  Turns out our friend with the kid who was 3 months older then ours also had the same issue and her specialist recommended immediate surgery as testicles that do not descend in the first few weeks after birth will not, and there is usually a hernia blocking the decent.  Smash cut to us firing Mr. Sham and going to the specialist for the same procedure as our friends.  He missed it for at least the 3 of us.  The family with the 5 year old may never be able to have kids because of his negligence.Our new pediatrician is amazing, our son has never been more healthy since shaking free of that monster, and his practice. We got tubes for his ears and that stopped all the infections.  We got his RADS under control and now we don't worry that an attack could stop him from being able to breathe while he is at daycare.Please avoid this place and Mr. Sham, for your kids sake.
5	We have never had an issue with dr Pham or his staff.  Always get us in when boys are sick and he is very knowledgable.  Staff is friendly.
