5	OK yum!  This place just opened 3 weeks ago.  Not a lot of people in there when we went late afternoon... but boy oh boy was the food good!  The owner came to our table and told my sister and me all about the history of their restaurant.  His parents started a very sucessful restaurant in Philadelphia and then his brother opened another in the area along with a bar.  He and another brother moved to NC because they liked the area and decided to open their own place.  The cool thing is the high standard of quality of food that they brought with them from Philadelphia.  You can actually taste it in the quality of ingredients.  So very yummy!  Also, the cleanliness and friendliness is second to none.  Check this place out, it is truly yummy!
4	The thing I like the best about this place is the pride of ownership.  The owners were VERY attentive and eager to please.  The service was impeccable.  We had pretty decent steamed dumplings, but what I was really happy to find was a good place for pho (vietnamese noodle soup).  Came with all of the regular vegetables - bean sprouts, basil, peppers, lime - and was very tasty.   Three staff members basically lined up to say goodbye to us when we left.  There were other people there, though it wasn't packed.  I am glad we stopped here, as we were planning to go to Pho 98 but it was closed.  I was hesitant to stop at a place that is not too gorgeous on the outside that I do not know anything about.  Very glad we did!
5	Amazing.  This place is brand new and the chef (that's right chef and not cook) is from Philly.  Its right off South Blvd, but don't let the Korean cleaner type building fool you.  The inside is quiet trendy and CLEAN.  Try the spring rolls, dumplings, and stuffed grape leaves.  Yes I am fat now.  I also tried to Pho, which tasted strange at first (because no MSG), but wonderful.  All the dishes used fresh vegetables, and the chef even came out to say hello.  Plus, I could understand!!!  Skip Pho 98 that is next door, and come here.  You won't regret it, and your wallet will thank you.
2	Review of Vietnam Grille - Well, the food and atmosphere are nice. The place is very clean and accessible. The staff seem friendly.Two coworkers and I arrived at a slow time (only one other table is occupied). One of us asks the "chef" what he recommends, and we can't get an answer other than to try the "sampler appetizer plate," which was also the most expensive thing on the menu.Long story short, the food was decent, but nothing special. Better fare at the Siagon Palace.Lastly, it took 25 minutes from the time we asked for the check to the time we finally were able to leave! that is just ridiculous. Unless something occurs to change our minds, we probably won't be going back.
5	---Brace yourselves, as this is a VERY long review----Hanging out with other foodies in San Diego I was constantly dragged along on hunts for perfect pho. It was definitely a trend among the foodies to compare pho notes, finding the most bizarre and hidden vietnamese restaurants and bragging about it among other gourmands. The fact is, I never really liked pho, my friends would ooh and ahh and suck down giant bowls of it. I'd do the same, thinking to myself, well this is good right? I just must not get it. Pho never really seemed all that special to me.Having moved to the mountains of WNC, my cravings for vietnamese food have grown exponentially, not pho of course, but delicious spring rolls wrapped with lettuce and the like, maybe a bahn mi sandwich. The fact was, there are no vietnamese restaurants in Asheville, and you always want what you can't have. On a recent trip to Charlotte I sought out the most accessible and highest rated viet restaurant, which just happened to be Vietnam Grille. I couldn't have been happier.Open till 10, it fit right in with my schedule. Well lit, and open seating, I was pleased immediately upon entering. Wasting no time I asked for an order of crispy spring rolls. Delivered quickly PIPING hot, and amazingly crunchy, the spring rolls were like biting into little nuggets of heaven. A perfect blend of pork and shrimp.When my server returned to take my order, I was torn between three items. The house special bun, the deluxe broken rice, and the pho. I didn't really want the pho though, it's just... that's what people get. I asked my server for his recommendation. He informed me that the pho was amazing. I winced, and flipped a coin for guidance.Heads: Get the phoTails: Get something awesome!The coin launched into the air, and landed in my palm... heads. Fate had decided for me. It was time for the pho. Once again I was amazed at the speed in which my order was brought to the table. The pho came out steaming, beautiful. From the aroma it was instantly apparent that this was no standard bowl of pho. This was something special.I got to the process I'd seen time and time again, tearing up the basil leaves, putting the meat under the noodles, adding the sprouts and lime juice. Just as I went to reach for the Sriracha a man came to our table, he looked at my bowl and said, "Before you use that, try it first" "People always ruin the broth before tasting what the chef has prepared"I was taken aback, how could I be so rude? I instantly complied and brought a spoonful of the golden, transparent soup to my lips. To call it an explosion of flavor would be an overstatement, it was much more subtle than that. Tiny waves of flavor, layered together to form a perfect tapestry of delight rolled over my tongue. I had never tasted something so light, but full of character. Exceptional, something truly intelligent and delicious. Suddenly it became apparent to me what pho was supposed to taste like, it's supposed to be like this. 3000 miles away from my friends in desperate search of the perfect bowl of pho, I was sitting right in front of it, and relishing every morsel of it. And to think that if I were to have added even a drop of Hoisin or Sriracha I could have tainted this perfect creation.The man introduced himself as the chef and co-owner Ricky Lai. The rest of my meal was spent having a fantastic conversation with Mr. Lai about food, thought, practice, and the fact that Asheville is in DESPERATE need of a vietnamese eatery. It was truly a pleasure to find and eat at the Vietnam Grille. It will surely become a source of pilgrimage when the cravings for vietnamese food become overwhelming.
2	Lower prices than most of the other family-owned Vietnamese joints in town... but this place is not up to snuff for vegetarians.Two of the six entrees that are veg-friendly are sauteed greens. The other four are all slight variations on the tofu and vegetable theme, some with noodles, some with rice... blah. The goi cuon app we shared was passable, but not nearly as exciting as others I've had. Classic case of what happens when you tone down the flavors in this particular dish: you end up with a mouth full of rice paper, rice noodles, and bland tofu. There has to be a lot of herbs to brighten that mother up, and there were maybe two or three slivers of thai basil to be found.Of course, this was all compounded by my roving eyes; everyone else was happy (and all were ordering pho). The bowls and plates being delivered to the other tables looked tantalizingly tasty. So ya, I'm obviously missing the boat due to my lurv for the animalz.So there you have it:  the veg side of Vietnam Grille is dissapointingly close to boring ol' chinese stir fry. Maybe they'll beef (heh) up their selection one day, but 'till then, I'll stick to LV and BT.
4	Off the chain!  This is the only place I have ever picked up the bowl to finish the pho. Nuff said.
5	HUGE fan.I was in town on business, and my GPS is out of date--tried to take me to a Pho 98, no longer there. Disappointed, I began driving back to the hotel, when I saw Vietnam Grille--SWERVE!  Very hip ambience inside, attentive service, and decent prices.AND THE BEST FREAKING PHO I'VE EVER HAD!  Yes, I'm yelling. Yelping. I am a pho fiend. This bowl had no disappointment in it. Every aspect was perfect, from the rich, perfecly-balanced, slow-steeped broth to the noodles (exactly right) to the rare beef (still cooking as they arrived--tender).  Enough sprouts, lime and basil. The onion and cilantro were already in the bowl. Excellent Vietnamese coffee, as well. I hope we move there, because I am going to haunt that place.
5	My go-to place in Charlotte if I don't know where else to go!The first appetizer on the menu, which is the rice paper meatball wraps, are pretty much a staple now whenever I go. Pho is also very good, but recently I have been ordering a lot of the grilled pork chops over rice. They even put two runny eggs over it. OMG HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. The bun, which is vermicelli noodles with a light sauce is also very good. **TIP: if you are greedy like me and can't live without the taste of pho soup without leaving a Vietnamese place, I order a side of the soup whenever I get a non-Pho entree, haha. Smoothies are very badass as well, try the strawberry or the soursop.I go there a lot though, so I've noticed the music variety doesn't seem to change. One can only listen to Kenny G-like and candle in the wind instrumentals for so long. Other than that, solid place to go
4	My new Favorite Place!!!!!  You can taste the freshness in every dish.
4	Best Vietnamese in Charlotte...hands down. I've tried a good portion of the menu so here are my thoughts. AppetizersRecommended:  - tofu rolls, chicken and shrmp rolls, sauteed squid (awesome), stuffed grape leaves. Misses: dumplings (why get dumplings at a Vietnamese restaiurant anywy), chicken salad (average).PhoJust go down the list...chicken pho, tendon, tripe, flank stteak...all are phenomenal. Seasoned perfectly so give it a taste before you grab the siracha or hot chili oil. I would recommend paying the extra buck or two for additional meat - and it's easily two meals.BunAnother home-run...the pork meatball is out of this world...typically get that with spring roll and maybe add another meatball...whoosh!OtherRice dishes are really good, catfish stew/soup was awesome, vegetarian dishes are solid, etc.Ricky and Tommy are the guys you'll encounter both in the kitchen and front of house....super nice guys, tons of experience in the business and generally care that their customers are happy (sometimes a little bit overbearing but I can live with it)! Don't be scared off by the neighborhood....it's worth the visit!
5	Great food.  I'm a vegetarian, and although there weren't as many selections as there were for my meat-eating friends, what they had was awesome.  The crispy tofu with ginger sauce was amazing.
5	I have been waiting for the moment when we could move to Charlotte and I could eat pho at  the Vietnam Grille once more...lived up to the previous experience.Full of people this time--BUSY. Lots of different people. I love seeing this sort of diverse group enjoying great food together. The broth, meat, and noodles were still fab, although they stopped including the tiny shaved jalapenos in the broth, and I miss them.I usually prefer more than one tiny lime, but with broth this good, I wasn't upset. I added NO hoisin or srirachi--just doesn't need it. Yes, it's that good. I hate leaving any broth at all, but it is a big bowl. Someday I'll try the noodle bowl or something else, but for now--all I know is I get to live in the same town as the best pho I've ever had. And that makes me happy. Even in my crappy little (hopefully temporary) apartment.
3	The staff are very friendly. Immediately when we entered, we were greeted by 3 different people. They offer great service too.Each restaurant has different versions of Pho so we like to compare. We got the veggie pho and it had celery in it which is a different twist. We also wanted to try a bun dish as well. I didn't expect it to come out cold. It was tasty, but not satisfying (mainly due to me wanting something hot). Although I have to say that the grilled shrimp were very delicious! Their chili and oil condiment was very spicy and a very dark red.The space size is medium; I'm sure it can fill up fast on a busy night. The heat system was broken so they had a little space heater in one section. I wish they would have set us next to it.
5	Love this place! I'll make it short b/c I agree with all of the other 5 start reviews. Husband got pho, looks like they have solved the jalapeno issue b/c he got a plate with those on the side. Also, our server asked if he got enough meat & vegetables in it, and if he felt he didn't they would bring him more. Apparently they make a huge pot of a basic pho recipe and add to it depending upon your order, he said it was fine. I got bun, and mine was hot with freshly grilled pork on top. But here's the best part. While paying for the check I asked the owner if they server beer or wine at night. He said they didn't, but you could BYOB. yea!! He said you could bring beer or wine and they would provide the glasses and the opener. Now, if that's not a reason to go back for dinner -- I don't know what is!
4	The best pho broth I've ever had, and I've had a lot.  A great staff, clean atmosphere, and a fun and knowledgeable owner makes for an interestingly yummy Asian treat.  For the adventurous (and more of you Charlotteans need to be when it comes to food), there is the Special Vietnamese pho with tripe and tendon, my favorite.  Don't be afraid, they also have the more tame versions with out the icky bits I love so much.  Hubbie, a vegetarian, loves the shrimp curry which has a wonderful green curry sauce.  Heck, even their iced tea is good.  An interesting side note:  When I lived in Philly the owner's parents place was my favorite Vietnamese restaurant there, proving the apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
5	How many times am I allowed to review the same place?Third time's a charm...Fried spring rolls:  excellent. 5 year-old daughter chowed on them. Accompanied by lettuce, cilantro, pickled carrots/radishes and dipping sauce (would it be terribly rude to drink it?).  A couple of weeks ago I tried the rare beef salad from the appetizer menu. Wow. Not for the faint at heart, but I enjoyed this. It really *is* rare. Seasoned to perfection, topped with crushed peanuts and some greenery (I'm going from memory here--probably green onions and/or cilantro). Accompanied by lime wedges, marinated carrots/radishes and dipping sauce. I did have a side bowl of their marvelous pho--a visit wouldn't feel right without it. :-)The most important thing about Vietnam Grille (besides the pho) is that they pay attention and they care.They care about your choice of food and how you liked it. They remember you when you come back (months later!). They help you try something different.  That makes all the difference in the world between a place you merely like and a place that comes to mind every week.
3	This isn't your usual ghetto Vietnamese Pho place. There is an *actual* menu in plastic and everything. They also don't have 10 different kinds of pho meat toppings that most people haven't heard of... which is kind of unusual for all the Vietnamese places I've been to. And they speak good English, again, very unusual.I liked the spring rolls. I liked the pho. But the problem is, I just wish there was more of everything and that it was cheaper. I want more noodles, more meat, more bean sprouts! It's too hard to justify paying $9 for a tiny bowl when I know I can get a heaping bowl somewhere else for $6. I'd come back if I'm craving it, but I plan on checking out some other nearby options first.
5	Super friendly owner and very warm vibe - the wife will seat you and take your order and the husband will cook the dish and serve it.  Very charming place.The spring rolls are freshly rolled - a very rare treat. The pho is solid as are the bun dishes. I've ordered the pho tai gan - my only complaint is there could be more "gan" (tendon) but the soup itself is excellent. The grilled pork for the bun is also delicious.They are a bit skimpy on the herbs, but that is easy to remedy, just ask for more!This is a great find in Charlotte.
4	I had a great first experience here. The staff were very friendly and offered me tea and good conversation while I waited for my take out. This is a family business and it feels like it. The food was great. We especially liked the spring rolls and Pho. I'm looking forward to going back soon and I'll add more to the review when I do.
5	Came in on a Tuesday afternoon driving through charlotte. Pho dac biet and grilled pork spring rolls were excellent. Restaurant interior was simple but very clean, service was just as good. Give it a little time and this place will be packed.
4	I actually want to give them 3 and a half stars. But 4 total for service, friendliness and cleanliness. As soon as we walked in we were greeted by the owner. He is very nice, personable and pleasant. We ordered to go and he even brought out water with lemons for us without even asking. The menu is pretty small. They don't have much variety. Rather, it looks like their focus is on the core staples at Vietnamese restaurants. I didn't eat pho, but had a rice dish instead. I will have to return another time for dinner to try our their pho and provide an update. The com tam dac biet (combination) is pricey at $10.50, but fairly cheap in comparison to Charlotte's standards (sorry to beat the dead horse, but when you are used to paying an average of $4.75 for the same dish back in Ca, it's hard not to gripe about it). On the flip side though, Saigon Palace charges $13.95 for the same dish, but their com tam dac biet also comes with a few items Vietnam Grille is missing. The Egg rolls here are different, smaller and with a rice paper style wrapper. It also lacks the traditional dac biet items, a pork chop, a sunny side egg (can be ordered on top) and most importantly, the shredded pork. The shredded pork is one of my favorite items in this dish and I'm sad to report that this restaurant doesn't offer it. Shrimp was grilled perfectly, as most places usually overcook shrimp. Ironically, I prefer my shrimp overcooked, lol. One thing I do especially like here are their meatballs. They appear homemade and formed in an unorthadox sphere shape. They look more like sausages. The grilled chicken was also flavorful. Overall, it was a good meal. Service was quick and friendly. The owner even asked if I ever had their pho. When I said no and he suggested that I must try it. From the reviews of this place, I'm sure its good. And besides, who can turn down an invitation from a restaurant owner/chef? Since it's somwehat new, he makes an effort to know his customers. That might change if business picks up; but either way, it works and I like it.Based on the com tam, this isn't the best Vietnamese restaurant around town, but its definitely a force to be reckoned with. I'm definitely returning here again to try out their pho.
3	I went here for dinner recently.  I had the raw beef appetizer, which was quite good.  The pho was about average, nothing exceptional.  The service was very good overall and very friendly.
4	Finally, a decent Vietnamese place in South Charlotte.  Small menu, but they have excellent spring roll, and other classic vietnamese dish.   Service was good and the place is clean.  Lang Van still has a better selection, but now I don't have to travel to North Charlotte.
4	so far, this is the best vietnamese food i have had in charlotte. my sister introduced me to this place. initially, we had problems finding it again since it is in a rather obscure strip of south blvd. the food is freaking delicious! i got the "make your own" spring rolls. my sister showed me how to do them and then the waitress came back to show me how but i had already figured it out. plenty of food for the money but i wished they would have given me more herbs. i am sure i could have asked for more and next time, i will. the ambiance was ok. pretty standard vietnamese place. one of the tables had a crying baby but i can't really blame the restaurant for that. friendly staff, lots of parking, good prices, and lots of healthy options for food. i will be back!
4	really really great food freshly prepared with care.  extremely nice staff with a very hands on open book kind of vibe.  i had pho, grilled shrimp spring rolls and the special clams w/ chili and lime...all of the food was to die for.  the prices are hard to beat and i plan on eating here weekly.  only thing i wish would change is the fact they dont serve beer, not the end of the world but the only reason i couldnt give them a perfect review.
4	I haven't had Vietnamese food in quite some time...we're talking years here so I was really excited when a friend wanted to meet up at Vietnam Grille. He mentioned that he (quite literally) eats here four or five times per week...I can see why!Inside, Vietnam Grille is pretty basic and super clean. The owner and the waitresses were all very nice and made sure that our drinks were constantly filled and we were enjoying our meal. I ordered the spring rolls and the chicken pho. The spring rolls were very good and refreshing - wrapped in rice paper and filled with fresh shrimp, herbs and rice noodles - and came with a tasty dipping sauce. I could have easily (and happily) eaten five more for my lunch. The chicken pho was the star of the meal though. The broth was light and nicely seasoned and it was the most generous helping of pho I've ever been served. Seriously, there was enough for three lunches. The chicken was tender and there were a ton, and I mean a ton, of noodles. If you want to get a delicious lunch that will last for days, this is the way to go.
5	Ate here last night with hubby and kiddo. The best meal I have had in Charlotte, equal to any Vietnamese place in the San Francisco area or Honolulu, which are my points of comparison.The vegetarian spring rolls are fresh and the dipping sauce is handmade, not some goop from a jar. I had pork over broken rice and my husband had a grilled chicken dish, both had a nice balance of heat and were not overly sweet-- as so many Asian dishes are made to suit the American (and southern) palate.The service couldn't have been nicer, they were prompt and friendly and the overall tab was very reasonable. We will be back soon!
5	Vietnam Grille is a restaurant that  I visit at least 3 times a week. The food is incredible and the service is awesome.  I always order Pho soup and it is a healthy and great meal.  The summer rolls rock.  The meals are always hot and presented very well. The restaurant is very clean and this is huge plus. The staff is always there to fill your glass or get you something you need. Thanks for bringing Vietnamese restaurant to South Charlotte.  Look forward to many visits in the future.
5	I rate the Vietnam Grille the #1 of its category in town. Now I no longer have to travel to Central Ave for good Vietnamese. The commitment to perfection that owner Ricky pours into this restaurant is amazing and refreshing. Every morning Ricky personally goes to markets to cherry picks the freshest ingredients. Never frozen or even overnight stored ingredients are used. The fresh broth is cooked 7-8 hours for each day. You can't expect the dishes prepared with any more fresh ingredients that what Vietnam Grille offers. The broth is addictive that makes me come back at least once a week. The funny thing is that I never get tired of eating the same dishes. The menu is small and focuses on the main stream Vietnamese dishes. The restaurant is clean always unlike many others. The servers are extremely attentive yet not overbearing. Now they call me by my name as I walk into this place.
5	Great food.  Love the Pho with meatballs.
5	Excellent pho...some of the most developed flavors I have tasted in pho.The restaurant is just lovely inside...very clean and modern looking. The staff are so nice, very attentive...the owner came out and talked to us, even brought us back to the kitchen to see the boiling pot of tomorrow's pho!We also ordered the broken rice special...it had shrimp, chicken, meatballs...and was really good. The fish sauce served with it is fresh and tasty.Spring rolls...very good, we loved them!Bring your own wine...they have a bottle opener and will provide glasses. It is not a problem at all, they encourage you to bring your wine if you want. For two people, appetizers and entrees our bill was $24...To me, this is the absolute best value I have ever had in Charlotte...You just can't beat this fresh, tasty, wonderful food at this price.
5	This place is a great find.  I had the steamed dumplings and pho tai.  I must say the pho was the least salty tasting I have ever had.  All the ingredients were very fresh and the place was immaculate.  Service was great as well, plenty of parking and it is priced right.  I will return the next time I am in Charlotte.
5	I've continued to frequent this place and the food and service remain five stars. Just good food at a decent price (get over it, you are in Charlotte, not in California or if you really want to compare and complain, HCMC).
5	thanks to my fellow yelpers, we visited the vietnam grille today.i have no point of reference when it comes to viet food, so i went in as a virgin...yay!  we found it very easily and was happy to see the YELP sticker on the door!since i've never eaten viet food, i had a little trouble with the menu but the server was so sweet and answered all of our questions.  when we ordered the large appetizer where you can make your own spring rolls, she warned us that it was a lot of food, but our stomachs took over and said "that's okay".  well, she wasn't kidding!  it was a lot.  and we ordered other food as well!my dining partner ordered chicken/shrimp/meatballs and rice.  it looked delicious.  i ordered the pho.  it was excellent!  we even took most of that home because we filled up on the appetizer.the food is absolutely delicious and i cannot wait to go back to try something else.
4	After seeing rave reviews for this place, I had to check it out. I've never had Vietnamese before but love other Asian cuisines so it was time to pop my cherry. In kind of a random location on South Blvd in the Sports and Fitness strip mall along with a Rent A Center and other small shops. If you're driving south on South Blvd, you have to make a u turn at the apartment complex right south of the restaurant and then you will be there. I wasn't sure what to go get but I heard from many that their Pho is great but after a weak lunch, I needed something with more substance and went with the Grilled Beef Bun  I absolutely loved it!! It was so light and flavorful along with all the sauces they provided table side. When it came out, the smell somewhat reminded me of pad thai because of the peanuts. I had the intention of eating half then take the rest home but was starving that I cleaned the plate--the portion was huge and worth every bite! I felt like we ordered and BAM the food was out in an instant so that is a huge plus in my world. Kind and attentive staff  with instrumental music (I noticed "Unbreak My Heart" and "Easy Like Sunday Morning") that was soothing and enjoyable. One of the tables near us had the make your own spring roll sampler and that looked fun with a huge platter of goodies and would love to try that next time because there will DEFINITELY  be a next time with this place (with beer in hand)
4	ooh I really enjoyed my lunch at the Vietnam Grille.  My party was seated immediately the owner gave us a warm and friendly welcome.  The biggest problem I had was choosing what I was going to eat.  I decided on the vermicelli with beef the beef was grilled perfectly I would definitely order it again.  I constantly get cravings for Thai and Vietnamese food so I'm glad I found this little joint.   Now does anyone know where in Charlotte you can get bubble tea?
5	I am a pretty big fan of southeast asian food these days, so its nice to finally start finding more legit places in Charlotte.  I havn't been to Ben Thanh yet, so please excuse my ignorance for now.Outside of the asian mall, this is where its at.  It ain't the prettiest thing from the outside, but Waaaaay more for real, than Pho real.  The broth is spot on.  First time I went was for lunch after a very late evening.  The absolute perfect hangover food.  And i havn't really strayed from the dish yet.  The pho has worked every time.  If these guys had Banh mi, I'd make it a weekly adventure.Plan to start working on the rest of the menu soon, will update asap.Word on the street is BYOB?  Havn't tried yet, but that could get interesting.
5	been eating at rick's since he opened.  his pho is by far the best i've ever eaten.  my husband is italian and and being a cook for a living, i am constantly trying to educate him on different ethnic foods other than micky d's and pasta or steak.  this is the one place he actually asks me if i want to go out to eat to.  i love the byob.  i like ben thanh also but my husband complained they don't give enough food for the price.  i would like to support kahn and his family as well but live by the airport and that's just too far of a drive especially after drinking.  they need to put more stuff on the west side.  foodies live on this side of town too!  btw, i'm getting increasingly disappointed with the thai restaurants in this town.  don't get to eat in much since my husband isn't partial to thai, but take out pretty much sucks.
4	Love this place! I haven't had a bad meal here yet.
5	This place is great. One of the best Vietnamese places I've ever had. I was skeptical when I pulled up because the place is really pretty unimpressive from the outside and is located in a gloomy area of town. But I've learned better than to judge a book by its cover. When I stepped inside everything was clean and modern looking and the hostess took care of me right away. I ordered the spring roll (unfried pork / shrimp) and the beef and meat ball Pho with extra rare beef on the side. The spring roll tasted fresh and crisp with a hint of mint. The Pho was sensational. It was on the spicy side (which I like) and the broth was excellent with a very rich flavor. The quality of the meat was also excellent. I'd love to go back again and highly recommend Vietnam Grille.
5	I have never been so impressed with the level of service anywhere as I was with Vietnam Grille last night.  After being seated, Chef/Owner Rick Lai immediately came over to our party of 8.  I indicated that my children had never had Vietnamese food and they were extremely picky eaters.  He asked if he could just take care of them and bring some things out for them to try.  He started with a big bowl of chicken pho and one of beef pho for the table.  Then came spring rolls....char-grilled chicken rolls....and pork dumplings.  He was so accommodating  and entertaining that when we got up to leave my boys said "this is definitely a 5 star mom".  Dining out is not just about the food, it's about the entire experience.  And Rick Lai and his staff do an outstanding job.  They are passionate about their business and it shows!A couple of side notes:  BYOB....they have the wine glasses!  And the pork chops looked and smelled to die for.  I'll definitely try those next time around....
5	There's a reason why most of the reviews here mention not only the great food, but also the service.  The owner and chef is one of the most immediately likable people I've ever met.  Bob and I stopped in after a long sojourn to the mall (wedding registries are energy vampires), and we were in desperate need of good food.  The food was great, all right.  Bob had a delicious bowl of Pho, and I had the Bun house special (to try every type of meat they have).I was surprised at how delicious my bowl of noodles were.  They looked simple at first, but with the grilled meatballs (so so good) and other meats, the in-house fish sauce*, and the cucumbers and lettuce shreds on the bottom to mix throughout, it was very good.  More than that, it was heartwarming.  Comfort food!  I think any Southerner can enjoy that feeling, in whatever language.I had a long chat with the owner, who talked about how much he cares about fresh ingredients, the best quality ingredients, and authenticity.  He's not a fan of food from cans--he can't stand the baby corn and water chestnuts that most Asian food is doctored with.  He also tries to keep his food affordable, and almost every entree on his menu hovers around 10 dollars.  Love!And, by the way, he said he keeps tabs on his online reviews, so he knows where he needs to improve and how.Oh, and this place is clean, clean, clean.  The bathrooms were sparkling.I think that's all you need to know.  We'll definitely be back, as soon as we need some more heartwarming.  Maybe as soon as a week or two from now, when it's sure to be much colder.*Do NOT shy away from this stuff; even the owner agrees that a lot of fish sauces are nasty and fishy, and this is his version...it is delicious--savory and not fishy at all, so at least try it!
5	Alright...considering I've never had Vietnamese food, I would have to say this is ad good ad it gets! Ha! Went here for some Pho (Fee, fi, Pho, fum?) Not sure if the saying and the good are related...oh wait, I do know...disregard :)Started with spring rolls which were ultra fresh, followed by the Beef Pho, which comes out ultra hot! I mean hot like put a towel over your head and cure a cold hot! Flavors were amazing, and I look forward to going back. Very unpretentious and the service/owners are so nice!
4	Call me a purist, call me picky, call me neurotic. Yelp isn't working with me here, I need a half star. Vietnam Grille is gnarly, but just doesn't quite have everything I'm looking for. And for that, I can't give them a perfect score. I need 4.5 stars puleese. (p.s. 4.5 stars is still a Great indication of how good this place is...).Several visits later and the pho is always and still tasty and consistent. The food has meticulous, upscale presentation. While preparation isn't traditional in the sense of classic Vietnamese restaurants, the flavors are still the same and even better. Springs rolls are fresh, homemade meatballs are still yummy, and the vermicelli will leave you feeling healthy.Service is always good, and the owner is always happily ready to greet and chit chat with you. He appreciates your business and I appreciate his humility. Don't miss out on this gem on South.
4	Vietnam Grille is located on South Blvd in a non-descript building that would be easy to miss.  Inside you'll find a very clean and bright dining area with friendly staff that are very polite and helpful.  There is a wide array of dishes to choose from: dumplings, spring rolls, grape leaves stuffed with pork, broken rice dishes, noodle dishes, and pho.  I got the broken rice house special in order to sample a good range of what was offered.  It included spring rolls, meatballs, chicken and shrimp and was delicious.  I was really impressed by the presentation - it is nice enough to be a dinner place and not overpriced.  You could get away with spending a little under $10 for your meal but most likely will be at about $15.  I'm looking forward to visiting again soon!
3	Not as good as I expected from reading other patrons' reviews.
5	updating to 5 stars, the food its way way way out of this world good and fresh.  rick is doing it like it should be done, i eat there twice a week.  bravo VG.  I love this place.  went there last night got two orders to go and was out of there in a few minutes, got home, put my pho together thew way i like it and didnt make it to my seat on the couch.  it is PERFECT, BEST VALUE IN THE ENTIRE CITY OF CHARLOTTE!!!
3	Having seen this place reviewed too many times by fellow Yelpers, I had to go out and give it a try.  As a weekly connoisseur of Vietnamese food in Charlotte's mainstays for the cuisine (thanks Lang Van and Ben Than!, I wanted to make sure I wasn't missing out on the next great thing.  Having tried it now, I can say it is good and (mercifully) cheaper than the competition, but it still needs a little work.The first issue is location, I don't know about you, but I had a to make a special trip that far down South Boulevard.  And even then, I got the pleasure of pulling a U-y to get on the right side of the street to enter the parking lot.  If you are coming from uptown. this means you too.  The building itself is small and rather non-descript, standing as an outparcel on the edge of (yet another) S. Blvd. strip mall.The inside was small but adequate and quite clean.  I don't know why this is apparently mandatory at Vietnamese joints, but they also had the jazzy-elevator music in the background pumping all the classics.  I also got a kick out of the wall "art" which was a very exact clock and calendar with the "moving water" around a non-descript island- so kitsch it was out of place.Our waitress/server was a young girl how did not strike me as overly prepared for the job.  At first I wasn't sure that she was not another customer as she carried this small purse around with her that I later came to understand was where she kept her note pad and extra menus for taking orders.  That said, she did check on us several times and clear plates quickly.Carnivores are in luck here as the menu was broken down by your meat of choice.  All the regular Vietnamese offerings are here- bun, pho, etc.  You basically pick your protein and voila!  Veggie friends need to turn to the back of the menu for a small offering of dishes, all of which basically have tofu (with the exception of the stir-fried mixed greens, which didn't sound over-appetizing).  I actually like tofu in my asian dishes, so this was okay for me, but the menu was a little light here and was especially weak considering the cross-town competition.The wife and I had the tofu summer rolls and I have to say, they are quite a bit larger than elsewhere in town, and apparently this is due to the sheer volume of rice noodles inside the rolls.  I was pleasantly surprised to find the fresh mint and lettuce tucked into the very center, but the taste was somewhat lost of the volume of noodles.  I'd have toned this down to let the fresh herbs do their thing.  Luckily the peanut dipping sauce was nice and plentiful.Apparently their hot sellers are their Phos, as every other table around us had this dish.  Kudos to the huge bowls and plates of fresh herbs that came with these dishes.  I could easily have shared just one and we'd have both been stuffed.  The portions were enormous and if that didn't fill ya, well, there'a gotta be a buffet somewhere nearby you can shut down.For the wife and I, we went with the veggie curry and despite its appearance, it was quite taste.  Curry was yellow and a nice mix between spice level and pungency.  It had some mixed diced veggies in the sauce, but oddly came with a side of plain steamed broccoli.  Thanks for the veggies, but I didn't order curry because I didn't like the heat.  An opportunity was lost here.Having looked at the final bill, though, I was pleasantly surprised.  Lunch for two for under $20, now we're talking.  In fairness, we did split the entree, but it was plenty sufficient for for us.  Still, the (comparatively) limited menu and missteps in the prep of our dishes holds this Grille back from becoming the new talk of the town.
5	Never having eaten Vietnamese food before, I was excited to see Vietnam Grille open and earn rave reviews at a reasonable distance from my workplace.  I enlisted a more-experienced co-worker and we made our way down South Boulevard for a Friday lunch.Vietnam Grille is not in the trendy stretch of South Blvd, but it's clean and the staff are quite professional.  I accepted the advice of my co-worker and tried the pho with brisket.  It was love at first taste.  The soup itself was velvety and delicious, and it's served with a fun array of add-ins (which is standard when it comes to pho, as I understand it).  Our waitress was attentive and courteous, and our food arrived quickly enough after we ordered.My only point of criticism is that drinks are served in cans, and you have to pay for refills.  This normally doesn't bother me, but if you are not careful with the chili garlic sauce, you might find yourself desperately in need of replenishment.  Fortunately, water is free.
4	I was in the mood for Bun, but I was torn - try a new Vietnamese restaurant or stay with one of the usuals? I chose to check Vietnam Grille out, and I am so happy I did.I don't remember the last time I had Bun (the winter months had me stuck on Phos) but this was really good. I went all out, the #33 house special - meatballs, fried spring rolls, shrimp, chicken, etc. Their sauce was a really nice blend, not too fishy (one of the women credited the use of a milder oyster fish sauce, not super strong fish sauce). Everything in the bowl was cooked perfectly, I was just very happy.The lunch clientele was a nice mix - police officers, groups on lunch breaks, tables of one. The staff, honestly, sealed the deal for me. Although two women filled my water, the chef took my order, and another man actually brought me my food - they were all so friendly, easily striking up conversations and genuinely wanting me to enjoy my food in the best possible way. So happy I have joined the masses already enjoying this establishment!
4	For the first time trying Vietnamese food I was really impressed. Everything was fresh and the service was excellent. The location isn't great but I guess that's what makes finding these places so exciting. I would definitely recommend this place to someone interested in trying something new.
4	I just ate here for the first time and it was amazing in everyway. I had Pad Thai extra spciy and a reasonable bottle of wine with a friend. Service was friendly and attentive, restaurant was clean and inviting. I would definately recommend to others!
5	Pho Tai Nam and Pork Chops!
3	Having been to Vietnam, I am a bit of a pho snob. While the pho here is adequate, it is not super amazing for me. I feel like the broth could have been a bit richer in flavors. Couldn't really find many hints of charred star anise, clove, cinnamon, cardamom, and cloves that make up a well crafted pho broth to my disappointment after reading reviews about how awesome the broth was on here. However their broken rice dishes are very tasty, filling, and inexepensive! They also have a large variety of other dishes here to try out as well for the more adventurous.The restaurant itself is very clean and cozy. The service here is very friendly and helpful as well! The owner came out and chatted with my dad a bit. This was a good find in an unexpected location.
5	The grilled pork bun is, hands down, my favorite dish in Charlotte! Vietnam Grill is spotless and the staff is so friendly.
4	I was born and raised in hawaii and vietnamese food is quite common place there.  I definitely enjoyed the food here, very tasty and the staff is very friendly and welcoming.  I got to speak with the owner/head chef at one of my visits and was quite thankful for the business.  I've tried the Pho, the soup that they serve there, the summer (shrimp rolls), the noodle bowls, and one of the broken rice dishes. As you can see I've eaten there quite a bit, lol.  Still, you can't go wrong with a place that has good service and tasty food.
5	Tonight I enjoyed my dinner at Vietnam Grille. The wait staff-Kim, An & Johnny are awesome.  The food was incredible. Alex, the owners son is very hospitable and the customers think he is very pleasant.   The chef is Rick, the owner and he always makes sure the food is presented well and at the correct temperature.   I eat here 6 times a week.   I have a reserved table everytime I come in.  Upon my arrival, Alex greets me at the door.   I would recommend Vietnam Grille to anyone who is searching for the best Vietnam restaurant in Charlotte. Try any PHO dish-they are amazing!
5	Wonderful local restaurant. Super clean, friendly with very authentic and tasty food. Try asking for some recommendations. We tried the soup, dumplings and curry, all of which were great. Highly recommended.
4	I had dinner last week with my wife.The food was excellent. We had spring rolls with peanut sauce.grilled shrimp appetizer, shrimp had a nice grilled flavor!wife had some sort of chicken with rice and I tried the Cat fish stew that was fantastic( IT was pan sauteed some how and simmered in a thick sauce)I'm getting hungry thinking about it!
5	I know that this already has enough 5 star reviews but the Pho and summer rolls are outstanding. I'm somewhat of a Pho snob and really love good broth. This is the stuff that tastes like it took a couple days on slow simmer to make. Great food will be back on my next Charlotte trip.
5	Vietnam Grille gives me tummy-wood every time I go there.  Is the food good you ask?  Pho shizzle!  Vietnamese dining is generally a light and fresh experience...and the VNG always comes through with well balanced flavors.  Each spice speaks for itself without overpowering the others in all of the dishes I've tried.  The prices are very reasonable and the service is excellent.Recommend:  The Pho (Not for the chopsticks novice)  Slurp away!
5	On some of the unbearably hot days we have I sometimes wish the temperature would magically drop so I can enjoy a bowl of pho from this place.  Its just not the same eating something that hot in the summer.  Although the bun is really good and refreshing, I just really enjoy pho.  Specifically I just go for the sliced flank steak pho, and for the bun I go with the char-grilled pork.   You can tell everything is fresh.
4	I wanted authentic Asian food and read the reviews here.  So I decided to get some Vietnamese noodle soup just before getting to the airport.   This is a mom & pop type of place and the waitress was like a kid (owner's daughter or niece?) - perfect setting for authentic food.The pho came out quickly and was as tasty as in any other big city with a Chinatown.  Noodles was perfectly done (not mushy) and the soup base tasted nice.  I was a little worried about MSG, which would cause extreme thirst after the meal.... I'm happy to report that I did not have that MSG reaction.  It's rare to find a place that doesn't use MSG to the max and instead really put quality ingredient and time into a soup base.... I FOUND IT HERE.   I had the spring roll as well. The waitress wouldn't let me order a half portion (1 roll instead of 2) which I thought would've been an easy accommodation.  Anyway, for 4 bucks, I went ahead and got the order.  What I got was borderline disaster... tasteless, very few ingredients other than the rice noodles inside, and shaped really small.   It looked like some kid made it for fun.   So.... in conclusion, I'll come back for another pho next time I'm in town.
4	Food was outstanding and the service was great. All the others reviews were spot on for the positives of this place. Probably wouldn't have tried it on outward appearance alone but the inside was nice and very clean. The staff was friendly, attentive, and polite. Would definitely go back again!
3	I went back for a 2nd visit, given it is pretty close to the airport.  The pho noodle bowl was still as good as I remember.... Lots of meat and tasty broth.  I didn't get a MSG overload this time either.   The mistake was ordering a non-pure Vietnamese dish - shrimp w/ spring vegetables.  The dish had plenty of shrimps, but not very tasty.  The veges (Chinese Choi Sum) was depressing. The thing I like most here is the food comes out quick and hot.  The waiter got my order wrong but upon pointing it out, they cooked up the correct dish within 2-3 min.
4	I, myself, and vietnamese and have tried all dishes from all vietnamese restaurants. The pho here is delicious! and i've introduced a few friends here as their first time vietnamese food experience, and all of them love it and have told me they come back! The staff is awesome, they are never hesitant on trying to make your experience the best. The location is the only thing that gives me this 4 stars. It's just I am SO close to getting in there to eat coming from Scaleybark on South Blvd and then the fact that I have to make an awkward u-turn into the apartments beside it sucks.Other than the location, this is where I want to eat when I get pho cravings...and not close to family's home!
3	good service and decent food. ive been spoiled by good viet food and this place isnt bad at all.. i guess i have to adjust to paying almost 10 bucks for a bowl of pho and 5 for 2 spring rolls, when i was used to paying 6 and 3 respectively in tx. other than that i cant complain
3	I had the tofu spring rolls and tofu dumplings for apps. Lemongrass shrimp over broken rice for an entree. Pretty good - healthy food. Still felt hungry however. Would like to try again. I feel like I could do a better job of ordering next time - perhaps a soup bowl with noodles would be in order. I don't think that they serve beer which is unfortunate.
4	I'll be honest and say I'm not incredibly familiar with Vietnamese food, but my boyfriend loves it, and we were in the mood for some good Pho last night.  We tried Pho Hoa in Plaza Midwood, and I thought it was pretty good, but the beef was a little fattier than I would've liked (which in a pho dish, is kind of unacceptable...it's the star of the dish!)  I'm very happy to say we didn't have that problem with Vietnam Grille.  We started off with the crispy spring rolls, which we dipped in mirin and chili paste and wrapped in the lettuce--so good!He got a bowl of flank and brisket pho, and I got a bun dish with chicken (vermicelli and chicken and other goodies at the bottom of the bowl).  Mine was fantastic (helped by the fact that the dish came dry, and my BF created a delicious sauce for it from mirin/soy/chili paste/and a little fish sauce).  Chicken was lean and well-seasoned, and everything melded together beautifully.  His was tasty as well, although instead of cilantro they brought it with Thai mint, and I thought that was a bit overpowering.  But it still tasted terrific!The service was excellent--frequent enough to see if we needed anything, but left us alone most of the time.  And the restaurant itself was clean and comfortable and quite nice.  Highly recommend this place, and I'm already planning my return trip!
3	Another perfect 3.5 in my book.  Very good pho.  Beef broth just rocks.  I had the sirloin and meatball combo.  The meatballs left a little to be desired, but the soup overall was very good.  Dumplings to start, were very good as well.  I would have given it 4 stars if they had tapioca pearls for the smoothie (tongue in cheek).  Ha.  Good place.
1	Normally we hit Saigon palace when were looking for pho in charlotte, but it's time we branched out and started looking to see what else is out there, especially since the palace is not the greatest pho.   Yelping this place with an overwhelming 70+ reviews which outpaced other viet restaurants in the area, I had my hopes up but didn't let my expectations get too lofty.Man did this place disappoint big time. Everyone got a bowl of pho. And what I got was an expensive (9.25 for a regular size bowl is outrageous in any area of the country besides Charlotte for some reason) watery bowl of nothingness.  Meat  completely non existent. Veggies sparse.  Noodles even lacking which is usually used to replace lack of meat.  Meat was overcooked and not a beautiful medium rare. I tried to enhance the watery bowl of pho by asking for some fragrant nuoc beo but obviously this place did not have it. That means they either cook the pho with pho flavored cubes or beef broth cans with lean meat and not huge stock bones with lots of fat.  I recommend every pho loving person avoid this place at all costs.
1	The pho is very disappointing. Having lived in California and ny, I know a good bowl of pho. You can always tell if they stew their broth for hours when you can ask for nuoc beo which is a rich oil they skim off the top. This place did not have nuoc beo which means their broth is not made properly or made from flavor cubes or cans of beef broth instead of stewing bones for hours the traditional way.  The meat was almost nonexistent and the noodles boiled too soft where it was disintegrating into the soup.  gross!  They should really take the words "authentic Vietnamese cuisine" off their sign.Save your money and go somewhere.
5	Got buon thit nung.. yummy!! I love the way they  cook it!! and unlike most asian restaraunts, I dont feel tired after i finish eating!! Love this place!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE vietnam grille!!!!  the food is absolutely amazing and the staff is extremely accommodating and friendly.
1	I believe I stated in another review for a Vietnamese restaurant that phos generally tasted all the same. However, this restaurant's pho is actually not as good as the others, for several reasons, including poor ingredient and other sanitary reasons. I'd have to say that this place has pretty decent service. The owner likes to chat the customers up and is generally extremely cordial. Sometimes he does talk a bit too much because most of the times I eat out with a friend to chat with them, not the restaurant staff. He'll just keep talking and talking about how he's from Philadelphia and his experience and other things, and I can't really tell him to stop talking because I don't want to be a d!ck about it. Their fresh spring rolls are pretty good. They do fill it with a good amount of pork and shrimp. Can't really get these things wrong. Moving on to the pho. They're quite stingy with their sides. I usually get the combination pho. The raw flank beef they use is not very good quality. It tastes very... gritty. It just tastes very different from all the other phos I've had before. Does not taste as quality as others. The broth is decent. One time I was there with my family. The four of us all got pho. My sister's pho came with a hair in it. We returned it for another one. Here's the kicker... They brought the bowl into the kitchen, and not 20 seconds later they came out with another bowl of pho. This time without the hair. My mom didn't say anything for fear my sister would waste her bowl of pho knowing that they probably just took out the hair and brought the bowl back to us (she's only 12 and a very picky eater). Needless to say, we haven't gone back since and probably never will again. The owner is a nice guy though.
5	We went over a year in Charlotte before discovering Vietnam Grill, and that delay ranks as our #1 regret since moving here. It's easy to miss, the stand-alone-in-a-strip-mall-parking-lot facade hiding a hub of tasty cuisine with fresh ingredients. For those who haven't been, it shares a section of South Blvd with more well-known staples such as Bill Spoon's BBQ and The Clock. It looks like they've had a few bad reviews of late, but our visit today was as good as ever. We only go about once a month, but the servers remember us right away and it only took about five minutes from order to service - perfect for a quick lunch. The Bun dishes, especially the grilled pork and grilled meatball varieties, are always terrific. If you're not familiar, Bun = room-temperature rice vermicelli, a few mixed veggies (including some greens), topped with your meat of choice. Their house sauce, served on the side, is a smoother, cleaner version of a fish sauce. There's no real reason *not* to use the entire thing, as well as some of the house made chili sauce, but feel free to try just a little to get started. The Pho is my other favorite, particularly the brisket & flank steak combination. Other options include tendon, tripe and meatballs (different from those served on the Bun), but I personally choose to get as much steak as possible because I'm a simple creature. Fresh sprouts, jalapenos, and basil are served on the side to add to the hot, delicious broth at your leisure. Again, I see no reason not use everything, but maybe I'm just a glutton for goodness. I've had their spring rolls, summer rolls, and salt-baked shrimp on random occasions and enjoyed them all. I'm not a big appetizer person, though, so it's more an issue of personal choice than worthiness of the dish. For the dinner crowd, an interesting distinction: this place is BYOB, so plan accordingly. Daniel (@CharlotteBeer) is a better pairing suggester than I, and he thinks a Saison would be a great +1 for any beer lovers looking to drop in. Finally, I love this place because our family always has a good time there. The servers and chefs have all checked in on us and our year-old son during our visits, including spacing the delivery of our dishes during the months when the little guy was feisty at the dinner table, thus allowing my Pho to be warm when I finally got to eat. Big ups to any place willing & able to accommodate patrons of all shapes, sizes, and ages. There, now I'm hungry for another trip back to Viet-nomnom.
5	Very good food.  Sooo fresh and the best quality ingredients I have tasted at a vietnames restaurant.  The owner/chef Ricky will let you get creative by creating your own dishes.  His whole staff is friendly and I love to go there.
5	Slowly, I'm eating my way through all the Vietnamese restaurants in Charlotte.  After recommendations from two people in just as many days to check out Vietnam Grille, I moseyed my way there to check it out during dinner break.  Definitely not seedy like another I recently visited, VG is bright and clean.  Tiny, and packed with people on a Tuesday evening.  People were bringing in their own bottles of wine, and very clearly having a good time. Ultimately, the bun is just delectable here.  Noodles not gummy, cooked just right.  Plenty of grilled flavor in the chicken and meatballs.  Lots of crunchy peanuts and scallions, but where was the cilantro? I usually can't get enough cilantro in my Vietnamese food, but surprisingly, I didn't miss it in this dish.  Good sign. Liked how fresh tasting everything was, and the little details like the extra long chopsticks, and carrot slivers, cut with a ripple pattern. The iced tea is nice and strong, served with lime.  Biiiig plus in my book. Nothing worse than weak tea. TIP: The service is really friendly, and the dishes came out lightening fast.  Next on my list it to try the pho!
4	Great pho!  I had 27, rare steak and well-done brisket.  It was great. My wife had 35, pork vermicelli, which she found good but not great.  The best part, however, was the appetizer, the meatballs. Great meatballs and fresh ingredients to make you own wraps. Look forward to going again.
3	Three 1/2 starsPretty good food, but not the best, three stars for that. Very simpatico dining room and friendly service make for a pleasant meal,  another 1/2 star.I tried the special of the day, a seafood Pho. A very generous portion and like I said, pretty good soup but one ingredient (anis?) overpowered the other flavors in the mix.  The bun with pork "meatballs" (looks like sausages to me) is real man-food, again pretty good overall with the exception of the meatballs which were delicious, "to die for". I wouldn't drive all the way across town just to eat there, but I'll definitely stop by when I'm in this neighborhood.
4	Might have just found our new favorite Vietnamese restaurant! Pho was tasty and a huge portion! The dumplings were amazing!! Can't wait to go back to try more!!
4	My kids and I enjoyed eating here. We all ordered Pho. The smallest size was more than enough for my kids to share. I really liked that the server knew to bring me a laddle making it easier to split my kids bowl. The soup was hot which I mention because I have been in some places and the soup was not hot enough and the noodles remain in clumps. The broth had a nice taste and service was great keeping our drinks filled. I often have my children with me and if they generally like the food thats a good sign. They both have eaten pho in many places and really enjoyed the soup here. When in the area we will definately visit again.
5	This restaurant is not only the best Vietnamese restaurant in Charlotte (by a long shot), it is the best oriental cuisine in Charlotte.  I've eaten about half of the menu and I haven't found a single dish that I dislike.  The ingredients are fresh and of superior quality.  The service can sometimes get slow during the lunch rush, but if you are a repeat customer, the staff acknowledges and strives to meet your preferences.  Ricky, the owner has his finger on the pulse of this restaurant, and it shows in the quality of this fine restaurant.
4	Very good food. Server/owner was super nice helped with ordering. Have been back since and it is consistently good.
5	The food and service was phenomenal! I went with my parents, who had been to Vietnam and they said it was as good, if not better than the food they had there. I had the Ban pork and my husband had the broken noodles and my parents had the Pho. All were delicious!! I can't wait to go back.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants. The atmosphere is very soothing and comfortable. The noise level is very low and their decor is nice. I've come here a total of 3 times: once with a friend, once with parents and once by myself. I always start off with their shrimp and pork spring rolls. Love love love them! Their phos not the best but they're not bad. I usually get their rice vermicelli with char-grilled pork, which is delicious!
4	This was my first time eating Vietnamese food and I wasn't disappointed at all.  My husband ordered an iced coffee and I quickly followed suit.  When it arrived, I was pleasantly surprised by how good it was.  I am used to very strong coffee so when I go out, it's hard to find coffee that I like but this one was simply amazing.  I decided to try the Pho with meat and meatballs and my husband ordered the Pho with meat and tripe.  I loved the basil leaves that they give you to add to your meal and thought the broth was pretty good.  The meat was tasty but the meatballs weren't that great.  If you decide to order the Pho, I would recommend that you try it with something other than the meatballs.  My husband enjoyed his bowl of Pho as well.  We will definitely be going back here sometime soon!
5	This place is great. The food is fresh and delicious. As my wife and I entered, we were promptly greeted and sat. When we sat,  we were relaxed by the soft lighting and soothing music in the background. My biggest issue anywhere is if the server let's my drink go empty. Here, my drink was never less than half. I loved it. I found my new spot for Vietnamese food.
3	Came here for lunch on Sunday, wasn't very packed, but bustling.Ordered the pho dac biet, and it was definitely a larger bowl than I expected. There was a really strong smell of some spice (nutmeg, perhaps?) that made the broth taste different than what I'm used to, but it wasn't terrible. There was a good helping of tripe and tendon, but I felt it was a little lacking in beef balls (I got like 4 halves).Oh, I also tried the cha gio (crispy spring rolls), and they were okay. Didn't have as much flavor as I'd like, and the skin was kind of... chewy, but overall, tasty. And it was five rolls for like $3, so definitely worth it. Service was okay, nothing spectacular. Overall, I'd recommend a try, but I think I'm going to try another one next time I'm in Charlotte.
5	Have eaten here several times now and have never been disappointed.  Good consistent food.  Another great yelp find..
3	Sadly my hu tieu was really noticeably too salty, really damaging an otherwise tasty bowl of soup. There was a generous amount of ground pork and some small dried shrimp along with some normal fried shrimp but I just couldn't get over how salty it was.I will be back to try the broken rice and bun though
5	Another great little place to grab some yummy pho. The owner is also the chef and the pride shows through in the other dishes as well ( try the bun). While perhaps not as over the top service as Lang Van, the food is top notch and the service good. This is not a fancy place , but a simple little place with good food and good service.
4	first time here and it was really nice! doesn't look to appetizing to me on the outside but I was pleasantly surprised once inside. give it a try!
4	A great place for Pho. I always order the Pho with Tripe and it's delicious. The service is good and the food comes out fast. I have tried the Spring  Rolls and was disappointed. They were not very flavorful and greasy. I stick with the Pho and I am always satisfied.
5	Awesome! Clean, fresh and delicious. Get the pho, some of the best I've had.
5	Excellent food. Great service. Very friendly chef. We are Asian food buffs from SFO and this IS the place for a good Vietnamese meal. All around two thumbs up. Try the tomato crab soup.
5	Our friends took us to this place and I can't thank them enough for introducing us to Vietnamese cuisine and from the reviews here, the best Pho anywhere in Charlotte!
5	Nondescript little restaurant that may not have the best pho in town but is definitely in the top 3. What makes this 5 stars is the tendon in their pho. Most places that have tendon in their pho usually toss it in as an afterthought; you get a few measly little  pieces. Just enough to piss you off. Not at Vietnam Grille! It's like having a never ending bowl of tendon soup. Big chunks of tendon; some slightly chewy with a nice resilience, other pieces just melt in your mouth.Last time I was there I requested my pho with all tendon; it was fantastic. The owner came out to see who ordered it; probably wondered what kind of freak orders a pho like that. He asked if I had tried tripe; yeah back in the day Mom would cook up that mushy nasty  stuff. I was like thanks but no thanks. He bought out a sample and this tripe was much different. Not mushy and foul smelling like what my mother made, this tripe had a nice texture with a bit of snap to it and a neutral scent. It was something that I would try again and am glad the owner let me sample some. He was great and genuinely interested in his customers.There are other things on the menu, including a raw meat dish that I plan to try. If it wasn't on the other end of town for me I would eat here more.
5	the special seafood pho was really good!!
2	Came here for lunch with a friend one day... and I guess my darn expectation ruined it for me again.  With an overall good review, I thought I would get better food.  The truth is, it's so forgettable that I forgot what I had.  I believe I had the seafood noodles in soup.  It's quite pricey for the little seafood I got in my bowl.  With the amount of Vietnamese restaurants in Charlotte, there are better options.  Amazingly the place was pretty packed for lunch.  Guess location location location.
5	This place is awesome!! A friend and I went last night. We eat had bun and I also did some take out for the boyfriend. The bun was fantastic; fresh, quick & the pork wasn't full of fat like it can be in some restaurants. Everything was clean & the restaurant progressively got more and more crowded as we ate. I've found my new Vietnamese spot!!
5	Fantastic. Coworker brought me here to try it out. I now find reasons to bring new people tothis restaurant and introduce them to the pho, rice wraps, broken rice plates, and my fav, #34.
5	I usually stay at executive park and tend to look for odd eats when I travel. I found this little place last year and go back every time I'm in town now. Don't be afraid of the raw steak appetizer. It is fantastic. Sliced just thin enough to be wonderful. With cilantro and mint and topped with peanuts add some great crunch. Add a little sriracha to perk it up.The #31 special Pho is the best. tendon, tripe, beef, pork in a great broth. the first time I visited they had brains as well, but I didn't specifically request it and this time, no brains. Still fantastic. $22 before tip to be completely stuffed with healthy, well prepared food. Can't beat that.
5	Think about a place that makes you feel at home....vg does that for you. Comfortable surroundings, great servers, and delicious food. The pho, house vermicelli (with egg on top is a must), and curry are great! If your a sauce person like I am you will be ecstatic because the table is stacked. Oh boy...The staff will start to recognize you when you go enough and provide you with things that aren't on the menu. If you enjoy great food, low prices, and did I say great food...then head over.
5	Service is great, food is phenomenal. Try the grilled pork rolls and the pho tai nam. You won't be disappointed! CT runs a great show.
4	Last time we were in Charlotte I dined with my parents at Vietnam Grille. We usually go to Saigon Palace, which is only a few blocks away, but this time we wanted to try something new. Vietnam Grille is fairly small and homey and is obviously family owned. It would be difficult to accommodate a very large group here but it is a nice and cozy place for a couple or family.The menu is ranges from soups, noodles and rice dishes to traditional Vietnamese dishes and beverages. We tried the pictured house special vermicelli, which was very good - lots of picked carrots and radishes and tasty meat - as well as the seafood noodle soup. The soup didn't stand out as much as the vermicelli, but the fresh spring rolls were very good - one of my favorite foods! I don't think Vietnam Grille has the yellow pancake (banh xeo) we like so much on the menu. For that (and for large groups) I will keep going to Saigon Palace - or back to Vietnam - I hope to finally put some food photos from my SE Asia trip up soon! If you are in Charlotte Vietnam Grille is a solid choice for reasonably priced tasty food. I look forward to trying additional menu items on future visits.
4	We were in town recently and had to try Vietnam Grille due to the high ratings. It was so lovely at lunch- we went back for dinner. All in all, we sampled the seafood pho, beef pho, crispy spring rolls, grilled squid, stewed catfish, & a huge bowl of bun! It was all fabulous- if I lived in town- I think I'd go at least once a week, but there was a guy at the table next to us who eats there every day! Anyway- it's a cool little place in a kinda ho-hum location, but the food & service will knock your socks off.
5	OMG I love this place! Vietnamese grape leaves have to be my favorite new food find.  This place is so addicting I ate here three times last week and I'm already wanting some more.  The service is fast and friendly.  If you like Vietnamese give this place a try.
5	The Pho train continues. Know this place to be one of the most highly revered in town when it comes to authentic Vietnamese, and I'm happy to jump on the bandwagon of believers. It's quaint, very simple inside and located off of South Blvd. Headed north on South Blvd, it's easy to turn in really quick. Located in the parking lot of Sports & Fitness. The rice paper rolls - best I've had in Charlotte. Very thin vermicelli, mint leaves were spectacularly fresh, crispy tofu and the peanut sauce was just wonderfully flavorful. Had to sample the pho, per usual at any vietnamese eatery, and I was thrilled. Simply put, it's just perfect. Savory and smooth broth, spiced well, filled with crunchy scallions, bean sprouts, fresh jalapenos, vermicelli, and a nice helping of thinly shaved beef. Two entrees and rice paper rolls for only $22. We'll be back really freaking soon. So good.
5	I haven't had Pho this delicious since leaving the West coast.  I am so glad my friend told me about it in passing because it made me so happy to have good pho again.  The broth was delicious and complex.  The shrimp and pork rolls were fresh and delicious.  I hate it when you order spring rolls and they come out with iceberg lettuce, old tasting shrimp and not cilantro or mint.  Vietnam Grill did not do this.  If you are a true lover of Vietnamese, this place will not disappoint.
5	Outstanding pho!
4	The pho broth was very good.The grilled pork fresh rolls were overly expensive at 5.95 for how big they were, particularly as the chicken ones were 4.75. The grilled pork was very, very dry. It had decent flavor but it was hard to tell because they were cooked way too much. They were tiny also, but overall flavorful.The meat for the pho tai was more cubed than it was thinly sliced.  The broth was heavy with lime and the smell of cloves. Very little, if any, cilantro in the soup's base. The noodles were good and came apart easily.Overall pretty good. I would come again but I wouldn't order rolls.
5	One of the best restaurants in Charlotte.  The pho is excellent, and you'll find it hard to  have better service anywhere.  Try it and love it.
5	Being half Asian myself (Filipino), I of course love Asian cuisine. In my almost 50 years of life, I have had mixed experiences when it comes to Vietnamese cuisine. However, and thankfully, Vietnam Grill was definitely a PLUS! From the outside, it looks kind of ordinary. But don't judge this book by its cover! The inside is much nicer than the exterior suggests, and the food is the star here.To start, we had the Cha Gio (Crispy Spring Rolls). Now one thing to keep in mind about Vietnamese is that they are meat eaters.....more so than other Asian cultures (with the exception of Koreans who love meat as much). These spring rolls reminded me of my Mom's rolls, who stuffed them with plenty of meat. This one was loaded with pork, onions and mushrooms. And were they ever yummy, especially with the Asian fish sauce (which we called Patis). For dinner, my wife had the crispy pan fried noodles with beef, and GOD were those ever delicious! They loaded it up with beef and a wonderful brown sauce which were soaked up the crunchy noodles. They they topped it with lots of fresh Cilantro, and what a flavor rush!I had the Traditional Vietnamese Hot and Spicy Curry with Chicken. This too was good, but not nearly as good as what my wife had. Not sure about the "hot" part of this dish as I didn't think it was hot at all. In fact, I wouldn't even qualify it as "spicy" let alone hot. Still it was tasty.It seemed like everyone around us was enjoying Pho. So next time, it's the flank steak and briskett Pho!Overall an excellent meal and I can't wait to try their Pho!
4	I love the char-grilled pork in the Bun. Use to work close by and been there numerous times and never disappointed. Service is very efficient and friendly- just regret I don't work close by any longer.
5	The food was really good and fresh. I ordered a vermicelli bowl with pork and shrimp and they are really generous with the  portions. I also ordered the crispy eggrolls and they were delicious. I will definitely try them again next time I'm in town.
5	Best Bun in town! First time? Get #33!
5	The service was great! The food was better! I will be going back. :)
1	I hate doing this, I really do, but once you read this you'll totally understand.  I don't want to start my Yelp account on a negative review but I have no choice.  They say that only 10% of unhappy customers make a complaint to the restaurant. Well I guess we were in that 10% this time which is very rare of my girlfriend and I to be in. We walked in at 8:25 pm, 35 minutes till close so we thought we were there in ample time to have a great dinner. The table staff were very prompt and very polite in taking our order, but it went all downhill from there. My girl ordered the traditional hot and spicy chicken dish (#52 in the menu) and I ordered the House Vermicelli which seemed to be a very popular dish in the Yelp reviews. The food came out literally within 5 minutes after ordering as it probably should have since we were the only ones left. Once my girlfriend took a bit of her chicken, she instantly realized it was overcooked as it had a very rubbery feel and taste.  I also noticed that the little pieces of chicken I had in my dish was also overcooked.  So I called the server and told her about her dish.  So the chef (probably the owner) came out to ask what was the problem, and once we told him the issue we were completely shocked with his comments. He stated that unlike other Chinese restaurants he does not put baking soda in the chicken to keep it moist. We understand white meat chicken can get overcooked quickly and I told him that since this is white meat, it seems to have been done so. What does he turn around and say? "That's why I don't order white meat, I prefer dark meat. I only cook with white meat because Americans prefer white meat." What kind of response is that? Are you serious!! I asked him if he could make something else and he denied our request and said the kitchen is now closed and there is no more food. My girlfriend had no choice but to eat the broccoli with white rice. We didn't mention anything, hoping that they would just take out this dish from the bill, but they didn't even do that.  The owner noticed all the chicken on the plate when they cleaned up and so he came back out of the kitchen again, not to apologize, but to say the same thing about chicken and to say "Next time try the Shrimp." I'm sorry buddy there will not be a next time.   Oh, the weird part which we realized after we left was a couple of the servers were having their meals... the kitchen is closed?  Really? The food sucked and even though the young girls working were super sweet, the owner just made the experience pathetic by making us feel completely stupid.  We ended up going to Cheesecake factory thereafter to grab a snack since she was still hungry and there was no other place open. Lesson of the day: Do not walk into a restaurant 35 minutes before they close and ask all the Asian restaurants if they use baking soda with their chicken.
5	I looooove this place! I drive all the way from Weddington to eat here all the time! I purposely over order so I can take food home.  Meatball rolls are heaven! As are the summer, spring, and pork rolls!  I order the Pho with the meat raw on the side.  The staff is soooo awesome! I barely have to order, they always remember what I like! Cant get enough of this place, all my friends are hooked.
5	This place is outstanding every time.  We always get a vermicelli dish (bun).  They have no problem letting you mix and match--for example chicken shrimp and spring roll.  Vietnamese food is so easy to eat, I could eat here several times a week.
3	It was my third order - the first two orders on Chicken Pho noodle soup - they prepared it very very well for a take out, the broth - excellent and brothy.  Now this time - I'm baffled, it didn't turn out well. I haven't dined in yet.  Overall, I could not really figure what went wrong. Maybe it's bad timing (yet absolutely NO excuse)? However, the waitress who took my order was very friendly and the amount of time waiting for my take-out order was FAST. I'll give this place one more try before I finalize my decision.
5	Pretty dam good and great prices.
5	Chef Rick rocks out GREAT food FAST!  In dozens of visits here, the food is consistently good and most often excellent...  In cool weather, the PHO soup will warm you up and smells heavenly with fresh Anise and herbs.  The filling BUN noodle dishes feature grilled meats, fresh lettuce and veggies and  sauce.  And you won't find better CURRY dishes within miles.  Friendly and attentive service will make this a place you'll come back to again & again.  Bring a bottle of your own wine and make it a dining experience, or if you're in a hurry you can be in and out in minutes.
4	this place is legit. i have a smattering of vietnamese friends who frequent this establishment, and i go where the natives go. ya' dig?i won't say much that has already been said here, but i have only one complaint. are they skimpy on the amount of noodles they put in your bowl? i've been to other places, and i feel like i've gotten more noodles than what i've had here. i know that i share my pho with my daughter, but even then--there's not a lot left. the broth is super delicious, but i like to fill up on the starch and the meat mostly. report back yelpland.
4	I'm in the midst of trying to make my way around the world with food... There's so much out there that I haven't tried and I just can't be content with that any longer... My first foray into the unknown was at the Vietnam Grille...The staff was really helpful... As soon as I walked in, I was greeted warmly... I let them know I had no idea what to order... We shared a laugh and I told them I knew that everyone keeps talking about their Pho, so I went for it... They also suggested the crispy spring rolls as another good option for a novice, so I took an order of those as well...  I settled on the Pho Ga... I noticed the rice noodles in the bag, so I put those in the broth and went to town...   It was absolutely divine... NOW I get what the hubbub is about... The spring rolls were great... Crisp and filled with well-spiced pork...  Fabulously done... Full disclosure?  I didn't realize there was another little take out box of stuff inside the bag to go in the Pho, so I missed the whole bean sprouts, fish sauce, herbs, lime (?) and jalapenos until the very end! lol Once I added those, it completely changed the flavor... It was still yummy... I wish I had known that from the beginning, though! lol Next time I get food from a region that I'm unfamiliar with, I'll make sure to take home some instructions as well... There are quite a few other things on the menu that looked intriguing as well, so join me in welcoming Vietnam Grille to my restaurant rotation... :)
5	I am a huge fan of Vietnam Grille (VG). I've eaten here probably 5-7 times--mostly for lunch. The people who run the place and work there are wonderfully friendly and attentive. The owner comes out often to talk with diners and visit with regulars. He treats them like friends. The atmosphere is very casual. Parking is generous, as the restaurant is housed in a freestanding building located in the parking lot of a strip mall. My favorite dishes are:Bo Tai Chanh (raw flank steak)Banh Xep Hap (steamed dumplings)Soup Ga Thap Cam (small chicken soup with veggies)Pho AND...the drink I will drive across town for, Nuoc Dua - Coconut drink. LOVE this stuff. It's basically water from young coconut with scooped out pieces of the flesh from the inside of the coconut added to the glass. It is served with a spoon so you can easily access the coconut meat. I want one now, as I am writing this.I really don't have anything bad to say about the place. I guess the seating could be a little more comfy, but it's a very casual place. Oh, and I wish they served the pancake dish (Banh Xeo). -- Definitely not star-knocking issues.
4	i have to agree with my buddy Benjamin G. on this one. I like Vietnam Grille's pho a lot and it's probably the best that I've tried. I'm reluctant to say that it's the best pho in Charlotte. I think that people overdo that "best in..." line. Just say it's your favorite. That will suffice. Unless you've been to each and every one of them, you can't really say that it's the best. but i digress...Vietnam Grille doesn't have as many options as Saigon Palace and Doans, but their headliner, the pho is terrific. I think that their secret is the star anise. They put in more than their competitors and thus the broth is more flavorful and gives you that great aroma. I've had the rice paper rolls too and those were good. My buddies and I used to go to Sports & Fitness and would often get lunch at Vietnam Grille post workouts. I've seen them order other stuff from the menu and they weren't disappointed. It's pretty simple inside, but it's clean and nice. And the service is pretty good too. I would give it 5 stars if they had a greater selection. But overall I would definitely recommend it.the pho is awesome here.
4	I lived around the corner from this place for over three years. A month before I moved to another neighborhood I finally stopped in. And I have regretted my misspent time since.I make no claims to be a connoisseur of Vietnamese food. Actually, until my visit, I can't recall ever eating it at all. However, top echelon in the category or not, this was some darn fine food.It is certainly a little bit more pricy than your average Chinese or Thai restaurant (not too bad though, I spent about $12 compared to $9 for Chinese or Thai). But it is also distinctly different.I got the #32 bun based on a recommendation. Good gawd it was was delicious!! Unlike some of there other options (Pho I believe) the Buns are not a soup. Deceptive to their English word, they are also not a bread dish. The Bun is actually a rice noodle dish with various meats and vegetables thrown in. Mine had shrimp, chicken and beef. Everything about it combined for a culinary awakening.I have since moved about 10 minutes further away but have been back for takeout a few times. The only thing that stinks is I'm not a huge fan of making u-turns and coming south you have to make a really bold one to get to the parking lot with a potential car screaming blindly over the hill into your passenger side door.Ignore that it looks like a cheap diner on the outside. The only thing that matters is food and this is well worth the trip.
2	Note: I judge Vietnamese places on four things: pho, spring rolls, peanut dipping sauce and avocado shakes. Vietnam Grille just didn't impress me on any level. For such a highly regarded Vietnamese joint, I expected a lot more. The spring rolls were on the the smaller side. While the fillings were fresh, they were missing something. The peanut sauce was overly sweet and not that peanuty. The pho was severely over spiced and much too fragrant. The star anise was an overpowering flavor in the broth. The pieces of flank steak weren't the beautifully, paper thin slices that I've had at every other Vietnamese place. The tendon was undercooked and too chewy... Definitely not my fave. The avocado smoothie was no where to be found on the menu... One of the things I love about Vietnamese food is how much food you get for the price. I thought that Vietnam Grille's prices were on the higher end of what I'm accustomed to seeing. The positives... The service was fine and the parking was plentiful. Needless to say, I'll be continuing my search for my go-to Vietnamese joint in Charlotte.
5	Excellent pho. There is simply no more I can say.
5	Absolutely love the rice vermicelli (pork in particular).  My wife (vegetarian) LOVES this place as well.    Haven't explored the other dinner options because the rive vermicelli is so good I can't pass it up.There's some rolls there, has mint, tofu, with a dipping sauce - it's outstanding.  Their tofu is the best my wife's had anywhere.While I love soup/stew in general, the pho is a little too much food and more one-note than I like.  I'm sure that's my taste buds and the quality seems really good... just not my thing.
4	Came to Charlotte in search of Bill Spoons BBQ on a Monday night @ 730 only to find they were closed. Directly across the street I saw the neon sign "Vietnam Grille." It was calling me so I listened. Ordered #13 Steamed Dumplings and #2 Crispy Spring Rolls. For entree had the Pho #29 Sliced Flank Steak and tripe. Asked to make it without the tripe, but I guess the message did not get to the chef. Despite that it was delicious. Quite surprising how good the food was, and the place was very clean and friendly staff. Also had the Iced Coffee w Milk #81, which they made surpisingly quick compared to what I'm used to. Maybe because I came so late for dinner. All and all, when your appetite calls for Vietnamese cuisine, listen to the call for "Vietnam Grille" when you are in Charlotte.
3	Pho is ok. Fried rice was dry. Spring rolls was great! Don't order extra lime they charge $1 and don't tell u.
3	I love Vietnamese food, especially pho. The food here is pretty good, the restaurant is nice and clean.  The service was extremely quick and the portions are big.  Overall, I enjoyed my experience; however, I would not say it's the best pho I've had in Charlotte. There are several places to enjoy Vietnamese cuisine in the Queen City.  While I thought Vietnam Grille was good, it's not my favorite.  For this reason, I gave Vietnam Girlle 3 stars.
3	Decent pho, but not my favorite in Charlotte.   Came here when my sisters came to town bc they are big fans of Vietnamese food.  We ordered the raw beef dish, some spring rolls, and pho.  I didn't try anything but the pho, but my sisters said the raw beef plate and spring rolls were okay, but wouldn't eat beyond a few pieces.  The pho had too much star anise IMO.  That's the thing that gives pho, it's "pho"-ness.  And compared to other pho places, the prices were the same, but the noodles and meat was not plentiful.  The service was really good and they were nice.  Just curteous and respectful and stuff like that.  The place is really clean.  Not much else to say about this place...nothing really exciting happened here.  I will probably go other places for pho.  Oh, and no alcohol for sale here, but you can bring your own.  As it turned out, had some beers (unopened!) in the car, and they let us bring it inside.  dmo out.
4	After reading all the reviews I had to give this place a shot. It definitely lived up to the hype. It was surprisingly slow for a Wed evening. We were seated immediately and out food came out amazingly fast. The food was great. It was too hot out for me to have Pho but definitely going back to try it.
4	Restaurants in shopping centers really can be a toss up. Try Vietnam Grille for fast, friendly and efficient service. Their pho was good for my soul and my sore throat. The fried pork egg roll was huge and very affordable. Pho runs around $9 and isn't gi-narmo like at some places. I could have downed the whole bowl in one setting but took some to go to savor the next day too.
4	Even better than any vietnamese restaurant in the midwest. This place really is good.  They had some very americanized items on the menu, that I haven't even seen in Vietnam, but the quality of what we did eat was pretty on par with what you would find a true Vietnamese restaurant in the U.S. We brought friends from the area who had never tried the food and they love it and go back regularly.
5	Great food and meat selection. Go for the spring rolls.
2	Not a lot of flavor. I checked it out because of all the great reviews. The food was edible, but Charlotte has 3-5 other Vietnamese places I'd rather go to. Super super friendly staff here though.
4	Good selection of Asian food. Average prices. Fast service.
3	I am visiting charlotte for work and found this place from yelp since it has a lot more comments than the other Vietnamese places. This place's interior is nicely done, clean and bright.  The price is consider high for pho and the portion is not that big.  The taste is fine, but not a lot of meat inside.  I have seen more non-Asians in this place than Asians when i was eating, that usually tells you it is probably not a very authentic pho place.  It is not a bad place, but I won't be back.
1	NEVER AGAIN! I went there for lunch today...$13 with tax and tip later for a bowl of pho and iced tea and I ask for a tea to go. The server brings me what I can only assume is the smallest to go cup ever manufactured. On my way out, I see that the staff is using larger to go cups for their own drinks. I ask for a larger cup and they tell me they brought there own. Now, I ask, exactly how effin' stupid do they think I am??? Saigon Palace and Doan's will receive my business from now on.
5	Who knew that authentic Vietnamese food from North Carolina would be this amazing.
4	On a whim my wife and I dropped in a few weeks ago. I think we have been back four or five times since then. The food is amazing, the space clean and simple and the service nice. Great Pho and soups, lots of vegetarian options for my wife and the grilled squid was one of the best presentations we have had. We don't write many reviews but this place deserved a good one.
4	Great little lunch place. Small, friendly, clean. I can only speak to the Vermicelli, but it's delicious.
3	Great fresh food! Love Vietnamese food and this joint was my first Vietnamese find in Charlotte. Only downside is no lunch menu which left a heftier hole in my pocket. The portions are smaller than I would expect for the price. Don't take the chopsticks though, even on accident or the owner will run out to the parking lot to get them back.
2	Just ok.  Quite pricy.  $8.95 for a bowl of Pho.  I paid the extra $2 for more meat and really, was surprised at the lack of brisket and flank steak.  Would have considered that a "regular" order not the extra.  Clean place, fast service.  I was one of the first customers seated at 1130.  By noon there was a line out the door.    Got the fried spring rolls for $5.95.  Very dry and gummy.  Definately not the greatest.
4	Fast service & good big bowls of delicious pho. Salad rolls were fresh and average size however personally i prefer more veggies in mine. Peanut sauce was a little too sweet.
5	Best seafood pho in Charlotte! They add enoki mushrooms and crawfish, yum.
4	I am a big fan of Southeast Asian cuisine but I am supper picky as well. Many place have a tendency to bastardize Asian cuisine but this place does a great job of keeping it authentic as well as making it approachable to westerners. Super clean in restaurant and not overly decorated...which added to the relaxing vibe. Best beef pho in town!
4	I know it's not actually cold outside, but I may or may not have turned the heat on in my car the other night. How did I ever survive Winters in Nebraska?There is just something so comforting and soothing about a giant bowl of pho. During my latest venture here, I placed a take out order. The sweet server (without asking, completely on her own) brought me a cup of hot tea while I waited for my food. All the workers here are so nice. I love VG's pho. Delicious broth, good amount of sliced flank steak and meatballs, fresh fixings. I'm also a fan of the crispy pork rolls and the fresh spring rolls. I try to discipline myself to only order one of those, but temptation wins more times than not... and I get them both. I'm so weak when it comes to food.My order of pho and crispy rolls came to $15. Seems a little bit pricier than other places... but nothing too terribly out of control. Did they raise prices here? I don't feel like it used to be that much.Yes, Vietnam Grille is an odd stand alone location right in front of a shopping center on South Blvd. I know that can seem kind of sketchy, but trust me. Stop in for a meal... you won't be disappointed!
3	Great food.  Minus 2 stars for being ridiculous.  Ordered iced tea and they wanted to know if I wanted sweet or unsweetened.  "Can I get half and half" I asked.  "No", said the waitress, "we don't do that."  Seeing that I was puzzled, the owner came over and said "we don't do that because it's a big problem when we give someone half and half and it's too sweet or not sweet enough."  I guess if he considers that a big problem, he's lucky because he doesn't have any real problems.  I ordered water with my food.  Shrimp and pork spring rolls are delicious.
2	Ordered Spring rolls, and Stir-Fry Chicken with Rice-noodles.  The rolls were good but the chicken had no flavor whatsoever.  Ben Than and Lang Van are much better to be honest.  This place was way overpriced.  Paid $25 and then the owner complained to me that I didn't leave a tip that was 15%....who does that?  It's none of your business how much tip I prefer to leave!  Rude! So much for trying a new place.....I'll stick with my favorites: Ben Thanh & Lang Van!
5	I've never had a bad meal here and I eat some pho at least three times a month. This place has an incredibly friendly staff and owners as the food is fast, delicious, and always awesome.
5	Ricky and his family keep the best Vietnamese in town low key, top quality and with a Midas touch. His Pho is from scratch, meats of top quality, and attention to detail great. If you are lucky he will pause from his passion of cooking and come and greet you with genuine charm. He could not get a higher recommendation on his value for the cost either.
5	Definitely one of the more authentic Vietnamese places in Charlotte. I ordered the spring rolls (not fried) with pork and shrimp with vermicelli and vegetables. Everything was fresh and crispy and flavorful. The lemongrass tofu was phenomenal as well. I asked them to make it spicy, which they did, but they also brought out some orange peppers to eat with it (now THOSE are spicy - beware!) The vegetables (broccoli, bok choi) were very crunchy and well-marinated. Love Vietnam Grille - highly recommended. Do not miss the strawberry smoothie if you're in the mood for dessert.
4	I certainly can't consider myself to be a vietnamese cuisine expert, but if Vietnam Grille is any indication, I'm a huge fan!  Nestled in a inconspicuous corner shopping center off South Blvd, you have to look closely or you'll drive right by it.  Upon entering, I was immediately impressed by the hustle and bustle of the small restaurant during a weekend lunch and the tables filled with fresh vegetable dishes.  We started with the tofu rice noodle rolls - simple, chilled, and served with a tasty peanut sauce.  Then we shared two entress - vegetarian pho and the shrimp cabbage salad.  I've never had pho before, but will definitely be ordering it again.  The savory broth was filled with fresh vegetables and tofu and served with a side of bean sprouts, thai basil, and jalepenos.  The shrimp salad was a nice contrast with crisp cabbage, jumbo shrimp, and a citrus-fish sauce dressing.  Our party of two left with leftovers for an additional meal and a price tag less than $25.
4	Great Pho place! Service is fast (great for quick and great lunch) and very nice. The price is a little more than I've seen in other cities (DC area). However, it's totally worth it, it's very clean, organized and I can't say enough about the great service.There are other Vietnamese foods in the menu, which I didn't have a chance to try, so don't think that they are strictly a Pho place.I recommend.
3	Over priced , mediocre food! Don't understand why? Clean place , nice staff.$ 13.99 for spring rolls?! $10 for a vermicelli bowl with BBQ pork bits that tasted like it was pre-cooked? Came out in like two minutes!
4	Cleanly place. Was satisfied with the bowl of Pho I got.
1	Found a stink bug in my pho (soup). They didn't charge me for it but charged me for the rest of the meal. I will never eat here again and would discourage anyone from doing so.
5	Best pho and fresh rolls in Charlotte hands down. Owner is always friendly and the staff is attentive and always makes sure your glasses are full. Take out is equally as good!
5	Since are restaurant selections back home are limited, we thought we'd try something new.  This place was a short distance from the hotel.  This was another hit.  The food, price, and service was excellent.  The next trip to Charlotte, this will be a go to place.  The four of us loved it!
1	horrible ...please read below...i went their with my wife and ordered 2 soup and my bill was about 26 $ and i paid 3$ tip with my debit card and we left but in next 30 seconds cook comes running towards my car with a cooking stick in his hand asking for more tip and says he need  20% tip for his daughter waitress...he blocked my car so that i could not drive and when i shouted at him and i was told to not come to his restaurant.....now i see my card have pending charge of 26$ and when it get completed it changed to 36$ so they charged me tip of 10$ without my signature in recipt..illegal
5	Down South Blvd, right off the road is a really cool little place called Vietnam Grille. It is a crowded ( which shows how good it is) little clean restaurant. Yesterday in Charlotte it was windy and damp and cold-how perfect for Pho! We went at Lunch time when it was very full but got a seat very quickly and  our order was taken in perfect time. We ordered some Crispy Spring Rolls and #26 which is the Beef Pho. Spring Rolls were delicious, all the sauces on the side of table went on to my plate to make a delicious dipping sauce. The Soup arrived --Huge Bowl! Filled with a delicious broth and noodles and beef and then all the extras on the side to add, the bean sprouts, Thai basil, cilantro, lemon, and jalapenos! It was piping hot and delicious..You have to try it ..I will be going back again and again!!
4	Very Good, Nice owner. Bring your own alcohol
4	Absolutely fantastic. You fans of pho in Charlotte have no idea how good you have it. We each had a big bowl of pho (one size fits most) and split a "make your own spring roll" plate with grilled squid. That was fantastic. We thought it was a little expensive at $15, but you get 6 pieces of rice paper, so it's a healthy portion. Everything was fantastic. Very happy.
4	Very good food here. First time in nc altogether so i didn't think i could come across anything authentic. Try the salt n pepper squid and canh chua.  The vietnamese iced coffee is outstanding. Only complaint is the I'm not used to the higher price point in comparison to tx. Still a great find.
5	Delicious spring rolls and amazing pho!  Highly recommended!
1	Horrible service!  Owner won't serve me...it was 8:38pm....it won't allow me to give zero stars
3	CleanNice wait staffFood was okNot disappointed but don't know if I would come back
4	When you see this place from the outside, it looks as questionable as the rest of South Boulevard (Rent-A-Center parking lot?). Even when you walk inside, it's very clean but not too impressive. The waiters are shyly kind and zippy-quick in a way that might rub you the wrong way.But the food. Oh, the food. Hot, fast, and bursting with flavor. It's AWESOME.Servings are plentiful, price is reasonable. They'll even alter a menu item's spiciness to your liking if you ask when you order. And it all makes great leftovers!I definitely recommend the beef pho - it's like a sweet, savory, sharply-faceted rainbow in your mouth. Each bite presents something new, like a crunch of bean sprout or a burst of lemongrass. The broth is so good, I could drink it by itself. (I was also told that the pho is gluten free. My GF partner did not have any issues eating it, so I believe this is true.)The rice vermicelli dishes are tasty too (I chose chicken). The smell of the sauce will seem kind of sour (rice vinegar?), but it tastes just as delightfully interesting as the pho. The veggies are fresh and crisp.Overall, if you aren't bothered by the odd service and South Blvd traffic, I guarantee you will enjoy the taste sensation that is Vietnam Grille.
4	Delicious pho! The broth was so flavorful and amazing. I was a little worried about the service after some of the reviews I had read beforehand, however it was quick and efficient. The food came out very fast and everyone was so friendly! I shall frequent this place! An additional plus is that they are byob.
3	I enjoy Vietnam Grille, their dished are well prepared. I've never had to wait for lunch or dinner so that's a big plus! Their pho is good and their service is quick! I haven't had anything bad in this place.
4	First I want to express how truly friendly everyone  was to my wife and I & especially our son.  Great family experience!  Now on to the food.  Fresh great tasting plus added benefit of the owner showing us the best way to eat our meal so we experienced all the flavor.  Would recommend for a nice family meal or casual business dinner.  We will be back next trip to Charlotte.   BTW try the spring rolls and. Pho
3	I love pho.  However, I've never been to Charlotte so having gone there for a dragon boat event and someone in my group wanted Pho, i turned to the trusty yelp to find me a spot to try.  The restaurant is a stand alone restaurant in a strip mall type plaza.  Its a clean small-ish (well ok maybe it was medium sized) restaurant.  We all got pho -- i got the special which had tripe, tendons, meatballs, and beef.  Unlike the spots we frequent back home, the tripe and tendons were there in chunks --- there is no hiding those delectable hunks of meats.  The meatballs were cut in half, similar to everywhere else i go.  The one thing that makes this a 3 star for me is there is no option of ordering a smaller bowl -- i typically will get a small since the large sizes are way too much food for me -- the restaurant has a one size fits all approach on their phos.  In addition, the broth was too cinnamon-ny for me.  While some people may like this, its not my preference.Now I always get a cafe su dat as well, this one was a bit different from what i'm use too.  The places we go to often will bring out the coffee, brewing on what is similar to a french press, and then you get to pour and stir it into the sweetened condensed milk and ice.  Again, the coffee flavor wasnt my favorite, the places i go here in MD/VA use Cafe Du Monde's hickory coffee blends.. but it was ok.Would I visit the restaurant again?  Sure.  There was a decent pho (slightly more cinnamon flavor than i like but still good), it was clean, there were attentive wait staff.
1	Sigh.  VG, we're through!  Sure, we had some good times - but sadly, I always thought I could do better.  That was definitely a sign that I should've left earlier.  We tried to work through it because after all, I love pho and you serve pho.  Love at first bite.  But you know what you did...it was a DEAL-BREAKER in my book!  And no, those aren't tears wept for days gone by, no, these tears are freedom tears. (?)  I'm no longer under your spell.  Time pho me move on and pho-getaboutchu.  You still don't know what you did?  You want me to take you back?  Sorry, I've moved on.It was 8:45PM on a chill Friday night and my sister was in town.  Destroyed mentally, physically, spiritually, financially, and (insert another adverb) after a rough Thursday night, a few of us decided to play it low-key and hit up VG for some pho and call it a night.  My heart skipped a beat.  It always does when I think of you, VG.  Imagine my shock when YOU WOULDN'T LET ME IN AT 8:45PM DESPITE THE SIGN SAYING YOU'RE OPEN UNTIL 9PM.  LET ME IN (giggle) How dare you.  You know me, service is everything.  Having worked in customer service, for well, my entire working life, this kinda stuff is unacceptable.  Think of the disappointment you cause...  I want to go on a Michelle P-esque rant right here.  But I'm all cried out, I mean, it's not worth my time.  Your pho is nice, but I've seen better.  Your spring rolls?  It's okay but everyone's got some.  No beer?  Yeah, we ain't hanging out sober. We had a good run... you and I.  But change is a part of life. WTF, Dan, are you going on a 4-month vacation?  BECAUSE IT LOOKS LIKE YOU GOT A LOT OF BAGGAGE.  Is this review even about a restaurant?dmo out
5	I LOVE this place. Only been there twice, but everything I've had has been exceptional. Crispy spring rolls, fresh pork & shrimp spring rolls, pho, grilled squid with vermicelli noodles - all absolutely delicious. Cute little place, nice but simply decorated. The staff is courteous and attentive. Currently one of my fave restaurants in Charlotte!!
5	Delicious meatball fresh rolls. Fast and friendly service in a surprisingly clean and pleasant environment, despite the exterior. Wife's tofu was yummy.  Good healthy options that even my 6 year old loved.
5	We tried every pho place in Charlotte and Vietnam Grille is the clear winner. This is one of maybe two restaurants where we're regulars. The pho is great and the staff is SUPER attentive and friendly. I always get:#8 Char grilled pork rolls. Always.#30 Pho with meatballs and flank steak. And extra noodles if I'm feeling frisky.Too hot for pho? #35 Char grilled pork bun. Pro tip: It's never too hot for pho.
5	The food and service was excellent!I was most intrigued by the genuine care the owner has for his business and his employees.  I've read several reviews about how people have been told to never come back and what those people fail to realize is...it is because you don't know how to tip and you don't care either!!  Upon my visit to the restaurant I witnessed that happen...IT WAS THE BEST THING I'D EVER SEEN!  Learn to tip people...18% or more...respect people that work in the food service industry.  If you don't want to tip, get takeout!  More people should stand up to non-tippers.
3	Don't hate me. Love me. BUT--I don't see the big deal about Pho.  All I heard about was Pho this and Pho that and so I was so eager to try it out!!  Basically, I didn't think it was all that.  Basically, I thought it was like Chicken soup on steroids.  A few extra bells and whistles but at the end of the day, broth with noodles and some meat.  Seriously, am I wrong?  Help me understand!  I will say that a friend ordered one of the curry dishes and it looked so good and so fresh.  I was panting all over her dish because my Pho wasn't cutting it.  The chicken spring rolls with peanut sauce were ON POINT!!!  I wish I made a meal out of just those bad boys.  They were so good and that peanut sauce was euphoric.  Amazing.  I love that you can BYOB, the prices are right and the service was friendly.  I will come back but not for Pho.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Charlotte. The food is incredible. The menu is ver Veg-friendly.If it's your first visit, definitely start with the appetizer sampler. The portions are huge, so we usually get a few things to share with the table. Rick, the owner/chef always comes out to chat with you. The ambiance is perfect for having dinner with friends and even great for a date night. The best part is, it's BYOB. We usually take a bottle or two of wine (depending on how many people we have with us) and there is no corking fee!This review does not do Vietnam Grille any justice.
5	Best pho in charlotte! When ordering takeout, this place is super fast and friendly. You can also bring your own wine/beer to eat-in!
4	I've only ordered carryout pho from here and it was phenomenal. The broth is a tad nontraditional, but very flavorful and totally delicious.
5	Oh my gosh. I don't usually write review updates, but I just have to. I have to bump it up to 5 stars. The service has improved, which was my original reason for the star deduction. I have also become more fond of the decor and the cleanliness of the place. But more importantly, I must reiterate...Best. Pho. In. Charlotte.I went there for lunch yesterday with a bunch of friends, and 5/6 of us ordered some variant of pho. We were briskly served two big plates heaping with the trimmings. Stomachs were filled. Faces were smiling. Bowls were emptied.Service was snappy and attentive. The chef came to speak with us and was quite cordial.I can't get enough of it. I am eating the leftovers as I type. I'll be back again soon.Check out my previous review for more of the deets!
4	I don't know how many times I've passed this place and never even noticed it. I will certainly from now on! Got the Bun Thit Nuong and it was phenomenal! Will definitely be going back to try much more!
5	Hands down, the best pho I have ever had! I ordered a number 2 (spring rolls) and 37 (flank and brisket pho), and they were phenomenal. The owner made some recommendations for my next visit, so I will be trying the pork chop very soon. The broth was incredible with its aroma and taste, and nothing needed to be added to it. The restaurant was clean and the staff was very friendly. Highly recommended!
4	I'll admit I was a little hesitant to try this place. I drive by it all the time and it didn't seem like anything more than a whole in the wall joint...but I was pleasantly surprised. My coworkers and I stopped in for lunch and luckily we missed the lunch rush and crowd. Our service was very good and our food arrived very fast. I ordered the Com Tam Ga Nuong which is chargrilled lemongrass chicken over rice. It was a very nice size portion for the price! The chicken was tender and juicy and I added some of the chili sauce to kick it up a notch and the flavors were perfect together. I'm looking forward to returning and trying the pho (of course) and other traditional Vietnamese dishes.
1	Horrible!!!! The portions are tiny for overpriced bland vietnamese food and to top it off the waitress spilled soup all over my shoes. Horrible experience! Do not go there
5	I don't have a lot of experience with Vietnamese food, but being a vegetarian I knew it was a cuisine I should experiment with. All of the vegetarian dishes I've tried here have been incredible. It's my favorite lunch time stop. Always many people but always have been seated right away. Food is delivered within five to ten mins. Perfect for my lunch break. Highly recommend. Staff is very attentive and friendly!
5	Some of the best Thai food any where. Highly recommend!
1	This place obviously changed their hours and didn't update anything else except the door on their business. Last time I came by, they were closed randomly. Ok, I understand things happen and it's necessary. No problem. However, now they are closed on Sundays and didn't bother to update their answering service or information online. Annoying.
4	I love me some Vietnam Grille! Every appetizer is great. Surprisingly I am not the biggest fan of Pho.  It's great for a cold day and Vietnam Grille does a darn good job of giving you a massive bowl without skimping on the protein.  Instead I am like sir mix a lot due to the fact that I come here for the Bun hun. I usually get the special well because it has everything ( beef, chicken, shrimp, and spring rolls) and the portion is enough for two meals.  The price point is great here ( about $10-$12) and on top of that it is BYOB.
3	Good food & friendly staff! A smallish place with a lot of choices besides soup which is nice. Good for business travelers as they take American Express and you won't feel weird eating alone here. Both dishes I ordered were good and arrived quickly, I would go back when in the area.
4	Newbies to this food but have always wanted to try this.  Great service spectacular food helpful staff all made this great inexpensive meal. I highly recommend this place.  I wish we had a place like this in my hometown.
3	The chicken over broken rice tastes no so good as before, especially the rice. I'm not sure if they change the chef, but I really see some different people there.
5	Very delicious place!!! I went there for a lunch break and it was great. The place isn't fancy, but the food is wonderful. I had shrimp and pork steamed dumplings, was very yummy and fresh. I also had chicken soup and it tasted great. The service was very decent too, friendly and took care of me.
4	I love the food here. Only thing I hate is that they close & 8:45pm. I always think about them at 10:00pmI always get the #5 and #26
5	Great vermicelli (try the house speciality mixed version) and decent pho. Fresh ingredients, very fast and nice, attentive staff  (water was filled about five times during the quick meal). I will definitely be back!
4	I was on the road in Charlotte, with a little help from my Yelp App i was directed here. I wanted something good, but not too terrible for me.  Steak houses seem to be my go to on the company dime.   It closes a early, so i raced here.  I was seated quickly, ordered and my food came out fast and tasty.  My only gripe, aside from closing at 9pm?  They don't serve beer or alcohol. But they are BYOB (for beer at least, the table next to me had a bunch.  Definitely plan to return here.
4	First of all... great food!  Would get 5 stars if they served alcohol.Had the Seafood Pho and had a hard time deciding if the ingredients were best... or, the broth.  For my palate, I added a little chili sauce to spice it up.  All the ingredients tasted fresh.  The shrimp were definitely not pre-frozen.Service was great.  Menu is easy to read and describes the offerings well... which should be a plus for those new to Vietnamese cuisine.Would HIGHLY RECOMMEND to anyone with a cold or flu.  The pho will fix 'ya.I'll be back and ready to try more of this place's great food.
