4	A nightclub is as good as the entertainment. And Classic Rock tribute band Yellow Brick Road is awesome entertainment.  Yellow Brick Road performs at the South Padre Nightclub Saturday nights from 10 P.M. to 12 A.M. If you love Classic Rock, there is a major chance you will love Yellow Brick Road. People had been telling me that I got to see Yellow Brick Road. It just so happens that on Saturday I stumbled upon the show by accident. They are a Classic Rock machine made up of talented musicians that perform the Classic Rock masterpieces from the 70s and 80s. They include "Whole Lotta Love," "Hot for Teacher," and "Wheel In The Sky."    South Padre Nightclub is laid out with a bar that separates the night club proper where the band performs and a roped off area of tables in the casino. I sat in the roped off area because the music is seriously loud. Regardless of the bar creating some blind spots, I enjoyed the show.  As far as bars go, it is decent. My minor complaint is the limited selection of tap beer, which I believe is only Bud Light. If I complained over the friendly cocktail waitress visiting the table a couple of times, it would be a petty complaint. The tables in the roped off area are a few feet from the bar. The $4 for tap Bud Ice is reasonable. Because cocktail waitress service at the machines could be nonexistent at Texas Station, this bar is a reasonable option.   I rate Yellow Brick Road four stars. As long as they play here on Saturday nights, I rate South Padre Nightclub four stars on Saturday nights.
3	Saw Yellow Brick Road here. Nice little place for live music
5	Loving the new 80's cover band "80's Station". A good time here on Friday nights from 10-1am. The Band has a very good selection of songs and works hard to make everyone want to dance. If you're a fan of LoveShack , you'll love 80's Station !
5	Yellow brick road is one of the best cover band I seen they are great lot of people there they played for 2 hrs without a break will be there next week for show
