4	Smelled pretty strongly of popcorn, and it was obviously a slightly older theater, but all in all it was a good experience for 7 bucks.  No student discount, natch.  10 screens.  Pain to find, though.  How come Pima Rd addresses in this part of Scottsdale are a total drag to find?  Look for this theater west of the 101, and good luck.
4	This is a great theatre if you live around the 101 and Frank Lloyd Wright.  It shows current movies at low prices.  The service is great and it's never overly busy so you can run late and still get a good seat.
2	I thought the seat cushions were worn out and I was uncomfortable long before the show was over. If I wasn't uncomfortable it would have been a 3.Other than that the place was clean, including the restrooms.  The popcorn tasted like it should (Thanks Gabi).  It certainly wasn't very crowded.The phone book and all the search engines show the address as 15512 N. Pima.  But the company website and the advance purchase ticket show it as 15515 N. Northsight which is where it is physically at and, armed with that information, I had no trouble finding it at the NE corner of Northsight and Hayden.
4	This is my spot! Dollar candy on Mondays and dollar popcorn on Tuesdays. The ticket price is definitely cheaper than other movie theaters around. I think the main reason I like this place is because not a lot of people come here so there is always space and it's not crowded.
4	Some friends and I went to see "This is It" at this movie theater back in October. Although I knew where this movie theater was, I had never been here. I arrived early as I just knew this place was going to be packed. I mean it was only the second night that the movie was playing so plan ahead right? Well not quite. Although we already had our tickets, if you wanted to purchase one you had to go inside to the concession stand to get it instead of purchasing your ticket that the ticket counter outside. Very different. It was pretty empty in there. I mean there were a few customers around, but it was not your usual busy movie theater. We proceed to go to and pick out our seats and let me tell you it was pretty empty in there too. There is no stadium seating however everyone that was in this particular theater (I think there were maybe 50 people and that is being very generous) everyone seemed to make sure not to sit directly in front of anyone else so no to block their view which is good for me because I am kinda short :) The woman's bathroom that I found was on the other side of where the actual theater I was in and it had that scary movie feel as like I said, the place was empty and going to that bathroom made me think of some crazy random scary movie scene taking place in the bathroom. (I have seen way to many scary movies in my life) I am still amazed that it was not busy at all. Their matinee prices are $5.00 before 6pm and $7.00 after 6pm. On Friday and Saturday the price is $7.50 after 6pm. I have no idea how this place is still in business if it is always that slow, but for the prices its a great place to catch a movie. Just remember that it does not have stadium seating (at least not in the theater I was in so I can only assume that others are the same) and watch out for spooky bathrooms if the place is empty.
4	This is our theater of choice in N Scottsdale.  An older theater with no stadium seating, it is still kept in good shape and is clean.  Great prices at $5 a ticket before 6:00, it is the best bargain around since they still show all the new releases! Our main reason for going here it is never crowded and personally I only like sitting next to someone I came with :0). That's never a problem here!!
4	This is our "secret place" - we call it that because the theater is tucked away and usually not crowded. It is a relief in a world of massive parking lots, driving around for 30 minutes to find a spot, to be able to come here and not be bombarded with people. The theater is clean, but is definitely dated and my husband and I joke that it has a slight smell. I hope they don't ever go out of business - we love our secret theater!UPDATE: The sad day has come. This theater is now closed.
1	I think everyone stopped going to this theatre when the Harkins Shea 14 got new seats a few weeks ago, because the  the UA went out of business.The Harkins at Shea was already a great theatre, but with the new seats and some more updates its even better.  Its just up the street at Scottsdale Rd. & Shea.(The UA Sonora Village 10 closed earlier this month -3/10).
4	Well I was a fan but the theater closed in early 2010. It was a great bargain--it had $5 matinees and plenty of parking. I guess it was too good to stay.
