4	Tried it yesterday and I thought it to be super good and cheap! One roll is more than enough to fill you up as they are not your normal sized rolls. They are rolls on steroids! I tried "El Cronchi Especial" with shrimp instead of beef. After I ordered I wished I would have asked for beef instead to get a better feel for a Sinaloa sushi roll. It was good, but I was hoping to taste something with a little kick to it seeing as how these are Mexican versions of Japanese rolls. I love close by so I'll def be stopping by this food truck again to try other rolls. FYI, wait is a little longer than you'd like so make sure you don't go when you're too hungry. I waited about 15 min for my 1 roll.
5	I love this place it tastes just like the fusion sushi they sell back home ( Sonora). Its super cheap ( $9-10 average) and they use quality ingredients. If you are bored with the traditional japanese sushi try this!! I looove it! They have a chipotle dressing that is bomb! Also the crab salad or Tampico is great on the side. They have mexican sodas also for sale. The employees are really nice as well and they let you know when your order is ready.
5	They are amazing it's so fresh and the crab meat salad is so good! I can just eat it all alone!
5	Very good Sushi, I tried it once and haven't stop...... I love Japanese sushi, but trying it on a different style, its awesome ! The service is good and pretty much will let you know when your order is ready. Now this is the Stand by 35th ave. on Indian School Rd. There is a new Facility on by 59th ave on McDowell Rd. Very good indoor restaurant , also the Stand on Indian School Rd.  takes Cash but the Restaurant takes Cash & Debit Cards.
4	Girlfriend and I took the wrong turn for Sonoran hotdogs and suddenly ended up in sushinola. Best decision ever! Heard from friends of this unknown delicacy and wanted to try as I am food enthusiast.  Food was great, offered 4 different types of dipping sauces with prompt service. Would recommend the bomboza and chinola as it had such a distinct flavor. Will try this place again for sure!
