5	My daughter LOVES this place!  They have a photo studio, party room, and several different play activities. Ball Pit, jungle gym, dress up, stage, roller coasters, ride ons, kitchen/grocery area,  We played there for hours because there were different activities to keep her interested.  My 5 year old son liked it as well.  Excited for the Mothers Day photo shoot I scheduled after seeing some of her work.  Family run, and the owners interact and play with the kids.  There are snacks, coffee, and drinks.  A large area for the adults to sit, and comfy couches lining the play area.  A great and much needed addition to this area of town!
5	I have found the BEST place in LV to take your child, if you want to stay out the heat and have a fun and safe play place for your child Fidgets is the one and only place to be. Fun safe and friendly environment for the whole family. There's also a place to feed your children, u could do any anything and everything for kids here. Plus it is very CLEAN CLEAN CLEAN!!!!
4	Monthly membership is slightly higher vs child's play but fidgets is better suited for the younger (1-3) children. Also they allow drop in visits for non members ($10 per day or $5 for pre walkers) my son is loving the kindermuzik classes (additional fee) we come twice a week for class & stay to play after
5	Best indoor playground in Las Vegas! My daughter goes here weekly. It's extremely clean, there's a snack area with healthy, organic snack options. The best part is there is way more variety here for toys than most indoor playgrounds. Much more creative play toys! A supermarket, a dress-up area with a stage, a pirate ship, ball pit, very impressive slide and play structure, train table, multiple cars to drive, and multiple houses and make-belief play toys. Very impressive! Love the multiple couches for parents to sit and the open space to never take an eye off kiddos. Ownership is wonderful and super responsive.
5	love fidgets because is the safest and cleanest place to take your child t have fun..
5	The cleanest and very well organized indoor play center! Pricing is very reasonable. You can buy a membership per month, year or simply just walk in and pay for a day pass. You can also leave and come back within that day of buying the day pass.
5	This place is right by my house. Its nice to have a place in the SW. Its super clean, lots of different toys and a little seating area along with couches. The owner and staff is very nice. We have gone 2 times now and I found out about it last week.
4	Pretty nice! My 17 months year old son loved it, and I feel that this place fits his age group perfectly. Not sure about older toddlers though, it felt to me like you can pretty much enjoy this place if you're 2.5 tops. Other than than they have train tables, a cool climbing and slides area and other cool kids activities. Liked it, overall!
5	This place is awesome! Very relaxing, the staff here is so kind, not to pricey, and very clean! We will definitely be here regularly! My son loves it!
5	My favorite indoor playground in Vegas. Very clean, great atmosphere, and the owners and staff are friendly and attentive.The best thing about Fidgets is that it's specifically for children ages 1 to 6, which means toddlers can play with toddlers, and there are no situations where the older kids end up bullying and dominating the play areas (which occasionally happens at open-age playgrounds like Child's Play).Playground areas include a multi-level enclosed jungle gym with tunnels and slide, a large central ball pit, a mini dual coaster track, an infants play area with soft play shapes, a lego table, a train table, and much more. In the corner is a small stage for special instructors or events, and at the back of the place is a party room for classes, events, food, and parties. At the side is dining area where you can purchase snacks, drinks, and coffee, and spaced around the play area are several comfortable couches for parents. Furthermore, the owners regularly change up the play areas by rearranging set pieces or adding more toys and playsets.Speaking of the owners, Michael and Johanna are incredibly warm and friendly, and really go out of their way to make sure you and your children feel welcome. And because Fidgets caters to younger children, the other parents there are also generally friendly and attentive, and my wife and I have had fun sharing parenting stories (and sometimes commiserating) with other parents of toddlers.Very highly recommended if you have young children. Older children may prefer playgrounds with more challenging playsets and obstacles, though.
5	Finally! An indoor playground that caters to the LITTLE little kiddos. First time here today and we loved it. Definitely for the 1-3 or 4 year olds. Was very clean and we met the owner who was beyond friendly. I even saw here constantly straightening up and interacting with some of the kid. $10 for a day pass for unlimited play. Best play place in the Southwest. Had seating all over not just in one area so you can see your child from just about anywhere. Lots of little kid play equipment, ball pit and creative play like dress up, tool set and kitchen. There's also a party room if you want to do an event there. Highly recommend.
5	Thank you to Fidgets for helping us have an amazing airplane-themed birthday party for our son. They were so helpful with the decorations, entertainment, set-up and clean-up. Everyone (adults and kids) had such a great time! Yohanna definitely went above and beyond to make sure that our son's birthday party was perfect to the last detail. Not only is Fidgets awesome for birthday parties, but it's also a great place for open play, music class & story time. We bring our 2-year old son here at least 3 times a week, and he absolutely loves it! There are plenty of toys for him to play with, and there are comfortable seats for us parents to watch him play.I think what really sets this place apart from other indoor playgrounds is customer service. Every time we go there, we are welcomed as if we are family. The owner keeps the place clean and safe as much as possible. She plays with and watches over the kids as if they are her own. We are truly grateful to Fidgets for providing such a fun, clean & safe place for our son to enjoy!
5	This place has been a lifesaver. My 14 month old is extremely active and curious, and staying at home all day (due to the heat) was bad for both of us. I decided to try Fidgets based on their reviews compared to those of other indoor playgrounds. I promise you, the reviews here do not lie. It is clean, the staff is very friendly, they have places for parents to sit while the kids play, and you can buy food. As far as prices are concerned, it seems like their monthly fee is comparable to other places, and their daily non-member fee is cheaper. The staff makes a point to get to know you, they make sure you're enjoying your time at Fidgets, and they will even spend time playing with the kids. My daughter has so much fun here, and a 2 hour nap is almost guaranteed after we leave. Often, she's asleep 5 minutes into our drive home. I love coming here as well, mainly because I can have conversations with other parents. It helps keep me sane.
4	Very clean. Very friendly staff. Love this place for my kiddo! He always has a blast. They also have a little snack bar which is a great bonus
5	We had our daughter's 2 year birthday here, it was AWESOME!  The ladies make sure everything is perfect and make sure your day is special.  We LOVE Fidgets!  We always have a great time.  Very clean and welcoming.
5	This is my 19 month old daughter's favorite place to play. We have been members for 4 months and it's a great value for the enjoyment she gets coming here. We visit several times a week and she still finds something new or an old favorite to keep her busy for hours. They have a wide range of toys for toddlers of different ages and not only does she have a great time but I get the chance to relax on the comfy couches or talk with other parents while eating lunch. We plan to continue membership because of the new and fun things to do that are introduced regularly.
5	This my favorite place to take my daughter as a stay at home dad. The place is very clean and I always see the employees cleaning. They are continuously introducing new toys and I'm told a projection interactive game is coming soon. : ). Best of all I love the fact that they really care about the kids there. I find them always looking to interact with her or just give her an animal hand stamp.
5	We love it here! Its new and clean and most of all the owner is a sweetheart!! Great for younger kids that won't get trampled over.
4	First thing's first: MUST WEAR SOCKS- this is very important!Located in a strip mall on the west side, there's lots of parking here. I think I got checked in by a new employee, because another woman carrying a baby was guiding her, but she left before the party started. I was given socks since I was wearing sandals, and didn't know about the rule.Front area: numerous shoe storage cubes (lots of them!), a couple benches, the registration desk, and the dutch door.Facilities:Main playing room (lots of seating here, as well as, small round tables for dining as well), rectangle-shaped dining room with two long tables and chairs (right side is great for setting up the food and drinks, while the bathroom is on the left side), bathrooms (there are 2); the one in the corner has a cushioned baby changing station complete with diaper genie.So many playing possibilities here, but best for kids, aged 10 and under. Vinnie attended his first non-family birthday party here a month ago, today. It was a birthday party for a friend's son who turned one- year old, over the weekend. And, as usual, when we were leaving this fun place, he cried, but he was tired, too. What did he like the best? The slide!!! Once he knew how to reach the slide (you have to climb up over the rugged ramp; I helped him down many times), it was over, he kept going up, then down, and repeat! He also liked the roller-coaster (there are two)---but very important, this area needs adult supervision. No brakes, so I was kinda stopping him a few times.I'm going to describe it starting from the exterior of the main play room, then work my way in. In one corner, there is a soft building blocks play area. Next to that is the two roller coasters. Kitty corner from the soft blocks, is the slide/jungle gym area, with punching bags (?- don't really think they are meant for punching, thiugh), and a little swing. There is more to this area, more areas up on the slide level, like where Vinnie got stuck and an adult had to help him out (thanks to her). In the corner of that room, is the little section with play cars and nearby is the chalkboard. On the back side of that board, is the bathroom. Next to that wall, is the main dining room, which is spacious. There is a sofa along the wall. Next to the sofa, is the large dollhouse for little girls. In that corner is the stage with a little piano. Along the wall, is a display area fronting the handful of little round tables and chairs. In the next corner is the registration desk. Along the wall with the dutch doors is another sofa (next to the roller coasters). In the middle are three or four tables, one with a lego theme, one with an animal or little people theme, and I can't remember the other one. Then, there is the pool of balls. A little roundabout train is also nearby. Another playhouse with a little slide (for bigger kids). Then, there are little cars that the kids can drive.Like I said, there is a ton of stimulating areas for the little ones. I'm not gonna lie, it was a lot of fun for us adults, too (yes, some adults partook). I was curious to see how our little guy was gonna be with other little ones, but he was fine. All in all, having attending a birthday party here, the experience was lots of fun. It's a clean facility where all guests wear socks, but I thought that at times maybe the single employee was a little overwhelmed with this around-25 person party (towards the end of the two hours). Hope my review was helpful for other parents scoping indoor playgrounds. This is #1180!
5	Fidgets is an amazing place to take your kids and have fun!  I have been shooting photography for birthday parties and other events at Fidgets and I have to say that every time I go, the place is filled with children laughing and playing and parents enjoying seeing their kids in a safe and social environment.  The owner Yohana is excellent with the kids and parents and she has done a wonderful job of choosing the playground equipment and decorations to make Fidgets the place to be!If you have a little one and want a place you can trust to take them, this is it!!
5	I can not say enough great things about this place and Yohana the owner. We had my son's 3rd birthday party here and it was worth every dollar! Stress free and the place is so clean and stock with every toy your little one could want. We literally brought the cake and they take care of everything else, decor, drinks, food and best of all clean up! She even found us a Spiderman character to entertain the kids. Thanks again Yohana!
5	Don't forget your socks! (But if you do forget, they have socks for sale).This is a great indoor playground for my two and a half year old.They allow you to bring in outside food. Great for letting your kid play while working on the computer.
5	A $10 entrance fee. 90 minutes of playtime for an 18 month old.  Resulted in 3 hours of an uninterrupted nap while we drive home on the 15 Fwy.Totally worth it. We will come here before heading home every time we visit Vegas.
