3	It's your average coffee shop. Think of it like a different flavor of Starbucks. There's decent room to get settled with your Hipster attire and write your fake novel that's decidedly terrible. I had a dirty chai latte and must admit it wasn't as flavorful as Big Dog. Bottom line- Big Dog is a stone's throw away and has more flavorful drinks for the same price and a nicer atmosphere. You can also bring your dog and the baristas will get to know you. And it isn't a faceless corporation. I won't be coming back to Peet's because of the competition.
3	This is a pretty average coffee chain. They have been sweeping Pittsburgh by storm. Nothing too special about it, I dropped in because the weather was horrible and I couldn't make it to meeting on time so I used their internet to join the meeting online.I have to say I was pleasantly surprised. The latte really hit the spot and the foam on top was to perfection!I have to agree with another review that Big Dog is a block over and is a far better experience, a lot more flavor and you don't get that coffee chain atmosphere that I felt while I was at Peets.On the whole, I enjoyed Peets. Good coffee, friendly staff and clean facility that is not too crowded in the morning rush and convenient in Southside... to be fair it wasn't too crowded today, but like I said, weather was horrible and may have been keeping people away.
5	Even though this is a chain, I like the variety of coffee and the fact that they offer almond milk as a non-dairy substitution (I am allergic to both soy and dairy, so I can't find a coffee shop that offers anything else). Other reviews do mention big dog is around the corner and is better,  but I must say for the coffee this place does give good competition!
5	Very clean, quiet and delicious. Had a great cappuccino. Staff is also very nice and welcoming.
3	Dark roast coffee was very good. Chocolate chip cookie was terrible. Free cookies at my hotel are better.
4	I liked this location when it was Caribou because of the friendly staff and as Peets they have continued to be a friendly place to have a cup of coffee and study.
2	They gave their coffee away for free for a few weeks as a promo. There was this this tall guy that went in like every day and only got the free stuff...and never went back.  I don't think he even tipped. Now they are out of business and i"m pretty sure it's entirely his fault.
