4	I like the selection at this location.
3	They have some pretty good sales. I get the flier so I only go in when they're offering something I need or want.
4	Seems to be a cumulative collection of all things that don't really sell from the normal jc penny stores. You can come across useful stuff here and there. Most items here are cheaper than normal retail by at least 25% and upwards of 75%, which is good for those who are on a budget or just spend thrifts. Today I ran across a sale on sneakers. Adidas; my faves, were among them. I picked up 2 pairs at $20 each. I would normally spend $40 on these same shoes from nordstrom's rack. Score!I looked through some of their clothes and nothing stuck out to me. They've got a decent selection of towels, curtains, and other household items.Over all, this should be on your list of stops for all you thrifty shoppers. Plan to stop in at the Dillard's clearance center at fiesta mall if your coming from Phoenix or the west valley and get the most shopping for your few gallons worth of fuel.
3	I like going to this JC Penney because their lingerie department is HUGE and organized. Not at all like WalMart where they have a peach, lacy bottom displayed underneath a blue polka-dotted bra. No - JC Penney puts the sets together so you don't have to search for the matching piece and they have a nice selection and they always have it on sale. 3 stars because about 8 years ago I bought a wedding dress from this location back when they had a small bridal department. It looked expensive, it was blush-colored, with many white pearls, scalloped neck, a flowing train in size 6. With the coupons, it came to only $85. Now the bridal department doesn't exist and they make you go down to Group USA where the least expensive wedding dress is at least $500. Boo to that!
3	This JC Penny's is located inside the Arizona Mills Mall.Not the average Penny's. It is like a lot of left overs from the other stores.However, lots on sale here,and if you look long enough and hard enough you just might find what you are looking for!It is pretty organized which is good, however I always seem to find things I really do not need but, I think I must buy because, of the price.There is always a lot of people here and a lot of screaming children running around. However, maybe that is just the time of day that I am going in.Prices are good, I can't always find what I want , but It is like a high end Big lots.
4	This is an outlet JC Penny!  The selection is limited.  However, everything is marked down.  I've purchased some things here, returned some things here, and they are easy to work with.
3	Hit or miss in my opinion. Sometimes there are great deals to be had, and others it's just outdated things that they are trying to sell before they go to a closeout vendor.
4	I love JCPenney! The new look is awesome and very inviting. I love that they now have Sephora, it's like 1 stop shopping! The sales and clearances are great, I always find good deals! They also now have Betseyville by Betsey Johnson, which I love! Everyone has always been really friendly and nice as well!
1	This location closed December 28, 2013. I work in the mall and this JC's Five Star (JCPenney) is closed and now vacant.
