2	Wow. This is the craziest grocery store I've ever seen.First, you must consider a visit here an adventure. It is the Big Lots of grocery stores...or better, the Goodwill of grocery stores. It has a lot of stuff, never the same things twice, and you certainly never know what you'll find.Parking is south of the store; drive through the gates, and go about 100 yards from the street. Carts are outside the building, at the bottom of the ramp.The first part of your adventure is the frozen meat department. I'm rather picky about freezer burn, so even though I have gotten some good whole frozen chickens here, I must admit I fed them to my dogs (raw food feeders -- this place is fantastic!). You'll also find dairy in this section, but...caveat emptor.Pass through the hanging strips of clearish rubber to get to another part of the warehouse. The produce is behind the grocery section. I've seen some good berries and lettuce in here, but I've also seen some things that look worse than what you'll normally find in the forgotten bottom drawers of my fridge. It isn't pretty.The main part of the warehouse is grocery itself -- cans, boxes, bottles. You'll find a lot of scratch and dent products. I've found some great prices on Perrier here, and once in a while I'll find something else that I couldn't possibly get at such a great price at another store.I believe they take debit cards, cash, and welfare food vouchers. I'm not sure if they take credit cards.
4	This place is a boon for explorer types. Looking for discontinued, but gluten free mainstream cereals? They had that. Want foreign dry goods in their original language? Yep. How about Sport Beans, Jelly Belly's attempt to get into exercise supplements? Those were there too.I'm skewing higher on stars for several reasons: 1. Comparing this place to a regular grocery store is foolish. It's not trying to be Whole Foods. 2. The staff were bright, sunny people and super polite. Most discount groceries have a skeleton staff. This one was well-staffed. 3. The place was really well organized compared to other dented can shops I've been in as well. Prices were clear and easy to find. There was decent separation between the nicer stuff and the rougher stuff.The prices weren't bargain basement enough to inspire whole-hearted enthusiasm, but I think some of the best deals to be had there were on candy, staple toiletries and staple medicines (cough drops and such).
3	If you're the kind of shopper who likes to occasionally check out the deep discount stores, full of dented-can foods and stock overruns, then this is the place for you. Consider: bins full of cheap-ass chewing gum and candy, never-heard-of brands of condiments and canned food, discontinued promotional-themed dry food staples. They also have bizarrely packaged frozen food that you'll otherwise never encounter, like food service/restaurant bulk bags of frozen soup.I would keep a close eye on the expiration dates of things, or consider that it's better safe than sorry. I did buy some expired Famous Dave's Spice Rub, but figure I am safe with something dried and sealed like spices. They may have lost their potency somewhat, but at 50 cents a pop, I can always just use more.I did buy a bag of pasta that was the most random collection of shapes and colors I've ever seen. It was called Wacky Mac and had spinach penne, beet wagon wheels, shells, macaroni and who-knows-what-else (Is that a pasta shape of Barney the Dinosaur?). The cooking instructions on the back must have been translated directly from Nepalese, since it intentionally misled me to overcook (and in Phoenix, we don't need high-altitude cooking directions). No big... it was still edible. And oh-so-wacky, as promised!So check this place out just for fun. Their shopping carts have three different grocery store names on them (presumably now defunct), but the place is an adventure and your fellow shoppers all look wide-eyed and disoriented, like they have wandered into ancient unseen caverns. Call it supermarket spelunking!
4	Don't come here with a list... Come here with a sense of adventure! I go here once a month to stock up on kid friendly snacks (cant beat 5 for $1!) and see what else the store has on sale or special. They put out a weekly add every wednesday with smokin deals. But like other reviews have stated, WATCH THE EXPIRATION DATES! I would compare this to a yard sale, you never know what is going to be for sale, but you can find some pretty amazing deals :)
1	ACK! ACK! ACK! Located in "beautiful" downtown Mesa, AZ.If you like shopping for year old stuff or worse then this is the place for you! If you like the glorious smell of body odor, cheap disinfectant and soiled baby diapers then you've reached shopping nirvana!If you don't mind rubbing shoulders with the homeless drug addicted "Occupy Walmart" types then you've found a home!If you want quality food in a safe shopping environment where you don't have to hold your breath, check your wallet every five minutes or question the safety of some of the food they have for sale there then you need to shop elsewhere. Customer appreciation is going on right now: Free set of teeth and a year's supply of deodorant or depends with every $100.00 purchase! (Okay I'm just kidding.)Nasty nasty nasty! You were warned.I've told my wife that if she ever takes me there again I'll just catch a cab home.
1	I stopped by American Discount Foods because of unbelievable deals they listed in their weekly ad. I ended up buying absolutely nothing because I couldn't find anything that wasn't past its expiration date. Everything had expired at least 5 weeks ago, but I found items that had expired as long as 7 months ago. I may consider purchasing expired products if the price was right, but it wasn't. Other than a couple of their weekly deals listed, the rest of their prices weren't very good. For example, they had generic boxes of cereal that expired 3 months ago selling for $1.79. The same thing -- except not expired -- can be had for $0.99 at the 99 Cent Only store. If you're willing to shop sales, name brand cereal can be had at the grocery store for around $1.49 - $1.99 a box. Pair a sale with a coupon and you can have brand name cereal for $1 or less a box. I won't pay a premium for generic expired food.
4	Pretty easy to get to, although it's pretty far from central Phoenix, so you'll use significant gas getting there depending on what vehicle you drive.I think it's worth at least one thorough visit there to see what they have that you might be able to use.  The store is divided into several large rooms, so make sure you go into each one so you don't miss out on deals.  I thought I had seen all the rooms, but there was one last one I almost didn't notice the door to.As I expected, the kinds of things they have are mostly unhealthy starchy things (food wise), but I was suprised to be able to find healthy things like big bags of frozen peas, pre-cut apple slices (red and granny smith together), cans of low sodium tuna fish in water, cans of salmon in water, pouches of salmon, canned sardines, monster bags of shelled pistashio pieces (very fresh), Starbucks Cafe Verona Decaf coffee beans (cheap!), extra virgin olive oil, they even had macadamia nut oil (but it was infused with either lemon or lime), huge bags of mixed baby salad greens, huge bags of pre-cut fresh carrot slices, and huge bags of fresh leaf spinach and lots of other produce that looked very fresh.  They also had a huge condiment aisle so I grabbed a few bottles of Lea & Perrins' Worchestershire sauce, but they had more condiments (even restaurant sizes) than you can shake a stick at (oh, and they also sell the STICK that you can shake at them...).There was a big bin of Kleenex boxes (rectangular and the square kind as well), that had a banged up corner or something for a deep discount.  I enjoyed poking around the Food Service Handlers' row and looking at all the different kinds of cups (such as a sleeve of the the huge Thirsty-Two ouncer Pepsi cups) and the varying food containers (like you see when you order take-out or get a To Go box).  Some were plastic clam-shell types, others were the boxes you get when you order Chinese food, and there were also aluminum bowls and trays (some with sections), and a wide variety of paper products like paper towels and dispensers.I only saw one zoned out, discheveled individual with a lazy eye, who was diving for his own bottle of Lea & Perrins Worchestershire sauce in a rather rude manner, but I figured he just couldn't wait to get home and pour it over his frozen TV dinner on his TV tray in front of his black & white television with the aluminum foil antennae on it so he could watch his favorite rerun of Sanford & Son, so I let it slide.  The gal behind me at the checkout looked like someone I'd see at Macy's in Scottsdale and she had her basket filled with some very healthy finds as well. She spotted my 7 bags of Starbucks Cafe Verona Decaf coffee beans and her eyes lit up with a bit if envy (she mumbled something about not seeing those before).  Later, this classy lady in her $250 Mom jeans was directing traffic at the parking lot as a favor to the many patrons who were looking for a parking place or trying to leave it (with their haul).  So basically, there were all types of people there.  Not once did I smell body odor on anyone, not even the obese cashier who was very overworked trying to keep the long line from being stagnant.They had a great deal of coffee mugs, go cups and plastic drinking bottles in a variety of bright colors, shapes and sizes (some with stainless steel lining).  Of course, many people are steering clear of the plastic drinking bottles due to BHA, etc., so that's probably why there were so many of them.  But it was fun to look at all the pretty colors.If processed meats and big portions of various kinds of other frozen meats are your thing, they had plenty of that in the frozen food section (where you first come into the store).  If you have an extra freezer besides the one attached to your refrigerator, then it may be a big bargain to buy and keep that stuff there.This was quite an adventure and I spent a good hour and a half there looking at every single thing.  All the shelves and sections aren't totally organized yet, so you might find some shampoo right next to some tea, so you really have to look at every shelf.  I had a LOT of fun and bought a lot more than I expected that I would before I went in.  I assumed I would just go LOOK around and probably leave disappointed with maybe just a few items of interest, but I had a full cart when I left.At the end, you get to spin a wheel on the wall for a potential discount of up to $50 on your next purchase (if you join their preferred customer club).  I won $2 - whoopee! Definitely go check it out to see if what they carry fits at all with what you usually buy elsewhere for more!!They accept all credit cards, except American Express.Just go -- at least once!
3	You can find quite a lot of bargains here, but keep in mind that the bargain prices are due to the fact that the products sold are closeouts, short codes, discontinued and damaged case products; in other words, many of the goods in the store are close to or past their best by date, and they say so. Service is friendly and there is a lot of patriotic decor in and out of the store. Have an adventurous but prudent spirit and give this place a try. You'll never know what deals you may find, and new bargains keep coming up.
4	If you are looking to get quality foods at discount prices worth half the price of normal grocery stores - this is the place to go. They recently moved to a larger location off Southern and Alma school across from Fiesta Mall. Great prices, great selection.
3	In venturing out to old stomping grounds (Dobson and Southern), I saw the sign for American Discount foods in a strip mall that is pretty much empty.  I parked and headed toward the door.  Shopping here is an experience...part adventure and part joyful surprise...and after a bit of gawking at the prices...grabbing what appears to be the last 3 (or however many) of something at an unbelievable price...while you get the flow of the place and then it hits home that the savings are on pretty much every item.  As it appears,  they sell bulk items from restaurants that you can't buy at Safeway, Frys or Bashas as well as regular consumer packages of everything from paper products to a bit of produce to frozen meat products.  The gamut runs from cheesecake to high-end condiments (grey poupon and Heinz-57) and most everything is priced lower than I have found at other grocery or discount location.    Probably the most interesting choices were the boxes of soda syrup.  Nearly a full aisle of boxes of various mixes, including Coke, Dr Pepper, Sprite...more and more available.  Working my way through, I picked up a variety of items, from Dove chocolate to spicy orange cooking sauce and honey chipotle cooking sauce to potato chips.  The store location looks like it has been vacant for a while, recently cleaned and apparently newly occupied, with the staff near the end of setting up their stock.  Once I worked my way around, I headed for the register.  Once there, I was asked for my phone number.  I provided it and advised I had yet to be in the store.  The clerk who ran the register asked if I wanted to start an account with the store, saying it was similar to a Frys or Safeway or other store card.  I replied that I would sign up.  He collected my name and started ringing up my order.  I asked if this was a new organization or location and clerk says their location on Extension in Mesa has been closed as the inventory is being relocated to the current address.  I did not push for more information, just got my groceries bagged up and waited to run my debit card.  $55 for a decent haul.  I handed over my debit card and the clerk swiped it.  He advised that since I spent more than $50, I could go spin the wheel to get a coupon for a future discount.  I walked to the wheel he pointed out , put my hand out and spun the wheel.  The coupon would have a value of $1 to $25.  I headed back toward the register while the wheel spun...and the next customer in line was having a great time watching the wheel spin.  After an eternity, which was nearly 90 seconds, the wheel stopped.  My coupon for the next trip?  $1.As with all grocery outlet stores, there are numerous products that you may have never seen in the packaging you find 'em in here.  Some regional grocery chains also make products that are not available in this area.  At this location, I saw Target's store brand, as well as Fresh and Easy and even IGA products.  It is good to find this location in Mesa, as the other discount grocery I am aware of is in Glendale.The location was a bit helter-skelter today, as the inventory was still being put onto shelves.  More from my next visit...
4	With time to spare and other errands in the neighborhood, I made another visit to American Discount Foods.Better organized, the inventory is apparently all in now.  Store is clean, well lit, kinda barren on the decorations...and the in-store marketing counters for jewelry, grab and go, sodas, etc...leads my mind to the look of an old drugstore with soda fountain and grill that has been closed.  Prices on many things...still astounding.  Layout...well...I have yet to come upon the secret of the way the store is laid out.  It is one of the things that reminds me I am not in a 'corporate' chain store location...where no matter the location of the store, the location of items in the store is 'bout as close to the same as is humanly possible.This just means a discovery potential on each trip.
5	I have been a long time shopper at the old location and now go to the super sweet and spacious new location.  I love this store.  Sure I have had times where I go in and don't buy anything.  I could see how some people think that the store wasn't worth shopping at if they hit it on an off week.  But then there is most of the time that I am buying stuff up like it's going out of business (which it isn't)  I have found so many steals of deals here that I keep going back.  We eat super healthy and yes...there is some super healthy stuff here.  I stock up on things when I find them because they might not be there when I come back.  I love ADF!!
4	This new location is certainly an improvement over the old one - easier to locate, better layout, more convenient parking. Bargains still abound, and there are lots of cool stuff that are not available in most supermarkets.The staff is just as friendly and helpful as before and there are no big crowds; this makes shopping and bargain-hunting here a pleasant experience.
3	This place is really interesting!  Go only when you have time to slowly browse.  IMO the setup of the store isn't all that logical, but considering the store size and vast array of items, the fact that it's clean with items shelved and sorted is in itself amazing.  I didn't buy much of anything, though the prices in the freezer and refrigerated sections were very good.  (Think restaurant items in terms of size and quantity. )  Great place to buy food for a large family or a "shop first" before your next party.
3	My oldest daughter told me she wanted to go check out American Discount Foods, and I said ok I'll go with ya!   I remember my boss talking about this place, he loved it but told me that most products where already past there expectation dates, but he didn't care.So daughter and I got to the store and like the other reviews have stated its a big store, clean and full of people, the staff are extremely friendly and helpful.  There seems to be no rhyme or reasoning on how it's set up, no particular aisle to find certain items on.  And just like my boss had told me, most items are past the expiration date. Now for me, this is an issue, the dates are on there fora reason right? If its in my house and it goes past that date, I toss it out.  We all have things that make us tick, this is mine, very OCD on labels and expiration dates lol   Also you will see in the freezer section that the meats are repacked and sealed in a clear bag marked American Discount Store, even froze potatoes, sauces, cheeses.  It just was too much for me.So yea  this store is not for me, but it's not a bad store, my daughter found some things she liked.
4	You can find discounts galore at this store,If you don't mind expired, slightly damaged, or nearly expired goods.Selection varies all the time, and you can find unusual items as well as regular grocery store goods.For instance, when we went they had gallons of caffeine free coke syrup, bottles of yuzu juice, and a giant tin of British mustard powder.
5	Like most Yelpers, I searched out for reviews, good and bad, and found people that were expecting a Trader Joe's, WinCo, or Sprouts. This store is none of these. It's a discount food store with items that are slightly damaged or almost expired. For this reason, the foods are WAY under regular store prices. I'm a bargain shopper and I love this place. Each week, we make a grocery list for the house. We hit up American Discount Foods and can easily pick up almost half of our list every week for about 1/3 of the regular price. The inventory is not consistent. I can go one week and find pasta sauce and canned veggies, where the next week they have more cereals and boxed dinners. Don't knock it 'til you try it.
5	I love American Discount Foods. the people are wonderful! they care about other people, and I find that an honorable trait. I was there today, and I was touched that they even offer their carts to their customers to take home their groceries, What other store does that? this is a great place to find snacks for your kids or loved ones for their lunches, and in a pinch, you can come up with a great menu plan for your family. They have a new deli that has been there for a few months that offers food usually found on their store floors for sale. Many of the restaurant style foods they sell, are delicious. Through the years, I have observed American Discount foods improve their quality, their care, and expand on their product range. The prices are realistic. you won't find a 4 or 5$ price of bread here, instead you will find a great loaf of bread, great quality for a buck or two.  The meat selection is affordable, good/great quality, restaurant style and it is not unusual to find items you aren't sure exactly how to prepare it. (such as the hockey puck bread or cookies) Anyways, don't knock it until you tried it. Affordable food at great prices. Thank you, American Discount!
5	The nice thing about American Discount is that they have always been very friendly and helpful, and have such nice employees. over the years I have watched this store blossom into one of the busiest stores I know, and it is a wonderful thing. The prices are getting a little higher, but it is still much lower than what you will find at the grocery store, and you will still save a ton of money and eat better than ever. My only complaint is that they sell Starbucks coffee, I think Starbucks is gross but...LOL! at least it is at a discount. If you haven't been to this store, at least go once and try it. They also have a new cafe where they serve some of their products, and you can sit down and eat with your friends and family. I am so proud of them for all of their hard work going into their business. great job!
5	If you love saving money, and aren't turned off by expired or close to expired food this place is for you! Every time I make a trip here I get so much groceries for usually about $30!!!! The store itself is a little dated but I don't go there for the atmosphere. The only thing that turns me off a bit is the produce,  it's usually wilted more times than not. Other than that one flaw this place is awesome - it's even got a restaurant too!!!
4	Check the expiration date before you purchase. Most of the products here are almost expired or near expiration that's why its very cheap, they also have cheap kitchen supplies like ziplocks and many more.. Cat food, dog food, toilet paper and a produce/ frozen section. They sell 30 eggs for $2.49. This place is huge! They also have a cafeteria. When you spend 50 dollars or more you get to spin in a wheel and win up to $25 dollars. We won $1. The girl in the cashier was nice too.
5	I think I found ADF through Yelp! about 9 months ago.  I was looking for a 24 hour grocery store and in the process found this place.  On average, I come to this place about once a week and do the majority of my shopping here.  It's mainly overstock, but they do have a lot of buys that are passed the manufacturers recommended sell by date - NOT to be confused with EXPIRATION.  I actually just got back from a trip now and spent $58.  I filled my freezer with jenny-o lean ground turkey, chicken breasts, and steamer vegetables.  Yes, FILLED.  I also purchased some President brie ($1.99, dated for 8/24/14), artichoke dip ($1.49, dated for 8/20/14), and Carr's table crackers ($.79, dated for 6/11/14).  Of those three items, the date on the crackers is hardly a concern, and all together these alone would have been $13-15 at the local deli section of a major chain.  Their motto says "cut your grocery bill in half," but I'd say I've cut mine about 2/3rd's!!  I give ADF a five star rating based on my experience with the place, but I admit, it is not for everyone.  People who need consistency in their grocery store experiences will go insane here.  What is overstocked and sent here today, may not be available tomorrow.  Also, what is purchased today, might be cheaper tomorrow.  For a minute they had industrial sized ice cream tubs from Swenson's for $13.99 (retail would be about $80!), right now they have lobster tails (4 for about $27).  But it's all always while supplies last.  This place is a perfect go to for people with families.  The prices for snacks, cereals, and lunch items are incredible!  One last thing, I can always tell when a couple is shopping at ADF for the first time.  Their eyes are wide and the expression on their face looks like they are thinking, America really is the land of milk and honey!!
5	A great store to take your time walking around and shopping you may find some great deals if you just take your time.  They have the best dollar menu for hot food in Mesa.
4	great place to do some grocery shopping its a hit or miss kind of thing its alot of almost expired food but if your on a budget i think you should make a few trips here and check it out
4	Okay all, this place is amazing.  It is has the feel of a mix between  supermarket  and warehouse  store.  Take your time  while  shopping, be sure to look at everything! !  They are always receiving  new merchandise  and it is like a treasure  hunt in the store.   The prices are below  so called  retail  at a traditional grocery  store. I cut my grocery bill about 75% by shopping here.  I would shop daily but then go broke!! LolThis is my favorite place.   Be sure to  sign  up for the daily emails! You will be sent the "deals  of the day " and each week  get the ad. You can't  go wrong!
