5	Okay, so this is probably a premature review since my wedding isn't until 2014, but these guys really impressed me with their professionalism.  I already booked them for up lighting and instead of simply asking what color I want the lights, these guys came out with their equipment and showed me all the different purples possible in up lights to help me customize the color for my big day.  They also have layouts and designs of the venues and meet with venues they are unfamiliar with to get a layout before the day.  They have intelligent lighting as well to add even more elements to the decor, they have the ability to do cake lighting, centerpiece lighting, gobos (monograms), pretty much anything you want to light up they can do it.  Besides up lighting, Ryan, Ren, and Troy also provide DJ/MC services...this being their primary passion.  They also brought sample mixes of their music.  They even joked that they thought about bringing out the turn tables to the meeting :p.  The other services they provide include: videography, event decor, planning, photo booth through iflick, photography.  With Vegas being a wedding city, there are endless choices for vendors.  Lighting options are a little more limited and I probably researched all the companies in Vegas and some in the LA area as well, including DIY up lighting and these guys have extremely reasonable prices for their services and they came at the recommendation of our venue who has seen their work in the flesh.  I would definitely recommend setting up a meeting with these guys to check out their services.  I never felt like they trying to pressure me into adding additional services and Ryan took the time to answer my endless questions even prior to the meeting.  Great communication and easy to work with so far....looking forward to seeing their work on my wedding day and be on the look out for an update to this review.
5	We hired Ryan to do our lighting for or wedding. We decided to upgrade our lighting last minute and found ryan online. He was not only professional and friendly, but he was awesome with assisting us with anything we needed esp with such short notice. We purchased certain lighting that we wanted to incorporate in our wedding and he and his team installed it for us, and he made it look so much better than we envisioned. His own lighting created the mood and all our guests kept complimenting the room! Thank you Ryan! Edwin and I are so happy to have found you!
