1	DON'T MOVE HERE THEY ARE JUST A BUNCH OF SCAMMERS. i LIVED THERE FOR A YEAR AND WAS THE WORSE SITUATION. OFFICE DIDNT CARE AT ALL ABOUT ANY OF THERE TENETS!!  There is a reason there prices are low its because they are all scum that work there. Took me threaten them to fix things in my apartment and then they refuse to return a deposit to a place that the condition were so well someone else moved in less then two weeks after I moved out. Cops are there every weekend. and the manager maria only works maybe 5 hours and she hired her son to do maintence and is completely lazy and worthless.   Don't move in this place you will be robbed blind by these people.
1	There are not words to describe how completely horrible this place is. We have lived here for almost a year and have had cockroaches, bed bugs, mold, our ac broke, broken shelf in the closet..etc. The management doesn't need to manage a hot dog stand much less an apartment complex. Maria the manager is a horrible person. She has constantly accused us of lying about everything we complain about. There are cops here almost every weekend. There were holes in the walls surrounding the property oh yea and there's a fricking train literally 200 feet from our front door. We moved from across the country into this crap hole. Please do not rent from these people. They will rob you blind and tell you you're lying while they do it. Pure scum is what this place is. The prices are cheap and you get even less than what you pay for.
1	If there was ONLY an option for ZERO stars!This place will rob you blind, I've lived there for a year or so starting June of last year and since then there has been 3 different groups of ppl trying to manage this place! Some BS. Not only do other reviewers dislike this place, I regret living here. RINKY DINK APTS. When I did move in, there was this sweet, very helpful leasing agent named Maria, who sadly past away about a month or two after my move-in, she did everything she could to try to make my home comfortable for me. At the time, there was no Manager and she seemed to be running the place alone, which I know could be very overwhelming that she might've not been so well organized and which is now causing me unwanted charges from the current Management group and horrible Apt Mgr Maria (different Maria, ha hell the 3rd Maria I've worked with at this apt). So DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DON'T MOVE HERE..!-WhackA** Management, NEVER available OFFICE ALWAYS SEEMED TO BE CLOSED-BAD LOCATION, only one way in and out-BugProblem, which they claim is the Tenants responsibility! WTF! -Pool is always closed and always dirty-SMALL, TINY Apartments-Lazy, forgetful maintenance workers
