4	Very solid Chinese restaurant in the heart of Old Montreal at the intersection of Rue Notre Dame and Sainte Helene--a block or two away from the Hotel Gault where I recently stayed.Very good lunch specials during the week. Probably the best General Tso Chicken I have had anywhere with high quality chicken breast, fried rice, corn soup with crabmeat, and a spring roll as part of the lunch special. The sauce on my my chicken was rich and delicious--high quality Chinese food, not fast food--and a little bit, but not too, spicy. I would like to come back and try their Shrimp and Scallops in Garlic Sauce. Definitely worth a shot--surprised by the earlier review.
4	We were wandering around Old Montreal and happened across this small restaurant and we were glad we stopped. The staff were fabulous. They timed the meal very well, kept the water glasses full, multilingual, and not at all intrusive. We started with some appetizers and shared a main. The waiter brought us clean plates for each part of the meal; the dinner plates were even warmed. We had the dumplings and bon bon chicken to start. Both were good, but the sauce on the bon bon chicken was super delicious. If they sold bottles of it, I would have taken it home with me. For a main, we chose the sizzling beef. It was actually sizzling! The waiter finished off the dish table side and it just smelled amazing. It tasted equally good. I enjoyed that the vegetables were more than just the standard fare and included a variety of mushroom types. I really liked that at the end of the meal we got the standard fortune cookies and as well as almond cookies (they're my fav!).
4	If you're looking for a nice Chinese restaurant in Old Montreal you've found the right spot.  Last fall I came with a Chinese family from Australia and had a solid banquet dinner.  Last week I had a solo dinner.  To my surprise they had a dinner menu for one.  I started with a cup of hot and sour soup followed by shredded Hunan pork served with sauteed vegetables served with steamed rice.  For dessert a fruit cup and made in Canada fortune and almond cookies....
