5	In town for a family emergency, I needed to get my dad's 1961 Austin Mini Cooper towed from his old place to his new house.  I originally spoke with Dan and was quoted a great rate.  When the driver got there, there were no tow hooks to bring the car onto the flat bed.  He spent an hour carefully maneuvering the old Mini onto the truck.  Normally, it takes less than 10 minutes to tow a car, but it took him over an hour.  Once the car was dropped off - over an hour and a half later, the original price was honored.  I was very pleased with the service provided.  They were prompt, professional, courteous, and careful with my dad's baby.  I highly recommend them.
4	Had my car towed to the dealership not too long ago. Did a search and found these guys on Yelp. They had a deal that if you mentioned the Yelp ad you'd receive a 15% discount...not a bad deal considering how expensive towing can be. Pros: Quick service, great customer service, took care of all the details when leaving the car at the dealership, super nice guys all around. Con: I'm not sure my neighbors were too thrilled about the crazy loud music blaring from the tow truck at 9:15 at night...just sayin'. I'm a fan. I'll recommend and use again.
5	I contacted Phoenix Towing a few months ago when I managed to kill the battery and I also didn't have a key (just the clicker) to unlock the door. As a result, I needed a jump and I was locked out. I was in South Phoenix at the time after work and the guy who was on call arrived in about 45 minutes which was reasonable considering he was coming from North Phoenix during rush hour. I believe Mark was his name and he was super friendly and helpful in making sure I was able to get everything running again for a decent price. He also followed up shortly after I left to make sure everything was okay and that I wasn't having any additional issues. I have kept his card and I will definitely be calling them for any other car issues I have in the future.
5	2nd time having to use Phoenix Towing and though they were tied up with several accidents I chose to wait because they are very professional and friendly. They even suggested that they would understand if i used someone else because they were tied up and if I chose to go elsewhere just let them know. Nah, I know there are others I could choose but I prefer to be well taken care of. Once again reliable friendly service at 1130pm.
5	I had to move my dead Vespa from my old house in North Scottsdale to my new house in Central Scottsdale.  Found Phoenix Towing Service based on their reviews on Yelp.Can't remember who I spoke with on the phone, but he was a great guy.  Immediately dispatched a driver and was at my house in about a half hour.  Bryce put my bike on the truck and towed it to my new place.  Charged me exactly what I was quoted (which was a reasonable price).Highly recommend this company.  I'll be using them when it's time for me to have it towed to a bike shop.
1	Had my car towed recently by these guys... Customer service is not something they are told to have... Got picked and the moron driving had such an attitude... Never would I use these guys again!
5	Unbelievable. After the experience I had today I felt compelled to write a review about a towing service. And service is what this company is all about. From the time I contacted them about towing my car from a parking garage to the time they delivered my car to the dealer Dan and Nat at Phoenix Towing Service were above and beyond kind, professional, and an absolute pleasure to do business with. And the biggest surprise was the charge. I really expected to get gouged due to the difficult nature of the job and this was absolutely not the case. I will recommend Phoenix Towing Service to everyone. Thank you!!
5	these guy saved my day or at least my weekend  fair prices great service and i recommend these guys  ps their tow truck/ rv hauler  driver was so nice
5	Wonderful! They called me to let me know when they would show up. Waited for another company for over 2 hours (Sun City Towing). Bryce called me right away. Was very professional and informed me of what I could do if I didn't wish to wait. He said I could lock my keys in my car and he would be able to open it worry free! The other companies don't do that and say you can leave your keys in your car UNLOCKED. He called me back later to let me know he had no problems and my car was all good! Thank you Bryce! Just a wonderful person that made a horrible day better.
5	Phoenix Towing Service responded promptly and securely transported my car to a service technician, after-hours on a weeknight at a low price. The dispatcher and driver kept in contact with me and took down a backup phone number as my cell phone battery was low on power. The driver got to my car before me and drove to my location and gave me a ride with him to the car. I felt confident he knew what he was as doing, he got us to the auto shop and was knowledgeable, efficient and polite.
5	What can i say? This company provides excellent and polite service to its customers. Towing is always going to be another hole in your pocket but this company gives pretty good rates. We were served by a driver named Bryce and he was awesome! He was not only as fast and efficient as he could be but he was very nice and sympathized our car troubles. I will definitely be calling this place again if i ever need to be rescued :). Thank you for everything phoenix towing!
