2	I go to red Robin a few times a year with the kids at their request, and usually have decent experience with the food and service. This particular burger treck was done as a result of a free burger offer for my son's 15th birthday.After the experince of my husband's meal and my own...I have decided that burger's are the ONLY choice here for me personally.The husband ordered the salmon fish and chips and was pealing off the mushy and greasy batter after the second bite. After doing this we almost could not tell if this was salmon or some breed of white fish...it was so pale and lethargic we were not even sure it was salmon...however we were assured by our server it was legit. I tried a bite it was not good at all.I ordered their "steak" sliders. Upon taking mu first bite I almost ripped out my 2 front teeth. Not only was the meat full of grissle, bit the taste and texture of the meat made me gag. These were not edible and I asked our server for a replacement (which he did gladly) and was told by the server that this happens a lot with sliders ( the grissle). My alternate was a cheeseburger with bleu cheese ( this was fine). This was not a horrible experience, I just will stick to their burger menu in the future.P.S. The visit was also made more exciting by a female employee sitting at their of the restaurant crying hysterically for about 10 minutes and then proceeded to curse out someone on her cell phone !!
4	The burgers are way better than Island's. The service is always great. The steak fries are very good too. The other items on the menu are good too... Hubbies fave: Royal Red Robin Burger My fave: Crispy Chicken Sandwich add Swiss Cheese
4	Great burgers, unlimited fries, and awesome service...
2	Why do so many people think this is a good franchise? These are the most bland, disappointing burgers I've ever had from any chain. Let me document the three tries I've given it.Strike 1-Burger with Swiss cheese, cheddar cheese, sauteed mushrooms and bacon. Sounds like an amazing burger, but it was just bland and greasy.Strike 2-Bleu Ribbon burger with onion straws, blue cheese, and steak sauce. I didn't know anything with blue cheese on it could still be so boring. Yawn.Strike 3-A vegetarian quesadilla and guacamole bacon burger. The quesadilla looked awesome, stuffed with mushrooms and whatnot, but I had to dip it in guac to give my tastebuds the slightest hint of satisfaction. They should stop using cheap, mild cheese and maybe actually season the stuff instead of giving your 4 different toppings for it. Also, the burger sucked. It doesn't matter if it says "Oregano seasoned patty" or "cayenne" or whatever--they all taste the same. Not to mention telling the waitress "well done" and getting meat with plenty of pink.I want to give you 1 star so bad, but you try to be good, especially with the vegetarian substitutions available. I hope your patrons wake up and realize there are exponentially better burgers in several locations within walking distance.
2	I used to come here for work lunches all the time, but I will never come back to this or any Red Robin. Maybe it's completely freaking irrational of me to say that, but I had a bad experience here and I don't want to take the chance that it might reoccur.I got one of those burgers with the fried onion strings on it, but on this particular burger it was like they fried a whole onion, without slicing it, and slapped it onto the burger. I bit into it and a huge clump of onions ended up in my mouth. Rather than spitting it out and making a huge ass of myself in a crowded restaurant, I chewed on it for about 10 minutes, trying desperately to mince it into smaller pieces so I could swallow it without choking or gagging, while my girlfriend laughed at me. When I finally forced it down, I was so grossed out I didn't even want the rest of the burger.You may have a better experience! In fact, you very likely will! But I will Red Robin no more forever.
2	Not a huge fan, but my husband whats his burger with egg...YUCK!  Although now he doesn't eat meat, so he opted for the patty melt with the meat patty substitute....defeats the purpose of going their at all.
3	I like RR and the kids love RR. The bleu ribbon burger and the guacamole burger are the go to burgers. Sometimes they will have special burgers not on the menu but on the table as advertisement so check the table for any ads. I love to try new burgers on the ads, that's how the pub burger was born and now it's on the menu.  Great burger!  The fish and chips is also quite good for a burger place.  Staff is always friendly.
3	The food we were served came out well after it was prepared.  The service we had was sub par and the greeting at the door was absolutely lacking.  The only thing I can say is that management said something to the individual at the front for not greeting us nor opening the door.  So hopefully the employee understands the importance of.  Usually Red Robins are good to go but, this one was just A-ok...
5	I love Red Robin. Especially this location. I always go in, get my usual, enjoy every bite, go home with a smile on my face. RR is great for customizing your sandwich. I usually get the Burning Love burger, turkey patty, add extra cheese, remove salsa, add guacamole. Ranch in fries. Always great food here, never a disappointment.A+++
4	Great happy hour prices.  Nice place to sit and talk over a few drinks.
4	What more can I say, this place is terrific.  Their food is great and the waitstaff are helpful & friendly.  We went there the other day with a friend and had the best waiter ever, his name was Marc and he exceeded everything a waiter could do! We will be back!
4	Had a morning Dr. appointment and decided to get some lunch on our way home.  Decided to stop here at our local Red Robin.  This place has yet to disappoint.  The food was terrific and we decided to share a fish & chips.  Yum!  They split it for us and brought it in 2 baskets without asking them to do it.  Our waiter's name was Angel and he was great and helpful with the questions we were asking him, lol.  Their new menu items are terrific and very tasty like everything on their menu is.
5	We were there today for lunch and WOW!  The food and service was terrific.  I ordered our usual:  Crispy chicken burger with swiss.  My husband ordered the Guac Burger.  We spotted a new item:  pretzel bites with dipping sauce.  WOW, yummy!  The server, Jerri was AWESOME.  She was friendly and super attentive.  Finally someone in the service industry happy to serve.  They had some issues with our GCs, we told the server just take the complete $35 in GCs and not to worry about it.  The Manager gave us the 2 bonus $5 GCs back and said it was our lucky day.  We would have gotten like $1.50 back or something.  That was very kind of them.  =)
4	I was really surprised to see how dead this place was today . . . not too long ago, I could remember having to wait for a table at lunch if you weren't here by 11:30.  This had me a little worried, but I was pleasently surprized.I ordered the Southwestern Chicken Salad and an Iced Tea.  The drink arrived quickly and tasted freshk brewed, was clear, and cold.  My lunch arrived shorly later and I was  extremely happy . . . the salad wad still cold, and the chicken was nice and hot.  With all of the toppings, the salad was full of flavors and the spices on the chicken were just right.Hopefully time will get better and this place will pick-up again for the lunch rush . . . even though I did like like it like this.
2	Not the best service. Burger was good but nothing I couldnt get at most restaurants. Not bad just nothing I would consider "gourmet".
3	Dear Yelp... half stars....pleeeeeeease!Anyways, I would give this 2.5 stars, back in the day it was definitely a 4.  I am not sure what is going on here, but the quality has definitely gone down A LOT in the past year or so.  The quality of the food is hit and miss... usually leading more towards the miss.  Salad isn't as tasty as it used to be, meat quality is lower, and don't even bother with the seafood.... the freezer section has had better outcomes. The service has really taken a dive recently.  The staff barely makes an appearance some visits.  Their happy hour has gone from fairly decent to totally ridiculous!  They don't have any apps on the HH menu any more and the drink list is just a joke.  They only have deals on Coors and PBR.... joke.  Only one booze special, not even a generic well drinks special....lame.   And their rewards program sends out deals every so often... sometimes the server knows about it... and sometimes the place just fails on it all together.  The current special is $1 off Craft Bottled beer.... ummm... yeah, they only have ONE choice.  One....some trendy cider.  yeeeeah. Super deal people. I quit going here a couple months ago, and gave it a try again recently hoping the place had made a turn around... barely, but not really.  Maybe I'll be back in a year RR.... perhaps you will have figured out how to get back to quality and smiling burgers by then.
2	My husband and I went to Red Robin after attending the movies nearby on May 24, 2013. I tried the California Chicken Sandwich.. This fell flat of my expectations. I excepted better and my fries were way under cooked and I had to tell the server I could not  and will not eat them based on this. She brought me another batch fast, these were better. For desert, my husband and I had 1 slice of their Very Red Velvet Cake. This also fell very flat of my expectations. It was FROZEN and hard, their so called cream cheese frosting was way off and wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy to sweet. It was crap. I admit their Very Red Velvet Cake again was CRAP, taste frozen and store bought, not fresh. I prefer PF Changs wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy better ....I guess if I come back I will go with something the cooks cant really screw up like a salad...
3	Burgers and fries are good. Service was good. The cheesecake is nasty!!!!! $3.99 for bottomless drinks is ridiculous!
2	Message to Mgnmt, I've been to this location several times. I'm starting to see a decline in overall cleanliness and service is starting to take a real hit. Seems like new people read: turnover. They don't even  act as professional as they have in the past.   And the food, fry's seem not as fresh and few on first order.I'll try the other local West next, if it's the same way I'm guessing  the bird has flown the coop.
4	Good service, good food.  Par with other Red Robin's we've been to!
5	Great place to get good burgers! Their Oktoberfest Burger and pumpkin spice shake are awesome seasonal dishes! Got a free burger for my birthday from their Club,  which really made my day!
1	Had the worst birthday experience today. You shouldn't be treated like a fraud when you receive an email from corporate on you birthday week for a free burger and you go in and try to use the coupon. Manager there demanded I pull up the email on my phone even though I printed it with a date info on the print out. He said it was still weird but they would take care of it. Somehow that meant they will just leave me alone including my waitress who pretended we didn't exist never offering fry dips, refills on my drinks or fries. I will never come here again. Any future trip to red robin will be down the road at the Goodyear location.
4	Went yesterday after the hubby graduation.  We had to convince his parents that this location is okay because they had horrible experiences at the tempe location.  Martin was our server and was friendly and attentive, didn't come by too often or not enough.  All of our food came out right and my sauteed mushroom burger was so good that it was stolen by my daughter.  Would have given 5 stars but the restroom wasn't totally clean, and an employee had even gone in there to fix her hair but didn't bother to clean it at all.  The fries weren't fresh, and the water has a weird taste to it, like either it isn't filtered or the line needs to be cleaned.
3	Not too bad, but nothing to write home about.The good: The place was clean, the service was good, the food was just ok.The bad: The pricing seems quite high for the type of restaurant that they are.  When you go there for a couple burgers, sodas, and an appetizer it shouldn't cost the $$ that it does.  I find specialty restaurants are just as good.I had the bleu cheese burger, ordered it medium, it came out as ordered.  The taste wasn't wonderful, but it was good.  The onion ring tower is entertaining, but I'm more of a beer battered onion ring fan and will have to remember that next time.
5	For being out of town great service, food was on time and all you can drink lemonade ..fun place to go for lunch
4	The food here is always good. Great burgers and I'm pretty partial to the cod fish and chips, with those bottomless steak fries. Every time we come here, the staff is amazing, attentive and with personality plus! We got turned on to Dr Pepper floats and Sprite floats here as well. Ask for Mike, he'll do right by you.
4	Red, white and bleu salad was super yum and a great addition to the menu! This location was clean with great service and food served at just the right temps! Kids pizza is always a hit too with lots of great side dish options for the kiddos! When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!
1	This place is crap. Went there for lunch today with a friend of mine. FOUND A DAMN HAIR IN MY FOOD.. So nasty, told management about it & was pretty upset.. When I got the check.. Had not received a discount for the mistake! Aren't they supposed to wear hair nets? Hair in someone's food.. So nasty. I will NEVER be back. Total waste of money on food that hair in it and was burnt! Do not go to this location they are HORRIBLE!
5	Excellent service by the staff tonight!  We were seated quickly, our drink order was taken immediately and our appetizers arrived all within 15 mins of being there.. Food was also very good! I will be going again and recommend this location.
2	Was not special.  This parking lot in same area as the theater and all of the other food businesses.  Not sure who is responsible but the clean up of these lots is absolutely terrible.  This restaurant was clean.  The restroom could have stood a touch up.  The server wasn't rude but really wasn't anything special.  My wife got one refill and I never was offered a refill on my iced tea.  The food was ok.  My wife's burger seemed undercooked and was definitely a frozen patty.  My chicken wrap was ok.  The chili had a nice little bite to it.  The server asked my wife if she wanted more fries after she knew we were done with the meal.  Overall this particular RR location is not as good as others we have been to.
3	For a chain restaurant, Red Robin is usually one my favorite ones. However, our experience in this one left me with a bad taste in my mouth, and not from the food.You see, Red Robin has an eClub, of which I'm a member. As an eClub member, you receive a free gourmet burger of your choice the week of your birthday. I make sure to take advantage of that offer on an annual basis. It's my birthday and I made sure to let my server know this, then proceed to order a gourmet burger of my choice. Well, the gourmet burger I ordered was a new item on the menu. I ate it and enjoyed it thoroughly (tender, juicy, and flavorful). Then I get my bill at the end. It wasn't free...I asked my server why, to which she then informed me that this particular gourmet burger was not part of the birthday deal. Huh, well that's nice to know...after the fact. It seems that when I made it very clear that it was my birthday, instead of telling me then that this burger was not included, she let me order it thinking, "bigger bill, bigger tip", but who can know for sure. All I know is that it sucks when you feel you've been mislead. Burger, great. Experience, not good.
2	It was a very bad experience for my date and I at this restaurant which is unusual for the red robin restaurants. The service was awful and the food was ok though they didn't get it right the first time and we had to send it back. The drinks took forever as wellI know they were busy but they just seemed either unprepared or just overwhelmed. I hope it was just my experience at this store but if this place is busy I wouldn't go to it again that's for sure
4	Service was good, cocktails were excellent and you get to keep your glass, food was ok, a little bit like fast food, ok if you want to east on the run, place was huge.
1	Ok I was out and about with my mother, sister and nephews. My mom wanted a hamburger. So we decided to go to Red Robin. They were busy, being a Saturday afternoon. We waited over 20 mins to be seated. We finally are called for our table. We get there and the table is not ready and very cramped against other tables. So now we wait for our server.......and we wait......still waiting over 15 minutes have passed. Other tables around us have been greeted and had their drink orders taken. Our party nothing. Trying to grab any servers attention is a fail. I am irritated at this point. My mom is hungry and getting fustrated too. I decide at this point enough is enough. I tell them we are out of there. A server walks by and thanks me. I tell her thanks for the no service. I get this disgusted look. My sister gets stopped by the manager by this point me and my nephews are already in the vehicle. He tried to apologize and gave her a coupon for a free appetizer.  Too late bub! We headed over to Island burgers. Which was right down the street. We were seated promptly and our server was there almost immediately. Got our drinks ordered and the food was brought out in a timely fashion.  My burger was cooked as ordered and was delicious.  I had the Hawaiian btw. My mother ate her entire burger. She rarely finishes her meals. She had the Maui burger. Needless to say Red Robins almost soured a great afternoon with my family, thanks to Island burgers for their great services. Islands Hawaiian burger is bigger and better than Red Robins Banzai burger. I waited a day to write this cuz it would have been alot nastier. Oh yea I forgot to mention that another table walked out off Red Robins too. I will avoid this location like if it is contaminated with the ebola virus.
3	We came here it was super packed but we didnt have to wait too long. Maybe about 5 minutes, that was good. Server was very nice and friendly. We ordered the half size onion rings they are so good!!! Especially the dipping sauce they come with very good. I got a Margarita for a drink with prickly pear, i forget the name but it was very very delicious and tasted very fresh, it was different, but nice. I also got the burnin love burger and I must say there was absolutely no burn. It comes with pepper jack cheese fried jalapenos and a big serano grilled jalapeno on top. Not one bit of hot in that burger. I mean, thats the whole idea behind it right? "burning love" not very good. Fries were cold that sucked. My son got macaroni and cheese with mandarin oranges and loved it! i tasted it and it wasnt much flavor but if my son ate it, im happy. My family and I had a nice time here, The food was okay and the service was good. I will be coming here again
5	I got the a1 peppercorn with chli cheese fries and it's off the hook . the waiter is really nice and makes sure our drinks are full and everything's fine with us which is a good thing because I tip on good service not good food . All in all Red Robin is  a good place to eat just don't expect to pay what you would pay for fast food especially since the food is far from mediocre.
2	Apparently they don't staff appropriately for a Saturday night.  we didn't wait long to be seated but waited for the server.  The bathrooms were terrible wikth no toilet paper  except for entire roll in the toilet and towels all over the floor.  The server Leo was good.  The water also tasted bad like there was mold somewhere.
1	Came here to eat on a night out with 4 friends they messed up on 3 of our orders food was nasty and cold they took forever and we basically had to ask for them  to give us a discount which was 2 dollars off our bill wow ..never had such a bad experience at this Red Robin clearly change of management.. Never coming here again!
4	Haven't been to Red Robin since they changed the the design of their logo. I figured there would be some changes to their menu as well. There was, but not only that, the inside of the restaurant was redesigned too. The lighting was better and seemed nicer. The menu was spiral-bound with more items and lots of pictures. Something new that caught our eye right away, but we did not order, was the tower of donuts (Doh! Rings). After being greeted by 3 different people, one of whom was the manager who gave us each a rewards card, we got our waters and ordered the O-Ring Shorty (6 rings instead of 13) to start. I think RR onion rings are some of the best, although I thought these left a distinct fried oil aftertaste. Don't know if they have always been like that, but I noticed it this time.My favorite burgers there are the Whiskey River BBQ burger, Banzai burger, and Royal Red Robin. But the Smoke & Pepper burger caught my attention... "Topped with black-pepper bacon and extra-sharp Cheddar on a toasted ciabatta bun with house-made Smoke & Pepper ketchup." Yummy! No lettuce and no pink, of course. My boyfriend upgraded his steak fries to their new Garlic Herbed Fries. When the food came out, I noticed pepper jack cheese, onion straws, and an onion bun... not my burger! The server was new and apparently confused the Smoke & Pepper with the Peppercorn burger. The manager told me they were fixing it and would comp my meal. Very nice of him! He also brought out a basket of steak fries while I waited for my burger.The fries were hot and tasty. I wasn't overly impressed with the garlic fries as they just had a garlic salt and not actual minced garlic like the ones we got at the State Fair a couple weeks ago. When my actual burger came out, it had lettuce (no big deal, easy to remove), it was cooked properly, and it was good! Very peppery, so if you like pepper like I do, this is a great choice! Took half of it home to eat for lunch the next day. The server also gave us some extra fries with our boxes. :) While the service was a bit scattered, the mix-up was rectified so I am happy with our RR experience.
4	Love this place, food is to die for. Best bugers and fries. Huge portions! Yum. And not very expensive.
3	I always get the tavern double and it's always clutch. But being in az for this red robin something wasn't the same. Service was weak idk if was from the holiday rush but it needs some help.
4	I don't know what they have against seating me in the dining room but every time I come here they seat me in the bar. Don't get me wrong I definitely enjoy a good drink but the bar tends to be louder with less privacy. I go to restaurants to have good food and enjoy the company of the people I am with... not to hang out in a bar. That being said the food is amazing so I rated them four stars because of their food.
1	NO YUM here!!!   My daughter and I had the big sky burger with fries. My husband and grandson had the fish and chip basket.  Service was ok. It was a busy night.  Tables were not full but not fully staffed.  All seemed well until my daughter woke me at 3am with severe stomach pain.  She had explosive diarrhea and vomiting. She was admitted to the hospital that morning.  At 24 hours, I had the same symptoms and adding to our symptoms was joint aches, chills the sensation of passing out with movement. I had no strength to hold a glass to sip water. My husband called the manager the next evening when my symptoms flared and the only thing the manager said was "hmmm no one else has called with any complaints."  I will NEVER eat at a Red Robin ever ever again!!! NEVER
