4	A few weeks ago someone backed into me in a parking lot.  Needless to say, no one likes having an accident nor dealing with the aftermath of working wth claims adjusters, etc.  It's all a hassle, but Gerber made it easy & far less painless.  From Meg at reception to Keith who worked with me and walked me through the process.  They were all great.  Now that I have my car back all I want to do is forget about the whole thing, but I do remember the folks at Gerber and how happy I was that I went there.  WOW!
5	So I just got in my 2nd accident that wasn't my fault in my 6-month old car (I know...I've already named my car the black widow.), and have had the pleausre of working with Gerber on 2 occassions.  They were fantastic on several fronts.First, the repair itself was very, very well done.  The paint matches perfect, no signs of the repair, and it was very clean when they returned it.Another thing I really appreciated were the Tuesday & Thursday calls letting me know what they were doing and when it would be done.  It seems like so many times there's a waiting game...not with Gerber.I have to admit that I was a bit hesitant with them initially becuase they were a preferred vendor of my insurer, but they far exceeded my expectations and I would take my non-insurance work there too because they do a great job.  That being said, I'm hoping to not have to seem them again for at least a while so I can enjoy my new car for a bit!  Good to know that I have a "go-to" if I need it though.
4	This place seems honest, reasonable and efficient!  I must say, I have not actually had my car fixed here yet, but I will soon!!  I called to schedule yesterday around close and they had me in for an appraisal today at noon!  The service was quick and courteous.  My bruises on my Jeep were from a scrape off the beaten path and they were not too bad, so I was debating whether to use my insurance.  He told me about three options and discounts available that all seemed reasonable with/without insurance, which I thought was very honest and professional.  They also said it should only take a day to fix it!I only gave 4 stars because I have not actually had my car fixed here yet.  I will make sure to give an update!  I forecast a 5 star review in their future :)
3	My car got hit by someone in a parking lot.  It was their fault and they were insured by GEICO.  After going through the claims process, they offered the use of this body shop to repair my car because they have a claims adjuster located on-site to handle the process and that it would be faster.  They also offer a lifetime guarantee and warranty for all work completed by the shop....ok.The process was pretty easy and convenient.  Dropped off the car and then received daily phone calls from the shop keeping me informed of the progress....it was nice, but a little bit over the top.  Since it was covered by insurance, I'm not sure if their pricing is fair or expensive....but the work they did was good.  You really can't tell that the car was involved in an accident.Return Factor - 75%
1	Dropped my car to be repaired and was told they would call me in a day to let me know what they found and how long it would be there. Three days later I called and got a voicemail and left a message. The next afternoon I had to call back and demand to speak to someone. They told me that they had come across some unexpected issues  but the initial issue was being handled and they would call me back with more info as the repair moved along. Never hear back till the car was done. Got it back home and found two things that still had not been done and arranged to have it taken back and it took 5 extra days (originally 2 days) for them to do the work and they have yet to call me I had to call them to find out what is going on. I will never go back. I suggest you stay away.
5	Picture yourself sitting at a red light minding your own business. Then some moron who is on his phone doesn't see the light and plows into you which forces you  into the guy in front of you.  Yea, you're the meat in an auto sandwich.I took the car to Gerber and was impressed as soon as I arrived. The estimator was friendly and professional.  He noticed some damage that I overlooked.I was told that the repairs would take a week mostly because they had to get some of the parts in from California. That was fine with me.  They actually called every other evening to give me an update - nice touch.The total repair bill was over $8,000 and the car looked brand new when I picked it up.  The next day a coworker asked me if I got a new car - it looked that nice.I'd go back in a heartbeat.
4	I have since returned twice for follow ups and the communications piece has changed completely.  Tyler and Steve are both great to work with and very helpful and knowledgable I would recommend you go here and I will be returning.
5	I was not paying attention one day when I was pulling up to a pump at the gas station and dented nearly the entire passenger side of my car. I went to a few different shops and got estimates. Gerber was the least expensive shop I found. I am planning on selling the car so I didn't want to spend an arm and a leg fixing it. I went in and talked to the receptionist and before she could even finish asking me to take a seat, Stephanie was already coming over to greet me. She got her paper work together and within 10 minutes she was completely done looking at the damage and writing up an estimate. They were so understanding when I told them that I wanted to drop off my car on a certain day at a certain time because I was going out of town and wanted them to work on it while I was gone. They had an amazing deal also, they would pay for rental car for a few days or give me $100 off the total. They didn't try to sneak in any additional charges like some shops like to do. They were very straight forward when telling me what could cause the total cost to go up and Stephanie ensured me they would call me immediately and let me know anything before any work was started. Tyler was so helpful as well. He made sure my car was safe when it was done being repaired and I was not back in town yet. I would call to get an update and check on my car and Tyler had absolutely no problem with talking to me even if he was busy. The entire staff is amazing but Stephanie and Tyler made the experience so wonderful. Hopefully I will never need collision repair again, but if I do i am 100% going back to Gerber! Also, I have recommended Gerber to a few friends already!
1	Although the repair work was fine, the customer service was terrible!  No communication and very difficult to talk to someone.  I called them on day promised and they said the work was done and give them another hour so they could wash the car and double check work.  I picked up rhe car and it was not washed!  Would not use them again.
5	These guys have an "all hands on deck" approach to customer service. They were great when they fixed my car 2 months ago. A headlight they replaced filled up with water so I called about it and they told me to stop in any time. It took me 2 weeks to finally get down there and I fully expected to need to wait for them to order the part and make a return trip to get the repair done. Nope, they ordered the part when I called knowing I'd eventually be in. I pointed out a trim piece that was popping up and they ordered a new one immediately, and it will be in tomorrow.Use Gerber because they are professional, have impressive customer service, and if there is a problem with their work, they fix it without any reservations.
5	This place has real professionals working there, couple of year ago my Porsche 911 was hit in a parking lot & they painted the fender & it was perfect,.so in the past month   i've gone through a couple of cars, i called Tyler who i usually deal with (great guy, knows his stuff)  E63 M6 that i had them paint and install a roof & trunk spoiler on, they did an excellent job, then just last week took them a custom front bumper for a 650i to have installed & painted, they finished the job within less than a week & the paint and install was perfect, mind you this car was silver & silver usually isn't easy to match! Thanks!
5	Fantastic service and repair!I had a scrape down the back of my SUV (wife decided to close garage door down on it) and it wasn't pretty. I walked in, got a quote which was reasonable, about average compared to all the other shops, and decided to use them. I brought the car in on a Tuesday afternoon and done mid Friday even with ordering parts and bumber. Car was washed and cleaned inside & out.This will be my go to (hopefully never needed) shop again.
