5	Jonathan Avery Homestore describes itself as "Just as cool, since 1993". While you may think it is stating its claim at being down with the kids, I've got to say I agree.I don't know exactly how cool they were in 93 since I was 7, and preoccupied with Polly Pocket and The Lion King. But what I can declare is that it is a very cool store with a huge variety of stock! It's quite a large shop, partitioned off into rooms. While one is dedicated to beautiful crockery, fun and modern utensils for the kitchen and funky aprons, the next is dedicated to cushions and frills. All over the store it's got that contemporary edge, but their modern yet retro style is exciting if you're decorating. I've reached the age where I am excited at homewares (in fact I think I've always been at that stage) so I enjoyed their minimalist furniture, not to mention the slightly more whimsical offerings, such as fabric to design your own patchwork quilt.Don't be deterred if you're just stopping by for a present - they have tons of little oddities that would make kick ass gifts. I really liked their fold up postcards of New York and Tokyo - made me want to go away just to send them! And they had origami robot kits which is a first.I definitely dig Jonathan Avery's style. It's a bit more expensive than your Ikeas, but heaps of quality and love have gone into making the store as hip as it is. I can't believe I just used the word "hip" in a sentence - I sound like an aged uncle trying to be cool. Maybe Jonathan Avery could give me some lessons in that department - it's awesome.
5	Jonathan Avery... or Jonathan Ovary as I like to call it, is a very sweet little gift store stocking a whole bunch of gift ideas for friends, family or if you just want to treat yourself.My favourite things here are the little Volkswagen hippy vans that you can get in tin or cushion form... so cute! I have a love of all things Volkswagen for two reasons;1) Because I love all things German.2) I just bought my first car; Betty and she's a little Volkswagen and is cute as a button.Anyway, I digress...They don't just have VW cuties they also have quirky notepads with gorgeous prints on them, cool cat bins in various colours and prints, scarves, bags, cushions and various ornaments for around the house. The staff in here are very friendly, the shop is beautifully organised making it very inviting and there's something for everyone, give it a whirl!
4	Just like Eleanor, I share a love for all things Teutonic. Organisation, good public transport, currywurst and standing up at football matches are just a few of the things they've currently got nailed, and in Volkswagon they also have one of the most solid, dependable, and popular car brands to go with it. The prominence of little toy camper vans in Jonathon Avery suggets the staff here all also impressed by precision engineering, "Volksophiles" perhaps.Mind you, I've never quite been the happy-clapping camper type, even though my hairs certainly long enough. Anyway, if it's ornamental hippy vans you're after, or just ornamental anything really, then this is your place.
