4	I stayed here at the Grand Pittsburgh (former Hilton) once recently and would stay here every time I came to Pittsburgh if I had any hotel option.  The ex-Hilton franchise hotel in downtown Pittsburgh was opened as in 1959 but it is now become the Wyndham Grand Pittsburgh Hotel Downtown.  It is in the Phase II of a long but apparently worthwhile upgrade.  At some point during the process, the owner had stopped paying sales taxes and lost the Hilton franchise license and signage as part of his concessions to bankruptcy court. However, the Wyndham is bailing out the property in hopes to convert it into one of their top of the line hotels. I expected to have a lot of inconveniences here, but quite the opposite was true as it appears the new? management is currently very on top of things and trying to restore the hotel to the value it enjoyed during its heyday. Front desk service was top notch, quickly responding to our requests made via the room phone (which had Hilton's name and speeddials crossed out with a permanent marker).  The concierge was sufficiently helpful in providing maps and suggested restaurants and tourist activities.  The FREE "hhonors" wifi and plug-in ethernet was disappointingly spotty in rooms (I reported this to the front desk) but it did work very well in the lobby and hallways.The best thing about the hotel was its prominent location. Being the biggest hotel in Pittsburgh (24 stories, over 700 rooms), the Wyndham Grand Pittsburgh Hotel has a luxurious view of the confluence of the three rivers and point state park (pictured), Heinz Field, the Duquesne incline, and the rest of downtown Pittsburgh.  In our room, which was high and on the river side, the view of the three rivers and point state park from above the tenth floor, was simply amazing at all hours of the day and night. A mirror on the side wall took advantage of this panoramic view.  When trains and barges passed our window, we could hear them faintly even though they were in the distance. This did not disturb our sleep whatsoever but I found it difficult to leave the view behind as we dozed off peacefully in comfortable beds.The room was significantly smaller than most other hotels, however it was very comfortable, and a flat-screen wall mounted TV took up absolutely no space, so we were not too crowded. The sliding bathroom door which disappeared into the wall also allowed two to maneuver easily in the otherwise tight quarters. The hotel has one of the biggest gift stores I've ever seen in a hotel but it was hiding out by the back entrance and easy to overlook by mistake. The hotel is stocked with plenty of business traveler amenities, conference rooms and dining, and they will soon even add a swimming pool for its guests. A swimming pool downtown! When I received my credit card statement I found that I had been double billed for my room. I know I had prepaid for the room over a month ago and then I had another charge show up on my bill from "Hilton Pittsburgh PA".  I protested the second charge with the hotel management.  They said there was a known billing problem affecting many customers due to the transition in ownership from Hilton, and when I called back a second time, I was able to get the 2nd charge refunded. I look forward to booking my next Pittsburgh stay here again.
2	I have to break this down into two parts.  Location - 5/5.  I couldn't have asked for a better location.  At the edge of town across from a park and a bridge, you have a lovely view of the incline and Heinz Field. However, there is no parking at the hotel and you must either secure street parking (which I lucked out on and was free because I happened to be there over a holiday when the meters weren't in force) or you must pay to park in one of the two garages located across the street from the hotel. There are no in and out privileges, so you must pay every time you exit. This can get pricey.  It is about a 10-15 minute walk to PNC Park and Heinz Field.  You can also walk across the bridge to Station Square.Hotel itself - 2/5 (which is what I've rated above).  Yes, I know I am staying there over New Year's Eve. Yes, I know I am there for a special event (the Winter Classic). Considering I booked well in advance before they got wind that the Winter Classic was being played in DC, I got the room for a reasonable rate ($159/night, which it jumped up to $259+ after I made reservations).  I lucked out and got a view overlooking the river/stadiums. The doors to the room look a little weird - almost like you're getting ready to fall down into the rabbit hole.  Upon entering the door to the The Shire (as I started calling it, since the door seemed tiny and I felt like I was one of the Hobbits), you walk into the room and your first thought is - where is the rest of the room? Am I in New York City? It is TINY! They cram a lot of stuff into the little room. I liked the dark wood decorations, but the room lacked a refrigerator.  The flat screen was tiny. But the worst part was the bathroom - it did not have a door; rather, it had a frosted glass sliding door that made a lot of noise. When splitting the room with four people, two of whom you don't know all that well, it's not ideal. In fact, you can see through the door almost. Awwwwwwwwwkward! The shower had great water pressure (got a good massage from it), but did not drain so I was standing in Lake Wyndham very shortly after beginning to shower. The hotel is not equipped to handle using two blowdryers at once, so we blew the circuit to half the room. I notified them at 6 PM that the lights were out; we came back from the New Year's Dance Off at 2:30 AM and the lights were still not fixed. The last thing I wanted to do was schlep my drunk ass back down to the desk to get the lights turned on (especially vital since it was the half of the room with the bathroom that was dark, and with the curtains closed it was literally like being in a cave), especially when I had just walked back from Station Square since cabs won't pick up drunk folk on New Year's morning. Someone fixed it within 10 minutes but still....I had told them 8 hours earlier. Not cool. The bed in my room was uncomfortable - the mattresses were so soft that you rolled into the person you were sleeping with. My sister did not enjoy that I kept rolling into her.Apparently there is some issue with their cleaning staff since my friends in another room got into their first room and discovered used coffee grounds in the coffee pot and moldy, damp towels in their bathroom.  They were moved to an upgraded room and....got another coffee pot with used coffee grounds in it.  The hotel then comp'd them a breakfast buffet....which consisted of juice and some muffins. They weren't amused.Had I not been anal retentive about my travel plans, I never would've known that the hotel had been rebranded to a Wyndham from Hilton, which is where I made my initial reservation and I had a difficult time getting confirmation of my new reservation with the Wyndham system.  I would not recommend staying here. It's a big waste of money if you ask me.
2	Beautiful rooms, great conference facilities, but terrible service. 95% of the staff had no idea what they were doing, and the food was disappointing and massively overpriced. Maybe it was the ownership transition, but I won't come here again unless for another conference, and even then, I'll research nearby restaurants thoroughly so I don't have to get any of my sustenance from the Wyndham.
1	Cramped rooms with worn-out furniture. I had a room with two double beds; both were old and uncomfortable. There was room between the beds, but one bed was pushed up against a wall and the other barely had space between the bed and the wall. The desk chair blocked the foot of one bed, the closet door blocked the bathroom doorway, and the closet barely had room for one person's luggage. Great view from the 11th floor, though.The elevators were erratic and insufficient for a full hotel, and one elevator had a nasty habit of closing, not going anywhere, and eventually opening again. Better than being trapped, but a cause for concern that the hotel management apparently doesn't share.There were not enough bellhops, not enough luggage carts, and a front desk that was sometimes staffed by friendly people and sometimes staffed by unpleasant people with a "can't do" attitude. The outdoor bellhop stacked my belongings on a luggage cart in a way that could not fit onto the elevator; the indoor bellhop solved this by shoving items off the cart to fall onto the floor before restacking. And shoved them off again on delivery, just in case the first time had seemed like an accident.When I asked for a microwave for my room, it was delivered promptly (good) with someone's leftovers in it (bad). When I went to the exercise room, two of the treadmills had slipping tracks. The catering staff could prepare very good food, but couldn't keep up with a large reception. The hotel restaurant had a good kitchen and poorly trained service staff (long waits in a half-full restaurant, idle wandering by a confused manager, and thumbs in the water pitchers).The hotel shuttle driver dropped us off once, but wouldn't answer his cell phone so we couldn't get back to the hotel on the shuttle.The conference facilities were cleaned by vacuums with no filters, so debris from the floor gets pushed out the air exhaust and redistributed onto all nearby surfaces. Disgusting and unhealthy. In the conference facilities, the staff refilled decaf carafes with regular coffee, left water unfilled, and constantly ran out of mugs and glasses. The carpet sections in the "Grand" ballroom had gaps at the seams, taped in places and needing tape in other places.In-room wifi didn't work most of the time, and wifi in the conference facilities didn't work most of the time.There is no on site parking (the valets use a nearby garage), there's no pool, there's no spa, there's no concierge, and there's no visible effort being put in by hotel management to turn this hotel around from when it was a poorly-reviewed Hilton. I can see why Hilton pulled their branding from this hotel, and I'm baffled by why Wyndham would destroy their brand by calling it not just a Wyndham but a Wyndham Grand. You can't refurbish a run-down hotel in just a couple of months, but you can quickly put in place better management, better staff, and a better attitude. That hasn't happened yet.The staff response to problems on site was to nod, smile, and do nothing. Better than overt hostility, but not by much. The management response afterwards to problems was to say that they'll look into it. Wyndham corporate doesn't seem to understand how badly this hotel will harm their brand's reputation.
2	I stayed at the Wyndham this past weekend and have mixed feelings about it.The lobby and the front desk staff, upon arrival, really impressed me. I thought they were friendly and wished me an enjoyable stay - off to a good start. I arrived in the room which was in great condition. I didn't think it was run down as a few of the other reviews stated. Besides, a room is just a room - how much time do you spend in there anyway?I throw my stuff down... and, of course, head right for Primanti Bros. My plan was to jump right in a cab - on a Friday night at a hotel, it should be no problem getting a cab. Well... there are no cabs to be found. This isn't necessarily the hotel's fault, because I found out that apparently, cabs in Pittsburgh are hard to come by. HOWEVER, the bellhops and the valet guys did not tell me this. Instead, they say that one will come around soon. Not only did a cab not come, but the bellhops didn't tell us that the hotel offers a free shuttle service anywhere within 3 miles of the place. HELLO!? Now would be a great time to tell me that!!!Room service: 2 bagels, 2 orange juices = about $30. INSANE.At checkout, I was supposed to receive a special rate - buy one night, get the second half off. They charged me full price for the second night at checkout. Had I not examined the receipt carefully, I wouldn't have noticed. Bullshit.  I brought it up and they quickly took a look at the computer and fixed it. Overall - mixed feelings.
1	DarkFront desk staff very unfriendly, which is unusual for PittsburghWireless Internet worked vey poorly - unacceptable for a hotel catering to business clientsBugs in room -yuck!Won't make the mistake of staying here againMarriott and Omni are far better establishments
2	This is quite possibly the worst hotel I have stayed at with its only pro being its location.Con's- Backup at the overpriced valet drop off upon arrival;- Hotel is in a state of disarray with construction and conversion from Hilton to Wyndham, nothing matches, contractors mix with guests... there is no logical consistency which makes this place 'hospitable';- 'New' rooms have cheap finishes, still use original HVAC system (humid, poor odor), and have paper thin walls (able to hear people in next room and housekeeping @ 7am);- Poor bar service only capable of providing drinks from a bottle or tap (nothing is mixed on site);- Poor WiFi cuts in and out;- Front desk and concierge would not pick up calls to desk(s);- Promoted coffee bar is not in service - only the overpriced restaurant was open for breakfast.- Valet pulled up car but neglected to be of assistance in loading car.  I had to hunt down the valet for my car keys.The short story is that the Wyndham is anything but 'Grand'.  Given the hotel's location within the great City of Pittsburgh, I expected better and am very, very disappointed what I got for the money.  Stay elsewhere.
1	The Wyndham Grand is the former Hilton hotel, which went bankrupt, partially due to the the construction that has still not been completed, despite the fact that it is under new ownership. The hotel is in general disarray, as other reviewers have mentioned, and the "perks" they claim to offer are misleading. Despite charging $30 a night for valet, it takes a long time for you to get your car, even if you call 10-15 minutes ahead of time. The rooms are small and outdated. The wifi comes in and out, and is slow when it is "in.". Definitely not worth the price.However, if general unpleasantness was the only issue I experienced with this hotel, I would have probably given it 2 stars, or even 3 (if it had some really good customer service or some other really positive attributes). Unfortunately, I also experienced a major billing issue that I am still trying to work out, after several hours on the phone and 3 different trips to the front desk while I was still checked in. Basically, the staff lost several faxes that were sent by my travel company with the billing information and charged my personal card, even though I told them several times they were not authorized to do so and was promised they had deleted my credit card from their system. It seems that there isn't much communication among staff members, as every time I have had to go to the front desk or call back about this problem, I have had to start at the very beginning and explain the situation all over again.If you choose to stay here, be sure to get any billing agreements in writing, and do not give them access to any credit cards that you do not want charged for your entire stay (not just incidentals). You might even be charged more than once and have to follow up, so make sure you keep an eye on your checking account for a few days afterward. Overall, an extremely disappointing and stressful experience.
2	Housekeeping comes around at EIGHT AM, so put the do not disturb on your door unless you want to be rudely awakened. Between that and the smoke detector in the hall whose "battery alert" has been going off every two minute for three days, didn't get much sleep. It was also really hard to get a cab, a ten minute wait for an elevator, and the "free wifi" doesn't work. You can definitely find somewhere much better for the money.
2	OK so I ignored the reviews, which I should not have done! Negatives: First off, bring your laptop because the business center charges you $3.00 and then .50 cents per MINUTE to be on the internet for any reason!Valet parking/parking huge issue!! Valet parking $26 a night, a huge joke, and there is terrible parking when going into the hotel.  My Room: My room was smaller than advertised then I get to it and find out it was not cleaned and the bathroom was disgusting. Probably by far one of the worst hotel experiences I have ever had. I would expect this from a hotel but not when spending over $150 a night on a room.  WiFi: Yes it is free, but my room did not get it in range for some crazy reason.They did upgrade my room which was nice to a river view, but the bathroom was still dirty and also had trouble with the bathroom sink it clogged.  Positives: Concierge is a very nice guy and very helpful and the location was really nice, but that was about it.Overall: Spend more money to go to a nice hotel, even if it is an extra $50 or $100 more, because if you want the "luxury experience" this is not the place to go to, you will be highly disappointed.
4	I have to add my two cents after reading the previous reviewers' ratings.  I had an all-around good experience at the Wyndham Grand after coming in town to see the end of a Cardinals/Pirates series. At first, we were told the king room we reserved would not be available, however, upon second review, a room was made available for us.  The room was decently sized, the bed exceptionally comfortable (despite some very small, yet comfy, pillows), and there were no issues at all with cleanliness/smell/disturbances, etc.  I will admit, the frosted glass bathroom sliding door is a bit odd, but didn't pose an issue for me.  I maybe would feel slightly uncomfortable if sharing with several people I didn't know all that well, but you really could not see in at all--you could just sense movement...so I don't know.I found both the front desk and the concierge to be exceptionally helpful, and you just can't beat this location.  As previous reviewers have mentioned: it's about a 10-15 minute walk to PNC and Hines field.  Awesome.  It's also convenient to the downtown "cultural center" district and lots of restaurants.In terms of moderately priced hotels, I found this one to be top notch, and I will definitely return if I find myself visiting Pittsburgh in the future.
3	We stayed at the Wyndham Grand because of its proximity to both PNC Park and the Benedum theater.  I found that the desk staff to be very friendly and helpful.  The parking situation in front of the hotel is a joke.  We had to park down the street to unload our luggage because there wasn't enough room to park our truck in front of the hotel.  We used one of the public lots to park our truck, which was far more reasonable than valet parking.  We were very disappointed that they no longer provide a shuttle service as stated on their website. It would have been nice to be able to use the shuttle service for dinner along the Strip District.  We ended up walking the 20 blocks (1.8 miles).  Our room was small, but very comfortable.  We enjoyed having fresh brewed coffee every morning.  The location was within easy walking distance of PNC Park/Heinz Field and the Theater District.
4	I too used Hotwire to score this hotel and I was pleased. This hotel was built long ago and it shows. That's no necessarily a bad thing, but it was built before the advent of McDonalds and Wendy's Baconator, so the rooms seem small by today's standards. It's not too small for a roof over your head for a weekend. The room was clean and the pillows were pillowy. The TV was decent. HBO, but as usual, nothing is ever on.My biggest problem for the room was the bathroom. Let's just say there's not too much privacy when it comes to noise. I suggest running the faucet when, ahem, using the bathroom.Wifi was free.The staff is very friendly, the valet guys even let me park in front of the hotel to check in and then get cheaper parking. Valet is $26/day with in and out privileges, but you can park at a local garage for $10 and pretty much walk everywhere.The location for this place can't be beat. I was able to get just about anywhere from here with no problem. For the price I paid, it wasn't bad. I wouldn't pay anything over $150 a night, but the location is worth the extra money.
2	We Pricelined this hotel.  Wyndham is doing the best they can with what they're working with, but this place really needs renovating.  The location,  staff and view were great, but the walls are thin; there's an inch gap between the room doors and the floor so sounds travel into your room; you have to get into the shower to turn it on, so be sure to point it away from yourself or you'll get blasted with cold water; the shower door doesn't stop the water so our floor was dangerously wet after each shower; grout is cracked in the shower & while showering I started getting paranoid that the whole bathroom would crash to the floor below; bed could double as trampoline.  Not worth what we paid on Priceline.
2	After some ridiculous weather shenanigans, our flight was canceled out of New York, leaving us with no choice but to rent a car and drive as quickly as possible from LaGuardia to Pittsburgh for a friend's wedding, for which my hubby was playing piano. Thanks to our canceled flight, we got a late start and knew that we would be skating into town really late. I  called the Wyndham to confirm that we would be fine with a very, very late check-in on the room we had booked months before and was assured that it was all good. Well... after a long, harrowing drive in the pouring rain,  we arrived at the hotel at 2:30 AM to learn from the sheepish overnight manager that the hotel was completely overbooked, and our room had been given away. Not exactly a great ending to what had already been a pretty crappy day.The only reason the Wyndham ended up rating two stars was that the hotel staff handled things as well as they could have under the circumstances. The manager comped us into valet parking overnight, refunded that night's room and booked us into the Sheraton across town, and had us driven over to finally get some much-needed sleep. He also gave us his card and told us to call him in the morning to let him know when we were ready to return to the hotel, where we would have a room ready and waiting. We were REALLY impressed to see the manager himself turn up at the Sheraton the next morning to personally drive us back to the Wyndham as his last task before finishing his shift and going home. The hotel itself is fine. The decor is nice, but it feels strangely retrofitted into the space-- doors don't go all the way to the floor, so there are strange gaps at the bottom, and the sliding door on the bathroom doesn't offer much in the way of privacy. On the plus side, the bar is ludicrously generous in their hard alcohol pours. For something like $8, I was given a gigantic brandy snifter filled to the brim with Knob Creek. After the rest of my experience there, man, did I need it!
3	I was surprised how small the rooms were! We're from NYC and were expecting hotel rooms in Pittsburgh to be bigger than what we're used to but this hotel disappointed. We were given a room on the executive level which one would think are bigger rooms but the only difference was there was a Sky Lounge just for the executive level. But we stayed over Christmas weekend and the lounge was closed the whole time. And there's no fridge in the room!!! What kind of hotel doesn't have a fridge in the rooms these days? FAIL! We did have a nice view of "The Point" and can see Heinz Field from our window and it's only a 10-15 min walk from the hotel -- those are the only 2 reasons I give this place a 3. Glad I booked this hotel through HW otherwise, I woudn't pay regular price. The front desk also wasn't very helpful. I asked about the shuttle (that they brag about on the website) going to the casino and she didn't know their schedule. She even told me to go on the internet to look for the casino phone # (because she didn't have it) to get shuttle info myself. Seriously??!?!
3	Spent two days of my life and hardly left the hotel as I was there for a wedding.The bar was nice, the breakfast was good and it was a nice place for a wedding.  I would have enjoyed a pool and some more amenities, especially being there with children, but overall, it was OK.
1	Ok, so it has been two years since I have had the chance to write this review, but driving by it tonight just reminded me of how horrible this place is.While house hunting, i spent about a week here. The elevators smell like a dirty hoagie, and the rooms have stained sheets. Not only did the waitress at the cafe refuse to give me a to go cup for my coffee, she emphatically dumped out my coffee into the trash right in front of me! I believe she was missing a few teeth.Run far, far away.
1	This place was beyond horrible - and I wish Yelp had negative stars...from feces in the toilet upon my arrival, to coutertops that werent clean, to just plain shoddy accomodations AFTER my room change - i just wouldnt reccommend anyone stay here (unless I really, really, REALLY hated them).
1	The room decor is very lovely and the room was very clean. However, I found much of the staff very rude and unaccommodating.
3	Stayed here over a weekend in the summer.  It was during the arts festival, so bad decision on my part there.  Traffic during that time of the year is horrible.  You have to explain to about three cops why you are turning down Commonwealth Place before they believe you.  Check in is simple, elevators take a bit, getting settled doesn't take any time.  The view I had from my room was amazing, facing the point, it was gorgeous.  Room was nicely put together.  But here's where my complaints start.  There 'free wi-fi' was spotty at best.  A full signal one second and then nothing after that.  More times than not I was forced to use the cord at a desk that had NO chair.  Yes, no chair.  So either kneel on the floor or stand, doesn't make for getting much done at the computer easy.  The vending machines sucked.  I went to receive a water out of one because I know how "awesome" Pittsburgh water is.  Both buttons designated for water promptly spat out grape sodas at me.  Parking kind of sucked, pay to have it valet, or pay to have it in the garage across the street.Thank god it was located in the downtown area, I could walk to a store at least.
4	Great experience! Upgraded for free to the grand (24th floor), which included a private lounge with breakfast and drinks. Beautiful view of the river/ pittsburgh. Staff was amazing all around. Free wifi and good location (pnc park, restaurants and bars). easy public transit to other areas of the city (south side, Oakland).
4	Nice place, nice ppl, awesome fitness room.  it is also walking distance to many nice places to stop and eat or shop.Their restaurant was soooo good.  My husband had the salmon dinner, which he really liked.  i had the chicken, which came w/ diced sweet potatos and greens.  It was soooo good, my mouth is watering now.  My oldest ate all of his spaghetti and the youngest enjoyed his fruit more than his pb&j.
4	Nice hotel overall. The cleaning of the rooms was okay (3 would give that) though everything else was good. Had leftovers from dinner and even though the room did not have a microwave I called down to the front desk and they brought one up. Some of the rooms do have a microwave we were told. Fridge is provided. I thought it was really nice that they brought that up because the food was expensive (not hotels food) and we didn't want that to go to waste. The hotel does offer a shuttle service within a 3 mile radius, very nice they took us to the incline and picked us up from Station Square. What is also nice about this is that they are within walking distance to PNC Park and to Heinz field (though a bit farer). Would stay at this hotel again.
2	- Nice view- OK rooms, neat, small, clean- LUKE WARM SHOWER, bummer- Valet parking was full and I had to trek around the citySince it was  a Hotwire deal it was OK. I'd have been disappointed if I paid full pice though.
5	Stayed at the Wyndham Grand downtown this weekend, 7/20-22 and was very pleasantly surprised by the service and condition of the room.  The past reviews sum things up nicely, as location is the best feature here.  Everything downtown is in walking distance (PPG Place, theaters, PNC Park, Rivers Casino, Warhol Museum) and everything else is a short drive.  Valet parking was $28 and well worth every penny.  it's a consequence of where the hotel is located, and I believe the Wyndham leases the parking spaces from the city.  So essentially, you're paying $8 more per night to not have to walk to your car.The view of the incline and the three rivers/Point State Park was great and the room was nice and clean.  A little on the small side, but that doesn't bother me one bit, I'm not trying to stretch out in my room for a few days.  Check in/out was a breeze.  I highly suggest you book this place if you find a great deal.
3	Was in town to see the Pirates game at PNC Park and we won this place on Hotwire. I just wanted a respectable place near the ballpark downtown, and that is what I got, at 3.5 stars for $100.I'm not really sure what their deal is with parking. When we arrived in the area it was pouring rain so we just parked in a garage around the corner that I don't believe is affiliated with the hotel, nor did we care. It was $20 for 24 hours and we probably weren't going to beat that anywhere else.The hotel is huge and rather old looking from the outside. However inside it looks pretty nice and our room was nice, though a little smallish. We were given a room with two double beds, which was somewhat unfortunate but sometimes that happens on Hotwire.There is free wifi but it was inconsistent and kept bumping me off and on, even at 1am when I doubt many people were dialed in. And for whatever reason FYI my ATT coverage sucked inside the hotel, though that is not the hotel's fault.Location was great though. We walked two blocks and went over the Clemente Bridge over to the park. The ease of that made the hotel a winner for us, as that was why we were there.
3	Its in the middle of everything and at the point. From this point you can get anywhere in the city and again its at the point. The room was nice avg size but the TV sucked, it was fuzzy and lacked local channels. But I expected to have sleep number beds like I found in other Wyndham while crossing the country. Get there early because you won't get parking in the local building and you will have a while a ways to get to get your car. Don't eat breakfast there for a short walk can check out local eats around the wyndham.
2	The only reason I am not giving  them the worst rating is that their front desk is pretty efficient and responsive and their bar service and food was good. But their housekeeping and restaurant services were the worst I have experienced in any hotel ever.First -- the restaurant. They are never busy, which should have been my first warning sign. But one evening after a long day of convention meetings, I decided I was too tired to go out and so I stopped at the restaurant for soup and salad. (I had previously had lunch there, and even though the service was slow and they were out of many things on their menu, their food was passable. So I thought they could be trusted with soup and salad) I waited 5 minutes with no line while the hostess looked up from whatever incredibly important task she was working on, then waited for 10 minutes without a waiter in sight. Finally one appeared but ignored me and went around waiting on other customers. So after another 10 minutes he finally brought me a menu, and after another 10 minutes he took my order. Another 10 minutes later he came back to ask me again what I had ordered. After a while I went up to the hostess who was still not very busy to tell her I had not received my food yet, and all I wanted was soup, salad, and iced tea. She did leave her post (no one was waiting to be seated) long enough to at least appear to be searching for the waiter. She came back to me to again ask me what I had ordered, and then disappeared. After another 10 minutes I left, with neither the waiter nor the hostess anywhere to be found. Being tired and hungry and still not wanting to go out I went up to the front desk to complain about the restaurant. They were apologetic and gave me a voucher for lunch the next day (I did not use it), but that still did not solve my problem of no dinner that evening. I went to the bar right next to the restaurant which presumably uses the same kitchen but different staff, and I was finally met with cheerful and prompt service.Housekeeping was also poor. Towels that I left on the floor and pillows that I accidently knocked off the bed during the night were in the same place I left them before my room was cleaned. One day they didn't clean my room at all, so I called in the evening. The lady -- a housekeeping supervisor I believe -- came and gave my room the best cleaning it had during my 5-day stay. The hotel itself is fairly nice, and the restaurant decor was cheerful. But in this day and age of high unemployment, I think they can do a better job of hiring and training their restaurant and housekeeping staff.
2	Stayed here off a TravelZoo special, thankfully. I would not pay the price they charge regularly, knowing what I know now. As other reviews say, valet park if possible, however we were not able to take advantage of it as it was full by 5pm. (We did stay the same weekend as the Wyndham was hosting the NHL draft too though) We self parked at a nearby garage - just across the street from the hotels side entrance. The rooms were, ok for cleanliness but the thing that really disturbed me was the lack of privacy within the room. What I mean is as you walk down the hallway to your room you can see a flood of daylight from underneath every room's door... and obviously if I can see daylight, I can hear sound. The craftsmanship throughout the hotel is poor.Location was convenient for our group as we were in town for a baseball series and it was an easy walk to PNC Park. Did not try their restaurants or bars and the front desk service was less than friendly.
2	As everyone has said, the Wyndham is under a major renovation, so what you experience one day may not be the same the next.  While I was there, the front lobby was in various states of disarray.  This was not really concerning to me, but definitely didn't look nice.  To breakdown the high and low points:Good:- Rooms seemed to have been overhauled in recent history.  Very clean.- The gym was sparse, but the cardio equipment was topnotch.  LCD TVs mounted on each unit.Bad:- The ENTIRE place smelled like old cigarette smoke and dirty feet.  Guess it was a smoking optional hotel at some point and that smell never goes away.  I thought it was just me being over sensitive, but when I was unpacking after getting home, my wife noticed that all my stuff smelled of the same scent.  - The breakfast is insanely over priced for what you get.  Take a 3 block walk to Bluebird Kitchen and grab something way better/cheaper.- I was staying here on work business and even after being told multiple times to charge the room fee back to the company, they still charged my personal credit card.- The free WI-Fi sucked.  So slow, but of course there was a 'speed' version for a fee.
3	Stayed here during a business trip to Pittsburgh. The hotel is located in a great location. It's right in the downtown area and is actually located right along the river that wraps around the downtown. The hotel itself was just OK, it wasn't bad and it wasn't great. Upon check in I asked for a room on a high floor, preferably with a view and they obliged very nicely. The room just OK, but it has an awesome view of the inside of the football stadium as well as excellent view of the river and hills on the other side of the river.The room was clean and the beds were standard from a comfortability standpoint. Overall, I'd say this hotel is just OK. It's very convenient if you're staying downtown and if you stay on a high floor you'll have a hell of a view. Besides that, just OK.
2	From the moment I drove in the valet station I realized that I wasn't a priority as a customer. We were never approached by a valet attendant so after waiting for more than 5 minutes I went and found one for myself. More so than than, valet employees were not very friendly at all.The rooms are very small for a hotel of this star level and I've honestly had much larger rooms/bathrooms at much cheaper hotels. The view out of the window was great but the window was so dirty on the outside that the view was hard to enjoy. The light fixtures in bathroom had dirt/dust covering them and looked like they had not been cleaned in some time. The bed was comfortable but a bit small for what I am accustomed to ( I sleep on a Queen at home) and the pillows were small even though there were plenty of them.The most troubling part of the trip is that when we got back to the hotel at 2:00am there was no food at all to purchase, not even a vending machine. All of the restaurants in the are close at 1:00 or 2:00 am so were forced to go to bed hungry. The front desk clerk said they had food in the gift shop but that it was closed. I feel that a hotel of this star level should at least have vending machines to purchase snacks or have an area where you can purchase things 24/7 and either pay for them and have it charged to your room. Perhaps a quick and easy fix would be to give the front desk clerk access to the gift shop for them to sell items to customers on occasions such as this!Overall, i do not plan to return to this hotel in the future. I will stay at the Renaissance and recommend it to others as a better alternative than the Wyndham Grand.
1	Wow what a disappointment this place is. I stayed here recently for my cousins wedding in town (reception was AT this hotel)-A military wedding-might I add. I got a sour taste in my mouth when an over paid front desk girl (I wont name names, they know who she is and was talked to) gave me some serious attitude when I simply asked "do you know where the hotel shuttle is?". She cocks her head back and forth, rolls her eyes and said "I wouldn't know where that is". Stunned I replied "oh ok, come on babe we have to find our OWN way around town apparently" and looked directly at her.After I was left to find the complimentary shuttle on my own (right outside the front door) and my boyfriend and I explored town I was still mad. When I returned our maid was cleaning our room and I mentioned it and she herself said I'm not the first customer who has complained about her. I am shocked she still has a job honestly!I reported her to management, they asked if there was anything they could do I said no but you really need to rethink her as an employee. This is NOT a cheap hotel by any means and you are treated like you are staying at the best western. ALL the employees seemed to hate their jobs, are inattentive, and just dont care. I had another employee (a man) who was the shuttle driver who complaiend the whole time about being a driver, and how hes looking for another job. Look dude I really dont care about your problems IM ON VACATION. Thanks. I told him to get another job-that was the 'tip' I left for him.I wont recommend this hotel to ANYONE-EVER! DO NOT STAY HERE!The bar is pretty good though, the 2 bartenders are great. It's sad that's the only good thing about this place.
2	Stayed here for the Steelers game and the best thing I can say is the location is great. Other than that everything else was pretty terrible. The elevators take so long (at least a 10-15 minute wait), the beds are extremely soft, the walls are so paper thin that I actually thought our shower was running when in fact it was the people next to us. Also, I happen to notice some black mold growing around the AC vent and along the wall. I wouldn't step foot in this place again.
1	Crappy! Would have been really upset if I hadn't gotten a deal on Priceline, which they said they didn't have on file but was eventually sorted out. Poor service and bad housecleaning. Conveniently located but I will absolutely never stay there again.
1	Spent a week here earlier this year since my company was trying to save money and was given a $93 rate.  This place was the old Hilton which later was shut down becuase it didn't live up to the name.  I will start with the positive.  Good view of the river, you can walk to Station Square, near Max and Ermas and a subway stop.  Now the rest of the story......  Got stuck in the elevator 3 times within 24 hours and this was 3 different ones.  Finally had to walk down the stairs with others after prying the doors open and jumping over the "uneven step".  Ended up in the kitchen.  Staff is not friendly; not even apologetic.  Exercise room is a joke; old equipment that doesn't work.  The treadmills were over 10 years old.  The weight machines were from the Vietnam War era.  Breakfast is very expensive in the restaurant.  They don't leave all the food out in the buffett.  They actually server some of it.  The bagels are frozen.  Service is very slow; and the restaurant was empty both times I ate in there.  The breakfast set-up at the bar area is ala carte and one big ripoff.  Again you can get frozen bagels and canned fruit.  Staff was very unfriendly.  Didn't I say that earlier :)  Took too long to check-in.  Gentleman at the front desk must have missed Customer Service 101 and Hotel front desk 101.  I inquired why it was taking so long and he gave me some lame excuse.  Valet is over-priced (almost $30) and again not-friendly. The people acted like they didn't want to work.  I had to bang on the door to get them to come out so I could get my car.  Not to mention they didn't approach me when I first arrived.  My room was dirty and very dusty.  In fact the whole hotel was dusty.  It should be condemned!  The bathroom doors slide out which is strange.  The doors to the hallway are thin and let in a lot of light and noise since they don't go to the floor.  They did upgrade the desks.  If you stay in the winter, your hands  freeze since they are a slab of "artificial marble" that keeps the cold in.   Seriously I had to wear my coat and gloves while sitting there, trying to work.  The television is anchored to the wall so you can't see it if you are sitting at the desk.  I'm sure this hotel is a favorite for Priceline and hotwire.  Only the uninformed stay there; or someone who is looking for "cheap".  One last comment; the bus stop is nearby and I have heard of people getting accosted late at night.  I don't recommend walking nearby in the evening.P.S. I stayed there several times many years ago when it was a Hilton.  It was a lot nicer but a pain to walk to central downtown.
2	The first thing that pops into my mind is the bathroom door in the room.  I'm not sure how else to say this, but...it's glass.  The bathroom door is made of glass.  You know, the stuff you make things out of when you want to be able to see through them.  "Bathroom doors" would not be on my list of things you want to be able to see through.  Granted, they're textured glass, but you can still see a clear outline of anybody in the shower (the shower doors are clear glass), at the sink, on the toilet, etc.The rooms are quite tiny.  Fine for two people staying for a single night, as we were, but it would have been a problem for a longer stay.The walls are not insulated for sound well at all, particularly between the rooms and the hallway.The parking situation is bad.  The valet attendants didn't even know if they had a self-service garage or not.  Apparently they do, but good luck finding it.  We parked in a different garage a couple of blocks away.A premium hotel like this should have a better shuttle system.A premium hotel should have better service in general, e.g. we waited for 5-10 minutes each time we needed to talk to somebody at the front desk.The reasons it doesn't get only 1 star are 1) the beds are like sleeping in heaven, 2) the view from our room was pretty spectacular, largely because 3) the location is awesome.  The negatives easily outweigh those positives, though.  I will certainly not be staying here again.
2	Okay, I stayed from Thursday to Sunday. This review will be kind of long, but I have lots to say about this place. To start with, I checked in Thursday evening. One person working the front, took about 10 minutes to get checked in with people in front of me. However, she was super friendly. Next up the room. It's not grand like the name implies. It's pretty small. For $190/night it was a pretty crappy view of another building  and McDonald's too. There was a place for a fridge, but no fridge. I get I can request one, but why have the spot. The bathroom is tiny. The shower is weird. There is no door on it, but it has about half glasses, so my floor got wet. There is a weird glass door, so if you're not staying with someone close, it could be awkward. Also, it'll be nice when the pool is done, no tub to relax in. Next up, the so called complimentary high speed internet. There isn't any. On the free internet, I got .3 megs download. My Verizon jetback was much fast so I used it the entire weekend. You can pay to upgrade for $10/day, but after reading some reviews it's not worth it. The valet here is pretty bad as well. On Friday after dinner I came back and had to go to the valet booth myself to give them my keys. The most worrisome event happened Saturday night. I got back to the hotel around 11:50pm. There was a couple inside the valet booth. I got up and they asked me if I was valet. I told them no. So he starts cussing saying they've waited 15 minutes for valet to get their car keys. They were inside looking for the keys. I went to the front desk and told them what was going on and she said, "Yup, they've been out there a while." No help at all. So I went back outside. The couple after about 5 minutes found there keys, got in a car and left. Shortly after the valet guy comes up. I give him my keys and that was it. So, I guess, use valet at your own risk. Valet booth is left unattended and you can get your keys yourself if you want. One nice thing about this place is the walking distance to the Market Square as well as the light train. The train is free in the downtown area as long as you're not going across the rivers. The lobby is nice, the rooms look nice.
4	My husband and I stayed for an extended weekend in March 2013. We got a great deal on the room and I saw the reviews were mixed, so I didn't know quite what to expect but was pleasantly surprised. #1 - the view of the river / waterfront from our 14th floor room was STUNNING. Yes, the room was small - it's an old hotel, but the bed was comfortable and made up with top quality linens. Great service from hotel staff - convenient location - we will be back!
3	I've stayed here a few times but not since it was a Hilton, so I'm not sure how much this hotel might have changed since then. Therefore, I'll try to stick with generalities and local impressions.The location of this hotel is perfect if you're in town for a Steelers/Panthers or Pirates game. Heinz Field is about a 20 minute walk across the bridge, PNC Park, maybe about half that. Point State Park is on the way to Heinz Field and practically right in the hotel's front yard.There are not many restaurants or bars nearby and downtown can be fairly dead on weekends anyhow, but there are (or were) some pretty decent onsite options including a sports bar. Room service was available and was decent.The rooms were O.K. and if you were lucky enough the get a room that faced the river, you had a fantastic view. On one visit, however, I had to change rooms within an hour of checking in because there was just too much noise coming from next door. However, I wouldn't blame the hotel for that and my other stays at the old Hilton were nice and quiet.Definitely the place to stay if you're going to be attending any sporting events downtown. Pricy, but the location makes it worthwhile.
1	Very disappointing stay.  After a very slow and sloppy check-in process (e.g., she wrote my rate in the key sleeve rather than my room number) I went to my room where I discovered they were assigning me a "roommate".  In other words, the room they gave me was still occupied and someone was actually in the room.  So I had to go back to the front desk for a new room.  When I told her what happened she asked "are you sure"...?  Room itself was fine.  However, the bathroom had a smell that immediately brought me back to the boys locker room in high school...a smell I never thought I would be exposed to again.Breakfast this morning was another folly.  The restaurant posted it opens at 6:30 am.  At that time there were 7-8 hotel guests circling like vultures waiting to be seated.  The hostess would not seat us until she counted her bank and got her station ready.  So we waited 10 minutes for her to count her pennies...Management needs to look in the mirror and get their act together.
2	While the website and face value scream high-class and high quality, the over-all experience left a lot to be desired.The valet parking somehow was 'full' when we tried to retire for the evening, even after we had checked in early in the afternoon.There is no on-site parking. Either valet, or you are left to your own devices.The rooms were half the size of an expected suite. You can still see evidence of the renovations and upgrade that they made, which was tacky. The entire experience was over-prices. You would expect a better experience for the money you paid. Breakfast within the hotel was also over-priced.I doubt I ever return.
4	I would definitely stay in this hotel again. The rooms were large and had all of the amentities and the staff was fast with bringing extra towels. Our only issue was with the wifi not streaming spotify great but that was very minor. It was fine for using my phone on their network.
1	I am going to try and keep this as short as possible. The parking situation is awful. Although the valet attendants were friendly, it was an overwhelming situation every single time we pulled up. Unorganized chaos. The concierge service was of little help, and a bit rude. We asked him if we could take the complimentary shuttle around 6pm... He advised that you can't reserve the shuttle, and to just go outside and wait for it. Well, we waited... And waited.... And waited. About 30 minutes, when we had been told they'd be back in 10. Needless to say we took a cab. The rooms are small. Really small. The bathroom door is frosted glass. I thought that was neat, but if you were rooming with someone on a business trip, you probably would not want them to see your silhouette sitting on the toilet. Our room was SO dusty and there were holes in the lampshade. The doors don't go the whole way to the floor, and you can hear everything. We got woken up numerous times. The view was amazing, however the huge window was so filthy, you'd rather keep the drapes closed. I thought the food from room service was ok.. A bit pricey, but not bad tasting. Then... I noticed something that literally made me throw up my breakfast. A big sticker on my plate with someone else's name and room number, that had obviously been there for a bit. UNACCEPTABLE. The manager on duty refunded our breakfast. We definitely did not order anymore room service. The next morning was checkout. It took very long, and everyone in front of me had something they were complaining about... As did I since our bill had charges for room service that were wrong! What a disaster! Don't ever stay here.
2	Hmmm...the Wyndham Grand. This hotel is like one of the stars of the old 90s 90210 series. Once, it was the toast of the town. It was good looking and hip. Everyone liked you. Gradually, age catches up to you. There are new, younger, better looking kids in town. You get a face lift but you still can't undo the ravages of time...First off, the hotel has a GREAT location for Pirates and Steeler games. You can walk to either one in about ten minutes. The room was decent. It had been updated with new items and the bed was comfortable. However, close inspection shows it is still an old hotel. The carpet was worn. The walls are paper thin. The occasional water mark on the wall. The new flat screen HDTV gets non-HD channels and some of the channels only appear at certain times. Most importantly, any time the AC kicked on, the room smelled musty. They were still in the midst of redesigning the hotel bar area and cleaning the exterior. I am sure it will give a little bit more life into the ole Grand but, while all that is going on, the areas are closed and it's hard to act like a 4 star hotel when the Hyatt Place across the river has better amenities.Oh yeah, how do you advertise you have free internet in the whole hotel but, when I need to print my tickets and I go the business center, you want to charge me $3 to get online to do it??! The Wyndham is a hotel I wasn't angry with when I checked out but I did think to myself "I wouldn't stay here again".
5	My review is for five weeks there. I know some people spend an entire night at a hotel and feel they have enough time served to comment on every aspect of the operation. That's hilarious. Again, it's not a vacation hotel. Though, if you're just a little bit goofy, they'll take your vacation reservation. And then, ask, "Why, God!!?? Why???"Excellent location, this place. I was there in the year (that I can't remember because I'm old) and it was fantastic. I walked to a Pittsburgh Pirates game and then my wife came to town. One night, we took the elevator down to the street, walked across the river, and saw U2.How can that be bad?
2	THE WYNDHAM GRAND! With a strong, proud name like that I expect it to fully uphold to it's claim. It's a beautiful building. Truly it is. I'm sure its been around for years but it also shows it. I was content with my stay but I also truly think I could have had a better experience at a Best Western or Sheriton or Marriot or pretty much anything that's been modernized and updated within the past 10-15 years. The beds were comfy. Kind of. If you bounce a couple of times you can feel all of the springs in the mattress. Is that supposed to happen? My sister says its not. The doors to the bathrooms. . . . what can I say? They are almost transparent and see through sliding doors. Who does that on a room that is supposed to be private?! I want a door. A real door for tinkling. The view is alright of the mountain and river. The tv is neat. It's a decent sized room. I'm just left disappointed. What makes the experience worse is that when my sister's flight was delayed I ended up checking in first and she demanded before take off that I order room service since all liquor stores were closed. I tried calling and let the phone ring for about 5-10 minutes. I then again tried to call room service, guest services, some other random service because I was fed up and NO ONE ANSWERED. Wonderful service. Insert snark. But after the fact I called several times I looked at the menu a little longer and the drinks and bottles of wines are ridiculously priced. Even more absurd than a 4 star hotel. A standard half of vodka or rum would run you about $40. For a full liter easily over $60. Where are we?! Breakfast dishes also came out to around $15 on average. The only affordable thing were the children's menu items. Which I almost ordered 1 of everything off the kiddies menu as a joke. Though, I probably wouldn't have gotten a response.The one big plus to this place though is that they do have a free shuttle service.
1	This hotel can have a seat at the bottom of the list right next to the Sheraton ATL. The name is misleading because there is nothing grand about it at ALL! This was my first time staying at a Wyndham property and you can bet your last dollar it will be my last! Upon arrival I was greeted by some construction which caused the taxis to have trouble getting to the entrance. I actually got out before the entrance and was certain I might get run over before I even settled in to this "grand" hotel. I walk in to check in and my first clue to run should have been the quaint and cozy aka not grand lobby. However check in was quick so 1 star for you Wyndham. My stay:  I was in room 1916 near an elevator which is never a good choice to begin with. The elevators are slow  and some were not in useSMALL room but nice view of river and ballparkBathroom shower not the best but love the sinkThin walls. I heard the neighbor sneeze wthFree shuttle within three mile radius which was great since I was working at a unique venue within said radius and just far enough outside of my walking zoneGuest service never answers the phoneI am trying to think of something nice to say about this hotel but I just can't seem to come up with anything.
3	The room was nice, and the bed was very comfortable. However, the walls were VERY thin. We heard way too much from the couple next to us very late in the evening.
4	good for the regattaLocation location location.  And the best seat in town for the July 3 and July 4 fireworks.  This softened the blow about the pool still not being opened. Very comfortable bed,friendly front desk. I am stinging that the points for the stay were denied because of the travel zoo reservation.  I would appreciate management comment about the lost pointsas it is a poor way to welcome a new points member to the Wyndham family."I researched your information and I regret to tell you that your stay atthe Wyndham Pittsburgh PA check in 07/03/2013 cannot be credited to youraccount as it was booked at a non qualifying rate."
3	This hotel is good for a single night but I wouldn't stay for longer than that.  First off, they checked us in to an already occupied room.  After that got worked out, we were in a beautiful room.  However, when traveling to that room, we ran into other guests that had incorrect booking and cleanliness issues with their rooms. The other drawback was the hotel bar.  They said they were open till 1 am and closed at 12.  To top that off, the bartender was not the most polite person in the world about it.
4	I've come to the conclusion that the vast majority of people on yelp are picky jackasses.  This hotel is pretty nice.  I stayed here for 4 nights on business and really couldn't be happier.  Had I paid the $200/night off the hotel's website I guess I could see why there are so many complaints, but it's a damn nice hotel that I paid 75/night by using Priceline's name your own price feature.  Yes, the hotel doesn't have a pool yet, but it's in the new wing that isn't finished yet.  The room was nice, bed comfortable, and staff was friendly.  The elevators DO NOT take a long time like others posted, and the "glass bathroom doors" are not a big deal.  They're actually very stylish.  Really the only complaint I might have is that the valet was pretty busy and kind of took a while on a couple occasions.  If you can get an awesome deal like I did through Priceline, it is definitely worth the stay.
2	I rarely stay in big chain hotels, but I needed a reprieve in the middle of a long business trip. I paid a hefty portion of frequent flyer miles for a room here, and in retrospect, I'm pretty disappointed with the experience. The windows of my room - which, it must be said, had a very nice view of Pittsburgh - were dirty and could have used a second cleaning. Plus, the room itself was tiny, and the floor wasn't even carpeted. The whole hotel felt like a weird mix of chic and pedestrian decor. Next time, I'll just CouchSurf or Airbnb it. Believe it or not, I've had more aesthetically pleasing stays via those two websites.
4	This hotel does not deserve a 2.5 star rating as it currently holds. I stayed here for a weekend and enjoyed my stay. The rooms were very nice and clean and the beds were very comfortable. Everything about this hotel is top notch. I would give those hotel a 5 star review, however the construction that is ongoing causes a major traffic jam out front and also takes away from the hotels image. Once it is finished and I stay here again, I'll likely update my review to 5 stars.
3	My personal disclaimer: Most people who write reviews are expecting something they will never get.Purchased room for $100+$21 tax through Priceline.Stayed on 16th floor.ProsElevators were fast.Rooms were clean.River view was great!Beds, sheets, and pillows were comfy.Free WiFiGreat location.Easy fun walk across the Roberto Clemente bridge to PNC BallparkNeutralFront Desk ServiceConsSounds were permeable, you could hear everything in the adjacent rooms and hallway.Parking was valet only and a hassleReflectionI went on a baseball weekend to see the Cubs and saw fantastic fireworks at PNC Park over the river after the game. This was one of the best fireworks shows I've seen, and I'm from DC. My Yelp photo is from the event! This hotel is perfect for visiting Heinz Field or PNC Park.
4	I came here for a weekend using a TravelZoo voucher.  It was a great deal.  I'm not sure why this place gets such bad reviews.      My room was clean, nicely decorated, and had a great view.  The location was fabulous and the employees were very helpful.   I paid $15 per day to park, but quite frankly this is cheap compared to Los Angeles, San Francisco, New York, etc....so no complaints there.    I would rather pay to park and have the opportunity to walk everywhere. I'm not sure what the rates usually are at this hotel, but assuming its not too high I would absolutely stay here again.
2	Lives up to its 2 star rating. Very small, expensive and noisy.  Maid never showed on day 2 of our  stay.  Great location to Heinz & PNC. Use only as a last resort
4	I came to Pittsburgh for a sports weekend extravaganza because my wife won a silent auction. Part of the package included one night for free and a deep discount for a 2nd night.  For us we had a room looking at PNC Park for me only the beach would be a better view.  The location is less than a mile to Hines Field or PNC Park.  Many restaurants and bars are in walking distance. The hotel was clean and the staff I encountered were nice.  Before the Steeler game they were selling beers in the lobby pretty reasonably and I thought that was cool. The worst parts were the room was small and you can hear everything.
4	I really liked this hotel. We came here to see the 40 foot duck exhibit and you can see it right out the window of you room like they advertised. Room was very clean and modern, food was great. The shower was weird because there's only a screen over half of it so water splashes everywhere but I guess that was just part of their modern design. Would definitely stay here again.
3	Pretty hotel with awesome views. But minus one star for the construction out front that has been there forever. It's also not immune to hair in the shower. Drain was so bad I had to shower quickly so it wouldn't overflow.
3	Small rooms compared to the west coast. The location is awesome and had a great view. Will likely spend the money on our next trip for a game.
2	Attended this hotel for a conference and was sorely disappointed in how things were handled.  For one, before the conference began, the construction on certain rooms disturbed the entire structure - which put out 100's of people at a large conference, causing confusion and issues.The set up of the hotel is somewhat confusing, with little clear signage.  In particular, it's hard to find the bathrooms.The wifi was indeed slow and, yes, it's a technological wonder that we even have it - but if you offer it, please have it work in a great way.The bar area is small and dark, as if to imitate a kind of swanky bar setting.  That's not what I want at a hotel bar - I want to be able to see and talk to my friends, since we are obviously meeting from out of town.Anyway, I'm glad I did not stay here - it seemed way too expensive for such a strange hotel experience.
4	The rooms are a bit smaller that I would have expected, but otherwise the accommodations are nice. It is right on the point, so there is a great view of the confluence and Point State Park.We were there for Light Up Night and could see the fireworks from our room. We'll come back down with the kids sometimes in the warmer months to explore more of downtown Pittsburgh.
2	Yuck!Although the hotel claims to have just completed a major reno, I don't believe it. The bathroom was grungy at best. (Stains from toilet overflow on the ceiling didn't make my day). The  toilet didn't flush properly and came right to the brim of overflow.   The carpet was stained, the heat didn't work in my first and it was generally grungy. When I called to have my room changed at 9:45 pm the manager had to see for herself the issues I was complaining about. By the time I was moved to a new room it was pushing10:30. I was furious. I noticed immediately that the second room had the same issues with the toilet as the first. Ugh!!  I asked them to fix it while I was out for the day, but I doubt anyone even checked it because it was doing the same thing when I returned. Equally as bad as the room was the way the MOD questioned me about the issues in my first room at 10 pm (like I really wanted to move rooms then). Neither the night manager or the day manager offered me anything, instead one of them asked what they could do for me....really? I thought it is their job to satisfy customers not customers to tell them the right thing to do. Needless to say they didn't comp my room, parking or even give me a credit to use in the restaurant. If not for the location I would probably have given it one star based on my experience overall.
3	So at first the Wyndham Grand Hotel doesn't jump out as a place to stop in and grab a bite. But on the weekends this is a destination to head to. What could have ended up being a brunch at a chintzy hotel breakfast bar ends up being a delightful surprise.The breakfast buffet is well appointed with all the staples you come to expect from any breakfast buffet. But as you move down the line you find that there is more to meet the eye. There is multiple additions that you can place on top of the oatmeal or whatever you may want initially. There is a fantastic station making made to order omelets. There you can choose from multiple different cheeses to add. Additionally you can choose fresh chopped onions, peppers, spinach and can also make a waffle to order.I'm not saying this breakfast will blow your socks off or leave you begging for more. Yet on a morning when perhaps you may have over indulged in a little to much revelry, drank a bit too much spirits or beer this is a great stop for a morning after fix up. Oh and not to mention they offer you the chance to get a REALLY solid Bloody Mary or Mimosa for the ladies to take the edge off!
1	Sorely disappointing here. Caveat: I booked with a Priceline rate. However, the issues I experienced are issues no matter what you paid.Largest issue: Housekeeping/Cleanliness.My family booked 3 rooms to stay in. I changed twice, due to noise and cleanliness in rooms.So, I experienced 5 different rooms on two different floors.ALL of them had mold/mildew in shower/bath area. ICK. It's hard to fathom that a 4 dollar bottle of Tilex could resolve this. ALL of them had an issue with bed linens, either being dirty or incorrectly put on bed (ie, incorrect sheets top vs bottom, missing items, etc)My second room I was in, I pulled back the sheets, and there was a LARGE black line/stain on the sheet. Can't miss it.Is housekeeping even looking at what they are doing? I'm always willing to roll with small things, as I know mold/mildew can creep up on any bathroom, but it was so prevalent, and in all corners/crevices in ALL 5 rooms.Just laziness? Incompetence? I don't know.This in itself is unacceptable no matter what hotel you stay at, hell, the Red Roof Inn for $30 a night usually is pretty decently clean.On top of this, the furniture is dinged up, the sliding doors into the bathroom in all of the rooms were dinged and dirty.This hotel is billing itself as a notch ABOVE other Wyndhams, but being a "Grand"Nothing Grand here. yes, wifi worked and was relatively fast. Yes, it has technically been renovated to flat screen tvs and nicer countertops, but this does not make up for basic housekeeping issues.I told Priceline they need to remove this hotel from the options for 4-star.
3	Arriving the day after Valentine's Day, I was a bit hesitant thinking the hotel would be extremely busy.  Which it was.. not with couples, but with an abundant amount of young children for a dance competition.  The ground floor was filled with rampant girls running all over the place.  When I was a younger kid I always loved going to hotels so I don't blame them.  Our floor was on the 8th floor looking out to The Point with a perfect view of the fountain.  When it gets to be a bit darker, there is a spotlight that shines right into the window of the room, however it is turned off when it gets later, around 9 o'clock or so.  The room was very cramped and was not much room to move around.  Four pillows were provided for a king bed.  The bathroom was also very small.  You take one step in a either turn to go into the awkwardly narrow shower, turn around to the toilet, or use the sink.  It gets very crowded with two people trying to get ready in the mornings.  The bathroom door is also partially see through from the glass panes.  Our floor, for the most part was generally quiet.  You can hear peoples conversations from the next door over and the maids walking by, which is pretty common in most hotels.  Room service for breakfast was pretty good.  Egg white vegetable frittata, belgian waffle with fresh berries, and a small pot of coffee was ordered.  They only gave us one coffee cup and forgot the toast for the egg dish.  I would definitely go to a different hotel the next time I am in Pittsburgh.
3	Didn't attend for a conference, nor eat at the hotel.We spent Valentine's weekend at the Wyndham - Friday and Saturday nights. It's clear that the quality of stay is based on events at the hotel and room assignment. The dance competition did overflow the lobby and ballroom floor quite a bit, but I didn't find that to be much of a distraction. The only aspect of the crowd that was a problem was checking in on Friday  - the check-in drive was about eight deep with SUVs and there was no way in. We just parked in the garage across the street (east) and things worked out fine ($22 per day max). We were up on the 20th floor, river side, all the way on the eastern end, so our stay was very peaceful and quiet. Or companions were on the 10th floor, near the elevators, which was clearly full of more bustle, but not horrible - or so they say. The location and view is unbeatable. The rooms are smallish, but nothing worth a downgrade. Bathrooms are small, but we manage to not get ready at the same time so it wasn't an issue. Our room was very clean, great showers, very nice beds. The place could use a bit of sprucing up, but we were very happy. Also, we booked on priceline for $75 a night, and that makes everything nicer.
5	I'm not sure why this hotel doesn't have more stars because we really enjoyed our stay here. We visited in late February and I used Priceline to book the room, we used the name your own price tool and ended up getting a pretty sweet deal. We ended up with a room on the 24th floor, which is the top floor and we had a view of the stadium and the river, we could also see the incline which was cool. The room we stayed in was  clean and functional. Additionally, all of the staff members that we encountered were pleasant and helpful. Our room was comfortable, my only complaint is that we were given two beds and we wanted one king, but it was fine. Also, the coffee wasn't the best, but it did the job. On our last day we ordered room service for breakfast and the food was good. I ordered an egg white and veggie scramble with toast and a pot of coffee; the veggies were fresh and the coffee was strong and delicious. We enjoyed the location of the hotel as well because we were able to get to and from other neighborhoods very easily, but then again we don't mind long walks.
4	The views are amazing. Located right next to Heinz Field, and the Fort Duquesne and Veterans Bridges. Rooms are a bit small for the prices that they offer.
4	Not a bad stop at all. The location was really great and super convenient to a lot of things.  We actually used Hotwire and got rooms for only $96/night which was a steal compared to the $250 price tag from the website and $149 from the Hotel Tonight app.  Parking is valet only which is $30 a night but we were able to find parking for only $8 for the weekend at a parking structure around the corner from the hotel.The rooms are nice, a little small but comfortable.  The bathroom doors are definitely more opaque so if you're sharing with other people, keep that in mind.  Customer service is decent - there was a mixup with our check-in but the front desk was apologetic and remedied the situation best as possible.  The first night, our walls were so thin that we could hear our neighbors loudly around 2am.  Our rooms were on the 8th floor and we had a nice view of the stadium and river, as well.We didn't bother with the restaurant given how close it was in proximity to other stuff but we did grab a cup of coffee which at $3 and tasted awful, it was definitely off putting to even try the restaurant.  There are no breakfast vouchers or even continental breakfast options so it's almost as if they want people to leave the hotel in search of better options.  A cafe or coffee shop/deli would benefit more in their hotel space.
4	In reading the negative reviews I can only think that some of the older reviews were during the remod and re-branding, or some people simply have an ax to grind and are not going to be happy. First of all, this hotel has an incredible history. I like the way that Wyndham kept that history in mind as it modernized the property. I am going to address some of the negative stuff I've read.One person wrote that the show only turned on if one were in it. This is 100% false. It's just like any other shower. This was utter nonsense. One complained about housekeeping. In my trip last week for four nights my room was cleaned  and I never had to ask. In fact, one morning I had a bit of a hangover so I placed the do not disturb on my door so that I would not be bothered in the morning by housekeeping.The housekeeper assigned to my room actually called the room at the end of the shift just to make sure that my room was not in need of ANYTHING! I had some friends over for drinks my first night there. I asked for a few extra rocks glasses. They were brought to my room right away. AND every single day that housekeeping cleaned my room they also replaced the extra glasses. Another complained about there being no fridge in the rooms. I called a day before my trip to ask for a refrigerator and guess what? Not even 10 minutes after I checked in there was a staff member at my door with the fridge. They even plugged it in the night before so that it was cold upon delivery. Some complained about the WIFI.The WIFI worked just fine too. I have to be on-line for work and school and there are many places where I have paid for access that was not as good as what I got here for free. My Macbook Air, iPad, and iPhone had no problems whatsoever. I think that some people think a hotel should provide them for free what they pay too much for to their cable provider at home. Some said the rooms were a little small. To me they were cozy for 1 or 2 people. If traveling with a family one would need to upgrade to a suite. I travel quite a bit. The staff here was outstanding and as good or better than any I've dealt with. The staff at the restaurant and two bars were exceptional. There was one gentleman named Keith at the Scenes bar there that would be my first hire if I were going to open a high-end bar or club anywhere.  So why 4 stars instead of 5?Well the one review that I read that I must agree with is that you can hear a little of what goes on in the next room. This is most true when a shower is run or a baby is screaming. The latter only happened once on Saturday morning. The couple with the baby must need some alone time. When I got back from the baseball game Saturday night they were already leaving and arguing at the elevator. That room to room chatter cost them a star. I was by an elevator and there was no noise problem from that, just a little room to room. It is my firm belief that if I had a problem with a neighbor this excellent staff would have handled it right away and to my satisfaction.Overall this is a great place to stay. The location is central to all the great things one can do in Pittsburgh. Now I am a sports fan, and this was more of a sports vacation, so for me the location was ideal. Both of the major and remarkable stadiums are within walking distance and the Consol Center where the Penguins play is within the range of the hotel van. I took over 400 pictures and have edited and posted about 150 of them. It is worth it. Stay here when in the city where three rivers meet.
2	Incredibly overpriced!!  No valet parking available... Horrible service at the bar!  Requested feather free room and all pillows were feather.  Called the front desk three times and waited 90 minutes before they were replaced.  Unless you get a rate less than $140 it isn't worth it!!
1	It's a great package deal from all online brokers.  Don't get it or stay here unless you want personal parcels you've sent gone missing or misplaced & have employees tell you that it wasn't labeled with your name. Dude, turn the package over! What does that say? Or the housekeeper going thru your drawers & using your phone power cords & replacing them with the wrong cord!  I still haven't heard from the hotel about the incidents. This will be my first & last time staying here since I fly to Pittsburgh quite often.  There are other hotels in the area that do offer free parking & front desk folks that's friendlier  & more knowledgeable about their area than it's downtown. Oh geez, thanks! That really helps.
3	It sounds like this place must have been going through renovations recently.  We didn't see any of the dirt, etc that others complain about.  It is true that the rooms are smaller and you can definitely hear your neighbors and the hallway.  That didn't bother us but if it bothers you, look elsewhere.  The wifi is very easy to connect to but is sluggish.  The view is great and the location pretty much can't be beat.  We did not eat in the restaurant except to get some ice cream (overpriced but good).The bathroom doors are sliding doors with privacy glass, so again if that'll be a problem for you, then be aware.I'd personally stay here again for the location, but then I don't visit Pittsburgh often so next time I'll probably try a different part of the city to see something new.
2	I used the Wyndham based on a recommendation. It was within walking distance to a meeting. It was also an easy walk to PNC Park. The front desk staff were very friendly and helpful during check-in.  For the price, the room was nothing special. The bathroom was small. But the reason I'm writing the review, something I rarely do, is because if the king size bed. It was so soft. I felt like I was sleeping on my head and my back wasn't supported at all. The bed on 401 should be replaced with a new one.
3	Convenient location to downtown office buildings.  Room and amenities are on par with other hotels in this class.  I reported some minor problems with the bathroom (light was out, sink slow to drain) and they were promptly fixed.  Free wifi with reasonable was nice to get from a major chain.My only complaint is the restaurant which suffers from "hotel greed".  I only ate breakfast and ordered the three-egg omelet.  I doubt the third egg ever made an appearance.  And omelets shouldn't go "crunch" when you bite into them.  For the honor of having the omelet and a cup of tea, I was hit with a $18 bill, of which $4 was for the tea bag.  Fortunately, there are ton of great restaurants within short walking distance of the hotel.PS Apparently they feel that your morning should start with an air of confusion.  Consequently, their bathroom products from the geniuses at Gilchrist & Soames win the "Silliest & Unnecessary Euphemisms" awards:"Hair protector"  (aka conditioner)"Hair purifier"  (aka shampoo)"Body butter"  (aka cream)"Body refresher" (aka body wash/soap)
1	Arrived late evening to find no valet parking. Dropped bags, came back to move my vehicle and  wallah...valet was available. Next morning, my brand new truck never moved from the curb. Get to our room, immediately notice a damp/humid feel. We check out the bed and the sheets and blanket feel damp. Call guest services, their solution is to send new bedding. Gentlemen arrives with said bedding, which consisted of a new sheet. Applies new sheet to bed, re-applies remaining previous bedding and rudely exits our room without a spoken word. Now I am ready to leave, but I just paid $350 for the night, $40 for valet and we are tired. We are thirsty at this point, so my wife heads to the vending area. Closed on our floor, so up one she goes. Inserts $2 for water, machine dispenses. Bottle is labeless..and wait for it...frozen like its the ice age in Pittsburgh. Thirsty bed time. Needless to say, avoid this joint. Not worth it in anyway.
1	20 bucks a night now for a fridge.  Only 1 person working front desk at checkin and checkout. Unfriendly employees. Wouldn't stay here if I had a choice.
1	The first time we attempted to stay here it turned out there was a festival at the Point.  When we called the hotel to request a refund since we could not get to the hotel unless we walked in the rain (all of the garages within a mile were full and the police blocked off all roads leading to the hotel) we were told to find parking, ask a police officer to remove a barrier (then wait for us as we went back to our car and fight traffic  to get through the barrier), and then drive through hundreds of people to reach our hotel!  No exaggerating, this was what we were told.  Eventually we were able to get a refund after an hour of arguing with the staff.This time we actually stayed and I regret that we did.  The location is great (unless there is a festival) but service was still repulsive.  The valets could care less if you wanted their service (they hid in their office), the front desk had a line with one person working it (the manager saw this and did nothing until the lobby started getting crowded), the bartender didnt know how to mix (what recipe calls for 3oz of Triple Sec in a Cosmo?), the hostess rolls her eyes when you ask for take out coffee/juice (she also likes to take her time), if the pool is closed the operator will tell you it is your fault for not calling before checking in to ask if the pool would be open, and if you order food from an outside source then they are not allowed to bring it to your room (hotel policy).  On top of this the bed is made with a combination of flattened out pillows and a rock hard mattress.  The shower itself has half a glass wall causing everything on the right side of the bathroom to get soaked whenever you shower.  Plus there is an empty cabinet where the mini fridge goes if you would like to rent one!      All in all, avoid if possible.  Your presence at their hotel is annoying at best and they will make you well aware of it.
4	My friend and I were here for a Pirates game and this hotel was within walking distance of the game. We had nice room and the pool was great. I would come again.
1	Very disappointing. I guess they just changed brands; it may have been a Hilton at one point? Or a Crowne? Not sure. In any case, the rooms are tiny, and our group did not get the junior suites as promised. You need a crow-bar to get in and out of the bathroom the way the door is set up. Almost no space to hang clothes, and no drawers. No in-room safe. One of my fellow travelers found a used condom in her room in the trash. The rooms just seemed dirty. The staff couldn't have cared, and was next to useless when trying to arrange for shuttle services. The first morning they told me the shuttle didn't start until noon; it pulled up five minutes later. The next day we called for a pickup at 4pm, and they told me the shuttle was already done for the day. Ridiculous.The restaurant is way overpriced, and the bar/lounge is dark and seedy. The only thing this place has going for it is location. The entire staff needs to be fired.
4	We just recently stayed here for one night. Overall we were pretty satisfied. The hotel was beautiful and clean. The breakfast was very nice. It's close to everything  and  the staff was super nice.  The pool is kinda small but my boys loved it. Plus the pool is well kept and they offer lots of warm clean towels. A few things that we weren't satisfied with that made me knock off a star was:1) our bathroom sink was clogged up2) the tv had very little channels and the picture quality was equivalent to a tv I had growing up in the 80's. Very grainy. 3) our child got some mud on our comforter so we asked for a clean one. First they brought up a mattress pad. Then brought up extra sheets. After we realized they clearly weren't understanding that we needed a COMFORTER, we just slept with sheets. We got a deal on Travelocity for $159 for a king suite. I guess they normally go for $229 so I suppose that's a good deal. We would stay here again only with a deal like we had. I def wouldn't pay $229.
3	I got no problem with this place. The location is excellent, very near PNC Field. Comfy beds. Clean bathroom. The pool is quite small but overlooks the water and is quite nice. Staff is friendly, or so I found. Things - everything from Tylenol to drinks - are quite inflated, so buy accordingly. But if you get this hotel at a discount you'll be pleased.
4	I would give 3 1/2 stars if I could. The hotel is very nice. The location is perfect, next to the park and downtown (great views). Staff is very good.If I could I would deduct half a star for our room experience. We walked into our room and were met immediately with an overpowering smell of mold/mildew. We went to the desk and asked for another room, no problem. Went to the new room, the light in the bathroom didn't work. Went back to the desk, got another room and finally got a winner. To be fair, we were checking in late, around 2am. The staff handled it well, I just don't like the fact that we had to try two different rooms before finding one that was acceptable.Despite the room shenanigans, this place is a very nice, quality hotel in a perfect location.
1	Attended a conference here in September. It gets 1 star for location alone. The rooms were sub par, I didn't get the accommodations I had reserved in the first place, and housekeeping was inconsistent. Wifi? Forget it in your room and also cell phone service as well (I personally have Verizon) I'd never pay my own money to stay in this hotel when you have options like the William Penn Omni or the Westin which are well worth your money. Thank goodness this bill was on my employer.
3	Great room with a great view of the city. Located in the center of downtown. Walking distance from Heinz hall, Heinz field, the theater center and the strip market. I took off stars because there was valet parking for $30 a night which is expensive already, but when we got to the hotel we were told that there were no valet parking spots available and that we had to find our own parking.  We did find a garage a short walk from the hotel. It's located in the same building as the Avis Car Rental Service. We were able to walk everywhere though and it worked out fine. Another issue was that my husband and I were in our room until late morning and asked if the room could be made up later while we were out. We were told that yes it would be taken care of and to just take off the do not disturb which we did. When we came back five hours later, our room had not been serviced and there was a tag on the door that said they were respecting our do not disturb which was not on the door. I'm not sure if there was a miscommunication but it seemed like they just didn't want to be bothered to service in the afternoon. My husband and I also tried to order room service at 1030 pm and ordering is closed at 1100 pm but we were just ordering a sandwich because our show had rin late and we were hungry. The kitchen attendant said that they could do it but g a very my husband a lot of attitude and stated that they were going to have to keep the kitchen open later than usual to fulfill the order. Facilities were great but the customer service could use an improvement.
4	I'm trying to figure out where some of the reviews come from. I honestly can say my room on the 21st floor was lovely. It's perfect for a weekend getaway or for a work trip.  The hotel is nicely located and the front desk could tell you where to go. Honestly I do love Pittsburgh and I do look forward to laying over here for work.
3	Let's face it, it's a standard chain hotel. Its not going to be anything amazingly special... That being said.It's actually well located, within walking distance to a lot of places and this might make you choose this hotel. The neighborhood is safe and they are within walking distance to a lot of eating places and attractions. My room was clean and pleasant (albeit a bit smaller than most). I did appreciate the bathroom products. Thank you! I am so glad that chain hotels are waking up to the fact that there are a lot of female travelers who appreciate a decent bathroom shower product. They use Gilchrist and Soames, a very nice product. There is a gym on the 4th floor which is adequate. I know people have commented on the cleanliness of the hotel, but I found it to be fine. Perhaps they read previous reviews and tightened up their standards?
1	So I made my first comment after only one night. I have now had the misfortune to have stayed here for a conference for more than 5. So I'm adding to this.Does this hotel have a mold problem? I'm not the only one from the conference that I attended recently who complained that their room smelt funky and moldy. Every time I came back to my room it had a weird mold smell. It was most unpleasant. This hotel is also not the friendliest of places. Would it kill the waitress in the bar to smile? Pittsburgh has some fantastic places to eat and drink and this hotel needs to look at their competition if they are to stay in business. Would it kill the maid service to actually clean the rooms? One of my work colleagues was actually asked "do you want me to bother making up your room?" Seriously? And slow! Forget about your room getting made up much before 4pm, it's not acceptable. Other chain hotels manage it, with conferences, the manager needs to seriously address this.Would it kill the front desk staff to be polite? I checked in late and had to wait for about 10 minutes before someone even came to help and when she did she was unfriendly. All in all, this is a terrible hotel. It's one redeeming feature is the location. I would not choose to stay here and if. I were looking for a conference venue, I'd look elsewhere. You have to keep your attendees happy and far too many people were complaining about this hotels poor standards.
3	Bobby took me here as a surprise a few weeks ago because he knows I love hotels and he thought it would be nice for us to have a night downtown!Overall, I have no major gripes. The room was clean (a light bulb was burned out in the bathroom but didn't impact my overall experience) and the bed was pretty comfy. The view itself from our room was terrible. We were on a lower floor where there was some sort of roof protruding out from the building so when we looked out our window, it was basically like looking out on to a roof. Meh.The hotel bar was fairly nice and the lobby area is very pretty. Overall a decent experience. It wasn't the fanciest place I've ever stayed but for a comfy place overnight, it did the job.
3	Staying here currently.  Room is much smaller than expected. Bathroom is teeny tiny, very disappointed. No bathtub. You can't even fit two people in the bathroom at once. Bring your own blow dryer, these are sub par. Room is clean. Pretty much the only positive!
4	We went there for the Community Liver Alliance's Steel Chef Challenge. The banquet space is large and nicely decorated. It has huge windows overlooking the point, which were nice. They are also equipped with a decent sound system and projector system.
1	Not a good hotel. This is a $50 a night room experience. The staff was not helpful and rude at times. The rooms are very small with no fridge. They advertise free wifi but it is completely useless. After the 10 minutes you spend trying to connect the connection is so weak that you can't even load Google.com.
3	Spent four days/nights there for a conference. This is a large, downtown hotel that in most ways was adequate or slightly better than that. Some complained that wifi didn't reach their rooms, but I didn't have that problem. Toilet was leaking the first day/night, but a plumber fixed it when I asked the next day. A worn out gasket was the problem. Rooms rather small, bathrooms very small, with not much closet/drawer space for clothes, but just enough. Shower/tub bottom was slippery and a hazard. Did not notice any mold problem even though my room was next to the swimming pool. Hotel restaurants very expensive, but plenty of reasonably priced food available close to the hotel downtown. Would return for another conference but if traveling on vacation to Pittsburgh would try to find a B&B instead.
1	I don't often give bad reviews, but my experience was awful ! This Review is about the hotel restaurant/bar Rivers . The elder lady behind the bar who served me was rude and not attentive to my needs as customer. She was annoyed with me when I asked to see a dinner menu instead of a bar menu.  She also did not honor a happy hour price that was posted on a flyer right a the bar ( because I got it in a glass and not a bottle. She did not advise me there was a difference) . The burger I got was dry and burnt. I've gotten better burgers from McDonald's .  #neveragain
1	I brought my family here for the weekend to watch a Steeler's game.  We have stayed in Pittsburgh 3 times previously in the year, twice at DoubleTree Hilton and once at Hampton Suites Downtown.  We decided to try this hotel this weekend just for a change and because of the location. BAD idea!!I read reviews on Yelp after arriving and unfortunately all that I had read that was negative was true and then some.  Arrival was a nightmare with a log-jammed entrance.  This hotel offers valet parking for $30/night or self parking at one of the nearby city lots that anyone can park at.  Valet also parks in the city lots by the way.  There was a sign that said "valet full", but I needed to get my wife and kids in the hotel before I went searching for other options.  The valet kindly informed me that he could park us for 1 night of our 2 night stay, but we would have to figure something else out on our second night.  WTF?  Whatever, I'll deal with it even though the website doesn't say valet parking is limited and even if you get a spot they will kick you out.  The room technically met the description seen on the website but left a lot to be desired for a suite.  Mold as has been described, odd smell, cramped room.  There is no dresser if you want to unpack.  I was having trouble running the microwave until I realized there weren't enough outlets for the mini-fridge, coffee maker AND the microwave.  Overall attn to detail is horrible from daily housekeeping to planning of the room to hooking up the TV and equipping it appropriately, i.e. Sheets for the sofa bed when there are 2 adults 2 kids scheduled to stay in a suite.  FYI, if you are walking back from the city in the rain with your family after enjoying festivities at Market Square, i.e. Ice skating, and it is after midnight, DO NOT try to use your key card to get in the side or rear entrances even though there is a clearly marked sign at each entrance that says you have to use your key card between the hours of 6pm-6am.  As the helpful staff informed us after we walked all the way around the building in the rain, those signs are "old".  The doors are just locked now after midnight.  Note that after the NFL flexed the 1pm game to 8:30pm and we had to extend our stay for an extra night, Wyndham jacked the price up from $180 on a Sat night to $300/night for a Sunday night.  Thanks, Wyndham.  Oopsies forgot that there was non parking for all of these guests paying such a price for an extraOverall this was a hugely disappointing stay.  The location/views are not worth staying here, as indicated in previous reviews.
