2	A signed picture of a smiling LaToya Jackson greets you as you enter. The staff is friendly, the restaurant is spacious, and more than 80 items are offered, dessert included. But the food is far from memorable. A lot of the items were bland - even my favorite, fried chicken - and those which were not were sub par even for a buffet. And don't bother with the sushi; I've come to the conclusion that if you don't have a sushi chef preparing the sushi behind a sushi counter, it's probably not worth it. The establishment will probably survive, though. It looks like it's been there forever and seems to have a loyal customer base from Sun City. The perpetual bumper-to-bumper traffic on that part of Grand Avenue on the drive back to Phoenix was a fitting conclusion for this buffet excursion.
2	This nice looking mid-sized place had 84 main items out as I cheerfully joined a moderate crowd of diners on this Wednesday morning.  Unfortunately, it was all downhill from there.  As Norm said, the food was blah, & even with so many choices, I just couldn't find anything to get excited about at all.My server was real sweet, & one of the stars up there is for her.  The food was, in fact, pretty bad.Lunch Buffet $6.49, Sr. $5.84
2	I ventured into New China Super Buffet with a Chinese friend who was in need of comfort food from her motherland.  This joint was walking distance from her motel so we decided to give it a go.An autographed poster of LaToya Jackson was the first thing I saw when I made my way to the buffet tables.  This, sadly, was the best part of the meal.  Well, the egg drop soup and chocolate pudding were good too.  Aside from that the food was abysmal.  Even the standard sweet and sour chicken was lackluster.  My friend stuck with white rice, broccoli and some noodles because the rest of what she picked over was not to her liking.  The staff, however, was able to serve her a glass of hot water that was to her liking.  In a desperate attempt to find an item to my liking I went for the American standard...pizza.  Even that was bad.  The staff was friendly and accommodating and it's a shame the quality of food could not match up to the people working there.  I really hate to say it but New China Super Buffet is the worst Chinese buffet I have ever eaten in.  Because I enjoyed the soup and staff I will grant two stars upon this, er, fine establishment.
1	If Chinese buffet is what you desire, just keep driving northwest on Grand to the other place!  The food is low quality and the place is one of the dirtiest I've seen in the Valley!  They do have a friendly staff and a vast selection, and so I can award them one star.  Overall this is as bad as it gets, and would have to be starving to walk away satisfied eating here.
1	= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =This disaster case Buffet finally folded.  The food all looked about right but was just so awful tasting I don't know how they did it!  The couple running the place were real sweet, so I toned my original review down a lot but suffice it to say they just didn't have a clue what they were doing!     :-OFortunately a great new Buffet, China Olive, just opened down the street today & it's everything this place never was!     :-))
