2	So it was in the beginning..............the promise of a Super Target to be blessed upon the humble residents of Sun Prairie.  But then the city council got their panties in a bunch and decided to only approve a regular sized Target.  After much consideration over deep fried doughnuts and cheese curds, they felt the fine people of Sun Prairie could not be burdened with the task of driving an extra 5.6 miles down the road to the newly remodeled Target on Lien Rd in Madison.  That being said, this Target is a carbon copy of the store on the east side of Madison literally just 5 miles away.  I suppose if you live further away like in Marshall or Columbus, the Sun Prairie Target would be a pinch closer.  However, if you're going to be driving all the way, you might as well go the extra 5 miles and explore your options in Madison.Either way, I'm way too cool to shop here, I just speed on by furiously to the super Walmart in Monona so I can play on the escalators until they ask me to leave.
3	It's Target........what else do you need to know?
4	I purchased a home in a neighborhood near this Target partly because it's within walking distance and has enough variety for a quick shopping errand. Even though it's not a Super Target as Heather complains, they have a very satisfactory grocery department including fresh fruits and vegetables. I think this is a very crucial thing to have in the neighborhood considering there are quite a few people living on the southwest side of Sun Prairie, but there are no other stores within a reasonable walking or bike riding distance (next closest is Copps off Windsor Road.) Any shopping opportunity that we can access without a car is a plus for this area.
2	It seems like I frequent this Target about twice a week since I live nearby and twice a week I find myself annoyed at what should be non-retail-issues.  Two stars for a few reasons:1.  there are 20 lanes to check out items and i swear it doesn't matter what time of the day i go, there are never more than 3 people checking customers out.  i always spend at least 5 minutes in a line.2.  it doesn't matter what section of the store i shop in - they never seem to carry my size clothing.  every size is enormous and when i find something i love, the only sizes available are XS, L, XL, and XXL. you know something is off when your medium-sized person is swimming in a XS dress.3.  motion-sensor cd compilations.  have you ever tried to buy a book in this target?  i can't look at paperbacks without triggering the motion-sensor on the damn CD rack.  every.single.time.  i am learning how to become stealthier and more ninja-like in order to avoid triggering CELEBRATE GOOD TIMES C'MON at top volume.4.  they don't sell alcohol.5.  every time i try to buy a piece of fruit, the checker is confused and requires a price check.  The nice thing about this Target is that many of their grocery items are comparably priced.  Almost all of their cheeses are about a dollar cheaper than Copp's.  The produce is fresher and better, too.  Added bonus - their protein bars and health bar section is decent.  But who wants to wait in line for twenty minutes to buy a Clif bar?
3	For a Target this place is not bad. I had to come in here for some sundrys. What I didn't like was that the place looked pretty picked over. That was a little irritating. The staff was fairly helpful and there was ample parking. Again, it's a Target. You have to to what you have to do...but at least it wasn't offensive.
4	Why are other Yelpers getting down on the SP Target? It's pretty much the same as the Lien Road location in Madison, but newer and perhaps a smidge smaller. As this Target is just outside of Madison, it tends to have a bit more robust selection of clothes (aka: less picked over) when new things come out (esp. the designer collaborations). They could use more cashiers, but otherwise it's a fab location and I like that people who live East of Madison no longer need to go all the way into the city to get their Target on!
1	In my previous review I said I was too cool to shop here, but I lied!  Muhahaha!  So I've been here a handful of times now and just recently ran into an employee who thinks he's so cool that even HE shouldn't be there.There was one lady ahead of me at the check out.  The young man running the register said hello to her and asked her how she was doing.  She responded politely and the transaction was done as he said thank you and goodbye to her.  I step up to the plate and homeboy doesn't even look in my direction.  I'm not expecting them to roll out the red carpet and hand me glasses of bubbly, but you can at least utter the word "hey" in my general direction.  He scans and bags my items and uses all his life force to barely mutter "29.75."  So I slide my good ol' plastic and his register spits out a receipt.  To which he grabs said receipt, stuffs it in my bag, and thrusts the bag in my face. After that he just stared over the top of my head off into the distance and never spoke again.  I was pretty surprised.  Not a hello, goodbye, or even the often required "have a nice day" in a monotone voice.   It's logical to assume that there are, at least, two sides to every story.  I don't know what his story was exactly, but I'm going to guess that he was offended because I probably looked like his mama.  His mama always says "why do you have those dime sized holes in your earlobes honey?"  AND "why must you wear your pants around your knees?"  OMG mom is annoying AND soooo embarrassing!The customer service here isn't usually that bad by a long shot, but whenever I do go I ALWAYS avoid that kid.  I don't wanna perpetuate his mommy complex.  Oh no you didn't!!!
4	I have to agree with Laura, I don't understand all the hate. I used to frequent the Madison East location. Used to. This Target isn't as busy as the Madison East location, and I like that. I can take my time and browse as much as I'd like without be a pain in some other shoppers butt. There's tons of parking, although I do find the handicapped parking that's on the side of the building isn't as functional as it could be. Customer service is something that I expect to be hit or miss any place that I go. Of course I've had some cashiers who seem uninterested and might just say "hi" and not mutter a word after, but as long as they do their job and give me the right amount of change back when I pay with cash I really don't mind. For the most part there's always a few associates who will ask me if I'm finding everything while I'm shopping. Returns are quick, just like every other Target I've been to.In comparison to the Madison East location I find that even if this store is not noticeably smaller the shelves are usually less picked over.
4	Helllllllooooooo people it's target. What makes  this target any different from Targets all across the USA? Well for one they are extremely organized with merchandise.  Nothing drives me more crazy than messy shelves and clutter all over the place at stores. Yes, I've seen that at my last target in Ohio. Yuck, despised going there because it was always a mess and I could never find anything. Another plus is that shopping carts aren't all over the parking lot bashing into your car. Again, the last Target that I lived near you had to place super mario cart around the red plastic shopping carts upon entering and exiting. I think the people of Sun Prairie and demographics contribute highly to this location too. That's until Highway C gets built up and all the riff raffs from East Town start patronizing this location. I sure hope that doesn't happen. I love you Target on Highway C
