3	Your average gaming dive bar that happens to be located directly next to Green Valley High School on Warm Springs. This place is as basic of a neighborhood bar as you get in Vegas.
4	Had my first experience with a friend who has been going here for years....   The bartenders and servers were extremely friendly... the food was good quality... Overall was a pleasant experience... I would definitely go back!
5	Always have been a great place to go. The hot wings and waffle fries are the best! So are the phillys and other food I ate. They don't poor no slack drink either. Great bartenders!!
3	Your average gaming dive bar. This place is as basic of a neighborhood bar as you get in Vegas. It would be fine...however if you arent born&raised, know someone, or look like a "Hendersonian" you arent very welcome.
4	Located on the corner in a small strip mall off Warm Springs, this is more of a locals place. A really dark bar with a Pub feel- the ceiling is neat, architectural detail (if you've got those dark prescription glasses, watch your step); outside there is a fireplace, which is neat for cold nights. It's smoky, so your clothes might wreak of the smell, just a warning (I don't smoke, so it's not at all appealing to me). Some booths are located on the left upon entering. I can't tell you too much of the rest of the place because we pretty much stayed at the booth the whole time.  The bartender seated us at lunch time; she was nice, took our drink and food order, and returned to her station (the bar). The menu was pretty big, for being a bar, and the prices were pretty reasonable (average price being around $7.00). I think the cook delivered the food to us, because I saw him in the kitchen, from where we were seated. My father-in-law said that the chicken fingers (there are different flavors, like regular, spicy, and teriyaki) and waffle cut fries were really delicious, but I didn't feel like having a full order of either, so I got the nachos (my husband didn't like it- said it was plain, no beans and no meat). But my appetite hasn't been the same since my operation last month (ok, a funny story, so my husband's friends came to visit last month, and her mom said "I don't know where she puts it"- it's funny, but yes, I like to eat!), so I was fine with it. It was a big platter, came with two plates, chips topped with cheese (could've used more cheese, though), jalapenos (love the heat), salsa, olives, and one generous scoop each of sour cream and guacamole (love guacamole). I'm sort of a nachos buff when it comes to the weekends or vacation, so this was alright, by my standards. My husband let me sample a chicken finger and some fries. The chicken fingers are mostly meat, not composed mostly of yucky batter which seems to be the norm at most places; very good! The waffle fries were thick but golden, and were really good, as well, not soggy and soacked in oil, like most places. I had a chicken fingers phase when I was in my 20s, so I don't usually get them or eat them a lot these days. I'd probably order something else next time, so I could split the order with my husband (like we usually do). The service could've been more better (checked on us once), but the chicken fingers and waffle fries were very good, and the prices were reasonable, so it's safe to say that we will be back again (ok, and my FIL really loves the fingers and fries, plus it's in his nick of the woods too).
1	Went in with colleagues after work for the first time and we were not impressed..Dive bar mentality to the point of the bartender actually rooting on a regular to unplug the juke box because we were not playing country western. IF YOU ARE NOT A REGULAR, DO NOT GO TO THIS BAR!
5	This place has always been a great watering hole. The service has always been great.They also have never changed the menu at this place cause its always that good. Try the hot wings and waffle frys.
2	I live close to Chilly Palmers so I decided to try it out for a late-night dinner.  The bar was full of customers in their mid- to late twenties. I ordered the boneless wings with french fries, which I found to be nothing special.  They had a decent selection of  draft beer, though, and it was inexpensive.  So far, so good for a dive bar. Right? If this was the extent of my experience, I would have given it 3 stars.  However, I have to deduct a star because how rude the bartender was about my song selections on the jukebox.  When he heard my first classic rock (ZZ Top)  song playing, he insulted it and fast-forwarded through all my paid-for songs.  Apparently, you're only allowed to play country/western and rap music at this bar.I won't be back.
4	Great service and great food.  Why didn't I ever come here sooner.  The server was on top of their game today.  It helps that the place was empty.  They give u plenty of food for your money.   The menu is extensive.  I have to comeback and try the wings here.  Definitely a wingman not a breast man when it comes to food.  Just had some drinks for a liquid lunch and picked at everyone else's food.
3	I would say my lunch gets 2 stars, but the service, location, and interior of the bar brings it up to 3.I went on a weekday around 12:45.  The place was nearly empty, a couple of people at the bar and a couple sat down after I came in.  Service was nearly immediate, she was fantastic.  I also had my drink order very quickly.  To eat, I was deciding between the quesadilla burger, which has cheese, salsa, and green chiles between 2 corn tortillas, and the blue cheese burger.  Well, they were out of blue cheese, so that made that decision easy.  I went for the seasoned waffle fries.The food was made fresh and came out quickly, but it's just cookie-cutter bar food.  The patties were clearly pre-formed, I would guess by someone that doesn't work here, and the fries were the usual seasoned waffle fries you can get at a number of places.  Also, I am pretty sure the ranch dressing was bottled.  Prices were reasonable, and as I noted, service was great.  Also, it was a spacious and clean bar with plenty of places to sit.  I would give it another shot, but won't order a burger again.
4	It's a dive-y little neighborhood bar. Drinks are cheap, food is above average bar fare, bartenders are friendly, and the machines are relatively loose. They have two pool tables, a jukebox, and a small seating area away from the bar. Try the blackened chicken sandwich (the bf swears by it) and the mac & cheese bites!
1	.
