1	This place deserves no stars.. This is one of the worst places to get your nails done or any service. Its very dirty,the workers are rude, they talk crap on front of you. I know a few words and slangs and I told the lady I understand what your saying...
5	I can't believe the other reviews here. I have had nothing but wonderful experiences each time I go in. I only get pedis, so I can't comment on fingers, but the pedis last a very long time. I always get jewels and painting - never the same design twice. It's always unique and very lovely. People ask where I have them done and are very disappointed when I tell them Las Vegas (I live in San Diego and wait to come to Las Vegas to do my pedis). It's reasonably priced and very little waiting. I've been going there for 3 years and it's been great every single time.
4	this place is not super fancy or kept up, which is exactly why I went there because I was not going to pay some 50 dollars for a fill. the service was nothing special most of the ladies didn't speak much english. they are able to do see cut nails which I like, they charge 3 dollars extra for that , and airbrush. my nails service technician was new though, because the boss is standing over her watching her the entire time, which was kind of annoying and making the girl more nervous. she took her time though, and did a fine job,I would come back again but prolly not for airbrush. total price for the fill was 29 dollars
1	Horrible. My gel nails could have been done by my kid nephew! NEVER going here again!!
3	love this place they do an amazing job! I like how the nail shop is right by my house and very convenient for me. They also do an amazing job with eyebrows thats the only place i go to, to get my eyebrows done.
1	awful customer service, its under new management and some of the new employees are very rude. I have returned a few times after they change management and employees to give it a try since its close to were I live, but I get the same rude lady all the time and she does not seem to want business.  I asked about the equipment (nail clippers)looking a bit dirty and she got very defensive, I should have left then but I made a mistake and stayed, needless to say during the rest of the pedicure she was super rude, didn't even try to help me get out of the seat or set the drying lamp for me, no thanks or nothing just a sour face when she charged me. You guys did your job for the day, One less customer returning!!
5	I absolutely love this place! The new owners treat us with undivided attention, they give us exactly what we want at a fair price. We come here every 2 weeks for mani pedis. Love being regulars here! I never go anywhere else to get my nails done!
1	Worst nail sallon EVER. I walked in because they had the full set for 20 dollars sign oustside. I guess you get what you pay for cuz my nails are horrible. First of all on the wall there's a paper that says free bottle of water, they NEVER even offered it to me. Second the nail tech (super rude) got mad at ME for choosing a color that was too old...maybe you should check your inventory every once in a while then...Then she charged me 5 dollars extra for the shape I asked for ( coffin) which is fine..if she did them right. They're completely crooked and none of the nails match. Not to mention my nail broke ALREADY. Horrible just horrible.  Please don't ever come here.
5	They do a really great job here and are clean! Always very nice & never try to up sell! :)
