3	I quite like this place as i like its ice cream.It has a great cafe for eating and ordering meals upstairs.Staff are polite and helpful.Nice food and ice cream.
5	During my week-long vacation in Edinburgh I spent the first few days and nights in romantic bliss, but then my companion-in-intimacy had to leave town a couple days before me -- I needed immediate and immense comforting, and S Luca provided just that (in spades).Irn-Bru sorbet -- HOLY COW, I came back three times to enjoy it... It's fizzy, it's ginger, it's phenomenal... Also I enjoyed something called the "Knickerbocker Glory" which was a little overwhelming (I'm not really a sweets person, and it's pretty much an encyclopedia of sugar's varieties and manifestations) but still pretty damn good.
5	My university is based in Musselburgh where S.Luca originates and is an institution. I have visited S.Luca many a time and it never fails to impress. The Morningside location is just as great as its original. We visited the cafe for lunch and the menu is great. The menu includes sandwiches, paninis, fish and chips, and a wide range of specials. I went for the Chicken, Mozzarella and Guacamole panini. Despite the fact the Guacamole was store bought (it really isn't that hard to make at home), it was lovely. My boyfriend had the Club Sandwich which he really enjoyed. Basically it is everything you would expect from a cafe. But it isn't the cafe you come to S.Luca for.The ice cream is what its all about. I could spend forever in here sampling the different flavours and sundaes. They have your standard Chocolate, Strawberry, Mint Choc Chip as well as Coffee, Toffee, Irn Bru Sorbet, Vimto Sorbet and many more. My personal favourite is Toffee Fudgy Wudgy. Yeh try asking for that with a straight face! The ice cream is homemade and really is fantastic. I recommend eating in the cafe first and if it is a nice day, go downstairs and get your cone to take away. Downstairs also has an amazing selection of chocolates which will leave you drooling all over the glass. Also you can buy tubs of ice cream to take away. Which after sampling their delicious ice cream, you probably will do.
4	If its good enough for a visit from Tony Blair, then its good enough for me.  Peeking through the window at the vast array of truffles, jelly beans and ice creams I felt compelled to taste at least one treat (although one treat always leads to another, and indeed it did!).  S. Luca cafe offers something of a sensory overload: A rich spectrum of colour, wafts of sweet smells, and an assault of flavours.  With a spiral staircase leading to its upstairs cafe, you can take your counter bought delights and sip and coffee or two.  But be warned, the cafe menu offers more tempting dishes: The Amerena Cherries Ice cream special will leave you in a trance like state of indulgence.  Being a haven for sweets you can expect the occasional swarm of giddy children running amok, so don't expect a quiet treat for two.  Nonetheless, those with an insatiable sweet tooth will be in a frenzy over an S. Luca logo marked bag of truffles including such flavours as butterscotch, Amaretto, Champagne Milk and many more.  The only thing missing was Willy Wonka himself.
4	My mother always claims to be 'not an ice-cream' person. However, having taken her to St. Lucas, I think she might have changed her mind. This amazing shop sells. Without a doubt, the best ice cream ever - and there is such a large selection of it too, from traditional flavours like vanilla and chocolate, to more modern (and Scottish!) flavours such as Irn-Bru Sorbet. Yum! On sunny days there are literally queues out of the door and around the corner, it's that good!St. Luca also houses a small cafe, and downstairs a counter selling some very tempting chocolates. My only concern is the size of those queues, it really can take the edge off a desire for ice cream having to wait for 15 mins to get served!Over all though, amazing.
4	The founder of this icecream/chocolatier/candy store had a name I didn't even bother memorizing, so wisely changed it to the more easily remembered S Luca. Another Italian establishment (where are they all coming from?!) this shop is primarily an ice cream store and has quite an extensive variety. Being a more traditional gal, I've had the vanilla flavour on several occasions and tried some others as well; it's definitely the yummy stuff!If carefully tasting your way through every ice cream flavour isn't enough for you, they also sell realllllly fancy chocolate right next to the ice cream counter and just by the entrance is a further candy counter; apparently they're  "everyones' favourite childhood sweets" but having grown up in Nigeria, it's obviously some one else's childhood they they're talking about.My next plan of attack is to venture upstairs and visit their cafe! That's if I haven't succumbed to sugar shock by the name I make it there..
5	I am not surprised that this place has got a whole page of glowing reviews - it certainly is excellent! Morningside Road is such a nice street to have a wander down, there are so many gorgeous little boutiques, art stores and other independent shops that you could spend a whole afternoon going from shop to shop getting some goodies or just searching for inspiration. I was having an inspiration searching day last week and as it was a beautiful day I decided to pop into S. Luca to reward myself with an ice-cream. I spent ages drooling over all the flavours wondering what one to go for. Chocolate? Strawberry? Mint? It was torture. I eventually decided to go for some chocolate and I wasn't disappointed by my decision, it was amazing.You can also sit in with a wee tea of coffee and grab some lunch as they offer sandwiches, paninis and other light bites but make sure you save some room for a slice of cake afterwards!S. Luca offers amazing quality produce in a traditional setting with a great atmosphere and friendly staff, I can't praise it high enough!
5	As a grown man who for employment purposes frequently wears a shirt and tie whilst strolling round the capital, I probably look a little odd whilst supping on an ice cream. I don't let it stop me however, and wherever I see such frozen, creamy manna on sale, I find it impossible to control myself.My usual double cone with flake tasted magnificent from S Luca, and on my second visit the coconut flavour I went for really was a joy to behold. Tremendous as it is, I'm not 100% sure it's actually all that much better than everywhere else as some of my fellow scribblers seem to think, but as an avid icy lover I'm possibly just not that picky.Very nice, borderline opulent surroundings, and located in what  is the dictionary definition of a leafy suburb, it does pretty much everything right.
4	You see this shop, and you can't resist - you want to treat yourself.Your taste buds are telling you you need this ice cream, and now I am signing up to the list of S Luca's merry fans - it's outstanding. Offering creamy, traditional ice creams in a number of flavours and styles, it's worth making the journey to Morningside for.As Eleanor said they have a sit in area, where you can get teas, coffees and light bites, but as the ladies and gents also said you can't come in here without purchasing something sweet. It's what S Luca is here for, and the ice cream is perfection. Soft, a little bit chewy and fresh, it's unforgettable. I would recommend the chocolate, but I can imagine their other flavours are just as impressive.A perfect way to end a sunny day, S Luca's ice cream is also tasty in winter. They sell lovely confectionary too, from homemade chocs in Arran to Lindt bunnies. I love an ice cream shop which brings with it a touch of class, and S Luca certainly fits that criteria.
4	Mmmmm...Luca's.  Even the mention of the name, and my salivary glands begin to work overtime.  I've been here plenty of times now, and I don't remember ever having been disappointed.The Morningside branch is located just near Holy Corner, and is a cunning plan to lure all of the well-off people from the local area to enjoy their ice cream all year round.  Each time I've been, I visited the upstairs restaurant part.  For nearly all of the times, I've gone for a Strawberry Bliss - a heady mix of ice cream, cream, and strawberries.  It's very tasty, but also over far too quickly because of its tastiness.The downstairs part serves cones of a variety of flavours of ice cream, as well as a lot of sweets and chocolates.  They should maybe consider putting a dentist in there too - I dread to think of the amount of tooth decay that this place is responsible for!If you have a sweet tooth, or appreciate a good ice cream, then you have to visit Luca's.  You'd be crazy not to.
4	When I lived closer to the Morningside area, I used to come here after playing tennis, to scoff down a panini, and then top it off with an ice cream for good measure. I mean, how can you come here without selecting yet another exciting flavour of ice cream? Italian ice cream is awesome, and that's a fact. You could say that coming here and consuming high amounts of calories defeats the purpose of playing an hour and a half of tennis in the first place. Well...that's probably fair enough, but you have to have some incentive to aim for when you're killing yourself running round the court.S Luca is always busy, busy, and lunch time sees an influx of mothers, children, and babies, although you do get students from the university up the road too. The children running about and the babies wailing I'm not so keen on, being the most not maternal individual of all time, sorry if that sounds harsh, but it's just an honest reaction. This doesn't take away from the fact that the food is tasty, with a great lunch menu served in the cafe upstairs, from sandwiches, paninis and soups, plus there's the ever appealing option of tucking in to an ice cream from the gelateria downstairs.
5	all I can say is WOWYou need to come here, seriously, it's amazing.Yolanda, the owner, is nothing short of brilliant. So creative, so meticulous with her presentation, so fun and energetic, so lovely and so nice!! She is so professional and it shoes in her parlours.eleven out of ten!!
5	I have yet to find a better ice cream shop in Edinburgh. It seems a lot better and real when compared to the big chains. The staff seem nice, allowing you to taste your flavour if you like before buying. This is always helpful for me as I am a little bit indecisive! As a huge fan of Bananas, I discovered their Banoffee ice cream. Oh man.. I don't think i'd need to try any others. LOVE! They also sell other chocolates and yummy things. But I will always choose gelato over chocolate! I'd suggest going if you have a craving, enough choices to find one you like!
5	Wow S Luca sell the best ice cream i've tasted, especially their nutella flavour!Yum yum yum!You won't regret searching out this shop! :)
3	I want to like S Luca more than I do.  I keep trying, but I just .... fail.I've had ice cream from here a number of times and so often I get really excited and then I try it and I'm reminded that I didn't really like it last time either.The other day the glorious sunshine and heat caused me to require icey creamy goodness so a couple of us headed out to Luca's.  I got cookies and cream and mint chocolate chip.  The mint chip was reeeeeeeeeeally tasty, I was well pleased about that, but the cookies & cream was a bit grainy and just didn't taste very nice to me.Additionally every time I come here I really want a sorbet, but they seem to very rarely have standard sorbet flavours. The other day they had Irn Bru (??), vimto (????), and mango.  What's with the soda flavours??  Additionally, every christmas The Man gets me a box of chocolate from here.  I don't have the heart to tell him I really really really really don't like their chocolates, and he ends up benefitting in the end as I get him to eat most of them.  They have the same odd flavour that I found in the cookies & cream ice cream... maybe it's the vanilla they use?   So, I know that this totally puts me apart from the Luca's loving crowd but in my opinion if you're looking for good chocolate and ice cream in Bruntsfield, The Chocolate Tree is absolutely the way forward.
4	When announcing I was coeliac the waitress was able to tell me straight away that a couple of the ice creams were OK but she'd get the manager to come over to chat through the choices.  Manager duly arrived with a folder full of all their products, with all ingredients listed, so it was incredibly easy.  Vanilla, strawberry and Nutella ice creams are OK, chocolate is not as they add drinking chocolate powder.  The rest of the service was superb, and the place was buzzing for a Sunday afternoon.
3	I love ice cream and was really eager to try S Luca's ice cream that I had heard so much about. When we arrived on a Saturday afternoon, there were long queues for the take-away treats downstairs but we headed upstairs to find seats. We should have known this would be packed as well, especially with boisterous and sugar-filled kids with lots of newly found energy. We waited patiently for a table to open up and were seated within a few minutes. My chocolate and pistachio ice creams were good, but they didn't blow me away. Besides the okay-it's-good-but-not-amazing ice cream, the whole experience was a bit lacking in my view. The servers seemed overly-busy and lacked a sense of genuine friendliness. The place was clean and the old-fashioned ice cream bar feel provided good ambiance, but the rowdy kids and sheer noise of the place got to me. We could hardly hear each other, which never bodes well. I'd go back to S Luca for the ice cream, but perhaps next time I'd just do take-away and enjoy it while strolling through Morningside for better ambiance.
5	I have yet to come here for food, so this is just a rating of the ice cream and sweet shop downstairs.They have a fantastic array of flavours, I haven't tasted one that DIDN'T make me crave more, and there's always a new sorbet or frozen yoghurt available every time I come in - the raspberry and green apple frozen yoghurt being a personal favourite. The Irn Bru and Vimto sorbets are so addictive they may be illegal, they do the only chocolate ice cream I've found that doesn't taste horribly bitty, the strawberry and vanilla are phenomenal....I could probably just list every different flavour and a different superlative next to them, but that would get boring. They also have a great variety of interesting sweets available, and they're one of the few places in town to get my Jelly Belly fix.Did I mention their ice cream is really really good?
3	Not Willy Wonkas chocolate factory unfortunately but still still yummy. Just stopped in because I had some time and I have been past this place a million and ten times and have never gone in . Place is nice and clean and had a good variety of chocolates. I decided on the violet and rose truffles as well as a chocolate mouse ( no harry potter chocolate frogs unfortunately ) anyways the gal was real nice who served me so customer service was good. The chocolate was not bad at all, the two truffles tasted just like the name of them Rose and Violets. The Violet was not to good in my opinion, tasted to much like soap so maybe the flavors in that one need to be toned down so you can taste the chocolate. I will stop in again when I have more time as this was a rush when I went in I should have browsed more but oh well. Try the chocolate mice, they are remarkably well detailed ( hope there not real mice haha) .
4	If you just want a cone of ice cream, i literally can't praise luca's ice cream enough. it is of the highest quality! There is a restaurant upstairs here too which is totally cheap and cheerful (mostly) but i'm not such a big fan of it there. Thankfully though the ice cream is incredible, which i think is the important thing given that it's their thing.
4	We craved an ice cream; a perfect pairing with the beautiful sunny day that it was. And so, we headed to S Luca. The queue flowed out the door but the staff worked through it with ease and speed. No sooner had we reached the counter. It was so busy that I hadn't been able to sneak a peek of the flavours until that point. They all looked delicious; Nutella, Peach, Lemon Sorbet, Key Lime Cheesecake...I surprised myself in going for their vanilla.  - It just looked so scrumptious! 99 cones were just what we needed to cool down from the heat. We headed out to the sunshine and...They were gone in minutes! So very delicious and creamy and mmmm...Vanilla ice cream perfection.S Luca is quite the ice cream parlour, but forget luxury prices. The prices were extremely reasonable. Service was fast and friendly too.I know I can rely on S Luca for ice cream in Edinburgh!
5	I love the ice cream here!Great place with nice chocolates and really nice ice cream. On a nice sunny day, this place is perfect to get a cool dessert and go for a walk in Morningside and the meadows. Enjoy!
