1	Most horrible customer service ever. This is a location connected to a Subway, and I should have known it would be bad as the Subway people had to whistle to let the guy there know he had customers. I was looking for donuts, and the guy sighed that I was taking too long. He was texting someone in the back prior. He took my order rushing me, and then he took my money and rushed back to his phone in the back. My sister was there going to pay for her own and he left back to the back before he would take her order. Needless to say, she never got her donuts or coffee. Then, another woman came in and waited and waited and waited while he was cleaning in the back clearly in view of any customers. I was so disgusted by the donuts that I had to put them back. They tasted like they were at least a few days old and hard. Finally he came back out to help this woman, and he was on his cell phone for several minutes! She kept waiting while he talked on his phone, then another woman came in. They visibly stared at each other like WTF until he finally got off his phone and started to help them. I will never EVER order from this Winchells if I see this man there again. This happened at about 8pm Thursday night 10/04.
3	This place is right across the street from my place so I've been here a few times. It shares a building with a Subway sandwich shop so you can get yourself a fairly healthy sandwich and ruin the meal by topping it off with a few donuts. LOLThey do seem to be short staffed every time I've been here there's only one person working in the back by himself. The Subway staff usually holler at him for me to get his attention.Other than that it's Winchell's my favorite doughnuts. You'd have to really annoy me to make me not like Winchell's.It's also open 24 hours a day. So when that sweet tooth strikes I don't have far to go.
4	The service was good, and the donuts were ok, my son loved them lol
5	If you're a senior and want a decent and good-tasting meal for about $7.77, try this one: Stop at BK and get a side salad with croutons and apple cider dressing (great!), and a fresh cup of good coffee (Starbucks coffee without being BURNED!).  Take it to this (or any) Subway/Winchell's and order the ham, chedder, and egg breakfast sandwich on a plain croissant from Winchell's (plenty of mayo, and have 'em warm it up after it's made).  Then get a cup of broccoli cheese soup from Subway.  Drinks at both places are too pricey, and BK's coffee is FAR superior to Winchell's (Subway uses same coffee but cuts it off at 11am and charges more than BK), so if you want a drink other than coffee, get a senior drink at BK and bring it along too.  Now THAT'S a well-rounded and yummy meal!Boulder City just got our own Sub/Win here last week!  Now if SOMEBODY at Subway only knew the wifi PASSWORD!
3	Good donuts. I love that it shares space with Subway. It makes me laugh every time I go in. The service is friendly, though there's only been one person working every time I've been there. There are always plenty of chocolate frosted donuts available, which is perfect for chocolate lovers like me. And there are plenty of other options like crumb or maple donuts for those (crazy?) people who aren't so big on chocolate.
1	Picked up 2 doz.@3pm on a thurs. All stale hard as a rock, waited about 3 good minutes before employee noticed me, he came over didn't speak a lick of English .  Who sales stale crap for a profit?  this was far west on Sahara close to Ft.Apache at exactly 3pm on a Thursday be afraid be very afraid....
2	This location is very close to me so of course I came in to satisfy my donut craving. I believe when I came it was morning since I read reviews the night before stating they may have had some old donuts.I grabbed a few sprinkle donuts and boy were they DRY! I tried to eat them with milk but it wasn't working out for me. I was thinking maybe it was because I was pregnant but my kids rejected the donuts which goes to prove it was me. It's the place. I'm pretty convinced they only make fresh donuts whenever they run out of what's been sitting out for a day or two.
