5	So, I'm looking for a copy of  Jim Lee's W.I.L.D.cats Volume 2 Number 5.  "What does he speak of? What could this mean?  Is it gibberish? Are there slithy toes that gire and gimble in the wabe?"  No, It just happens to be a back issue of a comic I had lost and was hoping to find again.  And I did, at Comic Oasis.I'm a huge fan of back issue hunting.  And that's what I really like about Comic Oasis.  Big long bins and hours of plastic bag flipping enjoyment. Sure they have all the accoutrement's of any other comic shop, but, to me the main attraction is the back issue bins.It's interesting, clean,and easy to find stuff. That's what makes it such a joy to search for missing gems from my collection at Tim's.  If you have holes in your Nerd-tastic Library, hit up Comic Oasis, i'm sure you'll find a few missing pieces.
3	Went on 24 December. Comic Oasis has a large selection of comics. They keep a number of graphic novels in stock as well, however these are dominated by Marvel. If that's your thing, cool. If you're looking for something else, you'll need a little luck. Very few games, and a moderate amount of toys. Not a bad place, but way more comic influenced than games, RPGs, ect.
4	This place is a pretty good location to grab the latest issue of your favorite comic, or a trade paperback version of a series you've missed!  They have many CCG and tabletop products as well.  It's a great place to come in and pick up your geeky needs.You should definitely check out the great selection of models and action figures they have, you'll appreciate them even if you're a closet geek.
5	I have had nothing but enjoyable experiences at Comic Oasis and I thought it hight time I shared that with you.Let's start with a staff that was friendly and engaging not just with me, but my children as well. Whether via telephone, or in person I have had only pleasant dealings with the crew at Comic Oasis.Selection is very good and easily accessible for your Wednesday fix, they've even gone to the trouble of posting each week's releases in a handy spot so you can peek and see if there's anything you might've missed! Trades and other collections are represented well at the store with mini-shops devoted to some of the industry's top drawing characters. My kids enjoy flipping through the sizable poster selection.If you have a nerdy special occasion coming think about one Comic Oasis' many statues and maquettes! Seriously, they have more of these things than I've ever seen in a storefront before. To sum up, my tip is to budget an extra twenty before you go because, if you're like me(and I hope for your sake, you're not)you will end up spending that too.
5	Comic Oasis in Las Vegas is a great Comic Shop with anything you need.  Helpful Staff, See Derrick - He is a great Guy will get you anything you need.  Many collectable cards games, board games and Collectables!  We are a game design and manufacturing company.  We have done several game  demos in their gaming area of our new game Orbit: Rocket Race 5000.  Hope our game can be in there soon!  Their customers were friendly and engaging.  You will not feel like an outsider you will feel at home.  Doc from 42 Games
5	I'm a nerd and I grew up on comics. There, I said it.The stories of Wolverine and the X-Men littered the floor of my parent's house, Batman posters hung in every nook and cranny of my room, I'd play Superman outside with my friends or pretend that my Huffy was actually a roaring Harley and I was Ghost Rider condemning souls to the underworld. Wow, that got dark pretty quickly, but it's the truth! I was a true child of the 90s in that I experienced the Copper Age of comic books in full effect. The resurgence of super heroes was everywhere and I was completely caught up in it just as much as the next kid on the playground. This fascination with the visual medium lasted well into my teenage years until hormones got the best of me and I traded Superboy for Playboy.It took me a while to come back to comic books, but when I finally realized that I missed the stories and that they delivered an experience you can't get in films or novels, Comic Oasis was there with open arms to deliver me to the Promised Land. Their staff is patient and knowledgeable and answered every question I had regarding my lapse in reading. My favorite aspect of this shop is the stock, it's packed from floor to ceiling but doesn't seem cluttered or messy at all. Do yourself a favor and check this place out when you're in the area, if I lived on the Northwest side of town, I'd be here every day just to gawk at the statues alone.And yes, although I'm 25 I still wear underwear on the outside of my shorts and play with action figures until the wee hours of the morning. Ladies?
4	Nice little comic shop.. I only read a few different comics, so I'm not sure what kind of selection they really have, but it seemed extensive. They definitely carried the ones I was looking for, at least. They have a small children's rack, and a (sadly small) selection of manga. They have filing cabinets that appear to be chock full of back issues of older comics, at least from the comments I overheard. They also have a nice selection of magic decks, some d&d books, and other games, as well as lots of collectible toys. Definitely will be back to this location.
5	I was never exposed to comics as a kid, so I never got into them. Had I been, I'm sure I would have always loved them. I decided that I would give comics a try and read The Walking Dead. I was hooked. Comic Oasis is a great place for a guy like me who has no idea what's going on in this comic world but loves comics to be. The staff is extremely nice and helpful and love talking about comics. I really enjoy being there almost as much as I enjoy reading the comics. I've been to a few other comic stores and I've yet to find one as cool as Comic Oasis. It feels like home. I definitely recommend Comic Oasis!!!
4	Coo spot to check out comics.. I was definitely on my big bang theory sh*t lol
5	I come here with my husband/for my husband, It's cool, I love the big pink octopus squishy, I want him so badly but he's like 150$  :( maybe some day!It was packed with guys playing with figurines and cards last time I came here, a word of advice...require showers or invest in a better ventilation/ air fresheners
1	We were making a large purchase of Magic Cards to run an employee tournament and called to see if they would price match.  We could get 3 boxes with overnight shipping of $40 for less than the cost of 3 boxes at the store and they refused to drop the price at all.Little Shop of Magic matched the price.  Glad we were able to support a local store and we clearly know where we are doing all of our future business.
4	Love to pass by this shop for some nicely priced back issues, I do not do my pull here because nothing is bagged and boarded first and its out of my way.  But they always have a lot of what I am looking for, sometimes not in NM condition, but beggars can't be choosers.
5	I love this shop. The location sucks but that's probably why I love it so much, they have everything I've been looking for when other shops in the city were sold out.
5	This place is great! The staff is amazing and helpful and love nerding out with customers. The owner, Derek, is a great guy and is a lot of fun to talk to about comics, movies, music, etc. They almost ALWAYS have what I'm looking for as far as trade paperbacks and graphic novels. I'm more of an insane reader of everything than a collector so this place is perfect for me. Yes, they don't have a HUGE selection of old back issues but if that's what you're into, go to velvet underground. But if you're a nerd like me and want to shop in a fun CLEAN atmosphere, then please checkout MY favorite comic shop.And they have the BEST selection as far as toys, statues, and figurines go in Vegas. Really fun to look at if your not a collector, and extremely tempting to buy if you are! I've seen figures etc. there that I can't find ANYWHERE on the internet.
2	The good: nice selection of new comics, graphic novels and random statues.  Owner was nice and seems to have good connections to the comic world I guess... but seems to think that his store has no problems.  The bad: very confusing store setup.  My wife could not reach many displays. My friend knocked over a display because it was up too high and was overloaded. The storage system for backstock was not consistant; it changed graphic novel to single issues on the same shelf.  The displays were too cluttered and close together.  The owner seemed to be pushing a new store venture to us that he was going into with a friend... I hope its better than this store because I was not impressed here. note to serious collectors ... this store only carries new issues from past year. Don't be fooled by previous pic of STAN LEE signing from a few years ago.
2	Comic Oasis is a good shop. It has your basic line-up of monthly comics and also offers some exclusives from time to time. The figures and toys lines are nice and can get a bit pricey. They have many alternative buying options like shirts, games, collectables, novels, all sorts of books. Most of the employees are nice and you can talk to them. I find they sometimes unpack comics on comic day at a slow pace and many times I have went in and there are boxes everywhere and no sign of my issues. Also they are awful with alternative covers and charge a ridiculous amount even for the most basic alts. They take advantage of customers and leave them looking at other shops around town for specific covers. They also charge for bags n boards even when having a comic box when other shops will bag n board your collection at no extra charge. This adds up when having multiple comics every week.
4	Been visiting Comic Oasis for my nerdy goodies for as long as I can remember.  For a while, it was the only game this side of town!  Comic Oasis is still kickin' today, and still offers you just about everything to fill your reading pleasures.  Comics, novels, manga, whatever you like they will have something for you.I visited again this past May for Free Comic Book Day (yes there is such a glorious thing), and I am still an adamant fan.  Needless to say, the line for the store was long!  Geeks, nerds, dorks, dweebs - us folks of all kinds were eagerly awaiting some free goodies.  FREE!  Without days like this how would the new blood be indoctrinated with such glee?  Comics are no longer just to be enjoyed by the light of a bathroom while sitting on the toilet (the Game of ALL thrones), no my friends.  With movies like The Avengers, X-Men, and even The Green Lantern, comics have finally made it's way to the untold masses!  A world of new readers are out there to enjoy the medium that has been here for decades.  Like Apocalypse in waiting, comics time is now here!I love Comic Oasis on Free Comic Book Day because of the layout.  Patrons are allowed one copy of each of the free comics that are handed out that day.  They even put out comics that aren't included on the official free comic book list!  That means, you can leave with a HUGE bag of quality reading, I left Comic Oasis with nearly two dozen FREE comics!  FREE!  Huge savings for little coin.  That's what the comic life is all about.  But don't be a douche, please if you did Free Comic Book Day, support your local comic book shop by visiting the store.  Comic Oasis was going some great stuff that day - demos, workshops, free sketches, and a great sale.  Toys, statues, variants, and back issues were all to be enjoyed for sale prices of up to 75% off.  Killer!  I walked away with some Batman figures that used to be $20 each, down to $5 a piece!  It feels good to give back.  If I had the money, I would have snatched up that Deadpool statue that was originally $300 on sale that day for $150.  Bargain indeed, the savings could have been used to buy some tacos to enjoy next to everyone's favorite assassin.Comic Oasis will be my first stop currently for the EPIC epicness that is Free Comic Book Day.  Avengers assemble!  Hulk smash!  I am Batman!  And all that other good stuff.
3	My favorite thing about this comic store is the fact that they just about always have a copy of something I'm looking for. They tend to order enough of books that come out. Other stores might be out but they will usually have some left. They have a bunch of figures and tons of books. Deforest will continue Coming in and maybe even subscribe for a box!
5	My son just loved this place!!!  Went by there the other day and they were GONE!!!!!!!!!!  Sucks
