4	I discovered this park on Yelp, and went there to exercise a couple of times last week.  This is a large park with a lot to offer.  Next to the parking area, there is a basketball court with three hoops (one on the side), and a small playground for children.  There is also a community center building with restroom facilities and an enclosed swimming pool for members only.  The b-ball court might be for members only, too (I'm not sure).  Down the slope are dual baseball/softball fields that face each other.  There are two concrete walkways around the perimeter of this field -- an outer and inner one.  The outer (or upper) walkway winds around above the slope, while the inner (or lower) walkway winds around the field at the base of the slope.  In my rough estimate, the perimeter of the upper walkway is probably about a third of a mile.There are some trees along the perimeter, many of which are still in their barren winter state now (in March), but whose foliage should provide some nice shade in the summer months.   The upper slope also veers off at the far end.  If you follow it, you'll pass another small playground for children, and then you'll pass between rows of fenced houses.  Soon you'll come upon a large carved stone statue of a hare with its paw seemingly wiping away a tear from its eye.  The hare is looking farther ahead at a warm circular concrete sitting area that has several metal benches where you can relax and enjoy the day.  Also in this seating area is a large stone carving of a victorious-looking tortoise, head held high.  A metal plaque in this seating area tells the fable of the tortoise of the hare.Beyond this point, the trail continues thru an underpass below Town Center Drive, but then runs into a closed gate.  The gate-code that opens it is presumably reserved exclusively for the residents whose houses the walkway continues to run between.The only drawback for me is that Willows Park is situated right next door to an elementary school.  When school gets out, the quiet residential street becomes clustered with cars parked by the roadside and lines of traffic at a crawl.  Other than that, it's a great park.
5	I have been coming to this park for the 10 years I've lived near it.  I used to walk to the park but now it's part of my regular bike trip on Sunday mornings.The park is divided into two sections--the walkway section with a children's play area  and the ball fields area.  The Summerlin website lists the walkway park as 4.6 acres of play area and walking trails and the ball field section as a 12.7 acre park.  Both sections have sidewalks.It makes it convenient to be able to go under Town Center Drive to get to/from the park.  The traffic is heavy at times, and this makes a nice shortcut.  For walking or biking, the sidewalks go around the large bowl of the ball fields both at the bottom level or along the top rim.  There's a set of stairs and a ramp to get to the top rim near the Willows Community Center and pool on the north side of the ball field area.This place is often busy with walkers getting their exercise, people walking their dogs, and parents watching their kids play.It's a wonderful place with lots of room.
4	It's green!  I love green parks.One of my best friends lives near here and I took full advantage of this park when I visit.  It's great for walking the dogs and there's a trail that takes you out into the neighborhood where you run into some large statues of a turtle, a hare, and a lion.  The field caters to baseball and soccer, and you often see leagues playing here.  There's also amphitheatre style seating, so you can just take in a relaxed day at the park.If I lived closer, I would be here more often.
5	This pool got us through the heat during our first summer in Las Vegas.  A large slide, a smaller slide for the littler ones, and a toddler area with a fountain feature dot the landscape.  The staff is young but helpful and although I am sure they bend the rules for some people, they seem to keep a strict and evenhanded enforcement policy for residents and guests only, changing the lifeguards every 20 minutes and making everyone get out of the pool every hour so the staff can take a break and check the water chemical levels.The place gets crowded on weekends so get there early.
5	This is the park I've been waiting for.  Two ball fields, a play area, a clubhouse with a pool, another play area, a basketball court, a sitting area, a tunnel under Town center with a secret exit on the other side of the street.  My daughter walks through the park to get to her school on the other side. It is nice, safe, and convenient.  I wish there was better parking for the park than the street blocking a lane of traffic but other than that, no complaints.  It is well maintained, the trash is always picked up and the grass is always green and trim.  Love it.
5	We love coming to this park with our daughter!  There are two kids playground areas, one right by the parking lot/basketball court, and another that is quite a bit larger on the opposite end of the park.  You will often find us there on Saturday/Sunday mornings sitting on a blanket in the shade, or walking on the well-lit paths in the evenings :)  There's a nice loop around the park that is great for biking/jogging/walking your dog.  The pool is open daily from June-August, and on the weekends in May/Sept.  It's filled with families...there is a nice shallow area for the little kids and a slide that even a 2 year old can go on by herself!
4	Perfect right now, my kids enjoyed playing soccer here and perfect for our little beagle too! The playground area is well maintained and clean, there were other families there too but not crowded and there were not any emo teenagers about...so perfect!
5	This is a great park for the fitness enthusiast.  With stairs, hills, basketball court,  baseball field, jungle gym and a loop for walking or running it really is one of the best parks I've visited for this purpose.  I believe if you are a Summerlin resident you also have pool privileges during pool season.  I have been in the mornings and I often see people letting their dogs loose.  I know it's probably against the rules but as a dog lover when this park is not crowded this is a great option as the park is so large and basin like in its design.
5	I love this park . it is situated in my neighborhood and its well maintained. I take my pup here for walks all the time ,she loves to meet new canine pals and people too. Most of the people are very friendly and like to stop and chat and let the dogs mingle. The area also has lots of wide open streets to explore. I am very pleased to be a part of this community. Coco also approves,woof woof !
