4	Great little deli.  Almost no seating, which is not a problem (I always get my food to go).  Its cheap, and you get a little thing of potato salad with it.  The food is fresh, and there are always specials.  I love it there.
5	Psst!  Wanna know about a great little deli?  Want some tiny place hidden within an office tower?  Want food that does not taste like cardboard (Subway, Jimmy Johns)?  C'mon with me to Yimmy's!  Just be prepared to get your sandwich to go.  Yimmy's has almost no seating.  This is a locally owned place.  It's the kind of place where you'll actually see the owner working there.  He'll make your sandwich for you.  He'll make recommendations for you.  He's open to suggestions and he makes changes to the menu himself.   I had me a ham-n-Swiss sub that was amazing!
5	Fantastic.
5	A great deli. The owner Yimmy (or Jimmy) is a great guy that makes great food. Convenient location if you are here for an event at the Convention Center. Definitely give it a try!
4	Yimmy's is located a little out of the way on Smithfield St in the Center/Centre City Tower that houses the offices of Huntington Bank.  During the winter, they prefer you use the revolving doors into the office building, and then use the inside entrance because there's a pretty significant draft if you use the street entrance.Yimmy's is in a pretty small space.  There is more kitchen than anything else, and the couple two-seater tables inside the place seem more like decoration than a useful place to sit down.The service is pretty friendly, and my wrap was delivered promptly.I opted for a special "Angry Bird Wrap" which is more or less grilled chicken pieces in a spicy sauce with spinach.  I chose the wheat wrap.  Today, I was looking for something good, reliable, healthy, and Yimmy's delivered.  The sandwich was tasty (if a bit small), was spicy ---- and different from other places in the area.  They are unique.While I might not make a special trip to go back, if you happen to be in the 600-block of Smithfield, you won't go wrong coming here for a quick lunch break.
4	unlike most business building cafeteria/sandwich places that lack quality and attention to detail, Yimmy's does not.  If you need something quick and need a sandwich or hot breakfast Yimmy's is the place.  Avoid all the othe corporate chains that use low quality food.  Boars Head meats and actual eggs prepared fresh, not from a processed egg patty. there are daily specials but i also recommend the the Club the Turkey and Roast Beef NuNu
5	Visited Yimmy's again today.  I love the fact that they have a moving specials menu.  Their choices of ingredient combinations are innovative, and fresh......... I opted for the turkey bacon wrap on sundried tomato.  It was great!Great deli!
5	Food is fresh, fast and GOOD! I love the Asiago Chicken and the Spin N  Chicken. There is a special I love too... I think its the Angry Chicken or something- All I know is that it has Jalapenos. I might need to go for lunch now!
5	Yimmy's never let's me down!  Whether I am getting a salad, a bowl of soup, or my FAVORITE black and bleu chicken wrap... It is always perfect.  The staff is beyond nice and the service is nice and fast... I will keep on going back!
5	this is restoring my faith in yelp! ... and wedding soups! best wedding soup i've had!! the broth was flavorful, the greens actually looked green, the carrots actually crispy, the sausage still tasted like sausage, and the pasta's not from last night! and they added fresh cheese (mozerella?) that melts into the pasta and greens! I had never been a big fan of wedding soup before, but i love theirs! and I got the roasted beef wrap, comes with roasted pepper and mushroom, yum! the horseradish almost made me cry (they were light on the sauce, i just was never good with horseradish), but it was so good I love it. a note on the service: my friend wanted to get the ice cream but didn't want it to melt; but she also didn't have cash and there's a credit card minimum. so the staff told her to leave it in the freezer and grab it at the end of her meal. and when we left at the end of our meal, he actually chased out to make sure she grabbed her ice cream. excellent service!
5	I was in the mood for a sandwich so I looked around yelp for something suitable not too far from work and Yimmy's popped up. Perfect. I headed on over and looked at the menu... okay, looks like it's only daily specials (always or just when I went?) but there were two up on the board that sounded good. Buffalo chicken salad and a Turkey Olive Swiss Wrap. Well, I'm a sucker for turkey so I ordered the wrap on a sundried wrap, I hate olives, so I was taking a gamble with this, but let me just say it was amazing!There were two very small tables, but I wasn't going to stay anyway, the dude at the table had ordered the salad and I was almost jealous of it. It looked so tasty. There were also three soups on the menu, all of which sounded great. I'm sure I will be back in the cold winter months for that!
5	Yimmy's is one of the most solid delis downtown.Today I chose the Roast Beef and Havarti Melt with the Chicken Tortilla soup. Winning combination, both were great.Timmy's continues to rock the lunch scene on Smithfield between 6th and 7th avenues near Strawberry Way.
5	Phenomenal chicken tortilla soup and blackened chicken wrap. Disappointed I waited so long to try this place. Really great!
4	Tried this place for the first time, looking for a quick bite for lunch.  All reviews of this place are accurate.  I got the Jack's Corned Beef as a wrap and it was solid.  The guys there are friendly, and the food is quick yet good.  I highly recommend this place if you have 30 or less for lunch.
5	Yimmy's is truly a delight. Yimmy's was one of those establishments that I just bustled past work day after work day. Until a lovely co-worker of mine invited me to join her there for lunch one day and off I went.  I did not know ahead of time what a pleasantly filling and hearty lunch I was in for. Yimmy's is a true hole in the way on the ground floor of a busy office space. It's located on Smithfield. On the inside there are two tiny tables that just barely fit inside of the restaurant. I am no sandwich girl so I played it safe and opted for a ham and cheese.  This sandwich knocked my socks off. It was piled high with salty chipped ham and two thick slices of American cheese, freshe romanie lettuce , tomato and just the right amount of mayo, with a pickle spear. Thanks Yimmy's you make a mean sandwich that left me well fed and happy for the rest of the day.
4	This was my first stop to Yimmy's Deli but it won't be my last. A cute little place that only has a few tables so expect a take out experience. The menu is rather large an has the usual deli stuff but I love to try specials. The lady at the counter led me like a dog on a leash!I went with the Chicken Artichoke Focaccia sandwich with pickle and a bowl of the Cheesy Potato soup. The portion was great, the taste was even better. I think the pictures below speak for themselves. This place is worth a visit for sure.
2	Have to say...this place is over-rated.  I visited Pittsburgh for business.  I went to this place based on previous Yelp reviews.  Well, the sandwich was average at best.  The soup (Wedding) was less than desire.  There are more other eating options in the Downtown area.  Not to say that this place is worst than others.  But, it certainly does not deserve the four and half stars rating.
5	Stopped in here today and got the special plus a cup of soup and bottle of water for $13.The special was a roast beef melt on a pretzel bun, and it was AMAZING! That Yimmy's really does rock it.  The Wedding Soup was fresh and delicious and even though I am now stuffed, I. want. more.
5	Sometimes late to the party, I recently discovered this great lunch spot called Yimmy's and I am in love.  A tiny little spot, there are a couple of table tucked inside, if you care to enjoy your lunch here.  But for me, I always grab and run back to the office.Their soups are homemade and delicious.  And so are their daily special sandwiches and salads. They also offer vegetarian and gluten free soups.  Examples are Carrot Soup and Butternut Squash & Apple Soup.  But for me, my current crush is the Buffalo Chicken Salad complete with a little hard boiled egg and a crispy slice of bacon.  Who doesn't love a little bacon?  The lettuce is always fresh and they also mix in a little fresh spinach. The chicken is perfectly cooked.  Yum.  And the price is right, about 8 bucks for a good sized salad.  They post their daily specials on Facebook.  And they even post pics showing their creations.  The latest was JimBo's werewolf Guinness stew.  And Frankenstein's Kale.  Yes, they do themes.  Plus, this week, "The Night of The Living Dead" was on their flat screen, so your wait time seemed to fly by!  I have also been told to watch for their hamburgers, because they are amazing.  I love their treats, too.  They bake up fun cookies, this week they were making Drunken Pumpkin Cookies.  Great lunch spot.  But wait, there is more.  They do breakfast!  My coworker runs out for their scrambled eggs, toast and bacon and raves about it.
1	The quality of food is good, but other than that... it's overpriced, unclean and the owner is very unprofessional.
