4	Fabulous meat & cheese assortment! (must sample!)Delicious sandwiches!High-end specialty food & culinary products!Good wine & beer selection!Extremely friendly & knowledgable owners!Quaint atmosphere, love the patio option!Decent prices, reasonable for the top quality!Service above & beyond!Wish great success!We will be returning... often!
4	This isn't a complete review as I just stopped in for a sandwhich...but if the rest of Wedge and Bottle is as good as what I ate...it's a winner.I had the #3 Barber's Cheddar, Turkey Galantine, Grate Root's Orange Lemon Premium Horseradish, and Dijon Mustard on Sourdough Bread ...and must say, it was the best sandwhich I've had in a long time - what a difference quality ingredients make.Plan on returning for sure!!
5	If you like LGO and Cheauvront you will love Wedge and Bottle. The choices of cheese and charcuterie are first rate. Sit for a bit with a glass of wine or specialty beer and cheese plate either at one of the neat little tables inside or out on the patio. Pastas, honey,jams, olives, gourmet salts, crackers are just a few of the flavor filled offerings they have. There are sandwiches to fill your hunger need. If they could just start carrying MJ bread and local Queen Creek Olive Mill products! The staff is friendly, very knowledgeable and ready to help you make a selection for cocktail hour or dinner at your house tonight. Don't be afraid to try any of the samples they love to share. Their goat cheeses and triple cream Bries are savory and inspire fabulous pairings with the bottles of wine they carry.
5	Clean, great uncluttered set-up, good selection of interesting beer & wine.  The snack trays they featured were well thought out and a good value for the price.  When I asked for suggestions to "take it up a notch" we got two more offerings of cheese exactly the right flavors (Smoked Bleu YUM and a Fronch....something something  Double Yum!)This is a great place to pick up some noshies for your next social gathering - you will look sophisticated and trendy without much effort.  This is a great place to meet your friends for a nice glass and some munchies.This is a GREAT place.  SUPPORT your local business folks, they work hard.SUGGESTION:  Print those nifty newsletters and put them on the counter to help people like me remember what they wanted to order  :)
3	Pretty solid, went here for lunch last week and am happy to see a place like this in Ahwatukee.  Nice little shop with 20-30 nice imported cheeses which Krista offered to let us taste a few times, and a good selection of cured meats and salumi's.  They have a bunch of gourmet products on the shelves, alot of them are local and almost all have samples out so you can taste before you buy.  I had the mortadella, gouda and peach chutney on rye, and my wife had the turkey, barbers cheddar, horseradish with dijon on sourdough.  Both were pretty good, served panini style.  They were pretty heavy and rich for a sandwich, would recommend the side salad over the chips just to balance the richness. Krista was super friendly and more than willing to answer any questions regarding the store and products.  I only had the sandwiches this time but am looking forward to going back.
2	I was excited for this place to open to get my hands on some exotic cheese and wine.  There are some unique options in there, but not really.  Overall I was unimpressed and I think it is going to be a difficult task with said few options when directly next door there is a Trader Joe's.
5	In my never-ending quest for knowledge I took a Cider & Cheese Pairing Class tonight.  I think it was graduate level (?) not a Frosh in sight!Um. YUM.  The guy from Crispin was there to educate us on their offerings (gluten free for you celiacs in the crowd).  Interesting tidbits of information and a nice progression of flavors.  VERY FUN.The cheese?  What can I say? Goat, Cow & Sheep.  All good in their own special way.  Soft stuff.  Stuff with rinds.  Stuff that smelled very good and stuff that just flat out smelled.  All tasty!  This place sends out fun little email newsletters on a regular basis, sign up and you too will learn about CLASSES you can take!Step Away from the Valveeta & Can of Chili.  STOP HERE before you have people over to the house.  Impress them with fresh cheeses, olives, capers, wine, cider, beer, crackers.
5	I am extremely happy to have found a great new proper Cheese and Charcuterie shop in the valley! I worked for several years as a Fromagier in a French restaurant, and I CRAVE proper cheese.  My girlfriend and I stopped by last week and sampled two sandwiches and a custom plate of cheese and meats. We started with the #1 and #2 Sandwiches.The #1 was Asiago, Prosciutto, The Girl & The Fig Black Mission Fig Jam, and Balsamic Vinegar on Marble Rye Bread. Very nice crunch from the marble rye followed by the richness of the cheese and meat and the nice tangy finish for the Fig Jam and Balsamic.The #2 was Fresh Chevre, Fra Mani Salami Toscano, and Sicilian Cherry Tomato Spread on Multi-Grain Bread . My favorite of the two. The toasted bread and extremely soft goat's cheese were an amazing sensation. With just a bit more acidity in the finish, this could be one of my all time favorite sandwiches.We had 3 cheeses(Clothbound Cheddar, idiazabal, and Pt. Reyes Blue) along with Fennel Salami and Air Cured beef(Bresaola) that were both from my FAVORITE meat shop in New York, Salumeria Biellese. Truly old world artisanal sausage makers.Can't wait to go back and spend more time here and support this wonderful little shop.
5	I went here for the first time last weekend for lunch and was pleasantly surprised at the selection of sandwiches and drinks available.  We also got a meat & cheese tray to sample some of the varieties they carry in store.  I was also so happy to see that they carry many local wines, such as my favorite, Stronghold!But be advised, this is definitely a spot for the adventurous eater.  There are a lot of unique ingredients so if you are looking for just a normal sandwich, this is not the place to get it.
5	We went the first time for some cheese.  Excellent.  We went the second time for some sandwiches.  We had the #2 and #3.  Excellent again!! Both sandwiches were beyond delicious.  The food, the prices, the quantities, the quality, the presentation, are all absolutely wonderful!!
4	I love wine...... and I love cheese!!!!YAY!So happy this place is new in my neighborhood!4/5 stars because many times they don't have proper stinky cheese.  Come'on!  I need me some epoisses!  Tallegio!  Langres!
5	Finally, a legitimate cheese shop with a great selection of wine, meats, pasta and gifts!  Great shop to run in and grab a fabulous gift basket to go for that perfect hostess gift or just because.We loved our little 4 cheese platter with nuts, yummy olives, crackers and fruit.Very nice staff and a clean small setting for either a Happy Hour or a light meal with a stellar glass of wine to accompany.They are still small, but you have to start somewhere and although limited seating their selection of cheese, wine and meats is awesome and we managed to find a table.  You can eat inside or out and I suggest you sip on your first glass of wine or beer to let the cheese get to the right temp that the flavors come out and BAM....you'll love this little spot.Thank you Wedge & Bottle!
5	I really like this wine and cheese store. They always have great selection of pretty much everything I enjoy as far as cheese and meats goes. Spanish Chorizo, many different types of prosciutto, salami's, and of course cheese. My favorite is the reblochon but hold onto your hats if you've never had it because it's the stinkiest, tastiest thing I've had outside of France. Langres unfortunately is illegal in the US. Write to your congressman, tell them they are destroying the American dream of stinky cheese.I also like their wine and beer selection. Lots of Arizona wines and they even have a Sangiovese I really enjoy.While you're there, also check out the wall art, (I know shameless self-promotion) but I really creating art and hope more people get to see my fine art photography work. Some of the pieces I have hanging in there were taken in the valley, Hawaii, and all around the world.
4	Finally!  A cute little wine and cheese shop in Ahwatukee.  I haven't had any cheese yet, but I will on Tuesday night when we go for Dan H's art premiere.  I did enjoy a lovely glass of champagne and I must say that a glass of champagne first makes my Trader Joe's shopping all the more pleasurable.
5	My new favorite place in Chandler. The food is excellent. The items they sell in the store are unique and delicious and the staff is incredibly friendly and knowledgeable.Don't be fooled by the imported cheese and meat selections at your local supermarkets. Wedge & Bottle truly takes the time to choose the best of the best when it comes to their offerings. They will give you a back story all the way from the name of the farm and owner that their products come from, along with the reasons they decided to carry it. Icing on the cake? Wine and Cheese Pairing classes. Cider and Cheese Pairing. Monthly Wine Tasting. These aren't your Bevmo "wine tastings", where they try to sell you the flavor of the week. Everything at Wedge & Bottle represents a true love for the art of fine food and drink.
5	1st time here, came in 45 mins before they close, but Krista was great about us staying until 7:20 to finish our cheese plate & prosecco. She was willing to chat about cheese & their shop as long as we would engage her, even though she had things to do for closing.We had the cheese board, and Krista cheerfully replaced a newer Gouda with an aged Gouda we had enjoyed sampling. She suggested the prosecco with our choices, which was a great idea. We had Ewephoria, a sweet, mild smooth sheep's milk Gouda; Gorgonzola Picante, a cow blue cheese; and an aged Gouda we didn't take note of, but it was butterscotch-y, crystals throughout (yum), and very orange.They do have a great selection of beers and wines, olive oils, jams, etc, and they have great product & offerings expansion ideas as the business profits...WE WILL BE BACK!
5	Amazing little place for lunch! We really liked the atmosphere and we were the only ones dining there for lunch on a Saturday! I had sandwich #1 and it was superb! It was nice they had some samples out to try too. The kids even liked it there!
5	My girlfriend i love, love, love this place. Excellent food, beers, and wine to enjoy on premises.   Friendly, helpful, and funny staff.  A wonderful grocery to shop from, and an amazing selection of cheese and wine.  It's a total foodie destination.  This place is fantastic.  Ahwahtukee (and Phoenix in general) needs more quality driven, food and wine centric places like this.
5	I've been back to Wedge and Bottle a half dozen times, and never been dissapointed! You can read my full review at http://forkvsfood.com/wedge-and-bottle-review/
4	Great cheese, and impeccable service, but a bit pricey.
4	Finally, a very good cheese shop in Phoenix.  You can find good cheese at Whole Foods or AJs, but it's always the same cheese week in and week out.  Wedge and Bottle's cheese selection is seasonal and they have a nice rotation going.  They do focus more on the American cheeses, so some of my favorite French, Spanish, and Swiss cheeses are impossible to come by, but they've found cheeses in the U.S. that have been inspired by great European cheeses (e.g., Vacherin Mont d'Or).  Prices are higher than your cheese shops on the East Coast, which was a bit surprising.
5	I am so glad to have a great wine and cheese shop in Ahwatukee!  They have quality product, the staff knows their stuff, and the wine tastings/classes are great.
4	I was literally scared of going in here for a few months after it opened, because I know nothing about cheese and wine. The place is so small that I thought as soon as I walked in, I'd be sniffed out as an amateur and tables full of socialites would begin laughing at me as they stared through their monocles. Not at all! It is very friendly and unassuming. The staff is laid back and helpful, and they appear to have many great little plates on offer. My wife and I stopped in just for a glass of wine, and it was very nice.I can't wait to go back and try some of their meat and cheese offerings--it looks like a great place to have a relaxed and quiet lunch.
5	I just want to say, I LOVE this place! It is a small boutique wine and cheese store and I have never been disappointed by either the wine OR the cheese! They have wine tastings in store on a regular basis and I have discovered many great wines. The last tasting was Arizona wines (I love to be able to buy AZ wines!) and I discovered a couple new ones! They also have cheese plates available for holidays and special occasions. Although I am a cheese novice, I have always enjoyed the pre-selected plates. But you can make up your own too from their terrific selections. This is a small Mom and Pop operation, and I encourage you to stop in and keep them in business! They bring a wonderful product and ambiance to the valley. Why buy bad cheese and cheap wine from a grocery store, when you can have 'nirvana' from this local shop!?
5	Although the cheese plates are wonderful.......have you tried any of their grilled cheese sandwiches?  They are to-die-for!  My favorite has a fig jam with just the right amount of cheese and lightly grilled....not greasy...... on delicious bread!You can get a small salad or a bag of chips to go with your sandwich, I say why not have both!  Pair this with a perfect glass of wine and you have a nice light dinner that is quite filling. Make sure to check out their website for regular wine tastings and events.  I'm super excited for the upcoming Sangria Saturday!
3	It would be great if they had a list of different cheeses and other items (almonds, fig jam, etc.) and you paid like $14 for pick 5, $16 for pick 6, etc.  We had a large group and everyone ended up getting nearly the same thing.  Also, FYI, the place is small - do not come with a large group.  Seemed nice though, and I liked their classes.  The cheese sandwich was good.
4	Grab a cheese plate for lunch once in a while.  Love that the cheeses change weekly.My only problem is that the craving usually hits me on Monday...They are closed on Mondays! :(
5	I don't think Ive ever given a 5 star review, well here ya gogreat products, great owners, great atmosphere. you wont be let down if you are a connoisseur of great cheese and other delicatessens...even the cider was unique, can they do no wrong?
5	I just love this place and especially love the fact that I live within walking distance. They always have a nice selection of meats, cheese, wine and beer. Their sandwiches are super yummy too. The thing that I like most though is that this husband and wife team are passionate about what they do and always have the best recommendations. Cute little spot.
5	My favorite place in Ahwatukee! Krista and Troy are the nicest people. With an awesome selection of cheese, wine, craft beer, artisan foods and more there's something for all the foodies. Plus check out their calendar for special events.
4	A strip mall in Ahwatukee is home to the Arizonian best cheese shop I've ever been to.- Rennet types are listed & very much appreciated.- Sammiches are all varieties of cheesy and bready, but consistently quality. - The selection of cheese truffles will make you forget you're in a strip mall in Ahwatukee. It's pricey, but it's worth it. Sit outside, get some cheesy morsels, and revel in it. Can't get enough? Also bring a metric sh*t ton of goodies home with you, then say to your significant other, "We don't need no money, baby, we got everything we need right here." *smile and point to massive assortment of cheeses that just cost you the remnants of your joint bank account*
5	This is our favorite local place and we come here as much as possible! We go in for wine tasting, beer tasting, cheese eating, sandwiches, salads...or just when we want a glass of wine in a comfortable, familiar place. Krista and Troy (and also Liz and Kat) are always so welcoming and make us feel at home. The quality of the products here is top notch, and their ever-changing/growing selection of wines, cheeses and meats is great!! Stop in if you have the chance! Get on their e-mail list and then you'll get to know in advance about all of their fab events!
5	I'm going to keep this review short because I have no other cheese shops to compare this one too, but I can't imagine anything else I'd want.On Saturdays they have bread from some local bread place that's great.On every day, they have just a ton of cheeses and meats and they're always really willing to let you taste things to figure out what you like or what you need.  They're really knowledgable about wine and cheese and meat and beer, but they don't act superior or anything, so when I walk in there and have NO IDEA WHAT I'M DOING they are super helpful and everything ends up great and I walk out of there happy.You can stop in for lunch or dinner or whatever but most of the time I'm just coming in for some bread and cheese and meat, but it's a good atmosphere either way.  It's nice to enjoy their outdoor seating and look at the people going to yoga or whatever and just have a good time.
5	One of my favorite places.  Excellent meat and cheese choices with wines, beers, various drink choices and a nice selection of "goodies" that complement these items. The Owners are knowledgeable & personable.  We have eaten in and enjoyed a glass of wine on the patio, as well as stopped by for various items to bring home.  A very quality establishment.
5	I don't know very much about cheese and wine, but everything I had here tasted great to me.  The meat and cheese board is a great way to sample a variety of flavors, plus a good excuse to grab a glass of wine.  The sandwiches are tasty too.  Nice balance of ingredients and bread with a crunchy-gooey texture.  Too often I cannot decide whether to go with a sandwich or a meat/cheese plate.  All I know is whatever I choose will not disappoint.  I am never a big fan of outdoor seating when it stares at the parking lot, but they managed to make it as classy as possible.  I still prefer to sit inside which is bright and cozy, with a bit of urban flair.  Seriously when I am inside, I forget that I am in Tukee.  I plan to try one of their tastings next.  Please come support this local business so it sticks around and educates us all about good food, wine, and beer!
5	Love the sandwiches here, and of course the wine! I love to browse the products they have, I always find great gifts, we are also big fans of the ghost pepper salt! One of our favorite places in Ahwatukee!
4	Great selection of cheese and some very nice wines. Go when they are serving raclette. It's awesome!
5	I adore Wedge and Bottle. I'll start with the #3 cheese sandwich because I have eaten it a lot. A lot, a lot. Why? Probably because I love horseradish and cheese and together they are magical. If you're feeling particularly hungry, get it along with the tomato soup for a gourmet comfort food combination. Other reasons to love Wedge and Bottle include, but are not limited to: the ever-changing selection of quality wines and cheeses and the knowledge of Krista and Troy to help you choose among them; the selection of craft beers and ciders; the grocery where you can get small batch chocolates, quality crackers, spreads, salts, honey and so much more; the wine and cheese of the month club, which I have had the good fortune to take part in 6 months running and have not once been disappointed in; the frequent and affordable wine tastings....I could go on like that for quite a while. There is always something new next to our favorites and we are always welcomed with a smile. Go here often. You won't regret it.
5	This place is a very low-key spot for meat/cheese/wine. Omg they have an amazing supply of all three. Some of everthing. Im sure they know alot of everything and even gave me a cheese tasting of one of the cheeses and it was so good,  i gave up and let them pick for me. I'll be back and for more. Good pricing and great selection. See you soon.
5	Awesome cheese shop! Sandwiches and cheese platter are amazing. They also have bacon that they cut by the slice as well as some other meats. I will definitely be back.
5	Love Wedge & Bottle! I order their grilled cheese & tomato soup all the time and it is amazing! The owners are super kind and the customer service, atmosphere and product quality are all amazing. I love their ice coffee, its not on the menu but it is made to perfection so ask about it next time your in. Hidden gem of Ahwatukee!
5	This place is awesome.  We shared two sandwiches and both were very very good. Great taste and high quality.  The house cab, which was only 6 bucks, was awesome.  Lots of cool cheeses and spreads to buy but they are a little on the pricey side.  Pretty divers menu for a small place.  Highly recommend.
5	I love this place. It's a little old school compared to newer cheese places in the city, but when you need to overnight a cool gift to somebody they fit the bill. Excellent service from a very knowledgeable staff.
5	A Makkah for cheese lovers.They have probably the best cheese selection any where in Phoenix. Lovely cold cuts, bread, olives. We bought everything for our flight to AZ and made the best sandwich with the ingredients.I only wished I lived close by as I would be visiting this gem of a shop everyday. If yo are in Soho, then spend a few minutes at this food institution.
