2	This location has changed my experience with Dr. Izenberg. He is the only reason I am now a patient at this office. Previously there wasn't much wait and things went smoothly at his old location. At the new location I wasn't able to see the Dr. Until 1.5 hours after my scheduled appt. think twice before scheduling if you have other things you need to accomplish that day.
1	The only reason I am here is because my PCP joined this practice .  I love my doc, but the front office (3 women) ignored me while I stood there waiting to check in, so I 'm not sure I will be back. The waiting room is small with benches along the windows and lots of back to back chairs.  I have been itchy since I sat down.  My appointment was for 4 pm and I just found out at 4:15 that my doctor still has to see 3 patients ahead of me.  So far I'm not really impressed.  I love Dr. Izenberg but I not happy about this office,
5	I have seen many providers in this office and have been satisfied every time.  The wait time is not that bad and the quality of the providers is worth the wait.  The staff is friendly and to be able to do all my testing and labs in one place is fantastic!
2	My child goes to see a Doctor here. The front desk crew is not very welcoming or very nice. They have to finish theory conversations before helping anyone standing at the counter. Their customer service skills are way below par for being in the medical industry. No bedside manners at all. The lady who takes blood is very mean....if you hate your job, find another profession. The reception area and front desk area are extremely dirty, does anyone know how to dust or sweep? I only give this place a 2 stars because my child likes the Doctor (no complaints about the doctor). Also, if my appointment is at 3, I expect to be in no later then 10 minutes after. I've already been here for 30 minutes over and counting just to get lab work done. Not acceptable! We are in the process of searching for a new doctor.
1	Dr Izenberg is the ONLY reason we go to this office. I have been a patient of his for over 20 years & have had excellent care. The office staff at this office is absolutely horrible. Incompetent & rude!I stood at the front desk while a staff member completely ignored me while texting on her phone. If you call the office you are placed on a never ending hold & usually hung up on a few times before you actually speak to someone. My health insurance company could not even get through-they were placed on hold for 18 minutes before they hung up. What happened to Desiray? She was the only pleasantemployee there & now she is gone???
1	Another visit, another wait of over an hour and I am still in the waiting room. Dr. David is great but this is just so ridiculous and it happens every single time.It's not 6:02 and my appointment was at 3:30 and I STILL have not seen the doctor. They close at 5, I feel like this is a episode of PUNKED!
