1	"Hi, can you do an oil change for a 95 BMW 530i?""Umm...I'm not sure can you hold?""Sure""What kinda car was that again?""Oh, a 1995 BMW 530i""Umm...what year?""Dude, I just said 1995.""Oh, yea. Ok. Well what series? A 3, 5 or 7 series?""OMG, I said it's a 530i, so I guess that makes a 5 series don't  ya think?""Umm..I'll have to get my manager.""Hi this is Dale, can I help you?""Great. Dale, can you do an oil change on a 1995 530i?""Hmmm...what size engine is it?""Dude, I have no freakin' clue what size engine it is. And I had no idea it was so complicated to look this information up so just forget it."CLICK...
3	I found myself in a worrisome situation and in a jiffy, all was back in order. I am out of town on a road trip and while driving to dinner last night a warning light came on.  I checked my owners manual (can you believe it was actually in the car) and it said to check my oil level.After considering my options, I decided to give Jiffy Lube a call.  Surely they can just add a quart so I don't have to find a Pep Boys?After reading the reviews on Yelp I was concerned that I would get the run around.  I think Jiffy Lube is like any multi-location business.  Some are good and some are not so good.  It all depends on the store manager.  I happened to luck out I think.  The manager at this location is named Joe and he told me to just come in and they would help out.  Initially he referred me to a closer location, but when I called them I got the standard - "We only will change your oil, we do not just do quarts".  So I called Joe back and he said come on in.Well, exactly as I thought, I needed a few quarts to get me back on the road.  Joe said he would just top it off for me for FREE since they will do that for customers (I never knew).  I thanked him and handed him $5 bucks anyway as this really put my mind at ease.I am back in Road Warrior shape and somewhat relieved.Thanks Joe !!
1	If you like your mechanics covered in tattoos, with a huge chip on their shoulder, and brimming with self-loathing that they direct outwardly to their customers, then this place is for you!!
5	Very fast professional and friendly service. Never pushy with add on services or products that I didn't want or ask for and i love the $14.00 off coupon as well! Thanks guys I will definitely be back.  In and out in 15 mins!!!
4	I will not go to any other Jiffy Lube for an oil change.  They are not pushy and very friendly. Super fast too!
2	I'll move this from a 1 star review to a 2 only because the young man helping me out was friendly - the rest of the experience was a damned disaster.Pros:+ They changed my Oil.+ Previously mentioned worker was friendly.Cons:-$140 for oil, tire rotation, air filter.-97 minutes from the time I pulled up till the time I left.-Restroom (air conditioned) smells better than the lobby (not air conditioned)-Roaches (both in the restroom and lobby)-$1.50 for a can of soda (only cold thing in the lobby)-Television in the lobby set at volume of 50, buttons broken so it cannot be turned off, turned down, or have the channel changed from Zoomba infomercials.-I was not allowed to drive my car into the shop - I had to let a sweaty greasemonkey do that.  He was literally dripping wet.- Have already sent three pieces of spam to my e-mail box despite not saying they'd do so when asking for my e-mail.
5	I recently moved from Idaho, and Jiffy Lube has always been my #1 choice. I only hoped I'd find a Phoenix location that exceeded my expectations the way my Idaho locations did. The verdict? Fantastic service! Thanks guys. Let me tell you that I don't know crap about cars. I went there thinking my oil needed changed because my car was making a strange noise (turned out to be a belt). I was past the 3,000 mile mark on my car and thought maybe the employees could see if some fluids were low or otherwise just change my oil. After 10 minutes of waiting the gentleman informed me my oil is 60% full and pretty much branch new. All fluids were full too. He said I could change my filter if needed, and even then it wasn't necessary. He also said my issue sounded more like a belt problem. Meanwhile, without me actually paying for a service the other guys were wiping down my dash and windows! I felt no pressure to purchase anything since I really didn't need to. I felt embarrassed for thinking that I needed an oil change, but the guys didn't treat me any differently. They were genuine, friendly, honest people. I will 100% be back to PURCHASE a service when my car is ready! It's service like this that makes me gladly pay a little more here than a cheaper place with sub-par service. Keep up the great work!
3	This Jiffy Lube is close to my house.I needed an incredibly over due oil change before making a trip to Apache Junction for work... and left the deed until the morning of.  Poor planning on my behalf.But these fellas had me fixed up quick.  New oil, tires rotated, and they vacuumed up the inside for me.The waiting room is tiny. Nothing special.  But I'm not coming here for a great place to hang out with friends or a tasty cup of joe, just an oil change.  And I got it.
5	Friendly staff and honest work.  Thank you!
