5	a great place!! sevice was professional and friendly. loved curry chicken, bulgogi (korean style marinated beef) and sweet & sour pork. I went to this place early evening, but i think it will be a good place for late night also. They have special tables with colored lights,  large screens on the wall and a bar in the middle. fancy local bar with great foods!! I will definitely come back to this place and look forward to trying other menu items.
5	Great food, atmosphere and friendly staff.  My favorite food there is the shrimp tempera.  Will be going back for more!
4	Went to this Korean restaurant/lounge over the weekend for the very first time. Right when you walk into the place you get this WOW factor. The tables around the upper section the restaurant/lounge have led lighting. It gives the place a very upscale feel. There was a happy hour special, 50% off beer and soju, but it ended at 8:00pm and I arrived to late. Will definitely be going back for a drink here.
5	Great food!!! Friendly staff!  You like Korean food then come try this hot place out!! New business with style!  Most importantly, the price is very reasonable!!!
5	Great food , great atmosphere ...a real good place to hangout with friends ! I would definitely recommend this place! hey just go and see.. then u know how its cool
5	Wow! I just had to say that I love the environment! It's almost like a small night club except that there was only one problem when I arrived; the place was completely empty! I was pretty much the only person inside the whole entire bar and it was night time! I also had no idea that this was a korean owned lounge before I came in but who cares, it was excellently designed! There was so much room to move around, the tables have cool flashy lights, they have giant screen tvs show casing korean music videos, korean pop rock, a sports bar right in the middle with all the variety of drinks you can imagine, plus they also they have party nights on the weekend! They also informed me that they will add a karaoke machine and a pool table inside in the future to make the place even more exciting. Any how, the staff members told me that they've opened 2 months ago, they still consider it a "grand opening" and it's been going quite slow. I couldn't understand why, they have absolutely invested so much profit into making this place so excellent I don't understand how anyone wouldn't want to come back. The location also isn't too hidden in my opinion as well. During my stay, I didn't try any korean liquor but they definitely have some if anyone is looking to take a chance. I've remained relatively sober so I stuck with the food they served instead. I remembered that I chose some sort of korean barbeque beef along with rice and it was sweet and excellently done. They also provided me with free kimchi to go along with it. Keep in mind though, you probably need above 10 dollars to try one of their authentic dishes unless you are only going for the appetizers. Special high end alcohol is also quite expensive, but if you are looking to stick with beer, wine, or a shot of whisky, you are in good company.  I see a bright future for this place, it should get better with more available customers, and it will probably be one of my local hubs when I need to chill after work/school at night. So I'm definitely going back.
5	As per another review, when we came here it was EMPTY. Our group of friends were the ONLY people in the place... But guess what?! It was TONS of fun!!! We came for happy hour and stocked up on Soju and Beer - No happy hour food specials. Yet anyway. They set up was very nice looking, huge screens playing Korean pop videos, light up tables with comfy booths and benches to sit around. Our waitstaff was VERY nice (and cute) and attentive and we all had a super fantastic time eating and drinking. We ordered a bunch of different menu items including these yummy chicken wings with just a little kick to them. Yum! Corn Cheese, Bulgogi, Kimchi jigae, chicken katsu... Everything was pretty good. And after we had ordered all the beer and soju tbey gave us somw complimentary eggs! Yup. Eggs!!! They brought out a hot plate and cracked those bad boys and let them sizzle! We thought it was very strange, but cool and we ate them up! Im giving five stars cuz we had so much fun there! I guess it is set up like bars in K Town (LA) and I would definitely go back!!Hookah would also be a great addition to the lounge!
4	First time here, it's very Korean !With multiple LED tables and 8 projectors playing sports and Kpop videos. Soon to add gaming as well. It's a huge space. Good service !
4	You had me at Shrimp with Mayo!When I heard a group of friends were meeting here for some Soju, I couldn't say no after seeing the menu.Happy Hour from 6-8pm is a good deal to try some of their soju. All drinks are half priced. The Strawberry Soju was like kool-aid, but I fell in love with the Yogurt Soju...tasted like a creamsicle! Plain bottles of soju can be consumed as well, it's smooth and has more kick than it's flavored counterpart. There is beer as well if you're not the adventurous type.So onto the food. I got my Shrimp with Mayo (15$) batter dipped decent sized shrimp were crisp and tasty with a sweet sauce covering them. I would've loved a spicy dipping sauce on the side to cut some of the sweetness. Their portion was big, so I encourage sharing. So we also got the Cheese Pork Cutlet...OMG! Yum! I'd go back just for the food.Love the atmosphere with the light up color changing tables. Lots of room, not crowded. Staff was pretty good about keeping up with us. The  K-Pop videos playing in the background is an interesting "something different" to watch and listen to while enjoying your food and drink. A downside was that there were some smokers in the bar and we got wiffs of it at times, but it wasn't "smoky" like a lot of places and it also gets really loud.Thank you again for Yelp, otherwise we would've never even known this place existed.
3	My first time to 21...it's a small Korean restaurant and bar, hiding in a small shopping mall on Sahara and Jones.  It's behind the chicken place and the car dealer in the same parking lot.The drinks here are decent priced during happy hour from 6pm-8pm. I think most of the soju was $5-7, beers and liquor also half price.  If you are drinking after HH, it will add up pretty quick, but it's still somewhat reasonable.  A few pics of the soju :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/21-restaurant-and-lounge-las-vegas?select=mj1LuRGmDazfQG4qdI2Bww#mj1LuRGmDazfQG4qdI2Bwwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/21-restaurant-and-lounge-las-vegas?select=riCptxyXj389MtNOd1vZvg#riCptxyXj389MtNOd1vZvgThe food was not very amazing IMO...and it definitely felt very expensive for what it was. The Bulgogi was not very mentionable! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/21-restaurant-and-lounge-las-vegas?select=WxSUfqeGiMhFRlBN2xRxpw#WxSUfqeGiMhFRlBN2xRxpwIf a Korean joint doesn't make great bulgogi, I don't have high expectations for the rest of it. Didn't have much flavor, and the meat had no crisp or char on the edges at all...they must slow cook it here or something.Kart ordered a Spicy Chicken concoction :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/21-restaurant-and-lounge-las-vegas?select=vy_nPRJW6Khh9oDjp1jVtQ#vy_nPRJW6Khh9oDjp1jVtQIt was actually spicy!  The dish was just ok though...I ran into a few chewy bits of chicken and tendon.AND the "sausage skewers :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/21-restaurant-and-lounge-las-vegas?select=pNasF6NvcndU_RsrffvbcA#pNasF6NvcndU_RsrffvbcAMore like hot dog skewers lol. They had a decent taste, but I was craving a snappy sausage....got hotdogs!  Probably the biggest disappointment of the night.What was good though, was the Pork Cutlet with Cheese! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/21-restaurant-and-lounge-las-vegas?select=vbrkx180Gqd6-o0gOQXSKA#vbrkx180Gqd6-o0gOQXSKAThis was great! Almost like a chicken katsu, with lots of yummy cheese inside! This was the highlight of the night, food wise! I really like the vibe here...it is clean, warm and inviting inside. The glass tables with neon lights are pretty cool and add to a nice environment.This would be a cool place to hang out, especially during HH...I am sure we will be back!
4	The venue for this place is both spacious and modern, as well as clean. Good things for a place that only opened a few months ago. The drinks are very tasty, though when you buy flavored soju, you should be aware it is going to be low in alcohol content. Beer is fairly priced, as is most of the food. Very typical for a Korean bar.For me, the food was good, but not quite top notch. I had some Omu Rice, kimchi pancake, a taste of the pork cutlet, as well as some spicy chicken thrown onto my plate... All of it was authentic, but the execution could be sharper for a couple of things. I'd say Soyo has better food, but the environment here is more of a bar than there.One cool thing is they're open until 5am every day - when we got there around 745 (end of happy hour), it was pretty empty, so this is definitely a late night place. It was a lot more crowded around 10-11 when we bounced to the next destination. And they serve food the whole time as well.I got to talk to the owners a bit, and they seem to be very nice and enjoy running their business.
5	Just about the coolest bar I've ever been to. Very cool. Service was great also
4	Fantastic place, great decor and great food/drinks. Very different from what Ive seen anywhere else, puts you in that perfect mood to eat, drink and just hang. Try the Sonju Yogurt alcoholic drink, you'll thank me for that one, killer! Well done guys!!
3	I was here with other Yelpers for my going away thing before I went to China/Korea. I'm a fan of yogurt soju. This place has different flavors of soju...and no karaoke! Yay!Cool vibe. Tables are lit up and change colors. Service was alright.We tried a few things on the menu like the sausage, pork cutlet and bulgogi. For drinks we had mango, yogurt and strawberry soju...it was happy hour when we went so drinks were half-price! They also have drinks other than soju.The food is pretty awful. How can you screw up sausage...and bulgogi...and this is a Korean bar?!? The pork cutlet with cheese was pretty good.So come here just for drinks and forget about the food!
3	Met up with some Yelp friends here for a UUYE get together. As soon as I walked in, Bam! The bar is right in front of you. "So this guy walks into a bar......". Anyways, the whole place is pretty spacious. The bar itself is right in the center of the whole thing surrounded by tables and chairs. The tables are lit up. Something you have to see for yourself. On half the walls you have several projectors screens with projectors showing nothing but K-Pop videos. I swear every video had the same group of girls only with different hair and clothing. Don't get me wrong, all these K-Pop girls are pretty. They all just look alike. Sometimes the dudes look like the girls too.So I join my friends. They are already toasting for like the umpteenth time. The main reason why they came here was for happy hour, which was 6 pm 10 pm. All drinks 30 percent off. That's everything from your different flavored sojus to mixed drinks. Not a bad deal. Some of the food they serve is decent like chicken katsu with cheese. Its kind of like what you would get if you had chicken parmesan but in a Korean version.The only thing that really irks me is that you can smoke anywhere you sit in the place. I can imagine on a really busy night your chances of gettin lung cancer an emphysema skyrockets by a thousand percent. I had a lot of fun hanging out. That night there wasn't too many people there so the smoke was minimal. Still I wouldn't wanna go here just because I wanted a drink for 30 percent off. If only somebody could invent some kind of ventilation system that sucked all the smoke out then I can truly enjoy my experience. If you smoke, than by all means, keep sucking on those cancer sticks!
5	Still loving this place! This is the place to be every Weds night! "Vnyl Wednesday". With local and special dj performances playing nothing but the best music until 5AM! Drink and bottle specials before midnight. Must be 21+ to enter and there is never a cover. They also just added hookah to the menu as well!
5	This is my new hot spot to hang out with girls.I love the interior, lighting and  music videos.They also have good food and reasonable price for drinks and much more.I love their special nights too.. They have Wed night as like club night.. have Dj and club music as well.Wednesday is New Weekend for party people these days.. I love how they made that night on Wed.
4	I was jonesin' for some YoJu and some good ol' fashioned K-pop when this lil' gem popped up on my Yelp app. When we pulled up the parking lot there was nary a car in sight...when we walked in it was dead...D.E.A.D. I figured meh...it was early (9ish) and I was starving and they were playing K-pop videos on the walls so my date and I tally-hod full speed ahead. We stayed for about an hour and a half and sat at the bar. The bartender Ryan was super nice and was fun to talk to. We opted for the spicy boneless fried chicken which was insanely yummy and reminded of my days living abroad in Busan, SK. The only thing missing was the cabbage and mayo/ketchup drizzle :( But alas, it was still pretty effing tasty. I love the cool barley tea that came with our meal too. So great. As the night went on a few people trickled in, but it stayed pretty dead. Ryan said they were going to add some noraebang rooms in March, so I'll definitely be back for some karaoke action...and some more yoju and fried chicken. ::drool:: Aside from me and my date everyone in the lounge was Korean and it felt like a little slice of Korea heaven. Definitely my new spot if I'm ever missing my Busan days.
5	This is a great place to hang out with your friends and enjoy the ambience~ I love the interior~ the food is good and the service is good~Try the boneless chicken wings with some blueberry soju!
5	Service was awesome and not to mention the food and soju :) all I can say is if you're looking for a place to chill and have a relaxing night this is always a fun place!
2	Drinks were good but they need to work on their anju!! Serving deep fried pre-frozen costco purchased item is not going to cut it!!!
1	Worst service ever. You would expect that when making reservations for a large party a light bulb would possibly flicker and indicate to the "management" that "hey maybe we should have more than one server for a place that seats over 75 people"And maybe if you have a competent server, maybe the server should check on the table at least once in an hour??? So if you want terrible service, flashing lights and screens with karaoke in several languages at once with no karaoke, this is the place for you.
5	A hidden gem away from ChinaTown.  The food is delicious and reasonably priced.  We started off with the Kim Chi fried rice.  Full of flavor from the Kim Chi and Spam.  Also had the bulgogi which was very tasty.  The Kal Bi was the best I've had here in town.  very sweet flavor just like I like it.  This place is the perfect place to go if you are craving Korean food but don't want to do all you can eat.
2	I am giving it 2 starts because their food is awesome.  Just because of this I am not giving it 1 star.Why does this place get 1 star?  NOT WHEELCHAIR ACCESSIBLE.This place opened up in March 2013.  How in the world did they pass inspection with no regards to wheelchair accessibility?  My friends had to lift me up 4 steps just so we can hang out.  But because this was a special occasion, I quelled my anger long enough to enjoy the evening.  We ordered:Boneless Chicken - probably the most amazing chicken I have ever had anywhere.  Hint of orange, 2 different crunch textures (from the battered exterior and the peanuts) juicy and moist chicken.Cheese Pork Cutlet - thick cutlet, cheese placed right inside.  It needed more sauce as it was slightly dry.Kalbi Fries -  not enough Kalbi but it was good.The food came out SLOW.  We ordered our food and they came out trickling one at a time, after an hour we placed our order.  The place wasn't even packed.  We were only the 4th table at this place.They do not have chairs, only benches to sit on.  But this also attributes to the owners lack of regard to people who will be coming with their own chairs.
5	Had the yogurt soju and apple soju, so delicious! Girly drinks though lol but I'm a girl so I like it! Me and my boyfriend talked to the owner all night. He's a really cool guy, that has great ideas for his business. They recently just opened 4 months ago so there is many more promising things coming for this place. Definitely a must go for a late night drink and hang out. They have LED tables with projector screens showing k-pop videos and random Korean sports. Ladies, the bathroom is nice! There's a HUGE full length mirror to check out your makeup, outfit, hair, shoes. The bigger the mirror, the better right! They also have food at reasonable prices. Of course the drinks are reasonably priced as well. The cocktail soju was 12 dollars and came in a big container that was at least 32oz, so you get your money's worth. This is right down the street from my place so I'll be visiting this place more often. They have an happy hour from 6-9pm on the alcohol too. They play clubby/edm (electronic dance music), but the owner tells me the have a hip hop night. I'll be coming back!
4	All I really can recall before my soju buzz kicked in (which was pretty good by the way) was -- being surrounded by TVs filled with K-POP videos and their aficionados.. cool pre/post game date nite spot, interesting tables and wouldn't mind trying their food next time if I'm in that side of town, which is rare.
5	One of Las Vegas's newest hot spots. Amazing food, great atmosphere, great service and every Thursday at 10pm Club 21 Red Edition. Hosted by Rockdapartycrew Free cover Free wells 10-11pmHookah serviceBottle service Lady's Party of 6 get a free bottle of Skyy Korean foodGreat music by local Dj's
4	21 is the first Korean bar/club that I know of in Vegas that reminds me of ones that are modeled after other establishments in other cities such as L.A., and Annandale, VA. But, 21 definitely follows the sound of its own horn providing such a unique and impressive setting.I've been here a multitude of times. From Elite Events, UYE's, to just informal get-togethers, 21 has regularly bestowed upon me a service that has been dependable, and drinks that are solid.Foodwise, I commonly order the dried squid and file fish on the appetizer menu. It's a fairly uncomplicated dish which totally complements beer and soju drinks. I've tested numerous other items on the menu, and they are more favorable than other comparable establishments.On Wednesdays, there is a DJ that spins club music, and during this time, this venue gets swarming with crowds of folks looking to get their freak on.New note: 21 has just a while ago constructed individual karaoke rooms, for inebriated hijinks, or for those wanting to develop into the successor of Mariah Carey (or Mark Carey...)
5	OMG! Just found this new hangout spot. I don't usually give out 5 stars to whatever places but this lounge/restaurant is just that awesome! I went there on a SUNDAY night and it's was PACKED! I don't know what was going on I think they had a special theme at that time... I ordered a bunch of soju bomb and yogurt soju, Korean Kalbi and sesame chicken, bulgogi fries! They tasted sooooooo great it was better than what I was expecting. I'm surprised this place got even better food than some local hot Korean spots, so much better! And the price is so reasonable. The DJ and music was the bomb too I had a really good time in there. My friends (white and asian) loved this place too  and we are gonna go check it out again this week. Anyways you won't regret it!!!!btw the have bottle specials too only 60 something lol can't find a deal like this anywhere  in Vegas !
4	Nice clean environment. Tables light up and have a modern feel.  Monday nights they have a DJ spin Hawaiian/reggae music.  Best yogurt soju at a great affordable price.  Must try the kimchi fried rice and bulgogi fries!
4	I came here on yesterday with a groupon deal, $15 for $30 worth of food. I ordered the tofu kimchi (11.99) and boneless chicken (12.99). Both dishes were equally delicious. The tofu kimchi came with a bowl of rice. Besides kimchi, there were also rice cakes and meat (I think it was a meat) in the kimchi dish. Which was a wonderful surprise. It was spicy. So for people who don't like very spicy food, stay away from this dish. The boneless chicken dish has a sweet taste to it. I really enjoyed it. But for people with peanut allergies, stay away from this dish. I saw two peanuts at the bottom of the dish. Always tell the waiter any food allergies you have. I never thought I would find peanuts in a boneless chicken dish. Luckily I'm not allergic. Together, the two dishes came out $24.98. Just one dish is enough for a person. No need to worry about ordering two to feel full.As for the service, they were really good. They checked up on me multiple times to see if I need water or anything else. But about the place  I got there 9pm and the place was DEAD! Only two people were there. 10pm, still dead! I was really in the mood to dance and mingle. But nothing. 10:15pm, a group of 3 Koreans came in and sat at the table next to mine. One began to smoke. That's when I took it as a sign it is time to leave because it is 10:30pm and nothing is happening.I think they need to advertise more since they are still new. Definitely having a groupon deal helps get more customers.
5	This place is really cool! Went with my buddies. I was soooooooooooo hungry before we arrived cause I just got done at the gym. My body was shaking since I was so hungry. We went all out. Got 2 pork cutlets, Bulgogi, spicy hotdog wiener things, bulgogi fries and more.Our first thing we got that went in my system was blue raspberry soju. That stuff got absorbed In my body so fast. I got messed up quick ololol. That soju was awesome. The food was awesome too!! The pork cutlets Wa my favoriteI forgot out server but he was awesome too! Very nice dude and got us everything we needed when we needed. J guess only bad thing was it was super super loud. But overall I loved it had a fun time! Ill be there again
5	Food is great!!  We came to watch soccer, but drank beer and Soju.  We also had lots of good food. The best was the bulgogi fries, but we are them too fast for pictures. LOL! Will be back again!!!Service was outstanding!
3	After work, I decided to check this place out since a few of my friends were going to be there to watch Korea vs Russia. I arrived around 4:45PM, the game was almost done but there was a good crowd cheering for Korea. I've lived in LA and NYC so after reading the other reviews I had high expectations for this place but I was a little disappointed. The food was average and the decor did not impress me. I give 3 stars for the service.
4	Yogurt soju and bulgogi fries with a spicy kochujang sauce and KPOP videos playing on the big screens. What's there not to like? I'm going to have to come back to try the other flavored soju drinks and sample the other Korean dishes. They also have five karaoke rooms which I will have to try as well. Good service for an Asian place and good for group drinking.
4	Great Korean drinking place in Vegas!It's been open for about a year and a half now, I think, but every time I go there it's pretty deserted still. Nevertheless, it's got great happy hour (50% off food and drinks!) and I've been back time and again and always had fun.The inside is pretty huge, with garish neon lights, and TVs lined along with walls constantly playing Kpop music videos. It kinda reminds me of S Bar in the LA Ktown. The food is pretty typical, decent drinking food. They have a full bar too I think, even with high end stuff like Macallan. Of course, they've got the Korean stuff too, hite, soju, even flavored sojus.I've always had a good time here, though it's always so empty that I'm scared it might not be open for much longer. Hopefully it lasts!!
4	Really outstanding authentic Korean food here. Even the rice water hit the spot and I'm not usually a rice water fan. We ate bulgogi, kimchee chigae (soup which wasn't on the menu that they made special) and some spicy pork-gogi dish. Everything was delicious and the portions were pretty decent. My only possible negative critique is that it was extremely dark at the table. The tables themselves are cool and lit up but it's hard to see your food coming from your plate to your mouth...like I couldn't tell if I had pork or kimchee on my spoon until it was up to my face...that dark...but if they are going for a club vibe, they nailed it and if we were there to drink it probably would have been fine.The friendly service was spot on and the food was better than expected. I'll definitely come back and try something new sometime."Yay, I'm a fan"
5	Wonderful place.  Great food and fair prices.  Went there with 25 people and the staff was able to accommodate our group.  If you love k-pop, this is the place for you in Vegas.
5	Definitely one of Vegas hidden secrets!  Great eats and treats at reasonable prices!  The drinks are unique and tasty, the food is scrumptious and the portions and shareable if shared "tapas style"!  Did I mention all you can drink for just $29.99!!! Whaaaa???!!!  The staff is great and the music is lively as well.  5 stars all around.
5	I really enjoy this place; service is excellent; food is delicious and plenty of parking space. Great place for a date night or just to chill with friends.
2	Overpriced, mediocre food and crappy service is what you'll find here. When we arrived, there was only 1 other booth seated but for some reason it took 5-10 minutes before we even saw an employee. It didn't help that when the server finally showed up, he spent 5 min arguing with us over the terms of our Groupons when the terms are clearly printed on the voucher.I wanted to try the short ribs but they were out so I settled with bulgogi, kimchi pancake and wings. The bulgogi was ok and was served with a bowl of rice. This was the only thing in our order that was decent although I would've expected a $10 order of bulgogi to be much larger than what we got. The kimchi pancake was bland and was just a greasy piece of dough with tiny bits of kimchi in it. No taste whatsoever. The wings were just pieces of fried chicken with dipping sauces...definitely not worth the $11 they're charging. If it wasn't for Groupon I'm not sure who the hell would be eating here!If you're planning on coming here to drink, forget it. Just turn around and go home. Soju and cocktails start at $12.99 at this little bar. No wonder it's always empty! Do yourself a favor by skipping this place and saving your money!
1	We got a groupon to try out this place. Service was awful and the staff totally ignored us. Food was alright but over priced. It was a $30 groupon. However, we only received $28 credit on the bill. For the service alone, we will definitely never go back.
4	Service was outstanding and food was excellent. We ordered the bulgogi, mayo shrimp, and omelette fried rice. Spice was just right. Sake and corn water was a nice accompaniment.The vibe and ambiance is cool. Korean pop music videos were playing. I understand the place gets hopping late nights. It was our first time there and we noticed it was quiet, but it was early and we arrived right after opening hour.I was going to give 5 stars but only from a marketing standpoint, the menu text/design could have been updated as some N/A items were scribbled out. I'm a graphic designer and kind of picky about those things ;)
5	So, I love this place. I came here first on a Wednesday night for an event my friend was DJ'ing for. Never heard of it, it was kind of far from me. I arrived 11pm and it was definitely a club scene. Loud music, tons of people, and the moment I walked inside I fell in love with the place. Tables light up neon colors, lights are very dim, music video projections on every wall, spacious, clean, and lots of places to sit. It was a great night, nonetheless. I heard it was also a restaurant. So I decided to have my boyfriends surprise birthday dinner here the next week. Which I did. Food was so good. Ryan (manager/our server) is amazing. And we just had a great time. For a table of 10 people, I spent about $200. Including drinks and food. So I really don't understand why people are reviewing this place as "expensive". Ryan also comped us a yogurt soju and shot. Such a cool guy. Food I recommend: orange chicken, korean style omelet fried rice, bulgogi, spicy mussels, soup also looked so good but I didn't order it. and as for drinks, mango soju was the bomb. Great restaurant, hangout spot, bar, club, karaoke lounge, everything.
5	Was in Vegas with friends from NY/NJ/LA and decided to hit this place up for some Korean food and drinks before a weekend of standard Las Vegas debauchery.  Wasn't expecting much, having done the bar scene everywhere from Seoul to NY to LA but what a total surprise. It was quiet at first (we showed up really early, blame it on the jet-lag) but they have an awesome space that fills up and comes alive late nights.  Service was excellent, the staff was all really nice. Food was delicious, definitely up there with bar fare in ktown -everything was so good but mayo shrimp my personal fav.   Drinks drinks drinks. I know Vegas was known for their buffets but the all you can drink special on their menu was by far the best buffet I've been to.  Ended the night with karaoke and soj,  from what I remember..we all had a great time. Hidden gem in fabulous sin city!
