3	Am I first? Ok, here goes:was invited for a soft opening. its bigger than expected. like 400 seats big. i ordered fish tacos (NOT breaded) the way they should be done. cod (iirc), tossed with chili powder and served soft w/ cabbage. however, my wife was dissapointed in the Waldorf chicken salad, which honestly tasted like cheap hot dogs. Processed chicken?Servers seemed helpful, trying to impress new clientele. food delivery was prompt, service from the bar was quick. my gripe: if you are going to be trendy and open a "gastropub".. you gotta be different.. the 52 taps, many common names,  most patrons will see about 10-12 household names but to the craft beer lover, most the stuff on tap is what you could find anywhere really. I hope that more craft beer lovers come in to demand a better variety, and some seasonal/rare beer. after all, if you are just another mini yardhouse, why would I come in? I know that crescent crown distributes here, and they also distribute for the watering hole, but the latter's selection is world class.. and inside of whole foods, of all places.food: mine was 3.5 out of 5. tacos were good - salty beans, seemed to be placed in a dish as an afterthought. hers, 1 out of 5. that salad was a Wreck. If you are in the area and want to quaff a quick "mainstream" craft beer, go for it. Not worth the drive if you are going to pass other craft beer bars like the Watering Hole, Boulders, Papago, Hungry Monk, Cuoco Pazzo, or Yardhouse (meh).fwiw, during this soft opening you would expect the staff to work through some kinks, so this small review is only geared to help them see my perception of the kinks they could improve. by all means, try the place if you are in the area. but frankly, it is fitting for the location.. a strip mall with a handful of mediocre restaurants, and not much else. i just cannot see them filling those 400 seats. fwiw, iirc this is the third place that has tried surviving in that suite. time will tell....
4	Finally good taps and food in the Tempe marketplace, for the craft beer kind of person.  Sure there's other beer options in Tempe, but most are riddled with annoying college kids.  52 taps with mostly everyday craft beers that you can find in decent grocery stores, and prices weren't too bad for the 20 oz. size (cheaper than Yardhouse, thank God!).  Service was outstanding for me, with use of my name, handshake, prompt order & delivery of drinks, etc.  I thought the food items were a little pricey for what the items were, such as $10 for a couple of cut up pretzels with cheese/fondue dipping sauce.Open and clean atmosphere was nice as well.  Immaculate restrooms!
1	If you think this is a bar... DON'T! If you want to drink beers with friends, this is not the place! They cut us off after our 4th beer! In Tempe that is ridiculous! Don't waste your money here!
2	Maybe my expectations were too high but I was really disappointed. Basically has the feel and vibe of just another chain restaurant along the lines of say a BJ's or TGI Fridays. I agree a lot with Les L review. They are trying to be a fake beer bar by having a lot of taps, sadly there really wasn't anything special on their 40 or so taps that you can't get at the grocery store. The food itself was pretty lifeless. Also had the feel and look of chain restaurant mass produced food. The service was ok and also atypical of a chain restaurant. Lifeless and no personality.
2	Right off the bat, the told me "no, you cant sit at the outside bar, it's closed"...okay..I'll sit at the inside one. There where only 51 beers on tap, and I have tried all of them numerous times. Nothing special. Not one. Nothing special about the menu either, I ordered 2 apps for myself..the seared ahi, and some potato cakes..both came with this napa slaw, that was great with the ahi, but not to great with the cakes..if you want a pricey beer that you can find anywhere, and an unimaginative menu doused in napa slaw, this is the spot...and don't you dare try to sit at the outside bar, ever.
4	I met a business associate here for lunch yesterday. They have only been open for two weeks so I was a bit apprehensive as to whether they have worked out the "kinks" yet. I was pleasantly surprised! The server was very attentive although the inexperience showed when after servicing us, she immediately returned to ask how our food was... we had not had time to take a bite yet! Lol BUT, the food was very good and I will definitely make this one of my luncheon spots to meet clients. I had the enchilida stack. Very tasty. The bar is huge and I think it would be a great place to meet up with the gang to watch a game or hold a mixer. It is clean and the staff is very courteous... all of them have big smiles and lots of hellos and thanks yous as you depart. The prices are a bit higher than your average grill... but honestly, the food is worth it in my opinion. They are new to the game, so be patient and in a short while this place will be seasoned enough to compete with the rest!
5	The food was great!!  Had the Fish Tacos and really liked that they werent breaded and were filling too.   Friend said the fish and chips were really good as well.   Service was great!!  Hilary and Lauren had excellent  advice on drink  and food selections and provided great service.  For being open only 9 days, I was very impressed and they seemed to really have it together.  In other reviews there was mention of being "cut off at 4 beers".  I inquired if there was a cut off rule of sorts and they advised only if a patron is under the influence and needs to be.  I too had the same outstanding service as Albert and too was asked my name, by the staff (Hilary and Lauren) and also the owner.    The atmoshpere was nice, wasn't too loud and could carry a business conversation, which is often hard to do in establishments such as this.  I had a great experience here and will be back.
4	Nice ambiance for a sports bar.  Not too loud during lunch hour.  They also offer wifi, so you can get your work done during lunch.   I ordered the Ruben Sandwich and it was excellent!   One of the top 3 I've ever had!  Rye was toasted just right, corn beef was flavorful and tender (not tuff like some places) and not too much dressing to overwhelm flavor, but just to enhance.   Service was great!  Host sat me near a location with an outlet for my laptop.   She was very cheerful and kind.  Server was very attentive and helpful.  Food was quick.  It wasn't very busy when I went in there.  But would definitely head back there if in area.  For a sports bar/restaurant,  a real winner.
4	I definitely had a great time here. Originally were going to head to get sushi at Tempte Marketplace and was happy to find that they finally put another fun bar in Tempe Marketplace because Cadillac Ranch and San Felipes gets a little old. I went with one of my friends and we shared the soft prezetel for an appetizer and shared the Margherita pizza and Chipotle Mac & Cheese and had a few beers. I will definitely be back to try some more things on their menu. You can definitely tell that some of the servers were new and weren't that expirenced but hopefully time will help that. Mike the restuarant Manager stopped by our table to see how our food was and how our expirence was which is always a nice thing for managers to do to get some feedback.
4	My bf and I came here while playing hooky from work one day (me that is, not him).  The inside is huge and really neatly and cleanly decorated!  There is so much space that a portion it could easily be used for a private function or private party.We had lunch here and was surprised at the small crowd but by the time we left there was a pretty good crowd of people inside.  I had a burger and a side salad and it was really made well.  My bf had a chicken sandwich and fries and he seemed to enjoy it as well.  A pro is that they had malt vinegar, which goes well with fries.Our waitress was really nice and attentive as well.  She kept us well hydrated on iced tea and diet coke.  There were TV's all over the place and the bar looked like it had several good beers on tap.  This is a place I want to return because of the good food, nice service and cool atmosphere!
4	There aren't many places at Tempe Marketplace that 1) Have great food 2) Manage to escape the feeling you're at a douchebag convention (Looking at you Cadillac Ranch). Thirsty Lion Pub just opened at Tempe Marketplace right next to Kabuki in the spot Maria Maria used to be in. Sitting at the bar and looking at the menu at first glance, its a little bit overwhelming - they have everything from sushi to pizza to sandwiches to hamburgers kitchen sinks and lions and bears, oh my. But that's par for the course at brew pub restaurants in the area. I ordered a soda to start and wasn't impressed by how it was instantly flat. My friend was also not taken by how odd and underwhelming their cold water was. I eventually ordered a Green Chiles Chicken Sandwich with guacamole and onions and tomatoes and cheese; my friend ordered a vegetable panini. Ambience-wise, the music and sports are not overwhelming to conversation. They play the usual generic easy listening rock garbage designed not to offend or impress you'd hear at any sports bar (Nickleback, Spin Doctors, Springsteen). The odd thing here is that the TVs at the bar play videos of the songs and these are big nice TVs and the videos are pixelized and fuzzy as all get out, not looking even close to hi-res and freezing up on occassion. This might be some video/music delivery service issue, but its noticeable and odd. The place is massive and can hold a lot of people and large parties and seems to go on forever.Our food came out promptly and I was pretty pleased. My sandwich was great and the guacamole was awesome, not overpowering and not bland. It was served on a ciabatta that was a nice consistency, not too soft and not too hard and the chicken was great. My friend also enjoyed her sandwich, although it had aragula and they didnt cut the stems which seems odd. Having once been stabbed in the throat by an errant cilantro stem once upon a time I can say chop those stems in the future.So, consensus, food was really good, we could chat and it was delivered promptly. Drinks were flat, but servers were nice and courteous.
4	We went to the Thirsty Lion for the first time on Saturday night. Having visited Maria-Maria prior, I liked what the Lion had done with the place. We were seated at a 6-top in the bar and immediately received service.Thirsty Lion automatically got a good grade for me for having Rogue Hazelnut Brown on the menu. This is a personal favorite of mine. While the Lion brags of 52 taps, most of the beers are the familiar ones you will know if you like craft beer. There are a couple different types thrown in which is nice so you can try something new.We ordered the Grilled Pear & Prosciutto flatbread appetizer based on the server's recommendation. It was delicious, but if there was pear anywhere on it, it wasn't on the pieces I had. Also, $9 is steep for an appetizer that size.I ordered the Smoked Turkey Club for dinner with the Beer Cheese soup substituted ($1 upcharge) for the fries. The sandwich was fantastic - I will be getting this again! The soup was ok, nothing special. I'd skip it next time.My husband got the Newcastle BBQ Chicken Pizza (added jalapenos) which was terrific. Dare I say it... even better than CPK's BBQ Chicken Pizza!? The crust for the pizza and flatbread is excellent.The other choices for the evening for our party were: Pepper Bacon Cheese Burger (good), Chipotle Mac & Cheese (excellent! Restored my friends belief in getting mac & cheese from restaurants), and the Grilled Veggie Panini (good).The service we received was excellent and our server obviously knew her stuff. We didn't have any questions about the beer selection as we were all familiar with the choices on their menu, but she was very knowledgeable about the best things on the menu.Overall, good food, good beer selection, good service, prices are a little steep. ($6 for a 16oz beer!)
1	Just spent over 15 minutes at a table waiting.  No waitress or waiter.  However, I was able to see up to 4 waitresses and a manager a table over eayupting and chatting while me and my friends waited.  AS We left we told the hostess why we were leaving in front of the manager and he said absolutely nothing.  Food....don't know s......drinks, don't know.......never got either.   Service..........AWFUL!!!!!!!  I will spread the word for you manager since you cannot talk!!!!!
4	A great addition to Tempe Marketplace, The Thirsty Lion provides a great atmosphere, a wonderful selection of beers on tap, and reasonable prices. Plus the food is pretty wonderful (and with a great happy hour, you can't go wrong here). With an expansive selection of indoor seating, you can choose to sit at a high top, at the bar, or at a comfy table indoors. If you'd like to experience their outdoor seating, you won't be disappointed with the several fire pits and lovely chairs.The service can be spotty (previously Maria-Maria, they're still a fairly new establishment) but the great atmosphere and food makes up for it. Moderately priced, it's well worth venturing in for a drink if it's cold outside.
4	I've been here now twice for lunch and like this place.  The rueben and the blue cheese chicken sandwich are good.  When I sat at the bar my server was Jennifer and she was great.
4	Had a nice time eating lunch on the patio.  Great beer selection.  The steak salad was great and so was the corned beef and cabbage that I stole off my wife's plate.
4	This is just what Tempe Marketplace needs! The ambiance is beautiful - upscale but not pretentious. The weighter's are laid back, but very knowledgeable. We sat in the bar area high top and was served by Scott. He was a funky, cool guy and knew his beer! With 52 beers on tap, it was nice to have someone ask questions to. You can get tasters of whatever you like, which is nice before committing!The pizza is awesome! Hand tossed and wood fired, the dough is chewy and yummy! I had the artichoke pizza - my boyfriend had the pepperoni (he's plain) :)Prices not too shabby - great happy hour on appetizers. The pint of the day is always $4 all day. Great place to try new beers.
3	So I was meeting some friends here last night for drinks for a friend's birthday. We were supposed to meet at 9:30 but it was around 10:30 when we actually got to the bar. We walked in and had our IDs checked and then stood around awkwardly...I'm not sure why this happened, but after a few minutes we were asked if we needed a table. Yup...that's why we're here. So we were seated near the bar. The place is large and the decor is fine, but the music they were playing was mainly from the 90's and made the place seem less 'hip' I guess, not that I know much about being hip. We waited for about 5 minutes for anyone to acknowledge us. The waiter finally came by and took our drink order. I got the agave basil margarita ($8.50) which was soooo good! I was very happy with the drink. The Birthday Girl got a blueberry bliss... which wasn't what she was expecting. I tried it and thought it was good, but it was definitely more like wine than a mixed drink. The others got beers. So the real problem, for me at least, was my second drink. I got a tropical margarita ($7.00). It was one of the worst drinks I have ever had and was a challenge to drink. It was SO acidic and just nasty, I swear the two drinks could not have come from the same place...but they did. That's a huge red flag for me.Side note: Why do restaurants think it's cool to not price their signature drinks....why should I have to ask how much it costs? I find this completely ridiculous and annoying. The drinks didn't end up being very expensive here, but I feel like I should have that information available to me on the menu just like any other item.... *ok steps off soapbox*As far as food goes, one of my friends got a side of fries that were pretty good and came with bbq sauce, but other than that we did not eat. I have heard good things about their food from other people. After we were done with our second round of drinks (and the fries) we decided to move on to another bar.....but we couldn't because we had no check! Our waiter, who had been almost harassing us towards the beginning of our night, had completely disappeared. He finally came by like 10-15 minutes later and reeked of cigarettes....there is no way he only smoked one because I could almost taste it...pretty gross for a waiter. Anyway, our checks were brought fairly quickly after that and we were finally able to leave.  Conclusion: Be very careful what you order....it is a total mixed bag.
3	Good atmosphere and I like the space.  But the food, drinks and service is just "ok".Not my first choice of places to go.
4	I really hope this place lasts in TMP.Good beer selection, also a good list of signature drinks that I plan to try on my next visit.Honestly, most of the waitresses looked like they were constantly smelling poo so we were happy when we got the one we did. She was super nice (we had a few so her name escapes me, but she was from Chicago by way of AZ), talkative, and attentive.The food here is.....awesome. My burger was huge and had so many many delicious qualities. Every single person left full and happy.I would definately recommend this place for every occasion whether its football on Sun, a bday party, or a happy hour.Be warned though, outside of happy hour, they are a bit pricey.
1	I'm a little shocked how high this place is rated, to be honest.  I'm not disappointed easily, but I've given this place three chances to impress and they've consistently disappointed.   I live nearby and was very excited for a new, trendy place to eat & drink. The first time we went there, we sat at the "outside" bar. The male bartender was not personable at all-he was actually quite rude. When I politely asked him if he knew the price of a liquor off the top of his head (and not to worry about it if he didn't, I was just curious), he snottily replied with, "well, there's not a button for it so I don't know." He then rolled his eyes and walked away. I was astounded at how rude he was but shrugged it off. I actually felt bad because I thought somehow I offended or embarrassed him because he didn't know the price of this particular liquor, so I apologized to him, and he proceeded to made another smart comment about how he charged me the well price but that the next time I come in it might be much higher, again being very snotty and rude. My boyfriend was actually pretty upset at the way he spoke to me but chose to let it go because we just aren't the type if people to be confrontational or to complain.  After our meal and about an hour before close, he told us he was leaving and that another girl would be taking care of us. When she showed up all she did was clean the bar in preparation to close (even though that wasn't for another hour) and didn't even introduce herself or say hello. I waited for her to notice that my boyfriend's Blue Moon was empty but she was too busy cleaning so I asked her myself. She asked me what beer he was drinking, I told her, then watched her pour the wrong beer and give it to me as if I wouldn't notice. (Not all alcohol is available at that side of the bar. For instance Blue Moon and the liquor I was drinking are stored at the main bar, another point of annoyance for the original, rude male bartender. But how is that my fault? I didn't know that.  And clearly this girl didn't feel like going to the other bar to pour the correct beer for my boyfriend, even though she specifically asked me which beer he was drinking and then lazily poured whatever wheat beer they had in tap at the bar we were sitting at.) That was the "straw that broke the camel's back" for me. We paid out and went to Darcy McGees (in the same shopping center) where the staff are always pleasant and helpful.We have since given the Lion two more tries but been severely disappointed with the service. The food is excellent- but just cannot make up for the terrible service. The second time we tried this place we sat at the main bar (as to not inconvenience the bartender at the outside bar), and all of the bartenders were too busy talking amongst themselves to notice that both of us were empty on drinks and hungry with no menus offered to us. I'm sorry to say that we won't be giving this place another shot.
4	Big place in Tempe Marketplace. Lots of outdoor seating. Great for gourmet beer lovers. Didn't try the food but many folks were on dinner dates
4	I come here a lot just for the excellent food. I tried the happy hour and it was decent but nothing that blew my mind away. My only point of contention is that the staff needs to know more about the liquor selection. I specifically asked for Strongbow Cider and the waiter said all they had was some other cider. I shrugged it off and ordered something else. However the next time I was in there the service was a little slower (to be fair it was busy) and I read every single beer they had on their menu and to my surprise they had bottled Strongbow! Grrrr... However I love the food it has yet to dissapoint so I will continue coming!
3	I've never been a big fan of mall restaurants or bars. Though this is an improvement over Maria Maria, I'll go back if hunger or thirst kick in while shopping, but its not worth going out of your way for.
4	Third trip here and the NW pub burger is the best.The staff has been great every time. Also a must try are the bacon cheddar potato pancakes. Nice atmosphere inside and out.:)
1	The service here was awful, we waited patiently for over 15 minutes for our server to come by our table. Finally a hostess came by and noticed nobody was helping us and got us drinks. Another 15 minutes roll by and finally our server decides to make an appearance saying "have you guys decided yet on what you want?", uhh yeah!Overall, service was poor and food was just okay. Won't be going back.
4	Great atmosphere and good food. The pretzel appetizer was great and the Ruben sliders made a great small meal. Good beer selection.
4	I enjoy the Lion's Pub.   Being a little older than there average clients, I enjoy that the staff treat me well.  The bar tender remembers my wife and my name even though she only served us once a couple of weeks earlier.  The selection of beers is great.
3	This is a strange review to write. Today I went to the Thirsty Lion for the first time and whereas I had a great experience, I am only giving 3 stars because of basically "false advertising". It is a great bar and restaurant but it definitely is not an English pubs as it is promoted. When the only really English item on the menu being "fish and chips" and yet it is packed with Mexican dishes, this was a let down. If you want a great "Scottsdale-like" restaurant with friendly staff, this is a nice choice. If you want an English pub, look elsewhere.
4	Burgers..wonderful, huge and yummy!Fries..to die for.Rueben sliders..fab (and less than five bucks at happy hour)This is a big place, with lots of TV's and noise, but the atmosphere is nice, and the personnel, great!They have a great selection of beer, as well as wine (good wines, too) and great happy hour menu!
4	A large selection of beer, friendly staff, great service, decent food. Really enjoyed our first visit, plan to return.
4	This place turned out to be a lovely surprise. After 10pm i believe it turns a 21 and over only restaurant which is kind of nice. We stopped in during a weekday and there was good music and the lights were dimmed and people were just hanging out eating and drinking and having a good time. The menu is different during the later hours but still a lot of very good choices. They have a white cheddar burger and it was probably one of the best I have ever had. It was just delicious ( I had one again a few days later..shhhhhh, our secret) and also tried their chipotle mac and cheese and it was fattening and yummy as could be. they have a pretty decent beer selection although not as crafty as some other places like Hungry Monk or Topps but still a good craft selection. Its huge inside and outside and more than enough room and space to get a good table or seat at the bar. Highly suggest checking it out, very good addition to Tempe.side note: they let me add a fried egg to my burger- which immediately chalked up their awesomeness- yes awesomeness.
4	I like this place!!!  Stopped in for a happy hour beer and shopping respite, and was sooooo pleasantly surprised. The place looks great, The service was  above average, and very friendly and welcoming, The beer was cold, discounted and was givin many great choices. food well it was bliss. I had the potato cakes from the half off happy hour menu. These crispy spice cakes might be amungst the best appitizersin town! They are certainly better then any appitizer at Tempe Marketplace. word on the street is good too!!!I cant wait to get back!!!!
4	The BF and I have been here several times now...always on a Sunday afternoon.  We love the patio!  The BF loves that they have Alaskan amber, and their margaritas are quite good too!  We've only eaten appetizers, but all have been good!  Ashton has been our server the past couple of times, and she's just great!  I definitely recommend this place.  :-)
4	I had family in town and needed a place for dinner where everyone would be able to find something they liked. I looked at the menu online and figured with the variety of sandwiches, salads, pizzas and entrees this would be a safe bet. Luckily I was right.We sat outside because the weather was perfect. The atmosphere was nice. Nice lighting, comfortable tables and we were right by a big firepit that was pretty cool. Even though it's at a "mall" it didn't feel like it.A couple of us ordered salads and a couple ordered fish and chips. I got the chicken waldorf salad which was huge. All the portions were huge, actually. The lettuce was crisp, the dressing wasn't too overpowering and there were big chunks of chicken, apples and walnuts. I could have easily done with a half order - they should consider that. :) My family members really enjoyed their entrees as well. My aunt cleared her plate of fish and chips!Overall it was a great choice. If you're looking for solid "American" food that is a step up from greasy bar food this is a good option.
3	i had a work meeting here and it's exactly the type of  average, mediocre, corporate food/bar/entertainment place I don't like. It was packed. enough said.
3	Two friends and I decided to try this place out for St. Patrick's Day, since it's an American fare restaurant and bar they were not charging a cover charge to get in. We did not make reservations which if you decide to try this place out for any holiday or special occasion, I will strongly suggest that you do. We waited an hour to be seated, which wasn't bad for as many people as were there.   Once we were seated the service was great! I really wanted to eat something Irish and I was able to from their special St. Paddy's Day menu. I ordered the Irish Sheppard's Pie. It wasn't bad for an American restaurant and of course I had to get a drink which was the St. Paddy's Girl made with Jameson's Whiskey, Bailey's Irish Cream and  cold coffee and was rimmed with chocolate. This drink was delicious! A friend ordered Corned Beef and Cabbage which they served to her cold (not very cool) that got sent back and to make up for it the Manager let her order anything off the menu and gave her the dinner free without her even having to say anything. As soon as the dish was sent back the Manager was at our table to apologize. . The service and atmosphere of the place along with the live bands made the decision to go here a good one. I will definitely return!
1	We came to The Thirsty Lion for lunch, and had a lackluster waiter. We had to ask for limes 4 times before he finally remembered, and he never once asked of we needed refills. My Father in Law ordered tomato basil soup that came out luke warm, my daughter ordered mac and cheese that came with super old and dried out celery and carrots on the side. I ordered the Kobe Beef hamburger medium. It came out raw in the middle and super salty! Needless to say, we were very disappointed!!
4	The service was impeccable. I'm not sure what they've done to train their hostesses and staff, but we've never been treated better. Its always a gamble when you are dining out with children (ages 3 and 10 months) and you run the risk of being stuffed away in a corner, but our server at Thirsty Lion could not have been more sweet to our kids. She even let our son push the buttons on the computer that placed orders (not sure if its allowed, but we appreciated it.)  Flat screens all around allowed us to catch the NCAA March Madness - another nice feature. The food was good. I had a sausage macaroni and cheese which carried a spicy kick. The salads were pretty good sized portions as well.
1	So, first off. If you are going to call it happy hour, don't just take 30 percent of the food off the plate and give me a 30 percent discount. that's horse shit.   $3.50 coors light  on happy hour? FU, coors light should probably not be 3.50 ever. thats a rip.Lindsay, Lauren??? I dont know, brown haired girl behind bar. You have to be a TON hotter/friendly to give this bad of service and get away with it. I thought it was weird that my beer was empty for so long, so I went to take a piss and noticed it wasnt a special treat for me, everyone had empty beers. While I was in the pisser I thought to myself, "self, this looks like a pisser in a frat house" SO, I left.
4	My boyfriend and I tried this place a few weeks ago. We were going to be in the Tempe Marketplace area and need a place to eat dinner in the same area. And we ended up having a great time here and really enjoyed the food.It's a large space and serves as a great sports bar. We ordered the spinach dip, chipotle mac and cheese and the bbq chicken pizza along with a few beers. We were able to just hang out and not feel rushed, which made for a nice evening. Everything really hit the spot and we ended up having tons of leftovers too.I would definitely recommend this place if you're in the area and feel like hitting up a sports bar with higher quality food.
3	My bestie and I were at TMP for a movie and decided to try it out. Not really a pub feel, more of a high end sports bar. The place is very large, with TV's everywhere and roomy inside with a nice wrap around patio. We got there at HH, great prices on the apps and drinks. The service we had was attentive and nice. Would definitely check it out again.
4	Went to dinner here a couple nights ago with friends and it was packed! What impressed me is they let us grab drinks at the bar while we were waiting for a table. They told us it might take twenty minutes but we only waited maybe 15 minutes. Our server's name was Justin and he was awesome. He was outgoing, friendly and funny. It's nice to have some personality with a server even if things are hectic and they have tables all over. He was patient with us trying to figure out what we wanted. He even took the time to go back in the kitchen to find out what was in one of their sauces. My friend has bad allergies and has to be careful. She did not even mention that to him and he still went out of his way for her.I ordered the steak salad and it was perfect. I am not even joking. Lettuce tasted fresh, steak was cooked as I ordered and they deep fry their onions for a topping. I was amazed at how much everything tasted fresh. I don't know what was in the dressing but it rocked.My friend had the lamb and I think she died and went to heaven. She's not easily impressed with food either.Her boyfriend had the burger sliders and they were lacking cheese. Only thing that would have made the entire meal perfect.
4	It's a bar, it's a restaurant, it's not bad for a chain. They have quite a selection of beers, and I love their pretzels- their dipping sauce has beer in it! The cobb salad was good, and my friend enjoyed the baked mac and cheese. It's a good place to go when you can't think of anywhere else and want a broad selection of food. And beer.
4	I went to have a drink here for a friends birthday. It was nice, I liked the atmosphere and the waiter was attentive. I felt bad because it was a very large group but I think the staff did a great job getting everything out to us. They even split the bill 100 different ways! My drink was good, can't wait to try the food!
5	I do not know about all these other people on here having bad service, but ours was amazing. We had just finished watching the Avengers, and we were starving. Very few places were open. We tried Cadillac Ranch, and they turned us away with bogo appetizer cards, because they had a buy out. We then went to some Mexican food place, which had Horrible service, and A horrible vibe, so we walked out. Then we came across Thirsty Lion Pub & Grill. Mind you it was late at night. 10 pm. And even though they were going to be closing in an hour (Sunday night 11pm), they treated us with amazing service. Our waiter was so nice, chatty, but respectful to give us space. Knowledgeable about our wines and drinks. And the food was absolutely amazing. I am a HUGE customer service person, and there are many stores I refuse to shop at because the girls/boys/ cashiers were very mean and rude. We can not wait for our family to visit, as this is a new place we would love to show them, and take them to eat. The menu is awesome, but the waiter did mention to steer clear of any of the sushi, as their cooks are trained to prepare it, but not skilled. BUT EVERYTHING else on the menu is 5 stars.
4	Great pub in the Tempe Marketplace!  Good selection of beer and extensive happy hour menu.  Great place to catch a quick drink on your way to the next place or before doing some shopping.
3	This place is just alright. The main reason I've came back a few times is because my family and friends seem to like it a lot. The food isn't bad. I really like the Green Chili Chicken Sandwich. The prices border "over-priced."My main gripe with this place is the service. For the most part it's been good. The bartenders are always nice and helpful. The few times that I've had a waiter, I haven't received the same type of service. It's taken around 7 minutes just to get a menu. There have been numerous times where I've asked for steak sauce or other miscellaneous items and it has taken 15 minutes to get them. There was a time where I didn't receive it at all and after waiting 15 minutes after receiving my food, I just decided to go to the bar and ask them. I'd understand if the place was busy, but the times that these occurrences happened, wasn't busy at all. So all-in-all, Thirsty Lion should be a 3rd option for going out.
2	The food was very good.  I would definitely order the Tavern Burger again but... the service sucked!  This is why I only gave it 2 stars.  There were 3 of us and when we have to wait 5 minutes for drinks thats a little long in my book.  Everything was slow from the drinks, food, and even check getting to us.  I may give this place a second chance just to see if it was an off day.
2	I went to the Thirsty Lion on a Friday following an after-work golf outing.  The service was uninspired.  It took more than 15 minutes to be seated when we were told it would be a 5 minute wait.  Actually, it would have been more than 15 minutes if our group didn't ask the servers if we could sit outside.  The waitress who served us seemed to be just going through the motions. The food was marginal.  I ordered the Tavern Burger, medium.  It came well down and was dry (as if were being pressed down by a spatula).  Value was pretty bad as well, $20 for a burger and a beer.  I am not eager to go back here.
3	This place is fun every once in a while. They have a great atmosphere, and the bar area is really cool. Service is pretty good, about what you'd expect for a restaurant at Tempe Marketplace. My only gripe is with the kitchen. First, the prices are a bit high. Again, this is Tempe Marketplace, so I get that. The food, however, suffers from a case of taking itself too seriously. For example, one time we ordered the macaroni and cheese. I don't know what we were expecting, but there were like six cheeses, several herbs, and some kind of peppers in it. It was overwhelming and not as enjoyable. The same for some of the appetizers...you're marketing as an up-scale sports bar, how about something a little less ostentatious than the crazy potato cakes, or the pretzel cheese that literally has ale in it. Order simple, enjoy the reasonable beer prices and great selection, and move on to a cheaper place if you're looking for somewhere to party.
3	So I've been here a handful of times. Never to have a full, sit-down meal, but to meet up with friends or co-workers for HH. Their drink specials are ok, but not amazing. Their beer selection is acceptable but not great. The bartenders and servers have been nice and attentive for the most part (although the last time, it took a while to get another drink). Also, the last time we went, the server messed up and put a couple drinks from my friends tab on mine, because we had SOMEWHAT similar last names, so she must of confused the two of us, but nonetheless she apologized and fixed the error. We tried some of the finger foods. The pizza was kinda sad. Decent flavor but small and it was one of those pizzas where you take a bite and all of the toppings & cheese come with it, leaving you with nothing but tomato sauce covered crust. We also tried the fries which were pretty tasty and we loved the dipping sauce it came with. Ketchup is overrated, lol.The decor is nice, almost has an 'up-scale' look to it. This used to be the home of Maria Maria (Carlos Santana's resturant chain), but it didn't seem to last very long. They have sports on a few of the flat screens scattered about and a mix of some 70's, 80's & 90's playing overhead. I love Tempe Marketplace, so it works out that this place is in the same area, its just not my 'go-to' bar nor in my top 10. I will say the prices could/should come down a bit in order to keep the doors open and not become yet another tenant thats gone by the wayside.If you're thirsty, it'll work.
3	52 different beers on tap!  In addition to the standard beers you'll find at any restaurant, they have several locally produced brews so that anyone searching for a beer to fit their taste will most likely find it.  I tried the White Chocolate Ale, which had a nicely toasted nut flavor with a white chocolate background, more of a refreshing light beer.  My friend tried some of it and remarked that if dessert beers ever existed, this would be one of them.  I'm not too much of a beer fan and the closest beer-like beverage I've enjoyed is lambic, but it did taste nice compared to other beers I've had.We started with the scotch eggs, which were excellent.  The breading was nice and crispy, the pork sausage was flavorful and moist, and the eggs were perfectly cooked with a deep golden color to the yolks.  I had the vegetable panini for lunch, which was decent, albeit greasy.  The coleslaw I ordered with it was creamy but bland.  The menu itself has a weird mix of foods from different regions.  I was surprised to see orange chicken on the menu on a pub menu that seems to be focused more on pub-type food like fish and chips and scotch eggs.
5	I love it!  Great atmosphere, excellent food and drink, and an awesome waitress, Ashley!  This was our first time, the place is huge.  Lots of seating with everything from the sitting at the bar to large hightop tables near the bar to regular sit down tables.We went for lunch on a Saturday and were able to get right in.  Our waitress quickly greeted us and provided a couple of beer samples before we settled on my favorite, Sonoran White Chocolate Ale....yum!The menu was fairly extensive with a wide assortment to choose from.  I decided on the California roll appetizers with a house salad.  The house salad had a lot of extras in it, not just lettuce and they have practically every salad dressing you could want.  My meal was very good.My husband got the Reuben sandwich.  He's somewhat of a Reuben connoisseur and he professed that it was the BEST Reuben he'd ever had.I'm going back in a couple of days for a work HH and think everyone is going to love it was well.
4	Love their carrabean mojito!!!! Me and my guy will usually go to sushi across from them and finish at this place for drinks. It has chill and sort of romantic feeling to it. I have seen people here order things from pizza to sushi ...so i guess they can do it all. I will have to try their food sometime.
3	Talk about disappointing....after giving this place 5 stars on Saturday for lunch, I went back with my coworkers last night for Happy Hour.  A few of us arrived at about 3:30 and the place was almost empty.  We let the hostess know that we were going to have a group of about 8 people for HH.  She asked if we had reservations and was a little irritated that we didn't.  Now this place is huge inside and it was empty at 3:30, I thought her attitude was a little uncalled for.  We were surprised that it did start getting very busy at about 5:00 and the place filled up as she said it would.  So keep in mind you should make reservations for HH even on a Tuesday....who would have thunk it?I didn't see our waitress Ashley that has been so great on Saturday, so we got Elena.  She said she was new so wasn't real familiar with the HH specials.  Service was very slow, the drinks and simple HH food took forever to arrive.  One of my coworkers ordered an appetizer and when asked later where it was, Elena responded that she thought she'd forgotten to place the order.  In Elena's defense, she was new and most of the service related issues were probably out of her hands.I would probably come back for lunch again if I was in the area, but would go somewhere else for HH.  There's a lot of other places to choose from in the same area.
1	So......disappointed after everything I have heard about this place.  We have a great work team and we are always planning HH around Mill Ave. as we work in the vicinity.  So, to get our group to stray and try something new, we thought Thirsty Lion a few miles away Tempe Marketplace.  I was really excited about HH starting at 3pm,  So, at 3:30ish, no one is there...few people at the bar, the high tops all have a reserve sign.  First, few team members to arrive, try to get a seat for our group...and we are asked about  our reservations. WHAT! on a Tuesday?  All the high top seating are vacant.  Anyhow, they did let us have one of the high tops.  So, now we are ready to order our HH specials.  Remember....there is no one there.  It took forever to get our drinks, they had nice options with their HH food menu, so we order a couple appetizers.  They were really nothing special.  So, I order the pretzel...looks interesting w/the beer batter sauce.  So, I am waiting , waiting, waiting....had to order a wine...I'm waiting, waiting, waiting.  Finally, I asked where is my wine...oh, it's coming.  How about my pretzel order.....the waitress forget to put the order in.  She did ask if I wanted her to put the order in, I said, no.  Now, I am ready to leave and a friend and I close out our tab.  I give her my credit card, that took forever too. The bill was incorrect.....she switch our tab and put the incorrect amount on my card...so now she has to reverse it. REALLY?It took awhile to get out of here.  As some of our team members arrived at 5ish the place got really busy.  They would put in their orders, but no drinks 10 mins later still waiting.  Finally, they just had to go to the bar and get their beers.  It was a very disappointing experience.  I guess we will stick with the Mill Ave. area.  Too bad I'll never try the pretzel.
5	I went there for the 2nd time last week and the food was real good. Mostly I'm impressed with the service. The first time we went there our waitress thanked us and shook our hand. I appreciate when someone makes an effort that goes beyond the norm. The second waitress was really good as well. This is a well run company. I hope they do very well.
3	A bar and restaurant opened at Tempe Marketplace that differentiates itself from the typical outdoor mall chains-Thirsty Lion Pub and Grill, the first location in Arizona with only two additional ones in Oregon. The Thirsty Lion is populated with sexy female servers in cute outfits and has an extensive menu of pub fare and 52 draft beers. I had soup and salad for lunch, with a garden salad and beer cheese soup ($8.95). This was my first time trying this kind of soup, and while it was probably made well, the beer taste was a little overwhelming for me. Don't order this unless you're a huge fan of beer.My salad was great and came with cucumber, carrot, red pepper, onion and croutons. The portion was generous, and the greens were leafy, and as far as soup and salad at sports bars go, this combo was one of the best I've had based on the portion and ingredients.My pal tried the Southwest Smoked Chicken Salad ($11.95), which was also an enormous portion and looked mighty tasty.There were a ton of other menu items that made me salivate, and I wish I could have tried them all. If I go back, I'm going to have to decide between the brick oven pizzas, the ultimate nachos and the chipotle mac and cheese. Everything sounded really great, and the service was friendly, too.If you don't want to sit on the patio, the dark interior features lots of sports televisions and a masculine atmosphere of wood furnishings. The place reminded me a little of D'Arcy McGee's, so if you're on the other end of Tempe Marketplace, you have another option for pub fare.
5	Had an amazing burger here and service was great. Have yet to disappoint in my 3 visits.
2	I was definitely expecting something a little different. It really isn't reminiscent of "pub" at all and once I saw the menu with minimal pub fare on it, I just had to move past that idea and look at it from a different perspective. The hostess was rude, but our server was absolutely amazing. He joked, had a constant smile, and always could tell when our drinks needed refilled. 5 stars for him. I got a chicken caprese sandwich, sounds good right? It wasn't as good as I thought. The thick mozzarella on it was cold while the rest of the sandwich was hot which made the bread extremely soggy. I only ate a small portion of it. The fries on the side were great though, nice and crisp! I've heard their burgers are really enjoyable. I would go back and try something different, such as a burger, but from my first experience their we both agreed it wasn't that great.
3	I once came here for my friend's bday dinner and got excited when checking out their beer menu. If you like beer like me, then you may get giddy. It kinda reminds me of a lesser known Yardhouse. It's got a huge beer menu and also an equally lengthy food menu (which I think can be a downside sometimes). Anyhoo, this place is huge with a decent size bar in the center and decorations that make it look like a futbol/soccer pub. They also got big screen LCD TVs all around the bar to watch sports, but if you're sitting at the dining area, you may not get a good glimpse of it depending on location. The service was good and we had some happy hour menu items which seemed to consist of the usual HH items like nachos, calamari, small pizzas, etc. (you know what I mean) As for the main course, I had the kobe beef burger which was ok. I felt like it could have been spiced up a little bit with a different cheese or toppings, but oh well. Maybe i'll try another dish next time and see. The HH prices were quite decent, but main entrees can get pretty pricey for a pub and grill sorta place.
4	Shopping around TMP made me thirsty for a cocktail.  There is some type of Cantina I passed by that did not look relaxing so I went to my Yelp app to see what else was around when I saw the Thirsty Lion.  I was expecting an English pub-like atmosphere and I was pleasantly surprised when I walked in and saw the clean and modern decor.  I sat at the bar, a great thing about this place is that it has HH on the weekends!  The bartender wasn't that great.  He just threw down a drink coaster and walked off.... uh... really?  When he came back around I ordered a specialty drink - mint and cucumber cooler or something like that - I was hoping for more cucumber than mint but the mint was overwhelming, it tasted more like a mint julep.  They did have a great selection of beers on tap but I really wanted a cocktail so the next round was a jack and coke.  I wasn't planning to eat but I noticed some hard-boiled eggs wrapped in sausage on the HH menu, I had to try those, it's not often that I see something unique on a menu.  They were pretty good actually.I can't wait to come back.
2	This place would be much better if they could pick a style of food and stick with it.  They are way to much like Cheesecake Factory were you have way to many choices.  My advice is to pick something you do well and stick with it instead of offering everything from steak to pizza to sushi.  They do have some cool offers for movie and a pizza during the week that might be worth checking out.
4	Best food I've ever had at a pub.  Outrageously good burgers and salads.
3	I hate being disappointed by bars bragging about their "huge" number of taps... while I can't dispute that they have 52 beers on tap, I can tell you that very few of them are worth drinking.. and that the prices here are on the ok to high side... I would never come back if it's not happy hour or late night pricing. I asked general questions about not discounted pricing, nine dollars for a Manhattan made with Jack Daniels and beers ranging from five to seven dollars... if I'm paying seven bucks for a pint at a sports bar in Tempe it had better be something from Russian River or a Stone anniversary brew... and a nine dollar Manhattan seems out of place... this isn't Scottsdale or a hotel bar.   Well the good news, Thirsty Lion is quite lovely inside, plenty of seating and dim lights, really not a bad place to relax and mellow out. Plus, the food was great, everything we've had has been very tasty, now it's all been off of the happy hour menu, but that's the only time I'll probably be here, the scotch eggs are delicious and my main recommendation. I'm hoping that in time prices will drop a bit and more craft breweries will get represented, but aside from the nice interior and spot on happy hour menu, Thirsty Lion just doesn't stand out enough to steal me away from Boulders or Taste of Tops...
3	I wasn't expecting much when I went here, but I was pleasantly surprised.  The food is good and fairly reasonably priced.  The beer selection is pretty good. Most of the servers are extremely friendly and efficient, which adds a really nice touch.  Unfortunately, the restaurant was understaffed during the one Friday night I was there- all but one server still did really well under the pressure (a grouchy bartender was the exception).  It's not my favorite pub food, but it's still pretty good.
4	I went there on Thursday afternoon around 3pm for the first time with my husband. We hadn't had lunch, so we decided to take advantage of the Happy Hour based on my friend's recommendation of the place. We were pleasantly surprised when we arrived. The service was good (even though hardly anyone was there at that time of day), the atmosphere was very nice (Tavern with Old English feel), and they offered a very wide variety of items and drink specials for Happy Hour.  We had the garlic edamame, crab cakes, chicken fingers, spinach dip, and calamari (we probably would have been full with 4 items, but we over-ordered due to skipping lunch).I'm looking forward to going there again for another Happy Hour and want to go back again for a regular dinner as well. The menu looked great.
5	A buddy and I go here for lunch once a month.  It is a great place, lots of sports on television, but with food that is far better than a typical sports bar.....plus the staff is extremely attractive....not a bad deal!
4	Place was packed on Thursday, but there were a few seats at the bar available. I went to watch the football game and although the game was on every TV, they didn't invoke the sound which was too bad. Not many folks were paying attention anyway as very little cheering was heard among the 400 people there. Ok, that said, I got there during happy Hour and had my first Kiltlifter at $3.50 per pint. One of the better happy hour dishes was the $5 bacon Cheddar Potato Cakes. This place gives you the full portion, not some skimpy HH portion. These cakes had mostly potato, but also bacon and green onion inside and served with their crunchy asian slaw and then chipotle aoili and scallion herb sour cream. Quite alot of flavors and they all worked together. Finally ordered a burger ($11) and alot of burgers were being delivered to people. Peeper Bacon and Cheedar on mine, cooked well on the first try and some excellent skin-on fries as well. Burger sauce consists of horseradish and ketchup I think, but that wasn't the greatest for burger, but good for dipping fries. Bottom bun got soggy, but otherwise a great burger. Really nice place overall and friendly bartenders (female) and a nice manager. Will be back.
1	Stopped in here around 6:30 on Saturday night after our movie got out. We asked to be seated outside and got a table quickly, although then we wished we had an umbrella because the misters were drenching everything. The host saw us scooting the table over to avoid the deluge and was nice about offering to help us out. After waiting for what seemed like way too long for some acknowledgement from our server, another server came by and offered to get us started with drinks. Our real server showed up later and introduced herself, brought us water and then scooted away! Even though we had been looking at the menu a good 15 minutes and were ready to order.So we waited.....and waited.......and waited. In this time I grew very impatient and realized that I had a whole wine rack at home and a fridge full of food.  We were deciding to eat out for the ambiance and experience and so far this experience was not worth my time or money. When she finally returned I had mentally checked out and told her we weren't hungry. She left our table as if she really didn't care anyway, and that first server, who wasn't ours came by to check on us and we said we'd take the check. Never been here before. Awful first impression.
4	The interior beat my expectations, and the bar was big with decent beer selections and quality pizza and appetizers for happy hour. Service was solid. I'd definitely visit again.
5	Yum! We were pleasantly surprised by this place! Saturday night and although it is busy, there were still tables available. We made a reservation an hour prior through Open Table. Love Open Table... Plus it was one of the reasons/recommendations of the website. We figured we'd be waiting at least an hour elsewhere. Blueberry mojito was sooo good. 52 beer selection. French dip and fries were really good. Husband loved the rueben. Awesome tender, sliced thinned meat and delicious. It was how Ruebens should be made. Cheddar mash potatoes were pretty good too!
5	I really like this bar & restaurant.  I usually come here to meet up with a friend and sit at the main bar.  It is modern and clean.  There are a couple bars to sit at and they even open a big door to a bar for the outside too.  They have some good brews on tap and have flat screen tv's as well.  I have only had a burger and fries here.  They burger was really good, the fries were really greasy and were just okay.The staff here is friendly & speedy.  I would recommend this place for a good place for someone looking for a nice place to grab a drink and converse.
1	This place took over Carlos Santana's place. Carlos place had reallly good food but was over priced. This place is over priced and the food is under-par and the service sucks! My wife and my step-son and I went there and deceided to try it because it was new and (the choice of a Good place isn't there) we were hoping for a good restaurant  in Tempe mkt. place. I guess we have to keep on looking.My wife had the file megnon and it  and I had the steak. Our boy had the American Cobe burger. She ordered her steak med.,. It came that way but, it had no salt, no pepper and was not the tender steak that you expect when you order this steak. Slightly stringey and a lot of flavor. I ordered the steak med. rare and I got it med. to med. well. By the time I was 3/4 thru it became med. well. We were greated and sat outside, and sat, and sat, and sat.    We orded and got our food 20 min. later and my steak was med. well ( I ordered med rare) and my Wifes steak was as if it came from a discount mkt.,. The best thing we had there was a taste of the American" Cobe "burger that our boy had. The plating was from the "Flinstones"! . There was a HUGE pile of mashed potatoes in the middle of the plate ( a pound or more), and the steakes proped againsted it along with aspargus. My wife was shocked @ the amount of potatoes and the plating! I guess it was to try and fool you into beleiving that the cost of the meal was worth it. We won't be back. Where is Carlose Santana? He was over-priced but it was good.We had a couple of drinks and our boy had a sprite. Around 90 dollars + tip. The tip was 5 dollars because we had 3 or 4 waitresses come by in the hour plus that we waited and at the end of the meal our orig. waitress showed up.
2	Goodness, how did we end up here? We were at this mall in Tempe attending a disappointing Road Runner Sports event and found ourselves starving and smelling something delicious in the air. We walked up and down the mall looking for someplace that could accommodate the newly vegan husband and somewhat picky kids. Sushi looked good but not for kids. California Pizza too many carbs. Mexican joint to busy and bar like. Cadillac Ranch no, been there before. Some Chinese place no beer, it is Friday night damn it. Smash Burger? Little one and vegan nixed that. Back to the Thirsty Lion - I think the thought of beer and no line settled it. Live and Learn. Live and Learn...So we were seated right away, in the bar basically. Approached by our waitress, she was brusk but helpful. We order beer and soda (it's Friday people!) and the edamame appetizer. She brings the sodas. Another woman brings one beer. I mention we ordered two she looks surprised and says cheerfully "It's on it's way!!".  Um, no. I see our waitress passing by I mention we only received one beer. Okay. She goes and gets it. Edamame comes right away. YUM. It was spicy, garlicky, salty goodness. We should have stopped there but no, we pressed on. I order the steak salad, she asks: how do you like your steak cooked? I respond: medium rare. The little voice in my head says " You should ask what cut of meat it is" Shush Voice, I'm getting meat! I say in my head back. My husband orders the closest thing he can find to vegan food: a veggie panini but asks No CHEESE. She says okay and writes it down, I watched. Little one orders off the kid's menu: mac and cheese. Big boy orders Fish and Chips. We are happily eating our edamame and watching the Tempe Mall groupies doing their thing. I decide to visit the ladies room and this is a huge place so I set out in the most logical direction. I run into our waitress and ask, Where's the ladies room? She was so sweet she actually walked me most of the way there! Great service! I was impressed. The restroom is just around the corner of the pizza making guys. I thought I should have ordered pizza. Yummy looking. I get back and the food is delivered. Where do I start? Steak Salad: meat was rare and tough. It should have been cooked more. The salad greens were fresh, red pepper good, onions too strong, dressing was nice and not too much. They put chimichurri sauce on the steak. It was over powered with thyme or marjoram. Too flowery and I've cooked with chimichurri and like it. But what was awful was the gristle. Made most of it inedible. Little kid: his mac and cheese was fancy so of course he didn't like it. So I quickly ordered him french fries and then they were crazy salty so he didn't eat those either. Luckily (?) the waitress was generous with the soda. Big kid: very much enjoyed the fish and chips. I tried them - a bit fishy but the best thing on the table!Now let's go vegan shall we? So immediately my husband takes a bite - into cheese. And stops eating. He looks through his sandwich plenty of provolone and mozzarella. A few minutes later the waitress comes by and asks if he is done, he says yes because there is cheese on the sandwich, she says sorry and walks away with the sandwich. We look at each other and say how is this going to turn out? So my husband sits there with no food while we eat. He eats a couple of french fries, we finish and she comes back with the check. For the full bill of 76.51 including the panini. Really???? Really. She comes to collect and we ask about the sandwich and she demands: What do you want?? What do you want? My husband says I would have liked to have eaten with my family. She says: Would you like another sandwich? He says everyone is done eating. She says I'll bring you one to go! He says okay. A few minutes later she brings the sandwich and the same check. Alrighty we get your point. We pay the bill and give her a tip of 15% based on the three meals and drinks that were appropriately delivered. Needless to say we will never return. Never.... ever .....ever.
4	Love this place! We come here a lot to watch a basketball game and get some drinks. The only down side is the food prices are kinda high for the food you get. The food is good, just not amazing. If you're looking for a fun place to drink and get some bar food, this will fit the bill.
4	Some of us had to work this past Monday, but for my friends and I it was a short day at work and we were in the mood to go to the movies to catch the new James Bond flick, but we had about 1  1/2 hours to burn, so we headed on over to the Thirsty Loin Pub & Grill, what a cool place! Love the set up!1st off let me tell you, on Mondays they run this special were it's a large pizza, 2 sodas & 2 movie tickets for $19.99,,,are you listening to this!!! Its dinner & a movie for under 20 bucks! Yea that makes Monday night date nights way easy baby! We decided on the happy hour menu, and what a great little menu, you can try all types of things and barely hurt your wallet! Prices were from $3.95 to 5.95 with plenty of variety.  And I think their happy hour beer prices were $3.50 to 4 bucks and they had wine, well drinks & margaritas for 4 bucks too! Ordered the Pub Chip Nachos, homemade potato chips, melted mix of cheese, bacon, onion, tomato & this chipotle aioli sauce, that sauce was great!  Loved it! Could eat chips in it all day!! Look forward to coming back and trying out other dishes!
4	I'm not a big fan of restaurants at a mall but they did a great job with this place.The decor and lay out is great, it feels open but at the same time you don't realize if it's half empty or packed.I had the burger with mushrooms, swiss and the side salad.Not great but pretty decent. Nice serving. The kids mac n'cheese was pretty good.Not pricey.For sure a place to try.
3	Good destination if you're planning on meeting friends at Tempe Marketplace.Lot of beers to choose from, decent size menu.  Go during happy hour!
3	My wife and I visited Monday Nov. 26 , 2012 happy hour 3pm.  We shared the fried calamari with tarter dipping sauce we both like it although I would have wanted tentacles and rings together no tentacles in this dish it was good.  Also ate the cheddar green onion fried potato cakes nice presentation but this batch lacked seasoning not much cheese flavor next time we will order the sauce for this appetizer on the side and get a real taste of what these potato cakes bring to the table.  The roma pizza well the outer crust of the pizza was cooked nice and a little crunchy but the center of it was very wet from the juices from the roma tomatoes not as sexy as I thought this pizza would be just too soggy.  Kiltlifter beer was cold the service was excellent I had a feeling the staff has been through customer service training.  We will be back.
4	This place is huge and cavernous and kind of reminds me of The Yard House. They have a great selection of beer on tap and I quenched my thirst repeatedly with the Lagunitas Czech-style Pilsner.I didn't sample the food but the menu looks like a step above what you'd expect when you walk in. We were looked after by an Aussie bartender called Sean who was AWESOME. I was still sad that I had to come home from Australia so it was good to talk to an Aussie. Anyway he took great care of us and we had a really great time....probably too great of a time but that's what Advil is for.
5	EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE! Even with Happy Hour in full swing and the place full of parched Winkies, the service at our large table was spot on. We barely had time to settle our bums and push the silver out to claim our table territory before iced H20 was before us, our drink orders were taken . . . and one quick blink of the eye and the "peacemakers" were before us!  Now that's what I call HAPPY HOUR!Bravo Thirsty Lion!
5	I love this place!!Granted, I've only tried their spinach&artichoke dip and their fish&chips, but golly both of those are DELICIOUS. They've got a great drinks selection, and the dining setting is really unique and welcoming. They've got loads of TVs, so it's got a cool sports-bar feel, but more restaurant-y if that makes any sense.I need to check out their happy hour as it includes a GIANT chunk of their menu at a great rate! Also they've got an agreement with the movie theater in the center. On Mondays, you can get a brick-oven pizza of your choice (normally 11.95-12.95), two non-alcoholic beverages, and two Harkins Theatres tickets for ONLY $19.95! If you're going to a Monday movie, you can't beat it.
5	This place continues to excel. Tried the BBQ chicken pizza last night and it was excellent. The BBQ sauce did not overwhelm the other ingredients and there were nice slices of white meat chicken, onions and a few types of cheeses on this nice looking pie ($12) Great place for Monday night football as every TV in the place is turned to the game and the sound is on throughout the venue. This is actually very rare as three other places in the Marketplace I checked out did not offer sound. A solid choice for happy hour and football.
2	Happy Hour scam alert: Went back for the late night happy hour last night and some things discovered are not making me happy, but it clearly making Thirsty Lion richer. They commit the thing I hate most at Happy Hours - short portions. The rueben sliders are 3 sliders in a normal order for $7.95, but happy hour gives you only two for $5.95 and same with the burgers and same with the potato bacon cakes, etc. This does only qualify Happy hour as occurring in the minds of clueless patrons who don't worry about the details or what's right. IT is not a Happy Hour if all your doing is shortchanging the portions to save your bottom line. All your doing is giving us less and charging us slightly less to make it appear like we are getting a deal. Well, the corporate idiots at Thirsty Lion have achieved their goals because the food is still good, so now the next time I have to order a non-happy hour version (even during happy hour) to satisfy me. Yeah the corned beef on the rueben was really great (one of the better, beer braised) and peppery saurkraut made me wanting more. The HH pretzel was average, the beer cheese sauce needed more cheese. Bartender was nice and place was quite crowded as well.    Food overall is still 5 stars, but HH scamming makes it two stars.
4	Really enjoy this place a lot. Great atmosphere, and it is clean, clean, clean. The food is good and the service is okay at times. Great to come during lunch because its not so busy.
3	Much like the Tilted Kilt, it is an "English"-themed bar that's very, very American. They have a nice beer selection and that food wasn't HORRIBLE (though not noteworthy) but definitely go to Four Peaks down the street instead if you're looking for a great brewery and food experience (while supporting local business!)
4	Just went here for my sister in-laws b-day the staff was awsome. We had a party of eight with a reservation at 7 on a busy night and we were seated almost right at seven. The Scottish eggs are great and for the main course I recommend the BBQ white cheddar burger it was amazing it has this garlic aioli  sauce that is so good. This is a great place we will definitely be back
2	If you like Chili's and TGIFridays but wish they were just a little more "adult," you'll love  this place. They have all sorts of "extreme appetizers" and "signature cocktails" and so on.There is a huge tap selection. However, a lot of them are occupied by BudMillerCoors or psuedo-craft brews like Newcastle, Blue Moon, and their ilk. They do have some very good beers, but the huge tap count is just not needed. The food delivers exactly what it promises. It's very rich and most things seem to be fresh. Prices are okay and their happy hour is pretty good. The service was good on my first visit and very bad on my second, so I don't know what to say about that.I should admit that I just don't like going to Tempe Marketplace. If I have a friend who really likes this place and wants to meet up here, I won't say no. I'd just rather go to Taste of Tops, Papago Brewing, Four Peaks, or about a half a dozen other places.
4	Food was decent.  great atmosphere though.  great place to hang out. plays great music at a decent level.  (some may think its loud, if they are older)  Plasmas everywhere.
5	Great food, friendly staff, good beer selection. We come often.
1	nope. nope nope nope nope nope nope. service was poor and every beer i asked for they were out of. i dont want to sit here and write a long, bitchy review so i'll just go with this: never coming here again.the end.
5	I love this place. There is a huge beer selection - 52 beers - and the food is great with large portions. Happy hour is my favorite time to go and I can get full from appetizers with no problem. The atmosphere and service is also outstanding, and I will definitely beer a returning customer.
4	Have visited the Lion a couple of times now, to have a bite after a movie. I like the place. Service is good, great selection of beer and drinks, and yummy food. What more can you ask for? The first couple times I ordered a burger ~ they're 1/2 pound burgers! Holy cow!  On my last visit, I ordered the Chicken Penne ~ Gorgonzola Cream dish. SO good; I couldn't stop eating it. Some garlic bread would have been a nice addition. Great place.
4	The food it good but the service is a hit or miss.  Some nights it is great and others we hardly see our waiter.  We go here for the large selection beer and TVs.  They make great mixed drinks too!
3	My husband and I came here with a friend because the other restaurant we wanted to dine at for lunch was closed. We were seated right away and our drinks arrived rather quickly. It took a while for me to decide what I wanted to eat, since I had my heart set on that other restaurant, but our waitress was very understanding and patient. Finally, I decided on the smoked chicken Waldorf salad - apples, walnuts, and chevre cheese. My salad was really good - I especially liked the apple honey dressing. It brought the entire salad together. My husband ordered the beer battered fish and chips and our friend ordered the bacon cheese burger.  The fish and chips were good, the fish was flakey and I liked the batter they used. The chips (fries) were good as well. Our friend enjoyed his burger, no complaints there. Overall, it was a good meal in which we got to catch up with our friend. It wasn't anything above average, but not bad. If we were in the area, we might go again.
4	As I am not a 19 year old girl there aren't many reasons for me to spend extended  time at the Marketplace.  I have heard good things about the pub and decided to make an exception.  The decor and ambiance are standard 'bar/pub'.  The food was a pleasant notch above what you'd get in the Gordon Biersches of the world.  Definitely some of the better fish and chips in the valley.
2	We went for lunch and I made the mistake of ordered the shrimp tacos and a Smithwicks because I was craving them. The FIANCE (yes, we're engaged!) ok, so he ordered a burger and Kiltlifter.  The food came and my tacos were whack (duh- I should have known better!) and Travis's burger was bomb.  It had a fat onion ring in it and thick cut bacon.  I ate more of his than mine.  Besides all that, our server was crappy.  She never came around to ask if we wanted another round of brews... LAME. As a pub- they should be bringing barrels to us.  The bill was $50.00. the end.
3	This was my first time here and unfortunately probably my last.  I'm torn between a 2 and 3 star but because the service was great, I went with a 3 star.  The food was good for bar food and the service was great.  It's a REALLY  big place which is great and they have an amazing selection of beer and food.  The only down sides were my dishes and silverware were dirty, like noticeably dirty.  Black stuff on my form and a black stain on my plate.  This is pretty stomach turning than goodness I'm not a germaphobe or it would have been all over for me.  I tried to get over it but the whole time I was eating I just was wondering how could you not notice a big black stain on a small app plate?  The food was tasty, a twist on bar food.  We had the bbq wrapped prawns, french dip and fries and I had a pom and goat cheese salad.  The food was good however, it left us with upset stomachs all night.  All in all I will probably never go back, which kinda sucks but there are too many places especially in Tempe Marketplace to pay for such a disappointing and slightly disgusting experience.
5	Enjoyed lunch here!Great menu, great prices, and good service.Really unique restaurant -- will definitely return.Try the prosciutto flatbread.
1	My husband and I went to the Thirsty Lion a few months back and had an awful experience! The food was cold, service was awful, and it took us 30 minutes to get the check.... On a Tuesday! One night we were out and thought we would give it a second chance. Bad choice! We waited at the door for 15 minutes before someone came to seat us. Once we were seated, We had to ask the bartender twice to send our server to our table so we could order. Server came to our table about 20 minutes after we sat down (as we were gathering out belongings to leave) an took out whole order. The food came out undercooked and cold before we even got our beers. Again, we waited forever for our bill.We will never EVER go back.
2	I'm writing this review after what started off as a good experience turned incredibly lack luster.  I took my friend here last night for her b-day and wanted some grub and good craft beers. It was a busy Saturday night with a wait, so we opted to eat dinner at the bar top.  The food was mediocre and the service was rather good, at first.  After two beers I was feeling a little bloated and decided to end the night with a cocktail, trouble is our server disappeared.  I sat there with a noticeably empty glass for over ten minutes. I located our server in the corner singing and dancing and yucking it up with coworkers and then with one particular male customer (he must tip well).  Finally the other bartender came close to us but only made conversation with the male customer next to us; again I was still sitting there, glass completely empty.  Finally I decided it was enough and just put my card down to pay, and of course that took another 10 minutes of waiting around.  Look, I'm fine with the wait staff having a good time (in fact I encourage it), however this shouldn't come at the expense at the customer's experience.  I work in the service industry and expect a good experience; I won't be back here for awhile after last night.
4	Located in the Tempe Marketplace Mall, this restaurant is a favorite place for me to meet someone for lunch.  Because it's situated just off the 101 and 202 freeways, it's very convenient for meeting someone halfway between 2 distant cities in the Phoenix area.  I've setup lunch meetings and happy hour get togethers here....it seems to work well for us.  I've tried the following menu items:Pepper Bacon Cheeseburger - $11.50Sliders - $8.95Ultimate Nachos - $9.95Out of the group, my favs are the Nachos and the Cheeseburger.  The Nachos are pretty large and can easily feed 2 people....although I took care of them by myself, ha!  The Pepper Bacon Cheeseburger is full of flavor and the spice from the Pepper on the Bacon compliments the juicy Burger very well.The Sliders are pretty good as well.  It's a good lunchtime option.  There's plenty of parking at the mall and it's conveniently located at the West end of the mall, so you don't have to walk around too much to get there.Return Factor - 90%
5	We stopped in early on a Saturday morning, 11-ish, both of our younger kids in tow.  The weather was  very nice so we decided to dine on the patio.  The atmosphere on the patio was pleasant, and we had great service, even sitting outside.  Our server was friendly and very helpful.  The food came in a timely manner, and was quite tasty.  I ordered the IPA-battered fish and chips to accompany the double chocolate porter from Four Peaks brewery...neither the beer or the food were disappointing.  I often order fish and chips at similar establishments, and I have to say the plate was on the high end of the scale here, I'd definitely recommend it.I can't speak for the nightlife here, nor the dining experience inside, though I did go in  to have a look around.  The bar and dining area seemed spacious, there are lots of long tables in addition to two-seat tables and larger booths.  It was dark, as you would expect from a traditional pub, and I imagine when the weather here in the valley is hot, this place would make a nice oasis.Our overall experience here was great, we definitely plan to return.  I would recommend this place to others, and would suggest if you are going to bring kids, sit outside.  The price was good too.  For one of the more higher end eating/drinking establishments at Tempe Marketplace it was very reasonably priced.Oh yes, and with 53 beers on tap...many from local brewers, I would definitely recommend this place to fellow beer enthusiasts!
5	A few friends and I stopped in one afternoon for lunch and were very impressed with everything. There was about a group of 6 of us and we all walked out pretty pleased, even including the one that you can typically never please. I think just her opinion alone was what helped me decide on a solid five star review. When we had stopped in at about 2pm we were greeted by the manager and a hostess. They were both extremely nice and were very quick to get us seated and promptly started us with our drink orders. Drinks came in a flash and came with the menu. The waitress dropped the drinks off and did not even hesitate to hand them to us as if she took the orders. She handed us the menus, answered some random questions and was on her way. Typical me, I was very thirsty that day and JUST as I was finishing my first pint, over she came asking if i needed a refill. WOW! talk about attentive! After a few minuets she was back and took all of our orders. She even came over and whispered, asking me if I would like another pint in a few minuets with lunch. ABSOLUTELY!My Pepper Bacon Cheeseburger came with another pint and I was as happy as a clam. The burger was cooked perfectly and was probably one of the better burgers I had gotten in the area. Kudos to the chef! After all was said and done, fantastic lunch and fantastic experience, I was even given a few of the Thirsty Lion glasses to bring home for the bar!Next time I'm in the area I can assure you that I will be back and would highly recommend to anyone looking to get lunch in the area!
3	This place is pretty neat! In the name you would assume it's like most divey pubs, but its not, it's a fancier restaurant/bar with 52 beers on tap and a nice food menu! Great location and atmosphere for a date night or to chill with friends! The only down side is, it's pretty pricey, for nothing special, burgers, pizza, calamari, things like that, the prices are up there. Yes there are 52 beers on tap, so it may be worth it if you're a beer person, if not.... meh... We went on a pretty busy night so I figured service would be a little hectic and slow, well they definitely showed me! Our waitresses were on the ball with everything, very quick, nice and professional. I am certainly interested in going back and trying a few other options on the menu.
4	The Thirsty Lion is now at the top of my list anytime I'm in the area and looking for an awesome spot to watch sports or start the night with friends. The atmosphere is upbeat and lively with various large seating areas with a variety of table options. The bar also has plenty of seating with abundant TVs for easy viewing. There are great happy hour options for food and drink with an abundant beer list. We only tried the appetizers while we were there, but I HIGHLY recommend the reuben sliders and garlic sesame edamame. Also, there is a local stout called Papago Elsie's Irish Coffee Stout - mind blowing! If you are into that kind of thing try it. I'm looking forward to visiting AZ again just to pick some up.
5	Excellent food, great service. I made a reservation for my husbands birthday for a party of 5. They had a table set up when we got there. They even gave him a free dessert and a card signed by the waitstaff. We have never had a bad meal and have been there 3 times now.
1	Went here on a Friday night with my fiance on 4/12 for drinks at around 5:30 PM and noticed upon entering that the pub was empty. We were seated by the hostess at a table where the sun blinded us, so we decided to move to a table right behind where we were placed. After about 10 minutes, we had still not been acknowledged by a server so I went back to the hostess and asked her if we could have someone take our orders. After another 5 minutes, our orders were finally taken. The food was decent but the service was absolute crap so I left her a dollar tip.
5	I've been going to this spot regularly since they opened and the food is always excellent! Whether this spot is slammed on a Friday night, or you check it out during lunch hour, you will be pleased with the quality of the food and service.  The burgers are my favorite, every combination is delicious and perfectly cooked.  The fish and chips are great (for being in AZ) & the beer selection is massive!  Definitely give this place a shot, you will not be disappointed.
2	Went here for the XTRA910 NFL Draft party on 4/25.  Place is nice setup. Lots of beers on tap.  Service or at least the server we had was horrible.  After 5 minutes of waiting for the server to come up, I placed my order for a coors light... waited 15 minutes, then the server came back saying my beer must of been delivered to the wrong table, asked what I wanted and then I waited another 15 minutes before getting my first beer.  Happy hour price of $3.50 for a pint of Coors Light is not the best, but ok.  We decided we wanted a round of shots and we were promptly told that they can't do that.  What a great drinking establishment.  No shots if you have beers.  Well who the hell wants to wait 30 minutes between a beer and a shot, not me.  Very disappointed with the service.  I really hope our server was having a horrible day because she was awful.
5	At the suggestion of a friend, we tried this place last night (Friday night).  It was busy when we got there (about 6:15 pm) and were told that it would be about 25 minutes.  We were directed to go sit out by the fire pit if we wanted while we waited.  In about 15 minutes we were seated at a table outside on the patio.  Our server, Joe ("hey-guy") was one of the best servers we've had in a long while!  He offered suggestions and we ended up with the NW Pub Burger with salad and blue cheese dressing and the Kobe Beef Burger with fries.  Both were awesome and the Pub Burger is to die for!!!  During our meal, Rene (a manager) came over to ask how we were doing.  We told him we were first-timers.  He told us to save room for dessert and during that discussion, told us we should try them all!  I told him that if they were on the house, we'd be happy to and he could come join us.  Long story short...he sent over the cherry bread pudding (on the house) and it was fabuous!  We will be regulars and can't wait to try some of the other options on the menu.  Everyone was friendly and we had a 5-star experience, top to bottom!
5	First time visit, on a whim.Excellent food!  Excellent service!  A little pricier than I'm used to, but well worth it.Upscale college-town, sports bar atmosphere, with 'pub' overtones.Cloth napkins!We had two different burgers, both prepared with precision and flare.  They have 52 beers!  Well fell hard for the San Tan Brewery Mr. Pineapple, an ale with a pineapple overtone.Had to end sharing a creme brulee'.  Outstanding!Hope to return next paycheck.
3	A co-worker and myself came here for her birthday lunch a couple months ago. We have been to Tempe Marketplace a few times together and kept telling ourselves we would try this place out, and we finally got around to it.We ordered the spinach artichoke dip for starters, she got sushi (can't remember exactly what kind as I am not a sushi fan) for her meal and I got a BBQ White Cheddar Burger. We both left satisfied and stuffed! My burger was huge so I only ate about half, and had to save the other half for later. The dip was so good we ate almost the entire thing (maybe this is why I couldn't finish my burger?), it had peppers in it that gave it a bit of zest and extra flavor that we couldn't get enough of.A couple months later we were back to test happy hour. I was there more for the food since I don't drink, but my co-worker enjoyed her Coors Light on tap, which she managed to drink 3 of before happy hour ended. We split the potato cakes and sliders off the happy hour menu and both were scrumptious. The portions were smaller than lunch or dinner fare, but considering the purpose it was perfect.The atmosphere is pretty casual and a teeny bit more upscale than your typical pub, and I like the way the building is generally round with windows on all sides for people watching. There's plenty of TVs for sports, but we weren't there to watch any particular game so I can't review that aspect.I give 4 stars for food and atmosphere, but the service both times was a tad slow despite it not being overwhelmingly busy, and our order got messed up the first time we went even though it was small and uncomplicated so that's why I took off one star. I'm not letting it stop me from going back again if I get the chance since a lot of people have great experiences here and it may have just been a one time thing.
4	First time visit on the way to a concert. We needed somewhere decent and conveniently located for lunch so we decided to give this place a try.And I am really glad we did. wow was it good.The restaurant itself is spacious and tables are placed with wide margins of distance between them. "Crowded" is the last word anyone would use to describe this place, even if every table was occupied. I like that very much.The waitress was attentive and did a good job, but the food was what really surprised us. The Tavern burger exceeded my expectations, and the bacon-wrapped prawns appetizer isn't cheap, but the experience is religious.Wasn't terribly excited by their specials so I had iced tea to drink, but the prices weren't too out of line. Easy 4 stars. Would like to return sometime at night and enjoy their very attractive semi-outdoor bar.
5	I have been to Thirsty Lion several times (most recently yesterday for lunch) and the service, food and atmosphere is amazing. Everyone starting from the hostess to the waitress was very genuine and nice. The food was also delicious!
4	Great food! Great Service! My wife and I went there for happy hour and ended up liking the food so much we just continued to order plates. All the food was fantastic and was brought out to our specifications. (Sometimes we can be a little picky how we order certain dishes.)Drinks were decently priced. My wife's vodka cranberry was literally overflowing with ice, so make sure you ask for no ice.Other then that one thing... We loved and would definitely go back for some more.
5	Lots of beer! 52 on tap :) Cool spot to catch a game. Haven't eaten here yet, but drinking here is perfect!
2	POO!  I would think after my last review this place would get their S#it together!  We came here for a birthday event in mid-day Saturday.  No ball game, no derby, nothing was really going on sports wise...so you would think service would be better.  I want this place to succeed!  It's a great location, the concept is fantastic, man...the service was still horrible.  The waitress at this establishment are ......hmmmmm -trying to think of something nice.  CLUELESS. The waitresses here are cute, overwhelmed, clueless, can't remember anything.  I would suggest just go to the bar and order everything.  More than likely you'll get what you want, your tab will correct and your food order maybe correct.Still not impressed.
3	In a word, I'd describe this place as "meh"Meaning, if a group was deciding where to go and someone suggested it - I'd go along without complaints but I don't know that I'd suggest it myself.  On the positives, the place is huge, and we've never had an issue getting a table.  The beer list is also somewhat large by normal standards - but in the new arena of extensive beer lists through the PHX metro area (OHSO, Angels Trumpet, etc etc) I wish that they'd stock more beers from the craft side in lieu of major semi-household names.  Food is ok, service is hit or miss.Again, if it's suggested - I'll certainly come here again it just may not be my idea.
1	DON'T GO!!!! after giving this place more than a second chance this place was a horrible experience each time.  Our last experience we get there and there is a big sign stating the times of happy hour.  We were in the time frame so we were excited and even the host said it was happy hour.  When we ordered the waitress said it wasn't happy hour b/c it was mothers day (WTF) and the place was dead.  After trying to eat horrible food and drinking overpriced drinks we gave our waitress a $25 gift card (which we had received at our last experience after waiting over an hour for our food) The waitress came back and said there was only $20 on the gift card not $25 even though it said $25 on the card and we had never used it.  What a joke.  If I could give negative stars I would.
5	I went here again and tried the Chicken Caprese Sandwich.  It was great!  Make sure you have the bread toasted or it will get gummy as you eat it.  I love this place!
2	Went here for trivia last night and the place was pretty slammed and we ended up outside the room where trivia was being held in an awkward lean over the bar and try to hear area. We had two high tops pushed together and the rest of the group was at the bar. It made for interesting relay of the question/answer. The bartender seemed really nice- but for the people at the high top, we really didn't get service unless we got pushy about it or got up to get it. It would have been really nice if a waitress would have helped up our tables or if the bartender could have relayed with someone to make it happen, but alas it did not. So I just had one beer when I would have ordered more and didn't order food. You wait so long to order then you just get frustrated and don't want to spend your money there anyway. I stopped somewhere else on my way home for a tasty burger (not my first choice- the pizza looked yummy). Shame- I wasn't the only one at the table who under ordered because of the snafu.
1	After putting our name in for a patio table, we were given a 20-30 minute wait time. After waiting 45 minutes the host told us she did not know when she would be able to seat us, and asked if we wanted to just keep waiting. Of course we said no thank you and left pretty disappointed. Didn't need to waste an hour of our time with an empty promise, but can we really blame them? They are just young faces hired to look good as you walk in. At least, that's the way it felt.
4	Huge beer selection which is great. The service is good and the place itself has a nice decor and plenty of TVs. The food is good I usually get the Newcastle cheeseburger. The prices are a little high, but you can tell that from the outside of the building walking in. This place could very well be a high class Hooters: It has all women waitresses and they dress in little tight dresses.
2	Went there last night for a friends birthday, and probably won't be going back. They had one waitress working our table which is unheard of, since it was a table of about 15 ppl. She skipped over a couple people when it came to ordering and said "I took orders from those who looked at me". Really? It took about 15 to get the first drink in hand. The food came out at a reasonable pace. The second drink I ordered took about 20 min to get! It was a beer at that. I ordered, waited about 6 min, my boyfriend went out to use a cigarette (which is about another 6-8 min) and when he came back in she came around the table again and he asked her about to drink and said was like oh ill get that right now. Another 7 min passes by and she finally brings it, and my boyfriend asks to see the manager. The manager comes over and asks what the problem is, my boyfriend explains and the manger proceeds to argue with him! The manger said we have not been waiting 20 min for a drink, that he saw the ticket time and it was put in 6 min ago, then he touches the beer and said it cold, if it were poured 20 min ago it would have been warm. RUDE! Bad service all around. And didn't resolve anything besides arguing with the customer and walking away!
4	I picked this place as a last minute alternative to our first choice for dinner that was closed on Sunday evening (Lolo's in closed?!).  I was showing my British boyfriend around Phoenix and on our last night in town, we decided to try this place out. First of all, I'm glad it's labeled under American food, because the menu is most definitely not at all British. I came in with my family - 3 kids (two older, one 3 year old) and my sister-in-law who has been in a wheelchair due to an accident. The place wasn't busy so they were able to accommodate our group of 7 with special requests quite quickly. Although I noticed if our table wasn't available, it would have been difficult to seat us since the other empty tables were located a step up above the normal ground level (which would have been very difficult to get to in a wheelchair).The menu was expansive, although the children complained the kid's menu had a lot left to be desired. Nonetheless, I ordered the pecan salmon, my boyfriend ordered the chicken breast, my sister-in-law the fish and chips (the only British item on the menu! No bangers and mash?!) and my brother ordered the fajitas. Fajitas were not available (ran out of tortillas?) so he opted for the chipotle mac and cheese. In addition to my own dish, I tried the chicken and the mac and cheese, and they all were quite delicious (my favorite being the mac and cheese!). I even stole some of the kids' pepperoni pizza, which is hard to mess up. The salmon dish was great, although a bit outnumbered by the mass amounts of mash and greens, but the contrast to the sweet pecan sauce was amazing.The service was average, as we had a trainee helping out our table and getting a few drink orders wrong, but nothing that wasn't immediately fixed and forgiven.As far as my review on this slow Sunday night, all things were good, but seeing some other reviews, it will be interesting to try this place on a busier night.
3	It's alright. The food is good. I had a burger. For the price I expected more but it was still a good burger. The wait staff is all cute college girls. It's all about the eye candy there which is why the place was so busy with middle aged guys. I prefer good food and beer over pretty girls but whatever. I had some summer beer. It was really watered down. The waitress said it was a popular selection but I think it was only popular because whenever a cute girl says to try something most guys blindly say okay and then tell her it's the best thing ever. Well it wasn't. It was a summer shame and not worth having again. If you want to go to a place and stare at women and get good food and decent beer, then this is your place.
1	Terrible service from Scott H, super slow for food and drink orders.  Try the bar next time.
3	Nice place. Good pub food. Great beer and cider selection. The staff has been personable and professionable in my three visits. Needs live music. Where's the live music?
4	Good location, nice beer/drink selection, decent happy hour prices.  Food happy hour items are not what I would consider a deal though, so just go for drinks.  The service is speedy and friendly, even with a packed house during happy hour.
4	The Thirsty Lion, is large, dark open and well appointed. This is not a college bar.   There is one large bar a the center of the place that is open all the time, and a smaller bar on the left side that is probably only open when it is very busy.  The staff was very good, our bartender Adam was friendly and knowledgeable and the waitresses were friendly and helpful.  The manager stopped by and made sure everything was alright because my friend left some food on his plate, she was concerned he didn't like the pulled pork, but that wasn't the case at all.  The fresh cut fries were nice and crisp.  The cheeseburger had a great grill taste with no gas flavor.The pulled pork smelled smoky and fantastic and my friend really enjoyed.  I had a small sample and it was tasty and juicy.The Lion has 52 beers on tap with a strong selection of American beers (Green Flash IPA?  Yeah, it was good) but I wish they had a few more British beers and Ciders (Fuller's London's Pride or ESB maybe?).
3	Thirsty Lion is an upscale pub with a good food menu but the beer is just too expensive. I came here on a Wednesday night for Trivia and the place was packed. It took about 30 minutes to get a table for 4, so I'd recommend making reservations ahead of time.My biggest grip with the Thirsty Lion is that they don't put prices on the beer menu, which has 52 options. Then I come to find out my normal beer was $7 a glass, which I think is way too much 4 drinks later. This place is just not cool enough to warrant regular beer costing that much. There aren't many vegetarian options on the menu, so I had one of the few, the roasted artichoke & pesto pizza. The pizza was really yummy - moist crust, lots of toppings, good cheese.
3	soup was almost  great the beer and chedder  but a bit salty , kids meal was not cynical e.g, not the cheapest thing they could fob him off with. service almost too fast :  We'd not had time to knock out the soup by the time the table started to stack like O'Hare airport on a holiday weekend. My enchilada stack seems all over the place , like 2 or 3 meals vying to win you over but not really delivering on any one of them.  It was ok in a let's push it all together and see what occurs but I won\t be repeating the dish.  Fish chips,  were nicely sized,good batter and fries came out right. They don't have as much cider available as I'd like to see in a place that makes allusions to being a UK theme but there's going to be something you like  to drink there unless you're so into beer that you need to see the resume of the brewer prior:)  Visited around 1230 midweek , 3/4 full, service good though a little rushed.
4	Solid eats and a great beer selection.One of the best options in Tempe
4	Great food and great beer selection. I can give it that fifth star after I check out the bathroom and eat inside. The patio was cooled ceiling fans and misters. They had Mirror Pond on tap - one of my favorites! I ordered a Salmon dish that included leaks and asparagus. It was delicious!
5	I have gone to Thirsty Lion many times for happy hours and for dinner with my husband. They have a great selection for happy hour and everything I have tried there is delicious!! No complaints!
5	Come here all the time with my girlfriend and have never been disappointed. Great food and great service every time! Whether we are wanting just a few drinks or to celebrate a special occasion, this is usually one of our top choices. We strongly recommend giving this establishment a try; you'll be happy you did! Keep it up Thirsty Lion!
4	Seating was good; it was a busy Sunday afternoon and lots of soccer fans were watching the U.S. game. Our server was friendly and helpful and the beer was ice cold. Lots of choices on tap and we found a few that suited us perfectly. Nice ambience - thanks a bunch!!
4	Well... It was alright. The service wasn't exactly the best but the waitress was nice. The bar had a nice set up though and I didn't realize how big the place was! I have the Southwest chicken salad! Yum :)
3	Decent food
2	The food I tried was bad.  Not average but bad.  That makes it difficult to give this place more than 2 stars.  If I was just out for a beer before a movie this would be a good spot but I don't think i'd go for a meal.
3	Went here on a Friday night as part of a group of 8.  We got there around 8:30pm and was told it would be bout a 40 minute wait, which is understandable since our party was so large.  We only wanted drinks though so we asked if we could it on the empty patio.  They have fans and misters, so hey why not.  The hostess gladly sat us but I guess there was some miscommunication between the hostess and the server because our server was pisssssssssssed.  And she made it known too.  I think she asked us at least five times whether we sat ourselves or if we went through the hostess.... Super lame and she totally made us feel unwanted.The food and drinks are your standard bar food, probably a notch better.  Don't get the spicy tuna roll.  Really heavy on the rice - it reminded me of those per-packaged rolls you get at trader joes.
3	I've been here on a couple of different occasions with my boyfriend for lunch.  I've shared and sampled a few of their sandwiches which have all been very diverse from one another and have great ingredient and flavor profiles.  I would recommend this place for lunch and/or happy hour.  The full bar is extensive and they have a great outdoor space when the weather permits dining al fresco.  The service is a little hit or miss with the younger girls who tend to be the servers, but if you get a good one the overall experience should be nice.
4	Went here for a first date with a guy. Sat at the bar and the bartender was flirting with me the the entire time! Was way awkward! Food and beer were great. Service was quick and friendly. Good upbeat and busy place. As for the date, was not my type.
4	First time at Thirsty Lion. When we arrived, the hostess told us it would be about a 25 minute wait (for 2). It was more like 35-40 when our table was finally ready, but whatever. Next time I'll make a reservation.The food I ordered was awesome! Chicken Penne Gorgonzola (or something like that). The sauce was flavorful and had a kick thanks to the red pepper flakes, plus some spinach and halved cherry tomatoes. Best part, they didn't skimp on the cheese! :D I wasn't crazy about how the chicken was cut into thick chunks (on the bias would be more appetizing for such a beautiful dish), but that's just me being picky I suppose.Will definitely come back.
4	This place makes really great pizza's . One of my favorites is the Roasted Artichoke Spinach pizza. I also appreciate the lighting and the wait staff are friendly and attentive. They also have a wide variety of beers on tap.This is my go to place when I see a movie at Tempe Market place because it is close by.
5	This place is absolutely fantastic, I've been there so many times and every time the food is served quickly and the food is amazing. They have such a great variety on food and drinks. There's 52 beers on tap and idk if ill ever get to to trying them all when the time comes. I love the environment, sports, great music and awesome employees and managers. I definitely recommend trying this place.
2	First time I've ever had an open table reservation not honored.  I'm not sure what to think about these people.  I get there at 5:55 for a 6:00 reservation. They don't have a table.  10 minutes later I'm offered a high top.  Seriously?  Is it just me or wouldn't you hold actual tables for opentable customers?  Anyway 6:25 we have a table. Food was ok at best.  The charcuterie plate might as well have been served on an Oscar Meyer plate.
4	(Lyrics - Chumbabwamba - Tubthumping)I get Thirsty so I go to the Lion's PubThey're always happy to see me aroundI get Thirsty so I go to the Lion's PubThey're always happy to see me aroundI get Thirsty so I go to the Lion's PubThey're always happy to see me aroundI get Thirsty so I go to the Lion's PubThey're always happy to see me around(Yelping the night away, Yelping the night away)I try a chicken dish, I try a some nachosI try the flatbread , I try a slider dishI sing the songs they play on the screens that remind me of the good timesI sing the songs they play on the screens that remind me of the best times(Oh Bo Bites, Bo Bites, Bo Bites)Thirsty Lion Pub & Grill is located on the far West side of Tempe Marketplace.  It's location is perfect from what I gather away from the movie going crowd and food court area.  Standing alone next to Kabuki; the restaurants is super spacious with a large patio with a fire pit.  Perfect for the cooler nights and not a bad idea for the warmer nights to just enjoy people watching.  No not like that Inspector Gadget; no stalking allowed!  I like coming to the Thirsty Lion during the late hours for HH.  They have a great selection of beers and the food is pretty damn good.  I love the nachos here!  Extra crispy with avocados, beans, and cheese.  Pretty basic, but they pile that stuff on like there's not tomorrow; eat up damn it!  They're bar nachos during HH is pretty awesome too.  They call them pub chips, or potato chips so they're extra thick and you're able to scoop up the bacon, cheese, onions, and tomatoes.  The saltiness and crunch goes well with a cold bitter tasting beer!  Yum on a warm night!  I'm not a fan of the flatbread or main entrees so I generally stick with the bar food and burgers, which again is on the HH menu and bar menu.  Overall, pretty chill ambience on a game-less night.  They rock out on music videos, that yes, reminds me of the good times and reminds me of the best times! - Enjoy!
4	We've been going to Thirsty Lion for about  6 months, now.The service entirely depends on whether or not the waiter/waitress gives a sh**!Some have been incredibile, others, not so much.  Like they haven't learned how to suck-up to customers, yet.(Just wearing a short skirt doesn't automatically translate into A BIG TIP!)As for the food.  the burgers keep bringing us back!Prepared CONSISTENTLY with care and precision, they are quite tasty!  The meat is obviously of high quality - no fast food burger here.And the french fries are to die for - IF they're fresh!Choices of many beers, unfortunately, unless they are Happy Hour specials, the craft beers (like Mr. Pineapple) are about TWICE the cost of any other B&G!WATCH for the bargains!.Sometimes, the place is almost empty.  Sometimes a zoo.  We've had good luck at 3:00 Happy Hour.Had the flatbread, brick oven pizza once.  It was 'okay', but nothing to cheer about.  The pepperoni was very smoky, but the crust and sauce were meh.We'll keep coming back for the burgers!
5	Great place! Everything we have here is great as we always find a reason to come back!Try the Ahi tune! It's not on the menu, but they will make it for you. It's awesome!
5	Haven't been to Thirsty Lion?  You're missin out!  This place is the best in TMP right next to Bar Louie.  Thirsty Lion is a quality pub with fabulous food and customer service.  I don't think I've ever had the same thing twice in this place, just doesn't seem right!  I will say the sliders are delicious as well as the nachos!  (My favorites so far.)  The atmosphere is great in here because it's not too loud, it's huge and it's right next to everything.  I recommend going here when you don't feel like going out for a crazy night of beers or a good place to start the evening.  Either way, if you haven't been....go.  :)
4	I love sitting outside by the fire pit...delicious food, fun atmosphere!
4	I was in AZ for work and finished the day around 10pm.  Luckily I found this this spot was open late, and we were able to order dinner.We were greeted by a friendly hostess and given the option to sit indoors or outdoors. We opted for outdoors, as they had a large patio with nice fire pits. I decided to go with the soup and sandwich combo. I went with a recommendation that the waitress made of their famous cheese and beer soup, and the mediterranean chicken sandwich. The soup was absolutely awesome. I have never had anything quite like it. (Thats saying a lot because i love soup) It had a great flavor but neither the beer or cheese was dominate or overpowering. I would go back solely for the soup haha. The sandwich was good as well, but nothing over the top.My friend went with the caesar salad and sliders. The salad was basic, no frills with ceased, and she said the sliders were very good.Overall we both liked this spot. Nice atmosphere, friendly service, and bonus points for being open late.
5	Beer.  I love beer.  They have a pretty big selection and a pretty decent happy hour.We tried a few items on the menu including the Scotch eggs!  Delicious!I had a pretty amazing sandwich that was more than I could eat.  Everyone I was with really enjoyed their meals and their drinks.  We will definitely be going back!
5	Love this place - a must stop every time I am in the greater PHX area on business.Sean and Elena in the bar are the best!!! Food is great, atmosphere even better after work and for games. Try the Scotch Eggs - a real treat.
4	Positively surprised. Way bigger than expected, but also way cozier. Inspiration from the original pubs, but on a grand American scale. Pretty cool. The bartenders are professional, with a little urge to showoff. That's cool with me.. I'd do the same if I was a bartender. The beer list is nice, very nice. Imported Pilsner Urquell, which is chzech pale lager (and has claims for the first pilsner in the world). But I opened with a Vanilla Porter that was great. I dont know what I expected out of this place, but I expected less than I got. Nice. I will be back.
5	Was not disappointed here! We were actually headed to a different restaurant at the Marketplace and saw this place. Not sure what it was so we stopped in. Now it's our fav spot to meet up with people. Food is great, service is great. I recommend.
3	Tried Thirsty Lion for the first time with a work group. Started rather rough as we got there before the dinner rush (4:30) and asked for a table for eight of us. They said it would be a few minutes. There were six people in the whole place!We waited 15 minutes before being seated (by the time we left at 7, it was only 1/4 full). TL seems to be going thru an identity crisis: are they a sports bar, an Irish Pub or something else?  Beer selection was ample, along with 4 seasonal beers. Got my fave: Kilt Lifter. Ordered several apps, with mixed reviews: the soft pretzel was good but the cheese sauce was nasty. What did they put in it?  The crab cakes were small, heavily breaded with little flavor. The calamari was liked by some and not others. I found them bland. The pub chip nachos were a big hit and we ended up with three plates of them!Our entrees came, which were mostly burgers, since reviewers said to stick with those. One brave soul tried the Kung Pao Chicken and said it was very good with good spice level. Another got Beef Tenderloin Tips and was pleased, but not with the $17.95 price tag. Service was adequate but for a party of eight on a slow night, I expect better than adequate.
5	I have frequented Thirsty Lion many times both by myself and with friends, and have always enjoyed it, but have not written a review. My apologies Thirsty Lion.The bar is beautiful to look it. With over 50 beers to tap, beautiful flat screen TVs, attractive  and personable bartenders, and a beer list like a Tolstoy novel, what's not to like?I've had the pleasure of enjoying the NW Pub Burger, one of TL's Signature menu items. The horseradish and peppered bacon combo was superb! A well prepared Reuben sandwich is the way to my heart, and the Classic Reuben I have had at TL did not disappoint. If a behemoth Reuben or burger aren't your things, then be sure to try one of TL's many entree salads. My personal favorite is the Grilled Steak salad, with a large portion of tender garlic marinated steak, Gorgonzola cheese, red onions and a chimichurri sauce. It is a winner if you don't have a hot date after eating it. I plan on trying many more things on the menu.
4	I am only a fan of the Monday special that they have and their Pizza. I Absolutely love love love their pizza.  I cannot get enough!  So if we go out to eat we will only come here on Mondays.
2	First time there and sat at the bar. At first we were over whelmed by the customer service (two waitress helping us out) then after awhile there was absolutely no one we could get to order a second drink. We waited about 20 mins just to get our bill and to leave after waving down someone. The place was busy and I had ordered a sample drink but after getting no service we decided to leave.
4	It would be remiss of me not to mention how distasteful my Peppered Bacon Cheeseburger was the last time I ate here. Salt and pepper is beef's best friend. The overly soggy fries didn't bode well either.Don't worry TL, I still love you and all of your endearing qualities. However, in conformity with full disclosure, I have to dock you 1 star, because honestly, now I'm apprehensive to come here solely for the food.
2	Worst service. Our server was a blond girl with long blond hair that was a little curly. I would post her name, but she never introduced herself to us. My husband waited while I was in the bathroom for five minutes for the waitress came over to take our order for drinks. She was terrible. When she finally took our order, she ordered his beer incorrectly.  She never ran any of our food out, the place was not busy to warrant using a food runner, and when she brought the check, she didn't ask if we needed any change and didn't bring change back to us until we flagged her down and asked.  Lastly she didn't ask or offer us any bags for our to go boxes. After all of this, the food was ok, but overpriced. I won't go back.  I'll just wait 6 months for it to close down and try the next restaurant that goes in.
5	I went to Thirsty Lion today to watch the Niners vs Seahawks on television   The first thing the server does as we look at the regular menu is hand us the Happy Hour menu.  I ordered a Kona Longboard Ale (Haven't seen that brand on tap in months) and with a group, we split the Happy Hour appetizers.--Scotch eggs were pretty amazing.--I wish we had more chicken strips, but the dipping sauces were amazing (the ranch especially after we got fries as well)--I highly recommend the edamame.  It's very flavorfulWe were well-attended by the staff and the food was delivered efficiently and in perfect temperature.  I don't look for things to complain about, so I didn't find anything wrong with this place.  It has a very nice modern, classy look to it.  FIVE STARS!
5	Wow!  I can't wait to go back. This place was super busy, kind of loud (but it is a bar), but the staff was on top of everything.  We had our orders taken pretty fast and the food came out quickly and cooked to order.I tried the Romano Chicken and it was so lovely. I want to go back and get it again.
5	Order the Beer Cheese Soup it is Amazing
4	the staff is gorgeous, the food is great, pricing is reasonable.  hard to park during xmas season as they are in Tempe Marketplace, but otherwise, very lively.
4	We booked with open table and it was a brilliant move.  There was a 2 hour wait when we arrived and walked right in.  So that was perfect.  The table was in the bar, which honestly was quite loud, but my server was amazing.  She was perky and efficient.  The menu is a bit schizophrenic with Asian and Irish on the same menu, but everything we have had there has been cooked perfectly and served quickly!  You can't ask more than that from a restaurant.  They have a great outdoor area with heaters, I clicked very loud, but that is just in the bar area.  We had dinner with friends there in the past and conversation was much more pleasant farther from the bar,  The margarita was WONDERFUL, BUT they served it in a beer glass.  I requested a martini glass with salt and they were spot on in accommodating my request.
5	This is definitely my favorite place at Tempe Marketplace. It's a super cool atmosphere and is always busy. Because of that we tend to usually sit at the bar. The bartenders up there are awesome, I wouldn't consider myself a regular but I know pretty much all of them which speaks volumes of how friendly they are. Love the Australian bartenders drink combinations, it's always a fun surprise to look at the menu and see what interesting mixes there are. Last night was a grapefruit and basil martini, yum! The food is legit too, my steak was a bit over cooked but they remedied the issue right away and went above and beyond to make sure we were happy. Thanks to the dude with the sweet mustache! Would recommend this place in a heartbeat!
5	Go to this place for your one stop eat all. Great staff and top notch food. I like the wood fire pizza and try the vast assortment of beers on tap. Started in Oregon and now popular in Arizona, this -Concept Entertainment , owned restaurant is sure to impress for any occassion. Enjoy the experience.
5	Prompt service. Great food. Fish and chips delicious.  Also try the scotch eggs, so good! Granted I'm writing this after a passion fruit mojito and little sleep. But I recommend this place for a family visit or a date. Beautiful environment.
4	Great place for tempe market! the food menu just changed so trying to figure out the 100 diffrent options buuuuuuuuuuuut! love the place. parking on busy night can be pain but great staff and the TV's to watch a game are huge!
5	Great Pub.  Good food cold beer...really enjoyed it....great selection of beers on tap.
4	SCOTCH SCOTCH SCOTCH, I LOVE SCOTCH.. eggs that is!Not only does this place have a great beer selection, it also has great food you may not find anywhere else (unless you are a food junkie)
3	Service is hit or miss - beer selection is decent - food is average.  The convenience lies in the location.
3	I have been to Thirsty Lion 5 or 6 times.  I have had good and bad experiences with wait staff.  Their food is actually pretty good.  The environment is great.  I'd go back, but wouldn't rave to friends.
4	We've ate and drank here 4 times. I will say it's consistent! I like it.Delicious food: pork sliders, burger sliders, pizzaOkay (not great) food: pretzel breadDrinks! The lion lemonade is delicious! They have a few other "girly" drinks on their happy hour menu that are good. Pretty much every drink we try is good.Pros:-Sliders-Pizza-Mixed drinks-happy hour and REVERSE happy hour - good deals!-Clean and updatedCons:-During the week they close at 11p or 12a, they don't have bar hours
3	Service was good food was really good. Had mac and cheese.  Bacon wrapped shrimp. Good place to cool and drink.
4	SOLID...just solid.  The food won't change your life, but it will definitely make your night.  Great selection of quality dishes and drafts under one very large roof.  Definitely something for everyone and a comfortable atmosphere with lots of space for even the biggest parties.  Service is hit or miss, unfortunately, but I always leave feeling good regardless.  B+
4	I really enjoyed the Thirsty Lion.  We were there as a large group (27) and they did a pretty good job keeping up with us.  The chicken nachos were amazing.  I had the waldorf salad which was really good but the chicken was too peppery, it overwhelmed the salad.
3	Not bad. Not good. barely acceptable food menu. Always loud and dark., Good beers and friendly waitresses. A little overpriced, but if you want cheap booze, Mill is a few blocks away.
5	The food here is amazing! As of this writing, I would have to say that it is the best food that I have had in the Phoenix area so far. The prices are very reasonable. The staff is extremely friendly and accommodating. The atmosphere is more like an upscale restaurant than a bar and grill. We have been back several times. Everything that we have tried was truly exemplary. We definitely plan on going back and trying everything else on the menu.
3	Great selection of beers. A little overpriced and really just mediocre.
4	We went to thirsty lion on valentines day and had great service. Shout out to our server steve. The Brussel sprouts and pancetta were great. Also the mojito! We ordered the ultimate nachos without cheese, and unfortunately it came out with cheese; but steve was very accommodating and had them remade for us. We will definitely be back!
2	Came here for a going away party for a co-worker who was going to greener pastures.  We wanted to grab two tables as people would be coming and going to say their good byes on a Thursday night.  I wish the wait staff would write everything down because they got some of our food orders wrong.  My friend pointed out the pizza, but was delivered pretzels.  Instead of taking back the pretzels they said they could comp him with free soup.  The food was good, nothing great, but nothing horrible.  Great beer selection, but horrible wine and hard alcohol selection.  The biggest problem is the bartenders. I would expect them to know how to pour draft beer in a pub.  There was no head on the beer.  I'm not a big head fan, but the head is there to bring out the beer's essence.  I tried ordering a B&B for a night cap, but they didn't have it so I got a Grand Marnier.  They served in a shot glass.   I think this is the only bar I've been to around the world (I've been to many places) that served Grand Marnier in a shot glass.  Maybe they thought it was like Jagermeister?
5	Went here about 2 weeks ago for the first time and it was absolutely wonderful! The food was delicious and there was a wide variety of beer and cocktails. I had the blueberry bliss- so tasty! We ordered the spinach artichoke dip, a flatbread, and a sandwich, all of which were very good. The staff was pleasant as well. I'll definitely be back!
4	Went here tonight for dinner with my girlfriend. First off, didn't realize how big the place was, had walked by it several times when at Tempe market place but its pretty big, has two full bars. So there are tons of places to sit. Which is nice. The place was rather noisy though, which was one of the only problems. That and it was very dark inside, hard to read the menus if you have anything but perfect eyesight There menu isn't to big, but its diverse, a little over a full page of food. Their drink selection is really good, a wide variety of beer (over 52 beers on tap according the menu and select bottles/cans) as well as a variety of wines and cocktails. After ordering our drinks, we ordered an appetizer. We ended up ordering Charcuterie. a nice plate of italian meats, cheese and bread. super tasty. we had ordered our food not long after we ordered our appetizer and after maybe 5 minutes of eating on our appetizer our food came out, super fast on cooking time which is nice, since no one likes to wait for food. I ended up having the Chipotle mac and cheese, which was amazing, and my girlfriend ended up having the Chicken Penne & Gorgonzola Cream. she liked hers as well but said mine was better.  when the bill came the meals weren't that expensive but the beers were in my opinion way over priced, i ended up drinking Rogue Dead guy ale, which was 8 dollars for 20 oz drink, which to me seems ridiculous. but no biggie because i enjoyed my meal and had a good time, all in all i definitely will return, the staff was good, the food was tasty and the selection of beer is awesome.
5	I really liked this place!  Went for happy hour and it was a great atmosphere.  Server was really friendly and checked on us a lot.  They have pretty good prices and I loved their beer selection!
5	We visited one of our fav spots Friday got a spot @ the bar the best bar tender short blond hair very nice and help full I wish I got her name she is always ON Point never rude if we just want one drink or 30 lol Highly recommend this place.
4	Food and service were good mid day.  A bit commercialized, but I accept that.
4	Amazing corned beef and hash, the ONLY thing that was a miss was they were shaving heads (hair) to raise money for cancer, which I get, it's a great thing, but you should NOT do it around people eating food! I found hairs in my dish, but they took care of it on my bill. So thank you to them. Other than that, great place and I will be back (hopefully when the barbers are not around)
3	I thought my salad for lunch was expensive for what I got.  Probably paying for the atmosphere which is trying to be an upscale pub.
4	Great patio, lots of parking and lots of beer options. The crowd is hit or miss though. I came with coworkers and had some very obnoxious college kids next to us that ruined the experience. I recommend this place for groups of friends but not groups of coworkers.
3	This place could be so much better if they would improve the drink menu.  The food is pub food which isn't great but isn't bad.
3	Tons of tvs and a very spacious. The manager turned the sound on for the game as soon as we asked which was a plus. It also took over 30 minutes to get a cup of soup with nary an apology or reason. Decent pulled pork sliders as well. For a mall bar, it's certainly ok.
4	This was my first visit and it was very pleasant. We sat on the patio which is pretty good sized with the option to sit near the street, mall courtyard or at the bar. Good selection of beers and burger options. Three of the four of us opted for burgers which were cooked nicely to order, very moist and flavorful. There was alway someone coming by asking if we needed anything and how we were doing. Didn't have to wait and look for our waitress as it was a tag team service....... nice
3	Food was good but service was just ok. it took about 15 minutes just to get our drink order and the waitress only checked on us once after we got our food. the Caribbean mojito was amazing!!
5	Its a great place to get together with friends. The food is so good. They always have great music playing and sports on tv.
3	We had a very large group come in, so granted, the waiting staff had their hands full for most of the night. It took a while for our food orders to be placed, which left some people a bit grouchy. Maybe if we had some breadsticks or chips or something to tide us over before we ate it would have lifted the mood a bit.I ordered the recommended pub burger and was not disappointed. Burger meat cooked to order, on a hot ciabatta bun and just tons of stuff falling out of it. I heard the orange chicken and rice wasn't a big hit, so I made fun of my friend for ordering a non-burger dish at a burger joint. The Tennessee tea was light and tasty, so you couldn't really detect any liquor in it. All in all, I don't mind this place, hopefully we can come back again the next time in town (but with a few more helping hands, our server looked disheveled and beat by the end of the night!).
3	On a friends recommendation, I came to the thirsty lion to try the Baja fish tacos. I sat at the bar during happy hour and it was very busy - the bartenders were swamped. The thirsty lion had lots of waitresses running around but only two bartenders servicing the entire oval bar which is fairly large. They could have used help! I saw a couple other people trying unsuccessfully to flag them down to try and order another drink. I waited for about 10 minutes until finally they saw me and ordered a beer.  The bartender asked me if I was going to eat and I replied yes so they gave me a menu. After that they were so busy and overwhelmed pouring the drinks for the restaurant,  it took them about 15 minutes to get back around to take my order. After ordering the fish tacos it took about 20 minutes for them to bring them. They were very delicious - wrapped in two soft corn shells - grilled cod with shredded lettuce cilantro tomato onion and salsa. Side of delicious black beans comes with it. 3 Tacos were $14 and the beer $5.50.  Total out the door about $25 for tacos and a beer. The beer was ok, but I could have used another - too bad the bartenders were too busy to notice. Maybe I will try try them again - but next time wait until after happy hour subsides.
3	I have been here several times and LOVE the food. The only reason I gave it 3 stars was because the last time I was here was for a lunch date (first date) on a Saturday at noon, they open at 11:30. The hostess seated me at a table that had salad on the floor and the table or chairs weren't wiped off very well, if at all.   The hostess apparantly didn't see the serving of salad she was standing in or just didn't care, but everyone ignore the lettuce, croutons and tomatos on the floor.  Everyone probably figured that since it was so early that all the salad would be kicked under the table before the dinner rush :)Our server was excellent, I wished I could remember his name, but he was very attentive and a very cool guy.For lunch I got the lightly breaded chicken in lemon caper sauce with pasta and fresh green beans.  It was excellent, I must admit.  It's one of those dishes that's sooo good that you'll eat until you're full up to your eyeballs.  Of course I'll go back, next time I'll know to kick the krap on the floor out of the way, too.
2	Eh, nothing to rave about.Went for happy hour at 9:30. Appetizers were cheap and pretty good but not amazing. Drink prices suck. $4 domestics on happy hour. $6+ for everything else. Service was bad. Got 2 rounds of drinks and each took about 10 minutes. I knew it was the server's fault (as opposed to the bartender) because both times the beer had no head and was a few centimeters short from being full....definitely sat on the bar for a while before being picked up. Don't plan on going back. Can find cheaper happy hour prices with equal or better food.
4	Comfortable and inviting patio area with fire pit.  Good service & food
5	Awesome food, had the Jalapeno burger, and everyone else had different burgers as well and all were delicious.  Server was attentive and knowledgeable.  Will be back
3	Good food....but very loud!!  If you want to have a conversation with your group it's best to pick another place!
5	We came on a Friday night and the atmosphere was great! The playoffs were on and there was just a really fun vibe. We ordered the spinach artichoke dip and it was sooo delicious! Definitely a new favorite! We also split the NW Pub burger which was yummy too! Didn't love the fries though. Service was great and overall we had a great time! We will come back soon!
3	Love the Happy Hour. Really good variety. I had sushi last time, the California rolls were huge and really good. The service is decent. The people I was with had beer questions that the waitress didn't know the answer to. I work at a bar and I knew how to answer those questions. The girls work attire is cute. I liked the overall feel and outside seating. Definitely craving my meal I had the other day and will be back soon :)
4	Great atmosphere-decor is interesting. Seats are comfortable even the high top table style. Menu offers many styles. Good drink options, too!
3	A great lunch place with some very hot women.  You're close to ASU so expect talent both as patrons and as workers.  It's the usual type of bar and lunch food.  Sandwiches, drinks etc. Nothing really remarkable, except for some beautiful women.
4	Great happy hour and the food is delicious!
4	TEMPE, AZ: (Drinks Only) Came here with business associates.  The vibe is fun, they have lots of TVs and it feels like a nice unwind spot.Tried the Mojito and it was awesome!  (I even ordered it virgin).  The food looked pretty good.  I'm looking forward to my next visit.
5	I ended up scheduling a company happy hour here, recommended by a co-worker. I've been to Tempe Marketplace plenty of times, so I was really surprised I've missed this gem of spots. You walk in and it's very roomy and open. Amazingly large stocked bar in the middle, many tables (high and low) on both sides. It feels very sophisticated. I'm a huge sports bar fan, and this is a top notch one.  But, it's also a restaurant. If you're looking for intimacy, it's probably not the spot. If you like people, and to be part of something, it is.I just started a pretty strict diet, so the food and drink was not a large part of my experience. The group ordered just about everything off the Happy Hour appetizer menu, which is pretty extensive. Everything looked great, and there were no complaints from the foodies. Lol.  I special ordered a simple chicken breast with a side salad, and it was perfect. The staff was very attentive. From the hostess calling to confirm the number in my group, to seating us at a great table for 10, to the manager coming along to check on me because my waitress was just coming on and would be a couple minutes, to food and drink coming out timely. On a side note, our waitress looked like a super model! And, took great care of us.I'm looking forward to going back again, when I can explore a bit more on the food and drink menus!
1	Absolutely horrible management!  The people here advertised plenty of seating for the World Cup games only to turn away people who arrived more than an hour and a half before the game.  They delete negative comments on their facebook page to save face but the truth is they have an uncoordinated front of house staff.  They advised people to go somewhere else but ended up having tables ten minutes before the games started.  Their explanation was that they couldn't do anything and had no idea how to seat anyone.Avoid this place because of the management!
5	Ate here randomly with my family, were extremely surprised at the amazing food. Our server was very nice and attentive, she checked on us several times and was very helpful. We ordered the artichoke spinach dip and it was hands down the best we have ever had. I had the quinoa & black bean burger and it was phenomenal. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone
3	Walking around the area with a friend when we decided to check this place out. We just went in for a few drinks but decided to get some food, wasn't too bad but wasn't the best. Had some sort of Irish egg that was pretty decent but the rest of our appetizers weren't too good. Service was mediocre for not being so busy.
4	This is a casual, yet sophisticated place to eat. We got the corned beef, a traditional pub entree, quinoa black bean burger as well as the Scotch eggs, which were all equally delicious. But I highly recommend the Scotch eggs because it's so unique!
2	This was my first time here. Came for a lunch date over the weekend with a few friends. I wasn't really hungry since we'd just finish a movie (and a medium bag of popcorn) so I ordered from the appetizer section of the menu and got the calamari.  Now, my hubby and I have a thing where we always order calamari (if available on the menu) and if it blows us away then we know this is a place that we'd go to again.  Well, it didn't blow me away. Not one bit. The calamari was crispy but it was bland. There was nothing special about it. The sauce was even more disappointing. It tasted like mayo with some spices blended in. I know a lot of sauces are mayo based but this one tasted too much like mayo.  The service was okay. It was really busy due to the weekend crowd plus with all the soccer games going on.  Our server did the best he could do. He was friendly but nothing memorable about my experience other than my company of course.  I probably won't be coming back but it's worth a try. It is located in Tempe Marketplace so they're bound to get traffic no matter what. I'm just picky about my calamari.
5	Definitely great ambience with the German fans during the World Cup finals! Although the best was their service! Despite the loud crowd and the number of people crowded in the bar, the service was excellent! Our server took really good care of us with frequent checkups. That was impressive!Food was good - but I like this pub/bar for the service - truly dependable each and every time!
4	So I was trying to get into this place. But there was a limit on the number of people allowed here since the last soccer game was on. The lady was a bit snippy in the way she turned customers down. She could've been more friendly. My friends already had a table reserved with 2 empty seats waiting for us. Finally after talking to the manager and having to show him the 2 empty reserved seats, we got to enjoy the ambiance. The place looks inviting. The server made up for the poor introduction to the place. The server was excellent- friendly, quick, and responsive! Thank you! Then I had hot coffee with a warm blackberry cobbler. I thought I was going to get a slice, but I was pleasantly surprised with a cute individual mini pie. It was sooo good!
2	My aunt and I enjoy the food over all. One night we sat outside because it's just little bit loud inside. Anyways, there was (excuse my French) shit on the ground and a messy table more then half way through our meal. Seriously, coming from someone who works in a restaurant I would had that crap cleaned the moment I saw it and walked by. The staff could spend less time gossiping or worry about parties ect. This is a fun place to come but not flattering on this certain night we came. Also what was up with the chick lighting the fire pit on a night 110 degrees?
2	The food here is just average. I expected more and was pretty disappointed with the quality of the food. It was also very dark, loud, and the service was really slow.
3	Good place for a business lunch. I've gone several times with clients and the food has been good. Nothing that truly stands out but good. I think my favorite item so far was the Beer Cheese Soup. Very tasty!!!
5	Met a friend here for a few beers and dinner last night.  I liked the feel, and the bar stools are very comfy.  The atmosphere was good.There was some trouble at the bar, as we wanted to order dinner from the bar.  One bartender said he'd take our order then promptly left for a really long time - like we didn't see him again for 20 minutes.  In the meantime we tried another bartender.  He confessed he was a barback and wasn't clued in on the menu.  The same happened with another person behind the bar.We were in the process of getting up to go elsewhere for dinner when Star took the reins.  She assured us she would take control of the disorder and fix everything.  My friend ordered the sirloin with asparagus, and she said it was really good.  I ordered the grilled salmon with seasonal greens and the salmon was extraordinarily good.  Cooked to perfection and served hot off the grill.This was an example of somebody (Star) noticing a failure in progress and successfully saving it.I didn't give them a 5 star because I got a discount - there was no discount - the rating is based on the service I ended up receiving, the quality of the atmosphere, and the outstanding food and beverages.I'll be returning soon.
4	Very nice, clean and great atmosphere. Service is friendly and quick. Fun for a date, groups and families. Food is made to my liking and very tasty and affordable. It's set in a great location where can meet and greet friendly customers as well.
4	Very busy Saturday night. 30 min. wait for 3 people. Mourn party ordered 2 salads and the Chicken Enchilada Stack.  The salad plates looked small but were deep...plenty of food all the way around. No room for desert. Would definitely come again.
4	Good food that came out quickly and the service was very friendly. Clean and neat decor. Will definately come back!
4	Went here a few times, the White cheddar burger is excellent.Seared Ahi Tuna salad was good.They carry local brewery beers. Waitress each time was on top of it, excellent service.The mojitos were a little disappointing.
3	They have Bells Oberon on tap here!! Get it while you can you guys!! We got here jus in time for the happy hour menu which was perfect. My friend and I shared the potato cakes, sliders, fries, and soft pretzel. The sliders and fries were so good! We honestly probably would have been full if we had jus stuck with that but the other two items were pretty decent also. Next time id like to get there in time for the fancy menu!!!
4	Was there last week, they have alot of choices for draft beer. Will be back soon to try 'em all :) of course with the Edamame for snacking. Nom nom nom.
5	The place was awesome. Had a great lunch. Krystle was great, Erin provided good prompt service. The food suggestions were very good and we enjoyed our meal. Will be coming back.
1	Would not recommend this place to anyone. They have definitely gone downhill since my first visit. The happy hour beer list has been knocked down to just the normal and doesn't include craft beer options which is what I look for. The food is alright but last time I ordered the Scottish Eggs and the yolk was exteremly undercooked. The service is horrible and the hosts spend more time chatting between themselves than helping incoming customers. I felt like I was breaking up a group date just asking for table! They could do much better business being in such a prime location.
1	I do not like places that do not offer a separate lunch menu. There is lunch and there is dinner, the prices for lunch need to be cheaper than dinner, any restaurant chain that has not gotten the message by now needs a brain check. I came for another date so there was no turning back, but there should have been due to the one menu policy. The $10 hamburger was average and the side portion of cole slaw was not well executed and tiny. This place has finally achieved one star status due to corporate greed at happy Hour and now lunch as well. date was boring too
4	I really enjoy coming in here. The drinks are good, the atmosphere is fun, and the bartenders are awesome!
4	The Scottish eggs were amazing, so were the fish and chips.  The bartender we had was spot on and hilarious.  I would give her a shout out if I could remember how to spell her name without butchering it (Red Head behind the bar Monday afternoon, thank you!).  Excited for the new one to be built in Scottsdale.  Will definitely become a regular.
3	This is a service review only.  My date chose this restaurant because they have the beer he enjoys.  We arrived for our dinner reservation about 25 minutes early.  I had requested a booth.  They seated us at booth "41".  After about a 20 minute wait and nobody acknowledging us, or taking our drink order, we flagged down a waiter.  He said it was not his area but he would take our drink order.  A few minutes later our beers arrived.  My date's beer was the wrong color, so he knew it was not what he ordered.  We again flagged down who we thought might have been manager.  He said that beer comes in two flavors, so he took that one away and our waiter returned with the correct beer and an apology.  He said he should have asked which one, since they have two kinds of that same brand.  Sometime after we had started to drink our beers the waiter came back to take our order.  We started with the Scotch Eggs, which are amazing!  Soon after that we ordered our meals.  My date ordered the Green Chili Chicken Sandwich and I had the Grilled Veggie Panini.  When our meals arrived his looked fine, but mine was wrong.  So we once again we flagged down the waiter to make the corrections on my meal.  He promptly brought back my correct meal and an apology, again.  After we finished our meal we sat there for quite awhile to enjoy the various sports games on the tv's.  So when we were ready for our bill...shocker it as wrong.  They had not removed the first incorrect beer from our tab.  So, you guessed it, had to get the waiter back.  He corrected it and returned to us for payment, I must say that I was shocked that they had not COMPED us anything for all the errors make by them.  So to recap.  We had at least four different staff helping us throughout the night. they were understaffed for a Saturday night and our waiter "Ryan" we think that was his name did his best.   We will go back, but maybe we'll sit where we could be seen.
1	The service was poor. I asked for no meat on my flatbread, only to receive it with meat. They took it back for a "new" one, so I had to eat my soup and wait 15 more minutes only for them to bring back the same bread only with no meat. It tasted like the bacon, and the bread was soggy.
4	Good food and beer selection. Service is hit or miss, so I wouldn't suggest going in if you are in a rush! Menu is great, I don't think I've ever had anything I didn't like. The Veggie Panini, Caprese Chicken Sandwich or any of the flatbreads are my favorite. I always get a side of ranch if I get fries, the peppercorn ranch is awesome! Lots of TVs for game viewing, and a really nice patio space. One of the better restaurants in Tempe Marketplace, worth checking out!
4	The french dip is killer. I've never had a meal that wasn't delicious. Our servers have always been nice and helpful, even though it is a busy place so naturally it can be a little loud or take a while to get your food, but that's kind of expected considering its location and size. I like the atmosphere a lot, too. The only thing that drives me crazy is how a decent number of the tables have stools instead of chairs with backs. Maybe it's just me, but it's hard for me to relax if the chair doesn't have a back (unless I'm at the bar of course). Nice place, though.
4	The Thirsty Lion is another very good restaurant that's so close to being five stars.The begin with the staff at the front door are great, so nice, so helpful, just wonderful.  Make your way to your table or the bar and unfortunately you'll be greeted by an arrangement of unnecessarily uncomfortable seating.  The bar stool while soft are backless and meant for a night club.  At the table you'll get either a cheap wooded bench or a wooden chair without lumbar support.  This is not the kind of restaurant that needs to force you out quickly so I'm not sure why the seating so terrible.The staff though, they are a different story.  Be prepared to think this is your local dive because the staff will treat you like your one of 3 people in the either establishment, they're simply just great.  The staff will really make feel like you belong here.Food...now that's complicated.  The menu is so much more expansive than any restaurant of comparison that you'll be hard pressed to not find at least one item that tickles your fancy.  The complication come in when there seems to be at least one awkward ingredient in each dish.  If you're not pick them you'll fare well.  I myself am very picky about my bread items and for instance, the buns and bread that accompany the burgers and sandwich really fall short.  They're tasteless flavor mops, whatever flavor you find inside of they're amazing burger is sucked out by a dry bun akin to styrofoam.  The drink selection here do not disappoint, whatever kind of beer you like they'll sure have something to fit your pallet.  They also have a great assortment or wines and an expansive mixed drink menu. The Thirsty Lion Pub does not disappoint, well at least not across the board.  They're indubitably better than most in the area.
2	We used to live in Tempe but moved shortly after the Thirsty Lion was opened. We were fortunate enough to eat there before the move, and have been back (now a 40 min drive) on special occasions.  Our latest visit was this past week, we were told, very sadly, that they removed my husband's favorite menu item from their choice of offerings - corned beef and cabbage.  But why? We weren't given an answer - and left without eating...very disappointed they changed their menu.
4	Was a great place to go! Packed to the roof when we went! But service was awesome and the drinks were great! Fun atmosphere, and rowdy crowd when it came to the football game :) The Nachos were awesome too!
4	service is hit or miss but overall good bar, I went for world series game and they would not put the sound on.  They are not a true "sports bar" but the food and beer are good.
5	The Thirsty Lion! My main squeeze calls it 'The Lannister Bar.' I really love this place. It has a great ambiance, the beer selection is awesome. I love IPA's and they have a fine array of them here! We have always had great service, and their food is wonderful. They have what might be the best salad of all time here! It has Kale, chicken, yummy extras and a glorious dressing! I devour this salad whenever we go. Last time we went I used open table and we got seated right away, even though there were people waiting. We always have fun and leave happy!
4	Awesome! I enjoyed a margarita & some appetizers. Spinach dip w/chips & 2 pulled pork sliders. YUM! It could've been better if the serving size was bigger, but hey! they were appetizers.  Friendly service & nice patio seating, next to a firepit, lovely.
5	Have been here multiple times and had great service and food every time. Their seasonal menu is delicious!
3	Huge place.  Cavernous even.  Lots of heavy, dark wood to give it a pub-like feel sans the intimate feeling of a neighborhood pub.  They have a full bar and tons of beers and wines to choose from.  There was a large food menu, though not a lot of choices for vegetarians.  We just had drinks and apps.  We had the beer cheese and the spinach dip with pretzels.  The pretzels were HUGE, like the size of my head!  The spinach dip was good and garlicky, but nothing to write home about.  The beer cheese was no bueno...and I really mean NO BUENO.  Bad enough that I actually complained about it to the server, who was not very sympathetic about serving something so rank.  Speaking of server, the service was a-ok.  I'm pretty sure he forgot about us a couple of times, but did a fine job when he was present.  The bathrooms are cool.  I would come back here, but not with any sense of urgency.
5	I came in with my fiancee for a quick bite with a few friends.  It was easy to spot my friends from the moment I walked in.  This place is like one giant room.  There are TV's and Music Vidoes playing, but not so loud that you can't have a conversation with your friends.  We were sitting at a 6 person high-top and had no trouble chatting over the music.  We were pleasantly surprised to see that it was happy hour, and there are a bunch of cheap appetizers.  (Sorry, I can't remember when exactly happy hour is...we met around 5ish)  My fiancee and I ordered the french fries and California roll to split.  The fries are good, but the California roll was super delicious and a large portion!  I might have to come back to try more of the sushi, because I was not expecting that it would be so good.The service was very good as well.  Our waitress was very attentive, even though our group ordered only appetizers and water.  Our glasses were never empty and our empty plates were taken away in a timely manner.  I would recommend this place for a casual hangout, and will surely be back again.
5	Loved the seared ahi tuna!! It's out of this world! My wife had the Pork Tenderloin with a Dark Cherry Sauce from the special winter menu --- it definitely deserves a place on the regular menu - DELICIOUS!!! The service was awesome as always, including the manger who stopped by a few times just to make sure we were all taken care of. Oh, and before I forget, their Edamame is so good that eating it anywhere else pales in comparison.
