4	Hair salons are based on hair stylist. I like this hair salon since it has over the years good quality hair stylist. My last experience was great, to be honest I though my stylist was having a bad day. She was rough with my hair and her body language screamed I don't want to be here but I can be wrong and she was definitely pleasant. The mood seemed to change when the owner walked in which happens to a lot of businesses. In the end though she cut my hair and I love it. Its a new style for me but everyone who has seen it loves it, much better than my long Darth Vader helmet I have been rockin'. Past experiences were not so great. I am not kidding but I had a hair cut that took 5 minutes. She didn't even do anything. She didn't do what I asked and overall I wasn't happy with the style and I have had my hair cut from her two times and both were terrible. She is still their at the salon but I was fortunate she wasn't there. I will definitely go back but I will try to avoid her. From now on I am going to call ahead and wait for Nina, she was awesome and in the end her work was incredible.
5	Went to style 5 after searching hi & low for a hairstylist that cut African American hair.....nina cut my hair she was really nice & friendly.....I was in & out....definitely will be coming back.....thanx Nina......prices are really good too!
5	I moved to Henderson for my job 3 years ago. I have been driving back to Laughlin every few months to get my hair cut because the prices around here are so high. My mom has been getting her hair cut here so I thought I would give it a try.  I had my hair cut by Dori. She has a lot of experience and she cut my hair exactly the way I asked her to.They have the best prices too! A hair cut is only $12.95!!
4	I moved here in 11/2013 and was concerned about finding a talented person to trim my hair.  I was fortunate to go to Dori on my first try.She trimmed my hair exactly as I requested and the results are great.Next time I might be more adventurous and ask her to be free and use her imagination.
5	Never have issues here. They are very good and so friendly. Why pay more when you have something so reasonable and professional quality right here!
2	The hair stylist was great, and friendly. The problem was the ladies at the front desk. They were pretty rude. I also didn't like that they only take cash and if you didn't know they have a convenient ATM inside for you to pay $2.50 extra. Despite having an awesome stylist, but because of the rudeness at the front desk, I'm not likely to come back.
5	Came in last minute for a haircut and Stacy was amazing. Not only did she cut my hair exactly how I wanted it, she was also very friendly. Definitely earned my business and I'll be back for future haircuts.
1	Omg. What the heck happened. I used to come here all the time for several years. It was $7.00 a haircut. Then I come back after a few months away and now it's doubled to $14.00! The haircuts are so so. Average stylists. It's what I would pay 7 bucks for. Not 14.  With that price I'd rather go somewhere else. Way too expensive for what you get.
