4	Don't know what the other two people are taking about because we just went for my boyfriend's birthday and the food was great and the drinks were great and the service was great! We had one of the burgers, the grilled cheese, oyster pasta, and the shared st Jacobs platter. The meat ball and burrata thing on the shared platter was super good. The calamari and wings were average but good enough. The guys ordered the Jpm (the mixed whiskey drink) and they both loved it and one girl got a sangria and it was beautifully presented and tasted good! Some also for the fancy coffees at the end and it's also intense but good.The server was very pleasant and knew the food well and also knew about the architect of the restaurant (inspired by the design or another architect for the Perimeter Institute). And when we asked about the "ADA" drink (was it named after the programmer or program) she even went to find the answer for us.Definitely coming back and recommend!
3	This is decent but only slightly above a Milestone or Moxies restaurant. Food: 1. Carbonara flat bread: meh... Reminded me nothing of a carbonara2. Beef cheek oranchini : good sauce, good taste little meat but it's was good3. Chicken supreme: moist and perfectly chard crust. My husband really enjoyed it4. Burger : both of my friends ordered this and loved it. They absolutely loved it5. "Tenderloin steak": ordered tenderloin for $29 plus the shrimp and fingering potatoes. Decent but they brought me the side trimming of a sirloin steak which isn't even on the menu and they didn't even adjust the price. I told the waitress I was very hungry and that I would eat it. However, I expect at least an apology and I would think it fair that you reduce the cost of my steak plate because it's a cut of steak your restaurant doesn't even offer!!! I feel offended that they would think so little of their customers. Service: Unrefined and just plain bad. hostess too timid to tell you the table is ready. Waitress: appeared confused and afraid of questions regarding the beer selection. Seemed uncomfortable like it was her first day or just plainly lacking basic knowledge.After I told her about the steak she said she would let someone know but it was never addressed by her or anyone else. Come if you feel like having elevated pub food that is overpriced.Sent from my iPhone
2	This is decent but only slightly above a Milestone or Moxies restaurant. Food: 1. Carbonara flat bread: meh... Reminded me nothing of a carbonara2. Beef cheek oranchini : good sauce, good taste little meat but it's was good3. Chicken supreme: moist and perfectly chard crust. My husband really enjoyed it4. Burger : both of my friends ordered this and loved it. They absolutely loved it5. "Tenderloin steak": ordered tenderloin for $29 plus the shrimp and fingering potatoes. Decent but they brought me the side trimming of a sirloin steak which isn't even on the menu and they didn't even adjust the price. I told the waitress I was very hungry and that I would eat it. However, I expect at least an apology and I would think it fair that you reduce the cost of my steak plate because it's a cut of steak your restaurant doesn't even offer!!! I feel offended that they would think so little of their customers. Service: Unrefined and just phostess too timid to tell you the table is ready. Waitress: appeared confused and afraid of questions regarding the beer selection. After I told her about the steak she said she would let someone know but it was never addressed by her or anyone else.
4	First time I went to Proof it was after a Christmas party held at the Delta hotel; which Proof is in. A group of us went down to the lounge for cocktails afterward and I instantly loved the place. The cocktails were great. I'm a huge classic cocktail lover and order a martini perfect (half dry/half sweet vermouth) off menu at every decent bar I find. It's my litmus test. The martini mixed up for me at Proof was PERFECT.So tonight I returned for dinner in the restaurant proper and wasn't disappointed.Prompt friendly service from the hostess and our server. This time around I ordered a Manhattan which was great (this is now my official cocktail bar). I started with the beef cheek aranccini (deep fried risotto balls) in pomodoro with beautiful tiny mushrooms, micro greens and Parma on top. There were 3  good sized balls which were crunchy on the outside and light and creamy inside with lots of gooey cheese and a good amount of the beef cheek filling.I ordered the buttercup ravioli for my main. I perfect light pasta dish. The ravioli had that wonderful texture that you only get with fresh made pasta. The squash filling was rich without being overly sweet the way squash ravioli often is. Is was served with walnuts. I've had a version of this other places and the walnuts are always candied in some way that makes them cloyingly sweet; not here!  The walnuts tasted lightly toasted but there wasn't any surgery glaze all over them masking the flavor of my pasta under sweetness, yeah! Micro greens and a creamy, tangy goat cheese that perfectly cuts the richness while complimenting the Squash's natural sweetness topped it off.The feature dessert tonight was an orange (blossom?) infused cheese cake with gelled champagne and Riesling sorbet. It was delicious! Only issue was with how big it was! I was expecting a dainty little cake and got an over generous slice of super moist, rich New York style cheesecake which was more the enough for two.
