5	Bad 2 the bone bail bonds in Las Vegas!
5	When I needed bailed out of jail, these guys were there!!!   No matter what the charge is!!!  And they are good friends of mine :)
5	I've never had to bail anyone out before, so I had to do some research when my friend texted me that she got a DUI.  I called this bonds place since they popped up with two good ratings on Yelp. I talked to Elaine and she was very friendly and explained the process to me.  I just had to give my friend's last name to look up in the system. I gave my card number over the phone to process the bond, and  Elaine called me back with updates and frequently checked on the status. I had no idea what to expect when calling, but I'm really glad I had such a friendly representative to answer all my questions and explain everything (without judgment). This will definitely be my go-to if I ever need to bail anyone out!
5	I haven't had to bail too many people out of jail in my life. Maybe 2 or 3 which already seems like a lot in 1 lifetime. When I recently needed to bail someone out of jail, I did as most would and Googled Bail Bonds, there are no shortages of bail bonds or their ads. So I decided to look on Yelp and read the latest review which was a 5 star review. After calling Hero Bail Bonds and dealing with Elaine, the same person mentioned in the review, I have to say Christina M.'s review was spot on. I hope to never have to speak to Elaine again, but if I find myself in that position, Elaine at Hero Bail Bonds will be my first call. She was a pleasure to deal with and made the entire process as easy as ordering a Pizza. I also suspect that by dealing with Elaine, the person that I was bailing out, got out quicker? Can't be sure thou.Thanks Christina M. & Yelp & of Course, Elaine!!
5	I was in Vegas a few months back and had to bail one of my friends out. I called a different bail bonds and they were not able to help me because I was out of state but referred me to hero. The guy was funny and a little weird in a good way tho lol he gave me and my gf these 3-4x shirts. he made the whole process as enjoyable as possible. If you need to bail someone out this is your spot.
