5	We stopped in here late at night, right before closing, and it was still fabulous.  All the food tasted fresh and the service was excellent.  The staff was pleasant and never rushed us (but we did try and hurry).  The chips and salsa could have been a meal in itself.  I had a beef burrito, no cheese, and that combined with the refried beans and rice was divine!.  Can't wait to go back.
5	My favorite Mexican restaurant - excellent service and tostadas!  Very reasonably priced.  I usually get the tostadas.  Pico de gallo is very flavorful.
4	Love this place. Always clean, fast service, and ample seating. Not a fan of the taco salad but the burritos and enchiladas I've had have been excellent!
1	This place is gross. I've been a few times with coworkers that love it, and have been disappointed every time. Every meal I've had has obviously been nuked in the microwave, with my most recent experience looking like they had accidentally put the pico on the plate BEFORE sticking it in the microwave, so it came out a steaming pile of tomato-ish sauce. If you do happen to do go this place, get something that has either been grilled or cooked fajita style...that's the only way you will be eating something that you'll know is relatively fresh.
4	I've been coming to Don Pedro's for years now, and at this point would probably need a 12 step program to stop. In fairness, I tend to find one thing on a menu that I love and stick with it forever. I have been sticking with chicken fajitas, arroz con pollo, and bites of my husband's chicken burrito when he's not looking. All of them are great! It's sort of hit or miss as far as how much of any one ingredient you're going to get in the fajitas, but I've never felt like I was robbed of something.I am also incapable of coming in here without ordering a big bowl of liquid cheese. Although I order "queso", and every time the servers, all of whom speak Spanish as a first language, confirm by asking "cheese dip?", probably because they don't want to assume cultural responsibility for what is essentially a bowl of melted white american cheese with diced jalapenos. They should take ownership, because it's so good that I really only use the endless baskets of delicious chips to consume it because eating the cheese with a spoon or a straw would be rude.The complimentary pico is almost always fantastic- surprisingly fresh. The complimentary salsas are not my favorite. They taste almost ketchup-y. The staff is great. They're so nice and friendly- I adore Vanessa, who has an uncanny memory, and who has a closer relationship with my kids than my own sister does. Vanessa is always polite, friendly, efficient, and does her job well. With other servers I get exceptional service probably 90% of the time, with the other 10% being described as "really good service". Prices are great, although I should note I only go for lunch. I think lunch fajitas are $7, and the portion size is good. I always have leftovers (this could be partially because I eat my own weight in chips and cheese dip before lunch arrives). The ambiance is what you would expect. It's a big space, and clean, but with that vague hint that maybe all of the patterns and colors are hiding uncomfortable amounts of dirty. Whatever, I can't confirm it, and I've never seen anything to suggest it, so it clearly doesn't bother me too much. Overall, clearly I love this place or I wouldn't keep coming back.
5	I moved to Charlotte a little over two years ago and spent about 9 months looking for a decent Mexican restaurant.  I tried so many places that I was beginning to lose hope, until........Don Pedro in Pineville, NC!!  What a spectacular restaurant.  The portions are enormous, the chips and salsa arrive immediately upon being seated and come with unlimited refills, and the guacamole chef...supurb.  The guacamole is made fresh tableside and I think I have that to blame for the 10 lbs I've gained.  Since discovering Don Pedro, I have never given a second thought to finding another Mexican restaurant.  If only they had a frequent visitor card....
4	I was craving Mexican, well Americanized Mexican, so I went to Don Pedro's.  It was a Sunday afternoon about 1 pm and the restaurant was very busy, but I was able to get a table right away.  The basket of chips and bowl of salsa appeared right away too.  The chips and salsa were OK, but I've had better.  My waiter came by and got my drink order not shortly there after.  While waiting for my drink I decided on the Deluxe Burrito.  The server came back with my drink and took my order.  The staff seemed very friendly and even though the restaurant was about 80% full the were taking care of business.  I even spotted a manager or two wandering through the room checking on things as well.  It is always a good sign when you see management doing that.  My burrito came out pretty quickly.  The burrito & the plate were super hot, temperature wise, and the server was quick to warn me about that when he set it down on the table.The burrito was big, covered with melted cheese, and loaded up with sour cream and guacamole.  I had to wait a couple of minutes for it to cool down past molten lava stage to take a bite.  It was pretty good, I wished I had looked at the menu closer as it didn't come with rice and beans.  But, it was big enough to fill me up so it really didn't matter.  The food is pretty good, nothing to wow you, but tasty non the less.  The service was outstanding.  Even with the restaurant being 80% full with several large tables I always felt taken care of.
5	Best sit down mexican food I have had. The price is reasonable and the atmosphere is very authentic. They even have a guy with a cart that comes around making you fresh guacamole.
5	Great place
5	This is a regular visit for my girlfriend and I. Our biggest trouble is finding a place that gives me enough food cause I eat roughly 4000-5000 calories a day so needless to say when I go out to eat I want ALOT of food. I don't know how they stay in business because the prices are super cheap and they give you an ENORMOUS plate of food, and unlimited chips that they make themselves. I always get the Cheese Dip and these chips are amazing because they are about as sodium free as i've ever tried (anyone know how to make these tortilla chips from scratch?)My entree is always Carnitas De Res...i love it so why take a chance on something else? I look forward to this everytime we go....You get tons of beans and rice but that sauce on the beef w/ this dish makes the plate.Between my girl and I plus the cheese dip appetizer and tea's our meal is still always in the $20's and she will have leftovers. This is the best bang for your buck in Charlotte.Atmosphere when we go (typically late) is generally very quiet and relaxed except every Saturday night they'll have a live band going.....we prefer the quiet time to relax and talk but if you want some entertainment with your dinner go on a saturday night.
3	This was my second time at this location, for the most part I like it.  Almost killed myself on the tile floor with the film of grease, but some of the best places I have dined at we're grease joints.  Ordered the frozen strawberry margarita, nice size, but had to order another shot for it.  Dinner was good, portions were huge but presentation weak.  Server was friendly and quick.  Will visit there again
3	Who doesn't love Don Pedro??  Owned by the same owners as Azteca - this is a good go-to Mexican joint.  They can accommodate big parties or they have nice cozy booths for a smaller get-together.  LOVE Dos Equis - but geez why don't they have it on draft??  The table-side guac is always a must.  It is kinda strange to of tip a guy for making guac at your table when you are also paying for it BUT it is made to order.  He will make positively sure you like it before he rolls his lil cart away.The chips and two kinds of salsa are usually there before you even see your waitress!  The workers here are very attentive and fast.So the food?  It is just fine.  I have had the salads and flautas and fajitas.  All YUM.  My favorite part of the meal is the little dessert that comes with the check.   Even more so because the boyfriend hates them - MORE FOR ME!!!  It is usually two thin crispy deep-fried flour wedges with both a sugar sauce and a strawberry sauce.  YUM!!!!
3	Man, it's a hard job discerning good from bad when it comes to Mexican food.  Good thing I have a place like Don Pedro to help benchmark 'good'.  This place is much like the run of the mill Mexican eatery but the finishes are just a tad bit of an upgrade in relation to most.  The service is great and attentive.  We were there on a Sunday and there were a couple VERY large parties of people being taken care of so they know how to deal with larger groups.  Table side guacamole on tap too is a definite bonus.  He'll make it spicy too!  I like that.
5	We are from Atlanta and do Mexican quite frequently. This place is a sure bet...food was EXCELLENT, came in with a party of 6 at 6 pm on a Friday and got seated immediately, and the service was great. Not overly friendly, but very efficient and food came out quickly.
1	Disappointed!!I been to don pedro restaurants before, but this was my first time at this location. The place was almost empty so we got seated right away.Five minutes later our waitress arrived not very friendly at all.I  order sopa de tortilla witch I usually enjoy having (even when is hot). 20 minutes later pass after a got my soup. it was served in a huge bowl, boiling hot.the taste was nasty it tasted like water with grease and dry chile.big chunks of chicken I mean DISGUSTING ...THE waitress didn't bother to ask how the food was.she took my bowl exactly how it was  served!poor service & flavorless food. never coming back!!
3	I give this place a-ok
2	I had heard good things about Don Pedro, so when a co-worker suggested we go there for lunch on Friday, I was excited to try it out.  However, I was not terribly impressed with the food or the service.  For one, they were extremely slow in terms of service.  Then, they messed up 2 orders at our table of 4.    I was not a fan at all of their salsa -  it had way too much onion.   The lunch special I ordered was meh. I doubt I'll be going back.
2	Good - table made guacamole was very delicious and so was the cheese dip and chips.The bad - I ordered the enchilada/ taco beef combo.  The beef tasted like it was either out of a can or cooked in a giant vat for hours.  No red sauce on the enchilada, isn't that a standard?  Sean ordered a 1/2 chicken & 1/2 beef chimi and was equally disappointed.  It wasn't anything great and he thought the same about the beef.The atmosphere was nice, Spanish tile throughout and the server was good and very accommodating to our special orders.Would only go back if I can't find another place with just as delicious fresh guac.
4	Great food and portions. Don't go for the standard taco, enchilada, burrito and you won't be disappointed. Staff is usually friendly but sometimes feel labored to get you something. Probably my favorite Mexican in town.
1	This was our second visit to Don Pedro.  The first visit was disappointing but we assumed we caught them on an off night.  Sadly that was not the case.  This may have been the worst dining experience I have had in the last 10 years.  We went there on a Friday night.  The restaurant was maybe half full.  Service was slow and the food at best was tasteless.  The chips and salsa were terrible.  The chips tasted as if they were made in week-old oil and the salsa had a strange after taste.  We ordered a medium-well steak and a taco salad.  The steak was served nearly raw.  The taco salad was served with a tough and tasteless beef picadello with some shredded lettuce and a few pieces of cheese on top of it. It was sitting in a plateful of some liquid that completely soaked the taco shell the salad was in. Neither of us were able to eat what will be our meals there.
3	I go here occasionally when in the area, and always enjoy it when in the mood for a standard big plate of Mexican food, chips/salsa, and table side prepared guacamole.  Food was fine, but we had extremely good service by a very pleasant woman server at lunch last week, as well as all the others who waited on us during the meal.
4	This was my first time a Don Pedro's.  Let me just say if you are hungry they will defiantly take care of you!  The portion size are HUGE! I was not a fan of the salsa but we ordered the cheese dip.  Our food came out just as ordered and we all had plenty to take home for lunch the next day.  Our waitress was very good and even took the time to talk to my daughter as she is taking Spanish in school.  Very good experience and will go back.
4	Good chorizo. Not a fan of the salsa they bring out or the yellow cheesethey sprinkle on the dishes but everything else is good.
3	I don't know what's wrong with me but I truly just have not found a Mexican restaurant in Charlotte that wows me. Maybe I'm not that big of a fan of it and just never realized that. I mean I thought I really liked it. Don Pedro's did nothing to make me stand up and say wow.The biggest plus for them was they had decent prices and the ambiance inside reminded me of Cancun.  Our waiter definitely didn't want to be there much less waiting on us at lunch. He kind of had an attitude the whole time, but the manager who checked in on us was very  nice and he was working hard so kudos to him!!On to the food... we started with some salsa and queso, and the queso was the runniest cheese I have ever eaten. I've made better queso at home and I'm still trying to perfect that recipe into something I love. Honestly every other place I've gotten queso it starts to thicken up over time as cheese does when it gets cooler. Not this stuff, this stuff just would run off your chip like it was water almost. Just wasn't good at all. The salsa was decent standard fare but it lacked any kind of heat.  I ordered the chicken carnitas and to be honest the chicken and the sauce/veggies it was with was pretty good. The best thing I had here honestly and so for that they get 3 stars.  The rice was dry and the beans tasted like they came from a can, but the flour tortillas were warm and not bad even though I highly doubted they were hand made or anything.  Is this a place I will visit again?? Well it will never be my suggestion, nor will I remember this place to revisit however if my co-worker suggested it again then I wouldn't say no.  So it's just okay in my book.
2	I wish I could have liked this place more when I went, but this just wasn't that great of Mexican food in my opinion.  The plus side was the extremely friendly waiter and good, quick service; the fresh-made guacamole was flavored just right too.  However, when our main dishes came out, it started going downhill.  One of our orders was overcooked the first time around, but they were really good about it and got it sorted out.  I got a combo platter, and the beans and rice didn't offer much in the taste department.  As another reviewer said, it almost tasted like they came straight from a can.  The meal overall seemed like it relied and overdid it with cheese.  Despite this, I want to give this place the benefit of the doubt though, and I would give it another go.  It's got good reviews long-term for a reason, and maybe the dish I ordered just wasn't for me.
3	The guys that make the guar with the rolling table are no joke. Stuff is good. Portions here are out of control. You get more than your money's worth at this place. Drinks are huge too.
3	My husband loves sitting on the patio. I love that the chips come with not only tomato salsa, but also chopped Pico de Gallo.This is an old standby for us, as it's close by and they have a good health score. At times they have people going around with carts, making items at your table. I love it when they have the fresh guacamole: they know how to spice it perfectly and you can get it with additional fresh garlic or hot peppers if you like. It's served in the volcanic pestle bowl they make it in. The other cart they have sometimes is fresh citrus margaritas, where they squeeze the limes at your table.Portions here are huge, so we always have enough to take home. I love the fajita salad. My husband usually has the Texcana Fajitas, which has a mixture of beef, chicken and shrimp with onions and peppers. It comes with tortillas, refried beans, yellow rice, sour cream and guacamole. The other meal I really enjoy is the Steak Rey, which has a glorious cactus salad as part of the plate. (I wish some of these places would have black beans instead of the refried.)I usually come for supper when I have plenty of time to socialize, so I can enjoy taking my time then. If I am going to pay for a meal, I want to allow myself time to savor each bite. This probably isn't a good place if you need to eat and run.And if you really want to embarrass someone, bring them here for their birthday. They will put a huge sombrero on their head and sing to them with a guitar :)
3	good authentic mexican food - had the taco and enchilada combination and a michelada.  Great chips and salsa (chips are warm and freshly made) The michelada was really unique - the michelada "sauce" came in a large 12 ounce glass - usually when I get one you get a couple ounces at the bottom of your beer glass - so that was pretty tasty.  Food was just your standard mexican fare - I would go back, though if looking for Mexican food in the area
4	I absolutely LOVE Mexican food, so I'm pretty much willing to try any Mexican spot that may look appealing. Don Pedro's from the outside may look a little run down and old, but that did not take away from the great customer experience. Sever was very attentive and friendly. I LOVE guacamole, so I was thrilled when I saw the guy come around making fresh guacamole in front of me. All in all, food was average, but the great customer service we experienced was deserving of 4 stars.
4	Some of the best Mexican near Charlotte , been here millions of times only giving a four because I had one really bad experience
5	Excellent service and food. The restaurant was very clean. The manager made it a point to come out and talk with us.
4	4 stars because the table side guac is the best. Margaritas taste good but are pretty weak. Food is solid and service is fast.
4	I happened to stumble into Don P's late on a Sunday night accidentally with my brother when I first came to CharlotteWe both ordered the steak burrito dish with peppers, can't remember the name they call it on the menu, and we were thrilled. What we got was a Massive portion of fresh goodness, which is ridiculous because restaurants are notorious for low quality at the end of the night. But not at Don P's.On my second visit, we all got treated to the man with the cart. He hooked up a preparation of made-to-order tableside Guac! If you haven't tried it yet, do so, you will not be disappointed.Overall, Don P's is a fun experience and I've never been disappointed as a repeat customer. Word to the wise - ask them for some of their homemade hot sauce they have in the kitchen...it's damn good.You simply can't go wrong with any of the combo plates, or the pork chimichanga if you want an interesting change of pace...
5	I love Don Pedro's!  The portions are huge and delicious.  I love the guy who comes by the table to make guacamole.
5	American Mexican food.  Clearly not what they eat on the streets of Nogales or Mexico City, but satisfying all the same.Catch the guy working the guacamole cart.  Best bang for the buck in town.  Can't even buy avocados in store for price.  It's a bit of kitsch, yet a nice touch.Ask for the "picture menu," which is family, share style.  Again, good price point and somewhat more adventurous than the standard ground beef taco, beans and rice.Dos Compadres enough for a smaller family.  Grilled need, chicken, green onion, etc.Family operated.  Don't assume server is Mexican, as you have a better than even chance speaking with an Ecuadorian or someone from another Central American country.Nice people.  Good food and cheap price.
3	Have seen this place for years and we decided to try it this past week. We walked right in and they gave us a table. We got excited when we seen it was a family restaurant of Azteca, which we love. Services was good and the waiter was very friendly. But the food was just so so, nothing great nothing bad. All and all not a bad dinner but we will probley try somewhere else when we are in the mood for Mexican.
3	I like their food.  But my husband wasnt happy. We ordered out and was suppose to get something my brother suggested and it was wrong. We called to let them know and the girl on the phone told my husband he was lying his food was right. We had to drive back and show them they messed up the food. We gave the food back and got our money back and have not been there since.
2	Very average Mexican food.  Stale chips, weak salsa.  I ordered the pork carnita's, which were OK, but not especially great.
4	Really delicious fresh made guacamole, a guy comes around on a cart and makes it fresh in front of your table. Pretty good Mexican all around. The decor is beautiful, and the service has always been great.
1	Besides being Emmy at 8, maybe it is early closing. The food was poor. Ordered tortilla soup and guacamole. Soup took 30 min and guacamole 40. Thought I was ordering quick derive items. Soup was Luke warm and not very good.Guacamole was flavorless . No additional chops offered or given. Manager came by and all he could say was I am sorry. Put you time and money somewhere else.Then it took a bit to get a check and no other apologies
5	Excellent food at a reasonable price and great customer service! Our waiter Kevin made us feel like family!
3	Huge portions. Great prices. Both big pluses that everyone in the area suddenly realizes at noon every work day. The place goes from pleasantly populated to crazy crowds clamoring for burritos. But alas, no burritos are forthcoming from the kitchen, just more harried waiters.Go here of you want those pluses. But don't go at rush hour.
4	Love this place. There are several locations, but this is the one we visit. You get seated very quickly. The staff is very attentive. I had the Beef Chimichanga and my wife had the Chicken Burrito. Comes with rice and beans. Huge portions and the price is right. I highly recommend the Tres Leches for dessert. We will be making many return trips!
5	Yummy yummy yummy!! Gonna come back for sure. Soo good. Love there food. Saying review too short. Yummy yummy!!
4	Very good food. No need to say more!! Service is excellent and the food again is very good! No negative remarks over here.
4	Love this place.   Taking my boss to lunch I hope he enjoys it too!!  Guacamole is made right at table, and to did for.. Portions are large and it appears that everything is made fresh daily.  I would definitely recommend the margaritas... But not today because I'm with the boss..
