5	Paradise Valley used to be this cheesy golf course on 29 right by the UNCC campus.  I didnt know how bad it was at the time as I was just taking up golf.  The holes were short,  the conditions were horrible,  but the green fees were ten bucks.  So my roommate and I played a lot of rounds here.  The last time  I was in Charlotte we drove by there and lo and behold there are tons of condos where the first few holes were.  Turns out they still have a nine hole par three course situated among these nice condos with lakes and ponds.  Its a very attractive course and community.  Way to go Paradise Valley.  You dodged extinction and went upscale in the process.
2	the average of 4 stars for price (under $15 to play 18 par 3 holes) and 0 stars for the course condition - HORRIBLE! so they get two stars.  Too many geese and way too much goose poop.  All the mats that you tee off on need replacing badly! and if you don't mind not being able to read a put, this place is for you.A couple got a cart, really a cart, you can't walk roughly 1,000 yards?  FAIL!The best thing about this place is finishing and grabbing a beer at the Saucer next door!
4	Fore! Don't duck and dive, watch your step more rather! There's goose poop everywhere! The greens might be messy, and you might tee off a mat, but dang this is a fun course. Yes all of the holes are par 3 and an average of 80 yards, but with a course this tight and with so many water hazards; your short game is surely tested.You know hole 17 at TPC Sawgrass, yep it's like that. A few of these holes are island greens and really test your skill. If you're looking for a good time, a course to test your short game, Paradise Valley is will surely fit the bill. A well worthwhile course I say. Just watch your step and wipe your ball!
3	I'll start out with the good. The course has plenty of water for those of you looking to work on your accuracy. It is also a pretty good looking course with plenty of trees and wildlife. Probably the biggest perk is that it is right next door to the Flying Saucer. Now for the bad. Any golf course with turf at each tee box doesn't deserve more than 2 stars. The greens are also in fairly bad shape. It's not a course that's going to get you a lot of street credit on the gold circuit!  Taking the good into consideration with the bad and I give it three stars.
