1	If it was not for my home warranty company, I would not be working with Reliable Repair and in current and future home warranty claims I have asked not to work with reliable repair. Since Thanksgiving, my microwave has stopped working. The claim was put in a few days after Thanksgiving and when requesting an appointment time they fail to realize that the average American WORKS! They say they will call the day before with the window of time they will come. THE WINDOW is 4 HOURS! Then when they do come, they can't fix it right then and there, so I have to schedule another 4 HOUR window when I can take off work. So, the 4 hour window where I take off and they come to my house with the wrong piece so the microwave is still not fixed. No apology for the inconvenience. They order the "new" part and ten days pass and still no call from them so I reach out and they say that the wrong part came in again. Now we are mid January and I have to find time to take off another 4 hour window when they can come by with hopefully the correct part. They don't ONCE apologize for the inconvenience or are even remotely close to working with me on an appointment time. I thought this may be the way repair companies work, but when I called C & J repair to come out on my garbage disposal, he was friendly and kind. When he suggested a time he could come, I said unfortunately I can't, I work at that time, so he worked it out where they came on a SATURDAY!!!! C & J repair is who I will call every time.  I can't wait to be done with RELIABLE REPAIR, I would call it "unreliable repair." Save yourself a hassle with unfriendly and inefficient people WITH ZERO CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!!!
1	Simply put, Reliable Repair and Old Republic Warranty are frauds. I called Old Republic Home Warranty and was sent Reliable Repair to fix my double oven. The claim was initially denied over the phone until I demanded someone at least look at the problem. The serviceman was polite and knowledgable and after a brief evaluation told me that the repair would be 100 % covered under warranty because the oven was inoperable without the proper display. The next day when I received the confirmation call from Old Republic they denied the claim claiming a "pre-existing condition". Not only did they deny the claim, they said the service man was able to detect that the oven was inoperable for some time, which is exactly opposite of what he told to me. Still not sure how they can detect a pre-existing condition when the inspection lasted only a few minutes, let alone determine exactly when a digital read out went bad. When questioned about the evaluation and details, excuse after excuse was given until I was hung up on.  I called back 5 times and was hung up on 3 times and sent to voicemail twice.  NOTHING LESS THAN UNPROFESSIONAL. I  then spoke with management at Old Republic and they would only refer me to their Web site to read their exceptions and they continued to deny the claim without explanation, all contrary to what the serviceman said. The oven is inoperable without the repair and it's not covered. This warranty company does two things; they collect premiums and look for technicalities. Not only this, but they don't hesitate to throw their own people under the bus. All three individuals I spoke with had different excuses and said the other was wrong. They will tell you anything that will get them out of doing what they are ethically suppose to do. FRAUD.
1	We called Old Republic Home warranty 3 weeks ago because the fridge was on the blink, they sent out Reliable Repair. Reliable called the day before and said between 10 and 2, got there at 3:30.I had vacuumed the condenser on the fridge that morning so it was a bit cool when he got there, after looking at it for about a minute, he said it was working fine. The service guy was nice, and he also looked at the range and ordered a part.A day or two later the office called me and asked about the fridge so they could order parts?The next week Reliable called to install the range part, they would be there between 12 and 4, it was closer to 4 when they got here. He replace the burner on the range and looker at the fridge and said it was still fine.Not once did he check the temp. in the fridge. Well, this Monday after doing our shopping on Sunday, we get up and there is water running out of the fridge, everything we bought on Sunday was melted and running out the bottom of the doors. We called back in an Reliable said they would come back out on Thursday. Today they called and said between 2 and 6, I ask them why so late and why it's not sooner wham it's a recall. I told them that if they have already been here twice that I should be looked at as soon as possible not at 6 pm 4 days later.The girl started telling me how lucky I was they were coming back and doing a "Free" recheck.I explained to her it was not free, I had paid $500 to Old Republic and had already paid for a service call.She insisted that I was making out because of the "Free" service call.It made no difference to her that the fridge had been out for weeks.I told her what I thought..Soon there after I get a call from Khan from Old Republic, he starts asking about the fridge and why he should send anyone out. "Because it's broken Khan" I told him I had moved the fridge into the dinning room and brought a loaner fridge in to keep things cold. He told me I  had to put the broken fridge back in it's covey hole or they would not work on it.I explained how hard it is to get to the broken fridge in the covey hole and how it could lead to other damage to the floor and carpet, he didn't care.He also told me that if they damaged the floor or soiled the carpet in the adjoining room that he would take no responsibility for it.He went on give me some good news and say that Reliable refused to come back out...GOOD, they did nothing and cost me a bunch of food.It looks like both Old Republic and Reliable Repair are both 1 Star Companies and I can not recommend either for your home.
5	This is a review for Reliable Repair, although the phone number is different (602-266-7900).After purchasing our home in April, our nice, built-in microwave stopped working so we contacted our warranty company, Old Republic.  They sent out a seasoned repair technician from Reliable Repair named Everett.  He was polite, extremely knowledgeable, and explained in great detail all of the issues associated with the microwave.  He showed me where the initial installation was done poorly, and how it was a rebuilt microwave, lacking correct parts and even serial numbers.  Everett ordered a few different parts for the microwave, which he replaced the following week.  He even offered a few helpful tips on cleaning our dishwasher, something to look for if our refrigerator starts acting up, and the best way to clean stainless steel.  What great service!Yes, the 4-hour window is somewhat annoying, but probably an industry standard (there is worse).  And on both occasions, Everett showed up during the first hour.  The wait time for the parts was a little long, almost a week, but probably also typical (no one is paying for express shipping).  Anyway, my microwave is totally fixed, and was re-installed properly this time.  I just hope that if we have any more issues with our other appliances that they send Everett.
