4	Love the phone application to make yoqur reservation on your way to the salon... my son got a great haircut ... I will come back, when I am in town... Veronica is WONDERFUL!
5	Short and sweet. Exactly what I needed!
4	Great place!  Check in online or on your phone for quicker service!  Wait times listed when u check in so you know before u go! Staff is friendly and nice.  Will definitely come back.
5	Best experience I've had getting my haircut. My first yelp review ever should be a testament for how pleased I was with this place. Great price, very friendly, and they listened to what I wanted and made helpful suggestions as well.
1	I had been to this location a couple times. I usually go to an actual barber, which I really like, but I always found Great Clips to be good enough for a quick fix if I was in a hurry. Yesterday I walked in and waited about 10 minutes for my turn. The woman working the door/reception was the one who seated me at her station. When I arrived she asked my phone number and confirmed I was in their database, which I took to mean they would email me coupons, or some garbage like that.I sat down, she tossed a plastic sheet over me and asked me if this was the way I normally wore my hair. I agreed, thinking she must be able to tell a little something about my last haircut by the way my hair currently looked. But then she whipped out a pair of clippers and proceeded to run it straight down the center of my head. I asked what she was doing, and she said it was ok because she was using a #4. I assume now that has something to do with the clipper attachment, but I did not ask for my head to be shaved, and certainly didn't ask for a #4. When I told her this, she replied that it was in the system that I preferred this. I don't know what their system says about me, but I can't understand why you wouldn't ask someone before shaving their hair off, especially if it was clear they didn't have that down last time. The part that really bothers me was the total lack of accountability. She quickly told me it wasn't her fault and that I should have said something before she did this. I assure you, there was no real time to react before she had already lopped off a good part of my hair. Since I didn't have much choice a this point, I told her to go ahed and finish what she started, never getting an apology. As a matter of fact, she was actually rude to me about the whole thing. I didn't tip her, which earned me a snarky comment I didn't quite catch as I walked out the door. Now I doubt this is a normal occurrence here, but I did feel compelled to warn people that whatever the computer says, these lemmings will do without checking. The misunderstanding wouldn't have been so bad, if not the addition of the attitude that came with it. I'm obviously not going back, and I would advice other to use caution. Good luck out there, and try not to lose your head.
4	Valerie was very sweet and I love what she did with my hair. She listened to exactly what I wanted, and I felt confident because she has long hair, as well. The other ladies were friendly. It wasn't very busy so I got right in - lucky me!I used the app to check in ahead. It was nice because I did not have to fill out any paperwork.For an inexpensive and quick haircut, this is a great place.
5	Very friendly customer service and I absolutely love how my hair turned out! I had very long hair and was uneasy about getting it cut short. I decided to go with it and I'm sure glad I did. I cut off about 5 inches and got layers in the front. It turned out so cute, I will definitely be returning!
1	I have come here before, and usually get a good haircut, and have a good experience, but this time, was not good.   The rep grossed me out the whole time, she talked about a Cyst she had that was really big, and went on and on about it, then she actually pulled her shirt to the side and showed it to me... it was the size of a golf ball... and make it made me nauseous.....she said her Doctor wanted to take it out.... she kept saying he wanted a piece of it..... and laughing..... I was hoping she would just shut up, or change the subject...YUK Then she changed the subject....and  started talking about a burn she got on her arm, and how there was a bunch of puss behind it.... and the fire fighters came in one day and wanted her to come out to their truck so they could drain it... man...  and on and on about how she said no.... and they begged her to go out to the truck.....Meanwhile my haircut was not really looking that great... but at this point,  I just want to get out of here...... She then changes the subject and talks about her neighbor that had a boyfriend that cheated on her... and they got into a fight, and he had his hands on her neck and was choking her... and people were standing around taking videos.... etc....Finally, she finished, and I tipped her because that is what I do.... but I hope no one ever has to hear that stuff again.....
