5	In my relentless (if not very wide-reaching) search for a good margarita this Latin American restaurant comes top of my list. And I have it on good authority that it is ditto for the mojito. But you don't just come here for the cocktails. If you are a regular consumer of mexican food you will recognise many of the dishes on the menu; nachos, enchiladas etc. BUT and it's a very fine BUT, there are several more esoteric dishes to try and try them you should. My personal obsession is Pabellon Margariteno, a fish dish that looks unspeakable, but tastes divine. Tool up on the cocktails and go for dishes you've never heard of. Go on, go on, go on. Oh and the prices are good, the atmosphere friendly and the decor VERY LOUD.
3	I recently moved into a new flat near Stockbridge and during one of the many journeys from my old place to the new one, my boyfriend and I noticed a basement restaurant with LATIN AMERICAN FOOD written on the side.  As a Californian, I am in a constant quest for good Latin/Mexican food, so when the car was unloaded we decided to wander down and check this place out.The restaurant is small and cute.  It was hosting a large party of partially intoxicated women celebrating a 40th birthday who provided some excellent people watching between courses.  I think this would be a fun place to come with a big party as they serve cocktails (margaritas... yummmmm) in big pitchers and the space is well setup for it.We had our drinks order taken within minutes of sitting down, which was a definite plus, and the margaritas were the best I've had in Edinburgh, another big plus.  The big negative was that despite asking several times, we were never brought water, which we found very odd.  We shared a starter of nachos.  I remember being impressed at the salsa, which tasted home made.  They also came with black beans which were a very tasty addition.My guy ordered a dish which I kind of remember so I just went to the website to look it up but the menu tab takes me to a page that says MENU, and nothing else.  Er... I remember it was something which they called traditionally Venezuelan, and it was nice.  It was different, which is something I always enjoy.  I ordered their "famous" fajitas.  I have had great fajitas all over Edinburgh and I do love them sooo much.  I realise they're not sexy or unusual, but man they are tasty.  I loved the char-grilled tastiness that was cooked into the chicken and the veggies.  BUT they fajitas were, as they always are, served with sour cream, guacamole, and salsa.  I've already commented on how I liked the salsa, so I was shocked at the guac and sour cream.  The guacamole tasted like it was Tesco value guacamole.  Fine for a pub, but not fine for a Latin American restaurant.  It was green, but I'm really not sure it even had avocados in it.  My boyfriend argued that avocados are expensive and this place probably couldn't afford to make their own guac, but I think it's an expense which is necessary for a Latin American restaurant.  The sour cream was even more disappointing.  I'm a huge fan of sour cream so was surprised when I wasn't tasting the tangy wonderfulness which I love so much.  I stuck my finger in it to taste it plain and was shocked to discover that it was cream, heavy cream.  In addition to loving sour cream, I bake.  A lot.  I know what cream tastes like, and that was cream.When the waiter came to take our plates our exchange went like this:Him:  So how was everything?Me:  It was great!  We're stuffed!  But I just have to ask... (smile) did you run out of sour cream tonight (big smile) ?Him:  I'm sorry?Me:  (smile) I was just wondering if you ran out of sour cream, because that's actually creamHim: No it's not.Me:  Oh, ehm... it really didn't  taste like sour cream to meHim: Well it is, but I will ask the kitchen.Me: Thanks... oh and can we get our bill please?A few minutes later the waiter came back to assure me that it was indeed sour cream, and was then never to be seen again.We sat for about 15 minutes trying to catch someone's eye to bring us the bill, before we just stood up and went directly to the counter to pay.  So, I'm left with really mixed feelings about this place.  I would definitely have gone back to try the food with more of a Venezuelan twist if the waiter(s) hadn't decided to dessert our table because of my question.  I find it hard to give places a second chance when they fall down so hard in areas like service and quality of ingredients.
4	On a Yelp dinner night out I had the pleasure to dine at Sabor Criollo in Stockbridge.And boy, it's great to be with Yelp, because who knows when I would have gone there myself and this way I had most lovely company and a great dinner.The restaurant is a little harder to find (at least if you are like me a New-Edinburgher and are not used yet to restaurants being in the souterrain).It's a funnily decorated place that manages to let you forget that you are sitting in a basement which I wish more of these bars and restaurants would do.Now the food: mexican/south americanIt's excellent, try their mojillos, these mussels were delicious for a starter.Fajitas and Quesadillas are normally not something I particularly care for but theirs are great definitely a reason for me to come back again.I would have liked to try their desserts but I simply could not eat another dish so I can only account for for what I had and can ensure you, it's worth the way to Stockbridge.
