5	how can you give this any less than 5 stars?  it's the freakin' ritz, baby.the first time i rolled up in here - in my 93 camry with a blown muffler, jeans with a huge hole in the knee, stan smiths, and my classic fruit of the loom t - i admit i felt a little underdressed.  the staff, however, did not bat an eye.  ahhhh . . . a hotelier's discretion.  for all they knew, i was a millionaire.  and, since i was staying in a suite and had selected one of only 5 in the hotel with a working fireplace, for weekend i could live like one (and, at $1,100.00/night, you'd pretty much have to be.  happily, we had 5 people in that piece).  so, when i went back up recently, and compared prices on travelocity, i went back to it (but just a regular room this time).marble, marble everywhere.  the lobby, the bathroom, the elevator . . . .the decor is, as you might expect, somewhat traditonal, staid and conservative.  the rooms, however, are spacious.  the location cannot be beat.  you are one block off the main drag and have literally dozens of restaurants within 3 or 4 blocks.  you are central to downtown and walking distance to old montreal.certainly not the cheapest hotel in montreal, but not the most expensive either.  suffice it to say, the regular room was substantially more reasonable than the suite.
3	Faded glory... definitely a beautiful old hotel, but in sore need of some renovations and updating.  For a hotel in the middle of downtown, why is there no wifi?  They do have a connected option, however, that costs about $10/day.  Boo.Complaints - some cosmetic defects - the closets had peeling paint, our bathroom had a huge slash in the wall/ wallpaper that looked like someone was trying to cut an entrance through; the cracked scale was inaccurate and had seen better days; the bureau was old and the drawers tended to stick (hard to pull out).  One of the nightstand lamps did not work (though this was remedied without our prompting by day 4 of our stay).  For some reason the air conditioner did not get very cold - we did not complain, though...and in the mornings the sound of the street tended to come through (e.g., windows were not double-paned).Plusses - the Bulgari toiletries, the impeccable service and warmth; the location - very convenient - about 1.5 blocks away from the Metro, a few skips from numerous banks, steps away from the amazing Musee des Beaux Artes, a good, flat, meandering walk to Chinatown and Old Town and a bit of a hike up to the Plateau du Mont Royal.
5	The paint  is really thick on this rickety old hotel but even though it has seen better days,  still a nice place to stay. It's in a great location; within walking distance to St. Catherine street, the old district and Mount Royal, is a couple of miles away. The best thing about this hotel was the staff. They were friendly, accommodating and sincere. I give Ritz-Montreal 5 stars because of them.
5	I was so incredibly impressed with my experience here. Granted, I have never been to a Ritz before, but this completely blew my mind. They apparently recently reopened the hotel after having been through 4 years of rennovation. Let's just say, it showed. :)The front desk attendant walked us to our room and showed us around, and how to use all of the electronics (everything from the lighting to the shades to the toliet was operated by this high tech touch sensory thing. I also can't say enough about the service. The concierges were wonderful. We didn't really plan for the trip at all (haha) so they recommended every restaurant we went to and made reservations, ensuring we had a great experience. I wish I remembered their names to shout them out, but unfortunately I don't. Everything came together to create a memorable experience from the moment they all chimed in with "Bon soir!" when we walked off the elevator to the exceptionally precise turndown service, to the friendly staff in the restaurant. If only I could always afford $450 a night! :)
5	What I like about this hotel: great location; friendly and very attentive staff (we stayed here over Christmas, they went over and beyond to help us find out what restaurants were open on Christmas Day, as well as what tourist attractions were open); spacious room; free wifi; bath tub and shower. My favorite thing of the hotel room is the automatic toilet, yes it sounds weird. but you have to try it yourself and you'd want to carry one home. What I don't like about this hotel: technically nothing. But I wish they had more than just one restaurant, and it'd be great to have a bar and spa on site.
5	Simon the concierge and victor the front desk at night made my stay enjoyable thereMy cellphones were not working and needed to make 3 local phone calls in toronto.I got hit for 2 dollard per minute calls on the room phones .As a result Ritz carlton overcharged me 272.59  dollard for 3 local calls in toronto .I dispute the charges with the manager Denys but he was careless and decided to give me back only 122.59 cents cause I am a gold member Really ?..I was not ok with it but he just ignored my complain and refuse to give me back 150 dollard  for the outrageous phone chargesI decide to call the headquarters but it took them a while to fix the problemI will give an update of my review and upgrade of the rating once my money will be back in my account .I will dispute the charges with my bank once i go back to united statesI was really upset than Denys the manager  didnt value me as a client and as a gold member of marriott/ritz carlton :(QUICK UPDATE Veronica De Foy  Director, guest relations made it right for me .She removed the charges :).Thanks VeronicaVaena Rouble department comptability was really helpful and listen to my complain Veronica de Foy and Vaena Rouble are the best customer service in the ritz in montreal Bravo !
5	Outstanding hotel! It is located in the center of the city, steps to everywhere.I would stay here again just for the bathroom and rooftop pool
5	The Ritz Carlton in Montreal is simply perfection. Unbeknownst to us they finished a $200MM renovation last October. The minute you enter the hotel, the scent is one of luxury. The service is a 10. The hallways are wide and spacious and the rooms are the nicest I have ever stayed in. Each room is equipped with the latest in technology from floor lights that follow you during the night, to the top of the line Toto toilet, to the blackout shades....the hair dryers are even the best I have seen in a hotel. The beds are exquisite as are the towels and showers. The bath products were even luxurious. I would go back to Montreal just to stay at The Ritz Carlton again.
2	This is a very nice hotel in a good location, but what you are really paying for at the Ritz is the service.  The service at this hotel is very poor.When we checked in they were happy to run my credit card, and made several large temporary charges to the card immediately.  I assume this was done in case we broke something.  Anyway, the receptionist told us that our room was not available, but that she would call me when it was ready.We went out to enjoy the day, and finally returned to the hotel around six.  Since check in time was at three, I asked why I had not been called.  There was never any answer, only a generic letter found later in my room saying they were sorry for "trouble" experienced.We were also told that our luggage would be in the room waiting for us.  It was not, and I ended up walking around the lobby area with the porter while he looked for our bags, tipping him for his trouble, and then taking them up myself.  He did offer to bring them up for me later, but I did not want to risk it.Parking is also an issue at this hotel.  Their website says there is on site parking available, but I could only find a garage exit on the building, and no help from the staff out front.  We parked a couple of blocks away and dragged our luggage back and forth to the hotel.The staff treats guests like they are doing you a favor by letting you stay here.  Staff at truly upscale hotels make the guest feel valued.
5	I have traveled to some of the most beautiful cities in the world and have stayed at some pretty magnificent properties. On a recent trip to the fantastic city of MontreaI I stayed at the newly 220 million$ renovated Ritz-Carlton Montreal. The lobby is spectacular, the rooms are nice and big with all the high tech features any experienced traveler can appreciate.With a bit of downsizing and decluttering of some personal items I can see myself living at this Ritz! That is how much I enjoyed it.-Decor fabulous-size of suite is nice and roomy-bathroom is huge!-service was on point I plan on returning to Montreal and will definitely stay at the Ritz!
4	Location: Well, I thought it was obvious - the Ritz! Located on Sherbrooke West, not far from the museum.Hotel stuff: To be quite blunt, the hotel lobby and tea room were GORGEOUS! I can only imagine what the rooms look like. The tea room has beautiful high ceilings, is quite large, and very bright. It's got a modern meets old-school feel to it. It's a pretty classy place - but then that's what I would expect from the Ritz. I stopped in for high tea on this very cold, Sunday afternoon. Note: Tea service ends at 3pm.Service: Initially, I got a bit of attitude from the boy - I was waiting for a friend and was taking some photos. I think he assumed I was just hanging around for no good reason, however, his demeanor changed when I informed him that I had a reservation. He immediately escorted me to a table, insisting that I would be more comfortable seated, while waiting for my friend. Nice job, dude. Service during tea time was impeccable. The staff was prompt and tended to our every need and our teapot was always full. The seating was comfortable (the chairs were huge and probably pretty old). My only complaint is that the table, while lovely, was a bit low. You really do have to be prim and proper at high tea - no leg crossing accepted! The waiter had seated us near the Christmas tree so the view was great. Let's be honest - the view is great no matter where you sit in this cozy tea room. Nosh: We opted for the $32 service which came with our choice of tea and a tiered serving dish comprised of scones, finger sandwiches and sweets. For about $10 more, you can include a glass of champagne.Scones: I don't normally eat scones but DAMN, these were SO good. My favorite was the plain version; the cranberry scone was good, but I generally don't like dried cranberries. The scones were accompanied by a rose marmalade (yum!), cherry marmalade (amazing!) and Devonshire cream (holy shit, give me a bucket immediately!). So... the scones were a hit. Finger things: Why are crustless finger sandwiches always dry? I don't get it. Anyway - we had smoked salmon and cream cheese (not the Philadelphia type either), cucumber, egg and tomato/basil. The hits were the tomato/basil (delicious and flavorful) and the smoked salmon (the cream cheese wasn't too cheesy or salty). The egg and cucumber sandwiches were OK, but they weren't exciting enough for me. Sweets: We got an assortment of mini things that we shared by splitting each item in half. I don't remember what anything was except for the eclair and the Mille-feuille. There was also a delicious piece of chocolate cake that was spiked with Grand Marnier (amazing - any chocolate lover will adore this), carrot cake (by the time I got to this I was so full that I left my half. My friend thought it was OK), a double cream-puff that left me a little underwhelmed (too sweet), a Mille-feuille that also did not inspire me (something about the custard just didn't work for me - I prefer cream in my one thousand layers), and a mousse of some kind that was great. Oh, the eclair was very good.Overall: I would go back again and recommend it to pretty much anyone who likes tea as much as I do. Make sure you cal ahead to book a table. Cons: - Nowhere to put your coats- Table too low for my liking
4	Always wanted to try out a proper British high tea service and hands down, the Ritz Carlton hotel is the place to experience it.The hotel itself has a storied past, with the likes of Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton getting married here for their second time around, visiting dignitaries always ended up staying here as well as more than the odd movie star or rock star. These days unfortunately, it's full of the nouveau-riche. Lots of big hair, status purses, giant fur coats and too much perfume. Nonetheless, with gilded walls, golden mirrors, understated but elegant decor and extremely comfortable chairs, it's easy to tune out that Miami-beach, Beverly Hills wannabe crowd.If you have always wanted to try out a high tea service, with scones, clotted cream, cucumber sandwiches and dainty pastries, look no further. Service was extremely attentive , our tea pots were constantly being refilled, the servers were excellent in explaining all the pastries and sandwiches and were not too obtrusive. The one thing which stops me from giving the experience a full five stars is that for all the hype, the sandwich bread did dry out quickly and I found it strange that the maitre d' stopped by our table to give us a cross-examination when I did not see him do that to anyone else.This is definitely a wonderful place to hang-out and decompress with a friend or two for a casual and leisurely Sunday afternoon or after a hectic afternoon of shopping.
1	The worst hotel experience of my life.  After waiting over a half hour to speak to someone from management about my qualms with the property, I was met with hostility and asked to leave the hotel.  The manager, Guillaume Benezech (who claimed he owned the hotel) told my guest that he would not charge me for the breakfast if we would promptly leave the property.  We left immediately and then he continued to bill me for breakfast (a bill which employees took the liberty to fill out themselves).  It took me one week, three promised telephone calls from customer service that were never made, and my own initiating contact in order to be reimbursed for the fraudulent charging of the breakfast.  There has been no effort to compensate me for the humiliating experience I paid over 1,000 dollars to endure.  It is evident that with the departure of Horst Schulze that the Ritz-Carlton has lost its mystique.  A hotel corporation that once functioned like a work of art is now worse than a rundown movie theatre.
4	The Ritz on Sherbrooke really does not look like much but once you pass the doormen into the lobby the hotel transforms into a oasis of glamor in the city.  The front desk representatives were friendly and helpful. Basically check in was a breeze. I have been in the Ritz before but this was my first time staying there so my expectations were high. My room was appointed tastefully and felt like I was the first one to use it. Clean and not a wrinkle or piece out of place. The king size bed was tall and very comfortable but a little too soft for my taste.  One thing I noticed right away was how quite the room was. With all the traffic outside and just the city noise the room was very quiet. If you call to reserve a room make sure to ask for a upper level room when facing the Sherbrook Mount Royal side. Room on that side are not as sunny in the morning but have a nice afternoon sun.  Tip: When heading out make sure to call at least ten minutes prior to have your car valet to the front. Saturday afternoon before the dinner hour it can get busy with hotel guests all trying to get their cars to venture out into the city.
5	This is the life! Period. I stayed at Ritz before but this location is the best so far for them. Excelent! After all this little hotels I had to stay now I can give a 5stars review without even thinking:))Luckily I don't have to review what people stay here... Even more luckier I am with super nice ones around:))
5	The Ritz Carlton Montreal was truly an amazing experience.  Everything was extensively clean and the customer service was truly amazing!!  The concierge, Anna and Simone were truly a great help and super friendly.  Olivier in reception was a joy as well.  I celebrated my birthday and they truly pulled out all of the stops.  I entered the wonderful smelling room to a bottle of champagne.  To add, our second day I had rose petals on our bed.  So romantic!!!  If I could change some things, I would say that they have a very small pool area and if you would like to lay out be sure to get there extremely early as it is very small.  I also was expecting a bathtub in our room and apparently we did not have one. Also I wish that they had a gift shop or casual coffee/tea shop if you would like to stop for a snack.  Nonetheless, our experience was lovely and you do get what you pay for! I would certainly go back!  There is no hotel experience like the Ritz!  Memorable for sure!
5	Fabulous service. We stayed for 4 nights to celebrate a birthday. Veronica de Foy in customer relations was incredible in making the trip special and memorable. Many little touches of hospitality that we won't forget easily.
5	Hey, it's the Ritz, what can I say? This hotel is five stars all the way with the only sad exception of not having a spa. Not that I have all the money in the world to spend on spa services but there's something comforting about knowing that the option is available should I wake up one morning and decide I'm deserving of a signature spa treatment, agreed? Well work brought me to this hotel (as it so often does) and it was a great experience from the moment I arrived. We held several meetings and lunches in their ballroom spaces and the entire staff made sure our events were a success. The spaces themselves are very nice and I love the furniture and decor of the rooms. Let's talk about their room service menu. Order the pancakes (crepes) for breakfast. Wanna know why? That. Maple. Syrup. WOW! I don't know about you but syrup can really make or break a pancake and the syrup they use elevates the pancakes to another level. In addition to the syrup, they dress the pancakes with fresh berries. Listen, I've never met a berry I didn't like and something about the berries in Canada makes me want to do a little dance. All the fruits are the right size and flavorful, not like the shit we find in the US that's packed with who knows what and can range from the size of my hand to my head. These are LEGIT berries so I recommend you get down with them.Bathroom products...what they placed in my room (purple labeling) I was not about because it was way too fragrant but no need to fret, they are prepared to offer you other brands that may be more to your liking. I opted for Kiehl's products and I was satisfied. TOTO Neorest toilets. Enough said.All Ritz properties boast the best beds ever. #nolie Freeeeeeeeeee wifi!If you make it to the restaurant attached to the hotel (Maison Boulud), order the first word cocktail and top off your night with the chocolate coulant for dessert.Merci, Ritz Montreal.
5	Really good place if you need to unwind, have a handcrafted cocktail or two, or three. They also have good high tea service until 5:30PM.The palm room also offer small plates/app, desserts, etc.They also have good tea selection and when it comes to service and ambience there are no questions.
5	Recently renovated.  Beautiful rooms with high end tech features.  Headed bathroom floors and toilet!  The rooms are beautifully done and opulent!  This is probably one of the best hotels to stay at in Montreal.  Highly recommended!
