5	We went on the second night the place was open- super attentive staff.  The staff and management was very interested in our opinions of the food and service. Seems like they're off to a good start. Now to the important stuff. The food was wonderful. The pasta primavera was a wonderful vegetarian option. I appreciate the whole wheat pasta and unlike other restaurants, the vegetables weren't so large that I had to cut each bite. My dining partner had the 6-alarm pie. She had a little convincing to do upon ordering it as most people underestimate her craving for spicy. This is the second hottest thing she's had. It had a wonderful smokey flavor - not just stupid flavorless frat boy challenge hot, but adult with discerning taste hot. We will absolutely return.
5	We already ate here three times this week.We are enjoying the warmth and hospitality of Charlotte (here bi monthly) but craved NYC quality food.  Low and behold there is an Italian eatery from NYC / Philly here.  We have been in heaven.I love the Macaroni and Cheese as a side dish (you can split - it is large).  However, for our main course we had lobster ravioli - cooked to perfection -  chicken Milanese and Pizza last night!   All the pasta is home made.  We do not know of another Italian restaurant in Charlotte that has this.  We looked.    I cannot say how much of a blessing it is to have this here.   We are from NYC and miss the food a great deal when down here.   We sat at the bar and enjoyed the vast array of wines one of the nights and will do the same tonight before heading out.  The bartender, Chris,  is very helpful.    Real Italians and real East Coast taste.   We couldn't be more thrilled. Enjoy your meal !  We hope after time it stays open later.
5	I'm in Charlotte for a month for business. 360 bistro is a nice break from the chain restaurants that line the street. The pizza is awesome this place is new and definitely worth the trip!
5	Excellent service, delicious food, even the atmosphere and background music were great! The bruschetta appetizer and chopped salad were so good. I had seared ahi tuna (fantastic) and hubby had maple glazed salmon with garlic mashed potatoes which he enjoyed. For the price and quality, I would definitely recommend this place over the nearby chain restaurants that are noisy, overcrowded and not nearly as good.
5	360 has only been open for a week or two, but I've been there several times already. The quality of food is superb. The chicken milanaise was phenomenal and the meatballs are the best I've ever had. I'm a huge fan of wedge salads and their portion is ridiculously big. I've had fried green tomatoes all over and normally they are sliced thin and coated in bread crumbs. These are thick slices coated in delicious panko bread crumbs. The sauce they are served with is awesome, too. The service is awesome and attentive. The atmosphere is relaxed and the music choice is great. Definitely my new favorite place to eat!
5	A culinary oasis in a veritable desert of good food around UNC Charlotte.   The crab cakes were perfectly fried, the mixed summer squash was outstanding,  and I had to restrain myself from eating all the delicious mashed potatoes.   Good portion size, moderately priced.  Cheddar broccoli soup was also a treat.
5	Delicious dinner and great atmosphere. Attentive waitstaff and love the paper on the tables for the kids to color on.  Kids menu super affordable with large portion sizes. I had chicken sandwich with avocado and balsamic and fries--yummy. My new favorite restaurant. Hope it doesn't change a thing.
5	I dined here with friends on Sunday, August 3rd. The food was delicious. I ordered the fried fresh mozzarella for an appetizer and the fettuccine with shrimp for dinner as well as cheesecake for dessert. The food is fresh and great quality. The Alfredo sauce is made per dish unlike most restaurants that have a big pot sitting in the back. The shrimp were juicy and plump. The cheesecake was not too rich but just right. Last, the waitstaff is attentive and the atmosphere is very relaxing.I highly recommend this place and cannot wait to return. Oh, the key lime pie is the best I have ever tasted.
3	Got the lobster ravioli, it was okay. It is not made at the restaurant. I was told it comes shipped individually wrapped. Got an order of 1/2 dozen oysters, good size but flavorless. Got the tiramisu for dessert, it was okay. Big plus it is half off all wine Wednesdays. Christopher the bartender was awesome, great service!
5	Went there for a date night with my wife and my first impression was the decor was very nice.  For a non-chain local place that just opened up (3rd week they said), it surprised me by looks, they're not starting with half-measures.  Very friendly staff and ownership.  Started off with their Bruschetta with basil, tomatoes and a balsalmic glaze.  They were a good start, but being toasted on one side they had some problem with supporting the generous toppings (I suspect the glaze didn't help either).  When the owner came by we mentioned this and he told us that he and his chef were discussing this and that he may insist on toasting on both sides now.  He thanked us for our feedback and brought us a small plate of their toasted foccacia with herb butter.  Oh my, that was the stuff.  I ordered the Chicken Franchiese (spelling?) and my wife got the Chicken Marsala.  Both came with garlic mashed potatos and mine also had broccoli.  Both chickens were perfectly cooked and the sauces were very good (We were told they make their sauces to order)  My wife really liked the potatos and I felt the brocolli was very well prepared.This place is new and you can tell they're working the fine details out.  The staff is friendly, especially the owner and managers, though the waitstaff should be instructed to work in 1-2 more "check ons" per visit. We'll be returning and I'll update this review as it goes.
4	The family and I decided to give this much-needed new spot a try. Decor and lighting is a big improvement from previous tenant. Tried the spinach artichoke dip and onion rings. Tasty onion rings. Dip needed a little more salt/cheese, but crostinis were buttery and light. Caesar salad was little acidic for our tastes. Almost tasted like a vinaigrette versus a traditional Caesar dressing. Will say a small salad could be possibly be shared with 2. Chicken Marsala was okay, but the Alfredo dish stole the show! Tastes fresh and creamy. Service was decent, server wasn't as personable as others. Way better than Cheddar's decline of good customer service. Prices are comparable to Carrabba's. Drinks sound good, so we are looking forward for next visit.
5	Tasty food at great prices. Didn't know it was Italian, but now it's the top pick. Definite "Must Try" place in the University area.Came here the other night on a whim to try a new place. We ordered mushroom frites, chicken milanaise, and the maple salmon.First thing you'll notice is that the portions are very reasonable for the price (think marginally better than Macaroni Grill or Maggiano's). Where 360 Bistro really shines is the quality; the dishes are super fresh, delicately prepared, and aren't heavy like most other Italian places. Everything was seasoned to perfection and on par with what you'd expect from a much more expensive restaurant.
3	Went here for weekday lunch. They had a sign out front for $7.99 lunch menu so a co-worker and I thought we would give it a try. The lunch menu consists of maybe 5-6 sandwiches and spaghetti, it has no salads. The only vegetarian option was the spaghetti, which I didn't want, so I ordered off the regular menu. My friend ordered the grilled chicken sandwich from the lunch menu. All lunch menu items come with a choice of fries or salad but the server informed us they were out of fries. It is crazy to be out of fries for lunch. They have a number of other sides but she was only offered mashed potatoes or salad and opted for the salad. The salad looked to be mostly iceburg lettuce. The salad was served before the sandwich. When her sandwich came out the chicken looked pretty good but the lettuce on the sandwich was one small piece of white iceburg. The sandwich had no condiments on it or with it and she had to request some mayo which took forever for the server to retrieve. I ordered the portabello mushroom sandwich ($10). It was pretty good but also had no condiments and didn't come with any lettuce, tomato, or anything. For my side I ordered the "award winning" mac & cheese and the server informed me this is $1 upcharge, which is not stated on the menu. The mac & cheese was good.I see the other reviews for this place are mostly very good so maybe for dinner it is better. The pizzas sounded good but I didn't see anyone eating one for lunch.It is nice to have a locally owned option amidst the chains in the University Area and I wish them luck.
5	My wife and I had been meaning to try this place for a while; things finally worked out for us to give it a shot tonight.So glad we did!The service was absolutely perfect. Both the host and our server were friendly and attentive. Things came out in the right order, in the right quantity, and exactly as we ordered them. A nice touch - we ordered a take-out order too; as our server delivered the check, he said "It'll be about 4 more minutes on that." Besides being perfectly timed, that was a nice change from the "It should be ready soon" that you often hear.The food was great. We split the portabello "frites', which were good. Fried mushrooms, just enough batter, and a creamy dipping sauce.My wife got a chopped salad with grilled chicken and the broccoli cheese soup; I got the goat cheese salad and a half-dozen grilled oysters. The grilled chicken was *perfect* - cooked on a nice high heat so well that I could smell the char on it as it came down to the table. The broccoli soup ... well, I'm not going to think about how many calories were in this decadent, wonderful, creamy, buttery, rich concoction. Except I just did.The goat cheese salad was well-put-together, well proportioned, and huge. The oysters were tasty and drowning in delicious garlic butter. All told it was a wonderful experience, we will be back, and I hope they thrive here!
5	My husband and I were in the area and found this place.  EVERYTHING was awesome.  We got calamari and fried mozzarella and both were delicious, especially the fried mozzarella. It was cheesy and yummy, not the typical cheese sticks. Then we split the burger and a build your own pizza.  Both delicious, especially the burger, it was juicy and well seasoned.  Combined with $5 house wines and great service, we will definitely be going back!
5	Finally; a great alternative to the University area chain restaurants!  Our family has been here twice since it opened.   I can see their diligence in really listening to their customers' suggestions and making improvements as a result.We love their Thirsty Thursdays (LOTS of good beer selections!) and the buy one/ get one appetizer special that runs in August.  We've had the artichokes (our favorite), coconut shrimp, mushrooms, soup, Chicken Marsala, Chicken Franchaise, Salmon, Pasta Primavera, and Pizza.  And of course, what foodie wouldn't want to try the dessert?  Their creme brulee was a very good choice.People of University--spread the word and definitely give this place a try!
5	This restaurant was amazing from start to finish. If you go, you should ask to sit in DQ's section. He is the best waiter we've ever had anywhere. The food is absolutely amazing. The managers are very involved and talk to all of the tables. This might be our new favorite restaurant!
4	We checked this place out with a groupon deal. I would return and pay full price. The food was great and so was the service. I ordered the pasta primavera and my husband ordered the chicken Marsala. Both were delicious! There was an issue with my order and it was solved quickly.
5	Fresh food. Great beers on tap. Very attentive yet not hovering wait staff. The chicken caprese sandwich and mac n cheese are off the hook.
5	Great pizza and spinach dip. Nice a atmosphere. Take out available. The key lime pie is amazing!!!
4	I have visited this restaurant twice and both times I was very satisfied by the service and the food.  Everyone working there was very friendly and the food was fresh and tasted great.The first time I went I had the oysters on the half shell and the second time I had the ahi tuna salad.  Both were exactly what I hope they would be: fresh!  I really like there raw bar selections and they have a good salad menu.  They also have many pizzas to choose from if that is your thing.  I found sitting in the restaurant to be very comfortable.
5	Highly recommended. Great food at very reasonable prices. Had fried mushrooms and pasta.
5	Five star food for 3 star prices...delish!  I'm never not satisfied with the food and service.
1	I was super excited to finally have a chic place to brunch in University City but unfortunately this place was a disappointment. It is possible that they just didn't have everything together because it was their first weekend serving brunch but overall the menu seemed a little ambitious for the chef's abilities. First, almost everything is a la carte so if you order a waffle then you just get a waffle. Same with the french toast. The sides are $2.99 each so if you want bacon and eggs on the side the meal will be nearly $20. I got the salmon eggs benedict with a red pepper hollandaise sauce. It was interesting mainly because they use a biscuit as the base instead of an english muffin. I ended up eating the salmon and eggs and leaving the biscuit behind. I swapped out my home fries for the asiago grits but they were too cheesy and lumpy. My friend got the red velvet waffle and she said the waffle itself wasn't very flavorful but there was a ton of chocolate sauce on top. Overall, I wouldn't return for the brunch.
1	Poor customer service. I called to place an order using a mailer coupon for buy one get one free pizza. I was told I had to dine in to use the coupon. I reviewed the coupon and it does not indicate the offer is dine in only. I spoke with a manager and he was unwilling to honor the coupon for a pick up.  I will take my business elsewhere! This is not a way to win customers for a new restaurant. Especially with the power of social media.
5	I have been to this restaurant 5 times now the food was excellent! customer service was also great. This weekend i have the opportunity to have the brunch the best grits i have ever had no chunks or lumps like most i have had in the past prices were very reasonable! I definitely recommend this to anyone who appreciates great quality food and great customer service!
4	Mediterranean shrimp scampi was great!  Mango tea is great.  Chicken Franchaise is great! Everything made in house. They even have foot handles in the bathroom. The only issue I had was the silverware. They need to upgrade their forks and spoon to something that is a better quality. I felt as though I was eating with a flimsy sharp edged fork that would cut me.
3	You know how your teacher's sometimes say "you could be so good if you would only apply yourself?"Well I kinda feel that way about 360 Bistro. Tons of potential they are just not there yet.Located in the food desert of the university area they are certainly one of the few locally owned places in the neighborhood.  Cocktails are stiff and steep about $10 each. Pizzas are BOGO after 8pm. The crust is amazing but overall I was little underwhelmed after being sold so hard on their fresh, better, best ingredients.They are still tweaking and revising their menu so I can't want to give them another try in a month or so. This has potential to be an amazing place.Next visit will try their chili and broccoli and cheese soup made with local beers.
4	Quick review - delicious pizza! Great crispy crust that was "slightly burned" which I LOVE! Got my own "make it yourself" pizza and added Shredded Motz, Meatballs, Sausage, Mushrooms and Parmesian Reggiano cheese to make a heavenly pie. The crust is home made with fresh herbs built in. Tuesday was $2.50 bottle beer night so I opted for a Duck Rabbit Milk Stout....for $2.50! I'll take that everytime! Good service (dem peeps r not from round here......New Yorkers...LOL) and they made good recommendations. Total dinner bill for a 5 topping, 10" pizza with a Beer came to under $12! Not bad! I am always looking for new places to go before my Tuesday French language classes and this is an excellent option, especially for those of you like me wanting "Non-Chain" restaurants. If so then give this place a try!
5	Have not had a bad dish yet! Granted, I'm not a seafood person so I can't say if it's good here or not but their pizza is delicious! I've also tried there chicken alfredo, spinach artichoke dip, and a few of their pizza selections-all really good.
4	I've seen the sign from WT Harris a few times and finally stopped today... needed a Bloody mary to quell the slight hangover from my bottle of wine late last night so I thought I'd check it out. Looks nice enough. Service was good. The prices don't seem ridiculous. Nice little patio. Bloody mary is nice and spicy. I actually came in to grab some oysters but apparently they are all out... Although I'm not really complain as my server let me know that upon arrival the seafood was poor quality. At least they had the decency to not just serve it, like I've seen some places do. I ordered the ahi instead. It was perfect... the "crust", sesame seeds, was awesome. The sauce was good without being too much and the presentation was nice. A little sad about my oysters though... gives me a good excuse to come back, I suppose.
3	Food was good for the price. Live music on patio and Karokee inside on Friday night was a good time. Pizza and Chicken Marsala was very good, and the lobster ravioli was aslo tasty. Will definitely go back.
4	Salmon BLT, Mac & Cheese, Lobster RavioliFood was good, salmon a little overdone. Service was outstanding as well. Would go again, and recommend to others.
5	Food excellent!  Not a long wait. casual neat attire.  Rustic itallian decor.  Would recommend entrees chicken marsala(my new favorite) and chicken franchaise. Daniel was our server/bartender and Chris was an awesome General Manager.  I would definitely come back again. And I heard they're extending $5 martinis special past Mondays to everyday. Wed night Trivia starts at 8 plus half off on wine....Ask Chris
3	First time going and was very excited since I'd heard so many wonderful things about it. Weeeell, apparently Tuesdays are not the day to go.  They were out of a lot of things such as the coconut shrimp and the food was not that tasty. I ended up getting the Chicken Marsala at the suggestion of the waiter and unfortunately, I was not impressed. The sauce was a little too sweet for my taste, not at all like I'm used to with other Marsala sauces. I  only ate about half of it and didn't want to take the rest home altho the garlic potatoes were good. My friends both ordered the Fettuccini Alfredo and we're also underwhelmed. The Alfredo sauce was so thick it looked like mayo and one friend had to actually send hers back. I reluctantly ordered dessert hoping to taste something that lived up to the hype I've heard and read about.  After being told they no longer serve the chocolate lava cake, I decided to get the 5 layer chocolate cake, and it was pretty good...I actually wanted to bring the rest home. Both friends also enjoyed their desserts, tiramisu and key lime pie. We had the fried mozzarella for an appetizer which was nice. I'll give it another try on a day other than Tuesday and see how it goes. Fingers crossed for a better experience.
2	the restaurant changed name, atmosphere, and menu yesterday. we really enjoyed the place last month, not now. Quite a disappointment. now just another routine Italian restaurant, and not very good. service slow and poor,pizza no better than grocery frozen. really too bad, it had great possibilities.
3	The staff at this restaurant is 5 star. We were seated right away on a Friday night, our waiter was friendly and attentive, suggested several menu items, checked how we were doing several times, kept us informed about the status of our meal, as well as finding out a little bit about us. The bartender was quick and knowledgeable and at least 3 other staff members thanked us for coming and wished us goodnight.Unfortunately, we visited because we were hungry and the food was barely worth 2 stars....the pizza was lackluster and reminded us of those sold on the kids menu at other places. It was slightly greasy like pizza you'd expect at a hamburger place and not at an Italian restaurant who had devoted a large portion of the menu to "brick oven" pizza. I wanted to like this apparently non chain restaurant and would return for drinks but not the food.
2	Maybe we just picked an off night, but I was very unimpressed. We walked in at 6:45 on a Saturday night, expecting to have to wait for a table. Instead, we had to wait for the hostess, who was nowhere in sight. With all of the NCAAF on tv, I was surprised how many seats were empty. Once we were finally seated, our waiter appeared promptly to take our order. We started with bruschetta, which was good, but not good enough to bring home what we didn't finish. And at nearly $10, seemed very pricey for some bread with tomatoes and dressing. We had heard that the mac & cheese was award winning, so my daughter ordered it from the kids menu. When it arrived, it wasn't the "real" mac & cheese, it was the open a bag and microwave kind. She was hungry, so we let it be. My Wife ordered the lasagna, which she liked, but again at $12, was too pricey for what she got. I ordered the Tuscan Panini, which was very tasty. I don't think we'll be back, and if the number of empty seats on a Saturday night is any sign of what is in their future, they might want to think about changing things up.
4	Finally!  A great non-chain restaurant in the University Area!  Great pizzas, awesome brunch including red velvet waffles and breakfast pizza.  Yum!  I'm so happy!
1	Management was horribly rude. Menu clearly stated "Build your own pizza up to 5 toppings for $7.99". After we ordered, manager stated that the $7.99 only included cheese pizza, and additional toppings were$1/each. That CLEARLY was not what the menu stated, and he refused to honor their menu price. Even if it was a mistake on the menu, they should have honored what was printed there, and eaten the $5. So hopefully the $5 he saved the restaurant was worth all of the bad publicity and loss of 3 customers who LOVE to dine out.
3	This place has so much potential and unfortunately isn't tapping into it. For a prime location in university city I expected it to be busy on a Saturday night. To my surprise it had three tables seated. I was more so embarrassed because I had made a reservation. The service was good for the most part. Our server was in training but had a good understanding of what she was doing. They are privileged to have the best bartender in the city on their staff Daniel L. In terms of the food, it took more time than I would have expected for it to come out. I ordered a pizza and found myself slightly underwhelmed. Most of my toppings seemed to be thrown on after it came out of the oven, so my veggies were still raw. My husband got a panini which he ended up eating the next day (he filled up on apps) but said it was really good. I think with some more advertising and a broader menu this place could be a big hit. I will say, around 10 pm Saturday nights it turns into somewhat of a lounge and the atmosphere is pretty grown and sexy....I believe that's how the kids call it these days. Hopefully this place gets busier
1	When this place first opened, my husband, friends, and I really enjoyed it. The food was great, especially the macaroni and cheese. The atmosphere was what you'd expect when going to a nice dinner out. However, I am not sure what has happened in the last few months. Apparently due to a change in management they have cut their menu down drastically taking away some of the better options, including the macaroni and cheese and salmon BLT. Big mistake. We ordered the 2 for $20, which is a little misleading on menu. You're thinking you get two pizzas plus two salads but you only get one pizza, which in some cases is not even getting as better dealthan just ordering individually. Definitely not worth the money. We spent $29 with tip for a tiny pizza,  two very small salads, and my husband's iced tea. I wouldn't have necessarily minded that if the pizza was really good, but it was not. It was just average. We were left unsatisfied and very disappointed. Also, we went on a Wednesday expecting to find a nice quiet place to eat. Instead, they had half of the restaurant closed off with a DJ playing loud music for what I'm assuming was to be some sort of private party eventually. However, there were only the DJ and a couple people over there during the time we were having dinner. Seems like a waste to have someone preparing so early, playing music so loud that we couldn't even hear each other speak. This place had more of a sports bar feel with Italian food. If you're drinking then you'll probably be ok with the mediocre food. However, if you want a nice dinner, we suggest you go somewhere else. We had thought that this place was going to become one of our new favorites until new management came in and changed it for the worse. The food is not as good, the options are few, and the atmosphere has gone downhill. We definitely won't be going back and we will make sure to warn our friends and family as well.
4	I saw this place on the My Fab5 Charlotte Instagram account and decided to try lunch with a friend. There isn't much in the University area aside from chain restaurants so I thought this would be a welcomed addition. As other's have noted the menu is somewhat limited. I'm not a big pizza fan aside from the good ol favorite pizza hut so that only left panini's and pasta dishes. We started off with an appetizer of mozzarella sticks, they actually were 3 huge triangles of fried mozzarella, which were pretty good. Then I had the Tuscan Panini with fries. This sandwich was great especially the pesto aioli sauce. My friend had the Caprese chicken Panini and she enjoyed her sandwich was well.  We arrived around 12:30pm and the restaurant as kinda empty, not sure when they opened but maybe they just need to drum up more business. I do think they should expand their pasta menu to include a lemon butter sauce. If a restaurant does not include a lemon butter or a very light sauce I usually skip right past the pasta section . I think as time goes on they will pick up business, it's right beside Chilli's and Cheddars so I'm sure people are starting to notice. They may need to work on their advertising because I wasn't exactly sure what type of restaurant it was but I 'm glad I came in. Overall the service was great and the food was good I would come back to eat again. A staff member stopped by to tell us about the DJ they have on Saturday nights . I believe he used to dj at Bull and Barrister and apparently it turns into more of a lounge atmosphere at night. I may go back later in the evening to check this out one night.
1	CLOSED 12/21/14 Bought a deal on living social, drove 30 minutes to get there, business is closed!
