4	Busy store, but well staffed with efficient cashiers.  Best fountain drink deal in town.
2	I do not have to  fill up my gas tank here- get a cheap beverage or buy a random hot dog here- but I do.  While some reviews boast the "well staffed efficient cashiers" at this location, I must share my recent and seemingly more often poor experiences at this conveniently located convenience store.If I do not have to go inside this store- everything is fine.  It is usually clean and the gas prices are usually better than average.On the occasion I do venture inside to purchase a 70 cent fountain beverage or hot dog, i am usually able to find everything in decent shape.  Cups stocked , floor: not sticky or cluttered with debris.  There dose seem to be a surprisingly high ratio of employees to customers.  At any given time it appears there are at least 3-4 employees operating the cash register for the line of customers.  The employees are able to eat, drink, talk on their cell phones, carry on personal conversations while taking customers money.  Despite the multitasking they usually greet and thank each customer without making eye contact. It's a nice gesture but lost among the distractions. They seem to always be counting down the cash drawers, too.  I imagine this is to keep money from being too accessible to robbers. One time, recently, when I felt the urge to buy a hot dog, there were 6 employees present.   I can tell this because they all wear bright red Circle K Shirts.  5 of these  employees were standing behind the counter having a very good time talking and laughing loudly as they counted down cash drawers and spooled receipts.  No one was helping the growing number of customers lining up at the counter in front of them.  There was a 6th employee that appeared to be on break or something as he was at the beverage dispensers cavorting with the others across the counter.    This seemed to go on long enough to build a significant line of waiting customers.  One of the 6 employees did begin to ring people up, not missing a beat of banter with his colleagues.  after about 4 people ahead of me were helped it was finally my turn.  I approached the cashier and he literally said "I'm closed. She'll help you." He began pulling the receipt tape from his register as he motioned to the employee at the other register fiddling with her cell phone. Really??I wanted to throw the hot dog at them scream and run out!  Instead, I kept my cool, gave them my dollar and sulked out without saying a word.
