3	A new restaurant in the popular Green Valley Ranch Station Casino - Tides Oyster Bar.I'm not sure if you can call it an oyster bar when they only have one selection of oysters to choose from...hmmmm...They offer New Orleans' type of food with pan roasts, gumbos, and Po'Boys.  They also have large flat screens to catch the latest sporting events going. Yesterday, wanting something lighter, I opted for the Seafood Salad Louie at $12.  The shrimp was covered with a red sauce that I wasn't too sure of, and would have preferred it plain so I can cover it up with the typical Louie dressing that was provided.  They gave us some yummy cheesy flat bread that was flaky and full of flavor and a couple of hard rolls with cold butter.  (I hate trying to spread hard butter on a hard roll. Blah.)  Despite their crap oyster selection, we still went for it.  At $11 for half a dozen, we went for the full dozen at $16.  They only had the NY Primes that day.  They were accompanied with cocktail sauce and horseradish and a couple of wedges of lemon.  (Note: With a dozen oysters, two wedges of lemons just don't cut it!)  I was a bit disappointed they didn't offer a Mignonette sauce of some sort.  (I mean, it is an oyster bar, right?)  My dining companion went for the House Gumbo at $18.  Full of moist plump shrimps, lobster pieces and okra, it was decent but lacked full flavor.  This was taken care of my companion added a few choice hot sauces from the six bottles they leave at your table for your own liking.  Some initial heat would have been nice to start with in this dish.  They also offered fresh clams on the half shell too, but I'm more of an oyster fan myself.  We definitely didn't have any room for dessert though.Overall, service was good.  Clean and bright and very spacious.  I wouldn't mind going back if they could expand their oyster selection a bit more.
4	please keep in mind GVR is my place to stay when going to Vegas, so i've probably been to this place more times then i can remember...the food isn't off the charts, it's just quality, home cooked style, stick to your ribs tasty goodness.  the Oysters are always fresh, so the selection is different every time im there.  the Roasts are creamy crustacean concoctions with a side of steamed rice, the Jambalaya is healthy on the meats but maybe needs a tad of spice, and the chilled seafood appetizers cant miss, in particular the Crab Cocktail and Chilled Whole Lobster.  portions are filling, and the food always hits the spot.  while the Chowder is good, its pre-made and left to simmer...this is the place to stop by for a dozen with your Champagne (BYOB allowed!) as a prelude to dinner at Hank's later in the evening.
4	Casual fare.   Very good preparations, and very good sizes.   Try the Linguini w/clams.
4	We went here for dinner our first night in Vegas. Being from the east coast we weren't that hungry cause of the time difference and our bodies being confused so we had a dozen oysters and a 1/2 portion of gumbo between the two of us.  That said, it was yummy! I liked that there were a variety of oysters (even if it was only 3 types) and the gumbo was better than any I had in New Orleans last month!  I wish we were staying in town longer so I could try more of the menu options, but this short review will have to do for now.
3	My wife and I were staying at GVR for a vacation and decided to try Tides since it was conveniently located just off the Casino.We tried several different dishes while we were there, such as the Peel-And-Eat Cajun Shrimp, Fish & Chips as well as the Shrimp Po' Boy and all were very, very good. I wouldn't say this is over-the-top five star dining, but it's a good quality meal in a nice open atmosphere.They had a deal going while we were out there, where you could get a pound of the Peel-And-Eat Shrimp with a pint of beer for $17. Not an amazing bargain, but cheap enough to make a sub-$30 meal out of it with another main dish.I mark it down for service. When we went there it was relatively empty yet we still had to constantly get our waiters attention if we needed refills on our drinks or to order our next course. I'm sure this isn't the norm, but it was a little ridiculous. My wife and I were pleased and if you're in the mood for good seafood while at GVR (and about done with their great buffet), Tides is a good spot to check out.
3	I had never been to a Tides before and finally decided to go.  The service was outstanding - Nelia took care of me, refilling tea, etc.  I got hot bread and a crisp flatbread immediately.  Everything was quick and comfy.  Teri C. reviewed this place 4 years ago and the same is true - one type of fresh oysters - any specialty oysters are market price.I got a dozen oysters - they came with 4 lemon wedges, cocktail sauce, horseradish, and tabasco.  No mignonette.  They were really fresh and well-shucked.  I was almost full from those.  However, I have been reading all sorts of Oyster Bar reviews for places from here to Harrah's to Palace Station to Sunset Station, and everyone always mentions Pan Roast.  I was thinking that meant something like meat, but there it was on the menu - seafood with brandy, tomato sauce, and a touch of cream.  I got the Signature (crab, shrimp and lobster) - they had half orders so I opted for this.  It comes with choice of rice or pasta.  I got mine medium spicy.  It was tasty, had a nice heat, and the rice with green onions was a great compliment.  If I had any more of an appetite, I would have dipped my hot bread in the sauce.Overall, a pleasant experience and atmosphere.  No need to rush back.  However they are offering 10 dinners for $10 in a promotion - a poboy, salmon burger, or various fried or grilled seafood items with cole slaw, hushpuppies, and fries.
4	Have eaten here several times in the past and went back again last night.It's been consistently good each time.  My favorite on the menu if the Etouffe (sp?), but I ended up getting the Salmon Burger because of the $10 deal they have running right now.  The Salmon Burger was much bigger than I thought it would be and it was juicy with good flavoring.We started with the mussels which were 'ok'... not super fantastic but good.  I did enjoy the white wine garlic butter sauce they were served in to dip my bread in so it gets a thumbs up for that alone.The dinner salad.... don't bother ordering it.  Get one of the other salads or soup.  The dinner salad is nothing but iceberg lettuce, some cherry tomatoes and a few cucumber slices.But everything else is/was tasty.We didn't get the crab / artichoked dip this time, but we've had it in the past and it's filling.... so if you just want to grab a drink and appetizer because you don't want a big dinner, this place is Perfect for that too.Close to the sports book and have a couple of TVs in their bar area so you can keep an eye on all your games.
1	Probably one of the worst meals I have had - anywhere.  The fried fish was cooked in stale grease and tasted like it.  The service was terrible.  Not only could we not understand the accent the waitress had, but she was slow taking our order (the restaurant was almost empty) and would have to be begged to refill our iced tea glasses.  Had to request ice for the iced tea since there was none in the glass.  There were 4 of us and we all ordered different items.  Everyone felt the same way.  Will never go back.
4	Bellying up to the bar, the Husband and I wanted a light dinner before our movie date.  We ordered Pan Roast with Lobster to share.  In the meantime, we enjoyed their complimentary baked items.  No cheesy flat breads this time, but the sesame one was available.  They also had warm sourdough bread with butter that wasn't too cold to spread and it was just so good.  When our pan roast arrived, they were nice enough to split the portion into two bowls without charging us for a split plate charge (nor us asking them to).  There were chunks of lobster meat, which surprised us both, and it tasted so good with the warm bread dipping into the yummy goodness.  We left satisfied! Service was fabulous - from the staff working behind the counter and the staff coming around from the floor.
3	Service so-so to poor.Food quality was very good.  Ordered a piece of Blackened Orange Roughy, very tasty.  The chef even stopped by and I complemented him.
2	I have to agree that service here is non-existant.  My friend and I went for a late lunch 3 P.M.   We were one of three couples seated and yet the service was awful.  I had to ask the waitress twice to fill my glass only to look over and see her sitting with another couple chatting.  I finally held up my glass and said "please!!"  Only then did I get my water.The pan roast was nothing more than seafood stew and not nearly as good as the one my husband and I used to love at the Palms a few years ago.  The Caesar salad was good, cold, and plentiful. The tile floor and walls makes it very noisy (cooks chatting, music, etc. )so conversation was difficult even though the place was empty.  To it's credit, Tides is very clean, bright and well maintained.Would we go back again?  No.  Too many other good seafood places.
4	I am a fan of the Fried Oyster Po' Boy...very good Oysters, good soft bread. It is HUGE, share if you can. So many fried oysters on it! Not something I would usually order and I loved it. Will defininately go back for this and it was only $10 for a lunch special with coleslaw (not very good), fries and 3 Hushpuppies, great deal!
4	Pretty good tasting seafood thats what it comes down to. Went on a late sunday afteroon and it was maybe 1/3 full of people. Sat at the oyster bar and the service was spot on even with us two raging alcoholics needing booze and refills of crablegs. I would look for a coupon through station casinos or players club or whatever, food is just a touch pricey for a off the strip casino. I will be back because its at Green Valley Ranch so  yeah good seafood and you have everying else in the district as well. Their clam chowder is pretty freakin good :D
4	For the price you can't complain. They have a great deal right now where 10 menu items for 10bux. My husband got the salmon burger off of it and it was much larger than we anticipated. They had a special on a ribeye with veggies and mashed potatoes with a salad for $16. It was good but after getting the oysters as an appetizer I wished I had gone for one of their kettle specials i.e. gumbo, ciopinno etc. Not the best ever but definitely good food for the price considering how much other places in GVR go for
4	We had the weluvlocals coupon $50 of seafood for $25 !!!! FANTASTIC!!!! we both had the all you can eat crab legs! SOOOOO YUMMY!!! The waitress was kind enough to tell us not to bother with the apps....they are all just ehhh.... the salad the crab came with was super plain but the crab legs were YUM YUM YUM!!! We will be back as soon as the same offer is offered again.... I must admit i sure do miss the all you can eat crab legs at the GVR buffett :( But this is a runner up substitution
2	I went there for the all you can eat crab leg dinner and the crab legs were very poor quality. The oysters are good there and clam chowder soup are good but everything else sucks in this place. The waiters and cooks are nice though
4	My mom and husband ate at Tides and loved it on Saturday, so we decided to go back since the buffet line was about 600 people deep.We both got all you can eat crab legs. They were very good, but the corn that came with my food was like creamed corn from being boiled way too long. The crab legs were a little bit sea water tasting, and I am not sure if that is normal or not, but after one helping, it gave me a giant headache. Butter made me feel like I was going to have a heart attack, so usually I skipped on that as well. the soda was delicious, from bad choices all weekend. I would go back, husband had the lobster roll said it was delish, and mom had the crab cakes which she said were also delish. A bit pricey, our meal came to about 75 with tip for two people, but eh.
3	Cheap and serves pretty decent clam chowder and fish n chips. Usually send coupons to GVR card holders.
4	Every time we come to Vegas we try to make a stop at Tides for their delicious Pan Roast.  The dish is big enough to be split between two people.  We've also enjoyed the clam chowder, raw oysters and clams, and cajun peel 'n eat shrimp.  They were all good, but the Pan Roast is what we come back for!
1	Eeeek! I am sad to write this update after my previous 4 Star Review. I thought the Oysters were so good, that my husband and I decided to purchase one of the "I love locals" coupons - $25 for $50 of food and take my parents who were visiting from WA State. It was an Anniversary dinner of sorts and to take my dad who Loves oysters. I told him how great they were. To meet the $50 coupon we had to order an appetizer. We choose Crab & Artichoke dip..No Bueno. Hardly any crab, which was very "fishy" and the dip was as thin as water and had a very strange herb taste. I didn't find any artichokes. My dad and I ordered the fried oysters special. It comes with Fried Oysters - a huge pile, fries and 3 hushpuppies. My mom ordered the Shrimp Louie, it was ok - nothing special. Small salad shrimp on a regular very small green salad with thousand island dressing on the side, it said it came with avocado - that was not present, and expensive for what it was - over $11...Schmeh. My husband ordered the Fish and Chips, they were decent. Nice white fish, not overcooked. Now, here is where the real problem began...I bite into my lovely looking fried oyster and yikes, a shell. I was able to fish it out, when right at that moment it happens to my dad. His was much worse, it was such a big chunk of shell it shattered into pieces and couldn't get it out of his mouth. It caused quite a scene, so much that we made him leave and go to the bathroom to rinse out his mouth. As you can probably imagine, we were all totally grossed out and lost our appetite. By the time the server came over, my mom and husband were nearly done eating. We told her the problem and she sent over the manager. Who was nice, but My goodness - I have never heard anyone speak this loudly in my life! She asked if we wanted to remake them. I pointed out that the oysters are probably all in the same place and could potentially still have shells. She said that "sometimes this happens and they try their best to rinse off the shells" hmmmm....try HARDER it could have broken a tooth and it's gross! Ok so she offered to let us choose something else. I got fried shrimp and my dad got grilled shrimp. They ended up tasting ok, but neither of us were hungry by the time they came - which was almost 30min after they had taken away my mom and husband's plates!!! So now we have 2 different dinners and can't eat all together. But the biggest problem of all...I decided to taste my husband's coleslaw while waiting for my new food, he doesn't care for coleslaw. I took a big bite and started gagging, sorry to be graphic but I choked and threw up in my napkin. It was totally rotten!!!! When the waitress came over, she said the could smell that it was rotten just from picking it up to take it away off the table. The manager refused to smell it, although I begged and pointed out the server said she could smell it was rotten. This just really topped of the whole meal! Holy mother of grossness! Ok so the manager did not charge us for any of the food, offered free dessert, which we declined and gave us our coupon back to come back and use again, since my husband had already paid $25 online for it, so it was like cash. Now...I guess we will have to go back and give them another try - if I can work myself up to this. I will not order the Oysters, and ask that the coleslaw be left off my plate. We may just forget the $25 we already paid and not go back, still undecided. It is hard to believe that one thing after the other could happen like this in one dining experience, but, yep it sure did! Be careful when getting the oysters and stay far away from their rotten slaw!
4	Came here with the gf when it was quiet and was able to get good service, so not too sure what it's like when it's busy.We started with the crab & artichoke dip which seemed to only have a little crab, but lots of artichokes.  It was good and had a good texture, but you really don't taste the crab too much.We both got the combo Pan Roast and it was good. Although they didn't give the option as to how spicy I wanted it like they do at the Palace Station.Both items had plenty of crab, shrimp, and some lobster and were incredibly tasty.Finished with the bread pudding which was also rather tasty.I would come back, especially since the line for the Palace Station's Oyster Bar is quite long.
2	08/23/11 DINNER. OK. We've given this place 4 chances. I don't think we need to go back.PROS- Pan Roast. A creole concept, supposedly, very rich. I've tried it twice, once mixed (lobster, crab, shrimp) and once just crab. Liked both versions a LOT. Went back for this. But I hear the one at the Palace Station might be better. Will investigate, but NOT in a hurry.NEUTRAL- The "special" raw oysters. Tried the Kusshi and Kumimotos twice, thought they were good. THEN I got Kusshi's at Comme Ca in the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas after 10pm for CHEAPER (a dozen at Tides was $20, at Comme Ca $18!) and the quality difference was STUNNING. I'll only get half-shell product at Comme Ca (after 10pm) and BLUEHOUR (happy hour $1 oysters) from now on.- Shrimp cocktail. 5 large shrimp. Spouse had it this time, thought it was OK, thought $13 was high considering the $2.99 ones at Grand Cafe within Stations are just as good overall.- Gumbo. It was fine, but I preferred the Pan Roast.- Wine selection. OK selection, but expensive.CONS- Lobster Roll. Spouse got it this time around, shells throughout. Last bite was filled with shell, had to spit it out. Told the server, she did absolutely nothing. I said "Well, guess it goes into Yelp!"- Etouffee. Just didn't do it for me. Preferred the Pan Roast.- Beer selection. Yeah, they give you 23oz beers for $6, but nothing special.- Smoke. Altho it's somewhat enclosed, it's one of two restaurants in GVR that has access to smoke, and it shows. Spouse was sneezing like mad at one point, and said "It's the smoke". (The SUSHI BAR in GVR is MUCH WORSE for smoke. It's really ridiculous, serving sushi next to smokers at slots! Whereas the steak house is ENCLOSED!)- Service. All four times, the servers are "nice", some nicer than others (actually, only one in four is nicely memorable). But no water offered, all four times. They take orders, bring food/drink, NO timing involved (if you're in the middle of something, too bad, here comes the next course!), come by once per serving and ask/say  "EVERYTHING OK? GOOD." and QUICKLY move on. When we were there today there was ONE server for the ENTIRE restaurant, counter AND tables, and I counted 20+ heads to serve. Really impersonal. Guess cuz they want you back on the casino floor ASAP after dining!I'm just underwhelmed for the expense, EVEN with coupons generated by their WE LOVE LOCALS website.We're done.
3	The food is good.... And by food i mean crab legs of course! The service SUCKS :( i mean really really sucks! Bummer because the AYCE crab legs are a great deal... Go to oyster bar @ sunset station for fantastic seafood and great service!
3	**Summary**       - Flavor - The house etouffee and bread pudding were above average. Everything else was par at best.       - Portion - The portion size is pretty large. Expect to take things home.       - Coupon - They periodically have a $25 for $45 at www.weluvlocals.com. Unfortunately, it doesn't work for any of the specials like the all-you-can-eat crab legs.       - Decor - It's probably one of the best oyster bars in terms of decor in all the station casinos. It's very spacious and elegant       - Service - I noticed the service was a little slower than your average restaurant but nothing too bad.**Ordered**       - $18 House Etouffee - It's suppose to be with lobster, shrimp, and crab. They had shrimp. You saw the strings of crab, but no chunks. Lobster was almost nonexistent. They might as well just had shrimp. Other than that, the taste was pretty good and the portion size is large and can probably be split for two (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oQi2rgl-ajKDoTAaceLBag?select=Mq-1FSxp2sVGoEwVlU1Tsw).       - $14 Linguine with Clams - Adequate. Nothing good or bad about the dish.       - $5 Tides Bread Pudding - The portion size for this was huge. I finished about a quarter of it. Really good bread pudding (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oQi2rgl-ajKDoTAaceLBag?select=CK6J2xGPst7Bg-i4XYsCNA).       - $5 New York Cheesecake - Standard cheesecake (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oQi2rgl-ajKDoTAaceLBag?select=j5elTYoZBUULpoUZzkFFgA).**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place if you have the weluvlocals coupon. Other than that, it's a pretty average place.
4	I was pleasantly surprised to find this inexpensive spot at our resort. Great space for some fresh oysters and football.Oysters are live, shucked to order and only $16-18 per dozen. The menu is not overwhelming with choices, but has something for every palate. Pasta, salads, po' boy sandwiches, fish & chips, seafood stews all featuring fresh seafood. Wash it down with a glass of wine, beer or a cocktail, while you watch the game on one of many flat screen televisions.Very personable service as well.
2	Just had dinner here and for the money I paid for (almost $100 for 2 adults and 2 kids who just shared an order of calamari coz they were full after having a late snack) I just have to get my experience off my chest! We decided to eat here after learning that their buffet stopped serving crabs. I had their AYCE snow crab legs which came with 1 small corn on Cobb and potatoes and a salad. They served me a wilted salad (the state w/c I would personally throw out if I chance upon it!) I sent it back and asked for an EDIBLE salad. The corn and potatoes where soooo soggy since it came with the crabs in a pool of steamed water.  The crabs were ok.My hubby had steak and lobster brochettes. The steak was pretty good.We ordered calamari for my kids, tasted like those frozen ones you buy in the grocery. Don't bother to order it! Our server btw, really not as attentive as i would wish for! My only consolation is their cheesecake. It just tasted perfect! (thus the 2 stars!) BUT, I will never come back!!!
4	I'm might just be me but I find it a little strange to get hush puppies and fries with Spicy grilled shrimp... But its cool.The coleslaw was not as fresh and crispy as it should have but it was good enough... Fyi I showed up about 45 min before closing.Hush puppies and fries are just just fine but its kind of hard get them wrong.Now the shrimp would have been better off with out all that salt! But it was still ok.The best part would have to be the draft beer that cost less than the bar just out side of this place.Over all I liked my meal and was happy. Oh, they also have 12 for $12 and no it's not 12 different items for 12 bucks....
5	Get the combo roast medium and you've arrived at the promised land. That's the very best item and best dessert choice is bread pudding with vanilla sauce or the cheesecake. Price is reasonable for the food at this restaurant. Easy access inside GV Ranch.
3	It's hard to review Tides at GVR, mainly because the service is usually so bad it totally destroys the dining experience.The food is a solid three stars. Saucy dishes all seem overwhelming: thick and pasty masking any delicate seafood flavors. That also includes the gumbo. I don't recommend the pan roast, the etouffee, or any other of their supposedly New Orleans-style saucy dishes.Grilled and fried foods are very good as are the standard lobster and crab dishes, though the fish and chips are inconsistent enough, I now usually ask that the fish be fried till the batter is crispy.Oh, and finally, both the clam chowders are excellent, though the Manhattan-style is slightly underseasoned.
5	Tonight it was all just right! Got the bread pudding first that is excellent and was enough for 2-4 people. Very filling. Then the house pan roast medium in spicy level and was just perfect flavor, presentation and quantity.Service with Jan was super. Excellent experience. All things were working this Friday nite at Tides.
3	This is 4 star food, but the prices put it at 3 stars.I've gotten the shrimp linguine before.  It was average.  Really expensive though.  I'm pretty sure it was over $15.This time I got the fish tacos.  They were $12.  $12 for three regular sized fish tacos with a tiny spoonful of rice on the side.  This place is ridiculous with the pricing.  Anyways, they did a pretty good job on the tacos.  I'm not sure what fish they used but it didn't seem to be the pollock I'm used to.  It was deep fried though.  And it was served with cabbage on a soft corn tortilla.  The sauce was neither red or white, it was orange.  I have no idea what the sauce was, but it was okay.Service is about average.  The few times I've been I've walked up and sat myself at the bar.  I'm not sure how the service is out at the tables.
4	My husband and I had dinner here last night and lunch today.  First of all, there is no ambience.... it is very stark.  That part could be much improved.  They serve real sourdough bread in a basket before each meal.  We both got the whold Maine lobster dinner.  It was very messy, but yummy.  It would be nice if they brought hot, wet hand towels with lemon at the end instead of wetnaps.  Today is my bday and I had to go back and try the lobster roll......It was delicious!!! They even got the authentic roll right (I know b/c my parents are from Maine). I would not stay at GVR again, but I told my husband that we will have to stop in for a lobster roll next time we come to a different hotel in Vegas.
5	This was an excellent find!!! All you can eat crab for $28! I recommend this place to every crab addict I meet. The ambiance is decent & the staff keeps that crab coming!!
5	Great seafoad at a great price!  Try the lobster roll for $13 and a side of melted butter - its a bargain and delicious, and helps fill that lobster craving at only $13!!  Also, excellent fish and chips.
4	Our family's first time here. Cozy environment. We were there for lunch. The server was pleasant. She attends to our needs with ease. Price was reasonable. Their gumbo was not that tasty per my sister. My Mum loves their mahi2. I had Cajun Alfredo. It was cool except for the peas.
1	Dinner went from bad to worse.  We got to Tides and were told it would be 15-20 minutes for a table.   Almost an hour later we took seats at the bar so we could sit down.  It took so long to get drinks I had to go and buy one from the Grill next door for my daughter.  I got my salad before getting my drink.  My grandma had shrimp and steak(med-well) both of which had to be sent back because they were raw.  I had the crab legs and they were falling apart.  I couldn't even get the meat out because it was so soft and mushy.  Food was in the window for another table for over 20 minutes.  The sous chef had to remake it three times (yes we counted while we were waiting to get drinks.) The service was horrible.  to top everything off two waitresses got into a big argument right in front of us and my 3 year  old was saying "they are mean mommy."  Then we are pretty sure we saw our waitress spit in the water pitcher.  I almost threw up.
2	Located inside the Green Valley Ranch in between the sports book and poker room.Good parking in the west garage always. If in lot it depends on day and time.The hostess's and staff are always friendly. Today 6/20/12 they were too.We ordered drinks and came fast. Then the bread basket came out. Hot and fresh.We got 1 dozen Kumamoto small oysters along with a 1/2 crab, shrimp and lobster roast. Also ordered lobster and fillet brochettes.  The restaurant wasn't busy but out server was a little frazzled for some reason. As things came off their normal axis it got worse.The pan roast came and as I'm looking at it being served it looked flat . Hard to describe but I know since I've had it at least 100 times. Then as its coming down I see a thumb uncomfortably close to my food. STOP . Now I'm staring at the bowl and her back and forth. To the dude it goes.That dish ruined. The steak was medium and tasted just right. Lobster was cooked about right but just not up to their regular consistent level.This visit was one of the worst I've had here over the years. I'll talk with the manager and keep my yelpbuds on alert.Usually very good so its worth going in. But I'm raising an eyebrow and watching em.
4	We came here as we were too lazy to leave the hotel to get dinner and we had a fifty dollar credit we had to use that came with our Groupon deal for staying at the hotel. We both got the lobster bake, an order of a dozen oysters and I got a 24 oz beer ($6 for beer, what a deal!).  The oysters tasted fresh and were delicious. The lobster bake consisted of a 1.5 lbs lobster, 4 clams, corn and potatoes. Everything tasted great and there was plenty of food.  Prices were reasonable (lobster bake was $30 each). The only complaint is that the clams had some sand. Service was good.  Definitely a place to go for seafood.
1	I really wanted to like Tides in GVR Casino because I frequent the casino there often.  I've tried 3 times and all 3 times have been disappointing.Trip #1:  Had the lobster roll for lunch.   Great deal at $13, but it was bland.  No taste.Trip #2:  The waitress was a bit rude and the service was slow.  Granted they were busy for a Saturday, so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt.  The Pan Roast my wife ordered was ok, but nothing compared to the Pan Roast at the Oyster Bar at South Point.  My Bouillabaisse was bland and tasteless also.Trip #3:  One last try, went for the AYCE snow crab dinner.  The worst Service I ever received.  Troy, our waiter was very forgetful and I had to wait forever for the crab.  It was not the freshest and not worth the $70 bill (before tip).Needless to say, I will never be returning to that restaurant to eat.  The Oyster Bar at South point is leaps and bounds above this place.  One bright note:  Val, the hostess is always gracious and very hard working.  I see her busing tables, running around in her heels to help everyone.  She is a shining star in a dismal place to eat.
4	We came here on a Friday night looking for a good oyster fix and a place to blow our $50 resort credit.  I am not sure why the reviews are not better but i would definitely come back if i find myself at GVR again.  Very casual, we walked in and took two seats front and center at the counter.  First up was a dozen kumamoto oysters.  Shucked right in front of us and with the usual accompaniments this was just what we were looking for.  Best part of all $20!!!  Are you kidding me?  That is half you would expect to pay anywhere in Los Angeles, i almost got another dozen on principle but we had two dinners on there way.  The fish and chips were solid and the pan roast with lobster, crab, and shrimp was awesome.  Service was good and the overall experience is worthy of 4 stars.
5	Best price, best atmosphere, best chowder in town! LOVE this place!
3	I actually found this place to be quite good. I got the dozen oysters for $17. The oysters are from Virginia. My husband ordered a few more items... the calamari and the full portion of pan roast with all three (shrimp, crab, and lobster). He isnt the biggest seafood eater, so for him to say that he really really enjoyed the pan roast is awesome. I personally really liked the pan roast as well. The full portion was large enough for both me and my husband!Quite good if you are ever in the mood for seafood and are putting bets down at the GVR sports book!
2	Maybe I ordered the wrong thing?  We did come in about half an hour before closing, so you know how service gets when the staff is ready to go home. They practically make you hurry up so they can go home.   BTW as one of the workers was trying to clean up around us while eating, you know to rush us out.  She rushed so quickly that she didn't realize that rthe end of her towel she was wiping the counters with also dipped into the dirty dish holder.  So what she wiped the counters with was dirty.  AND when we left, I found a piece of bread on the floor even after the workers made about 2-3 time sweeps around us, you know to rush us out (yes I said it again).  I bet it flew on the ground like how they were flying that dirty rag on the counter.  On to food critiques.  I ordered the Manhattan Clam Chowder bowl and Fried Oysters for appetizer and seafood bouillabaisse for main dish.  Manhattan Clam Chowder wasn't tasty.  Large portion, but not tasty.  Fried Oyster was probably the best of what I ordered.  It was about a little less than a dozen pieces and the oyster pieces were large too.  When the main course came in, the waitress said it was a popular dish there.  I picked it because I always thought that workers at the restaurant knows what is best.  Yah, that wasn't for me.  To me, that dish was something that I could make at home.  I don't often come to GVR, but don't think I woudl come back to this Oyster Bar.
4	Tides holds a special place in my heart because it was one of the first times I realized I had feelings for my current boyfriend LOL we bonded over our love of crab legs.... HAHAHA2 years ago one of my friends won a poker tournament so he offered to treat us to GVR buffet so we could indulge in crab legs.. but to our dismay we found out that they no longer served crab legs but that their oyster bar, Tides, did... So off to Tides we went and the rest is all history... The first time we went there for AYCE snow crab legs there were some minor speed bumps such as overly salty crab legs... and the orders came out way too slow... They only put a new order of crab in after you finished your current order so it would take another 10 minutes to get a new plate which just ruined the flow of things.. BUT this last time we went, which was a couple months ago, everything was PERFECT~! It's $29 for AYCE snow crab legs PLUS a yummy bread basket, salad or clam chowder soup, potatoes/corn on the cobs and dessert!!! You are required to purchase a drink though so it's closer to $35 but seriously SO worth it ;]]] The crabs were not overly salty this time and were not skimpy looking.. Our server ASHLEY was wonderful... She would put a order in when we were half way through our current order which made the flow constant... ahhhh writing this is making me crave crab legs... a trip to Tides is most definitely needed haha  HOT TIP: we totally pulled a ghetto move and brought our own sauce last time to dip the crab in.. LOL we brought our own Boiling Crab sauce (sometimes butter just doesn't do it...) but they didn't look at us like we were crazy so that was nice ;]]]
5	I love this place. the staff are very friendly and always checking on us. My favorite foods are the pan roast, Caesars salad with grilled mahi , and fish and chips. the oysters are a must.
3	This place is owned by the same team behind the Oyster Bar in Sunset Station.  It's well priced and the meal is great.  I particularly recommend the Pan Roast.  It's a brilliant mix of rice and seafood with a nice sauce.The restaurant itself is in the heart of the casino, and its interior suffers a bit because of this.  You don't get the feeling you're in a restaurant.  It feels like a cafeteria.  They could definitely take a cue from their other location at Sunset Station and make the setting more desirable.Still, great food at a good price.
5	When we arrived there we were seated immediately, our server was very friendly. Since it was our first time here, we were pleased to find out that their all-you-can-eat crab legs weren't served buffet style because I really hate buffet food. The crab was so tasty and the dessert was even better...will definitely come back to this place next time we visit Las Vegas...
3	This place has always been a little hit and miss in the many times I've dined here.  I can't complain too much because of the in casino convenience.  Oysters have always been fresh, chowder good, fish and chips plentiful and believe it or not, the steak was good too.  When playing at GVR this is certainly on the list of possible places to go if is has been a while...
4	Food is good, but inconsistent flavors and portions. Service is mediocre.We love GVR, however, and end up eating here often!
5	Both Sunset Station and GVR have oyster bars, but Tides has a lot of menu items that the Oyster Bar at Sunset doesn't.  While they both have the roasts and gumbo (house gumbo, spicy please), Tides has a bunch of sandwiches, fried and blackened items that Oyster Bar doesn't.  Although Oyster Bar is closer to my house, the additional menu items mean I seek out Tides quite a lot.  The prices are very reasonable.  For $13, for example, you get a packed full lobster roll, a lot of fries, and a side of cole slaw.  The fries aren't seasoned well, so I ask for some Old Bay on the side.The restaurant is large with plenty of seating, another difference between its counterpart at Sunset Station.  Lots of TVs, and as others note, it's right near the sportsbook and the Paseo Verde garage entrance.  Excellent location, and a very good meal.
3	Let me begin by saying I went for "all you can eat crab legs" my first batch were warm not hot,some were leaning towards cold. I like my lump crab cocktail cold. But not legs that are suppose to be served hot.the second bowl was hot and I did not even say anything I did go for a third and it was the hottest lol. I was pretty happy, no need for the tiny ear of corn or the little red potato swimming around in crab juice. I tossed them both not worth even trying. I was only able to give 3 stars because my husband got steak and lobster tail. Steak was fatty, tail was very over cooked, and it did not even come with a salad. So he pretty much enjoyed my 3rd serving of legs. Because his was terrible. If we return it will only be for the all you can eat crab.
3	Went in for the $30 all u can eat "crab legs."  But, they were not legs, they were "clusters," the kind you get at the buffet.... too much work for $30 bucks, it was a bloody mess with a minor cut for easy cracking and picking.  I should have just gone to the Friday or Saturday buffet for $14 bucks.  It was not worth the value, but the bread was to die for!!!!  If you advertise legs, give me hastle free user friendly legs, not clusters with more work than I care to exert. Service staff was super friendly, but chef was a prick (I did complain)).
4	Love the all-you-can-eat crab and friendly customer service
2	went back..and it was a mistake, i think they changed management but we spent 3 hours here and we only received two batches of crab legs. Our server was an older woman who moved very slowly, she also had an attitude but she was really good at hiding it with sarcasm. To make matters worse, the manager is super ditzy and seemed to have no control!
5	Clam chowder was awesome. Also had fish and chips and a quality dish.
2	A friend and I decided to try this place for their $29.99 AYCE Crab Legs. This comes with soup or salad and dessert.  I was excited since I hadn't had crab legs in a very long time.  We decided to sit at the bar.   They weren't overly busy in the entire place so I figured service wasn't going to be a problem.  Big fat WRONG! Our waitress took a while to even come over to get our drink orders...  and even to bring them to us! We both ordered the New England clam chowder. They offer Manhattan also. This also took a while to get placed in front of us.  Hmmm..  Are you seeing a trend here? I will say the clam chowder was really good! They bring a bread basket so this went well with the soup.And we wait...  and wait... and wait for the crab.  Once it was brought out, it was delicious.  It was served with a small piece of corn on the cob and red potato.  I didn't try the sides since I was devouring the crab! About 2 minutes after we got our first plate of crab, another plate was brought out and set in front of us.  This would have been great if we were almost done with the first.   When we started on the second plate, they were already cold. Bummer. Of course cold crab is fine but just not what I was wanting. Then our finished plates sat in front of us for a very long time.  Was she really that busy?  No.  Even just a 'how is everything?' would've been nice.Finally dessert was brought out.  It was a little Banana nut cake with whip on the side. I would say it was good not great.  I ate about half.  So the meal was good.  The service was absolutely horrible. I guess I would say that I probably wont be back since there are many other places to get crab legs.
4	We come here often to get the ayce crab dinner. I can't even really eat that much crab.. But it's good. My favorite is the oysters on the half shell. Soo good. The crab for me is hit or miss depending on how long they cooked it for. Tonight it was pretty overlooked but still good. It gets crowded on weekends so try to go during the week if you can
2	Don't let the two stars fool ya, I would've given it a one but the soup was awesome. My friend and I were out for a girls night and decided we want to have crab legs and Tides has all you can eat for 29.99 with app and dessert included. The place was relatively empty and we decided not to mess up a table so chose the bar.  We should've picked the table because the service at the bar was horrible. Let me explain, the bar area holds about 40 people, there were 7 of us around in different area.  We were asked if we wanted bread by the nice counter girl and we said yes.  It took 10 minutes before our waitress actually came over to ask if we wanted to eat and it took the counter person another 5 to bring the bread over. We had an app choice and we both chose the New England Clam Chowder!!!  This was the reason for the extra star, the Chowder was amazing. We couldn't stop eating it.  We wanted more but didn't ask as we have crab legs coming.  At the 30 minute mark we got our crab legs.  We had each had one leg and the waitress for some odd reason brought over another full plate for each of us.  It was a nice gesture but why bring over additional legs when we have barely started eating AND they would be cold by the time we got to them. Surprise surprise, when we got to them they were ice cold.  During this entire experience I had 1 glass of water and my friend had 1 diet coke.  That was all we received for the entire hour we were there. Yep, the waitress was off talking to other servers.  I would expect this if she had been slammed with customers but not even close. We sat for 10 minutes after we both had finished our meal when she appeared to say she was bringing out our dessert which comes with the Crab Leg meal. This was a nice touch as it was a warm banana nut cake with whipped cream.  It was good but not fantastic. Would I recommend this place to others?  Eh, not really.   Will we be back?  Probably not.
5	On the south side of town, this place is my favorite for seafood stews for years. Yesterday, I had gumbo that the seafood is already shell free so i could enjoy it without the hassle of a mess. It was delicious. Janet was my server: very nice as always. Nellie is my other favorite server. I also had the Pan Roast to go since it is my favorite dish. I always buy the FULL portions. The consistency here is great.
5	I love Tides.  I've been here several times, in fact...about a year ago, I was coming here to treat myself to dinner once a week. I've always had great service here.  My only complaint about the staff is that they are like DRUG DEALERS with the bread!! ;)  I was trying to watch my carb intake last year, and I asked to have the bread taken away at the beginning of my meal...I had 3 different servers AND the manager try to bring me baskets during my meal.  It was hilarious.  So here is what I've eaten here, from appetizers to entrees:Cajun Style peel and eat shrimp:  The dish that peaked my interest in eating here.  Spicy, saucy and delicious, every single time.  I used to get a pound to go, and head over to Quinn's back when we did karaoke there.  And the sauce is especially delicious when you sop it up with the sourdough crack.  I mean bread.  Steamed Green Lip Mussels:  Again, delicious.  I've only had them once, because I make mussels at home a lot cheaper, but they were really good.  The "sauce" (for lack of a better term) was light, fragrant, and garlicky.  Just how I like it.  Cesar salad:  I licked the plate.  I am a picky cesar eater, and this one did not disappoint.Side salad with grilled shrimp: light and delicious.  Clam chowder:  I've only ever tried their New England.  I'd like to try the Manhattan (red) sometime, but the New England is wonderful.  Signature pan roast:  a half portion, with the lobster, crab and shrimp with rice is MORE than enough.  This dish is delicate, and wonderful.  Its my favorite.  Its very rich though.Mediterranian Salmon:  My favorite when I was dieting.  Salmon is so good for you, and this was cooked to perfection, and served with delicious seasonal veggies.  Grilled Mahi Mahi: Not quite as good as the salmon, but still very flavorful, and the pineapple "salsa" or "relish" is delicious. All in all, I love Tides, and I eat there as often as I can.  I've never tried their AYCE crab, because again...I make it at home a lot cheaper.  But there food is always wonderful, and the staff is great.
4	Visited Tides for the fist time in a while last night.I have to dock a star.First: service.For the first time in the 10+ times I've been to Tides, service was not so stellar. We sat at our table for almost 15 minutes before our server came over to take our orders. Unlike the New England clam chowder, the Manhattan clam chowder was "meh."  It tasted like grease, and the clams were tough.  Not great, but edible. Unlike the fried oysters.I like oysters raw.  I've enjoyed oysters rockefeller. These arrived at the table badly breaded and SWIMMING in oil.  It looked like they were taken directly from the deep fryer, and hadn't had time to drip off the excess oil.  My friend took one half bite and sent them back.My dinner was good.  I had the blackened catfish this time, which I'd never tried.  It was cooked to perfection, and beautifully seasoned.  The mashed potatoes were good.  Maybe a touch light on salt, but that's fine.  The broccoli was excellent.  My friend had the special trout...back to the service, in explaining the special, the server never once said trout until we asked what kind of fish it was.  It was bland, and needed a lot of salt and lemon, but the cook on the fish was good.I've learned to not stray from what I know here the blackened or grilled fish is good.  Pan roast is awesome, and the cajun and grilled shrimp are great.  I also have determined that its better to go around 7 pm, as the dinner rush is mostly over by then. I won't stop going to Tides.  I enjoy it here a lot.  But I had to dock a star for their inconsistency last night.
2	Came here craving seafood and the location was convenient.  Seating was comfortable and service was good. We ordered oysters, clam chowder, shrimp. Everything was mediocre tasting.  The wine was good. It isn't a place I would choose to come back to with all the other great seafood options around.
1	Everything was wonderful until a mysterious bug appeared in my food. To make it worse I was on a date with a beautiful woman who I was trying to impress and obviously I didn't because of this nasty bug. When I told the waitress that I have a bug in my food she said maybe it's pepper. I even have the photo of it. I'm am very insulted and disappointed with the service and the way this matter was handled. I won't be coming back here and I will be informing the general manager here at Green Valley Ranch Casino.
5	I love Tides. Everything I've ever ordered here has been satisfying and delicious. The clam chowder is creamy and delicious. The oysters are fresh. The peel-and-eat shrimp is well spiced. My usual go-to dish is the shrimp pan roast. I get it mild and it has a rich tomato flavor. The shrimp is always tender and cooked perfectly. The rice is perfect and fluffy. Recently I've started getting the house pan roast which is the same dish with shrimp, lobster, and crab. The shrimp is well cooked as always, the chunks of lobster are perfect, and the crab adds a lovely texture. I wholeheartedly recommend Tides.
4	Nice selection of fish, pasta, salads.Friendly and attentive employees/servers.
4	Been here twice on two different occassionsFirst time, was with a friend. We tried the AYCE Crab Leg Dinner that includes warm bread, a cup of soup or salad, corn-on-the-cob, potatoes, signature dessert, and of course, the all-you-can-eat snow crab legs. We haven't had any friends who tried this before so we didn't know how it was like. We each had ordered a New England Clam Chowder but were kind of hesitant to eat too much of it so we don't fill up and be full before the main attraction arrives. The snow crab legs are served in clusters. More on the first order, less on the orders afterwards (for obvious reasons... XD). It's nice that they serve it this way so you'll haev a hot or at least fairly warm crab at the "end" instead of a bunch of cold crab from taking too long to eat it. The crab was nice and hot. Fresh too. Meat was fairly easy to retrieve and flaky. My friend had given up after 2 orders, but i went for a 3rd. It was nice on the 2nd order, that the waiter brought it out near the end of our first. XD my friend was scared he was going to do that for the 3rd but luckily he asked. Service was pretty good overall.------------------------------------------Second time was with a friend and her family, that came to visit from Hong Kong. The friend used to live in Vegas so knew some of these spots, as well as recommended by her sister (who still lives here). She had two kids which they were going to share food with. She ordered a Fresh Oysters on the Half Shell appetizer to share (because she really loved fresh oysters, but her husband, and obviously kids dont like it). The oysters were really fresh. nice and sweet. clean as well (one of things that worry me when i eat fresh oysters). The cocktail sauce had a side of horseradish which gave it a nice (painful) kick xD By recommendation, i had ordered the Bouillabaisse which consisted of shrimp, crab, mussels, clam, and fresh fish in a light tomato-saffron broth with leeks, fennel, and herbs. VERY fragrant broth from the saffron and herbs. The seafood was cooked nicely and not overcooked. Comes with a side of rice (which ended up going to the kids, because the son liked rice more than pasta). One downside to this experience, was the difficulty in finding out waiter to ask for more rice. Took quite a long time to find them, as well as bring it out. Food was great. Service was lacking. Overall, because of the food, good experience so far. Good place to try if you in this area.
5	You must try the pan roast!
3	Nothing like the Oyster Bar in Sunset Station.  Food Mediocre and service below standards.  I don't enjoy eating my meal and seeing my server sitting at the bar chit chatting with other servers.
1	They no longer offer the AYCE crab. They changed it to 1.5 lbs with no app or dessert and raised the price from $30.00 to $32.00. Hows that work? Will not return.
1	Unfortunately our most recent visit was not our 1st & even though I used to really like this place, it will most likely be our last visit. It was a disaster from the time we sat down & not only that, but long & extremely uncomfortable as well. This will be a doozie so grab a drink & get comfy! When we 1st walked in, there were a few tables open near the front of the restaurant but for some reason we were seated at the very last table closest to the entrance to the kitchen. I thought about asking for a different table but didn't. It did end up being a great view of the show we witnessed later on though, so I guess that was a good thing?The waitress came & took our drink orders pretty quickly & at the same time we also ordered a dozen oysters, but here is where it got weird. She brought my water & my sons lemonade & said something about how she had to go "behind the wall" to get it so he should drink it slow. But those were the only drinks she brought, she didn't bring my husbands or my other sons Pepsi even though she had 2 on her tray. She dropped those at the table next to us & disappeared for about 5 minutes. When she finally came back with their drinks, we were ready to order our food, but she disappeared again. This time for closer to 15 minutes. I think I saw her once or twice but she avoided looking our way so it wasn't possible to wave her down. I finally got the managers attention & said we had already been there for close to 20 minutes & hadn't ordered yet & could she please let our waitress know that we wanted to order. She said she would go let her know. And now more weirdness!! Right in front of us, since we had that great view right by the kitchen, she goes up to our waitress, I'm assuming to let her know we wanted to order & the waitress starts giving the manager some major attitude, complete with hand gestures & THEN starts throwing shade in our direction!!! She then storms off & the manager comes over & says that she's going to take our order. I think at that point even though I was feeling pretty uncomfortable by what had just happened, I was also shocked enough to not say anything. Yet. We placed our order, 2 bowls of clam chowder for our kids & the pan roast for hubby & I to split. A few minutes later & the waitress has made a few more passes by our table, shaking her head & throwing more shade as she walks by & then I notice them arguing, talking heatedly, whatever you want to call it, AGAIN over by the steaming pots. Now I tell my hubby that I am beyond uncomfortable & really just want to leave which he agrees with. The manager stops by to say the oysters should be right out & I tell her that we really just want to leave & not to worry about it, that we'll just pay for our drinks & asked for the bill. She pressed as to why & I told her exactly why. The arguing, the dirty looks, etc. She then insisted they weren't arguing (eye roll, we had a front row seat lady!) & said the oysters are almost out so please stay & I'll take them off your bill. We really should have just left but then my kids said they wanted to stay & I started feeling like the ass for even saying anything, so we stayed. To end that whole hour+ debacle, there was a hair in my older sons clam chowder, the pan roast was lukewarm at best & didn't taste all the way cooked or something, like they had rushed it. AND the oysters were still on the check. Like I said, we should have just left.
4	Great food, but the place is freezing cold, and no one seems to be able to change the temperature.  Nice waitresses and waiters too!Presentation can be improved particularly on salads.........stop taking a small piece of salmon and cutting it in thirds!!!Clean the window ledges when you clean the tables.  Don't just toss debris on the ledges!
1	Terrible service charge for eating in the poker room, and if you complain about the food (which I did because the calamari was way over cooked) they act like so what! It was a free meal for me and I wouldn't return. I would rather have Capriotti's than this place even if I had to pay over this place being free.
3	Alas GVR/Tides has decided to do away with the best deal in town. No more all you can eat snow crab. Very Disappointing! We loved the all you can eat snow crab and now you only get 1 1/2 lbs of snow crab, no salad and no dessert for the same price. Less for more! I had to adjust my rating from 4 to 3 stars because while to food still tastes good, we're just super bummed at the decision to get rid of our favorite snow crab meal in LV. I guess the casino wasn't making enough profit. Oh well now we have an excuse to venture out an look for a new favorite crab spot.
4	Still a good place to grab a seat at the bar and order a meal.They've recently updated their menu but still have my favorite Etouffee, so all is good.  This time around I tried their grilled tacos in lettuce cups with a side of rice.  It was light and exactly what I wanted... not heavy but filling and healthy too.
2	I gave this place a third try thinking it could get better since it serves similar food like Sunset's Oyster Bar. Note to self....NO WAY! First, the service was horrible. We never got out waters, bread, utensil until 20minutes of sitting. When we did get our waters, the waitress didn't seem to have a good day. At the end, she somewhat warmed up to us?The food is nothing like the other Station casinos. Just pricier and less taste. The oysters were so small unlike Sunset (sorry, gotta compare). I will not go back to Tides. No! No! However, my fave is Sunset Oyster Bar
3	Awesome food.  Bad service, margaritas, and my fork is crooked....I'd come back if I was in a patient mood because of the food.
5	Now serving sushi. Already one of my favorite stops in particular their signature house roast dish. Always very tasty.
5	WHAT?  HOW IS THIS NOT A 5 STAR ACROSS THE BOARD??  We love this place every single time we go there!  With the all you can eat hot salty steamed crab legs...you can not lose!  It si delicious and after 6 pounds of crab legs - it is over the top satisfying.  I have the best dining experiences here and always look forward to going back again and again and again.  The sides are also delicious and they have a nice bar to sit at.  It is also visually very nice and full of light - like the ocean.
4	We enjoyed the Pan Roast and the Gumbo. Both were enjoyable a reasonably priced for the offering.  The service was timely and attentive.
2	Tides, Tides, Tides. I used to come here once a week, and I enjoyed myself a lot.Now...service is just bad.The food is still ok.  I went in on Friday night with my fella, and we had a salad, two soups, and the cajun peel and eat shrimp.We sat for 10 minutes before our server came over to get us water and take our orders.  Not a huge deal.  They were pretty busy.  After he took our orders though, he disappeared. For over twenty minutes.Really?No bread. No soup...All of our food came out at once, 20-25 minutes after we ordered. Am I the only crazy one who thinks that he could have brought our soup, or even the bread basket first while the shrimp was being cooked?  Not to mention the fact that he mumbled,  and was completely awkward when serving.  Oh, and it took 15 minutes to get the check too.Now, I realize that meals can take a while, but we had hoped to hit a movie, and weren't able to go to the one we wanted, because it took SO long to get started on our food. I'm really sad to say that I probably won't be back to Tides. I used to love it here, I'd eat here once a week...but with service that bad, and food just being so-so for the price...I'd rather find somewhere else to go.
3	Visited the restaurant with a party of six and did make reservations prior. The seafood was okay, my only complaint would be the over cooked lobster. It was over cooked and had that rubbery feel to it. Not perfect and plainly okay.
2	I usually go to The Oyster Bar at Sunset Casino, but tried it here. My fave is the pan roast. I was disappointed, it was too salted and didn't taste the same as the one in Sunset. I asked for crab and lobster and no shrimp. After waiting more than 30 mins. for our food, I got 2 pieces of shrimp and small pieces of crab. What! I know not to come here again. I wasn't going to ask for another dish and wait another 30 mins or more.  On the good side, we were seated right away, that's about it.
