2	I checked the google reviews and decided to try this place after a movie at the Bank of Scotia theater.  It's just half block away.  Whoever says Le Vieux Dublin Club is super noisy, should have checked this place first.  Very noisy with very bad music with very bad speakers, that's make it worse than anything.  How much bad music?  Iri-shy kind music first, shakeshakeshake second, bagpipe third and Thriller the last after the 4 combination-, we left.  We tried Guinness - It was perfectly poured! yummy- lukewarm wings with soggy fries and no smiling grumpy server.  2 star for the location and Guinness...
4	Being a tourist from the US it was nice to find a place in Montreal that felt a little like home. Typical Irish bar but with cheap beer towers, pool tables, good "pick your own" music and above average bar food. Good for the group of travelers that are more into laid back lounge atmosphere. And they have Guinness!
5	This was may first stop after arriving in Montreal and it was a great indicator of what a wonderful weekend lay ahead.We snagged an open table for three as we arrived and ordered one of their 3 liter beer towers. I can't remember what kind of beer we ordered, but we asked the server for a local recommendation and it was really good. I love the concept.The clientele was a mix of college-age kids and folks a little bit older like us. The main difference here between a Canadian bar and a US bar is that everyone here was having a great time. No pushing, no shoving, no angry interactions, just everyone enjoying themselves. There really is something to be said about the drinking age being 18.What makes this a five star review was our server. She was both friendly and super efficient. As my friend and I drank beer from the tower, girly (who doesn't drink beer) drank bacardi & diet. As soon as her drink was almost done, the server would be at our table asking if we wanted more. This was no mean feat as the place was packed and she was busy!**I have her name on the receipt, but I don't have it with me. I will update this review with it as she deserves the recognition.As for the other review mentioning the music choice, dude, it's a jukebox! If you don't like the music, use the power of the dollar and make your voice heard!UPDATE: Server's name was Jacqueline! Thanks for the great service!
5	Hit this place up after working all day in Boston and then driving the 5 hours to Montreal. It was a lot of fun. We arrived and while the bar was crowded, we got a table right away. We ordered the beer tower that was a perfect way to start off the night. They had a great juke box and the crowd was really diverse and having fun. I threatened my group to drop a $20 in and put Justin Beiber on again and again. Needless to say, that did not go over to well with the table. Our server Jackieline was friendly and efficient. As soon as the drinks started running low, she was on top of it. We were certainly not her only table, so she managed it well. The part that I liked best about this place was that it stayed open until 3am. We did not get to Montreal until about 1130p. Headed out around 1215a, so it was nice to have a place that was still going strong until 3a. We had a great time here! Stop by if you are there.
3	This place was pretty cool, although a bit cramped. You will wind up brushing up against someone else trying to get through to the other side of the pub. The bartenders are nice and very attentive. They also have lots of tables and chairs, hence the lack of space. However, it is a cool place to come with friends, grab a tube of beer, and play some fuseball.
4	Great atmosphere, Chicken Tikka (plate or burger) is hands down the best bet on the menu.  Beer towers (giraffe) available, but new electronic self tap tables upstairs are amazing!  Self pour Keith's ($4.50/pint) and Bud Light ($3/pint) at 3 tables, put your card at the bard and pour away!
4	Dropped in at McLean's pub on new year's eve to grab a bite before getting ready to go out for the night. I can't comment on the menu as they had a special menu on NYE. We all had poutine and beer and it was fantastic. Even though they didn't use the right kind of cheese, it was stringy when melted but not the the type of "squeaky" cheese you're supposed to use in a real poutine, the sauce and the fries made up for it. It hit the spot just like I wanted.They have a lot of beers on tap, including my favourite, Kilkenny and you can order beer towers (a.k.a. giraffe). The coolest part is probably the new electronic self tap tables upstairs. They only have 3 I believe but it's a cool concept that I haven't seen elsewhere.Definitely stop by if you're in the Peel & Ste-Cat area.
4	I was in Montreal for work and I was introduced to McLean's by a friend. It was worth every dollar spent. Good food, great service and good atmosphere. I look forward to stopping by on my next trip.
5	My friends and I came here for dinner.  We were looking for an Irish pub, and ended up here.  As we walked in we saw a group of guys in suits drinking from a gigantic tube of beer. The thing was easily ten feet tall, and apparently held 22 liters of beer. The guys in suits had about a foot of beer left in the tube, and they were all signing to the classic rock that was playing.     We sat by their great big open window, enjoyed the breeze that would pass through, and watched the people walking along the sidewalk, as well as the cars that infrequently drove past.       The cute waitress came over and asked what we would like to drink, I went with my usual cheap American beer. Bud Light.  My friends ordered significantly more fancy beers.  After perusing the menu a bit, I was intrigued by cream cheese on a burger, so I ordered the McLean Burger.  I also ordered a plate of poutine for the table. My friends then ordered significantly healthier items. (Screw healthy, I'm on vacation damnit.)      Cute waitress took our orders and delivered them to the kitchen, and before too long our food was out.   Beers came out, then the first food out was the poutine.  Cheese curds and gravy was smoothed over french fries. Decadently unhealthy.  We all attacked the plate, and shortly after our first few fork-fulls of french fry, cheese curd and gravy, our meals arrived. Not sure if a fork is the correct method to eat poutine, but...we're stupid tourists.     The burger with cream cheese was great! I secretly wondered where they got sliced cream cheese to put on the burger, as it was less of a smear of the stuff, but more a cleanly cut slice. Canada, what will you surprise me with next?  I ate the fries and burger on my plate, and then attempted further damage to the plate of poutine (and probably also to my arteries.)    The dinner was great.  The total bill was $110(ish) The drunk guys in suits continued to (poorly) belt out the classics, and the ambiance of the place was just great.  Whenever I'm next in this crazy burg I'll definitely come back here.
3	Came here to meet a very old friend. Their beer was on special and tasted alright.I had the 007 burger, and it was really delicious. The service was great, and the food was alright. We came in an afternoon so the place was not very crowded and was very clean. A typical Irish bar one can enjoy in a Friday night.
4	This is my kind of place - a good old fashioned pub. Lot's of TV's for sports. Great atmosphere for a Habs game (even if your not a Habs fan). Broad mix of people including students, suits, retirees - both male and female. People are friendly, you will likely make some new friends. No worries if your out of town, the staff speak English and many of the patrons here do as well. I would say the food is above average for a beer pub - fries, burgers, sandwiches etc... I started going here as a student so it brings back many fond memories from15-20 years ago. They did some renovations but the place feels the same. It's located in the heart of downtown Montreal. If you in town, this is a great place to hang out and have some fun.
4	McLean's is usually packed, always fun and the staff here is awesome. Came here to meet some friends for a bevvie or 4 and got to know the bar flies. This is how bars are supposed to be: loud, dark and reeks of booze; thumbs enthusiastically up!
1	I've never posted a review on these kinds of sites before, but after last night's service I kind of felt compelled. Decided to grab a quick pint with a group of four, and McLean's was closest and the least busy in the area.I should preface this by saying that I'm partial to older/dirtier/cheaper bars, so the atmosphere, grimy tables, and televisions that were set to a volume that made the chair next to me bleed didn't bother me in the slightest. I had been there once before; I knew what I was getting in to.My issue was being made to wait for half an hour for less than an ounce of whiskey. I would have gladly gone up to the bar and ordered it myself if it weren't for the fact that the waitress promptly disappeared after taking our order (she could sometimes be seen behind the bar or chatting with regulars before once again slipping into the back).When our drinks finally came, they were watered down and lukewarm. Even with the ice melted into my drink, it was barely two sips until the glass was empty. Then came the bill: A whopping $9.50 for a child sized whiskey, despite the fact the menu stated that premium liquor was $6.04. Before I could ask the waitress about it, she curtly said 'thanks guys' and disappeared again.   Tl;dr: Terrible service, watered-down drinks, and exorbitant prices= A bad time.
1	I was also in the group of four from the below review. The service was beyond absurd. Ordering four drinks in a pub that is moderately busy shouldn't take over half an hour. Our 'waitress' took 15 minutes of that to even come and greet the table. After ordering we sat and watched new customers come in and sit at the bar, promptly receiving service and drinks. All the while, our waitress would stand at the bar and drink her own drink, watch the football game or just completely disappear into the back. At first, I thought she was waiting on the bar, but the bartender wasn't busy, as he spent most of his time standing and talking. Finally our drinks came. The whiskey was an issue, plus the cider was flat and tasted horrible. Alas, the waitress was nowhere to be seen for over 10 minutes and by the time she re-appeared, we were ready for our bill and wanted to leave.The staff here seems to be lacking training and some sort of management. I can't believe a table of four, who would have stayed for more drinks, can't get more than one round in 45 minutes. The entire staff seemed more interested in socializing with each other and watching tv than any kind of service.If I'm going to spend 8.50 on a beer, I'll be going somewhere that I can at least get more than one, and won't taste like the keg isn't cold and a couple months past it's expiry.
4	I just love McLeans! I started going with a friend for a good burger at lunch about 3-4 yrs ago. You got a seat at the bar, burger in almost minutes and after a few visits - Tim had the Crown Royal ready to pour when I walked in the door. McLeans to me, must be what Cheers felt like for Norm. There's always a game on their multiple tv's, huge towers of beer, staff that get to know you and what you drink and surprisingly amazing samosas! Ya there's that the one guy at the bar with the repetitive stories no one cares to hear, but Cheers wouldn't have been the same without Cliff ;)Not too long ago the legend of Hurley's (otherwise known as Kenny's bar to most) joined McLeans and most of us have changed our weekend watering hold to McLeans as well. In your first 5mins of being served by Kenny at McLeans - you'll know why.What can I say? The selection of whiskey, great company and even former staff constantly frequenting- McLeans found the niche of not only being a great place for tourists, but the locals as well.
4	Oh McLeans is the place, where the Jameson we chase with a pint of cold Guiness BeerWhere Kenny Mac is the the star, standing behind the barhe's the best booze slinger by farOh and on Sunday at noon,I'll be there to lick last night's wounds,With a Bacon Cesear in hand (once you've had one you'll understand)McLeans Pub will have you doing a headstand....or an Irish jig, or the moonwalk, maybe a riverdance.Either way, you should go.  The staff is great and uber friendly and the food is tasty.  But above all go for the laughs...and the beer of course don't forget the beer.  Does Whiskey count as Beer?Fuggedaboutit'
4	Go here! I used to frequent Montreal and never had a bad time at McLeans. Right off St. Catherine but not filled with Canadian college kids or Boston frat guys. Its normally a bunch of locals trying to catch a hockey game...or 10 of them from 5 different leagues at 1 time. Food is good and drinks are priced fair. Craig used to be the bartender and he was the man. DRINK ALEXANDER KEITHS and an Upper Cut. I seriously have a place in my heart for McLeans.
1	Well, I have to redo my review since it was flagged offensive to our waitress (It proves how bad was my experience) who served herself for the tip and got away. I think the least we can say is that it is shady and dishonest. I would add that it is insulting the customers.Still stand, far not impressed by this pub in Montreal. Food is not good even for a pub and I do not need to comment further about the poor service which was very slow and unpleasant.I suggest the to go to Cafe Republic or walk 4 blocks West to Old Yer Orchard.
4	Great place to go with a group of friends! Seems to be much more spacious than the average bar in the Montreal!
5	I've already posted a similar review over on Urbanspoon (not sure if I'm allowed to say that) but I'll do so since I've just joined Yelp. As a non-native Montrealer (but former frequent visitor), I don't think you can do much better than McLean's if you want a great sports bar with a super location, helpful staff, a nice beer selection and awesome pub food. I hadn't been to Montreal for several years and feeling nostalgic I decided to make McLean's my first stop. My more refined girlfriend probably would rather have gone someplace else but thankfully this place is much more than great memories. She's someone with a far more discerning palate than my own and even she was impressed. She called her potato skins the best she's ever tasted (I agreed, not far off) and my pesto pizza was absolutely incredible.We went in after a long train ride just wanting some decent grub and a cold beer at a familiar spot and were really impressed. Maybe I was partying a little too hard when I visited Montreal semi-regularly in my younger days because I don't remember it being as good as it was.Do yourself a favour next time you're in the city and make this your first stop after you check in at your hotel. You won't be disappointed. As a final aside, I noticed that Stuart, the manager of McLean's, commented on my review on the other site and does the same for reviews here, whether they're positive or  negative. If it's a good review (as I believe they all should be!) he thanks customers for their kind words. If the experience wasn't so great, he tries to fix it. If that doesn't deserve an extra star, I don't know what does.
3	Had an alright time. Loud/rowdy dudes. Nice servers. Made picklebacks.
1	Just don't waste your time. Their staff is rude and condescending and we've been lectured on a number of occasions; once for changing seats with a smaller group that was happy to give us their larger table and once for tipping slightly under the expected amount to a waitress we only talked to once. It's really not worth having your night ruined for a sub-par pub experience. It also smells pretty bad in there.
4	McLean's is one of these pubs you need to come back over and over again. I fell in love with this place some years ago when I received my pint of Guinnes with a little shamrock in the beer head. The bar tender who used to produce the magic shamrocks is long gone, but the staff is still nice and they won't kick you out if you haven't finished your pint at 4am.Besides the Guinness the pub has these huge towers you can have filled in with local beer, I have been watching jealously on the tables of the other customers. You need a consensus on the table what to drink to get one of those.The pub is very crowded on a hockey night, nothing surprising for this city, but in most of the remaining time you can enjoy the company of your friends in the cool atmosphere of the old wood walls and high ceiling.
4	I was only in Montreal for 2 nights and spent the first one working. Needless to say, for my last night in Montreal, I wanted to get out there, have a beer and meet some locals so i looked on my trusty yelp app and out of all the bars that came up, McLean's sounded like the one I would like the most. From the moment I sat down until the moment I left, I had good beer and good conversation. The reviews mentioning Kenny are all true- awesome bartender who even took a minute after his shift to sit down with his baby (oops....I mean LADY) pint...and showed me some cool pics from his awesome travels.  The locals just sitting around the bar made me feel welcome as well and it's nice to know that Americans and Canadians can bond over football and hockey. If you're looking for an unpretentious place to have a beer and meet some down to earth local folks, do yourself a favor and head here.
1	Well isn't that nice: went to McLeans with my dog. Asked very clearly if I could sit on the terrasse even though I had him: "yes, no problem". Beer arrives and then the owner (?) Sammy, kicks me out yet still charges me for my drink even though his staff said I could be there, &*%$. This guy clearly lacks customer service and could have handled this a lot better. Charging me for my beer and soda without even tasting it is obnoxious. As I was walked out, others on the patio were asking why we were being sent away as he was asleep on my lap, bothering no one and my drink had just arrived; no one was eating either.
1	Came in here for drinks. Extremely weak -- obviously trying to rip off tourists.  My husband had a Jameson and ginger I tried a sip because I hate Jameson and I didn't even cringe. I had a long island iced tea which was in a pretty small glass (for almost $10) and didn't even feel a darn thing. When he went up to ask for a shot or something he got into some kind of weird altercation and we left. Tourists beware
4	Stuart, the manager, met with me after my negative review to hear me out. His resolution was not only fair, but it was generous and has restored my faith in McLean's. The owner overreacted and it turns out that the dog is fine tied up to the outside of the terrasse as I had hoped all along, so I will definitely pop by here often this summer to have a pint, people watch and see my friends. Thanks for hearing customers out and for being such a rad place. Many types of cold beer and butter chicken is now on the official menu, not just as a special!
4	This bar always has a great atmosphere during the hockey season and the summer months. Foosball, good menu, decent assortment of beer, great staff...not much else you can ask for from a bar that doesn't damage the wallet. Also the ideal bar for tourists that want to stay in the downtown core.
1	It was all basic downtown dog s*** . They advertised as a place to watch soccer games but the most important game of the weekend was on and they were playing preseason American football that no one was watching. The waiter was lazy didn't bring any napkins, or utensils or salt and pepper,  then charged my friend for a drink that he didn't get. I'd say never again don't waste your time.
4	We literally lived here yesterday as it was the first bar on NYE that didn't have a line or crowd. We watched the U.S. Vs Canada game (Canada won) and had some Labatt towers and poutine. We even got 4 free tickets to Germany vs Finland game! Really cool place with great service. The food was just ok. We also rang in the new year here. You get free Jameson shot at midnight!
