3	Went there with my co-workers this past weekend after a long day working at the Chinese New Year's Festival.  We didn't get there until 8:30pm and the restaurant closes at 9:30pm.  We know the owner there and we want to try it out and see how the food taste.It wasn't very busy because it's already late at night and they close in an hour, we sat in the middle of the restaurant and Paul (one of the manager) helped us out with ordering.All of the food items from the menu looked delicious, we ordered a noodle, bean curd, and a chicken dish.  Personally I won't go back again because the prices are so high and the food portion isn't all that enough for the price we paid.  Four of us went and we paid $30 before tips.
2	Just got off the plane and wanted to get some beer and snacks at Ranch 99 market so we decided to get a quick bite to eat next door at Beijing Garden. It was 2:30 and all the other restaurants were closed. I had been there before when it as another Chinese restaurant. The decor was the same. The menu was colorful and extensive.We were the only ones in the place from beginning to end of the meal. We ordered two dishes the rice noodle soup and the house special crispy fried noodles. The Crispy Noodles had chicken, pork and shrimp and was OK 3 stars. The other rice noodle soup was terrible. A little ground pork in a bland greasy pork broth and some thin rice noodles. no stars. see pics. It comes spicy and they way it's spiced is the waiter gives you some siracha to add. The people who work there didn't know their own dishes. Sorry but, I don't think I will be coming back. Also, they turned  a nicely decorated restaurant and added some stainless steel hot food tables in the back. It makes the place look like a cheap street food stand in the back of a Hutong open air market in Beijing.
3	This restaurant food was good and will improve once they have their liquor license to sell beer...because sometimes with this hot Phoenix weather a cold beer is just the perfect drink! I ordered Singapore-style rice noodles and while the food was delicious I really would have loved the meal to arrive to me piping hot. It is wonderful food but I cannot eat it fast enough so the last pieces are still warm, that's why it has to arrive to the customer piping hot. I enjoyed a pot of tea and read a magazine. There were at least 3 other groups of people enjoying their meal.
1	Expensive and nothing delicious. Never go there again
4	My parent's wanted to try this place out, I was a little wary because of the reviews but I thought it was pretty good. We ordered the following:Garlic Chicken: very flavorful, with sliced garlicPork & Bean Curd - Also very good, slices of pressed tofu with a brown sauce, skimpy on the pork thoughScallion Pancakes - very tasty, light and fluffyPork & Cabbage Dumplings - flavorful fresh dumplingsI really liked that they had a dim-sum menu so we could try a few more things, there were also a lot of items that I haven't heard of and would like to try. The service was good too. Dinner for 3 of us was $30, I will definitely return.
3	Back for a meal...again the Singapore -style rice noodles while my friend enjoyed eggplant in garlic sauce with white rice. Both meals were hot. Since they still have no liquor license I went with Boba milk tea...an interesting change in drink.
5	Outstanding food and service. Will go back.
1	My son ordered the Sweet and Sour Chicken along with the Shrimp Fried Rice, which he enjoyed.  My husband was not impressed with the Broccoli Beef.  While I ordered the Hot and Sour Soup and the Hot and Spicy Lamb.  The Hot and Sour Soup was mediocre I've had much better and the Hot and Spicy Lamb was extremely greasy.  The quality of the meals is not what will keep up us from coming back.  It was the fact that as we were waiting for our check my son noticed a cockroach next to my husband's shoe on the floor. Which brought our attention to the reminder of the dining room floor and we saw another one.  Totally gross!!
5	Well I read some of the other reviews and we must have hit it on a great day because the food was hot, prepared to order (Hunan Shrimp was extra spicy and loaded with big ol' shrimp), and everything tasted great.  The servers were attentive and didn't have to be asked to fill drinks, bring a few extra napkins, etc.  Lots of dishes under 10 bucks and a similar amount in the 13-16 dollar range.  Portions are big enough to share.  The menu is quite extensive - I'm not into frogs, but you can get them.  The dining room was tidy and well arranged.  They were busy but we didn't feel cramped for space.  Overall nice place and tasty food.  I'll go back.
1	I came here after my graduation ceremony to celebrate with my family.  The service was horrible, for lack of a better word. We didn't leave a tip due to the service. The owner came and asked me why there was no tip and I thought it would be for constructive criticism but he started arguing with me instead. In addition, he made a racist comment. Very unprofessional. He was in denial that they offered terrible service and refused to listen to what I had to say to improve their service. I have never experience such treatment or service and I eat out daily. To top it off, the food was salty. There is a Chinese restaurant next to this one, Szechwan Palace, that offers better service and food...go there instead.
1	I gave it 0 Star. Arrived at 5pm and got seated but no menus were given. At 5:10pm asked for menus. Ordered food at 5:20pm. Got my 2 Thai Iced teas at 5:23pm, nice service is picking up! At 5:45pm asked why food hasn't arrived yet and was told that they are backed up and seeing the table behind us which ordered 10 minutes after us getting their order. Walked out at 5:55pm and still no food. Sad place for restaurant, could not even get a Shrimp Fried Rice in 35 minutes.....
1	In spite of the mixed reviews, I decided to give them a try.  Oh!  What a mistake!I went there in attempt to get some lunch, but with no success!  I cannot comment on the food since no one took my order even though I've alerted 2 different staff members that I was ready to order.  When I walked in, the lady just gave me a menu and told me to seat myself.  Then, there was no table settings or anyone asking if I wanted tea or water....a few minutes later, someone just dropped off a tumbler of iced water and walked away...then another few minutes later, another lady brought silverware and napkin...then no one came to the table to take my order.  The waitress with glasses and long hair was just too busy making sure that people paid their bills while the male waiter was too slow...all I can say is, based on the level of service...it's a 1 star at best.
2	A little conflicted here. The food was a solid four stars. The portions were ample and the taste was spot on. The "service" on the other hand is non-existent. My server was unfriendly and hurried. Not the normal all business type that you usually get in Asian restaurants, but just plain horrible at his job. Came up to the table and just stood there looking out the window...not a word to me, just stood there. You can get the same good food elsewhere with better service and cheaper prices. Don't bother here.
3	I have not had the chance to try anything other then their soup. However,  the soup hear is addicting.  At least their spicy beef nuddle soup is. I always get my soup to go and find they give you a lot of it. Sadly, the portions you get, really are over priced at it nearly $9.00 tub-to-go. That's one reason for the rating I have chosen to give it. Now the people are friendly here, the place is clean and food does not take that long. At least thw soup does not. Your on you own guessing how long it will take to get othet foods.So far I lije this place and will return.
3	We came here for a surprise birthday party.  We had about 30 people.  The place was clean.  Some of the dishes were good & some of the dishes were ok.  We have 3 different appetizers (cold noodles with beef, veggie platter, etc.); roasted duck (not bad); spicy fried pork chops (good); seafood on rice crackers (good), soup (didn't know it had noodles and goodies in the bottom of the pot), etc.  I would come back to pick things that I would like to try next time.
4	My favorite dish is flog leg casserole. I love it so much. I went there many time due to missing this dishes. Some people afraid of flog legs. They think it is very terrible. I didn't like flog before I ate this, after I tried that, I cannot stop love with it.  Actually, flog leg is like chicken leg, but it is more fresh and tender than chicken. Beside of flog legs, it has some vegetables in it, like lotus root. The cooker will have deal with on flog leg, than put legs and vegetable into casserole with some spicy sauce to fried. There will be a small cooking range with the casserole to keep the dish keep warm.
5	Outstanding, authentic, Chinese food.  Fresh ingredients. Delicious Peking Duck.  Go here. We found it by accident. Highly recommended.
1	Service is awful, even for Chinese people (I'm Chinese, so I am socially qualified to make that statement.) Food is good occasionally, but I question their hygienic standards.For example, I know that Peking duck is not supposed to taste rancid. It tasted rancid twice in my frequent visits, and I eat there mostly because my in-laws like the place. "The duck tastes off." I said."No it doesn't." said the waitress without missing a beat.Once, while dining with my toddler son, my wife asked if they had anything for him to drink along with his water. We asked for milk or orange juice, both of which they had none. "What do you give kids, then?" asked my wife. "Just give him soda." said the waitress. My father-in-law decided to have the Special of the Day. "We don't have the Special of the Day." said the waitress, her deadpan face never betraying the dripping irony of the statement. The manager came out soon thereafter. "Sorry, we don't have the special of the day today, sir. Can I get you the wonderful fresh cod that we're known for? It's steamed with traditional spices for half an hour and served on a bed of greens-- a delight to the taste, especially with a splash of light Pinot Noir."... is what he never said. Instead, the cap-and-jeans dude looked irritated and said, "Get number 44. We don't have special. Get 44.""What's 44?" "It's good." And he walked away.
4	I've frequent this establishment a couple of times for takeout. Each time I got the hot and sour soup. I decided to dine in tonight because I wasn't feeling well. The restaurant was half full, yet quiet. My hearty shrimp in lobster sauce was delicious and filling. I didn't realize just how hungry I was until I saw the bottom of the dish! The staff was very pleasant, but they speak Chinese. I found it difficult to understand them at times. They sent their best English-speaking guy to my table and I was able to order a dish that wasn't on the menu (yay!).
2	Had a lunch special today as a takeout.  I couldn't believe the prices of the lunch specials starting at 5.95 for:  choice of dish, choice of rice, egg roll and soup.  There were also specials in the 6.95 and 7.95 pricing depending on what you wanted to eat.  For the 5.95 that I selected, I had  shredded pork with dried tofu. The died tofu intrigued me as I had never had it before.  I asked that it be made spicy.  My choice of rice was brown rice which is usually up charged in chinese restaurants.  Not here.  I also got the egg drop soup and an egg roll with the order.  Despite great value on this meal and the generosity of the portion, I would not have called the dish tasty.  Usually pork dishes taste really good.  There was some spiciness as requested but it was made spicy by using hot szechuan oil which made the dish quite a bit greasy.  The egg roll and egg drop soup were fine, but nothing to write home about.  I hope that restaurants in the Chinese Cultural Center up their game.  They should be serving some of the best Chinese food in Phoenix.
4	Great food! FYI... state the dish name and do not use the number affiliated with each entree. The waitress did mess up one of the meals as we ordered based on the number, other then that I had a great time and left satisfied.
3	Food is good but not great Service was fast And friendly got the orange chicken lunch combo not sure that I'll be back I guess I'm just used to Panda Express which is no way similar to their orange chicken
4	Food here is very tasty and the wait time was minimal. We had 5 people, all ordered different dishes, and ate it family style. Each dish was delicious and couldn't be more satisfied. The chow mein and sweet and sour chicken was amazing and I would definitely recommend. The service was mediocre, they weren't good but they weren't horrible either. All in all I will definitely be back
4	My daughter and I ate here and thought the food was good. We ordered spring rolls,  eggplant in garlic sauce and the sweet & pungent potatoes. It was a little difficult communicating because of the language barrier though.
5	I've been to China. This reminds me of the real thing. Authentic, good prices, and so delicious. Never ordered something bad here.
5	My new favorite Chinese restaurant in the east Phoenix metro area. Enjoyed all three dishes we had - not exactly sure of the names because my guests (who, unlike me, had been there before) ordered in Chinese, but I think we had Triple Delight, General Tso's Chicken, and one other dish. Very reasonably priced, and good service. I prefer Beijing Garden over Szechwan Palace (in the same complex), though I have had many good meals at SP in the past.
2	I was very excited to find Peking Duck highlighted on the front of this restaurant as I walked by.   A few days later I called ahead to ensure they had time to prepare properly.  With great anticipation I arrived to discover very poor approximation of the real thing.    The skin was not separated from a large layer of fat (yuk!), meat was overcooked, pancakes were thick and incorrect.    Maybe some of the other dishes are good (I didn't try any), but the Peking Duck ... bu hao chi!
