4	Located in the Von's shopping Center(Sahara Pavilion) its pretty much the department store mecca of the neighborhood. Brand Names clothes at discount prices just like the advertise plus lots of odd stuff like sporting goods and toys and what not outrageously low priced. I pop in every few weeks just to see what new stuff they have.
4	I also go to this location for bargains on designer labels, though the selection is smaller and the handbag clearance section is a tad bit unorganized. (I do agree with one reviewer that the one on Maryland Parkway has better selection.) This is worth checking out when you are in the area. This one seems to have less customers, but I hope that this one doesn't close, like all the other nearby businesses in the same strip mall shopping center.The handbag section is located right when you walk through the doors. I've spotted Dooney & Bourke, Coach, & Juicy Couture. The markdowns on the bags are a little much to sort through- just kinda dumped in one section (hanging- kinda more for tall people to easily grab) but there are way too many to go through- sometimes I just don't want to dig. It's almost the catch-all for all the marked down purses and not much effort was really put into it- like they ran out of space, and hoped it would work (but it doesn't). The children's clothing seems to be much better here compared to the Maryland location. Lots of children in my family to shop for- huge family. The salespeople on the floor seem to be harried and overwhelmed, unless you're at the checkout.
3	TJ Maxx has some great bags.. and some really nice bathroom stuff. ya know.. Soaps, lotions and bubble baths..This location is pretty nice and neat on the inside. I will visit again!
3	This is a very typical TJ Maxx. The inventory is pretty well-maintained, although I wish the store was a little larger. It's definitely on the small side. Shoes and purses are my products of choice at this particular store. Pretty good in both of those areas.
4	My wife and I do a lot of shopping whenever we have weekends off together. We always start at the discount places and work our way up the chain. Marshall's, Ross and TJ Maxx are always high on our list of must-stop stores and TJ Maxx is at the top of the list. All of the previously mentioned stores have good deals on a variety of items, but TJ's always seems to have the higher quality stuff. My wife is usually looking for cosmetics, perfumes and shoes while I tend to hit the home decor and kitchen stuff and we always find a bounty in all of these categories. This particular TJ Maxx is kinf of a hidden gem. Because it's tucked away in a corner of a center that doesn't get much play their inventory is generally pretty strong and not very picked over. The location itself is far cleaner and better kept than other discount stores and there are always plenty of checkstands open so you can get in and out quickly. If you're out on one of those Saturday afternoon shopping extravganzas TJ Maxx on Sahara and Decatur is a great place to stop.
2	Not a large selction of any thingand over priced
2	Probably my least favorite out of all the home decor selection due to the limited variety and the more pricey price tags. It was a disappointment beyond the few shower curtains that I was able to purchase. A few minutes in the store and I was ready to leave. It lacks in area rugs and other decorative pieces. The essentials are all there.
5	Seems like a great crew.  First day so we must give them the benefit of the doubt. Nice selection. The men's department was not ready for shoppers, but the ladies was stocked & we even found some nice Port Merion casserole dishes for or set at great prices!  Overall it is a very nice addition to our neighborhood. We enjoyed our visit!
