4	Probably one of the better and cleaner village inns I have been to.  Every time I have gone for breakfast it has been great.  There really is no complaints...its a normal fill you up American breakfast!  Oh, and its cheap - always a plus!
3	Village inn has done some cute remodels and I like the TVs! I feel like Travis and I have been prone to late night snacks more often lately and Village Inn always delivers.Not gourmet but definitely A-OK!
4	Economy must be picking up!  Got here at 9:30am and there was already a 20 mn wait.  We love this VI.  Have been going to it for about 4 years now.  Some of the same servers are still there.  That should tell you something about the place. Also the same GM, too. Thus place is Run very well.  Service and food are both really great.
4	I wish they served fried chicken but I was told its southern thing. The wait staff is always nice here. I really come here for the pie which they push but don't have to. Anne the waitress is always polite and charming. Also this place won't bust your pocketbook.
5	Great service!  The food is good.  But the real reason I continue to go here very frequently is the awesome service.
5	I do love Village Inn!!!We go to village inn on a regular basis because it is one of the few breakfast places around. I was always a fan of Ihop because of the pancakes but Village Inn is much better. You don't have to order a side of anything because most of the meals already come with it, (side of hash browns with your omelet at Ihop does not exist unless you pay for it!). They also have great pie!! I love the chocolate truffle, it is a seasonal pie so I tend to buy a whole one and freeze it but when it is there it is a must have. The staff is friendly and good at what they do. The restaurant is always clean as well as the bathrooms. I feel village Inn's are underrated these days, and I may be old in spirit so that is where my joy of village in comes in, but in the end it is great. :)
1	Went here for food on a Tuesday everything was undercooked hash brown pancakes french Toast it was not good
1	Been here twice. The first time the waitress spilled food on me and with no apology. I returned again another time just to appease my daughters. Again the waitress( a different one) was short with us and obviously in too much of a hurry to attend to our needs. But my real gripe was the glasses. They were filthy. All of them. I couldn't use them, they just put me off. The inside of the glasses had this build up of grime and dirt on them.  I won't be going to this place again.
4	The food was great and at a good price. Our server Angela was first rate and made us feel right at home. The four star is over all but our server is a five star. We will go back to this place again. We ate there this past weekend so I am catching up and writing a few reviews tonight.
3	Got seated and had not seen anyone for the next 10 mins. No waitress no host no nobody. Finally the waitress showed up and she was a bit rude (she had an accent of sorts). She placed drinks and food on our table and we just kind of sorted it out amongst our selves. Food although was great but without great customer service, none of that matters.
