3	Had the wonton soup and pork chop with egg and rice. Not bad, but nothing to rave about either. Good cost-performance at 10 dollars for what I have got.
4	Love going here for the imperial roles and bahn mi. Try skipping the endless mediocre student pubs on the strip and give this place a shot.
4	I love this place. Both the banh mi and pho are great - extremely fresh and well-seasoned, and the owner is a lovely man who truly seems to enjoy seeing people enjoy his food. There's a sweet little patio out front that's a nice quiet place to sit and drink a beer, but because it's at the end of the street, a lot of people miss this gem. Go here! Even though I'm there at least once a week, I can't keep it in business by myself.
2	Wanted something different than poutine, sandwiches and pizza. Headed here as it was close to our hotel and was vietnamese food.Walking downstairs and into the restaurant you kind of feel like you were warped into a different place. Totally not city or montreal like, except the menus have french in them.Was a bit excited to see what Vietnamese food is like in Montreal. The menu has a good mix of dishes including some that aren't very well known like Mi Quang. I wanted something homey feeling so I got the rice plate with pork and shredded pork. Pork chop was too salty. Rice wasn't the broken rice. The others in my party had same experience. Nothing very good. Meh is the correct word for this place.
4	Great place for a cheap meal that will probably cost you under 10$ - Certainly for lunch.Walking into this basement restaurant you start to wonder what are you getting yourself into. The decor is very basic - chairs are mismatched and I believe this is truly what gives the restaurant it's feel. The grilled meats here are good, served with rice and great imperial rolls.Caters to both the local students, and business crowd from the area offices.
4	3 stars, with a 4th for the lovely gent that served us.  Went to this (and several other) places based on Yelp recommendations.  Had the option of sitting outside, of which we gladly obliged.  The server was well versed in Filipino, and it surprised us a bit.  And it left me a bit ashamed.  But I digress.The spring roll was utterly amazing.  Perfectly fried to a melt in mouth consistency.  We both had the pho, which was both good and bad.  Good, in that the pho was good.  Not great, but good.  Bad, in that we both got the same thing.  A better choice would have been (based on other reviews) the banh mi and some pho.  The pho has a generous helping of meat, but perhaps needed some more fish sauce ... or something.  Was good, but I think was missing a little something.  Service was excellent.  I'd go back again.
4	The small restaurant has no looks from the outside. Although the small terras is relatively quiet for a place like Montreal.Mister/chef Lui is very friendly and he serves the plates with a touching enthousiasm. We had the house-specials. They were good!Excellent price-quality! We (famliy of 4 adults) would go here again.
3	This was our first dining experience in Montreal and our expectations were high. My wife and I were met by the owner who seemed very eager to please us. He quickly pointed out the evening's specials which included won ton soup and a Vietnamese plate of the customary fare. Now I'm no Asian culinary expert but isn't won ton soup Chinese? Just sayin'.The soup was rather enjoyable despite its shady lineage. Soon thereafter the Vietnamese plates arrived replete with sliced egg rolls, thin slices of fried chicken for me, shrimp skewers for her and the requisite vermicelli noodles with hot/sweet sauce. The shrimp were shrimpy and the chicken was greasy. The owner wanted us to know that his egg rolls had once received attention for being Montreal's best. The were indeed satisfyingly crunchy and yet lacked any distinct or unique taste. In all our meal was 80% ...forgettable.The restaurant is located in a basement with only minimal ambiance.
4	This is my first time to Montreal...so, I wanted to get fix of Pho.  So, I decided to go to this restaurant regardless of some of the bad reviews I read regarding this restaurant.  I ordered the Beef Curry Pho...it was differently made to what I'm used to eating in Dallas, Texas.  But, it was actually very good!  If I come to Montreal again, this is one of the restaurants I want to come to again just to order this bowl of Pho.  Note:  You need to tell the person that you want it SPICY!  The locals don't seem to like hot foods...at least not like us Texans!  lol!  :)Note:  The place is small, and cozy...don't expect it be a place where you need to dress up to impress.  It's a casual place.
3	As a tourist, it was pretty good. I was hoping for a more spiced broth and more tender brisket, but it hit the spot and the service was good.
3	Miss the 20/20 days... The food was better when it was on paper/foam plates and plastic knives... It feels too fancied up now. Same food but less filling and more pricey than it used to be.
5	Cheap. Tasty. Personal service. This place is freaking good. I mean, where else can you order great authentic Vietnamese food? Vietnam? Yeah...right.
3	Good pho, I prefer my broth a little stronger on the spices and the beefiness, but que sera sera.Decent prices, good service.A can't miss, like nearly every other viet restaurant i've ever been in.
