2	Warning: I'm not a buffet person, nor will I ever be. The concept of unlimited food disturbs me so read on with caution... Kind of a scary place but if you want a salad and lots of it, I guess its a good choice. I love the name 'Sweet Tomatoes' which is why I came here in the first place but there really isn't much sweet about watching a slue of morbidly obese children return to the ice cream machine 5 times for refills.
3	- Joined a near capacity crowd for a Friday lunch here.  Wow, this one is laid out exactly like the Soup Plantation in Porter Ranch (L.A.) I used to eat at weekly, right down to all the food being in the same spots!  It's already 3-Stars & I haven't even taken a bite yet!Everything was in excellent form here, & this layout is good.  It's not quite as special as the one on Ray Rd., but it at lease equals Camelback & is CERTAINLY better than the one on Southern in Tempe where everybody is bumping into each other trying to get to the food!I enjoyed the excellent salads & clam chowder, & better French bread than I got last time at Camelback.  This Sweet Tomatoes is running strong against competitors Souper Salad just across the freeway, & also Old Country Buffet straight on over on the other side of Metro Center.Of course this Sweet Tomatoes shares the quirkiness of all the restaurants in the chain (icky diet cottage cheese, diet chocolate mousse, diet non-ice cream, no meat unless you fish it out of the chicken soup or pay extra for a little dab of it, etc.), but with all that said, it's a good place to eat!Weekday lunch is $8.29, Senior $7.46, & only a little more on weekends.
5	Always fresh, always good. I especially love the themed months for changing menu items. After the salad bar I stock up on soup-- 6 delicious varieties-- and pasta. At the end of my meal there's always room for the dessert bar.I am usually able to find a newspaper coupon to offset the moderately high price of my meal, and so I wind up with an absolutely great deal. I would recommend Sweet Tomatoes to anyone looking for healthy foods, hearty soups and free dessert.
5	Very clean facilities. Tons of parking even though its nearly full at noon each day. The salad bar is always well stocked and very fresh. Wonderful soups and deserts too. Nice music, modern not elevator. Attentive staff to remove your dirty plates/bowls. Nearly always use their emailed coupons for BOGO (with drink purchase). Pricey but worth it as long as it's not too frequent.
4	Every once in a while after eating poorly, I need to have a salad the size of my head.  The prices are a little steep, but the email coupons take out a bit of the sting.  The food is fresh for the most part, the lettuce seemed to be a little wilted on our last visit though.  After my healthy eats I'm always sure to cancel it out with a warm brownie topped with frozen yogurt.
4	Love Sweet Tomatoes!  My favorite is their Won Ton Chicken Happiness salad!  Although it can be expensive it is a great alternative for fast food!
3	I haven't been to a Sweet Tomatoes location in well over 3 years. I have never been to this location before, but the service was good. The selections haven't changed that much. I was pleased to see they had strawberry muffins with strawberry butter. YUMMY! The salads are still fresh and good.I wish they had more non dairy alternatives there.
4	Love this location. Have never had any issues other than a stench one time. Easy fix, move to the other side of the restraunt.
2	I've come in here a number of times - it's a decent salad bar. They have salad options with the bar, and the soups are the best part. The freshly cooked pasta leave something to be desired.   I used to really like it, but I find it harder to keep coming back. The service gets poorer all the time. They used to come around with fresh cookies periodically, but that has completely stopped - they will sell you some. The cashiers and managers are the biggest challenge. I get coupons by email, and every time I go in they refuse to honor them - they add some requirement that doesn't exist on the coupon. Both times I involved a manager, they were smug and blew me off.   With no discounts, the price is pretty high. At $10 for a salad bar, I really would expect something more.
5	I LOVE SWEET TOMATOES...nom nom nom nom NOM! Oh they have a theme that they change monthly and my month of weakness is when they have their tomato soup and grilled cheese bready goodness. I would be embarrased to say that during that month I ate here as much as possible, but I'm going to blame it on the prego hormones. I would drag anyone and everyone here just to stuff my face with its goodness! That month is over, I still go once or twice a month. My stomach can't hold as much food as it used to since the space is currently occupied. My family and friends got sick of it, too, so its harder for me to find people to go with me haha.
5	This is my favorite sweet tomatoes restaurant.  I am a huge fan of the sugar free mouse!  Love salads and the staff is awesome.  If you have any issues the manager will help you pronto.  Clean and fresh.  Rock On sweet!
4	Me and the beau were in the mood for a salad bar this weekend so we stopped at this place. I was very surprised how fresh and clean everything wash. The service from our bus person was very good. The casahier was very friendly and explained the process to us. She even gave us a couple of coupons for our next visit. In addition to having a wide variety of salad "fixins", they had a large selection of soup, pasta dishes and desert. We had more than our fill and we will definitely go back!
3	Surprised that this place was rather nice inside given the seedy location by Metro.  Parking was decent.  Staff were friendly.  Food options were as good or better than other S.T. locations I've visited in recent months.  Heck, I might have to go back.
4	It's a good one - big, lots of parking and seating, and TONS of selection!  Went here a couple of weeks ago while visiting Phoenix!All Sweet Tomatoes (aka "Souplantation") are good in my book, always consistent and fresh.  You know what you're going to get -- SALAD, SOUP, PASTA, and MUFFINS - done.  It's not good for a diet, you know that.  Too much temptation.  Hint: If you are on a diet, DO NOT GO TO ANY BUFFETS.   Pssst...here is a secret: If you have one plate, you will not gain wait and instead, pounds will shed.They keep everything well monitored and maintained so it's always fresh.  I'm a fan of a good all-you-can-eat salad bar that's kept fresh!  One extra item just to throw a couple of more hundred calories at ya -- non-fat Dreyers Ice cream.  Both the vanilla, and the chocolate, are AWESOME!
3	= = = = =  DAILY LUNCH & DINNER BUFFET!  = = = = =  It's been two years since I reviewed this Sweet Tomatoes, so I got Scott W. to join me to give it a go for lunch today. & see how they are these days:Let's do the good first:  These Sweet Tomatoes (aka:  Soup Plantation) restaurants are properly managed, which means that the food is fresh, kept properly stocked, everything is the right temperature, & the staff is friendly.  The salad is always good, with a nice array of choices, & the restaurant layouts range from beautiful (Ahwatukee) to weird (Tatum Bv. Phx & Power Rd Gilbert), to normal (this one & Camelback), to poor (Southern Av. Tempe), but most STs are nice places to eat as long as you take two plates for your salad so you don't have to fight crowds trying to go back through the line for seconds.The not so good:  Once you get past the salad line, the rest of the food at Sweet Tomatoes is BLAH!  Today, for example, they had blah Shepherd's Pie (soup to put over potatoes), blah Scalloped Potatoes, blah Penne Arrabbiata, blah macaroni & cheese, three kinds of blah focaccia bread, blah low-fat cottage cheese, & so on.  You get the idea.Frankly, I was annoyed to see this place fill up with lunch customers while similar Souper Salad right across the freeway is struggling to survive with much tastier hot food & a $3 lower price!  What-ever.Daily Lunch & Dinner Buffet:  $8.99/$8.09 Sr. (Rev. 11/26/13)
3	I was talking with Rand about having eaten at Souper Salad the previous week and he suggested we meet up here, right across the highway, to compare the two.  Yesterday we did so.  The foods were all fresh.  We agreed most of the hot items lacked much in the way of flavor.  I don't think I cared much for having the salad bar between the front door and the cash register.  Another thing I thought odd was a section of the salad bar that had extra cost items to add to your salad.  One question I have is why  they are very busy when Souper Salad across the way with a very similar menu and execution for less money has hardly anybody in it.
3	Great place for fresh salad and a nice variety of soups and other buffet foods.  I have eaten at this Restuarant before while in town on business.  This time around I confined myself to the salad bar.  Great selection of fresh ingredients, toppings, and salad dressings.This place has two things going for it as far as I am concerned.#1 - Fresh food#2 - CleanIf your looking for gourmet fare, look elsewhere.  But if you want a quick lunch of decent to good quality, this Sweet Tomatoes is a good pick.  Something tasty for every palate.The price is right too!
4	Probably go to this location, or the one at Arrowhead, once a month.  Very much a fan and rarely disappointed with each visit.  They usually have coupons online and they take them from your smartphone!  The only gripe I have is that their bananas at breakfast are usually still a little too green to be tasty.  Although the donut muffins make up for it!  Recommended for all meals, but lunch and dinner are usually a little better.  Screw Flanders.
3	Nifty enough place.  Selection is surprisingly more limited than you'd think, considering that it's a salad bar only.  I've been in chinese boofays and sizzlers that had just about the same options for salad items.Meat of any kind is few and far between, but if you're creative you'll find some.Recommendation is to go when and only if you have a coupon, otherwise it's simply not worth the horrendously over-ambitious price.
2	Their prices are getting out of control.  FOR SALAD?  Dudes, your dinner prices are getting exorbitant.  At these rates, the "premium" items like the proteins should be included with the meal.   Sorry Sweet Tomatoes, you just priced yourself out of the ballpark.  Back to SouperSald.  Just crazy lately!!!
3	Fresh salad was just what I needed on that hot day.I wasn't happy that chicken, and bleu cheese are premium ingredients, and that either was an extra $2.49 (which I didn't get), but meh.I'd go back, but not often.
5	Fresh, with great soups and breads at an excellent price. If you need to have a quick lunch, this is the place. Lots of healthy options here.
3	Went here for lunch. Very nice food and fresh selections. Way better than the other salad place. Had a huge salad and some bread. A little pricey, but the food is worth it.
3	Quick lunch option and for a great price .... $8.99 for the buffet (plus $2.49 for premium ingredients), which consists of a huge salad bar, 4-5 soups, three pasta dishes, dessert and frozen yogurt at the end.  Definitely worth the price and a great option for lunch.  Everything is always fresh and readily available
3	Well, it's a salad bar...what can you really say about a salad bar.I was kinda hoping that they would have clam chowder in the soup section that day but they didn't :(I also can't believe how much more they charge you to throw some meat on your salad! How do they sleep at night??? And they also charge another (almost) $3 to add a drink to your meal...sweet Jesus!!!The salad is good though...I mean nothing special for the price but it works...
4	Please stay this way. I live by Arrowhead and have to drive to this location now. I love Sweet Tomatoes. I always bring a coupon, and we eat for a reasonable price. I am able to get a variety of foods that my baby and I can try.Its great. It doesn't need to change to a Field Kitchen. I love the salad bar and all the premade salads. My baby loves the mac and cheese. She will cut you for it! She is that crazy about it. I am not a terrible mom, though, and only giving her mac and cheese, she gets salad and different veggies, she eats all the soups, and tons of fruits. Mac and cheese is her little bonus. Ugh the only thing is that I eat waaay too much here. I have to learn some self control. I am not trying to fill up on the delicious salads. They are so good. Anyways, check them out. Its fast, fun, and kids love it.
4	The salad was fresh and the wait was short.  They had a small leak in the roof so they had a bucket in the area of the soups.There was a guy scooping soup to help you out so that was nice.
2	Maybe it was an off day for them but the food was NOT good.  I have been to other Sweet Tomato's and enjoyed the food but last Friday this location was disappointing.  The salads were limp and obviously not fresh. The noodles were dried out on the pasta bar and I had to spit out the chocolate pudding cake.  It had a dry, pasty taste. Not sure we will ever try a Sweet Tomato again.
3	Sweet Tomatoes is always a decent place to go to for soup and salad. It gets three stars because everything is just average food, and that's ok. Sometimes explosions of exquisite flavor isn't always necessary. This place offers pretty good salad, soup, veggie, pastry, and noodlish variety. You'll feel happy to get greens in and disgusted with yourself for overloading in the sugar and fat options at the same time. One thing I dig about Sweet Tomatoes is how the menu slightly changes every so often with a different theme (this month's was berries.)What stuck out to me the most at the moment was the overly soggy sweet potato (I don't remember it being like this the last times I've eaten this here) and the overly salty French Onion Soup. The poundcake with strawberry butter/whip was delicious... and quite guilt-inducing.Tip: If you forget to print out a coupon - they accept you just showing them the coupon on your phone.
5	I've been looking for a more vegetarian/vegan restaurant...I finally found it. It was amazing! I loved the different variations of food...and not to mention the decor...felt like home!
5	I've heard several Sweet Tomatoes have changed their format to be more a la cart. I am not remotely interested in the new format. I'm giving this Sweet Tomatoes 5 stars because they're the traditional all you can eat soup, salad, potatoes, pasta, flat breads, muffins and ice cream deal. They really are an example of Sweet Tomatoes' best format!The chili, chicken noodle and ginger soups are my favorite.The muffins and flat breads are yummy.I like to put the soft serve on a chocolate muffin with caramel topping and chopped nuts but when they have the healthier, fat-free chocolate mouse, it's so delish, I will actually get that instead!The prize for the buffet is very reasonable. (Drinks are like $3 though!)
4	This place was next door to our hotel. After a few days of greasy burgers, we were hungry for some veggies. This salad/soup/pasta bar was just the ticket. We enjoyed the food, it was fresh and the serving areas were spotlessly clean. Our waitress was attentive and friendly. I'll try one of these places again.
5	Love love love this place. I take a book, and read while I munch a wonderfully fresh hand prepared salad, with all my favorites, and that Ranch dressing is to die for. Don't get me started on the soups!! I live for their cream of celery soup, Campbells should be ashamed of themselves. This has wonderful big pieces of shroom, and celery. And the French Onion (cheese is available to put at the bottom of your bowl to make a goopy mess!), and the Clam Chowder, and the rest. I usually skip dessert in favor of more soup!!
4	lovely food, healthy, good prices, I would recommended to everyone...
3	I enjoy the fresh salads and call the other options here. Its clean. But I feel like their prices are to high. Its hard to eat $10 worth of salad.
2	Food is passable when you can get it, but items shown online are frequentlyunavailable. The employees don't speak enough English to say if or when they will ever be available and do not hide their annoyance that you asked. The used plate gatherers are aggressive and won't leave diners alone. One gorda laughed rudely when we asked her to leave us alone
4	Considering how  expensive simple lunches like a sandwich or a burrito are getting, this place has great value. The staff are also always very nice. I go once a week to get my salad on, and it has always been a good experience. Personally I think the premade salads have too much dressing (isn't a salad supposed to be low cal?) so I dilute it with the raw lettuce/spinach.The soups are really good there is usually a great variety too.
3	= = = = =  DAILY LUNCH & DINNER BUFFET!  = = = = =Made it back around to this Sweet Tomatoes location today for lunch.  First off inside I was greeted by a big salad bar selection of 47 items, plus sauces & dressings.  Then, after paying friendly Cashier Dora, I landed in a very comfortable booth, and everything about the dining room was nice...  style, temperature, sound and table lighting (for reading the magazine I brought) were just right.Over at the hot food area I started with my choice of 8 soups, Albondigas, which was good but not exceptional.  Then it was on to choices from the 28 additional items.  There were baked potatoes, various bread choices, fresh fruits, 3 pastas and several desserts to choose from.I'm often not crazy about the offerings here beyond the great salad bar, but overall it's a nice place with reasonable pricing and it earned a high 3 Stars from here today.   :-)Monday through Saturday Lunch Buffet:  $9.59/$8.63 Sr.  Dinner a little more.
1	I have eaten at these places before (different city's) usually have no issues, however this place is not clean and no longer has cold cut topping (ham, turkey, etc) "due to theft" what I was told. Not impressed
4	We always love this place for it's fresh salad bar. I was not disappointed. They had seasonal soups which were so yummy. We even got free sugar cookies. What could be better? The folks cleaning the tables removed our unwanted dishes promptly even though the place was packed. Fresh salads were made before our eyes.
