4	Had breakfast here about 3 days after it opened, so I wasn't expecting much yet. The breakfast menu is simple with a good variety. I had the frittata, which was good but not extraordinary. Hashbrowns needed some seasoning. I would recommend sending management and the cooking staff on a little field trip to some of the better rated breakfast spots here in Henderson like the Cracked Egg or Pancake House and do a little research. It doesn't cost a lot to make a good breakfast better. And what Harry's needs to be is a draw for the casino, which it isn't in the current state. I have friends that drive all the way to Boulder from Lake Las Vegas to get breakfast at the Coffee Cup, which isn't anything special, but the place is always busy for some reason. Harry's needs to lower the breakfast prices a little and create a signature dish like a lot of the other breakfast establishments here in Vegas have as a draw.
1	If you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you. We waited for thirty minutes to be seated (although there were 8 vacant tables and we were the only folks waiting). Once seated, we literally waited 15 minutes to be acknowledged. Then, another 20 minutes to be served water...I am writing this review and literally still waiting. We are out of here! Do yourself a favor and don't bother with this place.
4	Since my first review when the Casino opened back up I have now become a consistent regular at Harry's and the casino bar. Harry's has a Monday night dinner special filet mignon and martini for $9.95 and I have not missed a Monday since the special started. Word has gotten out though and the wait for a table is typically an hour. So get there early.Harry's has a Thursday night promotion they call industry night and they offer $2 drafts, burger specials and have appetizers that are only available during the promotion. I have had the fried pickles and pot stickers, both are pretty good.I have become a big fan of there salads. The salmon ceasar salad, tuscano salad, and summer salad are very big and very tasty.Some other reviewers have complained because they had to wait even though there were tables available. This individual obviously doesn't know how restaurant operations work. A hostess will never seat you if there is a backlog in the kitchen and not enough servers to wait tables. Harry's was set up as a very low volume cafe and as a result the kitchen is not big enough to handle the dinner menu with the amount of seating available, so some tables may appear empty even when there is a wait. In this way Harry's is a victim of it's own popularity. If you have a problem with the wait, sit at the bar and gamble. The bartenders Josh, Gloria, Chris, Ron, or Trevor do a fantastic job of making sure you will get your food right away.
3	I had breakfast at Harry's before watching the Dragon Boat races at Lake Las Vegas this morning.  The breakfast menu is somewhat limited.  I decided to get Harry's Frittata.  On their menu, they describe it as "a hearty wedge of Italian omelet topped with chicken, mushrooms, onions, peppers and rosemary."  The description fits well.The frittata was cooked nicely and the toppings all tasted good.  It came with hash browns and choice of toast.  I also ordered coffee.Service was prompt and friendly.  Courtney was very pleasant and efficient.  I enjoyed the breakfast.It was nice coming back after so many years of being away and the casino being closed.
3	Honestly, I wish I could rate this place higher. The service was great. Linn was really nice. The sports bar tvs were really nice. The specialty cocktail was pretty nice. The food was not so nice. It was naughty and should get a lump of coal for Christmas. Warm Brie was disappointing. I thought it was going to be baked. It came out on a large dish with raspberry sauce, and all they did was warm up the brie a little bit and add six crackers to the side of the wedge of brie. I was expecting a more exciting tasting experience for $9. I could go to the market and buy cheeses myself and make a better cheese plate than brie and crackers and raspberry sauce. It was... a disappointment. Le sigh...Prosciutto wrapped chicken was salty and a bit on the dry side, possibly because they had prepped the meat in advance and the salt in the prosciutto sucked all the moisture out of the chicken and made the chicken very salty before they finally baked it. The asparagus was good. The rice tasted like an instant rice, not from regular grains. It was flavored well with the olives, but the olives were also salty, so it was too much sodium for my taste. The steak salad wasn't fully dressed. You need to finish tossing it yourself. The meat wasn't bad, although I asked for medium rare and received medium. Linn offered to change it for me, bless her soul, but I didn't want to bother the chef. The bellini tasted pretty good and was enough for 2 to share. I heard in January they have a 6 oz. filet and martini special for only $9.95 that they're going to bring back because it was so popular before the end of November. Linn said that there would be a line starting at 4:30PM all the way until 10:30PM. I might come back and try this special.The property is beautiful. The ambience is elegant and when it's warm enough, you can sit outside for a beautiful view. Overall, if it weren't for the service and the yelp voucher, I would probably not try this place again unless somebody else really wanted to try it. Food was meh... Service was the best you could get, the only saving grace. I might add to be fair, that if I were to drive this far, it should be better than many things I can get out around the metropolitan area of Las Vegas. For me, it wasn't worth the drive. Le sigh...
4	I came here with my girlfriend after the wine walk, deciding it would be nice to eat in Lake Las vegas. I had the filet mignon, sauteed in mushrooms. It was cooked just the way I ordered it and I felt fairly stuffed after the meal. The staff was friendly and I honestly have no complaints that I can think of. I don't remember what it costed...my girlfriend paid :P
5	As Fancy Ray @thefancyray would say, my my my my my!!! Went here tonight for the $10 prime rib, potatoes, asparagus and wine deal and it was incredible! Beautiful restaurant and our waitress was very nice and attentive. Harry's staff will be seeing us again for sure!
3	We went there for lunch on Easter Sunday. All the crowd was outside for the Easter festivities, so it wasn't crowded at all, which we loved, and plus it was nice to cool to be indoors.Food - Can't really complain. The grill cheese was awesome! Made with smoky bacon and sliced red apples on toasted wheat bread. Never thought of making that sandwich that way, but it was great. Spring time salad - a tad too much bleu cheese and dressing, but can't really say that ever makes a salad bad...Service - horrible. We had to wave down someone to get menus, asked to fill our son's water bottle, she looked like it was a huge inconvenience. It didn't seem like she had many table to wait on, it just seemed like she just did one task at a time. As a ex-waitress, that equates to slow service. Sorry. No pre-bussing our table. Even took forever to get our check.We enjoyed our time in Lake Las Vegas. Not so much our experience at Harry's.
4	Something I recently discovered: Your options for coffee at Lake Las Vegas at 8 am are a bit limited. My husband was participating in a race being held at Lake Las Vegas, and I had an hour to kill while I waited for him to finish. Harry's was one of the only places I could find at 8 am that was open. I really just wanted a cup of coffee... But I ended up ordering the El Americano for $9. It was too good of a deal to pass up.. I got 2 eggs, my choice of bacon or sausage, hashbrowns and toast. Plus my choice of either fruit or juice (I had fruit). PLUS unlimited coffee. Considering I was prepared to find a place to pay $4 for a cup of coffee, this was just too good of a deal to pass up. I let my waitress know I was on a tight schedule and confirmed that she'd be able to get me on my way in less then an hour. My coffee cup was never below half full, and my fruit came out within just a few minutes. The breakfast wasn't far behind, and it was cooked exactly to my specifications (extra crispy bacon). I wasn't too keen on the eggs, but everything else was great. I especially liked the 9-grain toast.Knowing I was looking to get back to the race as soon as possible, the waitress brought my check out promptly and had me back on my way within 45 minutes. With good service and great prices for breakfast, Harry's has made me a fan. I am definitely planning on returning sometime for dinner.
2	Being that this is Lake Las Vegas, I expected my sandwich to be at least better than average. The "Italian Beef" sandwich is served w/ mushrooms, spinach and mozzerella. Nothing Italian about that, thought it sounds good. The beef wasn't tasty and lacked seasoning. The cheese wasn't melted either. The sandwich is grossly overpriced at $16, and I did have a $5 off coupon. The side salad served with the sandwich was the only good part of the meal. I ate at the bar, as many people do, and I was served both the salad and sandwich (on 2 plates) at the same time. I don't fault the bartender, though no one ever asked how my meal was and neither the bar nor restaurant was busy on this Monday evening. Asking if everything is OK is basic service in any restaurant setting, and I was waiting for a manager to come by so I could voice my concerns. The $9.95 Steak and Martini Mondays is the only time I've had good food at Harry's, and I've always been asked how my meal was. The casino obviously needs more business, and serving sub-par, overpriced food is a recipe for disaster.
4	I gave Harry's another chance after a disappointing experience recently. The food improved immensely this time and I was impressed. My bacon wrapped JUMBO prawns were yummy and the chili sauce went nice with the shrimp. This was served with crispyfried onions.The Berries and Bacon salad (can't recall the name- it also has nuts) was huge and FRESH with lots of toppings. The lettuce was gourmet and none of that plain iceberg. I will definitely be back to try another menu item. On Mondays (check the casino Web site to confirm), Harry's features a $9.95 Steak & Martini dinner.
5	If you travel to Las Vegas on a regular basis you know eventually you want a break from it all.  When I get to that point I go to Lake Las Vegas and have dinner at Harry's in the Casino Monte Largo.  This past trip they had a 9.95 special for dinner.  A petite filet Mignon, potato, asparagus and a martini.  You can substitute a glass of wine for a martini.  This in a town where I spent 12.00 for a glass of house chardonnay in a casino.  The lake is a total experience.  Stroll down the walkways after dinner and watch the lights come up at dusk.  Its almost the antidote  for a week on the strip. It is a trip from town but I always find its worth it.  They told me of a steak and seafood special on the weekend but we were going back home.  Go.
5	I've been every Monday! For the incredible $9.95 Filet Mignon Dinner & a Martini.  Cooked to perfection each time & just enough, served with Asparagus & Mashed Potatoes. If you are on the hungry side, start with the soup of the day, or the Caesar Salad (both delish), but my FAVORITE APP is the Portobello Fries, DO NOT SKIP THESE!!!!  Make sure you ask for the horseradish sauce with your entree  (I typically ask for that as well as straight horseradish) I like it to knock my socks off.  I enjoy my meal at the bar, so I have yet to have to wait, as some others have mentioned. I will tell you the food comes out fast, so if you are thinking you will have to wait after ordering when you are seated, do not factor that in, expedition of the food out of the kitchen is excellent.
4	I would give Harry's a 3.5. They are an 'Americano' restaurant. Adjacent to a Casino, the smell of cigarette smoke is in the air. Above, this is listed good for kids. I wouldn't really say it's good for kids. My daughter is almost 15 months old and pretty well behaved, so it wasn't a problem. However, a loud/upset child could cause an issue, since the seating is close to a bar/casino.The staff were pretty friendly. Only issue we had was with the water. The lady refilling our water, spilled it all over the table. Then she said 'Ooops... sorry" and walked away. I had to use all the napkins from the place settings to mop up the mess. Every time the same waitress put something on our table, she sat it right in front of my daughter, so she could try to knock it over. It would have been much easier if she placed it on the entire empty side of the table.We ordered Fried Calamari for an appetizer. It had a spicy marinara and garlic aioli. Very tasty and well cooked. The Calamari wasn't overcooked or chewy. It was tender and well seasoned.I had he Salmon with seasoned white rice and asparagus. My husband had the house lasagna. Very good food. Everything was cooked well. The bread we got for the table was really good. Nice biscuits with cranberries in them and glazed. Very nice and my daughter LOVED them.Though the place wasn't busy, we felt the service was rushed. Every time our water glasses were refilled, they filled the glasses with ice. We were only drinking water, so it was very inconvenient to have to wade through the ice to drink.All in all, I would come back as the food was pretty good and only minor issues with the water glasses and service. I would give this place a visit if you are in Lake Las Vegas.
4	Nice waiter who kept the drinks flowing and talked as we played at the slots. Good breakfast - $9.95 for steak and eggs,. The steak was nicely seasoned, and the hash browns/toast was a nice addition, along with the endless mimosas. Nice, small, and intimate hotel/casino.
4	You have few breakfast choices in Lake Las Vegas. The food at each seems equally good. I found the service at Harry's to be superior. The food was delicious and a great value. I'll be back on my next stay.
1	Waited 40 minutes for two sandwiches. Hamburger that my husband got was the frozen-then-heated up kind. My chicken ciabatta was over done and dry. Waitress was nice, i think problem is with kitchen. Two sandwiches and two drinks came to close to $50. What a rip off. Will not be back.
1	My husband and I were on vacation and opt for breakfast at Harry's.. Big mistake! Service was lousy to say the least ! When our food arrived the server literally through the plates on the table and walked away, didn't ask if we needed anything else, completely ignored us the whole stay of which the restaurant only had two other table of guests in the restaurant. With there being two servers, one bartender and one busser on staff, Everyone was too busy horsing around with each other instead of checking on PAYING guest! We practically had to beg for someone to bring us the check! Moral of the story DON'T go here until there is a new staff, there is plenty of other eaterys' at lake Las Vegas with actual customer service.
5	My husband's family owns a vacation home in Lake Las Vegas so we decided to check out the Monte Lago Casino, shops, and area.  We stopped for lunch at Harry's and got salads.  I got the cobb salad and my husband got the springtime.  The waiter was very attentive and food was delicious.  We enjoyed our salads so much that we went back the next day.  The restaurant itself is very small with a bar taking up 1/2 of it but definitely worth it.  They have a nice patio outside if the weather is good.  If you are hungry I'd definitely stop at Harry's for a bite to eat.  We will be back when we are in town!
4	Went here for breakfast Sunday morning. Arrived at 8:30, and the place was pretty empty. We had our choice of seating on the patio.Our party of 4 ordered the Americano, Eggs Benedict, and the kiddies ordered pancakes. Food was tasty, not heavy. Our tab was $50 before tip, which was affordable, considering our location (4 meals, OJs, and coffee).  Bacon was so-so, thin and crispy, but the sausage was a hit with the kids. Pancakes were very fluffy, and the waitress was diligent with the refills, despite the quickly filling patio area. The wife really liked the eggs Benedict.
4	Good food, drinks & atmosphere! Would eat here again. Made our stay vacation enjoyable!
4	Terrific little place inside the casino at Lake Las Vegas. We had breakfast two days in a row, and the wait staff was awesome. They are definitely a skeleton crew, but the two guys waiting on the customers were bright eyed and friendly. My wife had the eggs benedict which is always a crap shoot as to whether it will be cooked properly or not. It was perfect both days. If you venture to LLV, put this restaurant on your to do list.
5	Food was good..only people thereservice was good.. waiter seemed a little socially awkward, maybe his first waiting job.Great bloody mary!
1	Food is horrible! The only thing palatable to my husband and myself were the eggs, but then again it takes a moron to screw up eggs. We both agree to never eat here again for breakfast or otherwise.
4	I'm a fan of the Creme Brulee Experience dessert!How did I not know abou this??? I love creme brulee. This is a triple threat dessert- a creme brulee martini, cheescake, and martini glass of creme brulee. Bargain for $9.95! They were all very tasty.Have it on Mondays with the $9.95 Steak & Martini special! It's a great combination.
1	Unless they moved this place and we couldn't find it, it's closed. Casino Montelago close down and this restaurant was inside the casino.
