1	I was leaving the bank when a roach that was about five inches long crawled across the tile.  Being the man that I am, I diverted my course and walked fifty feet out of the way to avoid it.  The nice woman that was helping Dallas G and me set up our account smote the roach with a rebel yell and two strikes of her foot.one star, only because I can't put zero stars
1	IF I could give this bank a zero star.. It would get it.. as of today, Im no longer a client.. Im placing my hard earned, low yielding funds with USAA.. where I have been happy for over 15 years.. STUPID me for thinking that when I took a job locally here with a locally based airline that I should also have a local based bank.. WRONG.. and FAIL.. the story begins when on a layover last year someone used my debit/credit card to order over $900 worth of creatine and muscle producing products.. THAT wouldnt be me! Because IM a 5'2 , 120 lb girl.. I dont need nor do I want any bs like that.. Does my bank believe me.. GUESS not! NO.. THEY want me to do the leg work and call the company in question.. bc I HAD a layover in said city in the past 30 days and it was 'questionable' as the rude customer service person at BOFA stated.... WOW.. way to go.. over and over I saw the same $900 go into and out of my acct over the past 9 mths.. silly me.. I will say that most of the money has gone back into my acct. BUT not without alot of headache by me.. and I am the innocent party here.. I simply detest this bank.. AND as a person who was frauded.. all of this was uncalled for.. I dont recommend this bank to anyone..
5	This branch is the closest to where I work, and therefore the branch I use the most. I've had to do multiple money orders/card replacements/account opening/account merging operations here and never had any problems. The previous two reviews call out issues that have nothing to do with this branch, so I'm a bit perplexed as to why they are trying to ding the business. (Fraud claims go through a centralized customer service center via phone, and insects live everywhere & sadly infiltrate even the best business regardless of efforts to prevent it)This location has a very attentive and consistent staff. I've been visiting them for years, and see the same friendly faces regularly. I appreciate that, and I think it shows well. If a company takes care of their staff, they're more likely to take care of customers in my opinion and experience.Drive through banking/ATM's as well as a 24/7 outdoor ATM available.
3	This Bank of America location is just okay. I go here for both personal and merchant banking and it frustrates me that on the lunch hour they only have two bankers windows open. Today I waited for at least fifteen minutes with only one person in line a head of me because all of the merchants were dropping deposits and of course it was taking a very long time to count them through. The banker at the counter was very nice and made nice conversation with me but this location needs to be more efficient.
3	It's an okay branch.  Just needed to deposit some money, in and out of the branch in less than 5 minutes.  There was a security guard on-duty when I visited this afternoon.  It's right across from Chandler Fashion Center off Loop-101, easy access anywhere.
5	I came into the bank around 330, I was kinda in a rush and I didn't havean account with them I just needed to cash my work check. The guy up frontwas very nice and I explained I didn't want a checking account because I didn't thinkid qualify. He talked me Into trying and a lady named Stacey helped me big time!! Turns out I could qualify and she also gave me advice for other financial troubles. Im happy they talked me into it. I recommend her if your wanting an acct . It only took 10 minutes to open too!!
1	Go in Alyssa line because Marisa is very rude , I don't like her character she is terrible don't believe me go there and check her out !! She never even offered me a envelope to put my cash in once everything was finished  . If you're not going to act professionally I'm going to talk to you like you're acting as if you're on the streets so why she act like a bitch.. I'm calling corporate today and I'm going to explain everything .. She ruining there Image I will be glad to switch my money to a company who respect that there customers. I'm officially late for my hair appointment and starting to have a bad evening all because I Wanted to withdraw Money out of my Account ... So Marisa if your reading this you WIN
