5	New lil' coffee shop/cafe on the near-east side.  Local and lovely.  Coffee and espresso roasted by Just Coffee - baked goods from Francois - homemade soups and sandwiches.  Almost no seating but I've taken "to-go" lunches from there on two occasions - very yummy soup & sandwich combos.
3	Typical Madison cafe. Nice atmosphere and friendly staff. Also, it is a great alternative to the long weekend lines at nearby Lazy Jane's (and, to a lesser extent, Monty's). Some of the best iced tea I have ever had the pleasure to consume. The only complaint I have is the value to portion ratio on their sandwiches. Good stuff, but I couldn't help but wish there was at least 50% more for the price I paid for a breakfast sandwich. I also have to agree with Susanne G. as it pertains to laptop users "camping out" at tables. It is a frustrating phenomenon, but is commonplace in coffee shops and cafes these days.
5	I love the O.M.I., the Mermade, and the Bahn Meatless. (Though this sandwich is a bittersweet reminder of what it's like living in larger city, with a Chinatown where there are lots of Vietnamese sandwich shops serving up giant bahn mi for $2.50. ::wipes a tear::)There is always a seat and they welcome doggies in the sidewalk seating area. A bike rack would be awesome!
4	Love the atmosphere. The Tree Hugger iced coffee is a must try. Local produce, I'm happy.
3	I've been here twice in the past year.  The interior is also very kid friendly. I've had their coffee (decent!), and their OMI breakfast sandwich (eggs, coconut curry, avocado and other stuff on a pinini). Their orange juice looked good.It's pretty hippie and reminds me of some places in Berkeley I used to eat at.  Service is very friendly.  Why not go here and combine it with a 16 mile bike loop around Lake Monona, since it's off the bike trails. A winning date combo if I don't say so myself.
4	How cute is this place!I stopped by for a light breakfast after a farmer's market stroll. The chic interior was something I didn't imagine from the storefront. There is a wall of blackboard with chalks provided for you to stretch your imagination while sipping a cup of morning joe. That's an intelligent decor. My Matty's bk sandwich with pesto, egg, and tomato was alright. On the other hand, my fiance's Isis sandwich was super good. The curry aioli sauce + avocado proved to be the golden combination. We also took out their pumpkin muffin to go. I think it was either vegan or vegetarian. The muffin had lots of shredded carrots and pumpkin seeds - it was the most delicious fibrous muffin ever!
3	this a pleasant, lovely neighbourhood cafe.their corn chowder was mighty fresh and full of flavor.their bahn mi was so-so. (if you've had one from a chinatown, you will be slightly crestfallen.)BUT.their mochas? SHUT THE FRONT DOOR.AND SIGN ME UP.
5	I'm addicted to the Mermaid Cafe.  Their coconut curry aoli sauce totally rocks the Oh Mighty Isis and New Delhi Deli sandwiches and the soups I've tried (caribbean carrot and lentil) are delicious.  They have great coffee and baked goods as well if you're just looking for a sugar/caffeine boost.  Also, the staff there are super nice and help contribute to the warm and friendly atmosphere.
1	The guy with the scrappy facial hair (the manager?) is rude and short with customers who aren't cool enough, and with employees--right in front of customers.  Coffee only okay.  Better places in walking distance.
5	A few months ago, Mermaid Cafe briefly closed its doors to renovate. Upon it's re-opening, voila! It is a coffee and sandwich shop by day, full-service restaurant by night. I must say, I am quite pleased with the change.Mermaid's daytime menu continues to offer some of the most tasty sandwiches, soups, muffins, and pastries in town (try the pumpkin pepita muffin--mmmm...). At night, they now offer a small seasonal menu based on the freshest findings from the local farmer's market. A different gourmet pizza every Thursday, specialty burgers all week long, and a regular menu that, this fall, includes a pork rib in sage and apple cider glaze (the sides of brussels sprouts and butternut squash with gruyere were particularly dreamy), and a delicate yet hearty spinach salad with goat cheese, bacon or walnuts, and soft boiled egg.When I went there, the service was friendly and helpful, and the atmosphere was warm and inviting. I especially liked the little basket of seasoned popcorn that arrives on each table to begin the meal. With continued lunch and new dinner offerings, I'm glad that I now have *twice* the reasons to visit one of the sweetest little places in Madison.
4	The coffee here is a 5! Best I had in Madison! Way better than that French named place that starts with a 'B'. The food selection wasn't that large, not sure if they have a kitchen or not. Should be called Mermaid Coffee, not Cafe. They should put the focus on what they are really really good at!
3	they serve revolution roast from just coffee, which is fine by me. 50 cent refills, but bring cash (they dont take credit cards). i had a pumpkin and carrot muffin which was topped with delicious and satisfying crunchy pumpkin seeds. actually i split the muffin with compadre. we also split a cup of coffee. i have got to remember to get cash before i go there (the chase bank across the street charges a THREE DOLLAR service fee to use the ATM). anyway, i like the wooden booths, the tables are spread out nicely. certain members of the staff are a little on the foggy side.
4	Great coffee shop that has recently expanded to dinner service on select days.  While  I haven't had dinner here, I can tell you that their breakfast sandwiches and pastry are excellent.  Try their O.M.I--an egg sandwich with a curry sauce.
5	They know how to make a latte. Delicious. They also have tasty food and wifi.
4	Delicious Bahn Mi sandwich. Great bread and Asian slaw. Carrot soup is excellent. Can't wait til dinner returns. Just one more reason that the Atwood neighborhood is a treasure.
5	I love this coffee shop - it's what I imagine Madison should be. Mermaid is small, relaxed and slightly hipster. It's a great place to grab a coffee and sandwich, and chill for an hour or two doing homework. The menu is more exciting than typical coffee shops (sandwiches & soups feature Indian, Vietnamese and Caribbean touches). I wish it was walking distance from campus, but then I fear it'd lose its charm and turn into an undergrad hangout. I'm happy to abide by its cash-only rules, since it adds good karma to the neighborhood. Yay, Mermaid!
4	I recently swung into the Mermaid Cafe for Saturday Brunch, and I could not have been happier. Atmosphere: Its a cozy coffee shop that feels a lot like Mother Fools or Electric Earth.  That means it is a great place to just be, but not a good place for groups.  There was limited outside seating on the sidewalk.Food:  I can't speak to the omnivorous options, but the vegetarian options were delicious!  The vegetarian Bahn Mi and the egg sandwich were delicious and complex.  The unique play of flavors kept me coming back bite after bite just so that I could try and figure out what was going on in my mouth.  I will be the first to admit that Tofu can go really wrong really fast, but this was delicious.Parking: Plenty of metered street parking in front.  I did not see a parking lot.Service: Service is at the counter.  The service was cordial and helpful.  Payment: Cash or check only.  I did not see an ATM.Price:  Price was about $8 per sandwich, which is a bit pricy.  However, I felt that the food justified the price, and the price is on par with Marigolds and 4 and 20.
4	Love oh my isis! BEST vegetarian sandwich ever. The sauce, UNBELIEVABLE.so, 4 stars for breakfast, but I would say maybe 3 for dinner. But I've only been once, so maybe there are better days. Was disappointed by the burger, and their meat plate wasn't impressive...So, go for their brunch, which I think is only once a week, Sunday? Dinner... It's alright
4	Great coffee. Really nice ambiance. I got the burger for lunch and was disappointed with the burger itself. My fault though in part for ordering probably the most boring thing on the menu. My companion ordered their version of a roast beef sandwich and was really pleased. The side salad was great. Really interesting menu. Will definitely be back to try some of their more unique items. Street parking seems ample. Cash or check only.
4	I went here for brunch on a Sunday and was pleased to see the Japanese bowl on the menu. It is basically miso soup with brown rice, mushrooms, a poached egg, and seaweed. I thought it was pretty good, but then I realized it was a $7 bowl of soup. It was an interesting brunch item and I would like to see more similar items. I would come back here because the environment was nice, but the prices are a little high for what you get.
5	I've been to the Mermaid Cafe twice now for lunch - and oh boy, were they delicious! The first time, I ordered a cup of the carrot soup with a salad, and the second time, the Balinese rice bowl. The food is so delicious and fresh - and good for you! The menu is so different and varied. You are bound to find something that you'll like. I definitely will be returning for more lunch. The folks there are very friendly, service is good and the space very inviting.
5	First of all - believe the hype about the Oh Mighty Isis sandwich -- it really is delicious! The curry aioli really makes the sandwich. The coffee is great too. Nice atmosphere. And there's a big colorful chalkboard you can draw on.
4	Jack (just got first job out of college): "It's not like having an income will change how I live. Instead of eating at "whatever" places for breakfast I'll eat places like this."Mermaid Cafe is not "whatever." Its cozy environment, creative flavor combinations, and top notch ingredients make it SOMETHIN' (I think's that the opposite of whatever? Whatever.)!Jack got the quiche special and INSISTED on pronouncing it kwee-shay the whole time. I got the granola parfait with soy milk subbed for yogurt. Really good nutty, raisin-y granola with delicious fruit compote. Win!
3	I appreciate what Mermaid is doing in terms of high quality ingredients and focusing on just a few specific menu items, but I guess I don't fully get it.+ Great atmosphere; nice mix of individual and community-style seating+ Love the wooden cash register+ Friendly staff+ Very quaint feeling- Was freezing inside (feet still cold)- In all fairness, it is only 12F outside now... So that's more of a dig against WI than Mermaid- Very limited menu options: 2 breakfast sandwiches and a quiche were all that I saw+ Very high quality ingredients- Took a long time for food to arrive + Food was simple and delicious+ Quiche: lots of caramelized onion goodness+ Isis: told it was tasty but very bready- $21 for a sandwich, quiche, and 2 coffees with refills ($0.50/refill)+ CSA drop-spot (for Driftless Organics)- Lots of little flies buzzing around because of the CSA boxesAgain... Not a bad place; it just didn't knock my socks off. I'll give the other menu item a try sometime in the near future. I love little places like this and want to see them thrive.
4	I brunched the brunch out of brunch this morning with the Japanese Farmhouse Breakfast (sub tofu for egg) and I deem it...TOTALLY nom-worthy.The Mermaid menu is small but mighty and the quaint Atwood spot makes for a perfect mid-morning hangout. The coffee is good, they source largely locally, and the prices are reasonable. Next time I'll be in for lunch to try the Bahn Meat-less (not available fo' brunch!).
5	I LOVED my experience here! I had a wonderful light breakfast. A cup of espresso and the best parfait I have ever had. The fruit was fresh and in season, the yogurt was perfect, and the granola was out of this world. I was actually in a better mood for the rest of the day! I look forward to frequenting and recommending the Mermaid Cafe!
5	First time there today and my only regret is not going sooner. Their bahn mi sandwich is not to be missed. The pickled carrots/radish were to die for! I thought the prices were pretty reasonable considering how big the sandwich was. It's hard to screw up tea but I thoroughly enjoyed that as well. The employees were super nice and the environment was great. It's such a cute place. I'll definitely be going back again soon. I'll dream about the sandwich in the meantime...
5	Best coffee and egg sandwiches in Madison!  In fact, if I think about it, Mermaid might just be my favorite source of delicious, fresh sandwiches in Madison period.  I am something of a sandwich purist, happiest with something simple and fresh (and locally-sourced whenever possible, an area in which Mermaid goes above and beyond).  Unfortunately, there seems to be a trend in the cafe world of making sandwiches with too many disparate ingredients that rarely sound appetizing to me.  I can always count on Mermaid for their basics and great specials that often turn out to be exactly what I was craving.
2	The food was good and the decor/ ambiance was great but the service sucked big time. My friend and I came here after being down at the farmers market. We were both visiting madison from out of town and wanted to eat somewhere that used local ingredients. Yelp came to the rescue and we evaded over to the Mermaid Cafe . I order d the California BLT and my friend got the chicken pesto panini. We took our seats and waited.........and waited........and waited. 25 minutes later I went up to the counter to see what the deal was and they were JUST plating our food. WHAT?!?!?!?  We didn't order a steak , we order simple sandwiches that take 7 minutes to make. I told the gal at the counter that we had been waiting for 25 minutes for sandwiches which was ridiculous. There was no offer of a free drink or free dessert nothing. Would love to go back and the food was great but the service was def sub par
5	It's a really cute little place & they have good food. Good vegetarian options too. I'll definitely go back at some point.
