5	My experience with Holistic Waters and Cori Roberts has been by far the best I've had. I have been to several other therapy businesses and had very bad to so so experiences. The atmosphere is very relaxing, you are made to feel completely at ease. The equipment used is new and state of the art. I have tried both methods of therapies, the closed and open system and the system Cori uses is the only one I would recommend to anyone. From the room to the equipment to the people assisting you makes for a very pleasant experience. If you have never tried the therapies I would encourage you to, it has made a huge difference in my life and overall health.
5	LOVE, LOVE LOVE HOLISTIC WATERS!!!Once I got there I felt such amazing calming energy from the ambience of the space. As I waited briefly in the waiting area I was then greeted by this sweet, nurturing shell of a woman, who was my (yes, I refer her to "my  Cori" now) Cory.  Cori spent time learning about me, and made it very easy to freely express what I call mother nature moments.  She then in detailed went into the entire process, what I would expect, the benefits and everything in between, which just showed how comfortable she was with what is a natural process. I immediately felt less embarrassed about the whole ordeal and at ease as I am a bit of a private conservative person myself!I come from an East Indian background, so my diet has been primarily Ayurvedic and vega, but when for the majority of my life its been maybe a 2 or 3 times a week if I am lucky.  So, I went for it, and to my surprise I  had a lot of "matter" that was obviously stuck to my intestinal lining and never eliminated despite my panchakarma (detox) the week prior.  The experience  exceeded my expectations and I feel so much lighter and cleaner.  somewhat euphoric and just "feel good" because I was taking care of my body and hadn't felt that clean ever before.  My energy levels were through the roof, my dark circles I had for years around my eyes DISAPPEARED!!!!!!  I have tried the COLON CLEANSING pills, drinks etc....nothing does the magic as the machine Cori  has.  I believe it is the only type of machine in the valley.  Extremely gentle,free flowing and comfortable.  I strongly encourage EVERYONE to at least try it once, or  consider at the very least, calling Miss. CORI. She'll make you feel as if you are her only client, giving you her undivided attention in a charismatic, genuine and knowledgeable way.  You are more than just a client you are her priority!
5	Upon my first visit to Holistic Waters I had never had hydrocolon therapy before, so of course I was pretty nervous and didn't know what quite to expect. As soon as I walked in, I felt relaxed and at ease. Cori is very nice & personable; making me feel completely comfortable about the whole process. I highly recommend Holistic Waters for your hydrocolon therapy
5	I had never had hydro colon therapy done, a dear friend had suggested trying Holistic waters after I confided in her of some issues I was having.  Feeling very drain and having a hard time with weight lose. As I walked in and looked around the  location is very beautiful, peaceful and claiming. Cori made me feel very comfortable and explained in detail the process.  I felt so comfortable Cori made me feel like we had been long time friends. I purchased a package and saw her a few times in 2 weeks times.  I felt great and I have even lost a few pounds.  This could be from flashing out the toxics build up now my body is no longer craving certain kinds of foods that my body my have relied on before. (Sugar, Carbs).  Everyone bodies responds differently so results may vary. Cori even suggested some other herbs to help keep my system regular and so far it's been working. I would highly recommend hydro colon therapy at Holistic waters. I will be a returning customer at Holistic waters for hydro colon therapy and to try the infrared sauna.
5	Had a session with Corie.  I love the open colonic - much nicer than my previous experiences. The atmosphere is serene and calm.  There is an herb shop in the same building.  Purchased a tea to help with my health issue.
