5	I saw that today was there soft opening on instagram so I stopped by. Their shop so far looks good. Can't wait to see their shop after everything is setup. They have a wide selection of mods, accessories and e-juices. You know you want to check it out haha. I purchased a few new flavors a wrap for my little sis and some stainless steel wick. Something new to mess with. One of the guys there built my rsst with that ss wick and it works great. I will be back.Thanks again Vape Street Las Vegas.
5	Def one of the best Vape lounges in town even if they're only in their soft opening. They live up to expectations of "Best Prices in the US". A must go for all Vapers. They have a very wide selection of juices and even have a daily deal of 3 for $30 n 3 for $25 on e-juice depending on size. Vape Street will be my Vape Lounge of choice. Great crew as well. Good looking out to the owner and staff for the hook up. I appreciate it alot.
5	I had some business to do in the area, and while i was on my yelp app i saw that Vape Street was in the same block so i just walked over. They are, at the moment, in their soft opening phase and there's a lot of work to be done about their signs and advertising. So other than word of mouth, and yelp and a few other sources you may not hear or see this place.I walked in and was greeted. It was chill and relaxed, A lounge couch facing the tv with the movie, Shaolin Soccer playing lol, a big Vape Street Logo on the floor and a nice selection of mods, tips and accessories in their nice lighted showcases. I spent some time looking at their mods, low serials and quite a few limited editions! very impressive.I also spent some time testing the flavors, half or more of which i've heard of, and the others which i really liked the taste of and others were just alright. Like others have said, there's a deal going on for 3 liquids for the price of $30 or $25 depending on the size of bottle. Not bad! At the time i did not purchase any as money is low nowadays, but I did like quite a few flavors that i got to try, like venom and King's Cup.The people working there were friendly, knowledgeable and patient with all the questions i had, especially about the rebuildables and mods.Also what i found quite unique is they have something called SpotOn where each time you walk in, you pull out your SpotOn rewards card and scan it, you receive a spot point and with those spot points you can redeem rewards, such as a drip tip or a discount on juice which i think is pretty awesome. And I have never heard of SpotOn before today.
5	I went in around 9 pm . The guy with the glasses was super friendly and patient ! Most places they tend to just rush you and get kind of annoyed when you keep on trying flavors . Good prices, great juice ! I will be back ! Thanks guys!
4	Well they definitely win in shiniest floor in a vape shop, but also have one of the larger inventory when it comes to mechanical mods! Definitely a shop for me to watch though wallets will cry if they end up getting something on my must have list (which is thankfully not long at the moment). The BF has been in while I was on vacation, but this visit was my first time. We initially came because of a issue he had with the ohm reader he got - he didn't know Oracles didn't read to the hundredths. While that's not their fault we thought to ask if it was exchangeable and they were far more than accommodating and gave him a refund. While he was dealing with that, I was checking out their flavor bar and was happy to see they have Freemasons Elixir line! Justice, a Asian pear juice,  has been my new obsession all day vape on my dripper. I got my bottle in California and glad to have a place to restock right here.  The guy helping me at the flavor bar was friendly and the BF has said that they've been great to him here on the past visits too. A plus - they have a adorable shop dog. Good first impressions, I will be back to see how this relationship grows.
5	It has been a little over 2 months since i did my First review for Vape Street. I still come back often just to chit chat and hang out with everyong, try some juice and envy over all the mods. I'm not the richest guy around but i've managed to save up enough money for a kayfun lite and bought it there. Peter gladly showed me how to build it, what to look for, what to do and what not to do. I of course tipped him and went on my merry way.Customer service has been consistent every time and can say Vape Street has come to be my number 1 shop out of all the shops i've been to. They have everything I'm looking for in Vaping including the knowledge and advice. Definitely a happy camper.
5	Customer service was better than 5 stars. Walked in and was greeted by their four legged mascot. (Very friendly dog) Prices are EXTREMELY reasonable. I came in to get a Nemesis Clone, after calling 10+ stores only a handful had them in stock. Everyone in town is charging $60.00 for a clone, they were priced competitively at $65.00.They also have a a great selection of high quality juices.(Bamskilicious: Lychee)(Crush: Kings Cup)Those are two amazing juices that always fly off the shelf, get them if you can!I will be going back, it was just a nice place to hang out. They helped me setup my Nemesis with a dual coil and drip a ton of juices to try out on my new mod. Stop by if you are in the area!
5	Really new shop.... Defiantly worth stoping by nice selection of mods.... Great build station too!....
5	Came here yesterday to pick up a kanger pro tank and some ube juice. Very friendly and knowledgable staff. Wish I could have stuck around to try out the juice bar tho. This is now my go to vape spot whenever I'll be in town! Swing by and check them out!!
5	Amazing customer service! We are first timers that will surely be returning customers everytime we visit LV. Great help from AJ, Danny, and owner Daniel. Thank you for the warm, friendly, welcoming vibe. Will definitely recommend to our friends and family both here and back home in California. -Margo and JR
5	I've been to many vape shops is Las Vegas, and this spot is mos def one of my boyfriend and I's faves. The shop itself is nestled in a plaza on the corner of Flamingo and Decatur, kinda easy to miss if ur not lookin for it. But other than that, Vape Street is a really great and affordable shop. They really have the best pricing I've seen so far. They carry my favorite brand of e-juice Bamskilicious, which many shops don't offer. I love the lychee and ripe mango flavor.Furthermore, the guys that work there are very nice and approachable, not to mention knowledgable about everything vape. Go visit them for all your vaping needs!
5	Really wish I could put 10 stars on this review. Since the first time I came in the shop they have always treated me like family and with respect and have always been helpful and Informative with any question I've had. I highly recommend them to everyone I know keep up the great work. I love you guys.
5	Vape street is the hottest stop to vape at in Vegas good looking out on mods and juices thanks vape street lv
5	First impression walking in they are very friendly great customer service & the shops really nice. They have a lot of stuff to look at & are very knowledgable of their products. I came in to get unicorn milk & get my rda drilled out. The guy there was a great help..
5	The people there are very nice and knew what they were talking about the new E-cigarette (MOD osiris dominion) model. It's pretty nice and I should be quitting soon on cigarette. The piece of rubber on the MOD broke and they fixed it free of no charge.  That's great service and they also gave me a great discount for a first timer on using the Mod model.
5	I wish I could give a better rating than 5 Stars. Went in there just as they were about to close and instead of rushing my order and closing up shop, they stayed open and answered all of my questions and addressed all of my needs! Vanessa, Daniel and Jenny were a great help. They treated me like family not to mention they had a large range of juices to choose from as well as beginner devices to high end mods. *Tip - If Robert is working, ask him to do his special dance. It will surely give you a laugh. Super Great Staff!
5	I've been here twice now, and have not been disappointed. Their juice bar is fantastic and both times I've been blow away by their juice selection and flavors and ending up buying three 15 ml's.
5	Recently visited Vegas and I wanted to check out some shops. This one was the closest. I had an AMAZING experience here. Customer service was excellent. The employees were very nice and answered every question I had. They were very knowledgeable about everything vape related. Product wise: Vary wide selection of high end mech mods, atomizers and accessories. They pretty much have everything you need from low budget starter kits to high end stuff. Juice:They also have a wide variety of different flavors. All the flavors I sampled were delicious! Overall summary:Very knowledgable staff, kind, and patient. Wide variety of devices and eliquid. I had a great experience. Thank you Vapestreet! If I'm ever down here, you guys will always have my business. It was a pleasure!I would definitely recommend anyone to come and check this place out!
5	Great place to go if you're looking for a wide selections of vape needs. People are all friendly with great service as well and they make you feel at home. Clothing is also nice too.
5	Stopped by a few vape shops while my trip to vegas and vape street by far has the biggest selection and had the cheapest prices in town. Danny built my kraken and its awesome. thanks again Vape Street. Just as awesome as the california location!
5	Just needed some juice and was surprised by their selection of juices. The different mods and tanks also, I really couldn't believe it. Stuff I never heard of or seen before so I'll give 5 stars based on their inventory. I will for sure stop by again to see what's new
5	Stop by this store with a group of friends from Cali. And nothing but good vibes from this place. The employees (Danny and AJ) were very helpful.  Came to just peep the place with no intentions of buying anything, and I came out buying a new atomizer. The prices here are on point.  Happy with what the store has to offer. The place is very spacious and clean. Mos def coming back if I'm in need of some vape needs out in Vegas.
5	hands down the best vape shop in Vegas! if you need a rebuild, I suggest AJ. thank you vape street Las Vegas!
5	I came here while visiting with some friends because we all needed juice and rebuilds. AJ was very helpful and the build he did on my IGO-W was one of the best I've had so far. I definitely recommended this shop over other shops in Vegas. They're very welcoming and friendly, and very knowledgeable about the products they sell and about building. If you're in town and you need anything vape-related, check this shop out. You won't regret it.
5	See Im used to the location in Artesia.  So it came to a heavy surprised when I visited Vegas months ago that Vape Street was right there waiting for me.  It gets popping over here and I'm very impressed that they got a location in Vegas.  Location, location, location!!  If they are the gold standard already in California for vapes, then they are the platinum standard over in Vegas.  When I'm not going HAM in Vegas, I'm usually there to shop and shop a lot.  This is definitely one of the places to stop by.  The customer service doesn't change just the geographical content.  Lots of variety in terms of the juice and the equipment.  Education yourself on vaping and come through Vape Street.  This will be one of the places I come through next time Im back in Sin City!!
5	Great customer service. Only shop I go to when in Vegas because they're fast and always have inventory
5	Visiting Vegas and looking for a vape shop. Vape Street is a great place to go. Christian hooked me up. Good atmosphere and  friendly people. Not far off the strip.
4	Haven't been to Vegas since the vape scene blew up. So I finally get into town to check out the local vape shops. First Yosi, then headed to Vape Street.I came at around 8:50. Yelp told me they closed at 10 but they're Open sign was off so I assumed they had shut down early. I decided that I should call just in case. Viola, still open. Small mistake but anyway.I walk in and the setup is nice. I will say at first it seems kind of dim but the displays are lit so that's pretty cool. Now I just have to compare them to Yosi since Vape Street was my second stop. I will say Yosi definitely has a better juice selection in terms of premium and harder to find juices, IMO but I'm from the Bay Area so who knows, and their juice testing system is just better all together. But Vape Street's selection of authentics is a LOT bigger. Like a LOT bigger. They just have way more nice stuff overall. I would definitely rather go to Vape Street for mods and accessories. The first guy to help me was really distracted and too preoccupied to help me even though I was the only one there. However, I do also work at a vape shop so I understand. The girl at the juice bar was very helpful with juices and I ended up buying 2 fruities instead of my usual dessert types. Overall it was a nice experience, I got to chat it up with the girl at the juice bar and a couple customers for a bit. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars from me is because I feel like the whole juice bar could be improved just a bit.
5	These guys know what they are talking about!  They are great.  And they are there and want to make you happy and help you.  I had a terrible experience at another place, and these guys saved me after.Don't go to Relax, Just Vaping on Ann and Centennial Center.  Go here.
2	Not a bad vape store but definitely not the best (it use to be)  I've bought a ton of mod's, rda's  and a countless number of juice from Vape Street. This use to be my go to place even though I find them a bit overpriced on a lot of hardware, I've always had great customer service here but after finding Break Time this place has become a thing of my past. If you do happen to go make sure you try Kings Cup e jucie.*Edit* They are over pricing now, Cereal Killa is $16.99 everywhere but Vape Street sells it for $22... Come on now if other places can sell it for $16.99 the same price as the company who make's it sells it for then why cant you?  Over priced!!
3	Decent service
5	Awesome. We went in for a new battery and a new tank, Alan and ian (I think that's whattheir names were) showed us a ton of different models and helped us get set up. I've been vaping for 6 months and learned a ton about how to take care of my itazte as well as how to clear the tank. patient and helpful. Now you just need to open a store in Seattle please!
5	Everytime we're in town this is our vape shop to hit up for juice and all our vacation vape needs! They have a wide selection of juices too!
4	Vape Street is back to it's old self!  Good job guys you have definitely brought me back as a customer.
5	The people here are awesome! Friendly atmosphere, Very helpfull and alway have what im looking for! I love vapestreet
5	Awesome shop with very helpful staffcame in looking to pick up a few a juicesleft with a few mods. Would definitely comeback again and pick up more of their amazing flavors-Doug
5	Not originally from vegas but this shop is just as great as the one in artesia in ca. Service and knowledge is great and everyone is very helpful. Amazing customer service and the staff really bonds with the customers and make them feel comforatable. Good vibes at this shop
5	Extremely helpful staff! They carry an awesome selection of juice and they let you try before you buy. I stopped in for a bottle of juice and the manager of the shop ended up fully polishing my mod and hooking me up with a new 22g build for free.
5	My go to vape shop when I'm in the area. They have a great variety of mods and attys! I usually stay at the strip when I get to Vegas, but the cab ride there is definitely worth it. The shop is clean with that dope mosaic tile floor with their logo! You guys have to get Looper and cereal killer. So bomb!
5	Came on christmas day thinking it was close. The store has big variety of products. Staff was very friendly and i got a new built and hooked me up! Awesome place!
5	This place has great service. I ordered the bike from crush vapors from their website and received a few bottles that were quite old. I sent an email requesting newer juice and they sent me two new bottles without question and without charging me anything. I will always order my juice from them and whenever I am in Vegas I will always be visiting too! Thank you very much for the excellent customer service!
5	Just wanted to say thank you to Allen for your awesome build and all your help thanks chairl
