4	I highly recommend checking out their clearance section in the back -- you'll usually find some heavily marked down items there.For some reason, this location carries similar items to its Premium Outlets (North) location, but at a better price. This store and its prices is one of the many reasons I enjoy going to this outlet center, even when it was completely dilapidated prior to the remodel. They tend to run off-season in terms of what they carry (as do most outlets), so my strategy here tends to run along the lines of buying staple items such as formal wear or light shirts that can be layered year-round. I recommend avoiding the printed Hawaiian shirts (unless of course that's your style, and if it is, then do you).
4	My husband loves Perry Ellis jeans and clothing because of the quality, value and fit. We always make sure to hit up the PE outlet when we are near by and stock him up on clothing. The young ladies at the store, I think Jasmine was one of their names, and the 2 other sales girls were SUPER helpful and very nice! Great service!! They found sizes and made sure we knew about specials. Awesome service at an outlet is hard to find.. glad these girls helped us out!
5	After my absolutely horrible experience in Polo Ralph Lauren, we headed next door to Perry Ellis. I had never been in this store either. They had some deals and overall just really reasonable prices compared to everything else we had been seeing. The store was clean and we fulfilled most of our shopping needs here. And the entire staff was very nice and friendly and helpful. While my boyfriend was in the dressing room one of the employees even carried me a chair all the way out from the back room. It was such a refreshing experience and I would certainly return here to shop if there ever was a need.
4	I love Perry Ellis and although this location is further, I seem to find better product availability at this one. The north location never has the right sizes it seems like! This store gets a little busy on the weekends though so if you need assistance, be sure to go early so you can work with one of the two employees that are working when I've shopped there. I love the dress pants/slacks here and they're always on sale for $29.99 when I've been by there!
