4	I looove, loove, love shopping for a little decadent treat usually less than $10 here.   How about a chocolatey vanilla raspberry (truffle) lotion, a velvety kiwi sugar scrub or an illuminating Rimmel London Dare to Bare Face & Body Luminizer?  Don't you feel better already even if you worked so hard  & feel like you have no money?  You can stretch your cosmetic dollars here so don't forget to also check the clearance bin for values & steals for lipsticks, makeup, nailpolish etc. in enchanting colors that if not workable singly, you can mix together and presto, look like a decadent treat.
1	Two words, Rip Off.If I want to buy over priced cosmetics (which truthfully I'm plenty guilty of) I love my make up and products, thing is I rather go to the department store counters or even Sephora. Much more knowledgeable professional staff. Nothing here is really on sale they have little bottles and trial size things, and a few clearance items...that's all you can get for less here, but how is that any different from anywhere else? Even Marshall's right next door has better cosmetics marked down then Ulta does....The other day I got my eyebrow wax done here, and that made my feelings about ulta that much more solidified. My appointment was with Jennifer, who once I came in the store had to go looking for and asking around to find. Once in the "back" (not really a back or private area in Ulta)... It took less then 5 min. which she acted rushed even though she told me they booked entirely too much time before her next appointment. She missed spots, not very warm or friendly, and it cost way more then I've paid anywhere else 28.00 which really at least if it would have been good service or she had done a nicer job I wouldn't care quite as much. I asked her how much for a men's haircut for my boyfriend, she said 40.00 again, I don't think I will be coming here again. It's one thing to pay for overpriced things as long as you feel you got your money's worth. There are so many great places to shop in Las Vegas for the exact same products and services offered here, I think I'll go with one of them instead.
3	I'm reviewing the store section. They still have a long way to go compared to Sephora. Although the staff are friendly, they have lots of missing samples in the make-up section.The member points program is so behind the times. I applied and when I didn't visit the store for a few months, I went missing in the system. I applied again and just give my phone number to look me up everytime, I notice that I have no points whatsoever. I surely don't shop there a lot but I did buy some hair and nail products in the past, no points at all.Sephora has a better Beauty Insider memeber program. I don't even remember what the Ulta member program is called, they need to improve that member program to attact more loyal customers.Location is good, it is in a huge shopping area which is very convenient. Good return policy too.
4	This store is definitely a girls best friend.  They have a wide selection of makeup, hair and nail supplies, perfumes, scented candles, and anything you can use for beauty.  The staff are helpful and friendly.  The coupons are very useful.
2	I prefer Sephora for my makeup shopping, but Ulta carries one brand of makeup that Sephora does not so I still stop in occasionally to purchase specific items. I decided to stop into this particular Ulta location on my lunch break because it's fairly close to my work. I was greeted by a cashier when I walked in, but otherwise I was left on my own to shop. Which was fine since I was there for a specific item. Sadly the shelf where the particular item (liquid eyeliner) should have been was empty. I asked an employee if she could check the back room for additional stock and she did so but unfortunately they had nothing in back. When I asked her to suggest a similar product she tried to sell me another brand which was triple the price of the product they were out of. Pfft, I don't think so... As convenient as this location is for my lunch-break shopping trips, I think I will save myself the trouble and just go to the Henderson location in the future...
3	Ah...Ulta. Kinda like Sephora's red headed step child..No just kidding. They have gotten more and more street cred with me over the years, mainly because they have started to carry more and more "prestige" brands, like Lorac, Stila, Tarte, etc., and have fairly good deals on drugstore stuff too...when you know how to shop it there...can you say COUPONS?First off...what it is...a kind of hybrid between Sephora, and say, your local Walgreens or CVS. Meaning, you can find stuff here that you can't find in a Sephora, like my coveted Cover Girl LashBlast Mascara, and vice versa. The hair products and appliance section is pretty extensive...this is where I bought my coveted Sedu brand clipless curling iron and flat iron, (instead of on Folica.com) when they were both on sale and even more discounted because I had a 20% off coupon. (These irons are incredible quality and NEVER scorch hair, but a bit pricey at around 150.00 each, but sooo worth it... check out their reviews online to see if you are interested )......So I saved on shipping and handling that I would have paid on Folica.com, even though technically Folica's regular prices are lower than Ulta's regular prices...but to get the better deal at Ulta and not pay shipping...you just have to watch for the sales.The key to getting a good deal at ulta is signing up for their rewards program and giving them your email address where they will send you promos practically every day with coupons. If this will annoy the crap out of you, just give them a junk email, but actually CHECK it to get the coupons. They also discount their drugstore makeup fairly regularly, with deals on brands like Cover Girl or Loreal stuff. These deals usually are like, buy 2 get one free, etc. I ALWAYS use my coupons along with deals like that and save a nice amount. This location is smaller and less stocked than their North Rainbow location, but the staff is nice. Not on par with say, a Nordie's cosmetics gal, but they always have reps in store for the various lines, so if you really like say, Stila, ask when their reps are coming into the store or when they will have special events with the brand, and you can meet with an actual Rep from that particular company. As far as returns go,  I always save my receipts, just in case I don't like a product and want to return it, and they have never given me a hassle. They usually issue store credit if you don't have a receipt, and have done that for me before,but that isn't too often, because I save all my receipts so as not to appear ghetto....ha ha...So yeah, def NOT a Sephora, but a heck of a lot better than just sticking to a drugstore, because thou cannot live on drugstore makeup alone! I go a least a few times a month.
4	My new favorite affordable beauty store. They have great sales!
3	Like others have said, Ulta is the lower end version of Sephora. Here are some keys to successful shopping at Ulta:1. sign up for the rewards club2. clip the coupon in the paper3. come here knowing what you want, this is not the place for advice or tipsThink of it as the beauty department of Target blown up and in it's own store with more selection and brands, but you don't go to Target for beauty advice :)Watch for their sales, don't get fooled by their recommendation to try other brands, if they don't have what you want...then just come back another time and go somewhere else to get it. I fell for that once...ended up with crappy expensive products. Another tip: keep a list of all your OPI nail polish colors on your cell phone...I know crazy right, especially with their 3+word names? But if you are like me you own so many and then go back, fall in love with a new polish at the store only to return home and find out you already own it! No wonder why you thought it was so cute in the store, it's cause past you had good taste too! LOLI like how convenient this location is...right next to my weekend shopping/errands stores. I'm certainly a regular.
1	Everytime I walk into this Ulta I think "maybe this time it will be better."  But no, every single freaking time I come here the following occur:1.  They're out of everything that I want.  I came in for the same Murad product 3 times over an eight-month period and it was out. Every. Single. Time.  It's always in stock at Sephora. Always.2.  The staff are unreasonably heinous.  They've audibly sighed when I asked for help.  Isn't Ulta a retail establishment where, you know, they sell you things?  Apparently requesting them to check stock is tantamount to kicking them in the vagina.I'm done.
2	I have been to this location several times in the past year and each time I have been fairly disappointed.  The staff at this location are not necessarily rude but they don't not go out of their way to be helpful.  This Ulta is always short of something when I go in for my buy 2-get 1 free hair products...ALWAYS!!!  They seem to have a smaller selection of products then their counterpart at Best of the West.
4	Service: 5/5  The service here is definitely top notch. I've been to their location on the southwest and I feel that this location has better customer service than their other location and also better than sephora's service. I can't confidently not be scared to ask their makeup specialist questions with out being bombarded with upsale's or with make up artist who they they know me better than myself. Products: 3/5 I like their high end brands like their benefit and urban decay and lorac but I wish they had more brands like sephora. Unfortunately sephora is super far from where I live so Ulta gets the job done I just wish they had more of a selection.Sales & coupons: 5/5 I love their sales and I know a lot of women probably do too. Every time they have a sale be sure the store will be packed and the line will be long. I love their online coupons or their mail coupons so convenient
1	Burnt my hair!!I don't know how to keep this review short, but I will try. I made an appointment for a haircut (a trim) and to tone my hair. The stylist "Sandra" was very nice and tried her best, but her best is less than mediocre. She was supposed to just trim my hair but instead she chopped it. It was the worst haircut ever. The back is uneven. As far as the toning, She was told to tone my hair. NOT BURN IT. She decided that 35/40 developer and bleach (for an hour) was the better alternative. I've been bleaching my hair for a while, I didn't think it would be THAT bad. She should have checked on my hair every few minutes to make sure it would not burn. But instead, she took n another client simultaneously, semi-ignored me, and let my hair burn. I should have  known better than to come here. I left semi annoyed but the following days were devastating. My hair didn't stop falling out. I can go on but I said enough. Just don't go there.
4	This rating is for the store only as I have not used the salon.The store is organized well, the staff actually knows where things are and will take the time to walk you to the proper section of the store (score!), this particular store is always clean, the prices arent gouging or cheap either, and the return policy is fabulous. Note: if you use a product and its not for you, you can return it if you have used less than 25% of product.  I had an allergic reaction to an expensive shampoo and they took it back with a smile. Also, there are "$3.50 off $10 or more spent" coupons on the Ulta website all the time! I dont think the coupon is excluded on sales either.
4	So my hair is where the majority of my grooming budget goes to, and I appreciate that I can go to Ulta, with their super easy return-and-exchange policy, and try out all these different products without worrying that if I don't like it I will have no recourse.They very recently started carrying DevaCurl and Ouidad products, and for those of you unaware, these two lines cater specifically to curly hair.  Yay!  These lines are also based out of NYC and I was not going to spend the money on the product and the shipping and handling to try these products and then get stuck with them if I didn't like them.  The hours are convenient, as they're open until 9p on weekdays, and since it's in the Arroyo Grande shopping center, the parking is plentiful.  The staff here has been pleasant, attentive but not pushy.  Yes, it can sometimes get very busy and the lines get backed up (there was a time when I left my intended purchase on a shelf and just walked out because of the wait) but they generally handle this well.  And the bathrooms back in the salon area are super clean and well stocked!  Will I continue to come here?  Without doubt.  The selection of products is extensive, reasonably priced, and above all else, the return-and-exchange process is super customer-friendly.
5	I got my hair done by Jennifer the salon Manager and she was so good. She took time and did a very in-depth consultation.  I got exactly what I wanted and rebooked.
5	I was desperate to get my hair trimmed and since it was just a trim I thought I'd give Ulta a try. I was given Larry as a stylist.  He was fabulous.  Great personality. Great skills and an all around nice guy. Ive been back to see him twice since and he remembers my likes every time.
2	Ugh! I keep going here because it's close to home and they never have what I need. Out of stock, didn't re-stock, won't carry it anymore, the items are too popular... I've heard it all. Ugh! I did however spend 150 bucks on other things. Thank you Ulta! Lol
3	This review is based on the salon itself. Just moving to Vegas, I was a little skeptical on where to go to get my hair dyed completely blonde (typical Asian with dark hair). I chose Ulta just because that's something familiar. Got set up with Trista and was charged a little more than the typical price since she's at a 'higher level' as a colorist. I don't blame her for this but, I've had a dry scalp problem for a couple months and the bleach pretty much stripped my outer skin of my scalp and left me feeling like my head was on fire for the good 60 minutes I had to wait. I just tried to ignore the pain cause at the time I didn't really know what was going on and this was my first time every bleaching my hair. Hahaha doesn't that sound so horrifying? Well beauty is pain so I toughed it out. The color itself came out well and I'm very happy with it.As far as returning, I'm still a little on edge about it. One, I've met someone that does hair at Caesar's and promised me a 'friends and family discount' and specializes in color. And two, I didn't really enjoy my overall customer experience as much as I hoped to. Conversation wasn't very engaging and I feel like that really adds to the customer service of a salon, to make your guests feel at home and welcomed. Also, when I actually looked at my scalp when I got home, it was TERRIBLE and I feel like even though it wasn't totally her fault, shouldn't there have been some kind of remorse or compassion towards the situation? To get an idea of the pricing, the overall bill came out to be ~$130 and my hair comes down to about 1in below my chin.
2	This is a review about the salon. I've been going to see Trista for a few months now. The first few times I just got a trim and was happy, it wasn't until I started getting my hair colored that I really was dissatisfied. The first time that I got my hair colored I was happy, I got tons of compliments on the color. The next time she used the wrong color on my roots because she didn't write down the color from the previous time. She fixed it as soon as she realized but as my hair started to grow out I could definitely see a color difference. Even though she had screwed up the color, I was sttill charged full price. I was also charged for a "signature cut and style" when all she did was trim the ends of my hair and my bangs. I just got my hair done a couple of days ago. She fixed the roots but didn't use a glaze on the rest of my hair so now my roots have a bright vibrant color and the rest of my hair is faded and dull. I really like her and the way she initially cut my hair but she seems like she's bored and never wants to be there. She has to ask me what the color is that she used the last time. How should I know, Isn't that her job?  And the prices are too expensive. $18 for a bang trim...come on!
5	Everytime i come into this ulta i have had people always ask if i need help. They go out of thier way to have good customer service. I really like this location!
5	Always have a great experience every time I come here. And they just got Lancome products... BONUS! Its so convenient coming here for your department store makeup then having to park and deal with a typical mall hassle. With brands ranging from Urban Decay and Philosophy to Cover girl & Ulta brand there is something for every budget. They also have a very broad selection of mens & women perfumes. Ive never gotten my hair done at their salon but Ive heard nothing but great things. I suggest this place for all your beauty needs.
1	This review is for the salon.I recently saw Trista " master stylist" and let me tell you she should not be considered a master. I liked my cut but the coloring job was the worst i had blonde hair and wanted some red she picked out a red brown i said ok but can they be less noticing highlights very light and thin. She said sure. Well now my hair looks peppered because one she over processed the blonde making it white and the brown red looks grey! I chalk this up to the fact that she piggy backed me with another client of hers. I was a first time client for her she did not know my hair but she did not check on the foils once. She had me sit there processing while she did her long time clients hair i sat there for one hour! When i called to complain the salon manager did not care at all. She said they could refund the money for the color or fix it. I stated i want both since this was not my mess up and is going to dry out my hair. She wouldnt do it so i took the money....needless to say never go to the salon at this location they will f up your hair and not care.
2	I love how this place is close to my house where i can buy high end makeup. I just don't really like the staff they seem very distracted like the cashiers are just standing there chit chatting while all of us are like waiting in the damn line. Also last time I went there, there were a few teenage girls that are messing with the makeup. Maybe they are trying to shop lift ? Who knows? Maybe if the workers paid more attention then they would know.
4	I love that this place is close to home and is located in the Arroyo Crossing Plaza, so I can get various shopping time all at the same area.However, this place is a hit and miss. I have had very poor service from the workers there and I have had very great customer service. I guess it truly depends on who is working on what day and what time you go. The workers (when I experienced poor service) was due to their 'I don't care" attitude and when you asked for help about a product, they didn't seem very willing to help out. I have had very great service as well, where the lady helped me and even answered more than I had in mind. Ulta always has sales and a lot of times you can score something rather cheap and affordable. If you have no subscribed to them, you definitely should. They have various coupons from 20%, $3.50 off $10 purchase, and sometimes $5 off $10 purchase. I never go without the coupons  Who doesn't want to at least save a few dollars here and there. And every so often, depending on how much you spend, there are different reward levels and you can choose a gift after that certain time period is over.They also added the Clinique line to the Ulta store which is even better! Though the store is a little clumped together due to various products they have. I always come out from Ulta purchasing something and will definitely come back here.
3	A pretty standard beauty store.  The prices are decent and they offer their own coupons and accept manufacturer coupons and who can't complain about saving money!  My only complaint about Ulta is they don't always have the basics in stock like basic Roc products and you need to pay attention at the register as more then once an item has been rung up for more then what the tag said.  But as far as having pretty much every cosmetic, perfume, body and hair care products you really can't beat Ulta for selection.
4	I came here this morning looking for a new eyeliner. I didn't wanna travel all the way to Sephora and this spot is pretty nearby... I purchased a new Lancome eyeliner and I actually like it better than the last eyeliner I bought from Sephora... I also purchased some new face cream that should help with my dry skin from Lancome as well! The lady who helped me was very helpful and friendly. Yay!
4	This store is a mecca of anything beauty related. The store is brightly lit with isles and isles of products. Items that you would find in salons and in the drug stores. There is even a hair salon in the back. A bunch of friendly salespeople to help with any question you may have.
5	Roshetta saved my hair! The last place i went to completely butchered my hair and Roshetta hooked it up. She fixed my hair and it looks great! Love her, loved the service.
1	I walked in looking for a Chi hair straightener and a product I had for no frizz made by "big sexy" and a liquid bronzer.  I just walked around in circles forever while all the employee's ignored me.  There was 20 employee and 5 customers you would think that SOMEONE could've helped me. Nope everyone else was asked if they need help finding anything except me. I only found the hair straightener but not the other items. When I got to the check stand the checker said how are you? I said Not good and she said "GOOD"!  Did you know this has a coupon offer in the paper for a two for one do you want to go get another one." I said no I want a manager actually. She got a manager and I was so upset I was shaking & she said is everything ok I told her no and told her what happened.  I said when your checker asked me how am I and I said not good shouldn't she have asked me why instead of saying "good' like a robot? She said oh yes of coarse. I said is there any reason why no one asked to help me and let me wonder for 20 minutes looking for items? she said no. My frustration was high I started to cry.  She didn't apologize or offer me a tissue I left and will NEVER return.  I wrote a comment and filled out a survey on-line and a manager said she would like to talk to me more about this and she manages this store.  I don't want to talk to anyone about this ever again I am still upset I never found or got to buy the other items I was looking for.  Talk is cheap she should have training classes for her employee's telling them not to ignore customers and if they see them walking around aimlessly they actually might be searching for something and you might want to ask them if they need help. And when a customer says they are not doing good not to say GOOD !!!!!!!!!! Unreal. The employee's are obviously just there for a pay check I saw one on them come on duty to there shift and just stood at the front door gossiping to another employee just standing there. I felt like I was in high school and the teacher hadn't got into the class room yet.  I had make-up on my hair was done I looked like a respectable person I was smiling at first. I am not sure why not one person asked me if I need help finding anything. I am shocked and bothered.  There is a lot of people who need jobs out there and would love to work there and ask customers if they need help finding something.
4	Yelp 100 Challenge 2013- 14/100Ulta is like a bath and beauty wonderland for girls!  It's a large store with a abundant choices. Items I usually purchase here include: Urban Decay Eye Shadow (Naked palette is awesome), Lacome, Burberry Brit Perfume, Rusk (Speed Freak) Hair Dryer, Philosophy (Purity, Ready.Set Glow! kit, Hope In A Jar)  and many more lotions and potions!  I also love to shop at Ulta since they offer coupons and promos on a pretty regular basis. I'm always looking to save money and they shell out '20% off one item' coupons via email almost monthly... SCORE! My experience this past Friday: I stopped by here on Friday morning looking for a foundation that matched my skin and looked natural. Urban Decay stopped making my foundation of choice and a lady named Annette came to my rescue! She sat me down and applied  a few different kinds until she found one that blended in perfectly( lancome teint miracle 'lit from within foundation).  She then wiped all the extra goop on my face from the samples- and redid my face in my foundation of choice. Annette also let me sample some Lancome mascara that I also fell in love with and ended up purchasing. She was never was pushy and gave me some excellent tips on makeup application. Thanks to her helpfulness, I actually have a foundation that blends perfectly. She was superb and I appreciated her no pressure assistance.
5	This is my favorite Ulta store of all the ones I have frequented in this country. I have my brows done at the Benefit Brow Bar, and Nadia does a wonderful job every single time. Parisa does my hair, and my current hair cut and style is the best I've had in years. I am going to use them for my hair color services next. The store itself has great specials and sales, and the rewards perks are very handy. I was able to attend an Urban Decay workshop over the summer, and I am so fortunate for the experience. Ulta @ Arroyo is a wonderful store for beauty needs. (Update) I had my hair colored by Parisa, and she is my hair stylist soul mate. She can understand exactly what I need, and both times her work has been nothing short of a miracle. She has made me a hair care addict now. I am already plotting my next service. So for hair - check out Parisa, and for Benefit brow bar - definitely call on Nadia. Also, Ulta always offers great deals and coupons. Most of the stuff I want is excluded from coupons, but I love shopping on triple points experiences.
2	This location sucks. Products everywhere, dirty store, lack of products for certain brands. Especially in the NYX cosmetics section. Packages were opened, fresh new lipsticks ruined because some idiot forcfully smashed the cap on it, and there were hardly any products left.I know Ulta is Sephora's ugly step sister but I much prefer to go to Sephora than this place. Most high end products (cosmetics, skincare, fragrances, body care, hair products) are sold at Sephora anyways. What's the point of Ulta? I know they have brands like Revlon, Covergirl, Maybelline etc...etc... but umm...that's what drugstores are for. Only reason why I came here was for the brand Essence. I went to purchase a dupe lipgloss for NARS Turkish Delight.
1	I have tried to make an appointment at their brow bar now twice. The first time they were totally booked. Today I called made an appointment then drove straight there just to be turned away. They claimed they didn't have me down and rather than find a way to fit me in, they just took the sucks for you approach. I will not be coming back.
1	Usually I could spend hours looking at all of the products, but this past weekend I couldn't wait to get out of there. I felt demeaned and inferior to the sales team at this store. When I asked for a certain product I was told, "That's the cheap stuff. I don't know a lot about that line." So when I asked for other suggestions, I was handed two $60 products. Well, I'm sure the products were great, but I was not asked my price point and felt rushed along. A second sales lady asked if I needed help twice, kept watching me and introduced herself multiple times, like she never saw me before. I left the old products on the counter while the new sales lady talked me through a different line. The original sales lady was very short and a bit harsh when she asked if I didn't want her products anymore. I finally left empty handed, because the pressure and rude antics of the sales team.
4	I have been using NXY for a few years now, but I have been shopping at Ulta for years. I love the rewards program they have, and the fact that they let my combine the two accounts I accidentally opened. I had even moved and forgot to change my address so the lady at the counter gave me a coupon. The NXY cosmetics are almost always buy one get one half off, which is amazing since it's already such a great price. I do wish they would keep their shelves stocked a bit more. Sometimes, especially during the sales, it's tough to find everything on your list; but i know I can get nearly all of my toiletries in one stop. They also carry and extensive selection of drug store as well as high end brands. All of the products I need to help me stay feeling beautiful are under one roof.  Make sure you sign up for the rewards program, you won't regret it.
3	Service: Top notch. Every time I've come in, someone has approached me within 5 minutes to help me find what I need. Selection: 3/5 This is their major downfall. They are often out of stock when it comes to popular items.They also discontinue items frequently. I've had multiple sales associates tell me that I can still find the items at Sephora. It is unfortunate that they have to steer customers to the competitor when they already have them through the doors. Ulta is my neighborhood cosmetics store when I run out of something that I would usually get at the department stores or Sephora. So basically it is my go to store in times of desperation and laziness. It is convenient, quick, and the service is great however due to their lack of selection I would still rather take my purchases elsewhere.
1	I went in to buy some Bare minerals and had hoped to get color matched for a new line of liquid makeup and despite the place crawling with not only regular associates but bare minerals associates touting their new product I was completely ignored. In fact all but pushed out of the way from someone doing a makeup consult on someone else. Now I don't blame her for not helping she was busy but not even a quick hi or can I get someone to help you nothing I stood there for ten minutes and got absolutely no help. This is not the first time I've had iffy service from this store but this was by far the worst.  The only good thing that happened was there was absolutely no line which was amazing considering every other time the line has been horrid.  So I think a little planning is due maybe I'll just start buying my makeup on line I get about the same amount of service.
1	I have been to this store 3 times and each time I have encountered the rudest personnel. This store is like the ghetto version of a Sephora. Today, I had a coupon for $3.50 off a $10 purchase. I bought foundation for $40 and a powder brush for $9.99. The coupon was not valid because my foundation was too expensive(?). It does not apply to "prestige" brands. And that makeup brush was a penny short! A penny! The clerk said, these coupons are only good for the stuff you can buy at Walmart. It literally makes zero sense. Spend $10 save $3.50, spend $50 save nothing. Why would I go to Ulta to purchase Walmart products when there's a Walmart in this strip mall? Their displays & testers are disgusting. They've all been damaged. I did browse the cheap section looking for a nail file and everything was a dirty mess. On a previous trip I went to check out colors of something I ordered directly from Benefit. When I told the clerk that, she immediately stopped helping me. As soon as they know you're not there to purchase anything, they can't run away fast enough. I did encounter a nice guy in the hair product dept. He was informative and he talked me into buying stuff that was actually cheaper than what I went in intending to buy. Everything I bought there can either be bought at Sephora or ordered on the internet. I won't be returning.
3	This is solely a review on the store, not the salon. Opportunities: --no floor staff. Every single time I go in, at least 3 or 4x/month, I have to chase someone down to help me. Is there an understaffing issue? It's also always a different time of day, different day of week when I'm in, --out of product often. Is this a high volume store? I feel like it should be, being in such a prestigious strip mall such as Arroyo Crossing. Thank goodness I call and ask if they have what I'm looking for before I go (50% of the time they don't), otherwise there is time and gas wasted. --never super crowded, which means never a super long line. That's self explanatory, but could also be a product of the above points Strengths: --people who are working at cashiers (which seem to be the only employees in store besides the salon) are very friendly! --relatively close to where I live and ample parking. These two points are very subjective. It's the Angeleno in me always worrying about parking. Bottom line: ULTA OPS ASK FOR MORE PRODUCT!! Thanks.
4	(Salon review): I needed a haircut so I made a last minute appointment with this salon. I was scheduled with Larry, who could not have been nicer. He cut my hair beautifully, I could tell he's a perfectionist, and he carried on a really pleasant conversation with me. I will definitely be returning to this location to see Larry.
4	What can I say? Ulta is great. The people are friendly and ready to assist you with anything. It's no Sephora but at LEAST it's not so busy that someone can't take the time to answer a few questions about some bizarre new product you've never heard of. After all, isn't that the fun of it? Finding a new product that transforms you from that girl just running a few errands to walking out feeling like a supermodel and an inch taller? My what a new eyeliner can do for a girl. The best thing about Ulta (IMO) is that they have a wide range a hairdryers from cheap to high end all plugged in on the back wall where you can try them out before you buy them.  Ulta may fall off my radar from time to time but when my hairdryer goes out, this is my GO TO spot.
1	This location is ALWAYS out of stock with the majority of their popular products. You would think they would figure out how to properly stock their store to maximize their sales, but that doesn't seem to be the case. Very disappointing.
1	If I could give this ulta no stars, I would. The African American supervisor/manager at checkout was extremely rude. Was on her headset while I was trying to ask her questions and when I finally got a chance to speak she was unknowledgable and unaware of sales. Everything was out of stock and when I tried to find a nude eyeliner one of the employees took me to one of the most expensive eyeliners. Found one on my own by NYX that was basically the same thing. All in all I wasn't satisfied with my shopping trip. Will be going to Sephora instead
1	I have never been a fan of ulta, but my wife likes nice things, so we decided to come here instead of sephora because it is closer. Big mistake. The store never has anything you need in stock. Ever! The staff is non existing if you have questions or need assistance, and the prices are horrible. You can't even use the coupons they send on 90% of the products they sell. Next time I will just take the wife to sephora.
3	There's not much to say about this place that hasn't been said.This make-up store lacks it's #1 product which is MAKE UP. I've visited this store several times recently and they are all out of stock on a lot of their make-up. It makes me quite sad actually =( Their lack of product as well as disorganization plays a big role into the rating. A lot of their product is misplaced and certain areas aren't on the "cleaner" end, if you know what I'm saying.The controversial part of this review is their customer service is pretty amazing. I went in here after dying my hair blonde to get some new eyebrow products. One of their associates spent her time with me selecting an eyebrow pencil (at the time) that would fit my needs as well as an under-eye concealer that would hide my nasty bags (and no I'm not taking about my shopping bags).Even with its lack of products and some what disorganization, I will still continue coming here just as long as they continue to sell Anatasia's products. PLUS it's the closest make-up store to me.
1	I usually don't give a bad review but spent four hours here today and my color still isn't right. Would have been better off buying it out of the box. Huge disappointment !!'
4	Its the day before Christmas and its only 9:30am and there is a long line in this store and not very many people working the registers. R they crazy its the day be4 Christmas every register should be moving everyone in and out the door. I will not recommend this store if u r in a hurry but if u have all day to stand in line this is ur store. Not for me bc I am in a hurry. Uggggg come on people really they only have 2 people working the registers and 15 billion ladies working the floor. Look everyone in the store is in line.
2	They never have anything at this store. I suggest you call in advance to make sure they have what you want but 90% of the time you'll be disappointed
