5	Walk through the door and immediately the sweet, spicy scents of flowers and greens envelops your senses. Fresh green earthy ferns, spiky AND soft cacti, terrariums filled with tiny worlds you'd love to explore in Tiny Alice form all crowd antique tables, shelves and hutches - a bounty of natural wonders there for sweet discovery. The walls teem with both strikingly colorful and softly demure wreaths and wall accents. One glass topped and fronted case has huge jars of the most wonderful potpourri that you can scoop to your heart's content....just imagining your bedroom, living room, your entire home smelling like a little piece of heaven. Then, just as you pass that glass case an open door and a secret garden beckons with wonders of green outside. Melodious chimes, gurgling water, wondrous plants that you are certain deserve special places under no less than the glass roofs of Phipps Conservatory. What a wonderful respite from the rush and noise of the Strip....a quiet oasis. Thanks, Roxanne. Well done.
4	Imagine a dreamy, Anthropologie-feeling store filled with dried flowers -- and that would be Roxanne's! I love wandering through this beautifully filled and merchandised space. They carry dried flowers, candles, lighting, and garden decor. Sadly, the reason I can only give this store four stores is because it is very pricey... Perfect place to ask for a Christmas present from!
5	I adore Roxanne's! There are so many beautiful arrangements and terrariums, and a great variety of live plants inside and out. You can also find lovely home decor in the form of side tables and such. On that note, I have even purchased an ethically made dress here! The employees are always a pleasure to chat with, and prices are reasonable for the quality you get. Even if you're not in the market for any of the aforementioned, stop in here and fulfill your senses.
5	Awesome little home decor shop in Pittsburg.  We stumbled upon this place while exploring the city.  I posted some pictures for you to check out.  They have a great selection even though it's not a massive store.  People are friendly and well trained to help you find whatever you are looking for.
5	J'adore this store!!!  So beautiful and filled with many inspiration pieces. Very much on the pricey side, but a check online shows me that their stock is not too overpriced. This is def a room in heaven. :)
4	If I were very wealthy every room in my home would have a wreath from Roxanne's.When you walk into this store it almost feels like you're transported.  I dont know where--it's just very cool and pretty inside.Lately I've been giving terrariums as gifts and everyone LOVES them.  Terrariums make a pretty cool gift, and I get them all at Roxanne's.  They have a good assortment of plants and the people who work there are very friendly and helpful.
