4	We tried this restaurant on a whim and am I ever glad we did. It's set right in front of Polar Ice skating rink by the Peoria Sports complex and is easy to miss. But don't drive right on by. You'll be missing some of the best thin crust pizza in the Valley. I love green olives on my pizza and few to no places in the Valley offer them. But this restaurant does!!! The crust was crispy without being over done and the toppings were tasty. Our server was very attentive and friendly without being overbearing. We'll definitely be back!!
5	Excellent pizza and wings!
5	The very BEST pizza and lasagna I have had. The ambience is great and Tony Cort owner and Fabio chef make you  welcome. Dont hesitate to come and enjoy the best Italian food you ever had.
4	Best pizza that we've had in a long time! Prime pizza brought the excitement back in pizza night. We went there this past Sunday to watch the game and are so happy we did. They have great thin crust pizza. We are going back for seconds tonight.
5	Best Pizza in NW valley Phoenix. Thin crispy pizza is awesome. Pretty good happy hour too. Had some other items on the menu that were good too. Friendly wait staff.
5	Excellent food and service.
2	Visited this restaurant while taking in some Spring Training in the area and based on the positive reviews listed here on Yelp. I was a little disappointed by the service and the mediocre fare.First, I'll say that my visit was on a Saturday evening, and there seemed to be a large group occupying a number of the tables.  We were greeted by someone that appeared to be the owner and pointed in a direction toward a table. Several of the wait staff passed by our table over the next 15 mins or so until the owner came by again and asked if we had been taken care of yet. We told him "no" and he replied that he would send someone over. A female server was speaking to another table when one of the other guests pointed out to her that we had not been helped yet, so she came over and took our drink order which consisted only of sodas and water. That was the last we saw of her for another 15 mins or so until she returned with the drinks and told we could have some more time to decide on our order as she walked away.We we mildly entertained by a live duo playing music that seemed a little too loud for the smallish venue. At one point, each of the players were sound-checking themselves throughout the restaurant and the management then asked if they could turn the volume down a little.The place was beginning to thin out and we had not had our order taken  yet. The owner again passed the table and asked if we were taken care of and then apologized saying that we would soon be "back on track". Our server returned to take our order of spaghetti, lasagna and a meatball plate with some garlic bread to start as an appetizer, which we thought might be some fairly easily prepared dishes that might speed up our wait time.  We were wrong. After a long delay, our garlic bread arrived along with a few plates and a stack of utensils which our server quickly left and again departed.  More time passed and we finally received our main course which I can say was "okay" at best. A little bland, and none of us finished all of the food on our plates. Honestly, because of the very good reviews listed here on Yelp, I had anticipated a nice meal but can tell you that we left disappointed. Service was sparse, food was ok but we will likely not be visiting this establishment again.
3	I went there for dinner with my son a few weeks ago. We were the only people in there, but then again it was a Thursday at 8:30pm. We both ordered the "Italian" and were very pleased. nice touch serving it on a baguette instead of the tradition hero breads. One thing could be improved. Potato chips as a side? Come on, figure out something else. There were several employee's eating a pizza at the counter. It looked good and we plan on returning to try their pizza's soon.
4	I've been here several times and I've always had great service.The food is excellent and the atmosphere is great. I like that you can go here casually or even on  a date.The pizza is good, but not the best. Their appetizers are really good and they have a pretty extensive list of wines and alcohols.
3	This place was a decent choice for the Arrowhead area.  Wasn't a chain with a modern/contemporary look offering a decent food menu.  However, the problem with this restaurant was the location, not very visible from the road and not near any other restauarants and bars.  I'm sure this is the reason that the place is now closed.  Good idea, just the wrong spot for the area.
1	Looks like this place went out of business.  Website has expired and doors look locked up.
