1	Came in to have glasses repaired.  Ended up with cosmetic damage on the exterior of the frames.  These are $600 frames.  Repair tech offered $10 off, but frames are still damaged.  Did not make the customer whole after ruining the cosmetics of the frame.   Will not repeat business here.  Beware of the condition of your sunglasses before you drop them off...they will surely come out in a much different condition after they are "fixed."
5	Super friendly and attentive to the small things. Had frames repaired months ago. Went back in because a different screw came loose. The same gentleman replaced it for free and tightened up all the other screws. I know it's a small thing but most places these days would fix what they have to and move on but I really appreciated the little extra time it took to make sure I was taken care of.
5	Replaced the screws in my glasses in less than 10 minutes. $10.0090 day guarantee.
5	I had two pair of RayBan sunglasses that needed to be fixed.  The first pair had bent frames which the gentleman fixed within a minute.  The next pair had bent frames and a cracked lens.  All my options were explained to me without any sales pressure.  I had lots of questions about polarized replacements and color options.  The sales person patiently explained all the details and allowed me to try the lenses available.  Clearly, this is a place where they are the experts in the service they provide, they are friendly, and they provide a great value if you want to get your glasses fixed instead of replacing them.
1	Horrible. Tried to charge us $50 for a small fix and when we didn't want to pay that and started to leave screamed and insulted us. Don't go to this place, it is a rip off and the help is the rudest I have ever come across.
5	Fast! Repaired three mangled pairs of glasses in under 10 minutes for under $20. Great service and super fast!
5	I am at that age where glasses are now needed!:( Aki made everything a breeze. Eye exam, frames, lenses as well as taking the time to educate me on what the different lenses and frames were and how they affect me personally!:)
5	Thank you, Aki and All American Eyeglass Repair, for saving the day and repairing my sunglasses today!A couple of weeks back, I was super bummed when my eye doctor's office told me that they couldn't repair my broken glasses.  They said that due to the material of my glasses and the way that they broke, there wasn't anything they could do.  They referred me to AAER, but since my glasses were still wearable at that point, I just put the card in my glove compartment and kept wearing my broken sunglasses.Embarrassing? Yes, but at least I could see... (my sunglasses are prescription).  Unfortunately, however, the aforementioned glasses really broke over the weekend.  One of the sides literally fell off.  I could no longer try to make my glasses work!  Lucky for me though, I pulled out the AAER card and made my way there today.This tiny unassuming one man shop blew me away... Aki was working and quoted me $64 to fix my glasses.  I know, it's expensive, but hey, they were expensive glasses to begin with, and $64 is much cheaper than buying a brand new pair.  He told me he would have them fixed within the hour and he did!My glasses were not only fixed, but they were tightened and cleaned up... pretty much as good as new!  The future's so bright, I gotta wear shades... I know it's a song, but it's spot on for how I felt in my fixed up glasses.Needless to say, if you need eyeglass repair of any kind, this is the place to go!
5	Highly recommend. Courteous and direct. Very reasonable prices. Two sunglasses repaired - Maui Jim sport (tightened screws so glasses did not slip and sat higher), and my Versace sunglasses I don't recall the name of (replaced a missing screw that caused left arm to fall off). Don't waste your time at seedy repair stores - this location is fantastic.
5	Quick and knowledgeable service.  I have frameless glasses, the stem connectors of both sides came off over time.  Aki put in extra strong screws and posts.  I need to be careful with them, as one needs to with all frameless glasses, but the connections feel very secure.
