5	I have used Turn It On Electric for some projects around my home and have found them to be extremely honest, reliable and priced very fairly.  Highly recommend them to anyone
5	Chad has helped me walk through the easy tasks over the phone and has had his guys come out to work at my house for things I wasn't comfortable with. they are all professional, showed up early, and were very professional. I was impressed!
5	As a single mother, I have to admit that I sometimes need help with household fixes. Over the years, Turn It On Electric has been my go-to company for those "honey do" things. They have done rewiring, installation of lights, updates of switches, and even some troubleshooting on the electrical components of my pool pump. Without hesitation, I would recommend Turn It On to anyone.
5	Turn It On Electric are pro's. One of the things I look for in any tradesman is neat work. I don't like sloppy wiring, crooked wall switches or little bits of wire all over the place. These guys make sure the job is complete. On top of that they are really knowledgeable and want to do it right. I had Chad take a look at my breaker box which was making some weird noises. There were things in there not done right from years ago, loose connections and code violations. I could have had a fire. Now I have peace of mind that the whole thing has been checked and it's done right.
5	When we remodeled our home three years ago, the contractor we used was an idiot. He has wired a number of things incorrectly in our home. I knew Chad trhough a few business groups. I called Turn It On Electric and he sent some real pros over. They diagnosed rapidly the confusing wiring in my home, made the repairs quickly and locked up when they left.I have since used their company a number of times and they have always been responsive and fair.Thanks Chad!
5	Chad has done work for me at home and at the office; he was always on time...very professional; always did more than I asked and for some strange reason charged me less than I figured it would cost.  What a GREAT SURPRISE!I trust his judgement and his ethics implicity.  Thanks Chad!Dr Stephen DoholisPhoenix AZ
5	Scott was on time and profesional. Was able to find the problem and repair it in a timely manor. Thanks to the Yelpers for steering me to this company.
5	Chad and his crew are excellent!! Always prompt, great rates, and gets the job done!  I have been using TIO for several years now and they have completed work for me personally at my office by adding more drops and even network wiring as well as many of our property management clients.  I plan to continue to use Turn It On for all of our electrical needs, in our property management department, and will continue to refer Chad to resale clients .
5	Turn It On Electric has always taken good care of me and my business.  Ed was out today and got our lighting issue fixed in no time.  He was professional, friendly and courteous......you can't ask for much more.
1	First let me say the TIO responded to my voice mail quickly and the technician that was sent to my home was knowledgeable, professional and friendly. That being said...A little background story, wiring to in-ground swimming pool had a dead short underground somewhere. Needed to be re-wired. TIO Technician diagnosed the problem and provided an estimate to complete the work. Said they could help me out with a materials and time estimate.Two guys, approx. 10 hours, plus materials (approx. $800-$900). Total estimate was $2000 but was told it would probably be closer to $1700 and change when complete.Had 2 other electricians estimate the same project, both were within a few dollars of each other, $825-$850 range. Had the work completed over the weekend. Materials were estimated at $484, were actually $70 less expensive1 man working, 6.5-7  hours @ $20 per hour for a total $140Paid for the materials, time, and tip, total...$700!Moral, do your homework. I saved at least $1000. Thanks again to TIO for "helping me out" with the estimate.
5	This is the second time that I have used Turn It On Electric.  The first was for a client of mine, I had the listing.  This time was on my personal home.  Both times TIO was on time, very professional and explained everything that needed to be done.  I highly recommend this company!Chris Zubrycki - RE/MAX ProfessionalsAssociate Broker
5	Sun City house needed to replace kitchen light, install a box for it and wire in a new outlet in the pantry for a small freezer. We got a quick response to our voice mail and set up an appt. Scott called prior to arrival time and was very professional. We will definitely use TIO in the future. The job turned harder than expected because of a 1972 house. Price was very reasonable and he answered any question we had. Thx.
5	Scot Germroth and his assistant Jose, from Turn It On Electric did an excellent job, at our business. They changed out 22 can lights. Scot was very organized, very professional, and very nice to work with. He kept cleaning up, as he went along.He explained what was wrong with the old can lights, that they can to replace.I would highly recommend them.
5	Turn It On Electric has a great reputation so I used them to change an outlet in my office in a multi-story class A professional building. From first phone call to completed job everything was prompt, professional and responsive. Everything was as expected (fixed even faster then I thought) Will definitely use them again when needed and recommend!Julie-Voit Real Estate
5	After reviewing this company on Yelp and BBB we are absolutely satisfied that we chose TIO Electric to serve our residential electrical needs.  The level of professionalism and attention to detail that we received from Dave and Shawn exceeded every expectation.  We strive to deal with local companies and as a result of such excellent customer service, we are now committed TIO customers.  This was an outstanding experience that we would gladly recommend to anyone!
5	These guys are great to work with.  Easy to communicate with and get an appointment.  They were on time.  I had a bunch of small electrical issues for them to work on, and they get them all done quickly and well.  Thanks for great service!
5	Great company to work with. We were quoted an accurate price up front. They were on time and did the work in a clean and professional manner. The technician was  personable and communicated everything he was doing with me. I will work with them in the future.Tom A.
1	Horrible customer service!  Called for an estimate over a week ago, they said they would be out the next day between 12-2pm, I'm still waiting for them to show up or at least call!!  Apparently they have enough money and don't need mine.
