4	I've always been a fan of antique stores just due to the variety of things you can find.  You never know what might turn up when digging around in a store like this.  This particular store has a lot to offer.  All kinds of rare pieces are just waiting to be discovered.  The staff is friendly and can help you locate just about anything.
3	I'm sure, if I had had a few more hours to dedicate to the task I could have found something for which I was willing to lay down some scratch at Fifteen Ten, but I'm also fairly sure, if given the chance to check their entire inventory I would have found Amelia Earhart. What is already a deceptively large store is jam packed with bricabrac, tchotchkes, glassware, furniture, jewelry, purses, records, books, and wall art. The problem is that much of their massive collection isn't sorted or displayed in a way that allows you to see or sort through it. I know that the hunt is part of the antiquing adventure, but as anyone with a messy house knows, too much disarray is just overwhelming.I stopped in during their winter sale which meant that nearly everything was half off. Even so, many of the prices seemed a bit high. There is a discount section in the back but large portions of it were literally a massive pile due to the lack of real estate. As it is, i spent the better part of an hour wandering around and found nothing that I had to have. If i had another Sunday afternoon to burn a in a month or two I might pop back in to check out what is new (or newly uncovered).
4	Although it took me a few trips to warm up to the place and get a grip on the mass amount of inventory they have stuffed in there, it is now my go to around town. I have to admit phoning for information can sometimes be daunting as the voice on the other end doesn't always sound as happy as you'd like it to, but once I'm there I always get the customer service I need. Yes, you can go in and barely get more than a hello your whole visit, but the times I have asked for something specific I get a wealth of information from Tim(?) as well as a good amount of help, making calls and even holding pieces of interest for me that were coming in. They've had a store-wide 50% off sale going on for a few months now, and the amount of clutter has definitely been reduced (though the super discounted area in the back would still take days to sort through on its own). They have a really good mix of items; lots of glassware and serving dishes, a nice selection of furniture, both cased and tangled masses of jewelry, and the amount of lamps and mirrors/frames make this place bulge at the seams. Be ready to crouch, reach, rearrange, and dig because the stuff is everywhere, packed into every thinkable "storage" area. I would suggest that if you are a woman who likes to carry a large purse around with you while you shop like I do, leave it in the car. I usually try to stuff keys and necessary credit cards/cash in my pockets before I walk in there because sometimes the walkways are a little too narrow and a purse swinging around is the last thing you want to have to worry about (and you don't even want to attempt trying to pass someone).Also, give yourself a bit more time than you think you'll need in there. If a certain jenga-stacked display of dishes/glassware doesn't suck me in another patron usually strikes up an extensive conversation with me, and I've noticed I'm not the only one that this happens to. If you can, go around 3 or 4 on a weekday, the place is dead and is a lot more maneuverable than on the weekends.
3	Tonight on Hoarders...Ok, I'm only halfway kidding, but jeez, is this place packed full or what? I think my main issue is organization- it could be quite easy to lose yourself in here for a few hours, because you're never really quite sure if you've seen ALL the tiny little corners with 5 vinyl records stuffed under an antique tea set or not. Even if you do see something cool, it's probably out of arm's reach and you're probably not supposed to climb on the furniture to get it.I love antique stores and absolutely thrive on looking at other people's junk and imagining who used to own it, but OCD takes over in here. I find myself so frustrated with the fact that I'll never be able to actually see even half of everything that I just move on unsatisfied. I have definitely found and bought cool stuff here, but mostly it just gives me anxiety. I can guarantee that you will find something you need in here, if  you have the patience to roll up your sleeves and hunt for it.
3	Smells like old people, obviously. You get used to the smell after a minute, however. This place is a fun place to visit and joke around if you're in the right mood and/or state of mind. You might actually find some good stuff here if you look closely, but that good stuff is likely to be pricey. The vinyl section is bad. Way bad. It's only good for a few laughs and derision at whoever would have purchased such stuff in the first place. Fun for a lark, and you might find a nice piece of furniture, but I'm not certain you'll find deals...?
