2	Somewhere between 2 and 3 stars. The PROS:Nice pool, especially in the summer. Nice location: not far from all the Phoenix hubbub, but not too close. Got some good trail heads not far from here if you like hiking. The interior is decent, and the appliances are nice. The gate is a good thing, and I like the double bolts on the doors. The gym facility is also much better than any other complex I have been to, which saves me some $$ on a membership.The CONS:Noise! I sleep with earplugs at night because if you have decent hearing you'll be able to hear a lot of what your neighbors do: doors open and close, drawers slide, etc. The worst is that the front doors slam if you let them, which a lot of people do. This will noticeably shake your apartment from the force. I have sent emails to the management to ask about it, but nothing has changed and their responses are few. The walls seem somewhat thin, so any noise outside from kids, construction (which is currently ongoing), etc. is audible.IF YOU ARE TOURING:Make sure you run the shower or flush the toilet in the MBR. The water heater is RIGHT next to our MBR, and it makes a loud clicking sound when pumping water. If you have a spouse in bed while you take a shower, they'll likely be woken up by the heater.It's a nice place to live, and would be nicer if the neighbors were in any way considerate regarding noise. If you luck out and get good neighbors (and don't mind the high rent), then it'll qualify as a luxury apartment. But if not, be aware of both pros and cons.
4	Location - 5 stars. I chose San Norterra for it's location. I wanted something that was close to my friends and places I regularly visit but also somewhere quiet and peaceful. Ambiance - 3 stars. For the most part this is really a very quiet and peaceful place to live minus the usual noisy neighbors that like to abuse the 24 hour pool by discussing the personal & intimate aspects of their life at 1 in the morning loud enough for all the apartments by the pool to hear (seriously people? I didn't want to hear that about you!). There's also the issue of the auto-closing apartment front doors which probably should have had a mechanism added to the spring so that when the door does close it doesn't slam shut with enough force to rattle the whole side of the building. One would think that people would be courteous to those living around them and not let their door slam every time they open it but hey guess that's just wishful thinking.Amenities - 3 1/2 stars. The 24 hour heated pool/spa is nice  and big with 2 gas fire pits, numerous tv's under the patio and a large bar area that includes a sink. I know they label this as an entertaining space so it would've been nice if they had put a grill in the pool area so you could cook for those you are entertaining, but I guess walking down the sidewalk a little ways will have to do. There's a volleyball area as well by the pool, lots of lounge chairs, gazebos and top 40 mix of music that is played. The gym is full of brand new equipment that is hardly ever used and I never see more than 3 people in there at a time. There is a community center with another fire pit and lots of seating as well. There's a small playground in the far East side of the complex too. There should be another playground by the pool but that's just my opinion. I would've given them a higher rating if they had a dog run area and tennis courts.Apartment - 4 stars. I chose the top floor pool view 2 bedroom apartment. The vinyl wood floors are a beautiful dark stain and compliment the cabinets and granite counters nicely. I really like how they put the granite counters in the bathrooms as well instead of that cheap looking marble that you see everywhere else. Carpet is a little nicer but still basic apartment carpet. Kitchen - I want to have a talk with the person who picked the stove. Who's genius idea was it to put a large burner on the back of the cooktop and the smallest burner on the front? Large pots/pans can't even fit correctly on the back burner..grr anyway, I wish they would've done an under-mount sink since they did granite as it would've looked much more luxurious and that the pullout drawers had stronger supports but overall it's a very nice kitchen with lots of storage. There is a laundry room right off the kitchen with a full sized washer and dryer too. Bathrooms - lots of storage again, wish the master would've had a tiny bit bigger shower but it gets the job done. Bedrooms - nicely size (I have a 4 poster canopy king sized bed with a full dresser and a hope chest in the master and my daughter has a full sized bed, dresser and a ton of toys in her room) with decent sized walk-in closets. I'm also renting a storage space ($80) which was surprisingly big and a garage ($140) which has room for a small car and some storage space as well. Management - they're very friendly and quick to resolve any problems/questions that pop up. Yes for the price I'm paying (almost $1400) I could afford a nice sized house in the area but overall I enjoy my maintenance free living with my pool/mountain views as well as some friendly neighbors and recommend this place to a lot of people.
5	I have lived here since the end of march and love everything so far... Grounds are kept beautifully .. Everyone that works here is super nice too
