1	Service is always bad. Management not friendly.
3	Pretty good location.....clean....not very busy during the times I have visited. The customer service could be better....and the place could use a little pick me up so to speak...but all in all it's close to my apt. when I need a KFC fix.
1	Worse KFC ever!!! Drive through takes forever they only do one car at a time a each car takes about 5-6 minutes. Service is horrible. The inside is filthy. And there phone is disconnected so you can call to complain. Today they have someone who has a very strong accent over a horrible speaker so you can't understand anything she says. Don't waste your time as it will take a lot of it if you do.
1	Not too sure of their menu in the drive thru, we decided on a 4 piece meal with 2 sidesfor my friend and I.  $7.49 plus $1 extra for one being a breast comes out to about $10 total.  I get the stuff, get home and ready for our meal, and there is 2 pieces of chicken.  I called the store.  They kid told me they asked the girl that packed it --- and she said she packed it right.  (Uh...no, cause we're looking at 2 pieces of chicken)...I disputed that as did my friend next to me, and he said there was nothing they could do for me.  I asked him to credit my card so as not to drive back 6 miles for 2 pieces of chicken, he said he wouldn't.  He would have the manager call me next day.  Manager doesn't call me and basically KFC just screws you--without remorse.  My suggestion is check your order if you go there, it's probably not right, and they won't care if it's not.Value...BAD...I could have bought 2 roasted chickens for the price, and I didn't like being treated at 61, like I'm out to "take" KFC for 2 pieces of chicken that I didn't already pay for.In my business if a customer complained they were shorted, I made it right, right away...it's not worth the bad will to turn away a customer.So the morale....Count your chickens from KFC...they don't.
4	I love KFC. Anyone who left stars less than 4 has to lower their expectations. It's KFC!! Pot pie was awesome. It more expensive than most fast food but still good once in awhile. This review is shorter than most but then again so am I. Lol
3	Standard KFC fare. Establishment was very clean, the staff was prompt and nice. No welcome however, and was not spoken to, even when awaiting help, until approaching the register. Food was good, although the portions seemed to have gotten smaller over the years.
1	This is the absolute worst KFC I've ever been to.  My wife found a thick, black hair in her cole slaw.  She was the only person who opened it and ate any. She has thin red hair.She called the KFC manager and the first words out of her mouth were "NO ONE HERE HAS BLACK CURLY HAIR!"  The hair wasn't "curly", it was just sort of wavy.This so-called "manager" refused to do anything unless my wife personally brought the hair back to the store!Not to worry...we love KFC, but we will not be going back to this flthy store with the rude manager for any reason! If this is a company-owned store, KFC is falling down on the job by having staff like this.
