3	Being from New York I take Chinese food very serious and had been on a hunt to find somewhere that has good lo mein and I will have to say this place has some really solid dishes the shrimp with vegetables is really good, spring rolls are good, beef and broccoli, and of course the lo mein
4	I very much second Lee Ann's experience. Being from NY it was very difficult to find anything here in the south I could even call "Chinese food'. Than I stumbled across Hong Kong, not much to look at outside or in, but don't let that fool you. Very solid basic dishes.Just be careful to see who is cooking. One time out of many that I have been here the girl who normally takes the orders ending up cooking my food and boy could I tell the difference. It was terrible compared to previous visits but still on par with most Charlotte Chinese.
4	Everyone should have a go-to Chinese takeout restaurant. That place that is stored in your phone and whose menu you don't need to be able to order. Hong Kong is mine.Do not expect atmosphere (or even tables of any kind). Do not expect frills. Do not expect fortune cookies with your takeout (which does seem a bit stingy to me, but you know what I can overlook it). Just expect tasty food and friendly staff (even if the girl who took my order last time did look like she wasn't out of elementary school).I am a huge fan of the Beef w/Garlic Sauce combination dinner. It comes with an egg roll, which is never overly greasy and always has a nice balance of cabbage and non-cabbage fillings. The fried rice is good, though not exceptional, and the beef is joined by an assortment of peppers, baby corn, carrot, celery, mushrooms and probably some other veggies I can't remember. It is listed on the menu as hot and spicy but don't believe it.Did I mention that I get three dinners out of one order? Now that's value, my friend. Tasty, tasty value.
4	Nothing fancy; large portions, inexpensive, and good stuff!
3	I think that it's safe to say that every good neighborhood has a quick and reasonably priced Chinese take- out restaurant. I use the term "restaurant" lightly. Your options for dine- in or take-out are limited to take- out considering there are no tables inside. This was refreshingly not a surprise to me. Sometimes simplicity is the most effective approach. One thing thats gets me is how most Chinese restaurants have that cheesy picture menu that looks like it's from the 80's, this place included. Either way, I had the chicken n broccoli. The portion was spot on for the price and they didn't skimp on the broccoli, nor the chicken. I will definitely be going back to satisfy that Chinese craving. Oh, and I also noticed that they close at 11pm on the weekdays which is cool.
1	I really hate to do this, because I was personally this restaurants biggest advocate. Telling as many people as I could about this great little hole in the wall.Long story short, drove by one afternoon, 3-4 CMPD outside. They were then closed for a few days. Went in the day I noticed they were re-opened.No familiar faces, the cute girl at the counter who always knew what I wanted was gone, and so was the quality of food.Gave them the benefit of the doubt to get on their feet, but it never happened.Returned 4 separate times always hoping it would go back to being great. Sub-par ingredients, all the sauces now taste almost exactly the same. It is a real shame.Now I have to find a new go-to take out place!! So Sorry!
1	Craving Chinese food that day but Hong Kong turned out to be a BAD idea.My husband brought home my shrimp fried rice, usually a tried and true meal.The shrimp was good. The rice looked like it had been cooked in mud, the day before. The onions tasted fresh.No need to waste our money on this place again.
2	I should have consulted yelp prior to my visit here Friday. I still haven't found a really great Chinese-American take-out place in Charlotte yet. (So if you know of one please do share).I went with my sesame chicken extra-crispy with rice. You can not switch noodles for rice without incurring an up-charge. Ordering on the phone was a task...I always feel bad when I find myself asking someone to repeat themselves more than once. Overall the pieces of chicken were crisp (reason for two stars) but super small. The sauce flavor was a little off to me too. The rice which was much more plentiful than the chicken,  tasted ok but  was too overloaded with onion. I did like the flavor of the egg roll but it was overly greasy...almost wet. It just seemed like everything was not quite good. This is a take-out venue only ...and I feel so badly for the people working there as there was obviously no AC, it was HOT. Even my hungry bf who snagged my leftovers commented on the bad Chinese food. This won't be our go-to.
1	So disappointed..... Ever since the new management took over. The employees attitude is so negative. Food isn't as good as it used to be either.
1	One word: Salmonella.
1	I ate it and I didn't die. I'm so happy to say these words. What more can you say about greasy rice and cogulated 'brown' sauce?
4	I usually hate little Chinese places like this, but Hong Kong surprised me.  I ordered the chicken lo mein, extra spicy, and it was by far the spiciest I've had anywhere!  Really good- my only other favorite lo mein place is Mama Fu's, but this is less than half the price.  Great if you're in the area and looking for something quick to pick up.  It's a ton of food too.  My husband loves the wonton soup and the dumplings, he gets those every time as well.
