2	Often the little hole in the wall restaurants have some of the best food.  That is not the case here.  And it smells funny.  Not funny ha-ha, funny raw meat, slaughter house funny.The tamales were nothing special and they too smelled funny.  I'm sure there is better Mexican food to be found in Casa Grande.  That doesn't smell funny.  Ha-ha or strange.
5	I never get tired of this place! I am originally from Casa Grande and WHENEVER I get down there to visit I ALWAYS get my Lil Sombrero!! This is a small family owned business that has been around over 50 years and is just classic. Don't let the old look fool you. I guarantee you will not be disappointed!!
4	Little Som B is a Casa Grande staple.  Yes, it looks like an old gas station.  Yes, you have to sit outside when it is 115 degrees.   Yes, the misters are terrible and will only soak your shirt.  Yes, I will keep coming back.  I often order the taco with shredded beef and extra cheese and a cheese crisp.  It is fantastic.  It is the real deal Mexican food not a stripped down American version.Bring your appetite and cash, no debit or credit cards allowed, and make sure to leave your "why am I buying this through a small window it must be terrible" mentality behind.
5	40+ years in business at the same location can give you an idea how consistently fresh and delicious the food is. You won't be disappointed so go and try the whole menu!
5	Been eating here since before I was old enough to pronounce "cheese crisp"!  Whenever I visit family in Arizona I always have to stop at this gem of Casa Grande.  Call ahead and go through the "drive through".  There are tables to eat out front, but most people get take out.
5	This place has been at the same location for maybe 40 plus years... That has to account for something and it does. The food is delicious and inexpensive. Try everything on the menu and find what tickles your fancy. The American side of the menu can give any burger joint a run for there money. Just plain awesomeness!!! Viva bean burrito enchilada style!!
1	My husband and I decided to try Little Sombrero for lunch a few days ago, because both of us love Mexican food (burritos are probably my husby's favorite meal). We were not expecting anything much, and sadly, we got even less than we were expecting. I should have known something was wrong when they didn't have carne asada or pico de gallo, but we were hungry, so we gave it a chance.Both of us ordered burritos. I ordered mine with a lot of extra stuff on it, because I love taste and spice (I had a chicken burrito with green chile sauce, tomatoes, cheese, beans, lettuce, and sour cream). I asked for pico de gallo, but they didn't have it. My husband got a regular chicken burrito. He asked for guacamole, but they forgot it. Everything was BLAND, BLAND, BLAND! Although I could see the green chile sauce, it didn't taste like anything. The chicken was tasteless, the tortilla was soggy. All of the ingredients tasted like someone went to Walmart, bought a bunch of bulk canned food off the bottom shelf, and then slapped it into a factory tortilla without adding any kind of flavoring, not even salt. Absolutely disgusting. I've eaten better hospital food.We paid $13 for a plate I took home and fed to the dog. We will definitely not be back.
5	I think Jim W. is too interested in getting a "funny" rating and not so much rating the establishment itself.  What everyone ELSE is saying is true.  It IS like finding a Honus Wagner in a vintage cigar box.   Once the box is opened and the treasure is found...you WILL keep coming back no matter how splintery the benches are...how hot it is...or how informal it is.  The Bean Burro Enchilada Style is INSAAAAAANE!!  :)
5	Oh Little Some B!!!!! The first love of my life! Nothing has changed, since I was 4 years old. The grey trash cans, the brown plastic trays....the green awning....LSB is a CG staple. I always get the ground beef taco (crisp) with extra cheese, side of beans, and a cheese crisp. It will rock your world! Take it from a CG native. You can't go wrong. The best Mexican food that ever was!
5	Love the owners. Excellent food and fast.   Great prices
5	I have been coming here since High School love the food
5	Lobe the food I always get a deep fried bean burrito enchilada style. I also love the crunchy tacos and chicken enchiladas. The guy is so nice when I go. Always cutting up.
4	Very authentic mexican food! Great smothered buritto and friendly staff. We always take it home to eat because the outside seating is not that nice.
5	Visitors looking for authentic Mexican food should visit Little Sombrero with outdoor picnic tables or Ricardo's with indoor seating. Both are fantastic!
5	The best green chili burrito on this planet.  Went to the old Casa Grande Union High School - graduated in 1979, and ate at this place at least 3-4 times per week. I live in Vegas now, but when I'm in Casa Grande, I have to stop by and get my green chili burrito and cherry sprite fix. Pure heaven. Now for the non-initiated. The place is a dive. You can order from the walk-up window or drive up. Since there are cattle feed yards all over Pinal County - there are lots of flies. I don't care where you are in this county - there are tons of flies. So be warned. If you eat at the picnic tables, the flies will find you. Plus, at times, transients from the nearby park wander around, asking for handouts. So, if flies and transients bother you, use the drive up window. But, by all means, if you're in the area - you definitely need to try their green chili burrito's. You will not be disappointed.
4	I Took the Yelper advice and ordered green chile burro enchilada style. It was good!
2	I was craving some Mexican food last night and looked up yelp for some places. That's when I looked arund for Little Sombrero and followed fellow yelper's advice and ordered the green chile burrito.    The service was pretty fast, I think they might have precooked the burrito because I didn't see anyone making anything and BAM, my burrito showed up at the window. It costed 5 something for a fairly sloppy burrito that was wrapped very loosely and had what I think was cheese ooze out from every angle so I had to use a fork and knife.    The burrito itself was just OK. I'm not sure what constitutes as "green chile" but it was plain enough to warrant more salsa than I was given. Maybe I have been spoiled by San Diego's plethora of Mexican food and giant carne asada and shrimp burritos. And where was the guac?
4	While you'd think sitting just off the main road - as in 10 feet - would detract, it somehow added to the allure of Little Sombrero.  The tamale was a top five ever.
1	Well first of all when you offer a chili verde burro of any color I'd hope it would at least have flavor I even tryed to spice it up a bit with the salsa they have to offer lets just say this is the second worst place I've ever had a burrito this bad first being a hole in the wall place located in marfa tx. That being said I noticed a Filibertos on my way to the little sombrero, next time ill be sure not to pass it up
3	Pretty decent fare. I ordered their special which includes a beef taco, cheese enchilada, tamale, and refried beans for about $7, pretty good deal, however soft drinks are extra and extremely overpriced so I paid about $10. The meal was decent, I'd come back if a friend wanted to eat here, but I really wish I would have shelled the extra $5 and went to the Macayo's down the road.
5	I was weaned on this place & every time I visit CG I come straight. here! Green chili cheeses crisp, bean burrito enchilada style SO GOOD!!! Green & red chili burritos are also super super delish.
5	Me & two colleagues were starving as we were driving from Phoenix to Tucson. One of them was not going to make it so we stopped off in the town of Casa Grande. We drove around about 15 minutes before we found a restaurant. One of my colleagues was in the mood for authentic Mexican so this place caught his eye. Its a takeout joint that has a window that separates you and the kitchen that has the old school benches in the front to heat on a hot ass Arizona day. they have sprinklers up above that cool you off which is nice as it was 100 degrees out. They gave us a sample plate of all their meats and they all were delicious. I decided to go with the shredded chicken burrito as I figured it would be the safe route to go. The burrito was juicy and delicious and hit the spot. They had a really nice fruit punch to go with it as well. The man and woman (I presume to be owners) were very nice and accommodating to us. They seemed very happy to be serving a couple of out of towners. Good people, good service and good food
4	pretty good food descent for Casa grande!! Haven't had too much luck finding good Mexican food like they have in California ! But this place was descent !! We ordered to go and they gave us s food in a card board box thought it was pretty funny! Hate that they only take cad but other than that it's a good place....
5	Love this place!! Bean burro enchilada style is my favorite! Can't go wrong with a cheese crisp either! We have been coming here for years and always a great experience! Fast and friendly service
