2	This restaurant was recommended by our concierge on our first night and I have to say, I was disappointed.  My friend had the calamari and shrimp which was tasteless.  The escargot was not what it should taste like and was covered with oil and baked cheese.  I ordered a chicken dish with rice and salad which was also tasteless.  I do have to say at least the chicken was not dried.  But not a fan.
5	I like this branch of Cafe Republique for a quick dinner out, as I live in the neighborhood.My typical fare is either  the club sandwich, the salmon table d'hote, PEI mussels table d'hote or the poached salmon a la carte. A word on the mussels: one or two might need a remnant of beard pulled. My girlfriend often chooses between the veggie burger with cheeses on the side (excessive cheesiness problem solved) or one of their pastas.The pasta portions are very generous and the ones I tasted were very good. Their breakfasts are also very good value. A note on the escargots: the menu says "gratinees". Depending on the chef's interpretation of the term "gratin", there will be cheese.This location, among the several Republiques in town, has the best banana splits. The portions are larger and tastier. Have one.This Republique isn't as busy as I think it deserves to be, as it is a nice setting for dinner. For this reason the waiters will sometimes hang out at the bar. Can't fault them.I would really love this branch to have Leffe on tap. For the time being I have to settle for Boreale Rousse. If you're a Quebecer you understand my predicament.----- Update Aug 2010: They have one kind Leffe on tap. I am in Heaven and for the effort, here's your fifth Star!!-----
3	We were planning on going somewhere else to watch the World Cup finals but when we got there, it was completely packed.  So with 10 minutes left until the start, we happened to find some seats here to watch the match.  It wasn't packed but had a good crowd that looked mostly like locals, nomming away on food with a pint in hand.  The beer selection was fairly decent and the food options were extensive.  Having not eaten lunch, I was pretty peckish and so I ordered a plate of bruscetta which surprised me by having fresh tomatoes as its topping!  One of my companions had the fried calamari which was decent but had a wonderful dipping sauce which tasted highly of garlic (yum...garlic).I only saw 2 waitresses but they were handling the room quite well and our waitress was great at keeping our drinks full and making sure we were quite taken care of.  She even offered to bring our bill before the end of the game so that we wouldn't have to wait after the game when everyone was trying to get theirs in.
2	Great waitress. Blah food.
5	Following a long agony and what appeared to be a flood, this Cafe is no more. It shall be missed. CLOSED.
