4	Would have never even tried this place if it wasn't for restaurant.com and their $25 gift certificates for $10.  The coupon had a minimum purchase of $35, so we ordered a sashimi dinner for $20, a roll for $14, and a miso soup for $2.The sashimi dinner had 4 different types of fish, a spicy tuna roll, and a miso soup and a salad to start.  The roll we had was a Rock N Roll (tuna, salmon, white fish wrapped in cucumber, avocado & crab stick w/special sauce).  All of the fish was pretty average... not bad, but not great either.  The service was fantastic, though, as it is at a lot of sushi joints.  They were right on top of filling our water and getting our check, which I love.Yesterday was 09/09/09, and restaurant.com had a sale for 90% off, so I paid $1 for my $25 gift certificate.  After tax and a mandatory 18% gratuity, the total we paid at the restaurant was about $19.  So in essence, we fed two people sushi for $20.  If it wasn't for this deal, I don't know that I'd be back, but with this deal, I'll be back at least a couple more times.
4	I ate here for the first time on a Saturday night. The place was not busy, so we were seated quickly and given the option of sitting in a booth or at the bar.I did not try the sushi. I had the kalbi entree and my boyfriend had the teriyaki entree. Both entrees were accompanied with soup and salad. The main entrees were sizzling on a hot plate when they arrived. The presentation was awesome and the food was even better! For what you are paying, I think you might expect more food, especially since its the American way to have enormous entrees, but the amount of food was just right. But, to some, $15 should yield more food.For dessert, I had strawberry and mango mochi drizzled with chocolate. That was so delicious!The atmosphere was great. It was quiet and the interior design of the place was beautiful. They even had a TV near the bar that had football on. The best part about our experience here was the service! They were so attentive and nice. (Maybe because the place was pretty much empty on a Friday night?)
2	Ehhhh, I've eaten a lot of sushi in Las Vegas, this is painfully sub-par.I tried the kiss of fire roll and the kamikaze roll. Kiss of fire, if I recall correctly, is shrimp tempura, albacore, garlic ponzu sauce, jalapeno, crab. It was fine. Just fine. No great shakes, nothing that made me say, "wow, that's incredible."The kamikaze roll... the eel just didn't taste that fresh. Call me a snob, but for these prices I'd expect better quality. When you're paying $14ish a roll, I was just expecting better. I know it's not Nobu or Okada, but still... for the same prices, I'd 10000% rather go to Naked Fish or Oyshi. For all the sushi options in Las Vegas, Kan Pai doesn't do the greatest job of separating itself.
4	I always get GREAT service when I'm here.  It seems like no matter how much time has passed, they always remember me when I come in and treat me very well.They are ALWAYS running sushi specials whenever I go in for dinner.  It's like the menu prices don't even matter when it comes to sushi because of said specials, so it's easy to stock up on different varieties of sushi, and even more easy to get full.  Mind you, it's not exactly "free" either, but does give some some leniency to play with the different types of rolls.I've only been one time for lunch, but that was several months ago, and I wasn't jazzed about the service during the day shift (they served everyone at the table but me, and my meal was much later. Not by 2-3 minutes, but around 15.  Still good, but everyone was already finished with bento boxes and sashimi rolls, and I ate alone in a crowd - we were also the only lunch table that day).  While I realize that may have been a fluke, I still normally do the sushi bit at night, and again, the service is solid there.  I like the people that run the place, from the hostess, to our sever, to the chefs.  Desserts are also good.  They have a pretty tasty mango sorbet with chocolate that's good for sharing.I don't go often, but I've consistently had good dinners, and I like being treated like a familiar and recognized "regular", despite my only stopping in once a month or so.Life changing?  Perhaps not so much.  But it is dependable, and I don't feel like I'm going to end up spinning a roulette wheel when it comes to the overall quality and flavor.
4	I had a gift card for $25 off from my birthday and decided to give this place a try. I must say that I was really impressed even though I ate way too much. Their service was quick and friendly, and their sushi chefs were knowledgeable and very helpful. We had a yum yum roll(better than Naked Fish, which is hard to do) a deep fried lobster roll(strange initial taste but the after taste more than made up for it) and a #69WTFOMG Roll(I may have changed the name). The #69 roll was basically life changing. I believe it contained about 10 different components and 1 piece was basically 3 normal sized rolls. I wish we had known this before ordering as my friend and I would've just ordered 2 of that roll and nothing else. The trip is worth 4 stars just to try that roll as it was a combination of crunchy, spicy, sweet, and savory all in one.I'm not sure if I can ever cheat on Naked Fish on a regular basis but if I do my mistress will be Kan Pai sushi.
4	I never intended to get all you can eat sushi here. I merely wanted to pick up an order to go because I was by myself. The red digital advertisement was signaling me the way a Snickers does during a hectic day at work. I was the only person there so I thought .."Why not?" I was concerned that maybe I can't eat $28.00 dollars worth of food but I had a game plan. I started off with the Deep Fried California Rolls which were nice and crunchy. These were whole orders so I tried to pace myself. I finished those swiftly because they were delicious! I also ordered a Beef Lettuce Wrap ..that was okay but it fell apart. It was hard to eat it because it was broken but I found a way. Then I ordered the Deep Fried Lobster Rolls at first I wasn't sure if I could eat it because they were big. They tasted funny in the beginning but the more I ate them the better tasting they became because of the spicy sauce. I had two types of rolls and I was getting full...so I thought I will start just getting appetizers. I started with the Crab Rangoon the filling was nice and sweet. Then I ordered an egg roll that I didn't like. It's pretty hard to find an egg roll that would rival my moms so I don't know why I try. My plan was working so far... so I ordered the Shrimp Tempura . That was good but the dipping sauce was kind of bland. I attempted to order one last appetizer that I wanted to try ..the Beef Terayaki but I was starting to see double so I asked for my dessert instead. This is the first time I had chocolate with my Green Tea Ice Cream ..it just added to the flavor. I like that this place has a lot of sushi roll selections ..it's about four pages long. The decor was really cute with Japanese Parasols and lanterns hanging from the ceiling. I would definitely come back!
3	Found this place through http://restaurant.com and got my $25 certificate just in time for my Vegas trip.  We went in on a Saturday evening at 6p and there was only one couple there.  Strike one.Kids were starving so I quickly ordered the edamame appetizer for them.  Should have read the menu first, as it clearly stated "lightly salted".  My kids are babies, no need for extra salt.  My bad.We decided to order a couple of special rolls, Rainbow Roll and Spider Roll.  Both were good, just not great.  The spider roll came wrapped in this green, almost paper-like wrap.  I should've asked the waiter what it was...oh well.  The rainbow roll came in 7 pieces.  Although it was fresh, it was quite lacking in "sashimi"-ness.  The cuts were tiny and thin.  Strike two.And speaking of thin, I got the dinner box that included the pork katsu, it was basically a SHEET of breaded pork.  There was absolutely no meat.  For the price, I was quite disappointed.  Strike.... Well, if it hadn't been for the attentive and polite service, unfortunately I would've had to give it 2 stars.Btw, this place is actually Korean owned.
4	Great Sushi! The Candy Cane Roll & Kiss of Fire are awesome if you like spicy. Just a block from Sushi Fever and just as good.
5	This is the best all you can eat sushi in Vegas.  The quality of the fish is way better than any other places, even better than I love sushi or sushi fever.  The uni is fresh and top quality too which is never found in all you can eat sushi.  If you care about the quality of fish, this is where you should go.  But if you just want rolls with lots of cream cheese and sauces, they have it too.  Lobster roll was awesome!  Don't forget the bake yellowtail.  I felt I am done with my sushi restaurant searching after I found this place.
3	Kan Pai is what it wants to be...A very friendly and polite staff will greet you as you enter this cookie-cutter mold of Vegas all-u-can-eat sushi.  The prices are reasonable, and both times I've dined here the fish has been fresh enough, but they are not doing anything exceptionl here.  There isn't really evidence that they want to either, which is ok.In today's economy, you generally get what you pay for when talking about sushi.  I would place Kan Pai slightly above other comparable places in the valley because the staff is so pleasant and attentive.  The hot food, like terriyaki chicken and tempura shrimp was below average, but you don't come here for that.  For a reasonable amount of money, you can stuff your face with a variety of sushi and leave with a smile.  Not bad but definitely forgettable
4	This was for the most part your average strip mall sushi joint.  Typical fare and atmosphere.  They had an all-you-can-eat option but I just ordered off the menu.So why the 4 stars from a hypercritical Yelper?Well...  The service was friendly - that's a must for sushi bar. The prices were very competitive.What made in impression is the fact that the rolls were loaded with --- Fish!  This wasn't like some places trying to trim their food costs, I actually got a full size sushi roll.  (sorry no pic).  I ordered a roll with tuna and it was a nice full serving - not all rice and cucumber!  The spicy tuna was a good size roll too.Decent fare at fair prices.  That is all I ask for!
5	I didn't really expect to be coming back here without another $25 gift certificate but I was at Family Music next door and I saw that they were now offering all you can eat sushi. Next thing I knew my roommate and I made it our mission to go here ASAP. Two nights later we went in and for $25.95 we had quite possibly the best all you can eat experience we've ever had.Not only was the fish fresh and delicious but the selection was amazing. Normally, when you get all you can eat prices they restrict most of the menu so you can only eat the cheapest rolls and sashimi/sushi. They did not skimp on these selections at all and everything I wanted to try was included. On top of that they had dessert as part of the deal which was a literal icing on the sushi cake(that sounds pretty gross now that I see it in writing).If you are looking for the most amazing sushi and the best tasting rolls there are still better options but this 5 star review is simply for taste mixed with value. $25.95 for a myriad of fresh fish? Sign me up!
5	I absolutely love this place.  Las Vegas is packed with sushi restaurants but this is the best.  The candy cane roll and smells like ex-girlfriend roll are incredibly flavorful and unlike rolls I've had elsewhere.  The sashimi dinner is a great bargain, packed with tons of fish, and very fresh.  Plus, their staff is so friendly, they know my name!  It's a rare find in Las Vegas -good food and nice servers. And, it's cheap (go to restaurant.com and you can get outta there with a $25 bill for a huge meal for two).
3	Quite dissappointed in this place... I expected so much more because my brother and his gf kept talking about this place and liked it more than Island Sushi, which is still my FAVORITE sushi joint in Vegas right now. So we had a Friday night AYCE. It was a party of 6 and we got there around.. 7:30p.It was scary quiet for a sushi place that is supposed to be amazing. I think at the time we got there, there was 2 other tables. During the time that we were there, there was about 3 more tables in and out. And with 2 servers, 2 chefs, and only 3 other tables besides ours (with only 2 ppl at each table), the service was very disappointing.The sushi came out very slowly. They got our nigiri orders wrong. Our sushi rolls took about half an hour. The only food that arrived quickly was the deep fried soft shell crab (limit 1 per person) but that was really good! But each order is 2 small pieces. It seems like it was premade, but oh well. We also got the baked mussels, which were okay, definitely have had better.They have a great selection of items of their menu, with amaebi, uni, lobster rolls, etc. But maybe the slow service made me not enjoy my food. And it wasn't "wow" or anything.The fish is pretty fresh and the rolls were a decent size.I believe this place used to be Yummy Sushi... but not sure. I used to LOVE yummy sushi for lunch. They made great smoothies. But Kan Pai didn't offer any.So other items we ordered: Baked Lobster Roll (yummy! but limited orders), deep fried lobster roll, also yummy. Spider roll - not what we expected at all... it was wrapped in a green wrap thing rather than seaweed. Johnny roll - fresh fish wrapped in cucumber, i liked it. Cherry Blossom - not a roll, basically crab meat wrapped in avocado (also limited quantity), but nothing special. Also had some other rolls, everything was pretty fresh, but nothing that great. Full of sauce.Amaebi - they deep fried the heads, which were yummy. Uni - the first thing that we ordered but didn't get until about 45minutes later, and they didn't give us a full order and when we asked, they said they ran out, but failed to mention that when they brought the order to our table. We also ordered 8 orders of sake with the uni and only received half the order. We ended up ordering so many things because we never received certain things and other ordered got f'd up. Overall, not a great experience.The servers were nice, but barely spoke english. The sushi chefs were too busy drinking with the guest at the bar... the best thing about this place, unlimited dessert (tempura ice cream, green tea ice cream, and red bean ice cream.)So its the average sushi place, that's it. It took me a full essay to say that. Sorry.
4	Finally...Kuge will REVIEW...Kan Pai Sushi.Kuge wasn't able to make a review while Kan Pai was having their all-you-can-eat specials at the end of 2010 and at the beginning of 2011.  Come to find out they no longer have AYCE sushi has crushed The Great Ones spirits but he will overcome and will give his fans what they want, a fair and honest review.   Kuge would like to point out when they had AYCE it is hands down the best AYCE in Las Vegas.Enough about that, Kan Pai deserves 4 People's Eyebrows out of 5 for the following reasons.- Something Wrong 69, Ban Ban Roll and Candy Cane roll are incredible rolls that Kuge would pay good money for and now since they "lowered" the price of some of these rolls since they are no longer AYCE, the value/taste ratio is sky high- Fresh Fish, not once has The Champ was givin non-fresh frish.  He LOVES the fresh water eel- Friendly Service.  Maybe Kuge is fortunate to have the fast and helpful teenage waiter, but he hasn't had a problem with them.- Iffy Speed of Service - Sometimes The Great One and his friends have to wait a long time to get their sushi, other times they could get their sushi right away.  But it varies and it's not even dependent on how busy the place is at the moment with raises a few eyebrows.- Regular Rolls are okay - Kuge has tried several rolls from Kan Pai and the great rolls he mentioned above are the best value any roody poo could get.  But more of the standard rolls he orders aren't memorable and for the value you get from cost/taste, isn't great.Kan Pai can make really great sushi at a reasonable price, if you don't mind spending a couple dollars more on the special rolls, Kuge will GUARANTEE you won't be disappointed...If YA SMELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL...what Kuge...is cookin
5	Have been here a few times and watched the management change... they finally got it right. Beautiful presentation, great sushi. They are all friendly and welcoming. Great for kids. Fast service. The prices are very reasonable. Place is very quiet which is a shame. Tell your friends you won't be disappointed.
2	I have said it before - sushi is easy as long as the fish is fresh. Here's a perfect example of a place that has too much self worth and not enough customers.The AYCE special was fair priced, average for sushi places, but the majority of the fish was on the edge of freshness. The only thing that appeared to be fresh that day, was the Uni (Sea Urchin) and it was admittedly good. The portion was plentiful too.The service was fine, but I was the only customer, so I would expect nothing less.But in the end, even just one piece of week-old fish can really ruin the whole sushi experience - and a half dozen can turn you into a vegetarian.
5	I usually will not update my reviews unless I experience something that is Yelp worthy. Kan Pai changed their menu since the last time I was here and they now have Kalbi! The Kalbi meal was around $10.00 and it came with salad, soup, Kalbi and rice. It was so good and surprisingly so was the salad. The dressing isn't the usual ginger dressing that you find at most of these places. It tasted like they added some orange zest to it.... that really made the salad for me. I had the deep fried California Rolls which was good. My husband and I also really enjoyed the fried banana with ice cream dessert. I'm not into raw fish but I saw this table get some sort of raw fish platter and they made it look like a Bonsai tree.....it was pretty cool!
4	The staff here is wonderful. Every time I go Steve the master sushi chef always shows great hospitality. He'll even make some special dishes just for fun. The fish is fresh and the rolls are made tight and right. The environment is very nice,modern, and open.  Wednesdays and Thursdays they have $4 martinis and they are delish. Ask for the fantasy roll, it's not on the menu. The reason I give it four out of five is because there is no AYCE,otherwise it's a great spot all around.
4	I feel like this place has been sold at least 3 times since I wrote my last review.  Gone is the old menu, old sushi chefs, and waitstaff (I was told by an employee they were replaced because of their lack of English skills). So, basically, other than location, the entire restaurant is different.  Luckily for all, especially me because I am bizarrely obsessed with this place, the food is still good!  The menu now is actually more diverse and with a greater selection.  I think it's actually cheaper too, now that I think of it.  So, that's good, right?  Well, for the most part the change is okay.  I have a hard time saying that. I liked the old waitstaff and I could always understand them, just for the record.  Also, they took the best rolls ("smells like ex-girlfriend, candy cane, something wrong 69) off the menu and replaced them with "super spider roll" and other totally boring concoctions.  What's a trip to Kan Pai without awkwardly ordering a "smells like ex-girlfriend roll?"  Boo.Still, it's delicious and good quality.  Please quit reselling this place over and over though, geez!
5	I think this place has great sushi.  I love sushi, and this place offers a delicious n creative variety to satisfy any sushi lover's palette.  The service is pleasing n the ambiance is fresh and intimate.  I think Kan Pai is a diamond in a rough n if they invested $ in marketing n advertising, they would see more customers on the daily.
4	I know....it's my third review of this place. It's because the ownership has changed again and there is a new menu! I first rushed into a Calamari Roll because I've never had one before. They had pieces of fried Calamari around the sushi. It was pretty tasty! I was practically full when I discovered the Red Bull Roll on the menu. It had fried shrimp and beef on it. I couldn't roll away from this Sushi Roll. I was mainly afraid that it wouldn't be here when I come back because of the constant menu changes. I made room and placed the order for "The Red Bull" . It had all the makings of what I would consider a great dinner...meat and fried shrimp! If I could just order this I would be satisfied .....it reminded me of a miniature shrimp and steak dinner. I thought it was fantastic!
5	wow...~!!! it was amazing. I was looking for a place to eat with my friend. i found the Kanpai on W. sahara. it was first time for us to eat sushi. there was no all you can eat menu but they have high quality of fish and roll. Everything was good especially redbull roll was amazing. I love it
4	Great sushi. They have a great deal on lunch specials and all you can eat for dinner. We go pretty often. The rolls are pretty big and not as expensive as most places.
4	What a find. I love that it is never crowded but I worry it needs more business to survive.  Excellent menu and great sushi chefs.  Huge serving for the money. Great value.
