4	I'm picky about my pizzerias. I grew up with one place right around the corner from me and had to learn to love another place when I moved out of Pittsburgh. So when I returned to the 'burgh too far away from my favorite, I was anxious to find a good delivery place close by.Veltre's has proven themselves to me over and over again. Their pizza sauce is better than the place I grew up with and the crust is always nice and chewy.As to the calzone - it's now a staple in my home. Lots of filling, excellent cheeses and the sauce is just about the tastiest I've ever had. Also, I'm vegetarian and my mother can't eat red sauce. No problem - Veltre's makes it for me with no sauce inside and a container of marinara sauce on the side. The people there are always very accommodating.A large is big enough for three people with leftovers for one more serving. Some friends came over one night and we ordered four large - two meatball, one chicken and one of my favorite - spinach and mushroom.My friends only managed to finish one out of the three they'd ordered (the meatball) and decided it was better than the calzone at Monte Cello's - a restaurant they'd been going to for over fifteen years.As to delivery time, I generally order a little later than standard dinner time and I've rarely waited more than 45 minutes for my order. The one time they forgot something, it took only about ten minutes for the driver to pick it up and drop it off.The only reason I'm giving four stars instead of five is that I've only ordered pizza and calzone so I'm not familiar enough with the rest of the menu to go full out.Once I've moved on to a few other items, I'll revisit this review and revise.
5	After 17 years of only being able to choose between three pizza chains, I really appreciate little places like this with good pizza.  The pepperoni pizzas are thin and greasy like they're supposed to be, the crust is home made, the sauce is good, and the amount of cheese perfect.It's kind of sad that the other 'V' pizza place around the corner isn't any better than the three national chains.
5	Amazing! I prefer it over Vincent's, as long as it's veltre's in swissvale! and it's amazing!
5	Great pizza. Grandma's pie is an all time favorite!
2	Pizza was fine but nothing special. The salad I ordered was wrong, though. And beware of the prices: What's on the website is wrong. And the manager and owner will say there's nothing they can do about that (except charge you the higher price that isn't on the website).
