1	This has been the worst paint night experience I could ever even imagine! They do not explain the brushes. You do not prep the canvas. I requested fresh water and was told, "we don't do that". I'm sorry, but the last time I checked I'm an adult and should be able to determine whether or not I need fresh water. We sat so close together that I could not get up to use the restroom without disturbing five others and our elbows actually touched. It was difficult to see the artist who gave very few directions and the directions given were not specific. It was also difficult to hear over the music as they did not turn it down much when they did talk. In addition, the easels were too small for the canvas and would wobble while you were painting.
4	This was a great a event! I went with my husband and he even found himself having a great time, and wound up painting a better masterpiece than I did! The artist was and hostess were both super friendly and very accommodating, as my husband found himself needing lots of paint refills. They were both very patient with everyone and went over everything more than once for those that were lost and and needed special attention. I also liked the fact that you can paint whatever you want. You don't have to paint the actual picture that the group is painting. My husband chose to rotate his canvas to from portrait to landscape for his painting. He really enjoyed the freedom he had, where I am more of a rule follower and just try to make mine look like theirs.  My husband is ready to go again, so that tells you it was an enjoyable night! We will defiantly be attending again soon!
3	I purchased the deal through Living Social for $25 because my co-workers and I wanted to do this together. This was my first time doing an event such as this and I wanted to try it out since it is definitely the trendy thing to do now a days. I also wanted to have an Instagram post with my group doing the Paint Nite, haha! Anyways, unlike the other popular paint events, Paint Nite does theirs at a restaurant/bar type of place and ours was at View Wine Bar & Kitchen. They had the canvases scattered throughout a roped section of the restaurant. Funny thing is, they ask their patrons to arrive 15 minutes early, yet they themselves weren't ready to have us seated (kind of ironic I thought). The instructor (I forgot her name, maybe it was Linda?) was funny and tried to loosen everyone up. She made a lot of kinky references during her initial instruction. I thought it was kind of awkward at some points considering most of the people there were middle aged women, but none the less still funny. As we were painting we began to notice our paintings looked nothing like the original painting from the website. The reason why we chose this particular night was because we wanted to attempt to replicate the original. The instructor was definitely carefree and just wanted everyone to have fun. My friend who had been to other ones (Design & Wine and Wine & Canvas) said they are more detailed when giving instructions, which results to a better replicate of the original painting. If you just want to have fun and don't really care about the end result is come to Paint Nite. If you are more of a perfectionist and prefer precision I think the other paint event options would be better. I think we will be doing Design & Wine next time for sure.
1	If I could give 0 stars I would.  DO NOT buy the Groupon for this company.  I repeat, DO NOT buy the Groupon.  Six of us bought the Groupon for a birthday celebration. We've tried for over a week to use the Groupon to reserve a spot for Tuesday's Paint Nite, to no avail.  We follow the directions on the Groupon but we get an error message.  All six of us have tried emailing the company but we can't get a response aside from their generic auto response.  We called the venue but they direct us to the company.  Voicemails to their long distance number also go unreturned.  At this point we are going to call Groupon and request a refund and I'm confident that given the issues we have we won't have a problem.  Don't waste your time with this horribly run company, there are too many competitors with much better reviews that are more worthy of our time and $!
4	I attended Paint Nite today at a local restaurant through the use of a Living Social voucher. The instructor Linda was great she was funny and made the class entertaining and light hearted. I had a good time. The venue itself was Florida Cafe which was clean but not the best part of town I wouldn't want to be there for a night class. And the server for the restaurant was really slow with the drinks. I think these girls could do amazing if they set up a location of their own. But given the whole experience of just the painting removing the Florida Cafe from it I had fun and would attend again at a different location.
3	The event itself and the instructor were awesome and it ended up being a great night. However, there were 6 of us that bought the groupon and none of ours worked. We had to all email and have them fixed through paint nite. One person didn't get to register in time before it sold out. Luckily they still let her paint when we showed up and they gave us coupons to get the same rate by booking directly through them next time.
4	We ended up going to the event and they were able to squeeze me in.  I had to sit backwards which meant every time the instructor did anything I had to move, which was a huge PITA, but otherwise it was a great night.  To be honest, I don't know if it was so fun because of the people in my group or the event itself, but I will say I enjoyed myself.  I can't stand to paint and don't have an artistic bone in my body but my painting actually came out really nice.I will say that just about everyone there who had purchased a Groupon had issues with it, so I stand by my recommendation that you do NOT buy a Groupon if you want to try this out.  I bet if you call the company they will give you the Groupon rate without you having to buy the actual Groupon.
2	They dont have a phone number listed at all. Good luck in rescheduling if you can not make something.
5	I've been to many paint nite events and it is always a good time! Perfect for a girls night out to unwind after a busy week in the office. The best part is that you need no artistic abilities they walk you through step by step and your painting turns out really nice in the end. Paint nite is so addicting, I love it! :)
