3	I went to this place because it is said to be the top place for good-looking clientale. I totally doubt it as least not in my experience. It is very crowded  but not as up scale as I expected. It is a ok.
2	My cousin took me here during my visit recently, and he called Tokyo Bar one of the hot spots of the city.  To be quite honest, I found the place boring, and the crowd looked teeny booperish, and not the ideal place for eye candy.  The room with the best ambiance was the trance techno room with everything adorned in white, and looked omnious.  I would have given this place 1 star, but gave it 2 stars for making a good lychee martini.
1	While celebrating a bachelor party in Montreal, a friend of ours had heard that Tokyo was supposed to be a pretty cool place to go.  Apparently getting there at 10:30 isn't the cool thing to do, but we had been drinking a while and really just wanted to hit it up and check it out.After paying the five dollar cover, when all we wanted to do was get one drink and hop... we decided to fill the dance floor, with chairs.  We had 11 guys, so each of us took a bar stool and headed to the dance floor... where we proceeded to get down and boogie with the chair.  The bouncers didn't think this was funny... thus we were thrown out.  We never got a drink... and we left the chairs.Two hours later when we passed the place... there was a long line.  Apparently it's "cool"...
4	Great club. Great DJ.  The cover is $4 and coat check is $3. The place was a decent size but  I enjoy how the air actually circulates so it was not wicked hot like other clubs I've been to.  The best about this room was the DJ.  Otherwise it would have been just another club.  I do have to say cranberry vodka was on the weak side.
5	ok, so i will start off by saying that i am not typically a club girl, and i am also not a hipster.thing is, i love to dance, but as an indie girl it's hard for me to find a place where i like the music and don't think the clientele is sleazy.my friends and i go hunting for a place without a line on st laurent, and tokyo bar fits the bill.  we peek in, and the clientele actually looks pretty cool!  friendly-faced people, even some cute scruffy boys in plaid, go figure.  we commit to the $5 cover and in we go.fun dj - played warren g, the new MIA, some 90s puff daddy and some good ol' MJ. we had room to dance, and did we ever!  would love to go back, and recommend tokyo bar to anyone who's not looking for the typical "club" scene but still wants to bust out the montreal dance-pants.
4	Arrived here around 11pm and the place was totally empty.  I was a bit skeptical, but stayed anyway.  My cousins and I got several drinks and the waitress was very nice.Around 12am, the place started getting super packed and they opened the roof area.  The dance floor inside was also packed and the DJ played good music.  The owner of the club stopped by to say hello (my cousin is his dentist) and got us a round of drinks, which was very nice.Overall, I had a good time.  Until next time, Montreal!
5	While in Montreal a friend and I went dancing here. Great music, decent drink prices. Friendly atmosphere. A great tip for anyone young going to Montreal on a weekend go to St Laurent early and go to every bar and you get your hand stamped to go back in that way you can go from place to place and not worry about a line up.
2	Was visiting with a group of six buddies from NYC and Detroit this weekend and stopped by around 1a.There was a line, but it moved fairly quickly.DJ was pretty good, was spinning mainly hip-hop and pop, put together some good mixes.The main dance floor was packed with a ratio of at least five to one guys to girls. Underfoot was a massive pile of broken glass and spilled drinks, and there was a ton of people shoving their way through to the bathroom or to try and pick up on one of the aforementioned ladies.With the massive amount of shoving, tight quarters and bodies it felt inevitable that a fight would happen at some point. My buddy ended up in a face-to-face with some belligerent drunk guy who kept bumping into him, but luckily we diffused it without it coming to fisticuffs.Overall, the crowd was a mixed bag, the secondary room was underutilized (empty), the music was solid, and I thinkI'm getting too old for this scene.Oh yeah, there were definitely some under 20's in the mix.I've gotta imagine there are better options...
3	Arrived just after midnight, greeted with a $5 cover, and a barely there dance floor. There was legit just 1 guy in there, dancing by himself, but definitely entertaining errbody! The drinks were cheap ($6/7 for a cocktail and only $5 for a shot!) and the music was pretty decent. The place did start to fill up around 1ish, which is when we decided to leave to continue our quest on St. Laurent. Not bad, but not particularly good either!
1	I went to Tokyo last night and probably had the worst experience ever at a club in my life.   My friend invited me to join but there was some miscommunication and the doorman let other people from the group as me, into the club but told me to go wait in the line, (when I was clearly in the same group) the doorman ( a black guy with dreads and wearing oversized nerd glasses )  was rude and  after my friends got into the club called everyone on  the guest list " a bunch of dicks" Living in Manhattan , I have been to numerous clubs but I never quite felt disrespected as I did last night, by a strange looking doorman whom did  not even speak to me directly ( he was too busy barking orders at the bouncers) My friend had to leave the party to stay with me but he also stated that the drinks were horrible and he would never go there again either.
3	I took a one way from London to Japan a few months ago. I had a pretty mixed experience.After my 20 hour flight, I hit up the Tokyo nightlife expecting some action and some loose Tokyo bitches. Instead, I got mixed up with a geisha motorcycle gang and we robbed Shigeru Miyamato. Now I'm spending all those Mario buxxxx at a karaoke place in the Sake district. Would come here again except the J-Pop is terrible.
4	Love it! Sundays are crazy. I've never seen so many beautiful women in one spot at a time. Ay karumba
3	I was here again recently for a private daytime Movember event on the terrasse and thought ohhh lovely. If you can be here when the weather is good the roof and back terrasse are totally great for late summer night drinking to a beat. Inside though, I dunno, not much my scene these days. They do get some awesome guest djs now and again, and that alone is worth keeping an eye out for.
4	"Chain hang to my ding-a-lang. Chain hang, chain hang to my ding-a-lang."B.O.B. ft. 2 Chainz - HeadbandTokyo Bar + Sunday Night + Hip Hop Tunes = My ass gettin' busy on the dance floor and local hot Asian chicks rockin' Jordans. This club consists of one fairly large room, a bar on either end and also two terraces; one dance floor level out back, and the other upstairs on the rooftop (that of which in particular is closed during winter).Be sure to get there early - I'd say 11:30 the latest - and though there is no code on Sunday, it won't hurt to dress the part just in case. Unfortunately this World generally embraces beauty over brains, so looking top shelf may be the deciding factor between you getting denied at the door and instead go to Muzique, or potentially being able to make out with said hot Asian chicks rockin' Jordans. The choice is yours.*Beantowns Finest*
3	Must visit if your in downtown Montreal! Atmosphere is welcoming. Music is good and upstairs has outdoor lounging. The only problem is the bar gets very crowded as well as the dance floor which makes it difficult to maneuver because the people don't move for shit
5	Traveled to Montreal from New York for a bachelor party and we found our way on the back deck of Tokyo. We had an absolute BLAST. The entire staff (Bartenders, Doormen, and Bouncers) were extremely friendly - actually they were probably the only friendly and hospitable employees that we encountered our entire trip! This place has a lot to offer. If you are coming from out of town, give it a try!
5	I've never been but the line looks huge. Five stars! Also once I saw someone get knocked outside five stars
3	Went to Montreal for a weekend to party. This was our first stop. It's a nice bar. Music is on point. They have an outdoor upstairs bar which is fantastic! It gets crowded inside of the bar so it's hard to get around. But it's overall fun and the bartenders are cool.
