5	I have been coming here for a while now, even from way back when I was living in San Diego. I stumbled across this place while riding up and down Sahara looking for something to wear to a theme party during AVN weekend in Las Vegas. This place is Lace & Lycra and honestly.... even the tightest of numbers looks good on most people. I bought a little purple number from Spero today and it was TEENY (I am telling you super freaking small) but it seemingly made the cellulite just vanish under the fabric and show nothing but awesome curves. SCHWEET!! So the little number I purchased in my 'Purple' outfit for Saturdays EDC next wknd (for you facebookers looking for something to wear to be noticed as part of the group of 600 that are on the EDC group).The shop has bathing suits with all sorts of designs and honestly the best thing about this place is, if you don't see what you want, then you bring in a pic of what it is, and Spero will make it for you.Now.... I am not sure I am telling the story correctly on this one but Spero's wife and/or he himself use to be tightly involved with showgirls in Vegas for years. So he has awesome talent when it comes to sewing and his designs are really nice. And he has made me a custom dress, just from us taking one he had, and I kinda drew my finger over what I wanted to keep and what to get rid of and it was awesome.So anyways, Spero is forever old, but so young in that big sweet heart of his. If you are in the market for something different/custom, he is the place to go. Tell him Trinity sent you.
5	I had seen Wet! many times passing by on my way to and from work. I decided to shop for a swimsuit for a pageant I'm competing in. The owner was very helpful and friendly and picked three different styles for me to choose from. The first one he picked was the one I went with. The owner and his wife made sure that the suit could have the right alterations so I would look my best for the competition. It was a little pricey, but compared to other swimsuit stores in the area, it was still very reasonable. The suits are good quality and there are many sexy styles to choose from. They also sell club wear as well. I would go back again to Wet! to have other custom swimsuits and garments made for me and would recommend the store to others as well.
5	The woman was very helpful and have me tons of styles to try on until I was happy! Awesome!
