1	New owners took over.  The pizza sucks now!
3	Let's be straight- you only get Little Caesars because you are broke, desperate for something fast to eat, throwing a party, or you're fond of mediocre pizza.  I fall into the broke/desperate to eat categories.Little Caesars isn't terrible.... I've certainly paid more for crappier pizza (by accident, of course- not because I enjoy torturing my wallet and taste buds).  But I don't think there's really anyone out there that says, "Man, I sure could go for some Little Caesars right now!"  Basically, it's tasty enough to make you think your $6 was not wasted.  Nothing more than that.  For this particular location, we've never had to wait for a hot-n-ready and we are usually in and out pretty quickly.  The employees are your typical fast food employees- not the most professional service in the world but fine enough to make a cheap pizza and swipe your credit card.
1	hot and ready took 30 min and then they gave it to another customer! Has a "C" from the health dept!! The frame is hidden behind the dipping sauces!So much for fast cheap pizza!!  REFUND!!
3	What can I say? Five bucks for a pizza? You can't beat it. Granted, it's not Chicago Style or something you'd expect to find in Italy, but for the money and convenience, it's hard to beat. Add some crazy bread and wings and you've got a pretty darn good meal for next to nothing. If you want to spend a little extra and get their deep dish, you won't be dissappointed. All in all, a good meal at a great price. They have also taken phone orders from me in the past, which even adds to the convenience. In a pinch and can't decide what's for dinner? Pizza! Pizza!
1	Being a non meat eater, I am always sure to phone ahead to place orders for take out so they have adequate notice. I tried calling this location several times and no one answered the phone. I had checked out their website and reviewed their vegetarian options and was very happy to see that they accommodate those of us who don't wish to eat mean. However, in their haste to slap together my bland tasting pizza they must not have been paying much attention because I found random pieces of sausage on my veggie pizza. Needless to say I was mortified that I had put meat in my mouth! Sure, it's cheap pizza and my teenaged daughter could really care less about quality, but I do. Perhaps if they actually had "adults" working there rather than a bunch of teenagers (I've never seen an adult working any time I've been by there to get pizza for my daughter) they would have better quality control over how the pizzas are being made. Needless to say - I doubt I'll ever eat there again. My daughter, I'm sure will want the random pepperoni pizza, but no thanks, I'll pass. Bad customer service and bad food!
1	This pizza store has been in business for awhile.  I don't know if it's a franchise anymore.  It would be nice if they trained the people that work there.  The crew there  that is making pizzas now doesn't know the difference between round and square.  lol. I ordered the 2 square deep dish pizzas and got 2 little round pizzas. When I asked what happened the girl replied"that's how we make them". There are other pizza restaurant around here so you may want to go somewhere, where they know the difference between round and square.  The amount of cheese applied to the pie is getting smaller also.
