4	If you can't stand the heat, get out of Los Dos Molinos.  The food is great, but hot.
4	Come here for New Mexico style Mexican cuisine.  Think hot hot hot.  Red or green.  Pick your poison.  The rellenos are great.I have no idea what WM is talking about - as far as I know there is only one other Los Dos is the Phoenix area.  And overpriced?  Did we go to the same restaurant?
5	I was getting tired of all the chain restaurants that we were eating at and I asked around for a recommendation of Mexican food.  This place was the highlight of my week in Phoenix.  Great family owned business that delivers on authentic Mexican taste.   The shredded beef taco, the creamy chicken plate, and the flan was all off the hook.  The spot is off of Scottsdale blvd, but it is worth the drive where ever you are coming from.  Only if they served carnitas....
4	Good food.  A bit too salty.  Good margaritas.  Wouldn't consider it too New Mexican, but then again it's not really Sonoran either.  BTW, it's a chain, which is too bad, but also good as it's some of the best (overpriced) Mexican food available when you're in NYC.From About.com:Locations:8646 S. Central, Phoenix, 602-243-9113260 S. Alma School, Mesa, 480-969-7475East Main Street, Springerville, 928-333-4846119 East 18th Street, New York, 212-505-1574 (overpriced, but your best Mexican --sorry, *New Mexican* food bet for blocks and blocks.)
2	Being from Texas, I am a fan of Tex-Mex which believe it or not, is hard to find in these parts.  Although not Tex-Mex, I had high hopes for Los Dos because of the rave reviews of my husband's friends and family.  Everyone was promising me this would be a break from the disappointing Mexican food I had tried in the valley.  So, off we go...and what a let down.  The food was okay, but definitely not all it was hyped up to be.  I love mouth scorching spicy food but you get the impression that the dishes have no flavor because of the overwhelming spicy flavor is all you can taste.  The service was virtually non-existant and we got the impression that we were a burden to the waitstaff by dining there.  So, the search continues...
4	I finally went there with someone who was willing to both eat amazingly hot food and wait as long as possible.  And wouldn't it just figure that for the first time, there was no wait.  I don't know what good Karma I had going, but we walked right into the place.  Sure it was a Thursday, but come on!!  So, yea. It's hot.  But you knew it would be hot.  What I didn't hear so much about was how it manages to be really really good while not doing anything "special".  Our plain Cheese Quesadilla was amazing - but it was just cheese and tortilla.  But they managed to cover the ENTIRE thing with thick yummy cheese - and no big bubbles either - yet the tortilla was still 100% crisp.  Everything was like that.  Describing it might not sound exceptional, until you realize how rare those things are to find all in one place.  And their mexican rice had the most amazing taste - neither of us could place which spices we were tasting that were so different.  Outside is a mess of tables and chairs that HAVE to be there when they are packed, but it looked a bit like Coney Island in the off season to go through there when no one else was there.  Personal tip?  If you are worried about the spice of your dish - get it with the sauce on the side.  That's where all the heat is.  My companion did that with the Chimi and found it to be the perfect way to make sure she got all the flavor of the sauce, without being overwhelmed by it in every single bite.
4	Fun place, decent food, great atmosphere.  One of the few places where I don't mind waiting for a table.  The courtyard and margaritas create a fun environment.The food is good, but slightly overrated. For quasi-New Mexican cuisine, I'd venture to say that Richardson's/Dick's might be better.The location is Manhattan is also fun and the food stands out there much more than it does here. Visiting Los Dos when I lived in NYC always helped stave off homesickness.
5	All Hail Los Dos!I love this place.... but don't come here if you are looking for service or to get in or out in a prompt manner.  Come here for the food:  The absolute best Mexican in Phoenix.  Their salsas are great, although the red was a bit salty for my liking.Highest recommendation to the green chile smothered pork burrito which is a house special probably 3 days a week.  Man it is good.Most of the food is super super (super) uber spicy.  The Garlic Shrimp over rice is one exception... even the tacos have some heat to them.During the summer, it is a bit of a pain in the arse to come here... the restaurant is cramped, so you have to wait outside.  Also, don't come here on Sundays, the place is closed.We've eaten here with a newborn, and the staff treated us very well.... in fact he really enjoyed looking at all of the chili pepper lights on the ceiling.
5	Probably one of the best mexican restaurants in the Phoenix area. I've taken out of town friends and they love it, as long as they like things just a bit spicy.The building is kind of a hole in the wall place which adds to the experience. Apparently it used to be a barn or stable... but they did a great job decorating. I don't come here for great service so I don't mind the lack of service. My food has always come quick and my glass stays full of my favorite beverage so I'm a happy camper.If you are visiting town for one night and want an experience, Los Dos Molinos is a great one!
5	I see a lot of negative reviews here based on the bad customer experience.  Maybe it's because I lived in Chicago, but this has never even crossed my mind, especially when confronted with the incredibleness that is the stacked enchiladas.Take a step back, order a sangria, snack on some chips and prepare your mouth... no--your whole body for this.  The first bite of these stacked enchiladas (always order them with green chile, might I add) will knock your socks off.  Literally.  (Side note: if you see one of my socks...)The place has gotten a bit too busy, but it's still well worth the wait.  Or, for those not content to drink sangria while waiting for a table, you can check out the Mesa one; I've never had to wait long there, but it just doesn't have the same character.I look forward to visiting the suburban sprawl that is the Phoenix metro area each year, and this is in no small part because of this place.  Los Dos makes a mean, spicy, enchilada.
5	The first time I ate here a little over a decade ago I was with my girlfriend at the time and we were woefully unprepared for what we were about to experience.  I had heard about the spicy food, potent margaritas and the fun atmosphere.  I was not expecting to find myself waking up at 3:30 in the morning sprawled sideways on my bed, partially clothed with my dog licking my face.  Once I came to some semblance of my senses I realized that all the lights were on, Bob Marley was blaring on the stereo and the front door was wide open with only the screen door providing any security.  It was then that I realized I had been "Los Dosed".  I also knew it was only the first of what would be many.  The name means "the two grinders" and that's just what I felt like I had been through.If you like to be adventurous and experiment with different restaurants "Los Dos" can be more of a holistic experience than simply just going out to eat.  The food is everything it is rumored to be, amazing and hot as hell!  For some reason it does not matter you will gladly keep eating even though your mouth is on fire, your eyes are watering and your scalp is sweating.  The margaritas are good but frankly not the tastiest I've ever had but they are a perfect compliment to the aforementioned spicy food.  I once brought a friend who I had been talking up the margaritas to and after he had a couple he did not understand what the big deal was.  That is until he got up to go to the bathroom, by the time he came back he was convinced they must be adding a "special" ingredient to them (lets just say he knew a thing or two about that sort of thing).  In case you have not picked up on what I'm implying you should be prepared to either have a DD or plan on taking a cab home.  In the early years they used to have an amazing crooner/guitarist serenading the room with a perfect blend of traditional Mexican tunes mixed with a few popular hits like Brown Eyed Girl and of course Margaritaville.  There would be moments where I would look around the room and see almost every body singing along gleefully unfazed by any pretenses.  They still have musicians come in every now and then that do a great job and you are sure to have a great time either way.  This is a family run business with a few restaurants in Arizona and one in Manhattan, NY.  My favorite is the one in south Phoenix that looks like an old mission.  The building is kind of by itself with not a lot around it and with a single band of neon going around the roofline it kind of reminds me of the bar in Tarantino's Dusk Till Dawn.  There is a lot of space to hang out on the patio while you wait to be called in to a relatively small dining room.  On the weekends especially you can expect to wait a couple hours to be seated but don't fret you can hang out with friends and have chips and salsa with a beverage of your choice while you wait.  I have often tried to explain the experience at Los Dos Molinos as an entertaining assault on the senses and if you catch the right night that's just what it is.  If you happen to have a really good night it can seem like you were abducted by aliens, sadistically fun aliens but aliens none the less. Salud
5	I title this "5-stars, even though I have thrown up my dinner while still at the restaurant twice".  It is the experience.  I think of it as Mexi-Disneyland for adults and realize that this construct is based primarily on the excessive use of seafoam green paint and the beer shack where you can get drinks while you wait for a table.The reasons:  I've been there many more than two times, I probably had too many coronitas while I was waiting, too much of my margarita, and too much hot salsa, and I ordered the shrimp both times -- I never really eat shrimp (but how many times can a girl eat a chile relleno when the buttery garlicness looks so so good)... but those are just hypothetical reasons that may explain the throwing up.The reasons I like it:  My bff (best food friend) is "famous" there.  She can call and order a particular dish 24 hours in advance and it goes on the menu as the "Angela" special.  I think the story goes that she was the only person to order it the first time it was offered and she loved it and Cheryl (or Sheryl... I don't know how she spells it) loved her.  I've heard the food is a little better if you go with my bff than if you go without her.... but why would I ever go without her?  She's my best food friend and she's famous there!There aren't a lot of vegetarian options...in fact, my bff recently told me she thinks there might be beef stock in the salsa... which leads me back to the beginning and my hypotheses about why I've thrown up in their restroom twice now.  I think we're going back next week.... so I'll write with an update....
5	I used to work right around the corner from here, and all of us "office girls" would go to lunch every month to "Los Dos."The machaca is excellent!  I love my food a bit spicy.  Hey, if it doesn't make you cry while you eat it, what's the point?Service is super-friendly and so are the other customers.  The place used to be a morgue or something.  I love the outdoor area to sit while waiting.
2	I was worried when I walked in because of the cheesy decor you might find in a chain.  This place is pretty good- I am a spicy addict.  However, with so many other great Mexican choices in the area, It may be a while before I go back.
1	Good God, I hate this place.  Its one thing to dork out about your product, but to go over-the-top with it is just unnecessary.  What I mean is, they  make their food so fucking spicy, I want to punch myself in the balls in an attempt to disperse the pain throughout my entire body rather than letting it linger in the locus of angry hornets that have nested in my mouth.And yes, I love spicy Mexican food.  I grew up in a border town for Christo's sake.This IS NOT Mexican food.  Its a gimmick.  Genuine Mexican food is supposed to be subtle in heat and grow throughout the dish.  One should be able to taste the layered spices and complex ingredients.  Mexican food takes a lot of effort and time to make and should be complimented by a thorough savoriness by the consumer.  Their food must suck, but you'd never know it because it is so fully disguised by the Dos Molinos people, who drop a nuclear bomb on your head and ask you if you want to order another Dos XX.My only compliment is the patio and the fact that they serve Mexican beer, which we all know is the cure for radioactive exposure.
4	The Adobado ribs make me shit fire for three days, but I keep going back. Granted, the staff is a little pretentious, the margaritas are grossly overpriced, the wait sucks, the place is noisy, and there's only one spice level (hot as holy shit), but it's a true cultural experience, which is more than I can say for the rest of Phoenix, homogeneous craphole that it has become... Also, this is NOT Tex-Mex, so quit saying that. Tex-Mex is from Texas, and it usually refers to beef enchiladas covered in chili and Velveeta, not insanely spicy New Mexico cuisine, which is how you would describe Los Dos Molinos.
5	Los Dos rocks.  Even if you have to wait for two hours, it is still worth it.  Prepare to wait.  Hang out on the patio and drink some beers and soak up the great company you hopefully came with.  If you are getting attitude from the people that work there, it is probably because you are being rude, acting idiotic, or are just plain clueless.  The food at Los Dos is like nothing else.  I generally prefer the specials (posted on the plastic surfboard), because I think they are super fresh, unique, and almost always amazing.  My favorite dishes from the menu are the garlic shrimp, the adovada ribs, and the Victoria's chili chicken plate-green.  However, the all-time greatest dish at Los Dos is the Angela's Special.  Yes, you read that correctly.  The Angela's Special is a chicken breast that is slowly cooked in a chili, topped with jalapeno-tomatillo sauce and cheese, and served over plain rice, with beans and tortillas on the side.  It is the most delicious thing ever...spicy yet flavorful, moist and flaky at the same time, and just wonderful.  If you are lucky enough to experience the Angela's Special, your life will improve...it is that good.Do I even have to talk about how fantastic the salsas are, or how great the Herradura margarita can be?  No, try it for yourself.I will say, however, that the snacks and margaritas are not as fresh on the patio as they are inside (which is why I suggest beer on the patio), so if you can wait until you get inside, you will be rewarded.Now, I have heard that there have been some changes going on with who is running each Los Dos, and all I can say is that if Cheryl is around, everything will be that much better...
1	I think that this is probably one of the more authentic Mexican food restaurants that I have been to and if you really want to add extra kick to your meal, try a prickly pear margarita.  Boy - those things will definitely add some intrigue to your night or at the very least some good laughs. If you go, plan extra time to sit and wait for a table because chances are unless you are very lucky, you will have to wait quite awhile to be seated.  But, I think that it is worth the wait.Amendment, May 2008 - I have co-workers in town for a trade show.  A few nights ago, I suggested Los Dos for dinner.  I warned them that the service was slow but the food is always good.  We agreed to try it.  We arrived at 7:15ish.  Half of our party wasn't there - so in order to not be rude and take up a table, we ordered some drinks, chips & guacamole and took a table outside to wait.  At around 8, we were still minus 2 guests and starving.  So, I went in and got us a table.  I'd say our other 2 finally showed up around 8:30.  We did not get greeted by a waiter until 9pm - an hour after sitting.  Had he come up to us in the beginning, I would have told him that we were going to just order as a partial party.  But no one even asked.  They sent over a nice guy that could only take our drinks and kept saying that he'd bring us a waiter.  Right before the waiter finally appeared, I walked up the hostess stand and let them know that it really had been far too long to be waiting.  There were 2 girls behind the stand and a busboy (not really sure what his position was considering most of the night he ogled these 2 girls and stood scratching his head at the hostess stand - maybe he was the third hostess?).  They were pretty rude to me and continued to get ruder through out the night.  Unfortunately, I had such a BAD experience that I will no longer be recommending this place to anyone.  I'm rating it a one star - down from 4 stars.  I was embarrassed that my co-workers had to see such a nasty side of my fellow Arizonans.  I will not be returning to Los Dos Molinos.  I have had a lot of poor service here - but I always took the bad with the good because the food is good.  But, they just crossed the line too far this time and I won't support a place that treats me (the customer) badly.  I work in the service industry from time to time at trade shows.  I know that people have their bad days and I know that it can be hard to always meet every customers needs - but I also know that I do my very best to be kind and helpful to every customer no matter what mood I am in and I expect the same in return if I am spending money for a service.
4	Thanks to yelp we found this authentic Mexican restaurant... We were weary about the wait but it wasn't that bad.  The food came pretty quick - service from the wait staff was great, the hostess not so much. So first you get some super spicy salsa with chips and already, there is a party in your mouth.  I ordered the Adovado ribs and it was ultra spicy and ultra good, literally melts in  your mouth and my buddy ordered the tacos (just okay)...  and I got a yummie Margarita - it was a night club in mouth and with the noise, seriously could not concentrate... Very good - will return if we ever go back for Cubs Spring Training...
3	I am going to catch some heat (pun intended) on this one as LDM is considered a sacred cow in this town. I just think it is average and I don't like the location and I am not that impressed with the service. Being a native New Mexican, who knows a tremendous amount about Rio Grande - Nuevo Mexican cuisine and even more about New Mexico chiles (Hatch, Dixon, Espaola, Chimayo, Mesilla Valley, Socorro, Pecos Valley, etc), as well as, the heirloom chile's of the Pueblos and truck farms. You name it, I have been eating them for 42 years by the bushel.I enjoy the pungent flavor of the LDM chile relleno plate that I always have when I've dined there, but I believe the chiles are Mexican. Nothing wrong with Mexican chiles as I love them, BUT I think it is wrong to call the chiles "New Mexican" if they are not. I have had New Mexico chiles there in my dish, but I have had others as well. I can discern the difference and would not claim it if I could not definitively state so. It's like saying here is your glass of Burgundy when your serving a Pinot Noir from the Languedoc. Both are French Pinot Noirs, but they definitely don't taste the same. It is a matter of nuance, and one has a higher market value to consumers. I believe it would be logistically impossible for a restaurant like LGM to only feature New Mexico chiles year round in Phoenix. As well as, their sister restaurants in NYC, Mesa, and Springerville, AZ.  The expense of the amount they would need would be astronomical based on the amount of covers they do. It would require the Franzoy's or Lyttle's entire chile crop to satisfy the demand. Let's face it even if you froze a container of chiles for your restaurant to use, thawed chiles suck compared to savory fresh roasted!My other complaint is owner - mangaer, Cheryl is flat out rude and obnoxious. Friendly and hospitable is the absolute manner in New Mexico (not Santa Fe faux wannabes) cafes and restaurants. She has snapped at me on one occasion and was curt and unresponsive on others. Most New Mexico style restaurateurs would not be taking shopping junkets to Paris and driving canary yellow Corvettes either. You see being wound up on fashion and MAC cosmetics are not typical attributes of New Mexico food...it is simply red or green or "Christmas" on fancy occasions. Comida Deluxe is all about the food. The other serious complaint I have is the terrible Margaritas...reading the other Yelpers go on and on about how great they are makes me scratch my head. Cheap mixto Tequila and bad triple sec makes bad Margarita. Period! Sure if my choice is between Arribas or Los Dos it is a no-brainer...do the Dos. However, both thrive on gimmick of fabled New Mexico food. If you want some simple New Mex, go to Si Senor on Alma School. Cheap, fast and friendly.By the way, I am not attempting to get all Diane Kennedy on you but the food at LDM is not authentic Mexican cuisine! It is Border American at its' best. I am sure that the recipes are traditional to Chef  Victoria's' family and authentic to their culture. The cuisine in New Mexico is not authentic Mexican cuisine either. Neither is Tex-Mex or California Mission examples of AUTHENTIC Mexican. Just like a German National would not recognize a Chicago hot dog as authentic German cuisine even though German immigrants created the Frankfurter. I did not see any Sicilians eating Spagetti and Meatballs last time I was in Vittoria on wine business.
5	If you like your food spicy like me, this is definitely a great place.  I loved my carne avado relleno!  We got a picher of house Margaritas for $21 bucks, they tasted great and we got a great buzz.  I hate paying for Margaritas with no alochol in them, not the case here!
3	5 stars for food + 1 star for margaritas / 2 = 3 stars for Los Dos Molinos. I loved my blue corn enchiladas, my husband's carnitas were decent, but I'm sorry - limeade + tequila does not equal a good margarita. We were shocked when we took our first sip, and the fact that our mouths were already burning from the delicious salsa made the ridiculously sweet and   limey margarita even more disappointing. To the owners - please at least "upgrade" to Jose Cuervo margarita mix. If we could least get a standard mixed margarita (and have to sacrifice fresh citrus and tequila combined together to make a perfect one), we would probably be in your establishment 2-3 times a week. Thank you.
4	Los Dos Molinas has been THE dining destination of choice for cyclists headed to South Mountain. We would ride our bikes there in the morning on Sunday.... they would let us put our bikes safely inside in the back, and we would proceed to chow down on a magnificent fiery hot, carb filled, stick to your ribs meal that would fuel us for the long (and much slower) ride back.  I had my first taste of Huevos Rancheros at Los Dos Molinas..... and my first horchata.  Everything I have EVER eaten there has been wonderful.  It is truly an amazing place.
3	Some like it HOT!!! If you can't take it spicy, this is truly the wrong place for you kid! The food is great and best of all, authentic. Well worth the long wait! Goce!
4	I love it hot and at Los Dos it is almost hot enough for me, and for the average person the food is hot as shit. In comparison to other places the margs are strong, some say the price is high but the comparison is not from my neighbordhood, and at least they have booze in them. I dig the wait while I sit on the patio with a marg or two, you have to learn how to make good us of your time. Good food and drink with a very diverse crowd that I always find entertaining.
2	The salsa is so hot that you'll be hating life the next day with a burning chocolate starfish. Waiters are jerky and the food is way to salty.. I think they want you to buy more of their over priced drinks!They lost the Mr.'s Amex on the last visit and got really bitchy with him because he was upset. Ended up calling Amex and reporting the card stolen and didn't pay for dinner. With that we will never return. However up to that point we had always had a good time there even though its mediocre at best.
4	We LOVE the outdoor seating while waiting for your table and the hot, hot food.  This is a NEW Mexican restaurant, so you don't judge this as Tex-Mex or Mexican.  It is hot, so be aware.  There are warnings.  The wait is long, so plan on people watching on the patio of Tom Mix's former home.
4	Los Dos is not for the weak. If you can't take heat go to taco bell. If you want real authentic delicious mexican this is the spot. The Adobado ribs are so good I want to rub them all over my body before eating them. The shrimp (probably the least spicy thing on the menu) is served in garlc butter and the portions are generous. The rellenos are delicious and the green sauce to die for. There can be quite a wait (up to 2 hours at some points) but grab a drink and have some chips on the patio, it is worth the wait. The sangria tastes like they murdered an entire hibiscus bush to make it, but is strangely very good. I would however stay away from the margaritas, they are pretty watery. They have a sign inside that says "Please control your kids". AWESOME! the last thing I want is a bunch of screaming brats running around while I am trying to enjoy a meal.Now for the complaints - the staff is incredibly rude and pretentious, the wait sucks, the place is noisy, the tables are too close together, the decor is gaudy and the food will burn a hole in your mouth going in and going out... well enough said.Even though the service is poor the experience and food are a must try for any Arizonian.
1	If you enjoy Salt and Lousy Service then this is the spot for you.Honestly, I'm not sure why people are so hype about this place.  Yes the Salsa is spicy but really has no taste to it.  it's like Spicy water.  Everybody in our party of 7 did not even eat a quarter of their meal.The Machaca that i had must have been Marinated, Aged and Cooked in Salt using a Rock Salt Oven and to make matters worse the servers were no where to be found to refill our refreshments as our mouth dried like Cured Hides.This place should have been called Los "Sal" Molinos and should have stayed a Funeral Home and use the large amount of Salt they use for Embalmment.Currently competing with Morton for the #1 spot as Salt distributor in the South West Region.
5	I frequently travel all the way from Gilbert just to eat here. 35 miles of driving which has always been well worth it. I've tried the one in Mesa but I don't find it to be as good as the original. They have amazing New Mexican style cuisine. I do love it spicy though, and they're the spiciest mexican food I've ever had. They do have a lot of non spicy stuff too. Out of town guests I've taken, who aren't into anything spicy, have found it to be very good. I think the milder part of the menu have been just as appetizing, sometimes moreso because you're not sweating bullets and downing 5 glasses of water just to make the burn go away. You can wait a long time for a table, so be prepared to wait, but if you go during off times, like after the lunch crowd or right before the dinner crowd you shouldn't have a wait. The margaritas will kick your ass too. Get a pitcher and make it a day drinking, hotter than hell Mexican extravaganza.
5	First of all. This is not  traditional Mexican fare. It is New Mexico cuisine and makes extensive use of the famous Hatch Chile that is cultivated only in the Hatch valley of New Mexico.With that said, this restaurant has become part of my weekly dining experience (for over 15 years now). You will never find a more flavorful or rewarding "Mexican" meal as long as you live, I've tried throughout the country.One word of advise, once you've tried Los Dos you will never be satisfied with another "Mexican" restaurant. It has ruined an entire category of dining for me. I am so disappointed with all others that I can not enjoy them. I must return to Los Dos on a weekly basis to get my fix. There was even a period of two years in which I moved out of the Phoenix area and went to the extreme of scheduling flight layovers on my business trips destine for other parts of the country in order to dine here.I frequent the finest restaurants in the Phoenix area and place Los Dos in the top ten of this city's best.The wait can be extensive, especial on the weekends and the serve is often lacking to one degree or another, but it simply adds to the atmosphere and the overall experience within the walls of Tom Mix's old homestead (those of more advanced years may appreciate this knowledge).Enjoy!Oh Yeah! You better love it HOT!
4	Love Love Love Los Dos. Love the atmosphere, Love the decor, Love the crap on the walls, Love the sign that says, Please control your kids (and friends). Love the food. Love the shrimp entrees, Love the veggie burro (enchilado style, of course - deep fried and drenched in cheese), Love the margaritas that are bigger than my head and Love Love Love the oh so soft and chewy sopapillas (with honey, of course).The service, on the other hand, is a little more... complex.One time when we were waiting for a table, when the guy called my name he called, "Last chance for Mark D". Last chance? So we jumped up and ran inside just before he gave our table away to someone else. I said WTF? He said, I called your name three times (He did so NOT call my name three times - we were sitting right in front of the door the entire time - there's no way). So I told him that. And we argued about it, went back and forth like.. did TOO, did NOT, did TOO, did NOT), until I spotted the other guy - the nice guy - standing behind him shaking his head (they've kind of got this good cop / bad cop thing going over there), and the nice guy was just shaking his head, as if to say, "Ah, don't worry about him, he's just in a bad mood." So we didn't, we sat down, ate some fabulous food, downed some rocking 'ritas and had a great time as always. Here's the thing I want you to take away from that story: Even though it does seem like there's always at least one employee "in a bad mood", and the service may not be exactly friendly, it is attentive. I've never had to wait very long for anything, or not gotten what I wanted, I just maybe didn't get it with a smile. And for me, for this place, that's fine. That's just the way it is there. I think it helps knowing that going in. In my opinion, the food and atmosphere more than make up for it. Hell, I keep going back and back and back and back...
2	Ay ay ay ay!  This place has so many crazy rules!  Two are listed below...1. can't usually accommodate big parties unless the party has 25 people or more and then the banquet room can be used.  For a party of 18, this was a bit frustrating but we were there for a birthday party and wasn't going to stress about it.2.  When you order a pitcher of margarita, you can only have four glasses.  So for six, you have to order two pitchers! not a bad rule, I guess, but is there a need for this rule at all?I was forewarned that the food is especially spicy.  I can attest with minor burns on my tongue from the salsa as evidence.  I am sensitive to spicy food but was really intent on trying the house specialty, adovada, which is as spicy as the salsa.  I ordered chimichanga with beef adovada a la carte, since I was full from chips and spicy salsa and two pitchers of margarita!  I also asked for a side salad but they don't serve side salad, so the server offered to add extra lettuce garnish on the plate.My chimichanga was plated on a platter with tons of shredded iceberg lettuce surrounding it.  WOW for the lettuce garnish.  Was it prescience, common sense, or clairvoyance that made me order a pile of lettuce with my meal?  Whatever the impetus for this action, it was a smart move as the adovada was on the salty side, packed with spicy heat!  If you take the salt away, it would just be spicy.  If you take the spice away, it would just be salty.  Chili peppers do have a flavor to them, and I like it when that tartness, or bitter-sour flavor comes through, and the spice envelopes it in texture.  The spiciness was so poignant that it numbed my tongue a bit, unable to taste, and which could explain why it was salted the way it was.  The additional sides of the lettuce, sour cream, and guacamole really rounded out the chimi, and I ended up enjoying my meal.  the third pitcher of margarita could have helped reach the level of enjoyment.Los Dos Molinos seems to be a favorite place but for reasons of which I am not certain.  I liked my meal, but was not spectacular, the prices were not so good that I would come back for cheap eats, the location was too far to add to my rotation...My rec, is to go with three other people, (four total) who like the adrenaline rush of super spicy salsa.
4	Rightly famous for hot, hot Mex. Yeah, I've seen cowboys cry.
2	After months of avoiding Los Dos Molinos in favor of places with better service and margaritas, we decided to return last Saturday night and give the place another chance. We were actually even less impressed with the experience than last time. My blue corn enchiladas were still quite good, but my husband's chimichanga was just average. I guarantee you that you can get a better chimichanga for half the price at many of the other great Mexican restaurants in South Phoenix. The accompanying rice was also really dry; I think the rice at Poncho's is a lot better. I also gave the tequila-flavored limeade--I mean, margaritas--another chance, but was still completely disgusted by them. The most amusing part is that after I told the server that I found them to be too limey and sweet last time, he admitted that they mix the margaritas up in advance and that if the server doesn't properly "stir" the mix, they can be "too sweet." He then promised me that it would be "better this time." I guess I'm a sucker for ordering one anyway (I guess I had this morbid desire to see if it was really going to be as bad as last time), but shame on Los Dos Molinos for approaching margarita-making like they're serving drinks at a college party. Finally, the service is totally pretentious for no reason. I understand that this restaurant is very popular, but I don't feel that the owners take much pride in putting out consistently good-quality food and drinks or in being a place where people feel comfortable and want to linger with friends. Los Dos Molinos must always be so busy because people are lured by the exotic spiciness (and maybe falsely equate spiciness with authenticity), but I have a feeling that discerning restaurant-goers who notice (and care about) the details might not be in love with the place.
2	The food here is good, but last time we went it was 8:55pm on a friday night and the host looked at us like we grew another head when we wanted to be seated for dinner. He basically chased us out of the restaurant. SERIOUSLY! Another place where service breaks it for me, and so I won't go there anymore.
1	I don't know what Frommers was thinking when they rated this place a *find* -  I think it should have stayed lost.Ross and I have been trying to eat there for three years.  Every time we tried to stop in we discovered a wait list of an hour and a crowded patio of waiting (read: drunk on margaritas) patrons.  One night our timing was perfect and we got in with a 5 minute wait. I can't imagine what all the hooplah is about that place.  I can only speculate that the folks who are waiting an hour to get a table are so drunk that their tastebuds are numb when they finally get to eat.I was very underwhelmed. So much so that I don't even want to spend the energy describing what I got to eat (tamales).  What's worse is that I didn't even like the chips in salsa.  Now that's pathetic.Native and tourists - stay away.
5	Whenever I want really good (New) Mexican food, I will go to Los Dos Molinos always & forever. I love the building (old hacienda former home of actor Tom Mix), I love the kick-ass margaritas, and I think about the carnitas more often than normal. My family has been going for years and years so I my perspective on the service is skewed, i love the sassy servers I see every time I go.  But even I know, if you show up less than a half hour before closing, they will give a loud exasperated sigh, look at their watch, then up at the clock, then back and you, and then possibly seat you. Maybe.But there is a special place in my heart & stomach for Los Dos and this is by far my favorite location. It's a fun place to go with a group because no one cares how loud or tipsy you get and it's semi-amusing to see your friends get shot down when they ask for mild sauce.. just fyi. they don't do that. They "don't know HOW" to make mild sauce.
4	I've been to this one and the one in Mesa on Alma School. The food is excellent. In terms of food only, I think it's arguably the best in the valley.  It's spicy, flavorful and well prepared.  Anything on the menu is delicious. Regarding the "spice" factor. If you are not used to eating ethnic food or spicy food, the salsa will be really hot for you so avoid it. If you are used ot eating Indian, Thai, Chinese etc. then you will actually like the sauce and question why all the other salsas in the valley are bad.  That being said, the Service is horrible and it's been horrible for the last 10 years or so.  They charge for refills on chips. They give you very little chips in a small tin bowl.  They don't refill your drinks. They take forever before you order.  They are inflexible in altering items to cater to vegetarians (Im not vegetarian but I've been there with vegetarians). The waiters have attitude. If the service was somewhat respectable, I would eat there more often. Still the food is delcisious but go there with the expectation that you will pay a lot of moneyand endure horrible service.  This is one of the few places in Phoenix that I will endure bad service because the food is so good.
1	Can't believe the good hype this place gets.  Very disappointed. Had heard such good reviews everywhere.  The margaritas, too pricey - served in plastic glasses - were weak and a few steps below lime aid - we waited in the patio - had to get our own drinks and no chips/salsa while we waited for our table -  food was decent but nothing to rave about, really lame to have to pay extras for additional chips and salsa and the forks were ,even though not plastic, like something out of a camping or picnic kit - won't go back - too many other really good Mexican places in the valley."
4	My boy LOVES this place, and I must say it is good. On my MmmMMmmm (yum list): ~margaritas - tasty and strong (for me!)~guacamole~chicharrones~Pork Platter (I think the pork dishes might have been a special of some sort, sooooo tender...mmmmm)~Pork StewAlso heard the Adovada Ribs are delicious. Extra plus! The decor! It's absolutely colorful and crazy and bright. Only negative I can think of is there is one guy that works here who has major attitude -- He really shouldn't be working in a people-oriented establishment if he hates them so. But then the rest of the staff were so very friendly and lovely and helpful. Three cheers for Los Dos Molinos! Oh, and if you like spicy, you've come to the right place. :)
5	There is no better old school-style Mexican food in the valley. The wait is never as long as your friends have complained that it is and the food is great! Get a pitcher (or two) of sangria and the enchiladas (red) with a fried egg!
4	The fire factory, as I like to call it, is now open on Sundays for Sunday Funday. It's too bad this location is the only one open on Sundays. Los Dos Molinos takes spicy to a new level. Some of the dishes here, even for a native of Phoenix, are so hot they are inedible. I've had everything on the menu, multiple times, and my favorites are the Mexican Pizza, Carnitas, Garlic Shrimp, and the Red Beef Burro Enchilada Style. The Jalapeno green salsa is incredible as well. They serve up some great margaritas, though for the best margs, visit the Washington Street location as they seem to be better at mixing. There is a reason Los Dos has been around for as long as it has, and has received all of it's national press.
5	This is my favorite Mexican restaurant of all times.  Hot as it gets.  It's now an addiction that must be feed at least 2-3 times a month.  I favor the cheese enchilada dinner with green sauce. The margaritas are a call for the new light rail, cab ride or definite designated driver.  Strong stuff. My husband loves any of the pork dishes.  Always get a homemade tortilla. Yes, there is a wait.  If you need to eat right away, go at 11am or 5pm.
1	This place reminds me of Fat Tuesdays.  It's a place where tourists and college students go to get nasty drunk but don't expect good food.  The food is incredibly spicy but lacks quality and actual flavor.  It's as if they spiced up the food so they can sell you more margaritas.  If you wanna go just to get messed up on margaritas, which you kinda end up doing while you're waiting to either be seated or served your food, then the place is perfect for you.  Unless you're a tourist - don't expect any decent customer service.  The place is an old mortuary redone into a restaurant.  It needs some SERIOUS updating, hell, just get a hose and wash the inside clean!!  It's sticky and nasty!
3	I really like Los Dos Molinos - I have been going there on and off for close to 20 years!  The food is excellent Southwestern, New Mexico style cooking in a casual, traditional family-run restaurant environment.  My only complaint is the same as one of my likes!  The food can be too hot!  There are not options to get the food a bit less hot (spicy!), so you have to be prepared for the spicy hot - but the flavor is well worth it!  I recently had the posole which was fantastic - and it is one of the few places outside of New Mexico where you can finish a meal off with Sopapillas (always a treat!).Overall, I highly recommend Los Dos Molinos (but be prepared for even the menu items not marked as spicy to have some heat! - but great flavor!!).
4	Ad this place to the bizarre Phoenix list. Don't get me wrong, the food is scorching and stellar, but everything else about this complex of tiny shacks in South Phoenix is a mindscrew. If you don't get there right when they open at 5, prepare to wait. And it might be a loooong wait. When you finally do get called in, there's about 12 different dining rooms you could be sitting in. Sure, they're all eclectic, but some are downright strange. The main dining room, with all kinds of crap hanging from the ceilings, is excellently atmospheric, in a kitschy sort of way. As far as the grub, the New Mexican chilies they use are killer. They'll attack your taste buds throughout the meal, but they provide rich, complex flavors that can't be beat. The salsas, both the red (burn-your-ass hot) and the green (semi-burn-your-ass hot) are both as flavorful as any I've had. I get everything covered in the green, and I order a lot of margaritas. They come just as strong as the salsas.
3	We arrived at 8, were told it was a two hour wait on the patio, and we were seated within an hour.  Waiting with perfect margaritas was great--but the salsa choices suck and the chips were a little stale.  There's red-hot red and fiery tomatillo, and the gringo in our group couldn't enjoy chips n salsa at all.  Maybe there's a third option they don't tell you about?  I dunno.  The red salsa tasted like the red peppers you sprinkle on pizza, blended with oil in a Cuisinart.  Not my favoritestyle--I prefer a touch more of the tomato.My carnitas were pretty bland, frankly, but everything else our table ordered was pretty solid.  Chimis and enchiladas with flavorful, nasty-hot green and red sauces.  This is one place where I'd actually order a hamburger on the side for your out of town guests, just in case they can't stand the heat.A Phoenix legend that everyone should try for themselves.  I got unlucky this time with my order--ten years ago I remember loving whatever I had.
3	!! WARNING !!Their wait staff will tell you (on multiple occasions) that their sauces are NOT made with wheat flour.  Unfortunately, this is only true SOME of the time.  After breaking out in hives hours after eating here, I called and spoke to the owner's daughter.  It turns out that sometimes she uses corn starch and sometimes she uses flour.  WTF?  The moral of the story is, either ask the owner every time you come in, or avoid the sauces.
4	Ok, if you don't like the heat- stay the hell out of the kitchen!Mexican food is supposed to be spicy and HOT!  This place definitely delivers the heat, I mean their chili's really pack a punch, they way it should be.  Yes, it is one of those hole in the wall places, so if you prefer a squeaky clean and modern establishment, go eat some bland wanna be Mexican food in Scottsdale and pay for the ambience.  The salsa's here are really good and flavorful.  Enchiladas, rice, and beans - YUM!  The Posole is right on the money, so delicious and full of flavor.If you like it hot (the food) and you aren't going out to eat to be dazzled by the establishment then give it a shot, but go with the right expectations or just don't bother because it clearly isn't for everyone.
1	**** Warning danger bring a fire extinguisher!****Can you say FREAKING HOT!  I am all for a little spice in my food but holy GEEZUS!OK for those of you that like hot hot hot I mean burn your face off then later your BUTT! You might enjoy this plethora of torture. Me not so much! My dumb-ass sister drug me and 4 other family members that were visiting from Illinois to this fire pit of hell!We ordered 2 pitchers of Margarita's that were more like dinking lemonade. Yuck and they were way over priced 30.00 each Kick - ass pitcher my ass. I asked our server "how hot is the green chili"? His response to me was "it's mild". I then proceeded to order the Machaca chimichanga with green chili sauce. I love a good Machaca Chimi. We waited for our meal sipping the lemonade AKA Margarita, munching very salty chips. Mine without salsa because one bite of that left the tip of my tongue stinging!The food arrived it was a huge portion; I thought there is a go box in my future. I took the first bite, more dough than anything as usual with a Chimi. The second bite brought my temperature up about 10 degrees. I continued thinking I must have gotten a seed or chunk of pepper. The third bite woohoo 3 alarm fire in my mouth! After sucking back an entire glass of water and several tortilla chips. I decided it was the green Chile sauce on top and began pushing it off and away from my Chimi. I go in for the middle of the Chimi where the Machaca is and no sauce. Hells bells are you kidding me that bite was the hottest of them all like I had found the scotch bonnet surprise!!!!!!!!! I surrender! I cannot continue with the taste bud massacre. I think I am scarred for life. At this point my lips are burning, I am sweating, and I am devouring a bowl of chips trying to put out the inferno raging inside my mouth. My poor cousins are experiencing the same type of hell. All except for my cousin Jenny who has no tolerance for heat and got the most expensive cheese crisp in Phoenix 6.95. Its cheese and a tortilla people! I stopped the server and said there is no possible way I can eat this it is entirely too hot. Is there anything on the menu other than the cheese crisp that is not hot? He brought me the menu; I found a garlic shrimp dish and ok sounds good for 13.95 I got 5 very large shrimp covered in melted cheese. They tasted like the following recipe place 5 large shrimp in a small casserole dish sprinkle with as little garlic powder as possible, add a hand full of cheese then put in the microwave until cheese melts. It was awful gag gag gag; it had no flavor at all I could even taste cheese. Ok I will wrap this up as I now am rambling away. I am not a spice whimp I love Wasabi and lots of it, but this kind of hot is not for the average person who likes hot. I cannot tell you if the spicy dish was good because the heat ruined it for me and my family. My sister is the only one who liked it. I will not be back, not worth the drive, the time, the money or the recovery!
5	This place is the Pizzeria Bianco of the Phoenician Mexican food world -- excruciatingly long waits, questionably overpriced, occasionally brusque staff. Unlike PB (which represents a wildly successful marketing coup), Los Dos is a wonderful little oasis in the armpit of South Phoenix. My SO and I have been going for an embarrassing number of years (and, accordingly, the staff is super welcoming and we rarely wait). He occasionally demands a birthday dinner there, Los Dos style -- they turn the lights off, bang pots and pans, scream their heads off, and bring a festive dessert.Yes, the food is hot. Do you not know this when you go? I mean, you don't drive by this place on your way to the mall and think 'gee, we should try that sometime'. You are going to be in pain at both ends, my friends, but it's delicious. Even their sour cream is special, tweaked by the addition of subtle flavors of mysterious spices.The margaritas may have grown weaker over the years, or perhaps my liver has just ramped up to keep pace. I've gotten falling down sloppy shitfaced here many a time. The haters are just pissed off that the staff served their bratty attitudes right back to them instead of kissing their plump asses as they are so accustomed to and/or they are transferring their embarrassment about being pussies about the hot food. Tough titty. More for us!
3	Very tasty food and quite spicy although I was a bit disappointed in the margaritas that I heard were excellent. They don't have mild sauces here so prepare to lick the salt and have the water handy. Although they say service is not good here I haven't had a problem and found the staff to be quite friendly and prompt. Tasty tacos just order something other than a marg to accompany your meal.
3	It has been awhile since my taste buds have been assaulted by the grand poobah of New Mexican cuisine, but the memory is still fresh in my mind.  It's kind of like the first time you had sex  -- it may not have been that pleasant of an experience, but you'll never forget it. Los Dos Molinos is a spicy food lovers dream. If you like to sweat while you eat and like to eat jalapenos like they're M&Ms, then by all means get yourself to Los Dos. The food is THAT spicy, but it isn't too overpowering, that is, if you pick the right entree. I've had their red cheese enchiladas, and they ARE muy caliente. And, you think the beans will cool off your tongue? Nope, those are laced with jalapenos as well. The only way to truly cool off the explosion of spice in your mouth is with a nice, cold, frozen or on the rocks Margarita.Overall, I enjoy Los Dos for what it is -- an adventure for my taste buds. I have to say, though, it isn't a place I could go to on a regular basis; I don't think my stomach could handle it. But, it is a fun place to take those out-of-town guests who've never experienced real Southwestern food. They'll leave with either a smile or a scowl. But whichever way, they'll never forget it!
3	Adovado pork melts in your mouth. The rest is nothing special. I don't usually go there unless I'm with a group that insists on going because the wait is ridiculous and not worth it!
4	Great NM-style food.  I think I've been to nearly every location, including the original in Springerville, and this is the best.I've been here many times and had only one iffy experience at Los Dos: the food was mediocre and (gasp) NOT TOO SPICY when we went several months ago.  But don't worry, we just went again a few weeks ago, and all is well.  I ordered my usual cheese enchiladas with fried egg on top and enjoyed a Bohemia beer to help wash down the hot salsa and spicy enchilada sauce.Yes, I will return.  And I recommend the same for you.  Just remember that on busy Friday/Saturday nights, you can expect to enjoy several margaritas in the courtyard as you wait to be seated.  They take no reservations and this is a popular gem in the South Mountain area.
1	I do not like you either.I mean its obvious you must not like me, serving shredded chicken in a burrito that tastes CANNED!You call that salsa? That is hot sauce in a cup. Come on. I like spicy food, but give a guy some options here.No bar area either...thats kind of lame.So yeah, we won't ever be friends. I'll be down the street at Pancho's instead.
4	Do you like spicy??  I LOVE spicy...and I can definitely get it here!!!  The food is really good, very flavorful and super spicy.  I love the restaurant's vibe too.  This is a place you will go to and then continue to crave on a regular basis...too bad it's soooooo far away.  Not too fond of the other location...just not as good.
4	Great food, neat location. Salsa is fantastic. Worth the wait to get in. Favorite meal is the enchiladas with the egg on top. Everything is good. If you only have time to go to one Mexican restaurant in Phoenix this is the one. Only problem (and the reason I only gave it 4 stars) is that they close the place or go on vacation randomly and even if you call to make sure the place is open they do not update their phone message. We have gone there two or three times and found the place closed on a night they normally are open even though their message said they were open. We have also been to the Mesa and Downtown locations and while the food is as good it is not the same experience as going to the Central Ave. location.
5	I love this place.My partner and I live in Minneapolis, and while there is some decent Mexican food here recently, we crave the good stuff when we are traveling closer to the border.  I think we saw Los Dos Molinos on a TV show about hot food, or something like that.  So when we were in town we drove out to the restaurant.  I can't really comment on crowds (as some reviewers have done) since we were there at a slow time of day.  Service was attentive.  We ordered beer and enjoyed the chips & (hot!) salsa.  And then we got our food.  I think I went through several beers during the meal-- bite of (HOT!) food, sip of beer.  Bite of (HOT!) food, sip of beer.  And so on.  But the (HOT!) food was so good (as was the beer) that I couldn't stop myself from finishing the whole (HOT!) meal.  I'm not always a spicy-food guy, but I loved it.  My face was sweating, the food was so spicy!  My partner was laughing at me about it; it was all good.So, to sum up:  It was really, really tasty.  Hot and tasty.  It is absolutely like nothing in Minneapolis, and I miss it.  We will be visiting again, next time we're in town.
5	Relatively new visitor to Phoenix.  Found this place in Phoenix New Times paper. Drove a half hour from Tempe with teenage daughter, prospective ASU student on college visit.Peak time, 8PM Sat. Night.  Wait--15 minutes. Waited in outside patio--folk art, kitsch, object's d'art, totally entertaining enviro. Finally, off to distant dining room. Kinda funky. Walls, windows not exactly immaculate.Drinks, Chips, Salsa(s).  Chips, so-so. Both green and red salsas--fantastic.  Long wait for entrees, several Bohemias.  Entrees finally arrive. Good God! I get the Adovada (red chile sauce), my daughter gets the Green Chile Beef. Both dishes are mind-blowing. Flavors are bright, spicy, yes!, but full of flavor. This food is not for the Chile's crowd. Food is full of personality, the beans with the Adovada are nuts, flavors I can't quite put my finger on, and ridiculously spicy. My daughter's green chile sauce is sensational. None of this taste's like New Mexican food, it's quite something else. Absolutely delicious, assertive as hell, the least bashful food imaginable.Only complaint....too much food. Brrrppp! Service was quasi-attentive, a little slow, but not annoying. Vibe was great.
2	It was a rare cloudy day in Phoenix when I visited this place. I was hoping to try what I had been told is some of the spiciest Mexican food in town.  I went despite it being in a dangerous part of town. My friend and I arrived and the patio looked like a garage sale full of random colorful items cluttered about. Inside was a bit claustrophobic with low ceilings and decorations strewn about the walls.  The tables had odd warnings about children and drink refills that did not seem fitting for a sit down restaurant. I ordered the Chile relleno plate.  After time our chips and salsa came. the chips were think, heavy and cold. The super hot salsa was not very spicy at all and apparently you only get one bowl as we never received any more, also quite odd for this format.  Our meals came and I was excited to try a spicy Chile however it was quite mediocre lacking much cheese filling or on top. The rice and beans were quite standard too. I would have enjoyed some salsa to put on my rice however they never bought any more.We paid cash at the front cash register as the waiter will not handle your bill.Overall this place seemed overpriced, low quality and a bit low brow. Go try Serrano's or Arriba for a better meal.
2	I'd heard so many good things about this place and was really expecting a great meal, but it didn't happen. We got there early on a Saturday(5:30)- which was good because the place filled up fast. That was the only thing that happened fast there. We only got one menu that four of us had to share and after about 20 minutes had our drink orders taken. I had a sangria, which was ok, but tasted mostly like grape kool-aid. We got chips and salsa-which was depleted in 5 minutes between four of us. We asked for more and got it only after we asked again.  Three of us got the chicken enchiladas and we all agreed that they were ok, not quite good, and far from great. JD had the special- a chorizo pizza. It was really salty and greasy but the crust was kind of crispy, surprisingly. We got another round of drinks and ordered sopapillas to go. This took forever! I didn't eat mine, but heard that they were worth the wait later. I seriously doubt it. Not planning a return trip here.
5	THis is my all time favorite restaurant. I used to live 10 minutes away and ate there all of the timeThe food is super spicy.. spicier then I have ever had anywhere else.Fresh and service has always been great. DEFINITELY not for people who do not like it spicy!The blue corn open face enchiladas with the egg on top is what my dreams are made of! Awesome place..
4	I've been hearing about this place for a while, finally got to try it out on Saturday for dinner.  We got there around 5 and got right in, but by the time we left there was a 20-30 minute wait, so get there early.  It was cold and rainy so we sat inside, but it has a huge patio that would be pretty nice on a warm sunny day.  I got a special recommended by the server which was a chile relleno with carne adovada, and a green corn tamale on the side.  Both were pretty awesome, the pork is super tender and melts in your mouth, and the chile was coated with egg batter, cheese and green chile sauce, tasty.  The tamale was soft and simple, just how they should be, again covered with the chile sauce and cheese.  My wife had the chicken enchiladas with blue corn tortillas in red sauce, topped with fried egg.  Never seen the egg on top before but it was really good, break the yolk and let it become part of the sauce.  The beans were pretty good and the rice has a good bite to it as well.     I also had a couple of margaritas, nothing special but plentiful, giant glasses.  The food defiantely had a little spice to it but nothing like i had expected after hearing everyone talk about it.  Maybe i just have a high tolerance for chiles.     The decor was pretty interesting as well.  Tons of chotchkies all over the walls and hanging from the ceiling.  There were actually two molinos though.  Cool place, lots of color and stuff to keep your eyes busy.  All in all, great meal, good service, and entertaining environment. I will be back.
5	as a proud native northern new mexican, i have to admit, this place gives MOST santa fe and albq traditional new mexican restaurants a run for it's money.  the wait can be a bit long, but the food and service is delightfully spicy.  fun atmosphere and great food.  if you dont like spicy hot, this is not the place for you.  definitely a favorite for me and my family (who still live back home) since i moved here over 6 years ago.
2	I had heard a lot about how great and authentic Los Dos Molinos is. I finally gave it a try and maybe my expectations were too high because I wasn't impressed. I grew up near Mexico and even lived there for a short while, so I have a pretty discerning taste for Mexican food. Mexican food does not only equal spicy. Sure, spicy flavors are a common part of Mexican foods, but there are so many other delicious flavors involved. I felt that if Los Dos took out the "heat", there'd be nothing but bland food remaining. I can handle spice, but give me some flavor in my food! Also, the margaritas were not very good. They tasted like they were straight from a really cheap margarita mix. Yes, we did have good laugh over several of the people at our table who broke a sweat while they were eating, but would I call the food and flavors delicious? Definitely not. The restaurant has a festive decor and is perhaps a good place to take out-of-towners to laugh at them while they eat spicy food, but if you're looking for  flavorful Mexican food, I wouldn't recommend Los Dos.
4	My Tia recommended Los Dos to me; she's the best cook I know so I felt obligated to check it out.  While the location can scare off some, I have never had a problem and it has always been worth it.  I must say, Los Dos is not for the wary as you will experience VERY spicy food, be overwhelmed by ceiling decorations and bright colors, and possibly deal with a wait.Their motto is "Some like it hot" and its no joke; if you don't mind sweating and sniffling then this is the place to go!  I consider myself quite the critic when it comes to Mexican food, and I have to say, the rice and beans are excellent, great flavors, homemade tortillas, hot salsas, a great chile relleno, and good service.  If I were to nitpick, my complaints would be the sangria and seat comfortability.  All in all, this is authentic Mexican and a great local favorite.
5	I hardly ever give 5 stars, but this place definitely deserves it! I just had the best Mexican food at this joint and it was spicy as hell. We had no clue this place cooked everything super spicy, but that's exactly how I love my food so I was super duper happy. They bring you chips and 2 different salsas to start (red chili and salsa verde) and they are both spicy with chunks of chili peppers in them. We told the manager how much we loved the salsas and he went on to tell us how everything they make is from scratch, including the tortillas. I ordered the taco and red chili cheese enchilada platter with rice and beans. I'm a hard critic when it comes to enchiladas and they are super authentic and delicious here! Be warned though: the beans and the red chili sauce are really really really spicy! I wasn't expecting that kind of heat in the beans and I'm definitely paying for it right now as I type, but it was sooooo worth it. I'm a true fan and will definitely return very soon!
4	This is my favorite Mexican food place on the planet.  If you are ever in Phoenix, you must go to this location.  Apparently this is the old Tom Mix house.  The famous silent western actor from our past.  The food is killer and the margaritas are very strong.  Keep in mind the food here is super hot!  When you sit down, they bring a red and a green small cup of salsa.  You think ok I can do this.....But, they also put down a pitcher of water!  The salsa is BRUTAL.  In a great way of course.  Go here, its super tasty...Everything on the menu rules...
1	I say I will never return after waiting 1.5 hours to eat mediocre food, but I do it anyway, Maybe it is me hoping that It will be better the next time I go. It was as disappointing as the last 8 times have been there!Had friends in town visiting and they wanted to meet and eat there. We got there with a large group, and was told if we call an hour ahead of time, we would be OK. Wrong! It was a Saturday night and of course it was busy. So I understand that. The wait is not bad because of the bar outside, but $3 for chips and salsa? $21 for a pitcher of Ice and Sangria (more ice)? luckily there are comfy seats to consume the overpriced drinks with a bunch of grouchy hungry people! Finally a gentleman from our group went in and said we would squeeze into a corner booth if they let us. That is what we did. I did not mind the squeezing, actually it was kinda fun. But after we ordered the drinks and then waiting for a waiter who was a smart ass - It was getting old. The interior is cool, the booths are an old carved wood and with all the crap on the walls, you know there is some history. The patio is comfy in the springtime, but feels like the owners took their old patio furniture to work. There is plenty of places to sit, but it is someway awkward. Careful, You might turn an ankle on the patio with all the chairs.Ordered the Blue Corn Chicken Enchiladas with Red Chile. I know this place is not a New Mexican style place. My family roots are in New Mexico and I know what is Hot and good New Mexico cooking. So I do not know why I expected that from my order. The food came and is was not a heaping large portion of rice and beans and entree like you normally get. I thought that was chincy. I dug into the meal and found the tortilla to look like it was a dyed blue, not a real blue corn tortilla! My wife's order came with rice and she barely got a spoonful portion. WTH? Where was the meat? The rice use to be hot too, but someone must have raised hell that it made all the food so spicy that there was no flavor. Now it is a normal mexican food place boring rice. Although spicy, everyone was on the clean plate club, not because it was not good, but because we were starving! One person in the group ordered the Tamale, and it looked REALLY GOOD! She said it was good. Dinner at 6:30 - it was not going to happen. We finally left at 9:45!Everyone left kinda disappointed. I left muttering the same words... never again!
4	I'm a fan of the Los Dos!!! A lot. A lot. A lot!!! If I have a friend in from out of town and they want a good representation of Mexican food and atmosphere here, this is where we head to. The building is just beautiful, and when you walk in to see the patio area, I don't know anyone that could not fall in love with it's complete randomness that somehow matches perfectly. The statue of liberty, the fountain, the old bicycle.. it's briliant!!The food is also incredible. I crave the salsa constantly and the sopapillas are a force to be reckoned with. So far I've had the carnitas and the adovada and love it. I like that Los Dos isn't afraid of spice and doesn't wimp out for it's customers. It's authentic Mexican, take it or leave it.I've had a good time here both with small and large groups though with a large group our orders got all confused as it was hard to hear the orders the server was shouting and they were just set down anywhere. However, it will not stop me from a return.
4	Went to lunch at Los Dos Molinos today and was impressed once again. I always like to ask the server what their favorite thing on the menu is and hate it when I get the most expensive response, today I didn't! I was recommended to the Chicken Enchilada plate. I am normally not an enchilada type of guy, not enough substance for me and usually too much tortilla. However these proved me wrong.The enchiladas were piled high with moist shredded chicken and covered in Green Chile(not for the faint if heart). Then it was all brought together by melted cheese which was crisped to perfection. Another great experience at Los Dos however if this is your first time there is a reason why each table gets its own pitcher of water!
4	Fantistically festicy, seriously spicy, and always an adventure.  This place is a Phoenix staple, there is no other place like it.  from the patio to the decor it is all one of a kind.  I like the traditional Mexican food (I recommend the Carnitas).  However, mostly everything is seriously spicy, so take the chili warnings to heart.
4	To all those who say that los dos is not authentic mexican food, you are right.  It's new mexican food loud and proud putos.  Get delicious, spicy, enchiladas, machaca, chile rellenos and carne adovada served new mexican style.  The service here is somewhat sketch at times, but the margaritas are tasty and the salsas are delish and put a fire on your tongue that necessitates mas margarita which equals mas divertido.  My favorite thing that they serve, carne adovada tacos, is actually not on the menu at this location (i usually go to the downtown location), but the enchiladas, carne adovada, and salsas are legitima.
5	Hands down, best Mexican in town! Went there, for the 5th or 6th time, for our 1st anniversary and Los Dos never disappoints! Awesome food and ambiance, We will return again and again!
4	I've eaten here about 10 times and I get the same thing every single time.  So take this review for what it is.... limited in scope.  The Margarita's are fantastic. I enjoy them.  The chips and salsa are good, and of course the salsa is HOT. The dish I love is the chicken enchiladas with a cooked egg on top. Not as good as Mi Nidito in Tucson, but still pretty darn good and worth the trip.
4	great and HOT HOT HOT.  by pass the other locations and only head to this one.  best atmosphere and food.  change a bit over the years, a little more commerical, but still a must dine at in phoenix.
4	I am not going to say this is the fanciest nor best Mexican food I have ever had, but it is up in the top 20%. There hours are a little weird; and the place fills up fast. I am a spicy type of soul; so this is really the place for me. If you are going to go with a pitcher of Margarita's; I recommend upgrading a bit. The prices are reasonable, but the charges for extra salsa kind of irked me a bit. The crew there is a little slow paced, as I noticed many people had the same feeling we did. The location is a little out of the loop, but after a Dbacks or Sun's game, it is well worth the extra ten minute drive south!
5	If you like it spicy, this is the best Mexican food in town.  This is where you take out of town guests who say they like spicy Mexican food.  Whatever you get, ask them to put a fried egg on top, everything is better with an egg on top.
3	Food: Good but most entrees are spicy. Also not too many choices for vegetarians... Prices aren't too bad.Setting: The decor's tacky to the nth degree. Chandeliers made from beer bottles, plastic vegetables hanging down from the ceiling etc. The place looks like a junk yard... Also they had some mist/water coming down in their outside seating area. Ladies, if you straighten your hair, don't come here...Service: Seemed slow for most tables but I did tell the waiter to hurry it up. He brought the food in 9 mins... Yes I timed him. :)
5	los dos molinos is like an acid trip. no, i've never actually been on acid, but it's kinda what i imagine it would be like. the first thing i liked about LDM.... it's not located in some strip mall or random parking lot. it's out in the boonies, man. as my brother drove us all out there, i kept thinking, where the hell are we going?we got there and i was immediately giggly. it looked like a crazy person decorated it, and i love crazy people. there is no rhyme or reason to the interior design scheme, it's all over the place. for some reason though, it made me happy. the patio looked so inviting, but with the weather topping out at about 118 degrees that day, we decided inside was best. we walk in and there's no one around. no one. we actually started wandering around in their back kitchen and offices just to find someone.(it was very clean BTW) it was odd that the place seemed so deserted even though they had just opened. it felt weird no one was around to greet us. so we forged on.finally, someone showed up and seated us. then, like some moon beam shining upon the masses, the crowd started parading in. we ordered one of their pitchers of sangria with an abundance of pretty fruit floating in it. we poured over the menu discussing our options like our lives depended on it. as someone who makes their own homemade sangria, i was especially impressed with their recipe. oh so good, and so refreshing.next we all ordered. i got the carnitas dinner, the rest of our group ordered the relleno dinner, the tamales, the enchiladas. the carnitas were cooked exactly how i love..... juicy, but crispy on the outside. the rest of my dining companions chowed down like horny sailors at a whore house. one of those meals where there is more eating than chatting. as the dinner winded down, we ordered margaritas for dessert. i don't remember too much after that 5th margarita, but let me tell you, it was f'ing FANTASTIC!los dos molinos means the "two grinders" (chili grinders) in spanish. but i don't really care, i just want to go eat their food and drink their tequila.acudir de inmediato! los dos molinos.... te amo con todo mi corazon!
5	It's crazy I forgot to review this, so here goes ...  I could sum up my review of Los Dos Molinos by a statement the slightly intoxicated gentleman sitting next to me blurted out on my 1st visit here. And here goes:I just saw Jesus in my beans.Done.  Well, the beans he almost saw Jesus in were those on the plate of the Adovada Ribs. Hot. Hot. Hot. Way too delicious.  Not the ribs dish you're envisioning, you create mini burritos with this dish of spicy deliciousness. A local favorite. An out-of-towner never forget! I always go back whenever I'm in town...Tell Jesus HI ... ;)
2	I went to Los Dos Molinos with high hopes, having heard great things about it.  The service was decent, though the wait staff just brought the check without asking if we wanted anything else.  The salsas (both red and green) were easily the highlight of the visit.  I may go back just to buy the salsa.  The chile relleno wasn't bad, but the rice was clearly yesterday's leftovers and the beans had a funky vinegar taste.  The sopapillas were also not what I was  expecting.  It wasn't bad food, but it certainly wasn't the best ever, either.  The decor was cute and fun.
5	My favorite place for amazing Mexican food!I came here with a bunch of friends for the first time a while back. Never would I have expected such amazing food from this hidden treasure.The restaurant: First of all, you wait outside in this crazy-awesome decorated patio, where the bar is opened to you and friends to have drinks while your table is being prepared. It gets pretty busy (and I can see why) so you can expect to enjoy the unique patio for a while. Which, is perfect when you're with a bunch of friends!The bar: we had one drink: the HUGE pitcher of margaritas. It's about $25 and you get and entire pitcher of margaritas. They are probably some of the best ones I've had here in Phoenix.The food: is truly amazing. I had the enchilada with a fried egg on top. The size was more than enough and everything about it was perfect!The service: I really couldn't tell you how quick the service was. I was having such a great time with friends (and the margaritas) that time wasn't even on my mind. For a great time, awesome food and great margaritas, come here! :)
3	We came to this place on a recommendation from a local, since we're from out of town and were in the mood for some mexican fare. The food was good, I ordered the garlic shrimp which was a house specialty and it was slightly spicy. This place is supposed to be known for spicy food and their salsas are quite spicy. I love spicy food so the hotter, the better. The garlic shrimp was good, but i didn't feel like it was anything to write home about. I also tried the mojito which was also good. They strained the mint leaves out which is kind of nice. We also tried the guacamole which tasted fresh and wen well with the spicy food. The service was fast and prompt. The night we went the place wasn't really busy so it's not like we had to really compete for attention. The decor is casual although they did have a couple of random things on the wall...i think i saw a coyote pelt hanging on the wall but the place is casual so i wasn't bothered by it. Overall it's got decent mexican food at standard prices.
5	It's probably no surprise but, we can't get Mexican food like this in Savannah. I'm not an expert, but this seemed so authentic and fresh, albeit very, very spicy. Margaritas (two pitchers consumed by three of us) were made with just squeezed lime juice instead of the sweet syrupy mix every Mexican place serves back home. The corn chips were fresh fried hot rather then reheated, or worse room temperature, as in Savannah. And, they actually tasted like corn! Their guacamole got three thumbs up, with one diner abstaining saying he felt it was too mellow. The others, by the way, saw it as a good counterpoint to the red and green chili salsas, which were judged hot and hotter.. Two, of our party of four, were sensitive to spicy food. It should be noted that although Los Dos Molinos' menu is careful to annotate spicy food as such, that the majority of their offerings fall under this category. Our two gringos with mild tastes ordered the carnitas (slow cooked pork) and chicken flautas with guacamole and sour cream. (Curiously, he felt the flautas needed more flavor.) The remaining two diners (one female/one male) were eager to "man up", respectively ordering the adovada ribs in red chili and the enchilada dinner with chicken, red chili and a fried egg. Both were highly appreciated and savored with great relish, although there was a price to pay throughout the wee hours of the following morning for this writer. To add to the attack upon our four digestive systems, we opted to split an order of the sopapilla with everything, aka deep fried dough with honey, sugar and Cinnamon. Very tasty indeed.Service was prompt, pleasant and especially helpful in assisting us as we worked our way through a menu peppered with chili IEDs. The kitchy environment seemed a bit out of context, but was fun none the less. Some might consider pricing a tad high, our bill before tip was just over $100, but it was supported by the quality of the food, and we drank alot. I'd return to Los Dos Molinos in a heartbeat, although I'd be sure to stock up on Pepcid first.
4	This place is fun, authentic, and pretty darn tasty.We got the Chicken Tacos (hard shell is the way to go) and the Carnitas Plate.  Chicken taco was better than the carnitas, but both were yummy.  Dessert was a seasonal Apple Empanada - AMAZE!As a native Arizonan, I am SUPER picky about my mexican food, but Los Dos won me over.
4	I love the shrimp Vera cruz. Great atmosphere. Frequent, and will continue to frequent.
1	After a long morning of volunteering at a local animal shelter my coworkers and I sat down at the famous (infamous) Los Dos Molinos for a filling lunch.  I know 10 people at lunch is a challenge, but the place was empty and we were treated like it was a major inconvenience.  Service was slow and unfriendly, I was never asked if I even wanted a drink, I had to make a significant assertion to get one glass of diet coke.  I ordered two chicken tacos with no cheese, no beans... I know, it sounds boring, but it is what I wanted to have for lunch.  I received pork tacos and a plate full of beans.  So how was the food? I can imagine dog waste tasting better than the taco that I ate.  Hell, I can make better soft tacos in my home kitchen anytime and run circles around this place.Additionally, my coworker did not get his chili relleno until 15 minutes after everyone else was served and it looked more like soft green chili slop more than anything else.To top it all off it took ages to get a check and when we did they would not allow us to pay separately...   Needless to say I will not be returning to this place.  For much better food, service and cleanliness check out La Pinata near 16th Ave and Thomas... it is awesome.
4	Always good after many visits over the last ten plus years. If they have the pumpkin empenada you must get it.  The slow roasted garlic pork is amazing and even though I haven't had it for years after going vegetarian I still recommend it to everyone who accompanies me to Los Dos Molinos.  They all love it!
2	Meh!!!I really wanted to give this place 1 star, but there was something I did like about this restaurant...... the diet coke! lolI can get over bad service, which we did have, but the food was bleh! Way too spicy and pretty small for the price. I ordered a beef tamale and beans. The tamale was about a third of the size it should be and looked like someone had slapped it on the plate and put hot sauce on top to cover up the job. I am not a fan of whole beans, I like 'em refried. So, after burning my tongue and trying to get full off of the greasy chips I gave up. We actually had to go and get food somewhere else after we left. We were still hungry because most of our party of 5 did not eat the "food" we were served. I definitely will not be back. ps... they charge for soda and iced tea refills! I knew when I read that on the menu I was not going to be happy with this place.
5	if i could give more stars, i would! Mex is a family favorite for us... this place was recommended to us while we were here for our fist vaca in AZ. i thought we were lost because we drove through a neighborhood to get there, but sure glad we made it! This is definitely the spot if you like your food SPICY/HOT! and if you don't like too much fire, there is plenty of other items to choose also, i did. we only like to try off the "chain" type places, and like to get as many different ones in.. this one had us reeled in 2 or 3 times in our one stay... we couldn't stay away! the prickly pear margaritas is a a flavor we haven't come across anywhere else since... they were the best I've had... and for dessert... SOPPAPIA's all the way! if your gonna ruin ur diet w/ dessert, u have to do it right, and get them loaded with everything! they are like warm, soft pillows of heaven in your mouth! ITS A MUST! most places they are usually fried flat and to a crisp, and just so-so... here, you'll eat them til u hurl!  I KNOW!
4	Amidst the abundance of pawn shops, auto repairs and payday loan storefronts lies the haven that is Los Dos Molinos.  If you feel that you have entered a garage sale/thrift store, you have found your refuge.  Your synapses will be overloaded as you take in the random yet tasteful decorum.  The classy plastic Statue of Liberty tugs at your patriotic heartstrings and the tinsel covered atrium makes everyday feel like Cinco de Mayo. Simply smelling the tantalizing food was almost satisfying enough, which was perfect because I was only interested in the margaritas.  Liquid diet.  Prickly pear pitcher of margaritas is a steal of a deal and was empty all too soon.
1	Did you change owners or managers? We used to love this place and visited every time that we were in Phoenix. Well known for the very HOT and delicious food, we were very disappointed on our recent visit. The food was not spicy at all, so much for those who like it hot, which is their logo!! One of our guests was even served a large portion of FAT (more than half of the meat in the meal) in their carnitas, you would have thought that the cooks would have seen this and not served it!! Will not be coming back next time.
5	Los Dos Molinos por vida!
3	As with many things...its never quite as good as the first time.  The food was fine and our server was fantastic.  We sat in a different part of the restaurant than I was used to and it was great.  It was like we were in our own private dining room.  Is it the best food I have ever eaten?  No.  Is it the best? No.  It is exactly three stars.
1	I could never eat here knowing that is use to be a mortuary.
4	For anyone who is a fan of Mexican food- you must try Los Dos Molinos.I LOVE spicy food, and it's hard for me to find a place that has salsa that is spicy enough for my taste buds...that is until I found this amazing place.Their salsa is not for the faint of heart- so beware- also no free refills on the salsa, but it's worth paying extra for, in my opinion.The margaritas are yummy- they don't douse it in sweet and sour mix and lime juice.Service is not great but not horrible either. I just go for the food- which is what restaurants should be about anyways.
2	After hearing so much about Dos Molinos.. I was disappointed to say the least.  First let me mention that the front door is on the side of the building.   Next, don't let them put you into that first table, which is incredibly tiny, especially if you're 7 months pregnant and eating with 3 men!  I'm only 5'2" but my belly was literally up against the table.  The guys were super squished too... so I had us move as there were plenty of other tables.  In trying to get out of the little booth, I sliced my finger on the staples that hold the fabric backing onto the wood chair back... nice.  They should fix that.  And... that should be the LAST table they sit people at.  Let's move on...  Service was slow but we finally ordered.  I got the chicken chimichanga and a side of guac.  Well, I tried to get a side of guac but they brought us an appetizer of guac (which is more $$ of course).  That might have been ok since there were 4 of us but, it was terrible.  Really?  Yes... 4 hungry people and we didn't make a dent in our appetizer of guacamole.  It was somewhere in between an avocado (which I love) and guacamole (which I love) but somehow was still disappointing.My chicken chimichanga had good flavor but there wasn't much to it.  The size was ok but it was basically just a deep-fried tortilla that was stuffed with chicken.  Meh... I'm over this place.  Maybe you have to come for the spicy food but I'm restricted on that right now because I'm preggo.Won't see ya there!
4	The wait is pretty long here, its a quite popular place.  Went once, had a bunch of margaritas and I think ate dinner, dont remember what it was but it was hot!
4	Good food, Good menu. Knowledgeable staff. Would definately go again.
5	Awesome meat.Most of my buddies got the ribs, which are wicked spicy. They were sweating! Their ribs are already off the bone so I guess that speaks to how tender they are.I like milder food and found the tender pork (carnitas) delicious! It was the rice that was spicy! Great food.Go there for birthdays! They have a great way to celebrate!Also Kick-ass margaritas are really kick ass! Pitchers all around!
5	I love the food at all of Los Dos Molinos restaurants. It is my favorite Mexican restaurant in the WORLD.   I have never had a bad meal here.  Also, their food is excellent.  HOT but excellent.  Their salsa is hot and delicious and margaritas are pretty great too.  I usually stick with the enchilada plate most of the time.  Although the ribs and chili beans are excellent too if you can take the heat.  Also the place is run by the family and you can usually find one of them any given day at the restaurant eager to please.
5	I love this place.  The atmosphere is fun and casual. If you like spicy food, they have it covered.  There's also non spicy food for the less brave.  This is a great place to bring out of town guests, as there's no other place like Los Dos Molinos.  You have to experience it for yourself.The kick-ass margaritas are amazing.  I personally, recommend the "sangrita" which is not on their menu.  Carlos makes the best sangritas.  Los Dos Molinos is family run.  They remember their customers and this personal touch only adds to the dining experience.  I look forward to going back again soon.
3	The good, the bad, and the spicy...The good- fun, lively atmosphere. Funny signs, Christmas lights, classic rock. I felt like I was in Rocky Point.- the host and busboy were very nice.- good salsa but HOT. I mean I like my salsa spicy (I despise the tomatoey gringoish salsas served in chain restaurants) but this stuff made me have to go to the bathroom and blow my nose twice. More on the bathrooms later...- my chili relleno plate was very good. The chili sauce was on top was delicious. I was scared it would be super hot but it was just hot enough. Beans and rice that accompanied it were just okay.- my hubby liked his shrimp dish. - good price for a pitcher of Mexican beer.- they leave you with a pitcher of water to cool down your mouth.The bad- our server sucked. He had a personality of a robot. He barely did any of the work either. He just took our order. The nice busboy seemed to do the rest.- this place really nickel and dimes you. They charge you for a chips and salsa refill. And they only provide one free refill of soda. - prices are kind of high for how small the portions are. My plate had one small chili relleno and a small amount of rice and beans. My husband's plate was really tiny. Mexican food should not be this expensive!- the bathrooms had NO toilet paper in either stall. And were really dirty.- stomach issues afterwards. Maybe it was because of the spice level, I don't know. But it was an unpleasant night of sleep.
5	If hot, authentic Mexican food is your thing, you've come to the right place! I take everyone here for the true Phoenix experience. If you are looking for a fancy foo foo type place to impress your date, this isn't it. Dirty cushions, spotty glasses, sometimes inattentive service... But the FOOD! Nuf said.
1	WOW, what a MASSIVE let down.  been going here for almost 20 years.  this place USED to be THE place for the wickedest mexican food, great service, and a total party..  Went the other friday, place was a ghost town (clue #1).  The guys hosting told us it would be 15 minutes (the place was only half full, clue #2), and THEN told us to wait outside in the heat!  I even asked if they even wanted us there and he flat out said "I don't care".  Considering the location and my past fondness, our party of 8 stayed... I had been talking this place up to my friends from Peru and Colombia.  Should have known from the start...the food ended up being lously...and not a little, 4 of us got no sleep from cramping.  I think they scraped the bottom of the barrel for our red sauce, it looked more like spicy red paste.Sad to say this is the end of an era for me, I WILL NEVER go back.  This was the only restaurant I would welcome a 1 hour wait for a table at...no longer.  The sisters use to run it, one of them past a few years back, and now it looks like the boys are running...don't waste your time, the Los Dos Molinos of old that got all the great reviews is dead.
5	I've been to Los Dos a few times in recent months, and I am reminded every time I go that I love this place.  Margaritas are amazing, the food is so good and authentic and spicy, and the ambiance is awesome.  The service always sucks, so if you have an impatient mother-in-law, take her elsewhere.  Now that you know that, it is absolutely worth it.  pop an extra xanax, slug down a margarita on the patio (if, of course, you have a sense of reckless abandon and good health insurance) and wait for the glory.  If the words "Machaca Crispies" are on the specials board, ask for at least two of them.  Even if you are by yourself.  Especially if you are by yourself.  Everything on the menu is tasty; you really can't go wrong.  I brought my mother, sister and her two babies here.  When my mother asked the overly busy waiter which of the salsas were mild, I was tickled when he took a moment of his time to look at her with mildly disgusted contempt and reply, "Neither."  For that, five stars.
3	Pretty solid place.  Missed it while driving on Central Avenue and then when I went back and found it, I don't know how I actually missed it!  Parking is pretty convenient and there is outdoor seating (obviously seasonal).  The place is a little cramped inside, but you're there for the great food!The salsas available with the chips are pretty hot.  Not as flavorful as some other places, but there's plenty of heat to make you want to order a margarita or sangria if you haven't already done so.  I ordered a combo while my friend got some enchiladas.  Good quality and good quantity.  Service was a little unemotional or uninterested, but it was prompt and nothing was missed.  The New Mexico style food is a good change of pace than the regular Sonoran style found at most places.  It's more of a place to go to if you're in the area rather than destination restaurant.
5	I adore this restaurant. We frequented this restaurant for the two years I was in grad school. It is one of the many things I miss about living in Phoenix. Any time I am working or driving through Phoenix, I make sure to stop here at this location and get my fill of hot, spicy, amazing New Mexican food! I return to Phoenix in March, for work, and you can bet that I will make a few visits to Los Dos Molinos for their awesome food!
5	One of thee most relevant New Mexican Restaurants outside the State of New Mexico.LDM is on par with La Posta in Las Cruces AND Rancho de Chimayo outside Sante Fe.  We quickly settled in on a Muchaka Chimi smothered ini Red & Green (known as Christmas in NM).  The flavor of the meat was perfect....great beef flavor that was slowly simmered with red chili sauce.  The mexican pizza was excellent as were the sumptuous green chili chicken enchiladas.I do not feel so homesick anymore.   As a side note LDM's location in Mesa has green chili stew & posole, this location did not have it on the menu.
4	Very authentic spicy Mexican food. I always hang out on this place whenever my Costa Rican friends hit the town. My thought of the their best food would be Adovada Ribs with added cheese. I also like Shrimp Veracruz and Enchiladas with either Green and Red cheese. Have been eating sumptuous Enchiladas before we're introduced with Adovada Ribs.One thing to note though, the service is moderate, don't expect great service. Service can be iffy at times dependent on the mood of the boss-girl, and hence impacting the server's mood as well, but so far we've been lucky, a server told us sometimes it impacts the food as well. Will be going there again (once my Costa Rican friend comes during their business visit).
5	This place is worth the drive through the 'hood. It's Mexican food the way that your Mexican grandmother would have cooked it. Total home style....but seriously super spicy. I'm a fan of spicy foods, so I love Los Dos, but if you don't like it spicy, you'd better stick with Taco Bell or Macayo's.Definitely 5 star food. I frickin' love this place!!!
4	Ok so this place is controversial... You either love it or hate it.The food is GREAT, especially if you love SPICY food. The menu marks the stuff that is hot, and it is no joke, its HOT. But very tasty. The hottness kind of depends on the day I have found, some days it like liquid magma, and otheres its got a good kick. I have had the Adobada ribs, the enchiladas, the machaca, the chimichanga. All good. Sometimes the beans are even spicy. You can get your meals with either red or green chile, I am told that the green is hotter, but that is up for debate.On to the not so good: The service is at best mediocre, especially if they are busy and its a weekend. Dont go here if you are in a hurry. But for us, the food is worth the bad service. Consider yourself warned... Also they dont have much of a kids menu, our 2 year old has snacked on rice and beans (when the beans are not spicy) and a cheese crisp and the rolled tacos on occasion. Thats about the extent of it, everything else is spicy.This is not completely authentic mexican food, its more of a southwestern flare. No carne asada here.The Kick-Ass Margarita is awesome (so my husband says) and I like the Sangria and the Sangria Margarita. Margatitas overall are good here.
4	Very good pollo and green chili burrito enchilada style...Yum!
4	I love the salsa!!!  We ventured down here a few weeks ago for dinner...unfortunately they didn't have fish tacos...but the food was fantastic! When we arrived, we looked over the decor. It was refreshing to eat in a 'free standing' location and not part of a strip mall. As we went to enter, the ladies in front of us stopped because they were doing a birthday celebration for one of the tables - if you want to embarrass the birthday person - Take them here! They do a ceremony where all the employees sing and they create a fire with sugar in a bowl. There was a wait, but it was short. I had the 'Los Dos" Flautas Dinner with one chicken and one shredded beef.  I thought the flautas were great. Dave had the Carnitas, and I did have a little taste and they were good too! I was also very pleased the service, very attentive and helpful. Why only four stars? They overcharged us for a flour tortilla, and once again I wish the rice and beans were better. Overall - great food with a great experience. The table next to us was eating the ribs and chili - we are definitely going back to try those!
5	The best Fire Hot "New Mexican" style in the state.   Do Not go there if you don't like Hot food, you will not like it.   If you like Quality, Spicy Hot family recipes you will love it!!  Great top shelf Margaritas as well.
1	Server was rude and unfriendly. Place wasn't very clean either. Don't go expecting them to be accommodating at all if you request their items to be made differently than as stated on menu. Very disappointed
1	I took my boyfriend to this restaurant for his birthday. I thought it would be a treat because we often would drive by the restaurant and see the parking lot full every time. That was a good indication the food must be good, right?BIG mistake. The food was horrendous. The free bowl of chips tasted stale and we had to ask for another.I ordered carnitas. It was bland as were the refried beans. My boyfriend ordered a spicy pork dish and his first complaint was the small portion. He wasn't impressed with his dish and he is a fan of Mexican cooking.The wait was long for both ordering and getting our dinners. There was only one waitress working even though the tables were filled with customers on a Wednesday night. We should have taken a clue when we came in and there were no Hispanic diners. All the Anglo diners had drinks. Apparently the establishment is a place to hangout for drinks rather than for the food.The ambience was lacking and seating area dingy. The acoustics was horrible, way too noisy.To top it off both my boyfriend and I ended up with food poisoning. If you really want good Mexican food with layers of flavors at good prices and portions, to boot,  try Comedor Guadalajara at 1830 S Central Ave..
5	I have to say that I have only eaten here once, but the food was great. I love spicy food. It was definitely not too hot for me. The service was excellent and very prompt. We did get there about five o'clock and were among the first customers of the evening. By the time we were done the place was starting to fill up and I would expect to wait a bit longer if we had come in at that time.  They do serve whole beans which were very tasty.    The salsas are on the hot side, but that is what I would expect, too many Mexican restaurants serve bland tomato concoctions especially in recent years.
5	Apologize to LDM for the mindless review from Lee Chance aka Lee FLee has issues with me calling him out as a hack while attacking a competing business and Lee C has now taken his vendetta to hacking on my reviews of reputable establishments such as LDM.   LDM is  a premier New Mexican Cuisine establishment that can and will stand up to the most discerning tastebuds.
2	We went here on a Friday night, hearing from someone that it has great authentic Mexican food AND seeing in New Times that they received Best Margarita in Phoenix 2011... Um, No. Yelpers are totally right when they say the service isn't very good. This location is very small and we waited at least an hour for the two of us. If the food was outstanding, then it wouldn't really matter, but that's a big if. The green corn tamale was so utterly spicey I couldn't even taste it. The beef taco was boring. It was a just a plain crispy taco shell like you'd get at Taco Bell! I expected a Filibertos style taco shell, mmm. Most importantly, and most disappointing, was the margarita! New Times was bought off to put this place as the best margarita in Phoenix. It totally sucked! Strong, but bad. I can think of four places off the top of my head with the best margaritas: Z Tejas, Sidebar, Four Peaks, and La Grande Orange Pizzaria. I give the place 2 stars cause the rice was good and for people who love spicey food, this place would probably be satisfying.
4	Super spicy and delicious New Mexico style cuisine. We had three different entrees and all were wonderful. The margaritas were especially tasty, large, and not too sweet. We'd definitely come back! My only complaint is that I wish they had a few more vegetarian options.Try: The Enchilada Dinner (with red chili and blue corn tortilla)
5	My favorite Mexican food place but beware of the heat! Spicy but yummy!!!
1	I went to this location one other time and have went to the Ahwatukee and Mesa location. Which I love. Well last night I went here. I waited a hour for a table. Which I am fine with. But the service was terrible. The people next to us stopped the mgr and asked could he take their order. He did but when we asked the same thing he said he would be right back. No one came for 30 minutes. So now we were there for almost 2 hours with nothing ordered. Once we did order they served me the Shrimp Veracruz with store bough tortillas. I asked what happened to the homemade. I was then brought homemade but told for my particular meal THE OWNER said to serve store bought. Really? My dish is the most expensive item on the menu. So why skimp. The food was good but the service was terrible. Also my friend never got his taco. Our server acted as if we were an inconvenience. No worries because I will NEVER GO BACK there.
5	Los Dos Molinos is always a treat.I've had the chance to visit all their locations in the Phoenix area. The Mesa and South Phoenix restaurants never disappoint.The green and red salsa are both HOT (really, hot) so be prepared. It's a welcome change from some of the milder restaurants in the area. This isn't Macayos. If you don't like spicy food - steer clear.I recommend the beef tacos or the enchilada platter (it comes with an egg on top to help cool your mouth down). The employees are extremely friendly.Great experience every time.Bon appetite.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants ever, and I love the south Phoenix location.  My favorite is the adovada relleno.  The relleno is delicious and the adovada is perfection, slow roasted, flavorful and tender.  Pretty much everything here is spicy (recommend a margarita to curb the fire!  I love the mango and the prickly pear), but I think there are a few things (chicken, shrimp) that aren't too spicy.  Everything here is cheesy and saucy and just perfect.  Another favorite is the beef enchiladas with an egg on top.  Weekends are busy, expect to wait if you arrive after 6pm, but get a drink and some chips and salsa and hang out in the courtyard.  Weeknights are less crowded.  (Except during spring training, when everything is crowded!)
1	worst meal ever!!! food came out cold....bad service... old brown guacamole!!! dont do it!
4	SPICY!  Most of the food here brings the heat, and I'm very sensitive...but I still love the occasional kick.  The flautas are not spicy at all, and the margaritas are fab.
5	Oh. My. God. Truly delicious food/drinks and super-fun atmosphere!I went to the So. Central Phx location a couple of weeks ago after a long hike and was overjoyed to see such awesome decor and cool, ghetto-fab vibe. Tried the sangria (yum) and the frozen house margarita. Sooo huge and filling!I had the Pork Pozole and was so damn good. Mmmm - I ordered the large size and had to take the rest home in a Dixie cup. It was so good that I got hungry again driving back to Fountain Hills so I drank the pozole from the cup en route. Sooo good!!!Excellent service and quick turn-around of food/drink orders. Didn't disappoint me.
5	If you like spicy this is the place for you.  The carne adovado relleno's are to die for!  The central Phoenix one has moved up on Camelback and about 10th street, a couple doors down from Oregano's.  So you have two great choices just a few feet apart!
4	Loved the decor and considering this is a Phoenix staple, im sure it hasnt changed in a long time. Food was very fresh and the service was excellent.We had Dinner with a good friend visiting from NY, he had never had real Mexican food, I had the Posole"red" it was nice and spicy.MY friend loved the selection of Mexican beers. He said it was the best Mexican food he had ever had.This will be my new tradition for visitiors to AZ.Cant wait to go back when the weather is nice and sit outside!
3	Known for their spicy (hot) mexican food.  Good place for tourists wanting something different.  I had a red burro, which was good but I admittedly enjoyed the chips & red salsa and margaritas the most.   They do nickel & dime you with drinks and salsa which I assume is out of necessity.  Not the best neighborhood but safe none-the-less. I'm looking forward to going to the new location on Camelback Rd.
4	This is some crazy spicy food.  They use New Mexico Hatch chilies, which are no joke.  I order a full side each of sour cream and guacamole just to get through the meal.  If you enjoy spicy food, you must try this.  If you don't enjoy spicy food, I still think you should try it (just get the sour cream like I do).  There are some non-spicy items on the menu of course, but they look so much less interesting...One of their specialties, and my personal favorite, is an enchilada with an egg on top.  I got it hoping the egg would alleviate some of the heat, and it didn't, but it turned out being darn good.  Beware: the spiciness induces a high intake of the house margarita.During peak lunch hours, the restaurant can get pretty busy.  This means long wait times.  This also means more margaritas.Service isn't top-shelf, but they do what they need to do.  I've had a hard time getting someone's attention if it's outside the requisite seating/ordering/serving milestones (that's how I learned to order the sour cream immediately...I just can't wait for that).Finally, the tab can get kinda pricy.  Especially if you had lots of margaritas.  An average entree is about $15, which I feel is high for lunch.  I enjoy going, but I won't do it often... it's just not *quite* worth the bill.
5	This is the BEST Mexican/Southwestern food anywhere!! Notoriously hot - so non-natives beware!!
5	Was in town visiting a Friend & he suggested we eat here.  The food was great, very clean and the waiter was super nice and on top of everything.  Not once did we have to keep our eye out for him to come around to ask for anything, nor did our cups ever run dry.  The food was delicious and very authentic.
4	Our first visit and we were very impressed.  Service was excellent, margaritas were delish, and the food yummy!  We love hotter salsa and they didn't disappoint! You usually have to ask for stuff this hot at other places.  It's quite a drive for us but if we're in the area, we will stop by again.
4	Great food always. Service slow tonight, but will always come back as we love this place!
3	The margaritas and atmosphere are wonderful but the food is average. I would definitely go back for drinks, but for food, I would visit Poncho's down the street. That restaurant has amazing salsa and it's spicier than the salsa at Los Dos Molinos.
4	First time here and enjoyed it very much.  I asked for a recommendation and the Adovado (red chili marinade) was the quick response.  Tasty and spicy, hit the spot and the home made salsas were a big hit with me too.  At first glance the prices seem just a tad high but the quality and time it takes to produce high quality shines through
4	Los Dos Molinos is a Phoenix legend for a reason!Yes, the food is notoriously spicy. Yes, the service can be a bit slow on a packed Friday night. And yes, the restaurant is located in South Phoenix, which apparently scares the pants off of some people.But the food and drinks are top notch. We usually come at lunchtime on Saturday and have never run into a long wait. Service with a smile, and both seating and food service are fast. Los Dos has the best carnitas in town, and the most potent margaritas. If you're lucky enough to go on a day when the green chili stew special is available, don't miss it! Chef Victoria's amazing tamales are also available for the holidays. Which reminds me it's time to place my order.
5	Best Blue Corn Tamales by far!I first visited Los Dos Molinos with a friend from work and was warned that even some of the mild items on the menu where Spicy.This is definitely true! If you like spice, and I mean real spice with flavor Dos Molinos is for you. They do have some milder items but their Blue Corn Tamales are spicy and quite awesome.Its not in the greatest part of town but its worth the drive. The atmosphere is authentic and straight out of south of the border.Meals and ingredients are all fresh and its a family run operation.I rarely give 5 stars for anything but it is warranted here.Give it a shot and see if we agree.
5	Best Mexican food I've ever had.
5	Pretty shocked this place only has 3.5 stars as it's one of my all-time favorites in the Valley. Family owned, HOT AS HELLLLLL salsa, strong margs, and a solid menu. I demand a visit to Los Dos every single time I am home. I dream about the absurdly spicy salsa, washed down with an absurdly large margarita on the rocks. Chile rellanos are super good, as is the spicy shrimp. Their puerco dishes are also amazing. Adovado burro what what. Sometimes, it can be a wait for the food (I'm looking at you Friday nights), but why would you care? You have endless chips and salsa to devour + that huge ass margarita to work on. The atmosphere is fun too, lively, loud, families enjoying deliciousness. Do not come here if you can't handle the heat.
4	Went w a large group for a buddy's B-Day on a Sat. night.  Service and food was great.  Place is a staple.  Yeah, it's hot food.  Great atmosphere.
3	This place has good food.  What I like about it is that it's spicy.  My favorite place to go is the hole in wall mexican place.  this is a notch above that. They have a bar.  They also have dietcoke.  Can't say there is anything I would particularly recommend.  I think I had a green or blue corn tamale that was outstanding.  I love the salsa it's unique. Not just red salsa.  My complaint is that I feel like they dont care about the food.  It's not really consistent.  There is little care to quality. The people that work there always seem like they are suffering being at work.  Not to say that the service is bad.  I have had much worse food.  I have been there a dozen times.  I have also had much better food in Arizona.  So 3 stars reflects that fact that it's average. if you love mexican food like me. Then you should try los dos molinos.
4	I've been dining here since '95. Back then it was ALWAYS stellar. Lately though, it's been falling in quality and service. The owner left it to her daughter and sometimes we go and it's like the old days. sometimes we go and it's not. The Mom opened up the new location in Ahwatukee. Worth checking out and she's expanded the menu.
4	Other than the place being a little dirty I would have to say it's one of the best Mexican restaurants I've been to in phoenix. The desserts are to die for. The margaritas are stiff and tantalizing. I think they are going for a bit of grunge look, I'm just not into that style. I would return.
5	I love Mexican food and this is my favorite Mexican restaurant in the Phoenix area.  Word for the wise.  As others have mentioned, food here is very HOT and SPICY.  If you do not like HOT and SPICY food (or your guest(s) do not) do not go here.  The food is excellent.  They've got some great pitchers of house Margaritas.  And the salsa (especially the green salsa) is fantastic (and spicy).They do charge for refills on chips and refills on salsa, FYI.
1	As an Arizona native I was excited to try the Phoenix location on central; as I had already tried the Mesa location and was a bit underwhelmed. I was hoping that the Phoenix location would impress me and live up to the rumors I had heard.  The server was fast and reasonable polite, and after ordering two combo platters (beef burro and chicken burror) the food was out in under ten minutes.  This was surprising, as I expected a longer wait do to the self proclamation of all food made to order.  Unfortunately, this was the last pleasant experience here.        I would like to claim that the food was just ok, but in truth it was pretty awful. The chicken was dry and had a slightly rotten taste to it as if it been sitting around for a few days.  the beans were undercooked, crunchy in fact.  The rice was okay but it seems very dry and tasteless, even after dumping half of the salsa on top of it.  My father's beef burro faired none better as he referred to it as "mushed up cat food".       As an active man of large stature (6'4 240lbs), it is rare for me to leave a meal unfinished, but in this instance, I found myself abandoning the plate and retreating hungry and unhappy.  If this was a bargain priced restaurant I would be more understanding, but for 12 dollars I expect more than boiled chicken, undercooked beans, and tasteless rice.  Oh, and they unknowingly charge you $1 per small chip bowl which you find on your bill when you pay....for shame!  Save your time and visit one of the many glorious Mexican restaurants in the area, just not here.  But if you do, worry not on seeing me as I shall never return!
5	Just like goin' home to Albuquerque.The same kitchy decor including the aqua-backlit Corona candelabra.  The great chili, green and red.  Home made tortillas.  Flavors that you won't find anywhere else West of Gallup.  Yes, it is loud.  Yes, the floors are sticky from clumsy, half-drunk ASU patrons late on a Saturday night.  But the patio is a cool place to drink a pitcher while gazing at the stars and waiting for a table.  The enchilada dinner is stacked like a proper plate should be.  The chorizo and bean appetizer is unusual.  And they even have soapapillas!And if you think their chili is hot, wait till you get to New Mexico and try some of the real deal from Hatch!  I'd rate Los Dos as medium on a New Mexico scale and blow-your-head-off on either a California or Texas scale.
5	reviews may not do justice with this gem. Excellent ambiance...seriously once you entre it changes your mood to better in no time. If the ambiance does not lift you then it is the food will turn in for magic. Excellent margaritas, super spicy ( made to order ) salsa and enchiladas... Some dishes will surely make you sweat!!! Must visit!
4	If you like hot and spicy, look no further.Los Dos Molinos was a place somewhat discovered by just driving by on our way back from South Mountain Park.  The place had a festive ambiance to it so we decided to give it a shot.The food did not disappoint.  As I mentioned, if you're into spicy flavors, this place has it.  I had the enchiladas with red sauce which was a great selection.  Service was also top notch. Had a great experience here and would highly recommend.
5	Best. Mexican. In. Phoenix.Having grown up in LA, I've had a lot of Mexican food. I was impressed with Phoenix's abundant Mexican offerings, but none stood out as spectacular (excepting Barrio Cafe, which I don't consider a traditional "Mexican Restaurant"). I was advised by nearly everyone I asked to go check out Dos Molinos, so I did, and it was good... fiery good.And I don't mean that metaphorically - Dos Molinos is the kind of place that doesn't ask you "how spicy?" They just bring you your dish, and it's unabashedly spicy, the way it was meant to be, and I can't imagine they could consider doing it any other way.All of us were spicy veterans - having all ordered the *level 10 spice level* at [insert any ethnic restaurant name here], and we were all sweating. Bullets. I had the Red Chili Enchilada combo plate, and the enchilada's were fantastic. It was the THICK handmade corn tortillas, combined with the shamelessly spicy red chili sauce on top. All the sides were terrific (the beans had a kick of their own).Their margarita was also pretty ridiculously large, and tasty. Dos Molinos is my go-to Mexican joint in Phoenix now.
4	KICKASSSSS MARGARITAS!!This is THE place to go for margaritas in the area (near downtown)!  Come grab a pitcher or 4 of the Kickass Margaritas with some friends and enjoy some delicious appetizers as well!  (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=2z1vI-CXPyMHEMntTszyWg&userid=F28n26ynklEioZDInyK__A) I came here with a few clients to unwind a bit after a long day of work and it was so relaxing that didn't want to leave!  We sat in the outside seating area -- cute, but full of random decor -- I thought I walked into Guadalajara, lol  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/los-dos-molinos-phoenix?select=mOqppqoOhfgIncilkMVGJg#_5myU5HjdcHdwvbDArXbZg) We ordered a couple appetizers/entree to share along with our margaritas:(They serve complimentary chips and salsa-- I loveee the homemade salsa, especially because it is spicy! (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/los-dos-molinos-phoenix?select=mOqppqoOhfgIncilkMVGJg#hJpJSd1U3xGYs927JX1wJg))- Adovada Ribs: Country style pork ribs marinade in red chili, served with rice and flour tortilla.  This is SPICYYY!  If you can't handle spicy, you probably won't eat more than a couple bites of this.  I have a pretty high tolerance for spicy food and I even thought this was pretty hot.  The pork was fork tender and the homemade flour tortilla was delicious.  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/los-dos-molinos-phoenix?select=mOqppqoOhfgIncilkMVGJg#AvtkP_Po96waiz-8dDgtUQ)- Chorizo Pizza: This too, was VERY SPICY!  Delicious, but I was for sure sweating after a few bites!  I love how the pizza is thin, and the crust is nice and crispy!  I'd say this is more like a giant tostada with a generous amount of spicy chorizo.  I would order this again!  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/los-dos-molinos-phoenix?select=mOqppqoOhfgIncilkMVGJg#vLFuk2p51aFrxWaVH8gLpg)Cheeeeerss!  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/los-dos-molinos-phoenix?select=mOqppqoOhfgIncilkMVGJg#v-Z8I01sReuCoVjK7d0R4Q)
3	Is it good? Couldn't really tell over the heat. I knew this going in, I like spicy and often think places under estimate how spicy they think their food is. Not here. I had enchiladas, they were spicy. Service was great, atmosphere in the restaurant is colorful. It is a great experience but probably won't make it onto the regular rotation.
1	I have never received worse service in my life. My two friends and I came around 7 pm. We were not greeted for 10 minutes. When we were greeted we were brought the wrong drinks. We then did not see any server for ten minutes to get the right drinks. When we made our food order I asked for a mild version of the enchiladas due to a stomach issue and the waiter said that could be done. The food did come out in good time but when I got my enchilada it was terribly spicy and overall inedible. 20 minutes later.... when we saw our waitress again I asked her if I could order something else because it was far too spicy and not what I  ordered. She said "its new mexico style- we don't offer a mild version" I told her the waiter should have informed me that when he told me they could make it mild. We were met with a huge eye roll and a firm reach to take my plate. At that time I order chicken floutas instead since nothing else could be made mild. My friend ordered a refill on her drink, something we had not been given all night... it was not busy at all on a Tuesday night! By the time my new plate came out 30 minutes later my friend still had not received her refill. She walked up to the girl who took my order and said Hi do you think I could get my refill on my coke that I ordered and the girl eye rolled again and said "well you didn't order it from me". She brought her a coke and then the check immediately before I even finished eating.  They came back and asked for our payment three times will picking up one thing off the table at a time. More than we had seen them all night! Worst service I have ever had. Terrible wait staff with no customer service experience. The food was decent but the staff needs some training.
2	This was disappointing for a number of reasons, some of which may have been outside the control of Los Dos Molinos.  It was built up quite a bit from people who had been there or heard of it.  I was excited since there are not a lot of awesome restaurants that I am aware of in this area.  Maybe the other locations are better, this one was NOT up to much.  It seems like it's trying to get by on being famous for spicy food (not my thing) and kitschy atmosphere.We tried going by for lunch and couldn't find the door.  I am still not sure if it was closed or not at noon on a Saturday, but it looked deserted.  We tried again later at dinnertime.  The inside area was PACKED.  It was like a third world airport.  A screaming baby and rude party-girl customers didn't help, but the atmosphere inside was cramped and not ok.  We ended up sitting on the patio which was fun and eclectic, but not the most comfortable.  There were benches and things instead of normal chairs and it was lit strangely.  The atmosphere outside was marred by more obnoxious kids and the guy at the table next to us noisily losing his mind over the service quality and other things.  Great entertainment!The service quality was pretty marginal.  They seemed really short staffed, and we had to wait forever to place orders and then longer than expected for pretty much everything.  They were crowded, but that should not have been short staffed on a Saturday night!  There are warnings that the food there is SPICY and they are not messing around.  The salsa was painful, the options were between too spicy for me and biological weapons.  I ordered a bean burrito, which was not actually spicy.  I forgot what my date ordered, but it was just ok and not particularly spicy either.  As a vegetarian who is spice-averse, there weren't tons of options.There are so many great Mexican restaurants in Phoenix, I don't see coming back here.
4	I am still a fan of this place even if it seems to have gotten a little stale. Nothing ever changes here, including the daily specials. It would be nice to see some new menu items.  Salsa and chips are always good and HOT. We love the chorizo dip. Adovada ribs aren't the best, they really should try to get better meat.  The marq's are tasty but a little overpriced. All that said it is a favorite of guests from out of town due to its charm and hot food.
5	Los Dos Molinos is definitely a Chili Lovers Playground. The chips and Salsa start off your meal. The Red salsa is good and tastes rich and spicy. The Green salsa is not as spicy and my husband liked that one best. I had Red Enchiladas with eggs on top and I will definitely order that again. My husband ordered the Spicy Shrimp and the shrimp was a very large size. It was so good. The waiter treated us to Flan which is one of my husbands favorite desserts. Anyone that likes New Mexico Chile won't be disappointed with the meals. We will definitely return there on our next trip to Phoenix..
4	I have seen this restaurant maybe 250 times, my aunt lives around the corner. So my husband and I were in the neighborhood and wanted Mexican food, we were on our way to La Canasta on 7th street but they do not have strong drinks so I suggested we stop in.  When you enter it feels like you have been transported to a little Villa. So we sit down the place is half full. There was this man literally licking his plate,  I was thinking damn is the food that good.  So we ordered beer ritas. We asked our waiter about the hottest dish they had.  He pointed out a couple but they had spicy boneless ribs on the menu so I asked, "what kind of Mexican restaurant has ribs?" He said it was not Mexican it is New Mexico cuisine.  I was thinking in my head what is the difference, because he said it with so much pride.  So I studied the "New Mexico" menu and order a burrito...lol. my husband got some spicy Shrimp dish. The chips and salsa came out with the beer ritas which only come frozen. The salsa was so spicy and delicious maybe top 3 salsa I have ever eaten.  The drink was full of goodness. The food came out quick.  It was so goood and I added that spicy salsa it was over the top. Then the bill came it was 19.00. I thought it was a mistake. I asked my husband to guess how much he said 50.00. We were thrilled.  We saw a couple eating sopapias spelling my b off. So we ordered some they were fresh and sweet and good and...you get the picture.  I will be back for sure.
3	I have no idea how I lived here so long and have never eaten at this location. It seems sacrilegious. I even worked at the Pointe when it was located at South Mountain for many years and still never went to this Phoenix staple. I was determined to go today since I had an event nearby.   If you like Tex Mex then you might not agree with my three stars and I say go ahead and give it 4 or 5 stars- probably one of the better ones in town. Wow, they even won a Zagat. I'm impressed. Pros- *Spicy-- Yum*Chile Rellenos- Huge meal for A La Carte, but that could be a con- too much food. They were tasting okay. Spicy yes but you could still taste the ingredients. That can be a trick in itself to get it right.*Great salsa/hot sauce- I did not find this salsa very hot though, weird. I liked the salsa a lot. I worked at a lot of Mexican restaurants in my day and I am picky in this regard.*Guacamole is not that bad for a Tex Mex restaurant. Not the best but good. *Wonderful funky decor. It is like a mini Mexican village. Very eclectic. *Carlos is amazing!* I liked that they serve water in actual beer glasses and left me an entire pitcher of water for myself. It was very hot today and their food is pretty spicy. * Their bathrooms are cool. Cons- * The door was locked or hard to open when I got there. Good thing I called and did not leave. Since I was the only one there at the time I thought they were closed. *the girl who sat me and first served me was not very friendly*far away in the middle of nowhere, at least for me. *very spicy if you are a lightweight. lol I am not but if you are, beware. Please, ask the server what you should order instead. I overheard him tell others they do have mild choices. * I found this restaurant to be very expensive browsing the menu. I asked about the gift shop and Carlos laughed at me. He then told me it was closed 14 years ago. I swear I read somewhere they had a gift shop. Oh well. Ha-ha to me. The birthday gift has to be purchased elsewhere, "friend who will remain nameless for now."
5	Made a visit last night. Got a seat right when we walked in and service was excellent!! Love this place...if you like spicy food, you'll love the many spicy options!
5	I love this place. Los Dos Molinos is especially great for those who truly love spicy food. The food is comforting, warm, gooey, and hot. Don't go here if you can't handle heat because you will likely.... dislike it.
3	I like the chili verde stew.  I have eaten here several times since the mid 90's and have tried most the items on the menu.  They make enchiladas old school style the way my grandmother made them.  The carnitas & pork plate is always good. The food is spicy so if you do not like hot spicy food beware. The wait staff is very friendly but we are a familiar face. Not the best Mexican food it is really more like New Mexican food but it is good. Some like it hot.
5	Greatest Mexican food in Phoenix. Every time we come back to the valley, we eat here. Tried so many things on the menu, my wife always asks if pesole is available. Sometimes it is, and sometimes it is not.
4	Love the original Los Dos!  They have solid food and good service.  This place is always very busy and noisy inside the restaurant.  Definitely not a place for a quiet dinner out.  I make it here a couple times a year and it is always fantastic.  Love the carnitas and salsa!
2	Margaritas are good but that's just about all I will say for it.  I didn't care for their food very much.  Tried just about everything on the menu in my visits there.  Struck out, not for me but a lot of people love it.
5	Had my Birthday Dinner at Los Dos tonight and it was great! Friday night about 6:30pm, greeted with big smiles and seated quickly. Host and servers were extremely attentive . Great Kickass Margs, chips with the classic Red n Green salsa's. It was a Pasole /Pazole night for me with "Christmas". Spouse had the Carne Adavodo Enchilada dinner and just because they are soooo good, aka carte Rellenos! We were talked into the Pumpkin Flan which was Yummy!! Great way to finish off an awesome dinner.  Yes! We like it here!
5	Some of the best flavor and heat for Mexican! The service is terrific but because of the great food you should accept the fact there may be a little wait.They have a patio while you wait for a margarita or pitcher of beer! My favorite is the chicken chimi with green chilli, its a must!If you like spicy this is the place for you! If you don't like spicy have some chips no salsa and ice cream.
5	THE MOST AMAZING CHIMICHANGAS EVER!! Chimi with machaca beef and red sauce is awesome. Service is great. However, they should have paid ME $21 to drink the margaritas... waste of money. Not a deal breaker though.
5	From the way people were talking I expected to not even be able to finish due to the spice but I found it to be perfectly hot. Maybe its all the years of eating spicy Thai food, or maybe its just that people in Phoenix don't eat spicy food.Shredded beef was seasoned perfectly and the green chili was the best I've had since I lived in Colorado.Highly recommended.
1	This place is gross! I will never come here again! Not authentic! The food had no flavor! Whomever says this place has spicy food has never eaten chilli!! Not a fan of the New Mexican style food! I do give them the one star for their margaritas!!! Yummy! No bueno for the food and I've had it about three times already! Always disapointed!!!
5	Do not let the opinions about the food being really spicy fool you.  The meals have intense flavor only complimented by the heat.  It does not overpower it only heightens the experience.
3	Food is tasty and the drinks are outstanding. Try the prickly pear margarita. Service is generally poor and keeps me from becoming more of a regular.
1	We are regulars of the Mesa location, always enjoy it. This visit on Central was really disappointing. Party of four stopped last night, the margaritas were great. Both the red and green salsas were really salty, all four commented on that. I thought it may be the chips, it was the salsa. Usually, out of town guests comment on the heat, but the salt was the noticeable flavor. Wife had a chicken burrito. Bite one yielded a bone and lots of water. Not to be confused with juice, it was water. My green chili dinner was mediocre. The beef chunks were large and the chili had not flavored the meat. The meat had been put on the plate, green chili poured over the top. The meat was dry. nothing comparable to the green chili I have had at other locations. Diner three loved the ribs. Diner four ate the flautas, but said they were bland. Typically in Mesa, people love the food and comment on the heat. In this case one loved his ribs, all loved the margaritas. Maybe we hit on a bad night, but most of the passion I have for their hot food was not fulfilled. These salsas were overwhelming with salt, all four of us commented immediately. We are pretty easy to please, have been eating at Ls Dos for years. We will go back to Mesa, but not this location. There were too many negatives, not much on the plus side.
5	Los Dos Molinos has been a fiery oasis to me and my sister for nearly 20 years.  A trip to visit our parents in Mesa doesn't feel complete without eating there.  Dad always gripes that we could go to the one in Mesa, but this location is the only option for me.  It is one of the few places that I can get food that is satisfyingly spicy hot.  I love the funky atmosphere, and the margaritas are HUGE.  The carne adovada chimichanga with green chile is my current favorite.  I am headed to AZ tomorrow and am taking a shuttle directly to Los Dos Molinos from the airport.  I love it.  If the other reviews about the clientele are scaring you off, go there for lunch.  And get someone else to drive.
5	Most spicy food we ever try. But everything was tasty and delicious. Especially chimichanga with machaca and shrimps as well.
4	We have a friend who said the salsa is way too hot. All I heard was "you must try Los Dos Molinos". We love spicy food and are always up to a challenge. It wasn't very busy when we got here so we were seated at a large booth in the middle. I started with a margarita and normally in flavored frozen margarita you often wonder if they forgot the tequila. Not here, wow it had quite the punch to it. I'm excited to find a place that can make a great margarita without skimping on the liquor. Yes, the salsa is hot and yes, you're going to hate it if you don't like spicy food. But, that's just the way it's gonna be. They bought two different varieties, a green and a red. I preferred the flavor of the green. My favorite thing to order in a Mexican restaurant are taco salads. The only thing that I found a little disappointing was they didn't have any dressing for the salad. I prefer a little Italian dressing with mine, this is the first place I've been to that didn't have any dressing options. The salad was good, but not great. The service was awesome. Everyone really seemed to be working as a team to pitch in and make sure we have everything we needed.
3	This place is cute and eccletic. We took out of town guests here because frankly we aren't into the 'chain' of Mexican restaurants in the valley. The restaurant area is actually small but there is a ton of seemingly wasted 'bar' area space in the courtyard. Jon Taffer would turn that upside down and have that area hopping with tequila specials! Great food; Great menu; Great decor. You get one smallish basket of chips though and then you are charged. It's on the menu and yeah maybe us dumb American's should pay attention to those details, but cmon! Really??? So get ready because extra chips;$1. Extra salsa; $1. Hmmmm. That's a bit lame. Oh well, the silver lining is that you don't fill up or expand your muffin top before dinner, right? The other kicker is that this place is not open on Mondays! We always just call before driving over there. Several times we have tried to give this place our money and patronage and they are closed. SO, take my advice, call and be sure. Strong margs. Hot salsa. I like it! Good food and generous portions. Sent back a plate because it was wet and had 'residual' on it. Ick. The queso app was a little coagulated too; pass on that next time. Sour cream for the enchiladas on the side.. here we go again. Bam.$2. Seriously! That buys an entire 16oz. container at your local friendly grocer! All in all I really liked the place. It's fails are all fixable. Clean dishes; don't charge your guests for chips that cost you very little; and enough with the being closed all the time! Oh yeah open that patio up.. DRINKS!!!
4	This place is great for people who like spicy food. Usually I'm skeptical when I see a chili pepper indicating that an item on the menu is "hot", but Los Dos Molinos does not lie! The adovada ribs and spicy shrimp are BLAZING HOT. I must give the cooks credit though, because they are very flavorful dishes and the heat does not overwhelm the actual flavor of the food and spices.
3	We came here after hearing so much about it. The food is excellent. Hot, but very good. If you can't handle spicy food, this is NOT the place for you. This restaurant features New Mexican style food with chiles from Hatch, NM. I had the Chimichanga with Carne Adovada (red chile pork stew) and my wife had the Garlic Roast Pork Burrito.  The flavors were magnificent and the food seemed so much more authentic. The cons? The service staff is below average. They realize they're in a popular place and people will still come. They could make so much more revenue if they just checked on customers after the food arrived. I would have loved a second margarita. This is not the restaurant's fault but my experience was ruined by some loud-mouthed, low-class drunks who raised the roof with their loud outbursts and laughter. Thanks jerks. Through all this, I do recommend Los Dos Molinos
2	A
3	I ordered out from this restaurant because I work a block away.  I was born and raised in New Mexico so I was pretty excited to have some authentic New Mexican food so close.  The chili is pretty hot and the food is authentic.  It's actual hatch.The atmosphere is quiet and personal, a genuine mom-and-pop place. My only reserve about this place is their overload of cilantro in their salsa.  New Mexican salsa doesn't have cilantro and even so, they are quite heavy with it.I would recommend it and would go again.
2	It has been about 10 years since I last visited Los Dos and it was her first time.  I realized why I hadn't  been here in so long.  Thankfully we came on a Saturday around 2pm, so we walked right in.  Had I had to wait, this review would be much different.  I could never figure out what the rage was about this place.  The food is just so/so and everything is spicy.  Girls generally speaking, will not like this place. I personally like a little heat in my food, but not in every freakin item!!!  The margaritas were OK and they have a very limited menu.  I could think of 10 restaurants in the Phoenix area that are way better, closer and in a safer part of town.  I guess everyone should go here ONCE to try it out, but go when there isn't an hour wait so you won't feel like you completed wasted your time.  Ask any true Mexican in Phoenix what they think of Los Dos, and most will tell you the same thing.  There's much better out there.
5	Amazing food. Outdoor dining is magical. The chili relleno I had was excellently prepared with chicken and the salsas are amazing. Enchiladas come with a fried egg on top that makes the meal amazing.
3	We saw this place on our way back from South Mountain park and decided to give it a try because it looked like it had a fun atmosphere. We came in and were seated immediately but after 10 minutes or so had not received a menu even though someone had already come by to take our drink orders. We managed to find a few menus on another table and then put in our order. The food was great. My wife normally doesn't like Pork but she ordered some anyway after the waiter recommended it and was surprised. I got the taco salad and it was one of the better ones Iv'e had. On our way out to the car we had some entertainment as a fight broke out between a couple junkies across the street and one of them chased the other down the middle of the road. So the food was great but the location of the South Phoenix one is a little scary after dark.
5	Wow! This place is really, no really really good..I wanted to take another plate home with me but refrained (since I was with a group).  I has the enchilada dinner and it was plate licking good..I ate everything..even the beans which my boyfriend reminded that I don't like beans.  The salsa verde I could drink by the gallon and the margarita packed a punch without tasting overwhelmingly like tequila...I will be dreaming about this place until I can go back...Saturday afternoon...no wait/line...great service too!
1	Food was decent but the waitstaff absolutely sucks.  Super rude and condescending.  Not worth the time or money.  Stay away.
3	We decided to try Los Dos Molinos because it was mentioned in Phoenix magazine and it is one of the best outside patio areas on Yelp.   It is in an obscure location-not downtown Central.  The patio is very fun and eclectic.  There are three bikes cemented around a fountain and a human-sized Statue of Liberty, etc.  My husband and I were meeting another couple there.  We asked if we could have a drink while we waited for them and the hostess just said, "No".  When we asked where we should wait, she seemed put off by the question.  After a table was cleared for us, she asked, "So, I guess you don't mind sitting at a dirty table?"  We then got up and waited while they wiped the table down.  After sitting there for ten minutes, we had to ask for menus.  A younger man served us chips and spilled salsa on my pants, new jacket and Coach purse.  I cleaned myself up with napkins and he came back a couple minutes later and asked if I wanted something to wipe off with???   I was in the food industry for years.  Not that I'm looking for free food, but it would have been a nice gesture to at least offer a dessert on the house.  Speaking of chips and salsa.  The chips are thin and crispy, my favorite.  They are served with a red and green salsa, both very spicy.  I like some heat but it would be nice to have a milder (at least medium) salsa as an alternative.   I ordered a house margarita because the same gentleman said they used all premium ingredients.  The mix was awful.  If you've ever been to Rocky Point, they use the same nasty green stuff.  I guess it's authentic!  My friend was smarter than me and ordered the $12 Skinny margarita, which was much better.  Kind of pricey for such a casual restaurant though.  The food was very good.  My shrimp were cooked perfectly.  The beans were unlike anything I've ever had before-they were more of a chili bean, not the typical refried or black beans Mexican food is usually served with.  My husband rarely eats beans and even he loved these.  Everyone was very pleased with their meals.Our waiter was friendly and efficient.  The food came out fast.  I will give it another shot because the food was exceptional.  Hopefully the customer service will be better next time.
1	Unfortunately not a great place for service! We went with a group of friends and chose this place because of the Phoenix magazine review...disappointed to say the least. The food was pretty good. I had a chicken burrito and the guacamole was amazing! But the owner was extremely rude! They wouldn't seat or even take a soda order for my friends before we got there. When there was two tables open on the patio the the waiter asked us to choose one, when I sat down the "owner" walked by and asked if I would like to sit at a dirty table (well...not really) in an extremely rude demeaning tone. That was the FIRST of many unfortunate happening at this restaurant specifically with the lady owner.  Our waiter, a younger guy that said she was family was actually very nice and apologetic that she was not a happy person...obviously we could tell that by the way we were treated. Will not make the drive back...
3	Cool place.Good food as hot as Phoenix in August.
3	I met a friend for lunch and the atmosphere was very nice.  The staff was great and very accommodating.  They were patient, because we kept talking, but we finally did order.  I had a taco salad with chicken.  The size was just right as it came in a taco shell.  I am used to having lots of beans, and there weren't really that much, the chicken was a little sparse too, what chicken I had, was just on top of the salad.  The salad was good, but I wish there would have been more chicken.  It came with sour cream and salsa, which I used as a dressing. I would go back again, but would try something else
3	Me n the wifey came to Los Dos when her co-workers recommended it to her....I dont mind trying new places.....but it was a so so place....we went on a Saturday afternoon....not many people...nice place....quiet.....I had the Carnitas plate n the wifey had the Flautas.......the Carnitas were excelent....beans were good....rice was bland with no taste.......over all it was an ok meal....the service was ok.
3	This trip was so so.  The service was great.  But the green salsa was watery and not as blistering hot as usual.  The carne adovads burro was VERY small.  Had as much filling as a couple enchiladas.  A burrito should be thick and round.  This was small and flat like a large enchilada.  Barely and red or green sauce on top.  Had i done this ala cart and paid 2.25 for enchilada style i would have complained. i still should have.  For the price this meal was a poor value (and they charged a buck for another serving of the red sauce).   Much better food experience at the Camelback location
5	Clean, coolly dark in the middle of the day, friendly, cheap, quick, well-spiced, generous in size of drinks and portions of excellent food.That's all you need to know!
2	The food is waaaaaay overpriced! Its just okay food.... so you must be paying for the owners to squander money elsewhere...Be super alert because the neighborhood is dangerous! The waitstaff are condescending.  Si Senor in Chandler is so much better.
5	Wow, don't understand why everyone doesn't give this place 4-5 stars.  Other than Elote in Sedona, this is the best Mexican food  I have had in AZ.  First the atmosphere is fun, authentic and vibrant.  Our waiter was Mexican and excellent.  Finally I had an enchilada that had a homemade sauce.  Usually it is so thick that it tastes almost painted on.  Not here.  My daughters had burritos that were perfect.  We finished off the meal with heavenly sopapillas and ice cream.   I will come back here again and again.  It's excellent.
5	I have been here multiple times! The food is awesome, pretty spicy (I love to feel my mouth burn though!). I love the ribs (no bone, just meat).Highly recommend if you like spicy food, otherwise you will not enjoy it. NM is the best!
4	Oh all the Los Dos Molinos, I will say that this is the best one.This is the one that I would go to again and again.The oridgenal location was up in Springerville,(AZ) I have not ever been to that one, but have friends that have and all say it too is great.This was a place opened by family. I think that is why it is so good.The name translates to The Two Grinders. The story goes that both the husband and wife had a meat grinder that they brought into the family that had been passed down through the generations. So they decided on that name because, it was cool and it is.This location is the home (ranch) of an old Cowboy Movie Star. Though I cannot remember his name right now. Ask when you go.It is a great place. Lots of cool decour.The food is nice and spicy. New Mexico style spicy, which is a little different than Mexican style foods.They start you out with some chips and salsa. One Green, and one Red. Both delish, if you can take the heat.The sauses are really good, fresh and tasty. Everything you get there,mmm!Of course they are famous for their Margaritas, the strongest out there, I think.It is worth your time to give this place the once over.
1	If I could give zero star I would. Awful policies....I asked them to put my beans on a separate plate but Then I would get charged extra....just to slap it on a separate plate.  I then asked for an extra empty plate and they charge you extra for that.   This place really needs to rethink their policies, they could care less about customers. At least the server was nice.
1	I think Los Dos has the best Mexican food in the Valley, but I won't be returning to eat there after being a faithful customer since finding it in 2004.  For the third time in as many visits we waited over 20 minutes to have a waiter walk up, say HI and hand us menus.  While their chips and salsa were great as ever (thanks to the bus boy who was at least hustling), their service is becoming so abysmal to the point of entertainingly bad, that it is no longer worth the trip there if I'm going to walk out after a 20-30 minute wait for even a menu.   It pains me to say this because I really love the food.
2	Came here 2 weeks ago for appetizers and a Rita that was all and the tab came to $31.00. I can't imagine what a dinner would have cost, not impressed.
4	What can I say about this place that hasn't been said already? It's VERY hot food. They do have options that aren't as hot, but they don't sound as good. I have finally found a dish that I can eat which is the bean burro. That might sound funny but it's perfectly seasoned whole beans (just like my Suegra used to make).  The tortilla is soft, fresh, warm. It is a perfect specimen of a bean burro. I might mention, I'm happy I found something I can eat there, because I do love their Coronarita to drink. It really should be called "the tranquilizer".
5	This will be our go to restaurant when we come to Arizona. We loved the atmosphere and the food. Margaritas were great. The green chili was fantastic. But they have the best beans. Really. The beans.
5	Having been traveling these past 3 months straight, flying "Home" on Friday evenings have become an awesome treat! We head straight to Los Dos Molinos from the airport (date night ). Staff and service are the Best! with a smile! accommodating when running a bit late. Just call them on the phone and Takeout will be ready and waiting. The food is True New Mexican! Heat n Fire! The Roasted chilies are the best!! We enjoy Los Dos and continue to partake!
5	Absolutely LOVE Los Dos! One of my favorite Mexican restaurants in Arizona. I always get their adovada ribs. Their food is amazing but packs quite a powerful punch. (Spicy)
4	The Victoria green chili chicken was good . They only give u one tortilla for the chicken. Beans good. Rice no. Spicy nacho dip has weird taste at first but it tasted ok. Food was expensive and there's no kids menu . It was good but not excellent.
2	The  menu is limited. The tacos are soggy and tasteless, the side of guacamole is extremely small and cost 4 dollars.not returning go to Richardson's.
4	Very unique setting, this place has the best Mexican food in Phoenix IMO.
4	Los dos Molinos is a quaint Mexican restaurant in ahwatukee. As soon as I walked in I was greeted by a nice middle aged couple. The menu seemed to be very authentic and had different items that I've never seen before. This was interesting but, I am kind of a pikey eater so none of these cool items appealed to me. The overall service was kind of bad it took about ten minutes for drinks to arrive. I only got one refill the whole night. When the food arrived it was really good it had a great flavor. I ordered blue corn enchilada's, that's something I've never had before. Everything was great. Even the bathrooms were clean, and the staff was great. If you are craving good authentic Mexican food, this is the place to go. If your In a rush I wouldn't recommend this place due to the bad service. But if you have time on your hands, this is defiantly a place you should stop in and check out. You will not be disappointed.
5	I absolutely love this restaurant and it's always my highly suggested Mexican food place for out of town guests....mainly because I look forward to seeing their faces when they try the hot spicy foods. My go-to entrees have always been the enchilada dinner or the chile relleno plate. Both come with a side of rice and beans and a homemade tortilla. My only complaint about this place is the fact that they don't serve fried ice cream. They have sopapillas and flan, but I always need that ice cream to complete my mexican meals.
5	GREAT food, Carlos is amazing. Becoming here for over a year. See us coming and with a wave hello, drinks and food are on the way. Lunch or dinner, this place is the best!!!
5	This is by far my favorite Mexican restaurant in Phoenix. Everytime that I have eaten here, everything has been delicious and the staff is very courteous. If you dont like Spicy food, this is NOT the place for you. Even the food on the menu without the pepper next to it has a little spice. My favorites are the hard chicken tacos, carnitas, and adovada short ribs. If you save enough room, you have got to try the sopapilla with ice cream. You'll thank me later.
2	This place used to be great, but now the food is average. Based on the quality and amount served, the menu is overpriced. Also, they don't allow substitutes and they don't split checks.
3	I moved here a year ago and have been to this place several times.  If I liked spicy spicy food, I'd probably give 4-5 stars.  I have only had one thing from there because it's not spicy, and that's the grande burrito.  The burrito is delicious, but everything else I've tried there has set my mouth on fire and I've had to hand it off to someone else.  For being one of the few sit down restaurants in Laveen, it's one of the better choices.  The service isn't all that great, and we never know who our server is (it's usually 4-5 different people dropping stuff off or taking orders throughout one meal) and we have to ask for things a lot, but all in all, it's a place I've been a repeat customer at
2	I really have enjoyed the food here over the years, but I left today feeling ripped off and disappointed.  The portions have shrunken substantially while the prices have gone up. What gives?
