5	Short Stack Eats epitomizes the Madison breakfast scene. Atmosphere is comfortable and the location is prime. Food left nothing to be desired and will definitely bring people back again and again. Short Stack Eats fills a unique niche that has something to offer for anyone who dines with them!
5	Awesome new Madison breakfast place located right on State Street. Stopped in by chance last night and the food was so good I came back for breakfast this morning.  Tried the sweet potato, oatmeal pancakes with mascarpone--so outstanding and not too sweet.  My friend had the biscuits and gravy (again, twice).  We also tried the orange juice which is super fresh-squeezed.  Tastes like actual oranges.  And the Bloody Mary's were also great.  I'm a true convert and only wish there had been such a great brunch and late-night option when I was a student!!
3	My boyfriend and I ate at Short Stack Eats for the first time this morning for Sunday brunch. The atmosphere is warm and welcoming, and the noise level wasn't too bad for a brunch rush, either. We ordered the cajun biscuits and gravy, as well as the "trio" of pancakes, sausage links, and scrambled eggs. The biscuits and gravy were good - not too spicy but be warned that the gravy isn't a typical milk gravy and it is rather meat heavy. The biscuits were also good, flaky, and dense. The pancakes, as expected, were also delicious. The short stack came with three small pancakes and had a distinct griddle flavor, with a crisp exterior and very light texture. The sausage links were mild, and the scrambled eggs were also average. My only gripe with my meal were the eggs coming to the table pre-seasoned with pepper. Not being a fan of black pepper on my eggs, it was a little disappointing. Otherwise, it was a good experience. Maybe not our favorite breakfast spot in town, perhaps not for the $24 we spent on two meals and coffee, but it is a welcomed addition to the breakfast scene on State St.
3	Pretty underwhelmed by the food. Had the eggs benedict, lack of flavor and pretty "meh". My friend had the trio,the eggs and potatoes were comparable to something you could make yourself at home. Really enjoyed the atmosphere and decorations. Laid back with great cinnamon coffee. Maybe come back for the milkshakes I saw others drinking. Will not be coming back for the breakfast food unfortunately.
5	There have been a few failing restaurants in this location before Short Stack, but I think this one will be a keeper. I went here for the first time a few nights ago and was very impressed. Walked into friendly and smiling employees, great aromas, and overall a great vibe. Ordered my food at the front, received a signature license plate, and grabbed a booth. Food came out in no time smelling and tasting terrific. I ordered and recommend the sweet potato pancakes, blueberry pancakes, and cajun biscuits. Overall a great experience. I'll see ya soon! RATINGS (A+  --  F)Service: (Host/Food Runner: A) **No serversFood: A+Drinks: N/A **WaterPrice $: AAtmosphere: AOverall Experience: A
5	Was here for lunch on a Friday and had an excellent meal.  Very friendly service and the Cajun biscuits & gravy was great.  The order was huge so heal fonder would be fine for most.  My friend ordered the blueberry pancakes and said they were some of the best.  Excellent quality and value.
1	Their "25 ingredient Bloody Mary" tasted like dill, pickle juice, and sugar. That's it. The pancakes came out doughy and undercooked, not unlike chewing on butter-flavored taffy. Have you had the new breakfast menu from Taco Bell? No? Then come to Short Stack Eatery and try the breakfast burrito. Cheap flower tortilla, over salted, mushy ingredients. They claim that the burrito contains chorizo, cheese, and potatoes but it may as well be Fancy Feast with hot sauce. If you're looking for a breakfast place at 3 AM after a long night boozing on State (we came here at 5 pm on a Sunday) and don't have a car that can get you to Denny's or Perkins then come here as a last resort only. If you're drunk enough not to remember the food then count yourself lucky. I won't be back any time soon.
3	I was honestly expecting so much more out of this place, I left quite disappointed. Which makes me :(When you arrive, you order your food at the counter and then receive a license plate with a number on it that you take to your table. I came with three other girls for brunch at around 2 PM on a Sunday. We ordered our food and sat down to wait. The table was very wobbly and when I sat down I ended up spilling coffee everywhere because it was so unstable. Not ideal to enjoy brunch with hot coffee on your lap. I ordered a coffee (obviously), which is self serve. It was okay, but definitely tasted like it had been sitting for a while. They have self serve water too, and offer one with lemons in it. That was out though and was never refilled the entire time we were there which was a bummer.While we were waiting a server came to our table with a short stack of blueberry pancakes....which nobody had ordered. We told her they weren't ours and she rather rudely scoffed and walked away. Then, most of our food came. They ended up making the wrong thing for one of my girlfriends and she had to wait a good 10 minutes for her plate of oatmeal sweet potato pancakes. So, 2 service blunders, a rather unpleasant waitress, and some spilled coffee is the main driver for the 3 stars. I ordered the trio with gluten-free chocolate chip pancakes, breakfast potatoes and bacon. The pancakes were yummy, and I hadn't been able to have pancakes very often so I was excited they offered them! The bacon was also crispy and good. But the breakfast potatoes, they are heaven! Make sure to order them with cheese and onions. You will not be disappointed. I could live off of these things. Others at my table enjoyed their food as well. Only complaint I heard was that the french toast was soggy. It was also fairly expensive. Portions were as small as you get at a diner and cost you twice as much.So, 4 stars for the food. 2 stars for the service/table mishap. I will definitely give them another try, but don't think they'll become my go-to brunch stop.
5	Great new breakfast place! Had the breakfast sandwich and cheesy potatoes, which were excellent. Love the Bloody Mary bar and the overall feel of the place, casual and friendly. Can't believe nobody thought of opening a cool restaurant like this serving late night breakfast close to campus when I went to school here.
5	Short Stack Eats is absolutely amazing!  I was in town visiting family in Madison, and we loved this place so much that we ate there twice in one day!!  On our first visit, I tried the Cajun Biscuits and Gravy and a Bloody Mary - Oh my gosh!  It was so fantastic!  The bloody mary was so incredibly flavorful - I've never had one quite like it!  The cajun biscuits and gravy was also a very unique treat!  I'll eat almost anything that says "cajun" because it is almost always amazing, and this dish is no exception!  It had just the right amount of spice to it, a generous helping of meat cooked into the gravy, and the house-made biscuits were out of this world.On my second trip, I got the Trio with eggs, ham, and breakfast potatoes and a side short stack of blueberry pancakes.  On both meals, the eggs were cooked PERFECTLY, which seems to be a challenge at other restaurants.  I should also mention that, normally, I do not care for pancakes; I am more of a French Toast guy.  But one of my cousins told me that I HAD to try the pancakes here, and they were SOOOO right!  I have no idea how they cook their pancakes, but they were kind of crispy on the outside, and soft and fluffy inside, made with super fresh blueberries and they were quite literally the BEST pancakes I've ever eaten in my life!  The ham was delicious, and the breakfast potatoes with cheese and onions were outstanding!!!We also had some more drinks this time as well.  I'm told that the name of the drink we all hasd was "Immensely Ian," but we all just kept calling it "The Cherry Thing" and they knew exactly what we meant.  I have no clue what was in them besides champagne, but they were amazing as well and the perfect summer time drink.  One of my group also had a mimosa that I tasted and it was very good.  All of the servers that helped us were sooo friendly and sweet.  One of my cousins was celebrating her birthday, which we did not tell her, I think she just overheard us talking about it.  So, she brought over a short stack of silver dollar pancakes with a candle in it and sang happy birthday to her!  SO SWEET!!!The restaurant was very cute, and I was told that they are not even done decorating yet.  I can't wait to come back and see it when everything is finished.  But, so far, there are lots of little touches everywhere that make this a very pleasant, and unique dining experience!  I highly recommend this place to anyone who, like me, is a fan of breakfast!!!
5	Incredibly delicious!! I was visiting Madison over the weekend and HAD to check out the newest breakfast hotspot. I ended up coming for an after bar late night meal, AND breakfast the next day!! At night i ordered the breakfast burrito. Because i do not eat meat, i was able to substitute the chorizo with any veggies of my choice for no extra charge!! I ordered mine with broccoli and mushrooms and it was amazing. I got it with a side of mixed greens that had such a delicious sweet vinaigrette on them. So good! The next morning we came back and i had the baked french toast. O. M. G. holy cow. This is not your average french toast. It looked to be ciabatta bread, or something similar, sliced into long thick strips, with a lot of crunchy crust and a super soft center. It was topped with walnuts and served with fresh strawberrys and a really tasty whipped cream. i did not even have to add syrup. SO. GOOD. i can't wait to go back and taste everything else on the menu!!In addition to the food being outstanding, the atmosphere and restaurant itself is perfection. Such a great location. The staff was very helpful and friendly. There were fresh flowers on every table. Cute breakfast quotes on the chalkboards (fans of It's Always Sunny will appreciate this! Be sure to pay attention!). The tables had old postcards and letters mounted under the glass. Every detail of this place was the perfect mix of charming and modern without trying too hard. Short Stack Eatery is by far my new favorite breakfast joint. And late night joint. I mean, who doesn't love breakfast all day!?
5	I went to Short Stack for the first time this weekend and had a terrific brunch experience. The Bloody Mary was one of the best bloody marys I have ever had! Spicy and delicious! I also had the breakfast burrito which was tasty. A very hearty portion (needed to share it) and great breakfast potatoes on the side! Will definitely be back for more!
5	This place is not only adorable, but delicious. You order at the counter and grab a table. They have a sweet and a savory breakfast menu, with a number of unique and fun drink options, including a 25 ingredient Bloody Mary. I loved the sweet potato pancakes with mascarpone and fresh strawberries. The cheesy BBQ pulled pork grits were also amazing!  They also have traditional eggs, bacon, potatoes and sourdough toast, which are good portions.The restaurant is open for brunch and late night, for breakfast anytime. Definitely coming back!
4	Cute breakfast place, very busy and noisy but fresh and delicious food! I love the decorations. a chandelier made of whips, plants in tea cups, green walls, old envelopes and letters under the glass covered table. Very adorable place!I was lucky to get a seat right away when I came by at 10am on a saturday, however I was warned that food will only arrive in 35 minutes after ordering. I waited 15 minutes for my friend to arrive and then we ordered after a hard time deciding our pick for the morning.The volume in the place got louder and louder as the hour passed and we started to have to shout to be heard. Not the best place for heartfelt conversations, perhaps great for after drinks hungry hour.I ordered the cajun biscuits and gravy! i am so grateful they have small orders for petite eaters like me. One gigantic biscuit, covered in amazing gravy and a sunny side up egg. mm mmm... SO GOOD. love how the egg goes with the spicy peppery gravy. very nice crust on the biscuit, great layers, held up very well with the gravy. and there was just the right amount of gravy to finish the huge biscuit! love it!My friend had the trio, with eggs, potatoes and bacon. she said the potatoes were really good and bacon was thicker than store bought bacon. she loved it!I would definitely be back, BUT, i would get some pastries or get something to eat before coming back for brunch...
5	The eponymous short stacks of pancakes are delicious, but I also recommend the Cajun biscuits and gravy, eggs Benedict, and for sure the Bloody Mary. The "blind special" is a fun idea (pay half price if you let it stay a mystery until it is in front of you) & between two tries so far I have not been disappointed!
2	As eager visitors from Los Angeles,  we happened upon Short Stack while walking downtown.   The food was really tasty and gluten free pancakes were awesome.  The place is really nicely decorated with a nostalgic feel -- but no smiles from the wait staff.  As mentioned in other reviews,  you order at the counter and then grab a number (cutely placed on a retired license plate) which sits on your table until your order is ready for delivery.   The bummer may have been the position of the table at which we sat, but every person who passed by us or who brought over drinks seemed stressed,  overextended (3pm in afternoon with no crowd there) and just generally so unenthusiastic that our excitement at being there was substantially diminished.   Also, staff seemed loathe to help when I was trying to find sweetener for my iced tea which wasn't offered upon delivery, and the direction to find it neither.   As I wandered to the other side of the restaurant in search of it, nobody at the counter paid any attention as I struggled to make sense of what eventually presented itself in the form of a poorly marked baker's rack stocked with various condiments as well as sweeteners.   In addition,  while really tasty, the quantity of food on the plate seemed way too small  given the cost.   My iced tea, organic,  but glass filled with lots of ice,  took 3 long sips to imbibe,  and no refills are given.   Overall,  disappointed because we wanted to LOVE this place,  and thought we would've -- but we didn't leave thinking we'd go back.   Bummer
5	Awesome blueberry pancakes!  Just the right amount of berries to make the meal tasty and portion size was very filling.  No syrupy berry sauce either....fresh blueberries on the side to top off a superb breakfast staple meal!    I can't wait to order this again :)
5	Food is incredible. They offer half orders of most things which allowed me to get a half order of biscuits and a short stack of buttermilk pancakes. DELICIOUS midnight meal. 4 stars for the hearty gravy and warm maple syrup with the pancakes.The 5th star is for the little details that SSE nails--a water station (for humans and fordogs), the brilliant "blind special," and a music selection that covers 90s throwbacks and indie pop hits.I've been twice in the last week and I just want to go back.
4	Great, cute place with something for everyone at all hours! Our group included carnivores, a vegetarian, and a gluten-free-er, and everyone was pleased with the menu. With bread from Stella's, the breakfast sandwiches were the biggest crowd pleaser!
2	Sadly, another style over substance restaurant in downtown Madison...My husband and I went on a Saturday morning around 10:30 am. It was busy, but we expected that given the day and time. We were told that once we ordered, it would take about 40 minutes to get our food, which seemed excessive, but we decided to give it a go.We ordered at the counter and managed to snag a table. It was extremely loud and difficult to carry on a conversation--not ideal when facing a 40-minute wait time on the food. I watched a lot of servers wandering around with drinks or plates in their hands, desperately searching for the correct table, and it seemed like maybe this place is a little too busy/crowded for the order-at-the-counter format.Food finally arrived. Husband got the Cajun biscuits and gravy, which he really liked. I got the breakfast scramble, which was good but nothing special, and was a bit cool as if it had been sitting for a while. The sourdough bread was standard. The cheesy grits were bland. Prices felt a bit high for the amount and quality of the food.Overall, it's meh. Certainly not terrible. Nothing that made me want to run screaming for the hills. But definitely nothing special, and no real reason to go back. There are way better breakfast places in Madison.
5	Stopped in on a Saturday and had a great bloody mary and cheesy grits with BBQ pork. The atmosphere is very cool with a ton of personal touches. Highly recommend this spot at any time of day. (they're open 24 hours all weekend!)
5	Everything we've tried has been amazing, including the Blind Special. Friendly staff; great decor; one of our favorite places to brunch.
5	There are no lack of places to eat in downtown Madison. Given all the great restaurants in our city, you'd think someone besides Original Pancake House could figure out how to make a great breakfast with fresh ingredients. Short Stack Eatery was even better than the word of mouth led me to believe. Best pancakes off my life, relaxed atmosphere....only complaint is that they aren't open 24 hours.
5	Fresh squeezed Orange juice..once you've tasted it you'll never be satisfied with what you buy at the grocery store. Difficult to decide what drink to order from their new "Summer Stiff Sips" menu! Today I ordered the "John Daly Thymly Sage Advice", a scrumptious concoction of all herb infused vodka plus Lemonade plus tea. Can't wait for tomorrow when I'll have the Mimosa! My food was the DELICIOUS "Blind Special" , a breakfast sandwich of egg, sausage party, and grilled onions & mushrooms on a pretzel roll and a mixed greens salad.  Beautiful fresh flowers at every table, and friendly staff made my  visit today very memorable.  I will definitely be back soon!
4	My food was really good. I ordered the sweet potato pancakes and they did not disappoint. Service was quick and pleasant.My only complaint is that the restaurant itself is really warm inside. I was sweating at the end of being there for breakfast.
3	My husband and I would give three stars to SSE. Overall, the atmosphere is pleasant. We enjoy reading names and addresses on many envelopes under the glass on the table. The quality of food would deserve four stars had we not ordered French toast. The dish came in a lovely decoration of three baguettes, fresh strawberries and blueberries. However, the baguettes were too hard. I found it very difficult to cut them in pieces and more difficult to chew every piece of them. I couldn't finish them and left one piece on the plate without feeling regret of not asking for a box. My husband got the Trio and he loved the chocolate chip pancakes. So our suggestion is that ask before you order French toast and avoid it if it's made from baguettes.
3	Breakfast itself was really great. I ordered grits and pulled pork and it held up to my southern expectations. However, the organization and management of the restaurant could use some help. There seemed to be a mix seating arrangement where some people were seated by the hostess and others just grabbed a table for themselves. The hostess seemed overwhelmed and had trouble coordinating table arrangements- moving couples from table to table multiple times. In addition, all the staff didn't seem to be on the same page and the food took over 45 minutes to get to the table. Since its a new restaurant, I am sure the communication and organization kinks will be worked out soon and the good food will become center stage.
5	I've been twice and love it!The first time I came on a weekday morning with a friend.  We shared a breakfast sandwich on a pretzel roll and some blueberry pancakes.  The pancakes were light and fluffy and delicious.  The sandwich was an amazing mix of flavors--love the caramelized onions.  I especially liked the potatoes that came on the side--creamy, crispy and cheesy--comfort food at it's best.The second time I came in the evening with my husband and we shared the breakfast sandwich (which we both loved) and the french toast.  The french toast is now by far my favorite and the memory of it makes my mouth water.  It was made with crusty french bread with just the right amount of sweetness and both chewy caramely and a bit crisp-- not one bit soggy.  So amazing!Both times the service was fine--you order at the counter and get your own coffee/water so not much to mess up there.  The second time was in the evening and they made fresh decaf for me.  Both times there were several other occupied tables, but not crowded.  Our food came fairly quickly.I definitely recommend this place.  I'd be eating here all the time if I went downtown more often.
3	Overall good food and service. We got the breakfast burrito and breakfast sandwich on Stella's cheesy bread with cinnamon hazelnut coffee. The only problem was we went in mid June, and they were not running the ac. It was ridiculously hot in the restaurant which made it hard for us to enjoy our food and the experience.
5	Love this place! Everything is made from scratch- the ingredients are top notch (and locally sourced) and you can taste it. The menu has a good balance of traditional breakfast foods for the Breakfast Purists out there, but also some funkier items like the Sweet Potato Oatmeal pancakes or the breakfast sandwich on a Stella's hot spicy cheesy roll served with rhubarb jam (the perfect sweet/savory combo). The Blind Special is also so fun, and has yet to disappoint. Highly recommend this place for breakfast, brunch, late night, or anything in between (they're open 24 HOURS Thurs-Sun people!)
5	Everything me and my wife have had here has been outstanding.Biscuits and gravy, good. Breakfast burrito, good. Pancakes, good. Bloody Mary's, goood.Did I mention they have a make your own Bloody Mary Bar? Really good!
4	I've been here twice, once in the morning and once late at night. PROS:-food is AMAZING. I tried a bit of everyone at my table's dishes, everything from mac n cheese to pancakes to eggs benedict, and loved it all.-side of greens instead of your regular soggy fruit or salty potatoes is FABULOUS!-get the blind special...you won't regret it-the decor is cute--I love the postcards under the glass on the tables, fun to read as you wait for your foodCONS:-Service is a little spotty and slow, but it's a new business, so I understand it can take a bit for those things to get streamlined-the cocktails are really complicated (I realise this sounds like a stupid complaint but I don't want to have to read a drink description six times to decide if I'll like it) and overpriced for Madison; also quite weak, I couldn't taste the liquor in my drink at all-and the real kicker...the place is not air conditioned, and it's usually hot as hell inside. It was okay when I went at night and the place was empty, but when I came back during packed brunch hour, it was a nightmare--at least 85 degrees inside. Such a bummer! Hope they install AC or at least some fans asap.But they're a new business, so 4 stars for them! I'm sure they'll work out the kinks soon. I will definitely be back often.
5	This was fun! They do breakfast items all day. You order at the counter and then they bring the food to your table. Really cute interior with a variety of kitchen sets. Another fun thing is the "blind special". There was a sign saying to ask about it, so I did. There is a new one everyday and if you don't ask what it is, it is $6.50, if you do have them tell you what it is it is $9 or $10, can't remember exactly. They will tell you if it is sweet or savory and vegetarian or not. I did it...that day it was pulled pork on a pretzel bun with caramelized onions and a perfectly fried egg on top. It was served with a side of spring mix lightly dressed. My dining companion had blueberry pancakes and she said they were good. They also ha d a Bloody Mary bar. They bring you a Mason jar filled with ice and then you mix up your Bloody Mary with a variety of toppings. We are for sure doing that next time! The people that waited on us were friendly and efficient, no complaints there. Will definitely go back to try something else.
5	We stopped in for a late breakfast and it was great. The menu includes breakfast staples that are executed very well and with a neat twist. Plus, they give you the option to order half portions! The air conditioning was broken and it was a bit warm inside, so to make up for it, they were giving 1$ off each cold drink. Overall, it's a great addition to the Madison breakfast scene and we will be back!
4	I'm so glad that SSE has found a home in a space that has seen so many turnovers over the past few years. I really love what they've done to the place! It is bright, vibrant and so wonderfully decorated. I hope that SSE is here to stay! :) My only concern: ventilation seems to be a problem in the restaurant. It was wayyyyy tooooo hot (even with multiple fans going at full speed) and I left the restaurant smelling very, very greasy. If it is a nice day and there are seats outside, I would definitely recommend snagging them!  It is nice of them to offer $1 off of all iced drinks for the heat, but I think the long term solution would be to fix the ventilation system. I ordered the blind special on good faith for a mere ~$7 (!!!) and then decided to tack on a Bloody Mary half way through my meal. I was secretly hoping the blind special would be a savory dish because I wanted something that would go well with the Bloody. Lo and behold, it was a savory dish, and it went spectacularly with the Bloody Mary!Next time I will be back to try something from the 'sweet' menu! Or I might just roll the die again and take my chances with the blind special. (:
5	Just went to Short Stack for the first time and loved it! The Bloody is one of the best in Madison, and definitely the freshest. I ordered the mystery meal (it's $7 if you don't ask what it is, and $12 if you do). I won't tell you what it was either, but I can tell you that it was awesome!
4	I've been trying a few new brunch spots recently in the hopes of finding something a little better than the usual continental style that you see frequently in Madison.  Short Stack is a refreshing change of pace, and one in a line of relative newcomers that are trying to change things up.I had heard about it from friends as a "college breakfast place that's open just about 24 hours" which while cool didn't really entice me to make a trip for it.  Thankfully yelp reviews, their website, and pictures all looked quite appealing so I made a visit.  The atmosphere is almost exactly what I like on a lazy Sunday afternoon; very open and lots of natural light coming in, friendly conversation from young but knowledgble wait staff, and a mixture of service with a do-it-yourself vibe (they have a water and extras table setup).  The central bar is a fun focal point of the restaurant, and they have just the right amount of tables to make it a comfortable time.  I see far too many places jamming their space to the brim to the point where you can't enjoy your supposedly "relaxing" brunch.  Short Stack doesn't have this issue.I ordered the Cajun biscuit and gravy after a great amount of deliberation as many of their items sound fantastic.  It was about as awesome as it sounds, and completely hit the spot.  The portion size was just right too, I'm a fairly big eater but this was satisfying without being crazytown.My only gripes were that it did get a little loud, I think accoustically the space isn't great, however it was still quite comfortable for conversation to the contrary of what some other reviewers said.  Secondly, the door to the restauraunt was wide open the entire time on a hot summer day, and personally I'm not a big fan of that because it means bugs are probably coming in and getting into the kitchen (which is open air visible to the tables).  Close the door and stay sanitary and that will win the last bit of me over.I like the decor of the restaurant a lot, it has an old tea party like feel (not to be confused with the political party), with a very warm, positive atmosphere.  I'd definitely eat here again soon
5	Stopped in for my first time on a Sunday morning during Maxwell Street Days. When I arrived the line was out the door, as expected from everything I've heard/read. Luckily for the waiting to-be patrons, the weather was excellent--no umbrella required. As we waited in line to receive our number, which happened to be painted on an old Wisconsin license plate!, I came to realize the beauty of the cafe-style order structure. No waiting for servers to take your order or refill your water/coffee (refills are free for these beverages and you help yourself at tables set up near the bloody mary garnish bar), and the check has been handled up front so when you're done, you can leave as you please.Now onto the menu, everything from chocolate chip pancakes to southern classics like biscuits and gravy and pulled pork and grits, any breakfast mood you find yourself in is catered to. Most meals are accompanied by your choice of breakfast potatoes, toast, or greens. Keeping myself to a restricted diet and understanding how vegetables are so important in our nutrition, the choice of greens is perfect and needs to be a staple side on any restaurant menu whether for breakfast, lunch, or dinner. Everything in house is scratch made and locally sourced, which just adds icing to the proverbial cake. Anytime I visit a restaurant with local, scratch-made fare, I am always enticed by the special as it allows the chef to expand their culinary reach and dazzle us with flavor combinations and ingredients many normally don't engage in. The beauty of this is amplified through their Blind Special. If you ask what the special includes, it's $12; if you go in trusting the chef of his work, it's half price. If time and resources allowed, I would eat here every day just for that reason.The ambiance is eclectic and has a northern Wisconsin feel to it. I felt like I was in Door County, but the Sunday brunch rush and oft-seen variety of Madison folk kept me grounded and reminded me I was on State Street after all, which made me glad that it's so close. Personal touches surround the place, as letters from family members sit below the layer of glass atop the table we sat at. This place has an excellent feel, I can't wait to dine when the crowd isn't so heavy so I can ruminate with the staff and hear some info about how operations have been going.I highly recommend SSE to anyone in the surrounding Madison area or those traveling through. This is exactly the addition that State Street needed. Great job at creating a knockout joint.Shout out to Lindy from the Connex Family, way to do us proud.
5	Delicious menu and fun decor. I had the Cajun Biscuits and Gravy and was not disappointed! I love the concept of an all-night breakfast eatery downotown. My only concern is it's location, near the 100 block of State. This is a high traffic area for alcohol-related issues (people fighting, disturbing traffic). I came here at around midnight and sat outside. I was bothered by some passerbys leaning over the railing and over my food and cringed as people were drunkenly dodging traffic. Perhaps I'll return at a different time of day when the unsavory folks aren't out.
2	I really wanted to like this place more than I did, and the sweet potato pancakes were pretty good, but there's a couple of things that sort of killed it for me.  After ordering at the counter and having to get my own coffee, I realized that what I like most about going out for breakfast is just chilling out and being taken care of... and having to get up 2-3 times to refill my coffee is something I can do at home (the servers had plenty of time on their hands to come around with a carafe).  I took my 7 year old with me and realized afterwards that he more than doubled the price of his main dish by ordering OJ ($3) and a side of bacon ($4.99?!?).  The OJ was fresh squeezed but unless you're in Florida or get lucky with the oranges, its not worth it in Wisconsin (and of course my kid didn't drink it, but I did, because it had pulp!  More a knock on my kid than the restaurant for that).  The bacon was 3 slices that may have been locally sourced, but was nothing special to justify the price.
4	The short stack sweet potato pancakes were fantastic. There were chicks of sweet potato in the pancakes, it was a nice surprise because they were warm.  Not on top like they normally are.  It does take a while for the food to come. It is worth the wait but you can't be in a rush.  The place is a bit warmer then the average restaurant but just sit back and relax with some juice or something.  The decor is trendy and looks like a college hang out.  I will defiantly go again. I will just not be in a rush.
3	Don't be deceived: There are plenty of signs c this should be a nice place... Local products, local owners. But. Expensive and poorly prepared food. Eggs were child & tasteless, bacon over cooked & tasteless, cakes were decent. Ambiance good. Coffee good. For a $17 breakfast it was lacking quality.
5	Breakfast aficionado here.  This place has the best blueberry pancakes I've had the pleasure of eating. Perfect flavor & perfect sized portions!Beyond that, SSE has great ambiance and really, really nice employees. I haven't gone during a busy time so I can't speak about noise being an issue. 10/10 would visit again.
3	I came here for brunch this morning, and there was one dish that blew me away - the sweet potato oatmeal pancakes were to die for.  The maple-bourbon mascarpone was a beautiful complement to the spiced pancakes.  It was like having carrot cake for breakfast, but not quite as sweet.  Short Stack is all about restraint in their food, which works perfectly well with their sweeter breakfast dishes like their pancakes, but not so well with the savoury dishes.  I also ordered a small order of eggs benedict which I was not happy with.  The potatoes that came on the side were tasteless and bland.  They hadn't even bothered to salt the potatoes, though the sour cream and hot sauce they provided helped it out.  The hollandaise was mediocre and the egg on top wasn't poached but done over easy.  They use a biscuit rather than an english muffin for their eggs benedict and I found the ratio of ham to biscuit to hollandaise to egg yolk all off.  A good eggs benedict is balanced.  I also ordered their bloody mary.  I ordered the lil version which was regular sized while my friend ordered their regular version which was enormous sized.  Neither of us were a fan of the bloody mary.  We both found it thick like tomato soup and heavy on the garlic.  Really, we both felt like we were drinking cocktail sauce without the shrimp.  Neither of us finished our bloody marys.  Come here for the amazing pancakes.
3	It feels to me like they are still working out the kinks and haven't yet achieved the consistency and polish I'd expect from a place that has to charge downtown prices.  Or maybe I'm just picky lol The cook was obviously talented the day we were there, but the details of menu and layout were disappointing.  The sweet potato pancakes with bourbon maple whipped cream and fresh sliced strawberries were most definitely the best breakfast dish I've possibly ever had, and my husband's hollandaise was outstanding.  I was put off by the price of sides and, in a restaurant that touts local sourcing, serving asparagus in August always seems like pretty bad form to me.  I don't mind that you order at the counter (they bring the dishes to your table), but I am sick of restaurants that charge you $2.75 to wait in line to pour your own drip coffee from one of two carafes for the whole restaurant, and $5 for three slices of overcooked, hard as rocks bacon that probably should have already come along with the pancakes anyway.  Willow Creek bacon is much better, btw. I'd rather they increase the price on all the mains by $1 and decrease the price on all the sides and drinks by $1, then I wouldn't feel so ripped off.  I'd go again some time for the pancakes, but its not going to replace our regular Sunday Original Pancake House breakfasts.
5	Amazing! A delightfully refreshing ambience with very friendly and helpful servers. Between the 4 of us, we had the sweet potatoe pancakes, breakfast burrito, pulled pork cheesy grits and Cajun box suits and gravy. They were all very unique and interesting flavors and I'd recommend all of them! And the bloodys are wonderful! I would write in all caps if I was that type of person :)
2	I'd been looking forward to eating here for awhile, so this past Sunday I stopped in around 7am for breakfast and some paper-reading time before continuing with my day.  It was disappointing.My food was good.  I had the breakfast burrito and enjoyed it.  The restaurant itself is comfortable and is a great place to relax and watch the world go by on State St.  At least it could have been.When I walked in, one of the first things I noticed was the loud music playing.  It was turned down just a bit, but as I sat down with my cup of coffee, I was treated to more music -- from a different source -- coming from the kitchen.  So  now I'm listening to two different songs at pretty much equal volume.  Not long after that, someone in the kitchen (which is open to the dining area) started using what sounded like a Shop-vac.  This went on for at least 10 minutes before I'd decided I'd had enough and left.I can cook my own breakfast at home, so going out to eat in the morning  is something I enjoy, especially on a Sunday when I can read for awhile with a second cup of coffee.  Not sure I'd come back here to do that. The staff seem more interested in entertaining themselves than in providing a good atmosphere for customers, and the Shop-vac?  I can't explain it.
5	I love everything about this place. The food is top notch. Favorites include the Cajun Biscuits and Gravy and the Pulled Pork and Grits. The menu is filled with ingredients from locally sourced purveyors (the coffee is amaze-balls). I'm also a huge fan of Bloody Mary's in general and SSE makes one of the best - 21 ingredients, thick, chewy and refreshing. Short Stack Eatery really proves you can have breakfast anytime.
3	I stopped in for dinner at around 8 pm on a Saturday night. I was excited to find real breakfast place that was open for dinner. The place was pretty empty at this time - only 2 other groups of people, maybe 6 people total. There appeared to only be the cashier and the cook working.The ordering experience was strange - despite this looking like a real restaurant, you order at the counter. But don't be confused like I was, ordering at the counter means ordering at one specific place at the counter (where the register is). I thought sitting at the counter was sufficient. It wasn't.That aside, once I ordered, the food came out in about 10 minutes. I ordered a small portion of the biscuits and gravy, which was 1 biscuit, 1 egg. It was delicious, my over medium egg was perfectly cooked, and the biscuit and gravy was also excellent. I only wish this was a bit cheaper. It was like 7 dollars and a very small portion size. I definitely recommend this place if you're on state street and looking for breakfast food!
4	Open 24 hrs. Thurs. thru Sunday serving only breakfast. Menu changes regularly but everything is fresh and in season. Order the 'Blind Special' and you get it for half-price....as long as you don't ask what it is. If you do, then you pay the full price. Wi-Fi, out-door seating, and free large glasses of water. Hard to find a better deal late weekends that's not pizza.
5	Limited hours. Annoying but effective. Things I've tried:Sweet potato pancakes: scrumptious! Tastes like carrot cake. Breakfast burrito:  Delicious and greasy. Eggy and cheesy with chorizo goodness. Pretty large plate for me but I'd say average for most people. You will be full for sure. Cinnamon Hazelnut coffee: I'm sure they rotate the coffee selection and I usually go for bold roasts but this was pretty good and free get it yourself refills! Interesting fact:Blind special is half off if ordered blind!
5	My boyfriend brought me to SSE, and I was a bit skeptical at first, given the absurdly long line, as you order at the counter and then sit. Yet even though it was a Sunday, the staff worked so quickly we had ordered and found a table within 10 minutes. The gluten-free pancakes are to-die-for. I've been GF for years, and never I have I had pancakes so rich in flavor and so perfect in texture, despite trying varying restaurants, boxed mixes, and recipes from scratch. My boyfriend ordered the blind special, but if you don't ask what it is, you get it for 1/2 off! You're allowed to ask about allergies, though, and so I could even try some of his, which was this amazing sweet potato and sausage casserole, topped with fried eggs. In short, great place, great food, but as bit too crowded, too hot (no AC!?!?!) and way too noisy (there's nothing to absorb the sound) place for a relaxed meal, but the food and the friendly staff make up for it.
5	24 hours. Buttermilk pancakes, cheesy grits, crazy Bloody Mary's, breakfast all day and night. Seat yourself and self serve water/Bloody Mary toppings environment with great corner view of State Street and people watching. Need I say more. Give it a try
3	Short Stack is a good place and I like the 24/7 breakfast option on State St.The food was okay. Not amazing by any means but it tasted alright.To be quite honest, it seemed like State St. version of Mickie's and if we're going to compare the two, Mickie's is definitely superior.That said, Short Stack is still pretty good, a solid option for some good pancakes and such.
2	I got the cajun biscuits and gravy and my husband ordered a coffee.  The total was $14. The coffee was good.  The gravy and the eggs part of my dish was good but the biscuits were not.  They were dry and over cooked.  Personally when I get biscuits and gravy I expect buttermilk biscuits and these were not it.  Also it was pricey for something that wasn't that spectacular.  I would be interested to try something else here but for now I can't give it a higher rating.
4	Different experience but well worth the trip. Ordering when you walk in isn't that new of a concept, but it seems to work well here. Drinks were brought to our table very quickly, and we didn't have to wait too long for our food. I wasn't a huge fan of the bloody mary's, as they were more of a veggie flavored mix with lots of pickled extras, but if you don't mind that, it may be right up your alley. The menu isn't huge, but the food is really good. Great breakfast potatoes, and I heard from my friends that the pancakes were delicious. I had the scramble, and you get to choose from a selection of great fresh ingredients, and I would highly recommend it. All of those in our group were very impressed and we would definitely come back again.
4	Great new place.Menu is not extensive but the quality and fact it's locally sourced makes this my fun little go-to place now.Great coffee, fresh ingredients and quick service!Note that it's a bit on the pricey side but well worth it.
4	Pros - Best bloody mary I've tasted. It's chunky, flavourful, super tasty and the perfect amount of spice! Cons - I've ordered the biscuits and gravy twice, both times the biscuits were cold, but the gravy was good.
1	Color me unimpressed , when u pay an exhornant amount for two eggs toast and potatoes and wait 40 minutes for your food and another half hour to get in the door u should get perfect eggs and potatoes my eggs were over cooked my potatoes undercooked overall id give this place a 1 out of five overpriced poor service over cooked undercooked - just makes for a bad dining experience - one that I wouldn't go back for seconds
2	My husband and I stopped by an hour before a performance at the Overture. When we arrived, there were plenty of tables open and it is breakfast food. Shouldn't take too long to get food right? Wrong.The menu looked OK. Limited but a lot of local ingredients. I ordered the breakfast burrito and my husband ordered the breakfast sandwich. It seemed a little overpriced for breakfast food. After we had placed our order, we sat and waited and waited. There didn't seem to be too much coming out of the kitchen.  Watching the chefs and how much time it took them to put up a stack of pancakes was...I was stunned.  During a 10 minute period, the only thing to come to the window was a stack of pancakes which was delivered and returned by some customer. With about 10 minutes to go before the curtain was going to go up, our food arrived. 45 minutes it look to get a burrito and breakfast sandwich. My husband ate his as fast as he could, but mine was too hot to even get one bite down. I had to bag up my food and run to make the show. When I finally did get a chance to sample my burrito, it wasn't impressed. It was flavorless and dry. No sides were offered with the burrito which was in desperate need of an acid like salsa. When I asked my husband how his sandwich was, he couldn't remember anything spectacular about it. Short Stack is a good concept but poor in execution: overpriced, slow service and the food was meh. If you want great breakfast food, save yourself and go to Crema Cafe or Dairyland where they know how to do an outstanding breakfast.
2	Overpriced subpar food. Paid $19 for scrambler and 2 small glasses of milk. The scrambler was burnt. The waiter that brought the food asked "if she could get us anything else", I asked for hot sauce, she then pointed me in the direction of the condiments stand I.e. Get it yourself. I'm glad I tipped for that great service. They had no potatoes, how does a breakfast place run out of potatoes?
2	Short Stack Eatery is open four days a week.  Every other restaurant on State Street is open at least six days a week.  How do they manage this? Easy: they jack up the prices.I ordered: eggs sunny side up, sourdough toast, potatoes, sausage, pancakes (yes, it was a big breakfast!), a bloody maryMy wife ordered: a breakfast burrito and a mimosa.The total came to... over $45.  That's right: $45 for breakfast.  That's insane.  I might be ok with paying that price for the best breakfast I've ever had.  That's not what I got.The good:pancakes-- truly excellent.  Fluffy, flavorful, and served with a high quality maple syrupsourdough toast-- delicious!The fine:- eggs were cooked just fine.  It's not like you can make brilliant sunny side up eggs.  You either make them right or screw them up.  They didn't screw them up.The not fine:- The sausage links tasted fine, but they were TINY.  I've seen breakfast places serve links this size, but they've always come four to an order.  At Short Stack you get two.  Pathetic.- Potatoes: Absolutely flavorless- Breakfast burrito: delicious on the first bite.  Mushy and salty after that.The absolutely disgusting- Bloody Mary: I love this drink, but this was by far the worst, most repulsive variation I have ever tasted.  It was pulpy, thick, and disgusting.  It came with an elaborate garnish that contained absolutely nothing that I actually wanted to eat.  And it somehow inexplicably costs ten dollars.  Seriously?Just thinking of this drink is making me gag. The WTF?- it was about 90 degrees inside, so we ended up sitting outside in late October.- The waitress brought the food and drinks.  I asked for tobasco sauce to kill the nastiness of the bloody.  She told me to go inside to the self service bar.  Are you kidding me? Did I just not pay $45 friggin' dollars for breakfast? How about you grab the goddamn bottle of Tobasco sauce and bring it to me?Why does this location seem to attract total amateurs who don't have a clue about running a restaurant?  First T Sushi and now this bullshit.
5	Sweet potato in a pancake? Yes, it has been done. And it is glorious. The sweet potato oatmeal pancakes at Short Stack Eatery will have you questioning how all nearby breakfast restaurants are still in business. If everyone knew how delicious these cakes were, Short Stack would be giving all competitors a serious run for their money. These spiced oatmeal pancakes are whipped up with real sweet potatoes and served with a generous dollop of bourbon-maple mascarpone and fresh strawberries. A plate of these guys is comfort food at its best. While they are hearty and filling, the fact that you just ate oatmeal and sweet potato makes you feel good about yourself. Pancakes are the new health food, have you heard?
3	Awesome: the breakfast sandwich, especially with Stella's cheese bread as the base and potatoes on the side. Delish and addictive! The place is very cute, and I love the focus on local ingredients. The other dishes I didn't order looked really good too!Not as awesome: the pancakes were only fair, which was surprising since that's their title. They left a weird taste in my mouth, and the blueberries tasted oddly chemically. The saddest part was that there was about sizable raw part in one of my pancakes. :(Unawesome. Is that a word?: Other customers were pretty aggressive/rude about snagging tables before they even ordered. Do the staff members have to play table cop like at Marigold? Come ON people, wait your turn. A good experience, and I'll be back to check out other dished ... Just not the pancakes! Also, it's a busy place, so this is not the place to go for a quiet chat. But if you don't mind a little bit of noise and snuggling at tables, it's a-okay.
5	Instead of eating on the outskirts of Madison, ventured into the down town area.  Had breakfast at Short Stacks.  What a refreshing change of pace for us.  Great breakfast, efficient service and a down to earth menu.  The sweet potato pancakes are worth the trip.
1	This place is dead to me.  Will never return.  Unfortunate concept that was poorly executed.  Mediocre food on top of it all.
4	Make your own scramble!! My personal favorite is pepper jack cheese, chorizo, pepper and onion. Their pancakes are delicious. My boyfriend got the Cajun biscuits and gravy and absolutely loved them. I think when I looked away he started licking the plate. Their cocktails are different but nonetheless good. I didn't love the Bloody Mary--it is made with beets and the stick of food on top isn't great either. The pumpkin cider (beer) was really good and so are all the cocktails I've tried (except the Bloody Mary). Overall short stack eateries food is definitely worth it and they are open late on weekends. They can get pretty busy, but you pay before hand then have food delivered (like noodles and company). I definitely recommend this place for brunch.
3	Short Stack has a great location and I think that it's model of open 24h thurs-sun is pretty cool. The tables and chairs are cute and food came out fairly quickly. The chocolate milkshake was stellar. It was my first time so I did the "blind special" where you can order the special at half price without knowing what it is. I'm usually risk-averse but why not. You're allowed to ask if The dish is sweet or savory, and also ask if there are particular allergens. Mine ended up being a ham quesadilla. I would've like to know if it was a breakfast food or not, since it is a breakfast eatery. Regardless, my companion and I both got dishes that were full of caramelized onions. Additionally, I got a stack of blueberry pancakes which were good but you'd think that a place that specialized in pancakes would have better butter instead of just the basic pre-packaged patty.
3	We went in on a Saturday morning. As always there were lots of people waiting in line. Food was good but no where outstanding. I think service was lacking and almost everything was self serve. i recommend the sweet potatoes pancakes.
5	Wow. I was amazed by this place. A thoughtful menu that feels as though each and every dish had an intense amount of care and consideration for each ingredient. The bloody mary's were truly refreshing-- not just your typical ingredients with some spice and too much garnish to make it seem fancy-- these are obviously deliberately balanced, refreshing, and new. Big fan. Then, we went with a couple crowd favorites, the oatmeal sweet potato pancakes, and the breakfast burrito. Both were some of the best breakfast food I've had in a long time. I've truly never had anything like the pancakes before. The burrito embodied pretty much everything I could like about that kind of dish. Okay, to try and slow down a little bit from the overwhelmingly positive review: I'm not sure I'm a huge fan of their backwards ordering system. While the order-and-pay-first-then-grab-a-seat method might work for somewhere like a sandwich shop, it doesnt seem very good for a sit down brunch place. As soon as we finished paying and sat down, I realized I wanted coffee. Now I'm staring at a line of 15 people and deciding to just go without it; at a traditional wait-staff served place, that would have been no problem.  But overall, a small price to pay for some of the best breakfast food in town.
4	My birthday breakfast was amazing here! We sat near the cool open kitchen in this casually hip and funky restaurant, with a great view of all the goings on. I tried the Blind Special, which is perfect for someone like me who can never make up her mind -- it turned out to be a delicious bacon and tomato omelet with fontina cheese, served with their breakfast potatoes and that smoky hot sauce and sour cream stuff that I wanted to drink right out of its little ramekin. I had a banana shake, too and it was AWESOME. My family was nice enough to let me try their various pancakes and they were also AWESOME, with fresh maple syrup. They have fresh squeezed juices, too! Short Stack Eatery rocked my world this morning. Just really really good. The walk up and order, then find a table thing was a little stressful for us with a wheelchair, and they don't do rezzies, but it turned out totally fine. Can't wait to try it again..
3	I have heard good things about Short Stack and it has been really really busy on numerous occasions when I passed the place, especially so on Farmer's Market Saturdays. So that arose my curiosity. On my first time there a coworker and I picked what we thought was an off-peak time -- Sunday afternoon, to go. It wasn't too bad, there was no line and we could get a table right away. Only thing is they'd ran out of french toast by that time and my friend had wanted that. Price wise I feel their pancakes are reasonably priced, some of the stuff could be priced a little more competitively, but being where they are and all, it's not a bad deal. My friend had the blueberry pancakes that came with only 4 blueberries... which was a pity cos he said the blueberries were the best part. I am still having an eternal craving for biscuits and gravy so I had that. Two huge buttermilk biscuits with cajun sausage gravy, topped with two eggs, which I am pretty sure you could pick whatever style you like. I like my biscuits and gravy. Their sweet potato pancakes are another great option, healthier and not any less tasty and flavorful. While we were there the music was pretty loud, together with the chatter of the other diners, it was hard to hear each other over our meal. Water is self-serve over by a wall at the back just fyi. One more thing: it will be good if their online menu can be kept up to date, some of the pricing are not current. All in all it's a nice place to go for breakfast/brunch/dinner/whenever you feel like having what they offer on their menu. They open 24 hours starting Thurs all the way to Sun, so it's great for post-overture center shows and the likes.
1	I have been to Short Stack Eatery multiple times, and each time the service has gotten worse. The worst experience being last night, when it was not even busy. I ordered a short stack of blueberry pancakes and it took over half an hour to make. People who ordered AFTER me got their food before I did. There were only 2 other tables as well, and one table was still covered with empty plates the entire time I was there. Furthermore, the girl who took my order was insanely rude. She had glasses and brown hair pulled back. I asked if I was able to split a stack between blueberry and chocolate chip and she responded in a snotty tone "we don't do that here." One member of our group had a gluten allergy and required hers to separate from the others. However, when we politely asked for them to separate and mark which one was gluten free she said in the same snotty tone, "I put it on top." For a restaurant that is only open Thursday to Sunday, she had an extremely unprofessional attitude, which deters me from going there again. I suggest that if they plan to stay in business they need to work on their customer service and learn how treat people in an acceptable manner.
5	My new favorite breakfast place...of all time and everywhere!Love the central location, love the cute decor (especially all the letters and envelops under the table glass, with the adorable mason jars with candy canes on them.) I liked the order process as well (sounds silly I know) but I like how you walk in and the counter to order is right there, you quick look at the menu, and you order and pay all at once. I ended up getting a Mimosa, and the Breakfast Burrito. Both so fantastic. The Mimosa was the perfect blend of Orange Juice and Champagne...I downed it pretty fast. And the burrito was pretty good, came with Guac, sour cream, hot sauce, and your choice of Potatoes, Toast, or a tossed greens. I wish I had opted out of the potatoes, and went with the toast. Just wasn't a huge fan of them I guess.  Over all pretty great experience at Short Stack, loved how open it was, and how sweet the staff all were, and the great food as well. Trying out the breakfast sandwich or Pancakes next time though! :)
4	Great milkshakes and pancakes, and good coffee. Prices are higher than you might like, but it's the only place I've had great pancakes in Madison, and the location is cute. Recommended, for certain. Consider getting drinks as well if you're coming in for a late-night trip. They should be open for breakfast during the week! I understand not opening for the all-night option until the weekend, though.
4	My table tried the sweet potato pancakes, the eggs benedict, and the breakfast sandwich.  All were super tasty.  The eggs benedict had very flaky buttery biscuits which I was a big fan of.  The breakfast sandwich came on a Stella's bun, how could you go wrong?  The bloody mary was extremely flavorful and fresh ($10).  It had a nice blend of tomato and beet juices that not only gave it a very good flavor but also a beautiful color!  The only thing that kept me from giving it 5 stars was the fact that it seemed you had to do everything yourself.  Water, silverware, syrup, etc were your errand to run.  The person who delivered the food to our table asked if we needed anything and when syrup was suggested he pointed us to the other side of the restaurant... I was a little peeved by that, as it seems like the pancake order would include this.  Overall, however, I will definitely be returning for another bloody and maybe their blind special!
4	Really enjoyed everything about this all day/all night breakfast place.....but the staff was so-o-o-o sad.  (More about that later.)Great location on State  Street, a couple blocks down from the Capitol, with a minimalist interior.....yet it seemed homey. One look around and it was obvious that this was a very local, neighborhood kind of place with a great welcoming vibe. We sat at the bar and watched the food come out of the kitchen (nice size portions with photo worthy presentations), got our own coffee, and just enjoyed the buzz around us. Our orders came quickly and were classic, yummy breakfasts - Eggs Benedict for me and a couple of scrambled eggs and toast for the missus. Good flavor but wished we had shared a big stack of pancakes. Next time!  Oh, and a lot of Bloody Marys were passing in front of us and were mighty tempting. Next time!The sad staff???  By sitting at the bar we had plenty of opportunities to chat up the young staff and everyone of them was bright, witty, and seemed genuinely interested in our having a wonderful dining experience. Kudos to the owners who have hired well.  In our chatting we told several of the staff that we were in town for a company Christmas party.  The conversation went something like this:Me:  "So, have you guys had your Christmas party yet?"Anonymous Staff ( to protect the innocent!) "No. No party for us. As a matter of fact, there's been no mention of any kind of party."Me: (with big fake sad face) "That's just sad. I'll write a review on Yelp and mention how sad you are."Anonymous Staff: "oh, please, please do that! That would be funny!"Well....to the Anonymous Staff that made us want to come back again and again....You're more than welcome!
5	I love absolutely everything that I have eaten here but I am especially in love with the breakfast sandwich. The spicy cheese bread roll and the rhubarb jam make it one of the best I've eaten.
