5	You can only drive by a place that has a sign stating "Home of the Real McCoy" so many times before you start to feel cheated each and every time you don't stop. As an avid lover of sandwiches and established eateries, this place is a safe house for me to exercise my food passions. For about 5 minutes at a time anyway, as that is all the longer this place takes to make a whole Original and there is no where to really eat unless you are daring enough to commandeer the pinball machine as your personal table.This sandwich doesn't mess around. It is the epitome of a no-frills classic sandwich and should not be attempted by all the avid Subway lovers (you know who you are, you sad fools). The meat is piled on to crusty yet manageable bread. The toppings are fresh. The oil and herbs are plentiful. From the time you unwrap to the time the garbage gets taken away, the entire office smells like, well, sandwich. But not just any sandwich. This is a sandwich from yester-year, a simpler time, when sandwiches were made not for a $5 marketing campaign but rather because people need - nay, deserve - a damn good sandwich.You've driven by this place so many times, its about time you start asking yourself why you hate good sandwiches at affordable prices. Then get inside Real McCoy and enjoy what your father, grandfather, and high school gym teacher would be proud to call his lunch.
5	I don't know what it is about this place that has people constantly seeing it, being intrigued, but not stopping in. I was exactly the same. The old-school sign, the pinball machine, the sparse interior that can be seen through huge glass windows, and the obvious feeling that this place has been a part of this iconic Pittsburgh neighborhood for ages.The sandwiches are big and made right in front of you and the people are so incredibly welcoming it can start to feel like a second home!
5	I'm tempted to wonder why there are only 3 reviews for this place, and why it always seems to get passed up as people walk down carson street in search of exactly what The Real McCoy claims to serve, but then I remember that I'm part of the problem - the same kind person who walks by every time he wanders down East Carson looking for good food at a reasonable price, and simply says "huh, look at that" as I walk past.Well today I figured while I take a break from looking for modern furniture that is way out of my price range that I would finally stop in. The menu is simple: about 8 sandwiches, halves are $3(some are $3.15), wholes are $6(some are $6.30 or so). Extra onions, extra peppers, extra dressing is an extra $0.10 per half each. On the wall there are what appear to be artist renditions of what the sandwiches might look like. The lady behind the counter took my order and had it ready in a few minutes. She fumbled around trying to fit all of the onions and peppers snug in the cheese sandwich, claiming she hates nothing more than when she gets a sandwich home and has to rebuild it. I paid my $3.21 in cash and left her the rest of the $5 because she was so friendly, she thanked me profusely.The sandwich was awesome, the bread and the peppers were perfect, and the onions were thin exactly the way it should be. Despite her best efforts, things eventually did fall out of the bottom of the sandwich, but it wasn't too bad.I almost took off a star because I asked for mayo and they had only miracle whip... But I'm not going to be the one to ruin the streak. Also, someone donate a table and some folding chairs to this place.
5	I bought sandwiches from here for all my co-workers one Saturday afternoon - it pretty much catapulted me to "king of choosing lunch" status. Unbelievably, no one else in the entire room full of Pittsburghers had ever tried the unbelievable sandwiches at Real McCoy. Recently, this sandwich won 2nd place in some best sandwich in Pittsburgh contest - that 1st place winner must have been laced with gold, frankincense and myrrh to outshine the Real McCoy. If you haven't been yet, I honestly cannot fathom what you are waiting for.Also - my first deviled crab experience was from here - talk about a life changing moment, it's like someone spiked my Thanksgiving stuffing with crab and then formed it into handheld nuggets of savory flavor covered in optional hot sauce. Amazing.
4	I was hungry, and Judit was running late, so I ran across E Carson to try out the Real McCoy. What a fantastic little hole in the wall! If you're looking for good, cheap eats, come here. Half (at least 6in, seemed bigger) hoagies start at $3. Three dollars! I think the most expensive one was still less than $4. The menu is limited, but, really, how many sandwich options do you need? The lady running the joint is really sweet, and the whole place has a very home-cooked feel to it. I went with the polish ham and provolone and a side of potato salad, and it cost less than $5. Best part? It actually tasted good. Fresh bread, plenty of ham, sour pickles--yum!Cash only, and take-out only. No tables or chairs to enjoy your cheap eats.
5	This is a great place to get some pretty solid ingredients in a big sub. The sub is probably a footlong and it's much weightier than a subway/quiznos footlong. I was playing it like a rookie and went right for the self-titled McCoy Original, which is like an Italian sub. Good choice, I reckon. The bread was pretty good and tasted fresh. It comes with a little too much oil on it (from the meats and dressing itself), so if you're not a huge oil fan, ask them to leave it off. Also, it's really just a take-out shop, so make sure you have a place to go with it. The sandwich was $6 plus tax and exceeded my expectations for quantity and quality. The staff is nice, too. Good place for sure!
3	I love the interior of this place. It is a restaurant that time has not yet impacted. It brought me back to a simpler time. I had the classic sandwich and was not really blown away. It is way better than the dog food they serve at Subway. I could not believe there was anybody next door at Subway when something great and authentic is right next door. I have had better hoagies and subs elsewhere but would come here based on principal alone. A 6 inch is only $3 which is astounding.
5	Real McCoy is hidden in plain sight amidst all of the bars and restaurants on East Carson St. They have been in business in the same location for 57 years. The shop is unassuming, outdated, and semi-sketchy looking causing many patrons (including myself) to walk on by. If you choose to take notice of Real McCoy and give them a shot, trust me, you will be pleasantly surprised. They make great, meat loaded, simple subs at hard to beat prices. I go with the Original McCoy, ham, salami, capicola (I think), and provolone. All subs come topped with lettuce, tomato, and onion. I always add their house made hot pepper relish. They are cash only and there is no where to eat inside the shop.
4	Maybe it was the recent thread on Yelp about sandwiches that made me hungry.  Perhaps it was divine intervention.  Whatever the reason, today I finally made it to the Real McCoy Sandwich Shop on the Southside for the first time in my life.  I was driving down the entire length on Carson Street searching for lunch ideas and a place to park before I pulled into one of the only free spots right in front of the place.The woman behind the counter was very friendly.  She could tell I was a newbie so she explained a little bit about the most popular sandwiches and her 80 year old grandmother and how they have been in business for many decades at that location.I went with the Original Real McCoy with everything on it including the incredible zesty relish that they make from scratch.  Super fresh soft bun.  Loaded with high quality meats and veggies.  Served lightning fast.  I did not have the willpower or patience to drive it back to the office so I ate in my car (yes, I was hungry).   Highly recommended.  I will be back.
4	The Real McCoy is one of those places I miss since moving out of the South Side.  For only $3, you can get a half hoagie with the freshest meats on the freshest bread with the best toppings.  I usually go with the Original but I don't think I've ever heard anyone complain about any of their menu options.  The employees treat you like you're a friend and neighbor because that's who has supported them and the reason they continue to do such good work.  It's a cool little mom & pop kind of place that you can tell hasn't changed in, well, ever.  But that's what makes it so great.  Clearly these cheap sandwiches have stood the test of time.  I'm surprised that the Subway nearby is still open after having to compete with a place of this caliber.  Seriously though, don't be scared.  Walk in, order a sandwich with everything.  Yinz will be glad you did.
4	I had a fairly long wait here to get my order in. While I was not happy about the wait, the steak and cheese that I received after I ordered was actually fairly decent. Would I always wait for one of the steak and cheeses? No. Might I return every now and again? Yes.
5	had an original today...AMAZING!!! Welcome back!
