5	I'm a real estate broker/investor who's worked with contractors and tradespeople for 3 decades I can tell you that Scott and RMR are a full cut above what has become the norm in the trades. I just used them for a laminate floor installation at one of my rental properties in Mesa and they were great in every way. They were responsible, reliable, and quite reasonable in price - three attributes that are very difficult if not impossible at times to find within the building trades. I found them on Yelp and just had 2 five star reviews to go by. I say "just" because you never know on this or any similar site whether the reviews are real or phony. After using RMR for the first time I now know that those two excellent reviews are absolutely real.
5	Contacted Red Mountain Renovations after reading their reviews on here because I needed my bamboo flooring installed.  I have to agree with all of them.  Scott and Alex were great to work with.  They are very personable and flexible.  My moldings didn't come in time for when they were installing my flooring, but they came back when I finally got them and didn't charge me for the extra work as well as time they took to come back out to my house.  They also had the best prices for installation as well.  I highly recommend them to anyone that is looking for a company to install their flooring.  I will definitely be using them again in the future.
5	I could not be more pleased.  I saw the ad and called Scott who was very professional and although I was a bit of his usual area, he would check his calender and get back to me.  The next day Johnny called and told me Scott had called him and  he would be able to accomodate my install of PERGO.  We worked out a very convenient day and time.  He got stuck in slow moving traffic on the way and immediately called me to confirm he was on  his way and the time of arrival.  VERY professional and the price was very competitive and the job is done to my satisfaction - and I am obsessive.
5	Red Mountain Renovations should be your FIRST choice for your flooring needs.  I researched multiple companies in the area and chose Red Mountain Renovations because I felt they would provide prompt service, a high attention to detail and be dedicated to the project...my feeling was right!!  :-)Scott was very responsive to all of my questions and was available for all of our needs.  His installation team was top notch; fast, polite, respectful and showed a genuine care for quality craftsmanship.  I cannot say enough great things about Red Mountain Renovations and choosing them for your flooring needs will be a decision you will be happy with.
5	Let me just start by saying that Scott and his crew are the best flooring people you will ever find!!!A little over a year ago we purchased our home and decided to remove carpeting from all of the rooms and closets and replace it with PERGO flooring. Through some research, I came across Red Mountain Renovations. Scott was very professional and was able to come in to do the flooring on the very short notice. They did such an amazing job that everyone I had at the house always compliment the floors. About two weeks ago, we had an A/C condensation pan leakage. This caused our closet ceiling to fall and all that water went all over the walls and flooring. When the clean up crew showed up, they removed water damaged boards but in the process, they damaged a lot of the boards that were not effected by the water. Once again Scott and Alex came to my rescue. They worked with my schedule and were nothing but understanding, compassionate, and professional. Not only were they able to transform my damaged floors like nothing ever happened, they also were kind enough to help me with closet door framing. These guys are absolutely amazing!!!!
5	I never thought floors could be done in a few hours but Scott said he can. I had an area to cover of about 775 sq ft and it's all 1 story. Scott was there really early with his crew and knocked it out! All the reviews I've read we're very positive and that's why we've decided on red mountain renovations. Him and his crew worked quickly but efficiently. Cleaned up afterwards and that's all there is to it. I highly recommend Scott and his crew to anyone needing floors done. Thanks again Scott and crew!
5	We recently moved to Mesa,Arizona, and the home we bought needed flooring in one of the bedrooms.  We needed the flooring in ASAP, not knowing anyone who does this kind of work we turned to yelp, and read the reviews on Red Mountain Renovations.  It turned out that RMR lived up to their billing.  I contacted Scott, and after he heard what our situation was, he told us that he would be able to accommodate our needs.  The very next day Adam showed up and laid the flooring in a very professional manner.  We will be contacting Red Mountain Renovations for all our flooring needs.  Thank you Scott and Adam.
5	Scott laid down the laminate in my bedroom and walk-in closet 1.5 years ago.  They did an amazing job, the whole crew, very friendly, professional and super competent and excellent price. They all really care about doing a superior job.   The floors looked wonderful.  I had flood damage a couple of months ago and needed some of the bedroom and the entire closet re-laminated.  Got this ridiculous contractor price, who was associated with my plumber,  and simply called Scott.  He did the job in 2.5 hours, including replacing 200 feet of baseboards, again masterfully. He has a friendly, great crew,  and a great price.  I saved a lot using them and it could not look better.  EVERYONE should use Scott Sackson for their flooring needs.
