2	While out running errands the hubs and I decided to stop for a bite. We live in the neighbor and had seen the grand opening sign.... Upon walking in we were not greeted, even though the cashier was making a milkshake. When she walked passed us she still didn't acknowledge us... Then when we placed our order she just kinda stared. Not really a great impression. Honestly, there is nothing special about this place. My fries came from the freezer and were undercooked. My burger was cooked all the way threw (they do not due temp requests) and flavor less. The hubs ordered a strawberry milkshake, for the price the cup was super small and we watched the cashier throw what wouldn't fit in the cup away. If you're going to waste your product, you could have given it to us... Either way it's costing you.  I could have literally has the exact meal at Burger King for a better value. Doubt I'll return :(
2	pretty standard burger, a step above fast food, fries were a bit limp, onion rings nice and crispy, wish they had more interesting topping choices, owners were very nice.
2	My husband and I went here on our weekly lunch date after there was no parking at Gadzooks. It was really just okay. Totally fast food that kind of took a long time, especially since there was only one other customer waiting. It's not fantastically pretty or comfortable inside.. Strange color scheme. They do have a large wrap-around patio that would probably be nice to eat on in the cooler months. The food: I got their namesake ranch burger. It was really mediocre. The meat was ok, it had lettuce, mayo, pickles, "ranch sauce" (which was just mayo with maybe a squeeze of lemon and relish). The bun was too big for the burger and I ended up with a lot of extra condiment-coated bread after I ate through the actual meat. As a side I ordered the onion rings. They were ok. Nicely crispy, but they had that dated crumby fry-coating reminiscent of old school McDonald's chicken nuggets. Husband had their regular crinkle-cut fries as the side to his basic burger. They were bad. Clearly just thick crinkle cut freezer fries dropped in a fryer.  Who I assume was the owner was very nice. Our order was taken promptly and upon leaving the chef (perhaps co-owner) asked how our food was. I didn't have the heart to tell him it was mediocre fast food in every way possible. :( I mimic my fellow yelper below who said that they could get the same exact thing at Burger King for half the price. I can believe that they have a food truck that does pretty well.. But unfortunately I don't think this place will make it as a stand-alone. I won't be back. There's a lot of other good options in the area.
