5	Me and my family love this dentist. The wait for a cleaning is always at least a month but they are more than accommodating for everything else. We can usually see Dr. Song the same day, of not the same week. His staff are professional, friendly, and efficient. We never wait long before our appointment and the Dr. is alway with us in a timely manner, quick and thorough to do his work, and pleasant. He has a steady hand and I love that he is just personable enough to put you at ease. Most recently we had a top notch experience, something I just NEEDED to write about!My husband had a tooth chipped a long time ago when he was a teenager. Dr. Song was the first person to get it fixed the right way, filling it to make it look like nothing ever happened. We really loved the initial outcome, though he did warn us that since the ceramic patch was on a front tooth it would be a challenge to make sure he didn't overuse it and cause it to break off. Easier said than done. One day my husband came to me. "I think it's going to fall off," he mentioned, making a face. He'd bit into a really tough piece of food, and felt it loosen. It was a Friday and I asked him if he thought it might be able to wait for Monday. He said okay. Several hours later (about 3pm) he came back to me and held out it hand. "It came off." We talked about it again and decided to call the dentist for an appointment on Monday, first thing. The tooth was now sharp and uncomfortable for him, but we didn't think there was any way they could take him so late in the day. I called for an appointment and to my disbelief when I explained the situation, the receptionist put me on hold for a moment. When she came back on the line she told me how she'd related the information to Dr. Song and he'd offered to stay late just so that my husband could come in and get his tooth fixed. Dr. Song was fabulous. He never made us feel rushed or unwelcome even though it was Friday and I'm sure he was eager to start his weekend. Excellent!
4	This place was excellent from the very beginning! I called for an appointment at 9 am and they scheduled me at 3 pm. When I told them that I was in pain they bumped it up to 11:15 am. The waiting room, though small, was very nice and relaxing. The woman behind the counter was decently friendly but she looked busy. The woman that escorted me into the room was very nice as was the dentist Alex Song. The dentist's voice was so calming that he almost put me to sleep... normally that would be a bad thing for me but considering his profession, it's probably one of the best qualities he can have. Oh, and a nice flat screen playing Iron Man while I was in the hot seat didn't hurt either! Nice place, great aesthetics, and a nice staff. It's only not getting the full 5 stars because it's not the cheapest place I've found but they did give me a good discount because of some promotion they were running.
4	Premier Dental Care was excellent from the very beginning! I called for an appointment at 9 am and they scheduled me at 3 pm. When I told them that I was in pain they bumped it up to 11:15 am. The waiting room, though small, was very nice and relaxing. The woman behind the counter was decently friendly but she looked busy. The woman that escorted me into the room was very nice as was the dentist Alex Song. The dentist's voice was so calming that he almost put me to sleep... normally that would be a bad thing for me but considering his profession, it's probably one of the best qualities he can have. Oh, and a nice flat screen playing Iron Man while I was in the hot seat didn't hurt either! Nice place, great aesthetics, and a nice staff. It's only not getting the full 5 stars because it's not the cheapest place I've found but they did give me a good discount because of some promotion they were running.
5	I am one of those patients that had the biggest fear and anxiety of sitting in that dental chair.  I dread and  drag myself to appointments.  Not so much anymore.  Dr. Song is awesome!   He and his assistants are absolutely great at calming me down. He's in tune with his patients, works pretty quickly, and knows how to put you at ease.  Front desk receptionists are friendly and professional as well. He has had pretty much the same staff since Ive been going there. I needed major dental work and was able to follow through it.  So kudos to Dr. Song and his staff, for improving my smile.
5	Looking for dental work in Henderson area look no further this is the place they have all the latest and greatest technological advancements in dental technology I think they really do try for pain free dental work. if you find yourself putting dental work off because of a bad experience somewhere else I would urge you to give this office a try you won't regret it.
5	Premier Dental Care has a great staff. If you are seeking a new dentist office, I highly recommend this group. Very friendly and professional. Everyone who works here is top notch especially the lead Dentist, Dr. Song.I did research on many dentists in the Valley. After reading so many solid reviews about Dr. Song and this office, I took the leap to give them a try.A definite "Two Thumbs Up" for this office
4	Great office, went in on time, hygienist was professional, careful and explained everything. Dr. Song was fantastic.  Staff was courteous and pleasant.  thought the registration using a pad was ok, sometimes hard to negotiate and it would be difficult  for some.  Suggest a stylus to help.
5	There are not enough words to explain how much I enjoy this dentist office. I have ALWAYS been terrified of going to the dentist. I'm talking literal tears when I have to get a shot, its that bad. Never had I had a dentist that is as professional, caring, and quick as Dr. Song. I was beyond impressed with him and his whole staff. I went in for a temporary crown (in two weeks, a permanent crown), and anyone who has ever had this done, its not exactly pleasant to have your tooth drilled like that. However, he was so kind, and QUICK. You could tell he was very good at what he does. He asked me a number of times how I was doing throughout the process and he really made me feel comfortable. For someone that doesn't even like getting her teeth cleaned, this is a huge deal. I have to get another crown made for another tooth, and I feel really good about the fact that I have now found a dentist that will not make me feel full of anxiety as I get the process done. SO glad I found him thanks to Yelp.
5	I'm smiling pretty all thanks to Dr. Song and Premier Dental!I had been avoiding going to the dentist since we moved to the Vegas area.  I knew I had to get some work done and it makes me nervous.  But I was really happy to find a great and professional dental office.The girls working at the counter to check you in are happy and inviting!  The waiting area has comfy sofas, a television and magazines.  With the very organized office that this is, I didn't need any of it.  For both appointments that I've had here, I was in the dentists chair before my appointment time.  I love punctuality!   I explained what I needed done and they went to work quickly with a smile!  The dental assistants here are awesome.  So friendly and helped me ease any anxiety I had before my visit.  Before I knew it Dr. Song was there working on my teeth.  With both visits, he was very comforting and gentle.  I would definitely recommend them for any dental work.  They have a organized system in the office with Dr. Song at the helm! All deserve a job well done!
5	I cannot praise Dr. Song and his staff at Premier Dental enough. From the second I stepped into the office for the first time back in 2010, I felt at home. Thank you for making all of my procedures as comfortable as possible. I definitely recommend Premier Dental to anyone looking for a great dentist and staff. Best dentist I have ever been to!
5	Love this dentist and his wonderful staff! Front office is always friendly and professional.Dr. Song is someone I can trust. The equipment they have makes for a speedy crown (same day). They are very accommondating-squeezing me in on a busy day when I had a tooth break. My favorites are Cherie and Rhonda! But everyone is wonderful!!
5	From start to finish, EXCELLENT experience!Dr. Song & the rest of the Premier Dental staff were more than kind, knowledgeable & efficient. They were able to fit me in the day of my initial exam to have some work done. It was amazing; Dr. Song & his assistant were fast & I didn't feel a thing!! BEST dentist I have ever been to. His positive energy was absolutely contagious throughout the office. Round of applause for everyone at Premier Dental!
1	I don't see from where all the love is coming in the other reviews? I tried them because of the good reviews. I got a 9AM appt. I arrived at 8:45AM, and by 9:45 I figured I no longer had time to get to my child's school and told the receptionist I needed to leave. All of the sudden they were ready for me, but she was not a dentist, just an assistant and didn't know what a "Cusp of Carabelli" was (my issue for being there). I found it on the internet in five minutes the night before. The hygienist at the place I did end up going to, knew exactly what it was?! Not impressed with their knowledge or respect for their customer's time. I took my stack of papers they made me fill out, and left!Also, their front room is kind of ratty. The chairs actually wobble when you touch the top of them. One day someone will break their neck on one of those chairs, and they probable won't know what to do about that either...
