5	We love Chick Fil A. It recently opened in Casa Grande, AZ. The place is spotless, the food is consistently good - like all Chick Fil As. Lots of attention to quality here, and the employees are super! Give it a try when traveling along I-10 between Tucson and Phoenix. It's just off the freeway at the Florence exit.
5	This location is not only clean and convenient, but the food is amazing.  Chick Fil A absolutely knows how to do it right and this location proves that it still continues!
5	Every other fast-food place should take customer service lessons from Chick Fil A.  The staff is always quick,cheerful, polite,and friendly, and they keep everything spotless.  The food is fine, but it is the attention to details that keeps us coming back.  We plan our shopping trips to Casa Grande so that we can have a meal at Chick Fil A!
5	Chic-fi-A is what all fast food restaurants should aspire to.  The food is hot, good, and plentiful.  The staff is courteous and most helpful.  But the most important quality is that the place is so CLEAN!!!
5	Great food, service & prices!
5	What else can I say about this place other than I love it.  It is clean, the people are exceptionally friendly, provide excellent service and make a great chicken sandwich.  I even love the music they play in the place!  Here is the real kicker for me; they have diet lemonade.  I'm not sure how many people notice or look into this kind of thing but most "lemonades" served in restaurants are loaded with more sugar than soda's!!! Needless to say I really appreciate the sugar free lemonade and it tastes great!
5	My second time at Chick Fil A and it was just as good as I remember it. The place looked pretty nice from the outside since i just got a spicy chicken sandwich meal via drive thru. The girl working the drive thru was super friendly. All I can say is: More places need to start making waffle fries!
5	Love Chick-Fil-A.  Place is great food, even though portions are smaller than normal.  there is actual quality in the food.  I've eaten at many Chick-Fil-A and found a similar high standard in their service and preparation of food.  Above average fast food.
5	This Chick-fil-A is in Casa Grande, Exit 194. Typical of all Chick-fil-A's, this one is clean, gives great service with a smile, and has great food.Nice halfway stopping point for lunch or supper between Tucson and Phoenix.Everyone else has talked about their great chicken, fries, lemonade...and how about those peach shakes? Yum!
5	Ordered a coffee and a chik fil a chicken biscuit and it was pretty tasty. Coffee was good too. Can choose different creamer French vanilla, hazelnut, or regular half and half. You stir it in your self though. Everyone there is really polite! They say my pleasure instead of you're welcome, and all with smiles! If you have one of days where people are just mean, come here and know there are nice people in the world lol
5	This place is top notch when it comes to cleaning and customer service. They bring the food out to you and the food is great.
2	I don't really see how this place has a near perfect rating on here. Every time I go in, without fail, my order is messed up. If I ask for no ice, I get ice. If I ask for pickles on the side, I get pickles on the sandwich. The sauces I ask for are never given to me. It is ridiculous.As for the actual food, it consists of small portions and a high price tag. The chicken is good quality but I guarantee that if you are a guy over the age of 12 you will probably leave hungry and with a lighter wallet. It's a shame too because the people that work here are very polite and sweet. They just need to learn how to take an order correctly.
5	Truly excellent. Lovely staff, attentive and discreet. Imaginative food beautifully presented. Unlike many restaurants at this level they are welcoming and not haughty/smug. Four of us had a wonderful evening and really enjoyed the restaurant on every level, in terms of the tasteful space, the welcome,the rooms, the organization in terms of getting you seated easily and politely; and, during the meal, the waiters and sommelier, never left us lacking. The orchestration of the meal was at times like a ballet! What can one say--it was superb.
