4	I can't say that I have ever stayed here overnight, but I have been here for several conferences for work and the catering was very yummy. There is a nice foyer/dining room with a nice, relaxing patio where you can choose to eat breakfast or lunch. Other conference-goer's who stayed overnight had no complaints about the rooms or accommodations.
5	AWESOME!!! Stayed here for two weeks. I was well catered too and so were my children. From check-in, reception, to get settled in, through our duration and stay, until check out. Complimentary breakfast is fairly decent. Thank you for the wonderful experience!
3	3 1/2 starsI am disappointed that they didn't offer free continental breakfast and that, as a Hilton rewards member, I didn't get a copy of the newspaper. Ah, just occurred to me that I believe they give the wsj which doesnt have a Sunday edition and I was only there one day. Additionaly, the bed matress felt mushy/too soft.The positives:-Clean bedroom-Quiet-Ample Parking-Courteous staff-Easy to find/near freeway-Reasonable price
4	Relaxation. Finally!!!!I informed the staff that I was traveling in an 18 Wheeler and that I needed some "Me Time" and that starts with a great room and bathroom. I am happy to say that our one night stay was just what I needed. The bed was so comfortable that I didn't even get out of it to get food. Luckily my BF was kind enough to grab us some food and I just stayed in bed watching TV.Thanks for the comfort Hilton!!!!
4	Stayed here for 3 nights end of November, beginning of December, attending a friend's son's bar mitzvah. Excellent accommodations, great value (approx $120/night). Good location, at least for things we did while in town. Cozy bar, with decent view (although it was overcast and rainy so likely better in clear weather). Decent happy hour food choices, reasonably priced drinks. Very friendly, efficient front desk personnel, and in small coffee bar nice staff too. Small, but comfortable lobby. I thought the room was had a great feel, and nicely done / re-done bathroom. Appeared that car park was run very efficiently too. I'd certainly stay here again.
