5	Dave came highly recommended to me by a knowledgable, trusted friend.  I had been nursing a poorly running car for several months but was finally forced to get it repaired in order to pass emissions.  He went through the auto with a fine-toothed comb so that he could give me an accurate estimate on what it needed right away as well as what it could get away with for the time being.  He explained every test he ran on the car and what it was for, so I felt very comfortable about his suggestions to get it up and running - because of the extensive diagnostic tests he ran on the car, I was confident that there would be no surprises.  No trial and error repairs with Dave!  His estimate was spot on, and the car was ready the next day.  It's like a new car again!  I hope Advanced Autoworks stays in the Valley for a LONG time.  They have earned my business and I will be recommending them to everyone I know.  I can't imagine going anywhere else.
5	A buddy had been recommending this place for a while and after getting a ridiculous diagnosis and quote from Airpark Jeep, I called Dave to get his thoughts.  He is an extremely knowledgeable, down to earth and a genuinely nice guy.  He went over all the things that the dealership told me I needed and broke them down into things I needed to do, things I should think about doing, and things that were completely unnecessary.  His prices were half of what the dealership would have charged and I have so much more confidence in the repairs as well.In a world where it is hard to find someone that is not out to get you for as much as they can, it is refreshing to deal with an honest company that is really looking out for your best interests.  I can't recommend Dave and Advanced Autoworks enough.
5	Dave is hands down the most honest and hard working mechanic/shop owner you can find.  Always straightforward and always finishes in a timely manner. Have been taking my vehicles here for years and would never go that elsewhere.
5	I have been going to Advanced for years and Dave has been great to work with. I like that he gives you the options to use factory parts or to use aftermarket based on your budget. Plus the work has already been completed on time and for what was quoted. I would highly recommend Advanced for any car repairs you need.
