3	I liked the service here. The waiter was super friendly, kept refilling my sweet tea and asked how I was doing.  The food was ok, the pork ribs were just moist enough to be satisfying.  Loved the sweet potatoes! with butter and sugar.  The slaw was above average and for $10 I'd come back :)
3	After the smoke dissipates and that amazingly drool inducing smell is gone, all that's left over is semi moist, somewhat bland, smokeless pork. What happened to that wonderful smokey aroma upon entering the building? That same smokey smell that I was afraid to have linger on me and have hungry women chasing me up and down the office halls begging for a bite of my Q? Is my deodorant working that well? Is this the same Hillbillys I remembered? I think Dave was right. It really does smell smokier than it tastes. Mac and cheese isn't worth mentioning, so I dunno why I'm even mentioning it. Ribs are still good though and while the pork was a disappointment, the $3.39 price tag for a small sandwich sure as hell wasn't! A lil' sauce makes everything better. I still like you my Hillbilly friend.
4	GREAT BBQ, wonderful "sides" and the staff was super friendly!
4	Great BBQ, reasonable prices and friendly staff. My husband and I have been here twice for lunch now, and are definitely fans. I've tried the barbequed ribs, beef, pork and chicken- and all were great. Plus their house sauce is excellent- not too sweet or tomatoey, not too sour- just how I like it.They have daily specials on a marker board up front, and cheap lunch specials on a sheet in the menu. Even the soups are decent. Service is quick, though I've noticed they do cut some corners during lunch while they're busy- like bringing you a second drink ahead of time.In all I'm pretty happy with this place, and it's the best cheap barbeque I've found so far in Charlotte.
4	Thus far: Lunch once and takeout once...Buddy of mine at work suggested we go here for lunch, so we agreed.  Good wood smell inside hints at BBQ done right.  We got seated quickly and our server brought out (free!) some hushpuppies with some sauce.  I like bread and I like having it brought out without asking.  The lunch portions were good and with the specials the value was very much there.  Service was prompt and friendly.The takeout was similar, and because I have 4 kids, I had to order a lot of food, and the cashier was very helpful in helping me pick a takeout option that got me what I needed for a good price.  Part of that special included a gallon of sweet tea, that I watched her fill up from the stuff that was fresh brewed.
2	I've been here a few times and have gotten burger and fries. Today I asked for a grilled chicken sandwhich with baked potato and baked beans. Paid close to $12 for it. When I looked in the menu while I was waiting, I noticed they have a combo plate with your choice of potato and hush puppies for 6.99. Wish I was told there is an option to order a combo rather than being charged for each item seperately. Received my order, when I got to my desk at work I noticed after a few bites it was quite chewy. The chicken was very undercooked. I called in for a replacement. They were nice over the phone and said it would be 10 minutes. Quite dissapointing! I know they are capable of doing better. It sucks having to make 2 trips and the rest of my food had to sit and get cold on my desk. They could have stepped up and said have a courtesy coupon or free soda or anything.
3	Eat in or take out, can't go wrong. Ribs vs. Q is an epic gastronomic battle for the ages. Be Switzerland and get both. Great hush puppies, green beans and potato salad.
1	Very disappointed. Hush puppies were overcooked and at room temp. Chopped bbq had bone chips. Ribs were tough. Steak was undercooked. Slaw was bland. Chili and sweet tea were only positives of meals (tried place twice).  Service was good.
2	Not up to par, took a family of 10 or so waitresses was new, food was less than good. Save your money
