5	This is Americanized Chinese all the way but ohmigosh is done right and done delightfully.Sam-Pan has been a staple of old downtown Henderson for as long as I can remember.  I grew up on this stuff.  It used to be in a pretty ratty old strip 'mall,' but in recent years its been cleaned up.  The food, however, has always been great.Unlike other Chinese places, everything here is made fresh and you can taste it.  The sauces aren't thick with glutens (hooray!) and fired dishes are crispy, not greasy.  They offer an array of vegetarian items and the staff is always attentive and helpful.This is one of my grandfather's favorite places to dine.  He loves Chinese food and has traveled the US extensively and this little place on Water and Pacific remains his forever favourite.
3	They won me over, when I walked in, with the classic red place mats that explain the Chinese zodiac. I fully understand they have to cater to an all American clientele, so you're not going to be seated at a table with total strangers and they aren't going to bring you a whole fish and scoop the brain out for you to eat.Coming off 12 years in New York City I'm very biased when it comes to Chinese food. Sam-Pan is pretty good though; it is totally Americanized (didn't even give me chop sticks) but the fried rice is not very heavy, the wonton was great and my shrimp kung pao pretty good. The hot sour soup was almost thick as gravy, sadly, but nothing a couple ice cubes couldn't fix.The lunch menu is cheap: two lists of dishes for either $4.95 or $5.95. I'll be back again.Update: my friend Nicole writes to me on Facebook:''Jeez, is everyone in NYC like that? Like, "Even though I'm a sophisticated New Yorker who eats fish brains every weekend, I deigned to eat at this little Chinese restaurant which caters to ignorant Americans."''Well, I should think not being seated with strangers and served fish brains would be a *good* thing even to New Yorkers! I meant no snobbery, really. I liked the place!
4	Pros:TasteFreshnessServiceCleanlinessCons:The place was empty. Did I miss something?Overall, the food was great. Probably the best shrimp fried rice that I have had. They also give free cho mein noodles and sweet and sour sauce to snack on ehile your order is being prepared. Business was slow, we were the only ones in the restaraunt for the hour that we were there. Most likely do to location and we were there on a Sunday night. I will eat at this gem in the rough again!
