4	Great atmosphere. Awesome bartenders. When they feel like it occasionally good electronic club dance music. Please note apparently no ski hats are allowed inside...FAIL.Smoking is permitted so do it up.
4	I love electronic music pretty much so I like to come here and just dance.  I'm planning on having my birthday bash here, their table minimum is only 50$ and you don't have a get a bottle if you don't want to.  And their drinks are reasonably priced.  Its as a club should be with high ceilings, I like how the bar, table sections and dance floor is set up.  It is connected to club zoo which is 18 and over i believe.  I came here for Steve Aoki for my first time and had an amazing time both in Static and at Club zoo.  If you're a fan of electronic music I would definitely come here on a weekend night.
3	For what it offers - all-electronic - Static does a pretty good job. The dance floor is kinda small, with seemingly more room devoted to standing and drinking. High ceilings, low lights, decent prices on drinks. A plus is that even when the place is busy, it's easy to get drinks pretty quickly.I came here for New Years as well and they did a decent job.
5	Personally, I am not the biggest fan of clubs that completely focus on electro/house music. I prefer clubs that have a mix: starting off with old-school hip-hop, leading into top 40, and then finishing off with electro/house music. HOWEVER, with what the description of the club states, "Pittsburgh's First ELECTRONIC MUSIC focused nightclub," Static is amazing. DJ Strobe is extremely good at keeping the crowd entertained and is one of the best DJs I've seen for electro/house music. I go to Carnegie Melon University and the school got him to come and DJ one night during our annual Spring Carnival. Everyone who has gone to Static knows who he is and was extremely excited. The fact that there is not minimum on bottle service for VIP tables is a godsend and allows people to enjoy VIP service without breaking the bank, unlike other clubs. I do wish that the waitresses could be a little classier. Personally, I am not a fan of waitresses dressing up in costumes unless it is Halloween. Other than that issue, if you are into house music, then Static is the place to be.
2	Electronic music is key for any club and Static delivers. I was here for NYE 2012/3, however a few things are a miss. I never got the glow sticks... Size, drinks, and variety are a few things this place needs to focus on. I tried to order a long island iced tea, a zombie, and a mojito, the bartenders couldn't make it and I was left with a simple jack n coke. A bit of a disappointment when you are paying $5-7 for a drink... The rest of the night was just crowded and no place to dance. It doesn't have the space to support the volume on a crowded night. I guess that speaks for the crowd it brings in which is a non dancing crowd. A lot of people just stand and occupy the dance floor while they get pissed at the dancers pushing them aside. Smoking is aloud here which adds to some of the 'flavor' however depending on how many people are smoking it can get congested. They do provide coat check at an extra cost during the winter months of $1 which to me is inconvenient. It should be free just for coming to the club during the snow. The music was good, I just feel like its not the scene Pittsburgh really appreciates. The club did bring the new year, however it was a surprise. There was no count down, and they simply yelled happy new year. That threw me off and left a bad taste in my throat. It was rather non traditional for a NYE party.. meh. I don't think i will return to this place any time soon.
4	Great club and music. The prices for drinks wasn't too bad and place was clean. It was very smoky and only had to wash my hair a few times to get the smell out.  The only downside to this club is the small dance floor.  Its manageable if you love to dance and can dance anywhere but what felt that was most frustrating was the amount of unattractive men just standing on the dance floor not moving.. Just taking up space not dancing --looking creepy..   and so annoying ...
4	I am a Static regular, and I like being there for the following reasons:- The only club in Pittsburgh that plays EDM- Cool vibe- Reasonably priced drinks- Excellent customer service, take real good care of their regulars (Chris is great!)- Spacious space, and nice dance floor- They try to organize different events and change it out from time to timeMy advice to the management:- Keep up the good work!- Make sure the table servers calculate bills accurately because mistakes have happened before!- Get more DJs to play, and ask Strobe to change the sets he plays every week because they get very repetitive!
1	The tequila shots were watered down. Rip off. Only 10 people there on a Friday night, and many seemed to be on X. Music was good, DJ good.
2	I will admit this place has major dance floor energy. If you like EDM I would recommend it. I don't care for the place because the crowd is a bunch of weirdo sausage....
2	music selection was entertaining but my ears got tired very quickly. Either the speaker systems could not handle the volume that the DJ was projecting, or the DJ put the Treble up too much. I was putting my fingers in my ears to block the noise. I looked across the bar, and I wasn't the only one.
5	In a world where electronic dance music is a part of every possible genre in the music scene, Static offers a sweet haven for those who thrive on it. It is probably the only club in Pittsburgh that caters solely to electronic music lovers setting it apart from the rest. From the spacious dance floors, amazing resident DJ, reasonably priced drinks, bar dancers & fire artist, this clubs hits the mark  on each & everyone of these must haves( not necessarily the bar dancers & fire artists... That's an added bonus!). A big plus is the crowd, consisting mainly of young professionals rather than the college going groupies commonly encountered at the South side club scenes...giving it a touch of sophistication that lacks in several other clubs/lounges. If you are into EAD... This is the place for you!!
4	I love Static. I just went there for my birthday last night. It is somewhat of a hit or miss place in the sense of crowd size. Fridays tend to be pretty dead, but on Saturdays, it fills up around midnight. I wouldn't arrive any earlier than 11:30 pm. Their drinks aren't super expensive. I love house music and this is the only club in Pittsburgh that plays it. The only bad thing is THEY ALLOW SMOKING, which I think is kind of sleazy for a club, but I'll keep coming.
1	Friday night. Completely empty.  I learned a lesson: check before i pay cover. I had a a group and we barely walked 5 feet in and turned around to politely asked for a return. They were completely dismissive. Bad business practice.They lost business from us.
3	Went here for my girlfriends birthday on a Friday night and got a table. Overall, everyone in my group had a great time - the music was good, the service was spectacular, prices were good. But, there were no people! This place could really use a few promoters. I will be back to check it out again.
1	DJ Strobe left his long time gig to help open Static, he built that place up big time over three years and then you replaced him in one of the most vile ways you could. Strobe was a guy who did everything for you, and stayed with you even after everything that happened to him. But obviously his talents will be better served elsewhere. You guys have hung yourselves, even though it may not seem like it just yet. Shame on you.
4	I had a great time at this place for New Years! The only complain I have is the long line in the bathroom and there was not a VIP entrance for people that bought VIP. But other than that, the environment was nice, music was great and staff were polite. Something that other places should learn!
