4	This is a great local fish store.  So much more knowledge than you'd get in a big box pet store. The folks who work here know what they are talking about - and if they do not know an answer to your question, they will find someone on staff who does.   Great selection of saltwater and freshwater stock and accessories.  I try to steer everyone I know who has or wants a fish tank to shop here.As for negative review about service, I will concede that sometimes it can get crazy on the weekends and it can be hard to get help quickly b/c so many customers and too few employees.  That said, I've learned to lurk near the employees I have dealt with before and catch them as they finish with others or go to the counter and ask for help.
5	I had bought all my saltwater equipment and fish from them and they were great! I am very impressed with them any time I had any questions or concerns they were very quick to help! Need Fish or equipment this is the place to go, and Thomas the manager is FANTASTIC!!!
5	This is a great local store for anything needed for an aquarium. They have a good selection of saltwater fish and coral and are will to special order fish if they don't have it in stock. I have also used the maintanence dept and they are prompt and very clean while in our home
4	I came here during one afternoon for a specific problem. My father's fish was dying in his pond!! So, we stopped by here because we needed a solution fast.Coming in here, it was huge. All your fish needs can be taken care of here. I feel like fish can get a little pricey, but I think it's one of those animals that are a lot cheaper than other ones. Service was awesome. A rep came and asked us what we needed and explained everything we needed to know. I tried to explain the symptoms and what needed to get done and he pointed us in the right direction of what needed to be put in and whatnot.Overall, we got our supplies and treatment and got out. Nice and easy.
4	Life is funny and ironic sometimes. When I was a wee teen ravaging the streets of Southern California, I always had this notion old people were odd and boring. They had weird hobbies like radio controlled planes and had very different perspectives on life.16 years later and here I am, an adult male who has kinda matured and now perusing different hobbies and interests. Different things like home aquariums. I mean, WTH, Fish? How can boring ole fish be so gratifying?  I turned into the dudes I used to make fun of.Oh well. So hello Fintastic, Charlotte's premier aquatic HQ. They stock supplies for all environments: Ponds, salt, fresh, brackish.Lots of fish. Saltwater, freshwater, skrimps, snails, frogs. They have it all. They even have a shark you can feed on Sundays and I even saw an Alligator Gar in the pond for sale!
3	While I think the fish choices are excellent... the dry goods are very overpriced... and the staff has major issues with getting dry goods orders correct and to the customer in a timely manner- if at all. I ordered a 75 gallon tank 3 weeks ago, and they have not managed to get it in, and the order was not even placed under my account- thus no fish tank for me- when I needed it- NOT COOL and not acceptible! I got a large can of Matrix at Nemo's for 19$ and found the same product at Fintastic for at leat 40$!!! I will say that the dry goods they have in stock are top brands however, and worth the money- and livestock selection is excellent. I have friends that have said that they can get cheaper fish on line but on average- when you add shipping into it, the price evens out the same. I also get to choose my fish and talk to Keith and Thomas about the health and how they are doing- and those guys know their stuff where fish is concerned. They also are careful not to sell fish to you they think are unhealthy. I like the honesty here- most stores will just sell you junk and not tell you. Buy the same token.. their staff has more knowledge than ANY other store in Charlotte on the whole. Just don't place any special dry goods orders with them any time soon until if and when they get their act together.
3	Update: after losing some key employees the fresh water section seems to have lost it's sheen.  Tanks are not as well kept as before.  Disappointing now. Great place for aquaria! Prices are higher than your chain stores - but you get knowledgeable people (most of the time).Love finding the hard-to-find fish here (I'm a fresh-water guy).  We go here every week to see if there's anything we just have to have. Pack some patience though - wait time to talk to someone to get a fish or help with something isn't speedy.
1	Rude/arrogant staff: John (Johnny)Should be helpful of new comers that are just learning to admire this beautiful past time. Instead abrupt, arrogant personalities are abound in this overly priced location!
4	I wanted to write an updated review since my prior one was less than favorable.  I received a message from the owner of Fintastic extending their apologies and to let me know that the situation that I spoke of had been addressed and corrected.  I am assuming that they had several similar complaints.  The owner was extremely polite and very professional.  Although I have not revisited the store due to my prior experience, I do believe that if we are ever in that area, we will stop in to see how things go.  I am giving them a 4 star rating because of the concern from their owner and the effort to address the problem.  I was extremely impressed with how professional he was.  (A lesser person could have been belligerent toward me.)  Thanks Fintastic for reaching out to me!  I look forward to revisiting your store and enjoying it this time around.
1	This used to be my go to place for fish. Yes, they are a little pricey but they used to have super knowledgable staff. Not anymore. The last couple times I've been in I have been extremely disappointed with the staffs lack of ability to answer the "more advanced" questions I had. Also, the selection of fish isn't what it used to be. Fintastic used to have unique fish, now they have similar selection to everywhere else. I guess the unique fish went away the same time as the knowledgeable staff.  I also met their manager Larry. What an egotistical prick!  He was rude and demeaning, and appeared to have very little fish knowledge.  I don't know what the owners were thinking when they hired that guy!  I was on the fence about continuing to do business there but once I met the manager and saw his interactions with other customers, I was done.
4	Have not bought from here as I don't currently own a tank, but stopped in today during their anniversary day and I have to say they have the most variety I've ever seen at one store. It really made me want a tank again!  If I ever decide to start one up this would be the place to go!
1	we had Fintastic for over 7 years to service our reef tank. at first we were very happy with the service even we had to survive several major floods due to poorly trained technicians for the last three or four years there was constant change of technicians. The good ones were leaving since they were not very happy in their workplace and the new ones had very little knowledge about anything except for cleaning the aquarium glass . For most of our questions their response was that we need to call someone at the store who knows all of that. From time to time the manager came to set lights or controller. Even we had several technicians who caused major flooding in our house but it was the latest new technician and the response from the company which caused us to fire Fintastic. in a couple of months he was servicing the aquarium we had several broken pieces of equipment and several small floods until he "repaired" the last leak and lefy without checking anything. We had water poring for all day long which shortened our AC and flooded our basement . On our frantic calls to Fintastic all we could get was just that they were aware of the situation and since they didn't have anybody to come and check on things right now somebody would be coming in 5 hours. After 4 hours of waiting owner of the company called and said that nobody was going to come since their company wasn't equipped to deal with all this mess. He offered us a phone number for another company to take care of the mess and told us that somebody would swing by to take a look tomorrow or before the weekend. on our question if he talked to the technician to find our what happened he just told us that he couldn't reach him since the technician worked as a landscaping guy and took care of our aquarium in his free time. At this point we were speechless. If we wanted to have a landscaping guy to take care of our aquarium we would have but Fintastic advertised itself as top notch knowledgeable maintenance company. After clean up and replacement costs us around $6000.00 fintastic declined to pay for any of that saying that their insurance just took I big hit from the job they did earlier so they couldn't afford to deal with us. Please anybody who has Fintastic now to service their aquariums be aware that their technicians are not properly trained often they are just amateurs who like to tinkle with their own aquariums which is not bad but in most cases they don't know more than their own aquarium and have no clue ho`1w to maintain more complex equipment. Also since the company is growing so much they feel that they do not have to take care of their customers and can afford to loose some of them. So when something happens you will be on your own to clean up the mess.
5	Great place!!!  Awesome selection and the staff is very knowledgeable
1	It amazes me that this store is still in business. I have been keeping saltwater fish and corals for 19 years and have never seen prices this high. I spoke with the owner Greg Sauers and it became crystal clear that he is out for your money. Also after speaking with an employee I was informed that the fish are not quarantined like they say and they lose a lot of fish to ick. Beware the positive reviews on Yelp and other sites as employees are also asked to give good reviews to boost up the stars. Fintastic is selling inferior livestock at a premium price. Greg told me the dry goods are so expensive because the Internet is his biggest competitor and after shipping his products will be cheaper. This is a flat out lie. He might have been able to get these prices when there was no competition in Charlotte, but that has changed. I hope this helps some people protect their tanks from crashing due to disease or poor information. STAY AWAY FROM FINTASTIC!!!
1	It amazes me that this store is still in business. I have been keeping saltwater fish and corals for 19 years and have never seen prices this high. When I walked the aisles I can see very distressed and diseased livestock. Fintastic is selling inferior livestock at a premium price. This place might have been able to get these prices when there was no competition for saltwater fish and equipment in Charlotte, but that has changed. Make sure to look up other fish stores before shopping here. I hope this helps some people protect their tanks from crashing due to disease or poor information. STAY AWAY FROM FINTASTIC!!
