5	Wonderful staff in a state of the art office. They were able to see us for a major procedure the same day we came in. Top notch.
5	While on a business trip last week, my lower molar started aching uncontrollably with sharp pain. After calling my regular dentist, he recommended seeing an Endodontist immediately informing me I had a dying nerve and the pain would only increase.After looking here on Yelp, I called Red Mountain, and to my surprise, they were able to see me WITHIN THE HOUR!Their office decor was extremely professional and looked like something right out of Architecture Digest. After being greeted and welcomed, rather than the employee handing me a clipboard with pages to full out, I was lead to a private room with touchscreen computers and I experienced my first ALL DIGITAL paperwork, including digital signature! I wish EVERY place had this!Dr. Frost and the technician Ashley carefully explained in simple terms everything that was going on with my dying nerve and the root canal procedure they were about to perform.After a little anesthetic and about 90 minutes of Dr. Frost's careful dentistry, I was on my way with no more pain!RECOMMENDED!
5	I just returned from having a dreaded root canal with Dr. Hamberlin who I just met for the very first time, and I am pleased to report my entire experience from the time the appointment was made to walking out the door following my procedure was nothing short of being the most outstanding dental appointment I've ever had!  Friendly, efficient staff - but it was the doc himself who stole the show!  What a nice, down to earth guy - who exemplified perfection and outstanding skill throughout the entire procedure.  The kind of doctor you'd like to clone 1 million times over!  Hard to believe - but he makes going to the dentist a pleasure!!Highly, highly recommend!!!
5	Great place!
5	Dr. Hamberlin and his staff are awesome.  I had to have my first root canal today and I was having a lot of anxiety about it.  I have always heard the horror stories about root canals and I have to say my experience was painless... he is amazing!  In my experience, most dentists will come in, look at the x-ray, roll up their sleeves and get to work with very little explanation.  Dr. Hamberlin is quite the opposite.  He sat with me and explained exactly what he needed to do, including drawing on my x-ray to illustrate the specifics of the procedure.  He put me totally at ease.  Once he started the procedure other than some minor expected twinges it was easy. As he put it "like having a cavity filled". During the procedure he continues to explain different steps he is taking and lets you know how much time is remaining.If I ever need any other oral surgery in the future he is the only doctor I will see.  I highly recommend him.
5	I was really impressed with this place! My husband received a referral for a root canal, and I trusted the yelp reviews when trying to find a specialist - THEY WERE SPOT ON!  Red Mountain was able to get my husabnd in quickly, and when he arrived for is appointment, he was very impressed with his entire experience. The front office staff were professional and friendly, the office was modern with the latest technology, and Dr. Hamberlin did an amazing job. The practice let us know upfront what our costs would be, so there were no surprises. We were even looking for a new dentist and they gave us a great referral. We would highly recommend Red Mountain for your endodontic needs!
5	Saw Dr. Richardson on 8/23/13 - I was experiencing some sensitivity in the tooth he did a root canal on two months ago, and was concerned that there might be a problem.  The staff was able to get me in right away, and although Dr. Richardson was very busy, he took the time to COMPLETELY evaluate my situation, and reassure me that everything was fine.I cannot say enough about this business, and about Dr. Richardson.  I have seen both offices, and everything is TOP NOTCH in my book.  They deserve SIX stars, but yelp only allows five, so that is what they get!5/5 - 100% satisfaction - HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!!
5	I wish I could give bonus stars to Dr. Steven Frost at Red Mtn. Endodontics. He has performed 2 of my 4 root canals. Both times have been virtually painless. The process is never 100% comfortable, but Dr. Frost does a great job with pain control and keeping me updated throughout the process. His staff is caring and professional. I give this business the full 5 stars and will recommend them to anyone who needs a root canal.
5	Dr. Frost and the entire team at Red Mountain Root Canals are amazing. I have had several root canals over the last 10 years, all performed by Dr. Frost. Pain free, efficient and incredibly nice people. They even saved me from a tooth needing a root canal by determining it wasn't the tooth, but a sinus infection. I have referred countless friends and even my parents to Red Mountain Root Canals. You don't go to a foot doctor for open heart surgery, why would you go to a regular dentist for this highly specialized procedure? Next time your dentist says you need a root canal, tell them you have an endodontist for that and call Red Mountain, you won't regret it!
5	I went to see Dr Richardson URGENTLY a few weeks ago.  They had me in after my phone call within 30 minutes.  I had severe pain in my lower jaw, a xray was done and it was determined I had an Abcess.  Dr Richardson was trying to explain to me what was going on but because of the Pain in my head, I couldnt think.   He fixed that very quickly with 2 shots of Novacain.  Now I could think about what he was telling me.  So we made an appointment for the following week as I was already taking antibiotics, and we would get this taken care of.  Over night the Pain was so bad, that I called the next day and Dr Richardson called another perscription straight away, and told me to call ANYTIME over the weekend.  That was some great reassurance that there was someone to call.  He explained everything, made sure I was numb before the procedure was started.  I am never a great lover of going to the Dentist, but I am so glad I went to see him.  I have to have some other work done and I will be going back to him for sure.  Everyone there is great also.
