3	I've always had a love/hate relationship with Kabob-G Grill, a local Lebanese restaurant a block away from my house. I've had their food about 4 times before today and it's either been really good or horrible. In once instance it almost killed me. I choked on a chewy piece of lamb and honestly thought I was a goner. Even after that traumatic experience I decided to give them another chance. Mainly because I wanted a gyro and I was already next door at my friend's tattoo shop.The Gyro:Luckily for me this gyro fell into the "really good" category. It wasn't your normal every day gyro in the slightest. The homemade pita was really thin compared to most gyros, and about twice the size. Instead of cutting the lamb into thin strips they chopped it into small chunks. The lamb was perfectly juicy and nicely seasoned. I got at least two pieces if not more in every bite that was taken. The sauce was also a lot lighter than most gyro sauce. It had a flavor that had a hint of mint in it. Also inside the gyro was lettuce, tomatoes, and perfectly sauteed onions. My only really complaint was that the lettuce could have been fresher.The Rating:Was it filling?: ExtremelyDid I feel gross afterwards?: Yes, it was maybe a little too fillingWould I eat it again?: Yes for sure.
4	Shawarma Platter was my ticket for lunch on my visit here. It was my first time and thought that this should be a pretty good representation of what this place has to offer. I came in here on a Wednesday around lunch time just because I never noticed it here. The Shawarma was delicous and plentiful I almost wish that they would offer a half order and cut the price in half as well. It was a lot of food in my opinion. The host was also very friendly and answered all of my questions. The decor is a little drab but I can easily see past that. I would recommend you go check it out and let me know what you think.
5	I really like this place. I usually get a mixed kabob platter with chicken and filet. The chicken is garlicky and delicious, plus super tender. The meal is served with rice and a side salad. and the salad dressing is super yummy and addictive. My mom loves the lamb shank, but  I have yet to try it.
4	Fun place and funny waitress, who is daughter of the owners.Good place for Mediterranean - Lebanese cuisine.  Started with the Mazza platter, really good Hummus, Baba Ghannouj, Tabboolee, Feta cheese, Calamata olives and more.  Lebanese salad was good, the house dressing made the salad.  The Shish Kabob came with lamb that was cooked perfectly and came with rich pilaf that was flavorfull.Noticed a few take out orders while we were dining.  This is a small place and they do take reservations.  A few couples coming in and they were told it would be one hour wait.  One couple came back...the other, not sure if they decided to come back or chose to go somewhere else.BYOB.
5	This is probably my favorite place in Pittsburgh.  I haven't gotten a single dish that I haven't enjoyed yet.  The Loobyeh is outstanding, so is the sleek, hummus, tabboolee, shish kabobs, and gyros.  And the grape leaves with sirloin are delicious.  My favorite dish is the Raw Kibbee which is only available on Saturdays.  At $13.00 a plate its the best deal on the planet.  I'd easily pay double for it. I love eating different cuisines, but if this was the only place on earth to eat I'd be more than okay with it.
4	Without a doubt, one of the most authentic Lebanese restaurants in Pittsburgh. Being of Lebanese decent, growing up in a household with my Situ (grandma) authentic Lebanese cuisine is what I love and look forward to if I have a choice! Some must haves are the Kibbeh Nayyeh (raw), stuffed grape and cabbage leaves, Luban (yogurt),  Loobheh (green beans with tomatoes). You can't go wrong with the lamb,  it's always cooked to perfection as are the other selections previously mentioned. Open on Sunday NOW!!
5	Favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. The family that owns it is so nice and the daughter that waits on my husband and I every time we are there is wonderful.  The raw kibbe is great and the soups are beyond amazing! We literally feel like we are family when we come to this place! We literally go so much that the waitress knows us and our order by heart.
4	I love Kabob-G. I've really never had anything that I've disliked there - the house dressing is delicious, love the Tabboolee, Falfel sandwich is great, I get the vegetarian grape leaves a lot and love them too!The waitress is funny and remembers who I am (and my boyfriend) and always knows what we want. I'm able to walk there but I can see that parking might be an issue for some people.
5	We just had a dinner there tonight, great meze platter, and chicken shawarma. We all left full & happy.
5	Best Lebanese food ever! Great place and entertaining waitress.  Love the food!!!! You much check it out.  Excellent hummus, baba, sleek and much much more.  Baklava is the best I  have ever had. Make a reservation though as its a small restaurant.   This cuisine will surely save you a trip to Lebanon. This experience is far more than a superb meal as the Lebanese family who owns this eatery exudes a warmth and inviting place to dine. Don't miss out on this gem of a restaurant.
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this establishment. My favorite place to eat. The food is out of this world and the service is top notch. We have had everything on the menu from Stuffed grape leaves (delicious), to chicken wrap sandwiches with pickles (MMM MMM), Shishtawook main entree (my absolute Favorite dish) to Dessert... rice pudding. All of the food is top quality, extremely flavorful and cooked to perfection! The chicken is so tender and juicy and it bursts with flavor. The owners and their staff are super friendly and remember repeat customers. They make you feel comfortable and welcome. Great atmosphere. Really go out of their way to make your dining experience special. Natasha is the best server ever!!! She remembers her guests, what they like and has a great rapport with her customers. We love the intimate atmosphere, enjoy the delicious food and appreciate the quality of service we receive on each visit. You will NOT be disappointed while dining here!
5	My wife & I went their today on a recommendation from a friend. Small little gem in our big city. Wow what GREAT food. The hummus was delicious, the salad was very tasteful,  gyro platter & stuffed grape leaves excellent.  Nice people also.   Will definitely be going back to try more fabulous food.  It's a small place so call ahead to check on sitting availability.
5	This place was quite good. My husband and I were running errands nearby and wanted to grab a quick tasty lunch. I found this place on yelp and it led us to a very delicious lunch. The smells coming out of the back of the place definitely lured us in. It's a small cozy place on the inside, nothing too fancy. But the service is fast and pleasant. I got the banaganoush and stuffed meat grape leaves and my husband got the meat shawarma platter. Our food came out pretty quickly, which was good since we were hungry. The stuffed grape leaves melted in my mouth- yum, so delicious!! If I'm passing through that area, I would definitely make another trip here for lunch.
4	This is one of our favorite spots to grab take-out when hanging out at home.The food is consistently good and the staff is always friendly and efficient on the phone and during pickup.There are two issues I have with Kabob-G.Recently they raised their prices. I except raises in prices as food costs rise but this was a solid several dollars on multiple meals. While Kabob-G is still affordable this was quite a shocker.The second issue I have is with their salad. For some reason the salad is always made with multiple chinks of ice burg. Like serious chunks that you would never want in a salad. if you look past the chunks and put in the sweat equity to tear them up yourself the salad is actually quite good for a side.
5	The food here is hands down delicious. If you're looking for something tasty to try, check out the spinach and feta pie. The baked kibbee is to die for, and the lamb sandwich is always on point. It's never over cooked or chewy. I typically order mine without the hummus but add a white garlic sauce to it. The babaghanoush is sooooo good. Pretty much anything on the menu here is wonderful and cooked perfectly and with passion. Don't skip out on the lentil soup either!
5	The food is amazing! We ordered grape leaves, baba ghannouj, gyro's, falafel, kibbee. The service was great and the food came out really fast. Will definitely be returning.
4	Set back on a side street in Castle Shannon sits this little gem. This is a true family Lebanese restaurant right from mom's kitchen (honestly, that's who makes the food). You can taste the love in every dish. The baba it's outrageous with a fantastic smoky flavor. The hummus is the best around. I personally love the sleek; a perfect balance of greens, bulgar, and spices that makes my mouth water just thinking about it. The salad is made by the dressing. I'm personally not a fan of iceberg lettuce but it makes the perfect vehicle to carry the house dressing...you'll want a gallon odd dressing to take home! I still crave the falafel that was made by an Israeli family restaurant in Philadelphia where I went to school. Kabob-G comes the closest to that that I found in Pittsburgh. The tahini sauce is a little on the light side butt still good.You have to try the moussaka; the best I've ever had. The kabobs are the bomb. The seasoning is perfect with just a little kick to get your mouth humming. My favorite is the lamb but the filet and chicken are also very good. You can't go wrong with any is them.Seriously, do yourself a favor and go find this little gem. It's all about the food!
4	The food here is delicious. I had a sampler appetizer and everything we very tasty. The lamb kabob sandwich was particularly good. Too many times places over cook the lamb and it ends up dry but my lamb was cooked perfectly. I would definitely come back and recommend this place to others. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that the interior could definitely use a renovation.
4	While Kabob G isn't much to look at and the decor is sort of diner like, the food is fantastic! The mezza appetizer with hummus and tabbouleh was delicious, served with pita and very flavorful. My husband had the lamb gyro and I had the spicy fish sandwich, both were delicious! Service was quick and friendly as well. I highly recommend and would eat here again!
5	Excellent food.Small restaurant.   Excellent food with good portions.  Love the filet kabobs dinner!Their hummus is extremely creamy and smooth.   Wonderful by itself or with the filet on top.  The lentils and rice dish is also delicious.  Their meat grape leaves are our favorite in Pittsburgh! This is a family owned business and the family takes care of you.  Wonderful service.   Don't forget the baklava! Delicious.It is easy for take-out too.  They are closed Mondays.
5	I returned to Kabob G today for takeout this time. My food was ready in 15 minutes. It was hot and just as good as when we ate at the restaurant. I give a 5/5 rating for the delicious and flavorful food which I will be enjoying again in the future! Especially the mezza platter which includes all my faves including tabbouleh, hummus and babaganoush! I maintain a 4/5 for the overall rating because of the decor. I highly recommend Kabob G if you like delicious authentic Lebanese cuisine!
4	Small and appears to be family owned. Fair prices with generally very good food and generous portions.The moussaka was a treat as were the hummus, baba, and sleek. This is BYOB.I did not, however, care for the house salad dressing. I was expecting an olive oil/lemon based dressing but this was creamy and didn't appeal to me. However, to be objective about it, mayo is one of only my few food dislikes so I am biased.All-in-all though this was very good and a nice change from Aladdin's.
4	Nothing fancy but my first choice for Mediterranean type food in the Pgh. area. Absolutely best I've eaten.
3	It's been a while since I have been in here, so this was a last minute drop in around lunch time on a weekday. I think that the food is decent but my dish I went with a simple kafta was just okay this time around. I thought that it could have easily had a lot more flavor and a lot less grease. I also think that I can get this type of food at a better value at other establishments throughout the city. I thought it was overpriced for what you get.
