4	This theater is so comfortable one could fall asleep easily. The chairs are spacious and softer than massage chairs, as soon as I touch the chairs, I immediately sink into the cushion and loses myself in it. The temperature is just right, cool enough to keep you awake but not freezing that I would have to bring double sweaters to cover myself during a 2 hour of passive inactivity. They have "morning" specials of $7 per movie ticket that lasts until 6 pm. Plenty of small resto-bars near by to grab a bite or two before a movie date. Oh, and they even sell the famous beaver tails for those with a sweet tooth.
2	I haven't been to my old haunt since I was a young adult and after this recent visit I remembered why I haven't been here in over a decade. Perhaps it's me being spoiled by Cineplex these past few years (Colossus) and looking at the economic Guzzo experience with chagrin.... needless to state, I felt I deserved better.We wanted to watch a movie near its end of theater life cycle that was only available in this theater. Walking in, I immediately remembered that I couldn't buy my tickets online and I had to wait behind a ridiculous long line as if I suddenly fell back in time. If it's Saturday night and 100 clients are waiting to get their tickets... why are only 2 ticket booths open? Why force your clients to wait 10-15 minutes for no good reason? Terrible client service and reeks of Guzzo being Guzzo.Once that tragedy was done, we walked in and had no issues ordering some tasty treats and making our way to our theater. Previous Yelpers praised their comfortable seats and I was somewhat surprised that my experience didn't match theirs. Perhaps it's the fact I was in one of their smaller theaters and they probably went to one of their bigger ones for more recent movies with a far better seating experience but all I can say is that the support on my bottom left and right of my seat made me constantly feel as if I was going to fall out on the side. The support wasn't just there and the "falling into your seat " feeling with a far too spongy seat just wasn't for me.Fortunately the movie played without issues and no one kicked my seat.All in all, I wouldn't come again, Cineplex is a far better experience and if I were to go to a Guzzo it would probably be the one at Marche Centrale.Guzzo needs to step up it's game, the whole movie experience feels cheap.
