4	For a fabulous, professional basketball experience, Charlotte Bobcats have you covered. Although I've only been to one game, I've had the pleasure of watching some super athletic players is a stunning arena that is TWC. If you haven't been to the arena, or a Bobcats game yet, you're missing out. There really isn't a bad seat in the house, parking is fairly stress free and direct, and the Bobcats staff runs fun promos of all sorts. Discounted ticket nights, social media challenges, special offers at the store, upgraded seats, etc. Especially within the past year or so they have really listened to the Charlotte fans and implemented some really great, interactive specials. The arena is super clean, easy to get around and HUGE, natch. Food and beverage options are a plenty and seats are pretty comfortable. If you're lucky enough to score some box seats you may enjoy some tasty buffet and super sweet service. Who doesn't like the VIP treatment? For groups and interests of all ages and sizes, catching a Bobcats game is a great option in Charlotte. I'm looking forward to heading out to more games this year. Go Bobcats!
4	I admit it, I'm a fan if the Bobcats. They're beginning to put a more entertaining product on floor every night and tickets are not too expensive. The arena is nice and there's really not a bad seat in the house. With the light rail dropping you off right outside the arena and the Epicentre across the street, there's no reason not to go see a couple games per year. Go Bobcats!
5	The Bobcats are an up and coming team. Although they haven't had a great season, they make up for it by entertaining their fans during the game. The announcer thoroughly enjoys calling out the players names, highlighting a great play. The video people seem to always find enthusiastic fans to promote...the dancing is contagious and sometimes a bit over-the-top (you know what I mean if you saw that little elementary kid dancing "the dirty.") The Lady Cats have definitely got their groove going on and make for quite a hot performance! To top it off, the Bobcats run special deals in their pro shop and have lots of sponsors willing to treat fans during the timeout breaks (e.g., boxers, t-shirts, pizza, Bojangle's). There is parking everywhere surrounding the arena. You can park for as cheap as $5...or like Todd W. said, the light rail makes a very convenient stop there too.Their social media department is fabulous! @BobcatsHannah and @Bobcats regularly interact with the fans throughout the week and game, making it even more of a personal experience. I've been to a few games and each seat is a great one, the prices are affordable, and if you splurge, you can get a suite. The suites are very comfortable and provide great views and a fun experience for you and your friends.Thanks, Bobcats for being such a fun team and treating your fans!
4	I have to admit that the Bobcats are a very far distant second team for me behind the Celtics. However, I have been to quite a few NBA arenas and the atmosphere the bobcats provide is truly phenomenal. With the Bobcats and Time Warner arena you truly get a full entertainment experience on top of the NBA entertainment. The bobcats always have great bands, dancers and other entertainment during breaks. Unfortunately the Bobcats have never had that one star player that makes you want to go see a game just to watch him but I think they are doing there best to get to that level. At this point and over the years their play has been very mediocre. Naturally a part of it is the fans fault. If more fans would attend the game then revenue would go up and the Bobcats would then not only be able to afford a marquee player but also attract them as well. I give the bobcats four stars but they are honestly at this point 3.5 stars. If you rate the organization overall three stars simply would not give them enough credit.
4	Went to my first NBA game last night, and it was great! The Bobcats were really fun to watch!  The beautiful arena, lively announcers, and of course the Bobcats themselves made for a very entertaining experience.  The pre game and halftime shows were really cool too.  The Lady Cats were full of moves! Easy parking was the icing on the cake! We parked right next door, a few turns and we were out of the post game traffic and back on the freeway headed out of town.  For a low hassle, fun filled night, the Bobcats are the stuff!
5	We had awesome box seats complete with some tasty snacks and beverages. While I don't claim to know much about Basketball ...(or anything really), I was able to still have a  great time. They had plenty of entertainment including a really awesome competitive teen cheer leading routine, children's choir,  and great jazz band. The venue itself is very nice- and we even got to see Michael Jordan!
4	Had an opportunity to be wined and dined (or beer and dined) by the Bobcats last night. I've been to a number of NBA arena's and while the team isn't doing so great, the arena really is top shelf.Great sight lines (especially when you are courtside!), excellent customer service all around, and incredibly handy from a location perspective. You can readily get tix right now and the Bobcats office staff offers a plethora of promotions and discounts to get the community involved. Overall I give this an overwhelming thumbs-up! If you haven't been to a Bobcats game, you owe it to yourself to check it out soon!
4	The Bobcats are not only a tenant in the arena, they are also a landlord of sorts, since they get to reap the financial benefits of keeping it busy (and the losses if they do not).  This means that while you can see basketball on many nights throughout the year, you also get concerts, ice hockey, monster trucks, wrestling and a variety of other shows in a pretty nice venue.  Kudos for that!Unfortunately, the team itself has not pace too well to this point.  It is certainly a good thing that Bob Johnson is out of the picture - though his name is still on the team itself - and hopefully Michael Jordan will do a better job in the future, but for now the direction is still up in the air (see how I did that?).You will also find nights where some of Charlotte's other 'elites', such as DeAngelo Williams, Jimmie Johnson, Steve Smith, Thomas Davis and even the Yelp crew show up to lend their support, and that is cool.  The arena/team staff is friendly, the facilities are excellent, and it is certainly good for a night out.  If the team can come together to post some wins, it will truly be a "can't miss" destination.
4	Was at the bobcats game last night and it was alot of fun.  The only thing i would have to say is that it felt like you were out of the game experience sitting in the suites.  The T-shirts didnt make it to us, the bojangles was only to a certain few, and it jsut felt isolated up there.  But other than that it was a really good time.
4	I've reviewed the arena and its secondary tenant, the Charlotte Checkers, but apparently not the Charlotte Bobcats.   The Bobcats staff make the experience entertaining, even if the game isn't.  I went to my first Bobcats game last year and have been to about 10 since.  While the team they currently have isn't faring well, it's still a fun night out, and can be inexpensive to boot too.  If you're still upset Charlotte's first major league franchise skipping town, fahgetabout it and come see the Bobcats.
4	Okay Okay,  I must confess, I wasn't rootin' for ya'll. I'm a Charlottean by way of SoCal boy so I support the Clip show (Lakers Suck!). You go Blake! Differences aside, I still support my city's team when the West Coast isn't in town. MJ has built a good squad and even without any "Lebron-esque" superstars, the Bobcats are usually in playoff contention. How can you be mad at that? Great arena, pimpin' suites and always a darn good time. Great, friendly, helpful staff, top notch facility, great people and entertaining basketball. "Gotta love it". Yelp is like the rich uncle I never had. Feeding me, buying me drinks providing court side experiences during training, renting out Suites at NBA games and even throwing in a little TV airtime. Hi Mom! Thanks Nicole, thanks Yelp and Go Cats!
4	The suite was sweet!  Thanks Yelp and bobcats.It was nice being able to walk in the executive entrance right beside the players I was about to see.  We were then guided down to the floor for pre-game casual warm-ups, somewhat entertaining, but not really my thing.Off to the suite we went.  A little far from the court in my opinion, but very clean, comfy seats, and great snacks and beer.  Cheese balls in the Chex mix, wowzers!  Definitely a great way to entertain 50-100 people.I hadn't been to a game in a while and was pleasantly surprised by the size of the turnout.  5 stars for time warner arena, 4 for the bobcats.  A little more excitement in the game and a few more wins, and you'll have another fan.
4	Definitely a must see!   The Charlotte Bobcats, though fairly new to the city have all the makings of a great experience or evening out.  Time Warner Cable Arena is also new and kept very clean - it's always a pleasure to watch a Bobcats game or any other event that the arena hosts.  Parking is.... always going to be parking, but I was a little skeptical when they started building the new arena downtown.  It really isn't that bad- I always like to play the "find the cheapest parking lot" game and it usually makes me walk a bit toward the arena, but we've all got to walk at some point.   Now they have some parking decks to help carry the load instead of all surface lots.Location, Location, Location!  With all that downtown has to offer, it does make sense that the arena is located in the heart of the action.  I do like the fact that I can drive in, grab dinner at a nice place and then go to the arena without hoping in and out of the car since everything is walking distance.  OR.. you can just grab dinner at the arena too.  There are tons of vendors - I think there is even a restaurant in the arena itself (I need to check up on that).Support your Bobcats!
3	It is a nice experience to go to a game, but the fans are a little cheer challenged.  But then again, many fair weather fans here.  Go ahead fans shout DE-FENSE.  It's ok.  Guess i'm used to MSG.
3	"LET'S GO CATS!" This is the cheer you hear reverbing around the TWC Arena when the Bobcats are pulling off yet another underdog win in the 4th quarter. The Bobcats seem to be one of those teams that manages to lose the games they should win easily, and win the games that nobody expects! I've been to see the Bobcats play the Lakers (3 times), the Celtics (once), the Mavericks (once), and the Knicks (my recent check-in). Most of those games we were not favored to win, but managed to pull it out anyway. Maybe I'm a lucky charm? Probably not. ;) Parking isn't really a problem unless you're expecting to park for free. The BB&T garage is super convenient to both the arena and a lot of Charlotte nightlife. They sell some liquor drinks at the arena (stands), but they are overpriced and kind of weak so I'd recommend getting a (still overpriced) beer if you are looking for a little buzz.One thing my husband and I always comment on is how terrible the Bobcats can be about getting the crowd involved. The cheerleaders do not lead the audience in cheering; they used to have a man-and-woman announcer-types team that did some commentary but they seem to have disappeared this year. (Probably not very popular because the woman in particular was kind of annoying.) The screens over the court are rarely used for anything fun other than occasional "dance parties" and "celebrity look-a-likes" (which, btw, the people NEVER look like the celebrities. Whomever is in charge of this needs to renew his/her subscription to US Weekly or something.. or better yet, Bobcats, are y'all hiring? I could blow this guy/girl out of the water!) Overall that is important because it means that unless the game is close in the 4th quarter, the audience plays almost no role in the game. I would say the Bobcats have virtually no home-court advantage, particularly when playing a team like the Knicks (when there are so many NY transplants down here)! Half the fans there are cheering for the other team! It is very quiet during the first half of the games. Much less vocal fans than even the Panthers and LEAPS AND BOUNDS below the decibal level of the RBC Center when the Hurricanes play!  The Bobcat cheerleaders, however, are the biggest disappointment to me. Consistently. They seem to be there purely for overly-tanned, hair-extensioned, fake-breasted decorations. There is one girl on the squad who can execute any tumbling maneuvers at all, judging by their routines, and their "dancing" looks like they pulled girls out of a local nightclub, or worse yet, topless bar. One year I went to a game and they were wearing one-piece orange-and-white outfits and thigh-high white platform boots, that LITERALLY looked like a cross between Julia Robert's outfit on the cover of Pretty Woman, and the Hooters uniform! Compared to NFL cheerleaders who are usually classically trained (whether their routines showcase it or not), they are a huge disappointment if you actually expect them to get the crowd hyped up. I suspect their real purpose is just to tittilate rich men at season ticketholder events, and make Jordan some money off merchandising through sales of their calendars, swimsuit videos, etc.Overall though I will be back to cheer for the team. Go Cats!
1	Went a year ago and had a great time, this time game was great we had tickets in the founders sections with the meal. Staff was new did really have their act together also rushed people out at the end of the night even with people backed up at the exits
3	The team is worst to watch in person. No high lights team mood doesn't make you feel like being into the game unless they are winning and this doesn't happen often.
4	I worked here as the Pastry Chef this season and I have to say the Arena is nice. Good parking around the facilities (with fair market pricing on event days) and the Transportation Center across the street you can't beat that. Now only if they can put out worthy entertainment other than the Checkers.
4	Lets go Bobcats!!!!I'm a true fan of the game, so I love now being able to say I have a sports team so close by!!!The Bobcats are very fun to watch and make for a very exciting night out. The few players I've met have been very nice and engaging. They really make sure to put their fans first, taking pictures with kids, signing tickets and autographs! I loved the half time show, and all the great selections for food and drinks!  If you want it, they have it here from hot dogs and pizza to donuts and coffee!Great Arena, Great Team, Great Time!
5	I'm giving 5 stars because I love Michael Jordan and Kemba Walker!!  Hopefully, you guys will start winning soon!  Happy 50th bday MJ!!  You're an inspiration 2 athletes everywhere!!!
3	Go team!Last game of the season, I finally managed to get to the Arena to support the team. And by "support", I mean shouting "miss it!" every time the other guys tried to make a shot. Or yelling "you suck!" which seemed to make me feel better but didn't actually cause the guy to miss.Even though it was the last game of the season and the playoffs were already decided (they didn't make it), the guys managed to show some good effort and surprisingly did not finish in last place in the entire NBA. Instead, they missed dead last by ONE win! Just barely a 25% win percentage. What's up with that? I'd have to give them two stars because "Meh. I've experienced better." And I say that as a Florida Dolphins fan (different sport, but that team is also a bit of a let down).But the third star is added for the lovely Lady Cats. Very... flexible and very... talented.I'm looking forward to next year. Maybe I won't wait until the end of the season to go to a game?
2	To quote ESPN... "c'mon man!"  How about putting a decent product on the floor.  And where is Michael Jordan?  Does he attend games?  The night we went they were playing the Celtics.  BTW, we are BIG Celtics fans.  It reminded me of seeing a Red Sox game in Camden Yards.  In other words, felt like a home game for Boston.As in most sporting arenas, the concessions are RIDICULOUSLY OVERPRICED.  Two sodas that you would pay $2 - $3 for at a fast food place cost $12.I also ordered a Jerk Chicken Sandwich.  Did it come straight from the refrigerator?  Cold cold cold.Back to the concessions, why do we... the Joe Q. Publics of the world put up with that?  Next time, I'm eating before and will visit the local water fountain for a drink!At the end of the game, I went to meet a fellow "Yelper" and we were chatting for no more than 2-3 minutes when an usher came along and said we needed to vacate.  Thanks for coming... now get the *&^%$( out!  Haha.  He was very pleasant about it.Well, no more Celtics visits until next season.  See you then.
3	I'm giving the Bobcats 3 stars because I don't love them, but yet I don't hate them.  Unless they are playing the Magic or the Heat...  I still don't hate them then...  I just don't want them to win.I was able to see the Bobcats play the Magic in the playoffs back in 2010 in Orlando and it was such a fun and wonderful experience.  Luckily, my team (the Magic) won and we beat them by a pretty decent margin.  The final score that night was 92 - 77.I did enjoy seeing the Bobcats play.  I love the NBA and I'm on a mission to be able to see every team play in person.  Hopefully I'll be able to accomplish that in my lifetime.  What was really super cool about this game is that Michael Jordan himself was there!  I was SO stoked about that!  I kept pointing and telling my husband throughout the entire game, "There's Michael Jordan!  There's Michael Jordan!"  I mean, I didn't get to meet him or anything as awesome as that, but we had great seats and I was able to see him the entire time.  I'm not sure if I did more basketball watching or Michael Jordan watching.  LOLEven though I'm not a fan, the Bobcats are a good team and I'm still very happy I was able to see them play in person!   =)
3	I'm not a big fan of the Bobcats, but I love the NBA, so it was cool getting to see them play!!  Keep in mind that I saw them waaaay back in 2010 when they played the Magic in the playoffs... As a Magic fan I must say I enjoyed the result of the game and the series immensely!! It was really cool to see Michael Jordan sitting on the sideline... I grew up watching him play on tv, but never got to see him play in person...I must say he didn't look too thrilled the entire game, but I can't really blame him, since the Bobcats were beaten so thoroughly the entire game.  If you're an NBA fan like me, I would highly suggest seeing the bobcats play at least once!
3	Charlotte finally has the Hornets back for the 2014/15 season! The name Hornets is important to Charlotte, like "Yankees" to New York, "Brewers" to Milwaukee and "Dodgers" to Los Angeles. Okay, not so much on that last one.You see, back during the days of the Revolutionary War, the English commander sent a letter back to London, referring to Charlotte as "a veritable hornet's nest of rebellion." And so the name belongs here.Anyway. The Time Warner Cable Arena is a nice, modern arena with the appropriate number of comfortable seats that have a good view of the court, plenty of sky boxes and lots of concessions that charge the usual arm and a leg.The name seems to have helped some. We're not in last place any more. Yay?As for the "Lady Cats" I referenced in my earlier review... they are now the "Honey Bees" and they're just as cheery now as they were then.
