5	We chose Blume as our wedding florist, after hearing highly of them. Kristen, whom we worked with, was great. She was very helpful, easy to work with, knowledgable, obviously experienced and had a ton of picture catelogs which displayed her works. We have nothing to complain about as all went well and as planned. As we walked into the courtyard and reception ballroom on our wedding day, we were so happy with the flower selections we had made. Kristen and her team did an amazing job of creating the center pieces and main fireplace display piece. We had numerous comments from our guests on how much they loved the flower pieces! We'd love to use Blume again, but...we don't plan on getting married again for awhile!
5	Kristen is extremely creative and helpful. She also has so many pictures to get ideas from which is really important. I sent her a few pictures of what I was looking for and she did an amazing job, even better then what I sent her for my centerpieces. Flowers are so important and I would recommend Blume Events to anyone!
5	Our wedding photographer recommended Kristen and she was wonderful. She does amazing work and we couldn't have been happier. She works with your budget and understands exactly what you're looking for. When she showed up the day of the wedding, she gave us extras of a lot of things, an extra centerpiece for our head table that we ended up having at the last minute, extra boutonnieres which came in handy (the heat does wonders to them), etc.Kristen is super sweet and responsive as well. Highly recommend her!
5	Blume Events was recommended to me from our wedding venue. I can't even begin to express how happy I was with my wedding flowers. From the bridesmaids bouquets, my bouquet, to the table centerpieces. They exceeded my expectations. From our first meeting Kristin was so helpful with choosing flowers that created my vision. We got so any compliments on the flowers. Highly recommend Blume Events.
3	First off the flower arrangements were absolutely beautiful!  They did arrive on time but although we were told they do one wedding a day, we were later told the reason that our bouquets and boutonnieres were just "dropped off, " were because a helper not the owner had dropped them off.  Usually Kristen is the one that helps put on the boutonnieres.  None of the groomsmen had them during the wedding, as we found them later.  We ran around after the wedding ceremony to put them on for pictures.  Also, we had verbally added on flowers for the cake as well as for the mothers at the ceremony, and we did not get them.  If you add on later, please remember to have it in writing.  The flowers that did get delivered at the reception were beautiful, although the hydrangeas for the pew ends at the church were a little wilted :( All in all they were very nice, and the reception flowers were FANTASTIC!  The reception table flowers were BEAUTIFUL!!!!! The church issue was the only reason I did not give a five star review.
