5	Well...I'm super excited to be the first to review because I freaking love my dentist. How many of you can say that? Super clean office, friendliest staff ever at the front desk, and dental hygienists are all nice and most cute. Not to mention Dr. Scott is one of the nicest people I have ever met. He's a good dentist too. About 5 years ago one of my front teeth got chipped when my dog decided to bash his head into my teeth. I've had perfect teeth my whole life, and when that happened I was a poor, uninsured student that couldn't afford cosmetic dental work. 5 years later, I get insurance and during my first check up he says what a shame it is to have that chip...so he fixes it! He said there was some insurance work around and it cost me $0.00. You would never even know that my tooth was once chipped. I love Dr. Scott and everyone else in this office, don't have a single complaint.
5	I love this dentist too.Everyone in the office is very pleasant.  The doctor does not hound you for payments, which is nice, as dental can be expensive as we all know.The office is nice and updated, very clean,If you are looking for a new dentist, go here.  Request STEVE as your hygenist.  He is the best but is only there on Thursdays.There is another rmale hygenist there, just take my advise and make sure you ask for STEVE.
5	I had a great experience here.  The staff is very friendly, and doesn't try to force you into having work done that you don't really need.  Highly recommended!
5	Talk about an amazing experience...First off the office is well decorated and clean...the staff pleasant and helpful...Rene the hygenist is caring and gentle.  Dr. Keith is really personable and excellent at what he does.  They don't do extra work that doesn't need to be done, they are very honest.  The office takes many kinds of insurance and they are great with kids too!
5	Everyone in the office is very friendly. No judgement either. They are really there to help you and your smile! I visited today (first time) and I was amazed. They look at your teeth and don't think about your past or scold you for not coming in sooner. They look at what theyre working with and plan for a bright (smile) future. They will work with you and your schedule too!
5	Dr. Keith's office called our house to remind me that my appointment was the following day. My girlfriend answered and told them "Oh don't worry, he'll be there.....he just loves to go to the dentist".I love going to Dr. Keith's office. They are gentle , thorough, caring and honest. They do excellent work.  Thanks Scott for taking care of me over the years.
