4	Came here for the VIP soft opening with a friend for breakfast.Service is fast, friendly, and courteous!When you first enter the buffet, there is a fountain drink station. 50 cents extra if you want a to-go cup. There are the standard sodas, fruit juices and teas, but also Jamaica & Horchata. We quickly went in to seat ourselves and the servers leave a cute name-card on your table so you could know who they are. Nice touch!There was a fresh fruit and salad bar, yogurt, cereal bowls and milk, a station where they prepare custom omelette, make your own waffles, and other standard breakfast foods: eggs, potatoes, hash browns, etc.I got 2 plates of food:Hash browns, scrambled eggs, bacon, quiche (very light & creamy), ranch potatoes, breakfast pizza (no tomato sauce, just scrambled eggs, bacon, & sausage; pretty good!), deviled eggs, french toast, and apple turn over.For pancakes (they have chocolate chip & blueberry too), waffles, french toast, w/e you can add strawberries, peaches, more berries, powdered sugar, cinnamon, syrup, etc. After this we had dessert! For the chocolate fountain there were skewers to pick your own chocolate dip foods. There were: macaroons, strawberries, truffles, rice krispies,  a heart cookie, marshmallows,etc. I also swiped a red velvet cake cupcake!! Before I left, I also took cotton-candy stick to-go; I felt like a kid again!There is also a to-go option. They give you a box & you can fill it as much as you want, & it's $4.59 a pound.Will definitely come back for lunch & try out the rest of the menu. Great for price & quality.
3	Came here on the soft opening. It wasn't too crowded. The food was good and there were many option to choose from. Only downside was that people took too long in line for the food. I recommend going here.
4	100 times better than hometown...went for breakfast today and left stuffed and happy...I will be coming for lunch...:)golden corral kicks ass...lol...and the table service is good...update...i think i just went here too many ...will not  here for a long time...its just nasty now...
5	Had lunch here with my cousins from LA.  Where do I start? There was a line outside the door but it wasn't too bad considering that it just opened yesterday. Didn't take that long to get in.  They were super efficient in getting you seated.  There were no lines in getting your food because there are so many stations. Some of the items they had were:  salad bar,  wok station, egg rolls, pasta, lasagna, steak sliders were delicious, enchiladas, quesadillas, popcorn shrimp, fish, hush puppies, fried chicken, meat loaf, lots of desserts including a chocolate fountain with strawberries for dipping. Too many other things to mention.  They have servers that come to your table bring you fresh drinks.  They have steak on their dinner menu. Don't know what else is different for dinner.  We really enjoyed our lunch and will be back. Oh, they also have ice cream and cotton candy.  It felt like a party in there.
4	I came here on its second day of business (April 21, 2012 - Saturday).  I arrived at 12:00 pm when there was a line all the way to the doors.  It only about 13 minutes for mi compadre and I to reach the cashier.  They had food from the South, Italian, Chinese, Mexican, a salad bar, and of course my favorite - DESSERTS!!!The service was great because the server had no problem bringing extra cup of a drink that we ordered.  The guy that was cleaning up the tables of empty plates was always seen doing his job by yours truly.  His name is Reynaldo.  We sat in a room (w/o doors) on the opposite side of the salad bar.  I rather sit close to the food and watch people filling up their tummies with yummies.I enjoyed eating the cookies and cream flavored ice cream.  They had a server to scoop up only 1 at a time of a ice cream of your choice.  I had two servings.  The two other choices were butterscotch and mint chocolate chip.  The salad bar had baby corn and tomatoes that didn't look appetizing.  However, their corn on the cob, strawberries, and peaches had vibrant colors.  The peaches probably came from cans.  The watermelons weren't vibrant, but that's expected since they are more pricey.I didn't tried the fried chicken.  I didn't care about eating the grilled food.  I ate one mini burger just to try it.  This is a  grand place to take your children to because they serve cotton candy, have a machine that was making chocolate for kids to place some on strawberries that were on sticks.  I didn't like everything that I ate, but I'm giving this restaurant 4 stars because of the low price.  The food overall is good.  Thus, I'm a fan.  You may not like everything they have.  There is a good chance that there will be something that you like.  The cost for one lunch buffet was $8.29.  Lunch is served 11 - 4.  Drinks cost $2.49.Dinner will cost you $11.29.When we left at about 2:30, there still was a long line of customers on a very warm day hungry to overeat.
3	The day has come in which Southern California has a Golden Corral within a reasonable driving distance!  No more drooling over those enticing commercials only to go online and google that the nearest Golden Corral to be 100 miles away!  After having had both lunch and dinner here I think I can say this buffet is a better version of hometown buffet, but nothing THAT special.  Maybe I've just been spoiled by all those Las Vegas buffets.What I don't like about the place:  First off, I don't like having to start off at the drink machines and carry my drink while waiting in line.. then carry my drink all the way to the tables.  And then when at the table, when I run out of soft drink/coffee/tea/water I need to flag down a waiter in order to get a refill.  Why?  Because once inside the actual buffet, the only dispensers are operated by servers only. fail.  Second, the actual buffet area is poorly designed.  I never know who is in what line because often times lines fuse together.  Third and most importantly.. A lot of what golden corral advertises on t.v. is not at this restaurant.  perhaps because this is just starting out?  But i felt the selection wasn't as great as it should be.What I do like:  Even though a lot of items go fast, all you have to do is let someone know, and they'll be nice and try to replace that item as quickly as possible.  The servers are friendly as well as the buffet staff which makes for a nice dining experience.  Food is what you can expect of a standard buffet.  Some items taste better than others but nothing is going to blow your socks off.  Just decent food for an okay price.All in all, would I come here again?  Sure I would but probably at the same frequency that I visit someplace like Hometown buffet which is really 2-3 times a year if even that.  There is no reason that people should be dreaming about golden corrals anymore.  Here it is folks, and believe me after stopping by, this isn't something you will be craving for.
4	Went for lunch on the first day it opened. Drinks were in the front before you pay. I got a green tea, and I saw Hochata, so I got a second cup for Hochata. As we were paying I asked the cashier, were the drinks charged individually, by that I meant was I being charged for two drinks instead of one drink, she said it was included in the price, I took it as I can drink anything I want for ONE price. Later on, I checked the receipt Hochata was charged separately for $2.49. If I have known I had to pay for Hochata, I wouldn't have got it. They should have a sign informing the consumers regular soda drinks one price, otherwise there is a charge for the rest of the drinks, we were not charged for coffee, not sure if it was included in the price of the meal.That was just the only complain I had, but everything else was excellent. The wait staffs were very friendly and very very tentative. The food were hot,  very tasty and very fresh too. They actually made the cakes, grilled the chicken and pork chop and chopped the salads at the front so the food were very fresh. Over all GC is way much better than HomeTown Buffet in every way.I will now dine at GC than HTB. If the service and the food maintain at this high standard, I will definitely come back again and again, I have been waiting for a Golden Corral restaurant in this area ever since I saw their adds a few years back.We kind of stop going to HTB lately, cause the quality of the  food and selections, and the service were kind of sub-par.
2	Let me just start off by saying, I always, ALWAYS go on yelp before I go to new restaurants. Judging by majority of the amazing reviews, I decided to finally go today with my boyfriend. YEAH, i'm going to make this short and say REALLY? this place is just like hometown buffet. It was super packed (&i know its only because its new & there isn't one near by) but the food wasn't that great. Nothing stood out to me.
3	This place opend on 4/20/12 and a few of my coworkers and i went during lunch.  Food was a lot better than Hometown buffet, but they trick you at the beginning since you get the drinks first thinking its inlcuded in the fee but once you go pay its an additional $1.99..  Went back again a few days later and WOW the line was about an hour wait...i drive by the place everyday afterwork and there are STILL abou 50 people standing outside everyday.  Overall food was great, but is it worth the wait?  Thats up to you!
2	I'm not sure how we got here, but wow what a WASTE in calories.What's interesting is this place has three types of rice (Mexican Rice, Rice Pilaf, and Fried Rice), what's funny is all the rices taste the same and was way too soggy. Whats even more funny is that the mac and cheese tastes just like the rice. Whats ridiculous is that the green beans have no taste at all. To put it over the top, the meatloaf and salad bar is horrible. This place looks busy, but really it's just not, it's much smaller in space than Hometown Buffet and the clientele seems to be a lot bigger than Hometown's. I think I saw a good amount of people that are being paid by SDI for being too obese to work. I'd rather go to hometown and I really hate that place!  I will not visit again..
4	Good variety of foods and good service.Long lines and drinks are not self serve after the first time.Everything tasted good.I especially loved the rotissire chicken,wok area,and the ice cream that they offer.Definitely be back in the near future. I thing that bothered me was the glass that covered the food was so big its hard for tall people to grab the back food!
2	There isn't really much to say about this place because I didn't enjoy it that much...but I don't really enjoy any buffets outside of vegas and for the price you paid I guess you get that 2 stars. Regardless...you wait in a long line(I'm assuming due to it's cheap price) and you can get a drink...I prefer you not to get a drink because you don't even get to refill it yourself and it's like 1.99 which is alright but flagging down your "waiter/waitress"just to get you another drink is kinda missing the point of Buffet? Anyway I'm not entirely sure on the drinks price but I think my friend paid around $11 for his lunch and soft drink so sounds about right.Regardless I don't find any of the dishes memorable as they all tasted either too bland or too salty. I honestly don't know if i can really complain about it cause you shouldn't expect much but yea. The memorable part for me is that dessert you get to have cookies and cream, pecan, and 2 other flavors of ice cream and it's unlimited so that's something to look forward to even though it's not the best ice cream you'll ever taste but it certainly beats having only vanilla and chocolate ice cream all the time.Anyway...my tastebud is spoiled so you can give it a try if you want but I don't see myself coming to this buffet any time soon.
4	All I can say is, it's a lot better than Hometown Buffet. The fact that yu can see your food while it's being made is a bit refreshing. At least you know where your food is coming from. Downside is that food tends to disappear as soon as its put under the heat lamp. Also the line reminds me of Disneyland. It's bad enough that the line is outside but it also zig-zags indoors. I paid around $11 for my meal because i added a drink to my lunch. Other than the line and disappearing food, the food is pretty tasty. I suggest getting their sliders and fried chicken. Also, you can never go wrong with a chocolate fountain. Never.
4	Not bad. Not bad at all. It's a definite upgrade from the other buffets in the area like Hometown and Souplantation. It's more roomier and has over 150+ selection of food! You can also see the hardworking chefs cook the food right in front of you. I went in during lunch time and lunch would run you about 8.50 without the beverage. The food choices were nice. They section off the food into different areas. Chinese food on one side, seafood on the other, etc. I enjoyed their sliders alot. I also like their pork steaks as well. After only taking two trips to the buffet, I had to tap out and head over to the dessert bar. They have so many whimsical choices like the cotton candy and the chocolate fountain. I dropped a couple of strawberries into the chocolate fountain though :( If anybody finds them tell I said sorry. They even have their own mini ice cream parlor! All in all, it's a great buffet to head out to. The line can get a bit crazy later in the day so try to head over here for lunch. I arrived at 11:30 and only waited for 15-20 minutes. My friends said they waited an hour+ during the dinner service. Yikes.
4	Pros-great steak like wow!-steak sauce!-cotton candy-chocolate fountain-great selection of salads-seafood with fried shrimp-ice cream-price is goodCons-chaotic-horrible parking-service is soso
4	i went on opening day and no wait. so i enjoyed my visit. the food was good and so was the service and the price was decent, just don't get the soda cause that is what gets you. Definitely a lot better than hometown BUT i wouldn't want to wait an hour to eat here, but i think that will die down soon. its just like half and half or 85degrees. now the waits for those establishments are manageableWill go back once the hype dies down and there aren't 50 people waiting outside to eat everyday
4	Okay I think some of these low star comments are kind of harsh. Really you are comparing a 11 dollar buffet to a 20-40 dollar buffet in Vegas?  You are complaining about the line too? REALLY.  ARE you that SPECIAL that WE arn't allowed to come so you don't have to wait in line REALLY!  Wondering why the line is so long and redonkulous! They've been advertising GOLDEN CORRAL on TV for soo long and we have all checked to see where is it and the nearest one was in Hesperia (on the way to vegas).  I don't know about you but the service i received was top notch even though I came on a Saturday and yes I've waited for 2 hours! And yes I've waited in line for steak (cooked the way you wanted) BECAUSE I'M NOT THAT SPECIAL THAT THE RESTAURANT would restrict the amount of people coming in just because you do not want to wait in line.   Just like any buffet there are it's pros and cons. AND HOW DARE YOU OR HOW CAN YOU COMPARE THIS TO HOME TOWN BUFFET OR EVEN SAY HOMETOWN BUFFET IS BETTER.  For the most part it is a open kitchen you get to see what the chef is cooking.  Everything is pretty clean considering they were running at maximum capacity.  The Grill was the best part. You get to see the open flames in front of your eyes while you chose the cut of steak you want, fried chicken was good too.  I'm not a very picky eater sooo everything that i have tried was pretty good to decent to me. NOTE AND REPEAT THAT I'VE TRIED. THAT MEANS I HAVEN'T TRIED EVERYTHING!  Shrimp was good not over cooked just perfect.  The dessert ahh the DESSERT! COTTON CANDY, Chocolate FOUNTAIN, HAND sCOOP ICE CREAM REALLY YOU STILL THINK HOME TOWN IS BETTER?  I MUST BE A FAN BOY no i'm not im just speaking the truth.  1 star docked off for food being a little bit too salty along with some dessert for being ultra sweet.  (i havent had the salad bar yet)  1 star docked off for the salad bar being too healthy (im just kidding) now you see how redonkulous some reviewer sound like? Other notesIf you buy soda you fill up your own soda in the front and bring it with you to your table. the waitress/ waiters will refill your soda.  The workers eat where the customers eat it didn't but me bug it might bug others.I think a few of the waitress is really pretty and very helpful too. (lol).
4	The Good:Steak(Huge): choose the cut you want and top it off with mushrooms or onions.Spinach: In the Salad Bar high quality spinach.Sauteed Shrimp: get it from the Cook, plump and juicy and seasoned just right.Pizza: pesto pizza thin crust.Cherry PieReal Ice Cream: had cookies' in cream.You will be full at the end TRUST me.Price is reasonable.The Bad:Pasta sub par, linguine stuck together.Chinese area didn't look good.Crab salad could use some work.The Ugly:Went on a Monday @ 5:30 and there still was a long line.Crowded & chaotic would sum it up.
4	I expected Hometown Buffet, so I was hugely pleased by some aspects, and largely disappointed by others.  Overall, it was great.  I'm worried that the pros won't last past the first year, though.I went weekday afternoon (before 4).  It was under $9 a person, and then another $2 if you want a drink.  It costs a bit over $10 for dinner, but they are doing a M-Th 2 dinners for $20 deal, I believe.First impression: the most frustrating opening set-up I had ever seen.  The have no space between the cash register, drinks, and wait to be seated area.  It is a cheap buffet-- you are going to get huge groups and families.  The cashier told me to get my drink, before he rung me up, but I couldn't reach the water that was all the way in the front because there was a party of 8 waiting to be seated, there.  Cashier eventually let us through without getting our drinks first, but that meant we had to wait until the waitress noticed we had two empty cups of ice before asking to get us more drinks.  I understand the concept.  You want people to choose their drink as they wait to pay, and sip while they wait for a table.  Then you want the waitress to bring drinks to ensure water customers don't try to fill up at the drink bar.  They did it wrong, though.  There is not enough space to breathe at the  entryway, and there were two cashiers and two parties (mine only had 2 people in it).  That is sad.SALAD Bar: OMG better than Souplantation!  They have such fresh veggies, refilled all the time, manned by a couple of attendants.  They do not have the variety of Souplantation, but they have some options Souplantation doesn't have.  I got baby spinach with slices of fresh tomato, crisp bell pepper, slices of onion, pickled jalapeno, guacamole, and salsa.  There were like 3 types of salsa strewn about.  It was awesome.  Then I got a deviled egg on the side (just a hard boiled egg with paprika, it looked like).  You can see the supermarket fresh produce sitting near the salad bar.  I was impressed.  I expected this to be a mainly meat buffet.The MEAT: Don't get me wrong, they definitely have meat, and it's grilled in front of you, and you can get fish or shrimp cooked to order to eat on its own or add to your salad, pasta, or what have you.  I got the steak.  They are good about having medium rare.  It's not that overcooked under the lamp stuff you get at other buffets.  The steak was really fatty.  Half my piece was fat.  I had to wait in line for it, too  =(  I recommend you ask for double what you want to eat, just in case.  The steak is kind of tough, and slightly on the salty side.  The BBQ chicken was delicious.  It just fell off the bones.  The fish was pretty good and tender.  The sides for the meat are good, too.  They have a bell pepper onion medley, sauteed mushrooms, onion rings, and what not.The Prepared dishes: There were some good prepared dishes.  I recommend the Bourbon Chicken.  It's well seasoned.  Everything I tried was average to pretty good.  I was happy.The DESSERT Bar:  One thing about Hometown is I avoid the dessert bar like the plague.  Or I might get some soft serve.  I tried the desserts here, though.  They have ice cream, and soft-serve.  It is your generic ice cream (kind of tastes like Ralphs/ Kroger brand cookies and cream).  They have a cotton candy machine!  It was fun.  They have okay desserts.  The red velvet cupcake was still warm when I got it, unlike the disgusting overpriced POS I got at Sprinkles a few weeks ago.  AVOID THE BROWNIE AT ALL COSTS.  I nearly chipped my tooth on that thing, it was so hard.  The fudge was softer.  They also have a chocolate fountain, and some fruit, marshmallows, or cookies you can stick in it.  The heart cookies were cute, but they were out by the time I got to it.  It wasn't meant to be.  _____________________________________________________Bottom line: There are some things they need to work on, but if they keep this up, and keep it staffed as they do now, this place is a great value.  I will be back.
4	Came here yesterday. I tried going Sunday night but there was a long line. Yesterday was nice. There was still a line and the place was packed. Buffet cost like $9 plus $2 for the drink. We were seating and had a hostess. She was nice, she chatted with us a bit but not so much as to bother us from eating. She also refilled our drinks and picked up our dirty places quick.The food selection was okay. For the size of the place i was thinking differently. They had hamburgers, pizza, fish, salad, dessert bar, Mexican food, some Chinese food. The best for me was the hamburgers. The worst was the pizza, kind of tasted like a downgrade of Little Ceasers. I did like that they cooked some of the food right in front of you so it's fresh. Overall great experience. I will be coming here again just not soon because it's a buffet and I don't want to gain weight lol
4	It has finally made its way to CA.  My family and I frequented this place on weekends in TX.Being that the place is new and much better than the barly edible HTB, be prepared to wait in long lines.The service was great, the dishes are taken away right away, and your drinks are quickly refilled. Finally, huzzah for the cotton candy.
4	Oh, Golden Corral. I used to eat at you when I was a kid and you were in Fresno. I loved your pizza and rolls. The boyfriend and I went here last night... we toughed it out and waited for 45 minutes. It was well worth the wait, if you're looking for a buffet. The price is actually really decent, especially when it is 2 for $20. There are a lot of choices, from stir fry to steak (cooked to order) to pot roast (holy cow- to die for) to cotton candy to orange chicken to pasta... pretty much something for everyone. WAY better than any buffet I have ever been to. My favorites were the steak, ham and pot roast. Least favorites were the bourbon chicken and the peach cobbler. The service is great too. Once seated, our waitress came and chatted with us a bit and was on top of refilling our drinks and taking our plates the entire night. A lot of people have a problem with the setup of the place, especially the whole wait in line- get your drink- pay- get seated thing... it really wasn't that bad. Actually, with how attentive the wait staff was, not being able to refill your own drinks wasn't an issue at all. And the line, especially near the registers, IS hectic... but only because it's really crowded and busy right now. I'm assuming that will die down and it will be a lot easier to handle. Hopefully the newness wears off and the line gets shorter- but hopefully the amazing service and food quality stays!
3	I drove by many times while it was being renovated. Heard it was pretty good. So, a couple of days after its Grand Opening, a group of us decided to give it a try. The line was wrapped around the building. It looked like such a long wait. But looks can be deceiving. It took only about a good 15 minutes to get in and be seated. Anyways, let's get to the food review. Food was plentiful and ongoing, never had to wait for them to bring it out. Quality was good, service wasn't bad. But...the downside was, most items were extremely salty! Would I go back? There's a good chance, but hopefully the food won't been too salty the second time around.
4	This buffet is awesome if you are craving to stuff your face and do not want to go to hometown or those other buffet places. This buffet has everything that you want. It has a grilling station for steaks, which is not bad by buffet standards (you still need to put A1 sauce on it), a station for Chinese food, salads, breads and biscuits, a huge selection of desserts which also includes a ice cream scoop station, cotton candy station, and a chocolate fountain where you can dip almost anything in melted chocolate. The prices here are pretty good. I think for the same amount for hometown you can go here instead or it might be a buck more or so, but its worth it if you are super hungry. Service was also awesome and very nice. If you are coming, come early and expect to wait in line for a while because this place just opened.
3	The novelty of a new joint and long ass lines at 4 PM raised my hopes like no other. Boy did they come crashing down with my first bite. Not to say it elicited an "omg this is disgusting", more like..."ehh....it's alriteeeee...". The steak that everyone raves about? AlriteMexican station? Meh Chinese good station? GROSS. Please, avoid at all costs (unless you like less than Panda Express quality)Pizza was whatever, lasagna wasn't bad, corn on the cob was actually above average...chicken (in all forms) was whatevs. I think the most enjoyable part of the meal was dessert. FONDUE FOUNTAIN? COTTON CANDY? I liked their banana pudding and my sister said their cookies were good. Overall, 2.5 stars. At $11.49 for dinner, they can probably expect to see me......never. Maybe for lunch!
2	Finally  I got to try this buffet... after the super long waiting line.What they did very smart is that they displayed the soda self-served machine right before the cashier... and most people simply got sucker by taking a soda drink and ended up paying for it even you don't want a soda.... Soda is extra... hahaBut... the wait for a $8 lunch buffet is not worth as the foods were a bit better than HomeTown buffet, but not impressive... ok... what to be impressive... only the price which is super cheap... yes... we're cheap once in a while!!
2	I had to see what the hype is all about, with the line out the door every single night since it opened up a couple of weeks ago.  Going in, I didn't think the Corral would live up to my expectations.  Coming out, I decided it didn't, and I will not be returning.  And to be honest, if I had to choose, I'd much rather take my money over to Hometown now that it will be less crowded OR starve. We arrived five minutes to 6, and the line was already out the door.  We waited a good 20 minutes before we made it to the cash register.  We were able to take advantage of the 2 for $20 special.  The promotion starts after 4 pm, Monday thru Thursday.  The third person had to pay the regular price, eh, no big deal.  We were seated fairly quickly after we paid.  Food was just okay, maybe slightly better than HTB, but not by much.  That cotton candy machine brings a nice touch to the dessert station, but it is super sticky that I did not bother with it.  Everything else was overly sweet.  Service was just okay as well.  Our server forgot to refill my brother's soda, and she never bothered to ask if I needed refill with my water.  I think the drink station should be made accessible to make things easier for all of us.  I can't say I was too disappointed with this place as I didn't have high expectations to begin with.  So if you go in with that attitude, then you'll be alright.
1	By far, the worst buffet I've had. I don't even want to be reminded of it. There was a wait of about 45mins for an odd hr lunch at 2:30pm, by the time you get in, it's about 3:30 ish. After the long wait outside in the sun, you still have to wait inside to get your food! It was so crowded inside and the food was not even good. Sorry to say that Hometown buffet is even better than this. They have basically the same type of food but this place has a ice cream station, grill station with steak and shrimp and fish (dinner only), cotton candy, and chocolate fountain. I can't believe that i didn't like anything there. The grilled pork chop and steak had no flavor besides the taste of charcoal, it doesn't even taste like it's been seasoned with salt. I got my piece medium, it was pink inside but the whole piece was still dry..why?? The best was probably the cook to order shrimp and fish at the pasta station for dinner. The pasta was soggy and wet, yuck. The shrimp and fish were ok, but come on, it's just sauteed with butter and cayenne. They only give you a very small portion at once. So if you want more, you have to wait few mins, and if there is a line, then good luck. Dessert, there is an ice cream and cotton candy line. Good luck on waiting b/c they scoop it for you. The line never dies down and they will scoop out the tiniest scoop of ice cream you'll ever see, so if you want more, go wait another 15 mins in line. But i say don't bother b/c it's not even good, as well as the chocolate fountain. Maybe my taste buds were already messed up after all the food i tried, so nothing was good afterall. For that price, i would pick Souplantation or Hometown over this anytime to prevent starvation and anger. And if you really want to see what the hype is all about, go in between lunch and dinner hrs so you can try both menus.
4	Fatties Reunite at the Golden Corral. When I stepped into this wondrous buffet for which I've commonly seen commercials to but has eluded me thus far in life, I knew I was ready for a surprise. What a huge line of rather obese individuals, couples, and families. I knew that I belonged here.2 for $20 after 4 pm on Mondays to Thursdays. Oh lord. Someone save me from myself. When I first stepped in I saw a huge buffet, much bigger than Hometown which is comparable, but I think Golden Corral definitely has the edge.There is better quality meat and food, and the desserts are also pretty good for what they are as well. I love the cotton candy. They also get great fatty points for the Horchata. Service is good, and the place is fairly clean as well.Skip Hometown and go to Golden Corral weekdays if you feel like being fat and spending only a little money.
3	This is your typical Hometown Buffet type restaurant. I would say it's a little better than Hometown because of the quality of the food and the cleanliness of the place. GOOD- Steak- Fried and BBQ chicken- Fish- Fried shrimp- Mashed potatoes- Cotton candy- Chocolate fountain- Bread pudding- Service from the waitersBAD- Salad bar (it wasn't bad but don't waste your time at a buffet at the salad bar)- Chinese food section- Mexican food section- Long lines When we first got there at 6:40 on a weekday, the line was out the door and halfway through the parking lot. We decided to brave it and we finally got seated about an hour later. (Be warned, there is a line inside as well, just you get through the doors) If you don't want to wait, I would recommend going before 5:00 PM or after 8:30 PM. There's a large parking lot but it's not connected to the Olive Garden shopping center parking lot.
4	Oh my word. This place is pretty great. I have been wanting to come since it this location has opened, but was scared of the long lines...and more scared of how packed it would be inside. I finally got enough courage to have a late lunch with my family on Tuesday, and it was still pretty packed!!But I can see why it is packed. The food is pretty great. My favorites had to be the roast beef (OMG YUM), the mashed potatoes, the pumpkin pie, and the enchiladas weren't too bad either. I might wait another month or so to go back because of how busy it is...even on weekdays. Do people not work anymore?? I hated to get up to get more food, because I had to be super stealth to navigate around customers not looking as to where they are going, kids running, and employees frantically walking around.
4	Great Variety of Dishes but, Super Long Lines!
1	Picture, if you will, this scenario.  You're hungry.  So you drive to a buffet.  Instead of walking in and eating, you decide to stand around for 2 hours and 20 minutes before chowing down on very mediocre, incredibly salty food.  I'm not sure what possessed us to do this.  Maybe the long line inspired some mysterious image of deliciousness waiting to reward our patience.  Sadly this was not to be.  To add insult to injury we had to wait another 20 minutes after walking in the door all the while enduring a gauntlet of sodas, iced teas, and juices BEFORE finding out at the cashier that it's extra.  And to throw some salt on that wound it's Pepsi.  Once inside you would imagine being grateful to get off your feet but the harsh lighting and the crowded spaces has all the ambiance of a maximum security prison cafeteria.  Don't make any sudden moves.  As others have stated the rice is mushy.  All the fish related stations were way too salty.  Tartar sauce was the standout.  Steak was actually ok but it is SO GREASY.  It's sitting in a pool of grease and then it's flanked with big blobs of fat to boot.  The way the food is arranged creates the illusion that there is more variety than the other behemoth buffet chain but it turns out they string out the food so only one side is accessible meaning more people have to crowd around and wait and there is actually probably around the same variety.Bottom line: don't let the long lines fool you.  You're better off going elsewhere.   Seriously.
3	I had seen several commercials for this place before I even knew it was being built in my area. SO I was hyped up about this place just by looking at the commercials. I went twice last week, not because I wanted to but I guess i had hyped it up beforehand too much haha. The first time I went on Tuesday at 1130am, I thought for sure there wouldn't be a line but yes there was a small 15 minute wait. The food was ok, much better than hometown that's for sure. Then we came on Saturday around 3pm, the line was about an hour and half. Luckily my brother-in-law was brave enough to wait for everyone. It was soo crazy busy, but some how the staff was still friendly and the managers made sure everything was running smoothly. The benefit of going for dinner is that they have made to order stations both steak and shrimp which was a nice surprise. I don't think I would go back for awhile until the lines are manageable and the buffet isn't as crowded.
5	I was wondering what all the hype was because every time I passed by on the 60 fwy, I always see a line to the parking lot.  Well, a good explanation is that this place just opened up. Luckily, we went yesterday, on a Tuesday, during lunch, so our wait time wasn't bad.  I could only imagine how it would be during dinner time.Wow, it's like a "Vegas" experience for local buffets.  I'm totally impressed with what this place had to offer in choice of food, desserts, and service.  There is literally something for everyone.  I think my eyes had food overload, I didn't even eat as much as I would have wanted...I think that's kind of weird saying that.  I just ended my meal by hyjacking one of those cotton candy out the restaurant.I would definitely go back, and an overwhelming response from my other picky family members would go back as well.
5	I really don't get what all the whining is about. Of course there's going to be a wait. We've been bombarded with commercials, but we haven't had one of these places any closer than Hesperia.  Of course people are going to want to rush the place when it's new.  The same thing happened when a Sonic finally opened in Duarte.Anyway, I have absolutely no complaints about the food.  The steak was on point!  The service was great for the amount of people present.  I sampled a little bit of everything, but I think the shrimp and steak alone are worth the wait....now let me address a few other things. How the hell are you going to complain about endless steak?!  "Oh, it's too greasy....oh, it's too fat.". Your cheap ass came here for the Ultimate 2 for $20, and you know it.  If you want a better cut, go to Houston's or Ruth Chris or something.  Pay that ridiculous price.  Also, the decor...who cares?  Come on, it's a buffet, not an art gallery....or maybe you prefer the Norman Rockwell pieces at Hometown Buffet.  Lastly, don't judge the crowd.  Yeah, I admit, there were a lot of cholos and hynas present, but everyone seemed so polite and patient.  Nobody got ghetto in line or inside.I really enjoyed the food and my experience.  I will definitely be returning...maybe after the lines die down a little.
4	Despite the long wait~ the food & service were pretty good~ delicious & very fresh~ I love the ribs, steaks (juicy and full of flavor), fresh salad bar, and I love the chocolate fountain. Eating the cotton candy and ice cream made us feel like little kids~ it was FUN!! The service was pretty good~ At least they tried with huge crowd.cons: they need to work on the "wok station", the Asian food taste "blah" and looks very unpleasant!! The long line!The atmosphere -they could use more warmer tone decorations n lighting to make the customers feel more relaxing and welcomed.
4	The first time I went I was rather excited that there was a new, upgraded buffet than the normal Hometown Buffet. After waiting in line, you walk in and pick up your drinks first - be warned: they cost extra - then you are directed to your table. The seating areas are rather cramped, so if you're a mommy who still carries around the carseat carrier, you might want to think twice about bringing it in with you. The food here is good because they have a pretty large variety. The salad bar is way better than at Hometown. As for the main courses, they offer things from Chinese spring rolls to Italian lasagna. I was confused by the spinach dip near the pizza. It's there, but the chips you use to dip into it is on the other side of the buffet. They could need some more organization with their food placement. The dessert was ok. The ice cream isn't all that special. It's like regular ice cream. They have the chocolate fountain as advertised, and they even have a cotton candy machine. Overall, the dessert isn't anything to get too excited about. The staff is nice and friendly. It gets pretty busy, so they run around trying to get everything guests ask for. They are also good about picking up the plates you're done with so you never have a pile of used dishes taking up space on your table. Overall, Golden Corral is just the new "in" thing that everyone's jumping on the bandwagon to try. It's just like when BJ's first opened. Eventually people will get tired of it and it'll be just another restaurant to choose from for Saturday night dinners.
3	This place has a larger variety than Hometown Buffet but Hometown is easier to navigate since it has sections whereas Golden Corral is just one big row in the back.The staff is very friendly but forgive them if they forget things since its hella hectic.  They share a parking lot with BJ's so parking can be frustrating, another plus for Hometown.Golden Corral is pretty much a better Hometown but you cant go wrong with either one for mediocrity.
3	My motto at a buffet: Take almost embarrassingly small portions of each dish so that you can try everything. There was no line at 8:30 in the AM. Price was only $9 for all-you-can-eat buffet. Everything was pretty good. Here's what I ate and I'm proud of it:Fresh wafflefried chicken (there's two kinds, get the one with the smoother looking batter)smoky sausage grits with brown sugar and butteroatmealeggsfresh fruitslice of boysenberry piecoffeeDoes not mean I took fat ass portions of each like some patrons were doing then wasting the food to go up and get other items. That's just disgusting and irresponsible eating practice. I think etiquette and portion control is out-of-control. The amount of wasted food is incredible at buffets. This place was decent for the price. It was probably a better experience since my grandparents are in town and my brother was here telling interesting stories. My family rocks! For example: In reference to a wedding we're attending this afternoon my 80 year old grandpa just said "Open bar, I can drink a lot of beer in 5 hours hahah."Parking: Large private lot. Can fill up during peak hours, but spaces are pretty large.
4	R.I.P. Hometown Buffet
4	This is one restaurant where its popularity makes the dining experience hectic and frustrating despite the great food.Before this one opened last month (April 20, 2012), I went to the one located in Hesperia, CA, 65 miles away from me. It was just as hectic during dinnertime because it was the only one located in the central part of Southern California, so consequently, everyone from LA had to travel there to eat. Now that the Industry restaurant opened, all the LA customers now go there instead of Hesperia, giving that restaurant a little more breathing room. With the Industry location now being the only LA County one, it is naturally going to be crowded until they build more locations. People need to be aware of this and plan their time accordingly... best time to go is around 11am, and around 4 PM, before the crowds really show up. Forget it if you go there at dinnertime on the weekends. You could conceivably wait over an hour to get in. The line outside gets quite long.The design of the interior is the same for all of the Golden Corrals. Various stations include salads, soups, Asian, Latin, Grillhouse, Italian, Breads, and Desserts. The BIGGEST problem that Golden Corral needs to address is its Grillhouse. The line waiting for the grilled meats can get quite long and the people block access to the Italian section and desserts. I think they should reverse the direction of the waiting line and place them in a roped off stantioned area to give people access to the rest of the food while the people in line get their steaks and fish.The food itself is tasty and tastes the same as other Golden Corrals which is what makes people come back.... you get the expectation of the good food and in that regard, you are not disappointed.Ironically, the general manager of this location is Robert Sheldon, former GM of the nearby Hometown Buffet when the food USED to be good. After Mr. Sheldon left to go work for Golden Corral, the HTB food has been steadily going downhill and I personally feel that this GC will be the death knell for the Industry HTB.
1	Not as good as what I expected but the ice tea and ice cream were good
5	If you're going to venture to Golden Corral, plan accordingly. Make you sure you have time to wait in line to be seated and come hungry. This buffet rivals the Vegas buffets and blows Hometown out if the water. The food is fresh, tasty, and the variety will please all tastes. The service is also attentive, keeping drinks filled and tables clear of used plates. I'm glad the opened this location in LA County, I can't wait for one to open in the OC (fingers crossed).
2	THE GOOD:- AYCE for a cheap price- lots of different desserts! (ice cream, soft serve, cotton candy, pastries, cookies, fruits, chocolate fountain) - Staff is niceTHE BAD:- LONG LINES. OMG. - The food is just okay. Don't come here expecting some gourmet stuff.- Dude working the grill is such a NOOB!!!!!!!! Kept burning steaks, and doesn't know how to cut meat. You can't have someone who's terribly inefficient working the most popular part of the place!!!!!!!!- Their chinese food makes Panda Express suited for royal emperors
3	What in the world?  I felt like I was waiting for a ride at Disneyland with the long and ridiculous line.Leonard W and I always see commercials for Golden Corral and even thought about stopping by Victorville next time we head to Vegas, but what do you know, a Golden Corral opens in 626!We got there around 11:20am and we were greeted with this loooong line out the door.  Turns out this place also serves breakfast so there's a crowd since morning.  The outside portion took a good 20 minutes before we got into the door, thinking that we are getting closer to food, but reality slaps us in the face and the line actually curls a few times like at Disneyland before you head towards the register to pay!  Finally, after a total of 40-50minutes of waiting, we were seated and we began to explore the buffet.There's a salad station, Mexican, Chinese, Southern, grill station, small seafood section, and a big dessert section.  The standouts for us was definitely the Mandarin Chicken and the fried chicken!  We loved the Mandarin Chicken because it isn't drenched in sauce and they actually stir fry it with Chinese fermented black soybeans!  It adds a different flavor to your normal orange chicken and we ate a ton of those.  Now, the fried chicken was ridiculously juicy.  Good seasoning on the outside and we thought that only the dark meat was gonna be juicy, but even the breast meat was awesome.After those two items though, we didn't care too much about the others.  They had pork chops for lunch instead of sirloin steaks.  They also had sliders but a little inconsistent.  Our first sliders were great, but sliders after were all overcooked.  Pizzas, pot roast, chicken fajita, cajun fish, and fried catfish were a few items that I tried and they were all alright.The weirdest thing on the menu was fried chicken gizzards.  That was... interesting.Didn't try much of the dessert, but the cookies were extremely buttery (yum) and they got some legit legit mint chocolate chip ice cream!  Of course, there was the famous chocolate fountain but kids were hogging up that area so I didn't bother with it.Service was a standout.  Our server had this Southern hospitality-quality to him and just from watching him interact with other tables, I can tell this guy is gonna get a lot of tips!For $8.29, it's not bad at all for buffet.  It doesn't include a drink, so if you add a drink, it costs about the same or a little more than Hometown, and I gotta say, Golden Corral is waaaay better than Hometown.
4	One word, yummy
5	It feels weird to give a buffet 5 stars, mostly because I'm used to the Hometown Buffets of the world. Golden Corral is so much better than that. First of all their selection is great. Feel like eating a salad? (Who are you people anyways?) A steak? Chinese? Mexican? Italian? Sea food? They got you covered. If you're like me and make a beeline to the steaks, I'm happy to report that they're delicious. Comparable to Black Angus and they're a steak house.They also have all kinds of bread, desserts, ice cream and the famous chocolate fountain. Service is also excellent. Our waitress was very nice and friendly. Overall a great experience. I just wish they were closer to me (they're about 30-45 min away). On second thought though, it's probably better for my waist line that they're not.*Note: I went on a Tuesday and the wait was about 30 min (which isn't too bad for a party of 6 like us). However be warned that on weekends the wait is closer to 1 1/2 hours.
3	It's cheap boring buffet food.  If you are looking for Las Vegas style presentation, you are not going to find it here.  Good deal for breakfast.  I mean how wrong can you go with eggs and potatoes right?  Lunch and dinner is mediocre.  Most of the food they serve are tasteless commercially produced food.  It's like one or two steps above Hometown Buffet.  Save your money and go across the street to Chili's for better food.  Even better idea, just go to Costco down the street and grab few hot dogs and a large pizza for a total bargain.
1	It's nothing but hype, not worth the wait, especially in the burning sun. It's hardly a "buffet" as you have to stand in line to be served the steak, etc.  Even when they serve you, they make sure you get the smallest piece, I guess people don't want to get in line again as saying it 's chaotic is an understatement!!  It's noisy, crowded, just not a pleasant dining experience.  I'm a regular customer of Hometown, but just wanted to see the difference, this place sucks!  The food was bland, desserts blah and the worst part of it is you can't refill your own drink.The food at HTB is far superior especially since Terry Golding took over as GM.  He makes us feel so welcome, the atmosphere is so friendly, we feel at home.  In talking to my friends who are regulars like me, they all said that they too had tried GC and once was more than enough.  I've been told that they're going to remodel and it's going to be even better, can't wait!
3	The name is apt. Once you manage to manuever yourself through a ridiculously long line and get inside, this place is totally like a CORRAL. A herd of hungry people, food on the floor, food on the tables, lines for MORE food. Don't expect a peaceful meal. This place doesn't cater to that. Cheap prices and plentiful food. No wonder Golden Corral opened up near Rowland Heights. Asians love these gimmicks! =PAnd with all that being said, the food quality here was good and the desserts were very plentiful. Not your standard buffet desserts. Steak, sausages chicken etc. All the poultry and seafood (fish and shrimp)  were pretty fresh. The fried shrimps were huge! The breads were great too. I didn't want to fill up on those, but the cheese biscuits and the corn bread was delish. Dessert! Pies, cupcakes (red velvet!), bread pudding, chocolate fountain, cotton candy, ice cream, soft serve, whoa.... And the workers kept pumping these out. Fresh. My only real complaint is the layout. The station with all the meats (the most popular) was right by the entry way where people were paying and waiting for their dining tables. Sooo crowded with the lines and the people walking through. There really should be more room. Especially if people are carrying plates of hot food. Save your calories and drink water. I think you can ask your server for a glass of water once you reach the table. Golden Corral tries to lure you to purchase a drink since the drink dispensers are right next to the cashiers. I got the sweet tea. And it was sooo watered down. Drinks are $ 2.50 and is added on top of your dinner price.Definitely got bang for my buck here. $10.50 for an adult at dinner (not including drink)! Service was nice and helpful. Even with the chaotic environment.
3	We went at lunch on Friday and waited about 20-30min in line.Too bad they don't serve steak and seafood for lunch, other foods are just ok, I'd give it 1 more star if when I come back next time after several months and won't have to wait half hour in line.  For lunch I would rather go to Asia Buffet, Souplantation or even Hometown.- Chinese station      skipped because I've read the reviews on yelp plus it does look shady - Italian/pizza station:      lasagna was good,      corn is good n sweet.     cheese macaroni was coated in the half melted cheese, looks nasty! - Grill station:     love their BBQ chicken legs! very tender     pork chop was too salty     mini cheese burger - pattie was way too dry, over grilled/smoked- Desert:     like the cotton candy and ice cream, but overall all the deserts are kind of low/cheap quality deserts: pies, puddings, cheap cake.  I was hoping to see some good variety of deserts like creme brulete, puff, cheesecake or even just cookies/muffins, but none of any of the above!!! But with this price range I guess this is it.
5	Golden Corral did not disappoint!  It was delicious, fresh and the quality of food beats Hometown Buffet or any of the other buffets around town hands down!  The dining area features an open kitchen where you can see the chefs and prep cooks hard at work.  The food selection is vast and I never expected to have a great buffet experience here.  We thought only great buffets existed in Vegas, but Golden Corral proved us wrong!  The wait times can be long, but it is definitely worth it.  I'd recommend going around 1:30-2:30pm, when the lunchtime rush is over.
4	I was about to turn around when I saw the line, but I heard there was always a line and I really wanted to see what all the hub bub was about.  The line went pretty quick and the people I was in line with were friendly and we enjoyed conversation as we waited.  The price is just right and the quality of the food is very surprising.  I thought the quality of the steak would be bad but it was tender and so very good.  All of the fixings and sides were delicious, I especially loved the macaroni and cheese and creamed spinach.  Dessert was good as well, the bread pudding was warm and tasty.  The service was on point, I would definitely wait in line to grub at this place again.
1	Felt like cattle as we were forced to wait in a long line to get in, and even longer lines to get food.. All the servers and cashiers were very unfriendly, in a hurry to go to their own lunch breaks , and kept forgetting to bring the refills we asked for, not mention they never picked up all the piling plates on our table as well as the others around us. Even though they have more food selection than hometown buffet, it's not worth it for such shitty service and long lines.. And to top it off, we found hair in our foods twice on the same visit!!! Eeewww!!
5	So f***ing good
3	There probably isn't a better place within miles that has a better bang for buck value than this place. The food isn't mind blowing or anything but it's ok. Maybe around the quality of an average diner/grill/bar. Better than denny's that's for sure -_-.  And for like 10-12 bucks ayce, what more can you ask for? It definitely beats eating at any chinese buffet, hometown buffet, or even todai (bang for buck-wise.) Main con is the long line and the fact that it's a bit difficult to get the Tilapia from the grill. The best things to get there in my opinion are...Fried ChickenFried FishGrilled Tilapia Grilled Shrimp w/ pasta/rice pilafChocolate covered strawberries Ice CreamAnd what not to get are...Most of the chinese food section besides for this sweetish chicken which was pretty good. (not the orange chicken.) Not a fan of the pork ribs.  Meat at the salad bar. And some other food that were decent/pretty good were...Hush PuppiesPizzasSteakmost of the salad bar excluding the cold meat. I heard there were fried gizzards but I didn't see that when I went so I have to look out for those next time.
4	If you're into steak, this is the buffet for you!  All you can eat steaks off the grill for $10 Mon-Thurs after 4pm, you can't beat that.  The zig-zag lines to get into the buffet will remind you of those long lines waiting for rides at the amusement park.  Place is very crowded, hard to maneuver around with plates of food.  There is also a line to get to the food, once seated.  The staff are nice, friendly and refill your drinks.  Has a good variety of foods, and a chocolate fountain/cotton candy section.  I personally made the mistake of indulging in the salads and pastas that I only had one steak.  :(Tips:Make sure to come with a hungry HUNGRY stomachPrepare to wait in long lines after 4:30ish Mon-Thurs and on WeekendsHit up that grilled section!Small variety of fruits/Asian dishesPrepare for the large crowds and try to avoid running into others
3	I took my mom to this place last week.  We decided to go on a Tuesday for lunch being that we went there on Sunday, and the wait was going to be at least 1 hour.  The food = 3.5 stars - lots of variety, but overall, only the mashed potatoes and gravy were tasty.  I also had the popcorn shrimp, which was okay.  The steamed fish was just salty, but pretty bland.Service = 1 star.  We had Stephanie as our lousy waitress.  I watched her refill drinks and offer water to other tables, but not to us.  I asked her for 2 glasses of water and she took forever to get them to us.  I won't be back for a long time.
2	Located next to BJ's Brewery Restaurant and Mitsubishi Puente Hills Car Dealership. The parking here was pretty difficult, since this place is still new. Due to the new opening of this place, of course, be ready to wait in long lines. The wait time for me was about thirty minutes, so not too bad. However, once inside, the aroma of all the foods made my tummy rumble. Anyways, let's get to the foodie areas:1. The Greenhouse Area-Spinach (wasn't as fresh...had some dried up spinach in there), lettuce, organic mix, romaine lettuce, various dressings, cucumbers, half sliced tomatoes (very watery...what happened to cherry tomatoes in salads??), cranberries (sweet and fresh), raisins, canned fruits, fresh fruit, tuna salad, coleslaw, southwest salsa (not as good as the pico de gallo), devil eggs,  various soups (chicken and veggie soup...chicken was dry and the vegetables had no flavor), baked potatoes, etc. 2. The Wok Area-Popcorn chicken, fried rice, orange chicken, fried noodles, egg rolls, etc. 3. The Grill House Area-Pork chops, steaks (where was it?! Only saw pork chops), kernel corn (not too sweet, but fresh), green beans (tasted like it was from a can), mushrooms, brussel sprouts, carrots, mini burgers (DRY! Hard to devour...and the bread was soggy), fried chicken, buffalo wings, tacos (stale), chips (stale),  tortillas, quesadilla, nacho cheese (spicy con queso was a bit powdery, but enough spice), etc.4. The Piazza Area-Spaghetti with marinara sauce, spinach and artichoke dip, different pizzas, cheese breadsticks (hard to bite through and too much oregano!), lasagna, pot roast (tender, but dry and no flavor), mac and cheese (watered down and tasted like powder), corn on the cob, meatloaf (tasted ok, the sauce was better than 38 Degrees Ale House and Grill), steak fries, mashed potatoes (watered down and tasted nothing like potatoes...), etc. 5. The Lighthouse Bay Area-Popcorn shrimp, tilapia (moist and flavorful), fried cod (breading was horrible, the cod was dry too), etc. 6. The Bread Company Area-Hot and steamy rolls, cornbread (jalapeno cornbread...tasted like cake...not good), and cheese biscuits (dry, but tasted, ok).7. The Dessert Area-My favorite area! What more can you ask for?! Assortative cookies (chocolate chip cookies was a bit salty), molten lava cake (moist and the chocolate just gushed out), various pies (chocolate pie was horrible..avoid this at all cost!), chocolate fountain (not the best chocolate, but it was ok), rice crispy treats (warm and not stale), brownies, marshmallows, frozen yogurt, hand scooped ice cream (oreo ice cream didn't taste very good, but the rainbow sorbet was great!), and cotton candy (my super favorite, nice and fluffy with loads of flavor)! The service here was not great. The table that they sat us with had leftover food and drink stains. They hardly cleared the plates, so they piled up quickly. Sanitation wise...zero. They used the same wipe for everything...Overall, I would not recommend coming here...Only the dessert area was good...I wish I went to BJ's Brewery Restaurant instead...Note: It's true what they say..."You get what you paid for." So my expectations for this restaurant wasn't high to begin with...first and last time I'm coming here.
3	We came Friday for lunch around 1pm. We waited about 30 minutes to get seated. The wait wasn't too bad.....The price was cheap for a buffet ($8.29) and there were tons of selections. However, the food is not the healthiest and sadly, I have to point out that the food here is epitome of America's ongoing battle with weight. Yet, my gluttonous heart pigged out here today. Pros:-I tried [mostly] all the dishes here (except bread). Just went down the buffet line and grabbed a slab of each. I know this is super wasteful of food, but I wanted to sample it all T_T. There were sooooooooooo much, some good and some not so good. The food that I liked was the fried chicken and the BBQ chicken. I liked the corn, green beans and mashed potatoes. Got myself 2nd helpings of those-The salad bar was ok, though it looked slightly dirty so I avoided that. I will be going to Souplantation for my salad needs. Though, the watermelon was very sweet, so I gobbled those up rather quickly. -Service was also very good. They cleared our plates rather quickly and brought us waters!-Dessert bar is heaven!!! Best part there is. The banana cream pie is good along with the carrot cake. I also did dip ONE strawberry in the chocolate foundation, but the strawberries were rotten so I didn't bother after the first one. : (-There are 4 ice cream flavors: mint, vanilla, rainbow sherbet and cookies and cream. I tried everything but vanilla. The rainbow sherbet tastes watered-down. I would avoid. The other flavors are ok. -Cotton candy is a nice touch. I saw some guy with 3. O_O. Cons:-Please please please AVOID the Chinese section at all costs. It was horrid. I'm ok with Panda quality food, but the food here is below Panda level. I tried some orange chicken and it tasted bitter and garlic-y. The eggrolls were stale and filled with who-knows-what. -There was also this Pork chop that was grilled, and it was very dry and chewy. I did not bother to finish it. -The chicken soup was not comparable to Souplantation's chicken soup. It was very salty and cloudy. Also, hardly no chicken. Avoid the soup. Overall, I decided it was an OK restaurant. I overstuffed myself trying all the foods. It's now almost 8pm and I'm still full : (. Also, the food is full of fat and oil. : ( : ( I don't think I would come back to eat lunch again. Nothing against the restaurant or food, it's just not my style, as I try to eat more healthy. However, the weekend breakfast is something I'd want to try..... so we'll see if I wake up early enough to drive to RH to stand in line.
3	Since everyone is typing essays here, I'll give a quick one. Food is pretty good, not great. Dessert is good but it depends on what you get and how full you are after killing yourself with steak(which is pretty good especially made to your preference). Everything else that is not fresh made (i.e. chinese food, the non-fresh fish, hush puppies) tastes like ones from the mediocre buffets. Worth the wait? not really. Come back again? maybe after few months. To me, it is just for try, not for once a few weeks. Price is CHEAP though!
4	This is my second time here. The first time I had it was in North Carolina. This Golden Corral has a very long wait time with a huge line out the door. The wait can be up to two hours. The food is pretty good in terms of quality. Not everything is good but a majority of it is. Their seafood is cooked to order although too much butter is used in the sauce. Their steaks are grilled to order too so you can get either medium rare all the way to well done. The food is very fresh. The desserts are high quality too and there is a good diversity to them. The price is not bad for dinner at $11.49 (not including drinks) for so much food diversity. Definitely want to come back.
4	Damn... Where do I begin? To make this review "to the point", I love the food here...PERIOD. The only problem I have is the amusement park line to get inside the place! No bullshit, I waited in line outside in the heat for damn near 2hrs. Yes, the line actually starts in the parking lot. Once you get inside, you'll be dodging unattended children at the serving stations like orange cones on a obstacle course! Other than the crowd, this is a damn good place to get a meal. My guess is that they didn't anticipate this big of a rush. But honestly, for the amount of people they get, they have it pretty organized. Bottom line, I love the place. But at the end of the day you'll find yourself not being able to have the best experience possible due to the overwhelming traffic constantly walking by your table. I gave it 4 stars since I genuinely like the place. I just can't deal with the crowds and kids set free to roam at will. In conclusion, your choices are, "Do you want to wait? Or do you want to eat? (meaning going somewhere else where you can walk straight in... the choice is yours)."
1	So, finally they opened a Golden Corral in our area.  For the longest time those commercials actually made me want to visit one again.  In Texas they have Golden Corral everywhere its no biggie.  However, people here seem to think its a really good place to check out.  My advice is don't go unless you have 2 1/2 hours to waste.  On top of that its so annoying because 4739827432798 kids are running around unattended, making all kinds of noise.  The food wasn't even that great, I only went there thinking that they might have something different offered.  After finding out this location is like every other Golden Corral, I was very disappointed. The steaks were very hard to eat, after trying to insert my fork to begin cutting a piece.  The fork bent and felt like putting a fork in a piece of rubber.  The difficulties made my experience even worse, especially because 5 kids kept bumping into my chair and yelling in my ear.  I actually had to tell the parents to control their kids.I don't care how inexpensive it is or how many people said it was delicious.  Because in that area there are plenty of nice restaurants with no wait time, and will fill you up the same way for $30 which I paid there.  The pasta was disgusting, the sauces were not even right.  There were a couple things they did well, everything that was a fried food and all the chicken.  I would stay away from this place if your not trying to eat salty or greasy.  Because a lot of the dishes are heavily seasoned and very greasy.  The worst was the Spanish rice it was too salty to even digest.  Hopefully they improve their quality of the dishes, it shouldn't matter that a lot of people line up to eat there, and the restaurant is super busy.  The food & service should always be good regardless of how many people show up.Food "D+"Service "C-"
3	The pot roast and "yeast" bread was really good...however the long wait was definitely not worth it...and it was really crowded on a Tuesday! I thought the line would have died down since they have been open for about 2 months but nope we still waited 45 mins plus for a table! I rated it "A-OK" because its definitely better than hometown buffet more selection and hot food! Seating was cramped but service was good!
4	As American buffet places go, there is a good amount of variety here. True, there's a long line when you enter, but it's expected...the wait is about 30 minute plus.  The interior is fairly big.  There's fish section, Mexican section, beef section, dessert section, salads, etc. etc.  It's by a shopping plaza and there's plenty of parking.  The quality certainly beats Hometown Buffet and is  perhaps around the level of Wood Grill Buffet.  About three of my friends and I came here as there was a two for $20 special going on.  The meat was juicy, I loved the chocolate-dipped strawberries, and the general variety of it all really makes this place.  The layout of the interior isn't the best admittedly. The lines can snake around haphazardly where people would accidentally find themselves cutting in line while getting meat.  Pretty good for a buffet place.  Admittedly, I tend to avoid buffet places.
1	My hubby and I have been wanting to try GC since it opened in our area. He had raved about one he visited in OR a couple years ago and couldn't wait to take me. We tried to visit a couple times, but we're turned off by the insanely looooong line, so we left. We figured that maybe our timing was just off...nope. This place aaaaalways has a line out the door. so we finally decided to suck it up and stand in line tonight, which wasn't as long as before so the wait was semi-tolerable. We weren't in line but 3 mins when some guy who had stepped out for a smoke tried to excuse himself through the front door to get back to his table and was stopped by some big burly dude-with-a-tude. This guy was like 3 times the size of this little old man...i mean, come on! you're seriously going to pick a fight with a man who is just tryin to fin his way back to his family? So from the get-go, the experience wasn't very welcoming...After waiting approx 15 mins (an extremely short wait time for this place only because it was just before closing time) we paid and sat down. The lighting was so bright I swear they used daylight bulbs in the drop down lamps. (not exactly the ambiance I would prefer while eating dinner out with my family...I sent my hubby and baby to the buffet while I used the little girls room. To my horror, none of the stalls had sanitary toilet seat covers, or toilet paper!! Good thing I carry tissue in my purse, but what about the other patrons that don't? I'll leave that I your imagination...and statistically about 35% of Americans don't wash their hands after using the toilet. As if that isn't nasty enough, while I was using the facilities, I was forced to listen to the woman in the stall next to me regurgitating her dinner. So gross!!! Trying to get past my disgust, I sat back down at the table where my hubby and baby were enjoying their dinner. I told myself, if they can enjoy it, so can I. Besides, we already paid so I didn't really have a choice. So I heard the main reason people visit GC is for their steak but I can't eat red meat, so there went that. The other food was mediocre an most of the noodle dishes were swimming in goo... :-0To top it all off, before I sat back down at the table, I spotted an ant crawling across the tabletop. At that point, I just choked down my food and tried to enjoy my family's company. Overall, not a place I will ever visit again nor will I recommend it. If you enjoy waiting in long lines with low class people and don't mind wiping your butt with your hand...this place might suit you. Otherwise, steer clear.
4	ok people  this is one of the best places i've been to in a long time , , good  food selection ,plenty of parking . friendly helpfull staff and servers , big props to our server vanessa , great sense of humer  and service ethics, great job well done , ok down to the food it s has only been open a short time lets see how they hold up in the quality dept. today it was great , reason i didnt give 5 stars  is room for growth
3	Drove by today, on a Monday, at around 11 am and saw that there was absolutely no line outside so we decided to come here for lunch. For those of you who have been here or live in the area, you know this is a miracle! The past few times I've driven by, the line was literally out the door and wrapped around the corner (over 50 people in line) and I've heard that you have to wait over 30 minutes just to get inside. As far as the food goes, you get what you pay for, and you're paying less than $10 for a buffet, so it's A-OK. Compared to Hometown buffet, it's definitely better in quality. Everything tastes fresh and you can see the chefs cooking behind the counters. The chocolate fountain and cotton candy are the icing on the cake and I also loved that they had butter pecan ice cream. As you can tell... I love desserts, and didn't care much for the food, but the cheesy biscuits were amazing! (Reminds me of the ones from Red Lobster.) Overall, a pretty good deal for the price.
2	Lines are WAY too long for overly salty foods. I guess people only come here for the cheap prices. For some reason, I prefer Hometown Buffet more but I am the only one haha. Although the chocolate dipped strawberries are kinda fun!
3	Since this is the only GC within several hours driving distance, they always have a long line. Of the several times I've gone there has been a wait outside the door, from 1.5 hours on opening day to as little as15 minutes during their 'slow' times. They are very accommodating to parties large and small. Notably their food selection and quality are far above their local competitor Hometown Buffet. They always have food ready despite many people eating at one time. I'm a huge fan of the cheddar biscuits. My gf is fond of all the dessert offerings including the chocolate fountain. The downside to this location is the small seating capacity. Perhaps that is why they always have a long line. Prices are similar to HTB. The time I would go is during breakfast. Food during this time awesome. Either way I would recommend this place if you want to stuff your face and be ushered out in a wheelbarrel. Top stars for the food, 1 star for the wait. Add more seating capacity!
5	The food was good and very reasonably priced. However, it is not so good that it warrants a 1 hour wait. When the line stretches out the door and around the block, I go elsewhere. Guess what?!!! There is a Souplantation about a block away!
4	The first thing I noticed was the line. I ended up waiting half an hour to be seated on a Saturday afternoon. At least for one visit, it was worth it. Golden Corral emphasizes freshness and quality. A definate improvement over Hometown Buffet. To top it off, a very excellent assortment of desserts. I'll have to come back for the dinner buffet, as it features cooked to order steaks among other things.
5	LOVE THAT THEY ARE BACK!  Great place with awesome food.  The staff is great and pay attention to details.  ALL YOU CAN EAT STEAK how can it be any better?  Great prices 2 adults and 2 kids eat for under $40.....AWESOME.Only drawback is there are long lines, BUT SO WORTH THE WAIT.
3	The place was ok. Got enchiladas and they were dry got some fries same issue dry or they felt like they've been sitting there for a while. The Mac and cheese was ok. This place is similar to hometown buffet but Golden Corral is a tad bit better. Didn't get to try the fountain, but next time I go for sure ill try it:)
3	Golden Corral was an interesting experience for me; I didn't really know what the hype was about. My visit started with an hour-long wait with my friends...just to get inside of the building. Once inside, I realized that the reasons why it took so much time was because people were getting drinks and paying before getting seated (it was also dinner time). Parties with larger numbers stood and waited as more seating became available. I must give them props for being able to accommodate my group of 12. The thing I was most excited about was the fresh cooked steak and the salad bar. I also enjoyed the Creole, down-south flavoring for most of the food; they also have a taco bar and "Chinese" food section. The food reminded me of when I went to New Orleans a while back. The only thing missing were the beignets ;) Overall, the food was mediocre, I really enjoyed the popcorn shrimp the most. Everything else was lacking salt, or needed less of it. Pros:-Large variety of food (compared to Hometown Buffet)-Good deal for the price-$11.48 for dinner buffetCons:-Long wait-Food was okay-Not completely self-serve, waittress/waiter brings refills ( could be a pro?)I would go again, mostly because IT IS a great deal, especially if you're hungry!! :)
5	Worth the wait in line, for $9 I had a full meal plus seconds, salad and  dessert, don't listen to the people complaining about the wait, it's clean the staff is good and the food is fresh.
4	For the price and the variety of items it's definitely worth it. Minus the high sodium! Plus the fresh cotton candy and DARK chocolate fountain!
5	Had seen GC adverts on TV for about three years and was bummed out that there was no GC in the area.   These ads were on some of the channels on Direct TV and was wondering why show these if no one can go to GC?  I figured one day they'll open one up locally and they are only showing commercials getting us ready to go when they open.  Driving on the 60 freeway to Fry's Electronics I could not believe my eyes, saw a GC billboard saying they are open in Industry.  Instantly I knew I had to go. Oh yeah I have a friend in Miami who goes to GC all the time.  So he said how good it was and when they opened here it was another reason to go.  Don't have to go to Miami for this! We tried to go one evening but there was a line about 40 people deep out the door so we skipped.  Well today we got to go for lunch.  Line about 30 people deep out the door but we said let's go any way.   Took about 30 mins to get to the register then we sat down.  Was it all I expected?  Yes, I loved it so did my wife and my friend.   I saw some negative reviews, I didn't read them but from the lack of stars it's obvious some people didn't like the place.  Well the price was right and the food was great.  The employees there were very nice and helpful.  I can't see why I would not go again.  It's worth the wait in line in my opinion.   There is a good variety of food and deserts.  The fried chicken is perfect.  Golden crispy on the outside and really juicy inside.  My wife loves the Bourbon Chicken.  I could go on and on about the different dishes.  I suggest you guys just go and try it out.  It's way better than Home Town Buffet.  What HTB has on them is they have an Icee Machine but so what, I love Icee but you know what the GC is far superior so I'll stick to GC.  HTB used to be really good though but over the years it started to become of less quality as it was years ago.  I hope HTB does well, don't get me wrong but GC is the place for me to be.
3	Not entirely sure what the big deal about Golden Corral is, but i guess it's a buffet with super low prices.  I will say that it's good value for money...I mean, $10 and you can eat pretty much anything, including steak?  Yeah, even the old fat kid in me approves of this.The quality of the food is slightly better than Hometown Buffet, and there definitely are more options.  But for all the hubbub about the steak, I didn't think it was particularly impressive.  Guy cooking it doesn't even know how to cut it.  In general though, the food is good for a buffet and I have no complaints.  Also not a fan of how they structured the steak line...it's pretty much right in the middle of the seafood section.  Can get confusing.I don't know if I'd come here again though...don't think I can stomach waiting an hour for any restaurant anymore.
3	Golden Corral to me is pretty much a step up from Hometown Buffet.It wasn't anything too special or too great. Overall, it was moderate to me.Likes:- The variety of food that they have, much more than any other buffets I've been to. They have foods from Chinese, Italian, American, Dessert, Salads, Fruits, etc.- Cotton candy! Brings back childhood memories haha- The ice cream section was pretty neat because you can actually pick from 6 flavors & they have an employee that scoops for youDislikes:- Although there was a lot of variety, they were all pretty bland & flavorless to me.- The pasta was OKAY... not enough flavor- The steak was pretty tough, hard to get it down my throat (don't get dirty.....)- The mini hamburgers were cute but the meat was pretty burnt, so I felt as if I was eating charcoal :\I honestly wouldn't go back here unless I was really in the mood to eat buffet & this was the only one close by ...
4	Surprise surprise! I love Golden Corral, yes I said it. There were a lot of obstacles in my way that could have changed my rating, but the quality of the food, the variety, the price and the wonderful service really came through for them.The long wait before you can even enter the restaurant could be a big dealbreaker for a lot of people, we waited for about 25-30 mins before we got seated, not bad at all.The crowds inside the restaurant itself could drive a person insane, you want personal space, not in here, there is no personal space at all, everyone is in your face and walking in front of you, back of you, side of you, stepping on you, it's a mad house in there.If you can get over these issues, the food is really good and there is something for everyone, you cannot go wrong. So much to choose from, it was awesome, I loved it.The service was excellent, we had Joanne from Texas with a sweet little accent and she was great, just a lovely lady. Very attentive, our drinks never ran empty, the plates never piled up, she had such a great attitude, she made the meal even more enjoyable.Don't let the lines scare you, just be patient and you will be rewarded.
4	Came here for the first time and loved it! For a lunch price of around $9, it was definitely worth it. Downsides include the semi-long wait and the crowded walkways with kids frantically running around. But hey, it adds to the buffet environment! With a chocolate fountain bar and a cotton candy machine, I would recommend anyone with a sweet tooth to stop by. Not to mention, there was a variety of food. Nothing fancy but nothing nasty either. For the price, why not give it a try?
3	The food is good for the price, $10.95 + drink. The qualify of the food is pretty good. The steak station was awesome, steak any way you want whether you want medium rare, medium, etc... The salad station very fresh.  The service is great, the waitresses come and clean up often and refills your drink for you.MAJOR CON: The wait is around 2 hours long!!!! Be prepare to wait for a very long time and don't get too anxious once you get inside, there's another 30 minutes wait inside.
4	It was great and cheap. I mean what do expect with$10? There's ice cream, cotton candy, and a huge chocolate fountain. The best is the steak. It's juicy and marinated just right. Yummy!
4	I've come here twice, first time was probably all hype, cause the second time i came around it started to taste just like hometown buffet.Basically thats all GC is , an improved upgraded version of hometown buffet.For around the same price, becareful at the door where they have beverages, they do charge for it.( a big more if you decide to grab the to-go cup as well)Service is way above hometown buffet as they come by regularly , seem very sincere about serving and making your time there as pleasant as possible.They do re-fill your drinks for you , unlike hometown which you do yourself.The food there is pretty average-good the steak and salad bar are my favorites!Go see for yourself and see what you guys think!
2	ummm.. what the eff... How does this place have such a high rating? Did not live up to expectations. failed badlySo I was reading peoples reviews before I went here. I was pretty excited to get some steak and watch them cook it in front of me. But guess what?? This was no where to be found!l I told some friends that I went to Golden Corral and they did not have any steak and there response was "then whats the point of going to golden corral." Lesson learned. I'll ask the people leaving if they have steaks. And the rest of the food is not even that good. Lacks flavor.Service: It was alright.Will I be back? Maybe. I might just go to hometown buffet or souplantation next time.
2	Disappointing.  Long wait with many people jumping the line.  Good variety of food but most of it was below standard.  My small piece of steak was tender and tasted good but vegetables were cold.  Fried chicken was dry and hard.  Must have been cooked earlier in the day and kept warm.  Many of the stations were empty for long periods including the rotisserie chicken, braised beef/pot roast, lasagna, orange chicken and pizza.  Reasonable deserts and attentive server were a plus.  Come on management, get things sorted out.  Will not be returning soon.
4	The 3 times I have visited this place it is always a "HUGE"line which is not always a "BAD" thing, the food is pretty yuy for the $$. It's funny I think some of the bad reviews I have read of this place is probably the employees of the nearby Hometown buffett"
2	So i finally gave in to the hype and decided to wait in line for this place on a Friday evening (probably one of the worst times to come). I ended up waiting an hour and by the time i got to the food i was starving. I tried a good amount of the food and to be honest this was extremely disappointing. The food here was very sub par and certainly does not justify the ridiculous wait time. Food was either bland, salty, or not cooked properly. I do give them credit for having great service, but unfortunately i came in for the food...not the waiters.
4	Alright guys you guys are being to harsh in GC sure the food and stuff might not be the best in the world. But think about it what do you expect from a 10 dollar buffet? So overall I was satisfied not as bad as people say because it is indeed a cheap buffet but yeh not the best thus the 4 star.
1	Food was so bad my daughter threw up and we all have the runs, the chicken served was more than just pink, not only that but it was ALL very blan. I have had MUCH better... So don't believe all the hype, and so not worth the 1 1/2 hour wait..... This place should be called the stable, because all of the mess and pigs that go there and eat the slop. It was very uncomfortable sitting under the bright lights and witness the mess.... What a disappointment !!!!!!
2	Since I have never been a big fan of buffet places outside of Las Vegas, my expectations for this place were not very high. After driving into the parking lot and saw that the line was literally out the door and nearly half the length of the building outside, I was hoping that there would be a reason why all these people were standing in line to eat here. Maybe this place would be better than the cafeteria-type food I was expecting...We had a party of 8 and only 7 had arrived, but the cashier was nice enough to let me pay for our 8th person so they wouldn't have to wait in line to join us inside. This place has very few tables for parties larger than 4, so we were seated at 2 adjoining 4-person tables. It was a Friday night and the place was CROWDED. Each of the various stations had quite a line, but I made it a point to try a sample of each place.The salad bar and dessert bar were both pretty standard, with the dessert bar featuring novelties such as real ice cream (as opposed to a soft-serve machine) and cotton candy, as well as a chocolate fountain. The fresh breads section was fairly good. I enjoyed the garlic cheese biscuits and my friend said that the yeast rolls were great too. Most of the other food was rather normal or sub-par. Not very different from your run-of-the-mill Hometown Buffet in terms of quality, and with similar selections. The steak line was pretty long, but the cook would only serve "rare" or "well done" even when asked for medium rare or something else. The well done was overcooked and the rare was very rare. A lot of the fried food, such as the steak fries, fried shrimp, and fried chicken were good, but a lot of the other times, such as the mac and cheese, corn on the cob, and veggies lacked flavor and just screamed "frozen food from Costco!" Not cool. I'd skip most of the "ethnic dishes" as well unless you don't mind the lack of authenticity or good taste in general. Since the place was constantly busy, it was understandable that the restaurant was a MESS. Our table must've had lil kids eating on it before us, because the seats and underneath the table were covered in crumbs and leftover food. Not a big deal for me, but moreso for our resident clean-freak. So overall...The good: The service was great and friendly. Props to the cashier for seating us without our entire party being present. Service was great. Our server was friendly, quick, and courteous. One extra star thanks to Brittany for her great service. At $12 for dinner, you can have a ton of food on a relatively low budget. The bad: Most of the food was very average, and some of the food was just not good at all. The ugly: The place is very busy and always seems to be packed, so be prepared to wait if you coming during a busy lunch or dinner period. Messy and crowded. Has the ambience of a cafeteria.
1	I really have to write an update with one star because after going there for the 3rd time, I sense they consistently will have tomatoes and baby corn not looking appealing.  I ate one piece of tomato, and it didn't seemed fresh to me.  I also sense they consistently will bake desserts that doesn't taste good.  The brownies are funky.  However, the cake with the white frosting and reddish color on the dough is good.  As for the wholesale bought ice cream, I love the cookies and cream flavor.  It is so good that I'm willing to line up and ask for it at least 3 times.  What will always be good are the peaches because I believe they are bought in cans.  As for being not worth eating, it is the watermelons because they aren't as sweet as other times I've eaten them whether at home or another restaurant.If you are planning to come here, be aware that the seating area/arrangements are not as spacious as I think it should be.  They apparently know what they're doing since people are willing to wait to eat here.
3	First time here with the family for a birthday, wasn't expecting too much considering its a buffet. Service could've been better, our server only served us one at a time for drinks (I was left alone completely) but it was busy so a tad bit understandable. Food was sub par but again it's a buffet so what can you do. Would only recommened if you're not picky about not receiving quality service or food.
3	Ok so here we go. Being from TX Golden Corral is not a popular choice for me because of all the other great buffets such as Furrs and Ryans. Golden Corral is a big chain and all over the place but with that being said I tried it because there are no Furrs or Ryans in CA and I heard this place just opened. Everything here is typical of what they do in TX  except 1. the long lines (unheard of), 2. They don't bring rolls to your table, 3. The service is not good at all. I hardley ever tip and service must be awful for me not to (my tip for the waiter--smile and act like you want me to be happy) The food selection is as I expected not much of  choice compared to a Furrs. This is cool if you have some time to spend and chat with friends and family but I caution you on the long lines. Tip: If you plan on going for dinner, take some chairs, blanket, books and pack a lunch! The lines are horrible and I have never seen such long lines at a Golden Corral ever!
3	This place is a mad house BUT the food is better than decent and they have a large variety. Everything seems to be made fresh in house and the service people are responsive.
1	Worst. Restaurant. Ever.I saw long lines here ever since they opened, so I finally decided to check them out. The building is nice and the decor was what you would expect of a newer restaurant. However, the food was very mediocre and not edible. I left the restaurant feeling a little sick to my stomach, and as I'm writing this, I'm still wondering what I even ate there. There were also ants hidden in between the napkins on the table.I still don't get why there are long lines here, and I probably won't ever be back here again. Go eat somewhere else - your body will thank you later!
1	You know what? I really had high hopes for this place because I saw their commercials all the time but the closest Golden Corral was like in Apple Valley which unless I'm on my way to Vegas I will not visit and even on the way to Vegas I wouldn't stop here. So here's the deal. Don't waste your time in line. There is nothing inside that is worth going in. The place is over-hyped and overrun by some of the ghetto-ist looking people in my life. I don't know if it was just my luck or what but in an area that is mostly Asian there was a fairly large population of cholos there. Its what I imagine a prison cafeteria would look like if decorated by Denny's. The line for the steak is long and it was a tough piece of cow. The salad bar didn't seem fresh and the dessert area was kind of messy. The seem well staffed but people are pigs. That's what it felt like too, like cattle herded to the trough. Maybe that's the Corral part. What really grossed me out was when I got some fried shrimp and one fell out of its bin on to the steam table. I left it there because it should be tossed. No longer edible right? Nope. A worker with bare hands tossed it back into it bin. Freaking gross, glad it didn't hit the floor. Never again! Bathroom was dirty too. Our waitress was really nice but she was extremely busy because of the crowd. I would rather go to Hometown buffet and I hate Hometown. If I want a salad bar, its the Sizzler in West Covina for me.
3	I'm always looking for a cheap, but filling post-workout meal.  You know, after a strenuous workout, your appetite becomes insatiable and ravenous. For me, I look for plenty of protein, plenty of vegetables, $10 or less.  With an athletic mindset, it becomes a matter of nutrition over taste.  A buffet like this fits the criteria... but as with most buffets, nothing stands out as "tasty."  I'm fascinated by the dichotomy presented between Golden Corral and Soup Plantation.  If you've been to the Souplantation that is a 3-minute drive from Golden Corral, the parking lot tends to be filled with mostly Japanese imports and German luxury cars.  Their customers are mostly skinny Asians, and I'm guessing half of them are vegetarian by religion.Drive up into Golden Corral, and you'll be searching for a parking spot among huge trucks and SUV's.  At the busiest hour, the line fetches to outside, with mostly obese people.  You don't have to go to Weight Watchers to watch weight. There is lots of it to look at here.  You'd almost wonder if Comic-Con decided to have a luncheon here.   It's a reminder of the tragedy of America: when 50% of the country is overweight, and skinny jeans is the current fad. Okay okay, there are a few Asians here.  Either really plump ones.  Or old-timers.  We're talking old-timer survivors who likely ditched China when Mao took over.  We're talking old-school Chinese who built their wealth because they constantly lived on frugal survival mode.  The kind who make $10 Million, and spend $2 on food a year, because any minute, their personal economy might hit famine-mode like  refugees in Taiwan circa 1936.  Hibiscus and Horchata drinks were charging for $2.50.  That's 50 cents more than El Taco Nazo... and that horchata is not horchata.  It took me a while to name the flavor, 'cause it was neither rice nor cinnamon.  It was a flavor that I haven't had in nearly 2 decades.  Their horchata is tastes like dehydrated milk, or baby formula.  Talk about G-H-E-T-T-O.   Lunch buffet price worked out to nearly $9 with tax inclusive.  That's not horrible. if you're just trying to load up on protein and other nutrients.  You're definitely not coming here to expand your culinary horizons.  So the food... I was really disappointed for lunch's steak offerings.  They had sirloin, cooked well-done, well-done, and well-done.  I had to make do with their house-steak sauce, which is almost as good as Norm's steak sauce.  That's not sayin' much.  But the fun thing about buffets is the ability to create your own frankenstein monster meal.  The "Mexican" station had guacamole, taco meat, tortilla chips, salsa, etc.  So think of it this way... instead of buying super nachos from Alberto's for $8, you can just come here and customize your own.  But in the name of health, I skipped the chips (and the Italian pasta station).  Better yet, you can customize their burger sliders.  Lord knows how bland it is.  So I took the liberty to stuff the burger sliders with ground beef, guacomole, nacho cheese.  Another with buffalo wing meat, and shrimp cocktail sauce.  There's potential for adventurousness.  The salads, like the romaine and red leaf are edible.  I just wish they had more vinegar varieties like Souplantation.The desserts are... passable, and pure fattening.  Apple pie ain't bad, and you can get just about everything served a la mode.  A chocolate fountain is around, to dip your cakes, strawberries, and bread pudding in.  Cotton candy is available.  Service otherwise was okay.  When we got food, a waitress came back with a new reconstitued milk "horchata," even though I barely took a sip of the previous glass.  Was that foresight, or laziness?   =)Either way, we'll just say that I managed my nutrient quota of 60 g of protein, and 36 g of fiber.
1	i dont like anything about this place.the line...30 min till closing and there is still a line out the door? i cannot comprehend.the quality of foodfor the vegas style wait, it was not worth it.it is crowded and loudat least 4 people/kids ran into meif you eat a lot and want a variety of ok food, this is the place for you
1	Gross, gross, gross, gross, gross!!! Poor quality, though I thought it was really cool that they had a chocolate fountain and cotton candy. However, even those were really disgusting... I didn't really like anything. Food quality is the same as home town. I really don't know how people are saying it's better... I could make better food at home.. Line is ridiculous. Please go during an weird hour if you really, really want to try this place (like I did..) because you will be extremely furious to have waited two hours to eat this mediocre crap. The only thing that made me happy here was that there was a birthday and the guy leading the staff into singing happy birthday accidently announced it was home town buffet about three times before getting it right. LOLOL.
3	We saw the commercials, we see the giant line outside, and finally... We get to try this for ourselves. It was maybe about 2pm or so, and we were going to grab lunch. Driving home to Walnut, we see the line wasn't too long. It was about a 30-min+ wait to get to the front to pay and get our drinks (yes, the drink dispensers are at the front before you pay) and not too long, we have a table to begin feasting. Don't worry about refills, the waiter/waitress working your section gets those for you.I'll give them props for variety, there's PLENTY to choose from to eat here. American food, Asian food, Mexican food... I love the fried chicken here, pretty darn delicious. The garlic cheese biscuits were pretty good too. Want to liven up your boring Caesars Salad? Head to the baked potato section and throw a couple of spoons of chopped bacon pieces! Lol! Bacon makes everything better, right? I like the hush puppies (and I sure miss a local Long John Silvers, sadface). All-you-can-drink horchata and agua fresca de jamaica. The only Asian foods I tried were the fried rice and egg rolls... The fried rice is a disappointment - let me tell you, Panda Express does better fried rice compared to this, and Panda's is a heavily Americanized fried rice. Steaks are cooked to order, and you see people preparing and cooking! Pizza and garlic cheese breads are alright. I love house they made slider mini burgers. I thought the ere pretty dry, the chocolate cream pie was ok, not Marie Callendar's quality. Cotton candy, and the scoop-able ice cream seem to be hits, from long lines. And people can't get enough of that chocolate fountain.Lunch wasn't too bad for about $8+ a person. Don't let the wait drag you down. If you have a big group, might have to split up to get faster seating. I can say for sure that the food was better than what Home Town Buffet has... They have some serious competition/quality to go against.Thanks, Golden Corral, for lunch! Breakfast looks good, will have to try that sometime.
3	I came here on a Tuesday afternoon before a holiday at 4pm. There was no line outside of the building, but crowded inside. I would believe this is equivalent as Hometown Buffet. I left around 6pm, there were a lot less people eat and pretty much no line. When I go up to get steak, I've always gotten a small piece with the fatty parts. One time I asked for medium rare, and gotten a piece that was straight up raw. I saw a lot of people going for the mac and cheese. I believed that it was going to be good, so I got myself a good serving, and a small portion of that was cold.I'd probably come here again if there wasn't a line.
1	Food sucks!  Horrible!!! Won't go again!
2	If  you enjoy massive quantities of mediocre to substandard food with nonexistent service, you will like this place.  I am torn between one or two stars, but will give them two.  This place just opened and so is cleaner than Hometown Buffet.  I hated the fat dried out steak that required a wait in line, bad popcorn shrimp, and the tough fried fish.  The fried chicken, barbeque chicken, and rotisserie chicken were blah, but edible.  Some of the food is mislabeled.  Dessert selection was poor with few choices for a buffet restaurant.Staff appeared somewhat disorganized.  We arrived early, but had to wait in a long line.  The waiter took forever to pick up the used plates.  I sometimes find it wise to bus my own plates.We had to get our drinks before paying, which really slows the line down.  You pay an extra $1.99 for a drink or even more for a drink to go.  They charge $5 per pound if you chose take out.Pretty amazing just to sit there and watch people stuff themselves, but will pass next time.
1	THIS PLACE SUCKS! Why? Because my girlfriend and I found a bug in her salad!!! And the manager pretty much just forced me to come back by giving me a free buffet meal next time card! Why not a full refund like most places? Because they know they screwed up and their place sucks, and the only way to make sure they keep the money, is by forcing me to come back again. Anyways, here's more details to this event.It's our 1 year anniversary, and we decided to have lunch before going to Disneyland at the Golden Corral. We had never been to one before so this was our first time. Everything was going smooth, we were seated pretty quickly, the food looked decent, and the servers were real attentive. During my second plate of food, my girlfriend was eating her salad and then she suddenly stopped and gagged. I asked her what was wrong and she was covering her mouth with one hand as if to throw up and pointed with the other at her plate. I looked closely and there it was, a dead bug on her plate. I signaled to the manager, Aaron Skelton, according to the business card he gave me. He came over looked at the plate and agreed that it indeed was a bug and that he would notify the kitchen right away.After having been gone for pretty much 5 minutes, he came back but instead of telling us what was going on he kinda walked off away from us, even though I knew he saw us. So I finally managed to catch him, and he told me that he was gonna give me a free meal. I'm sitting there thinking, Wtf? why not give me a full refund? But I thought he meant he would refund me, therefore giving me a free meal, but that was my mistake. Five more minutes went by and he didn't come back. My girlfriend was getting tired of waiting so I signaled for the waiter to find out what was going on. He comes back and tells me that the manager is coming back.Finally the manager comes back, tells me he's very sorry for what happened and that I have to understand with having produce there will be bugs and whatnot and that it may happen. He gave me a business card with his contact info and a message saying free buffet meal. I was very disappointed but still tipped the server because it wasn't their fault.I left the place very angry at the fact that the manager chose to give me a free meal card, meaning he wanted to force me to come back, instead of letting me choose based on their service and quality. What did that tell me? They know they suck, and the only way to make sure they keep your money is by giving you the free buffet crap card. THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR RUINING OUR FIRST VISIT AND OUR ONE YEAR ANNIVERSARY! WE HAD TO ORDER FOOD ELSEWHERE BECAUSE WE WERE TOO DISGUSTED TO EAT ANYTHING ELSE FROM HERE!!!This place sucks! I warn you: DO NOT GO HERE! Don't be deceived by the long lines like we were. It's just like Hometown buffet, minus a few things, but other than that the food quality is about the same. The sanitary conditions are horrible too! Servers will pick up your dirty plates and food off the table one second, and then grab a clean cup to give someone a drink the next, without washing their hands. This is a real visit and testimonial. YOU WILL BE DISAPPOINTED! If you don't believe me, well then good luck to you and I hope you don't get sick or find a bug in your salad.UPDATE: Also, if you have been there, you'll notice that their employees don't wash their hands after handling dirty dishes sometimes. One of our servers pretty much cleaned off a table with dirty dishes, and came back to refill our drinks, never washing his hands ONCE! So I will be reporting this to the public health department of Los Angeles and make sure they know about what a shitty/dirty place this is.
2	been waiting to try this place since they always have long line for the past 2 months.Got my chance to try it after my costco trip.the line move quicky ,but i think the food in my gut moved faster.This place is a hit and miss on the food, corn bread was bad,but the chicken was good, steaks where ok,but the pudding was better.My taste buds where like..WTF ? GIVE ME SOMETHING TO WORK WITH HERE !.Im giving this place a 2 star just because they had something they called food and a place to sit.I suggest going to woodgrill in norwalk or sizzler
3	I don't know why, but there is nearly always a line out the door and wrapped around the poles inside like a Disneyland ride for this place. It has a wide variety of food that everyone is bound to find something they like from a salad for appetizer to ice cream cones and a chocolate fountain for dessert. For a buffet, they actually have some pretty tasty main dishes and sides. Overall, I liked it, but would I wait an hour in line for it again? Most likely not.
1	So I just got off work and my boyfriend and I were starving. We initially thought of OLIVE GARDEN! Unfortunately the wait was 20 mins. Again, we were starving...NO CAN DO. Anyway, we decided to go to Golden Corral since it was next door and the line was decent for dinner (so they say). We said, what the heck...we'll wait for a little bit. At least it's an all you can eat buffet! Upon getting my first plate, I was super excited. This was my first time and I wanted to see what the hype was all about. To sum it all up...THIS PLACE SUCKS! I'm sorry but I've eaten at most of the restaurants in this neighborhood and almost every single one is bomb! It wasn't the case for this spot! How can you really mess up on fried rice? It was horrible! It left a weird nasty after-taste in my mouth. The rice pilaf was bland and dry that I had to add butter to make it somewhat decent. Fried chicken tasted like cardboard and you can tell that it's frozen! Clam chowder was thin and salty. My medium rare steak was so dry and tough that when I attempted to cut it, my cheap fork bent! Mint chocolate chip ice cream tasted like topical anesthesia from the dentist! Peach cobbler's dough was starchy and gross! Ugh! The only thing that I loved was the honey butter biscuits and the meatloaf wasn't bad either. That's about it though. Pretty sad that out of all those choices, I only found two great things. I'm not a picky eater and my palette is pretty open but I sure do know what quality food taste like and this obviously isn't it. I'd take quality over quantity any day! I do not recommend this place unless you want to eat hospital quality food...actually, I take that back...at least hospital food is tasty! Never again will we come back here! And if the restaurant is reading this, we the customers would appreciate better quality food if you're going to charge $12 for dinner and still charge for our drinks too. Unbelievable! I've had many friends that agree with me and they've also had stomach aches from eating here too. Enough said!
2	Don't really know why the line was out the door.The food was really heavy and I felt like rolling outside  the door afterwards because I was so bloated. Figures, I mean I DID go to a buffet ;)But in all seriousness it is simply a Hometown Buffet... with a chocolate fountain. Nothing spectacular.
3	The line was pretty long, we waited about 45 mins. The food was pretty decent. It's almost like Home Town Buffet. The place was pretty crowded, and a lot of people. The price was pretty cheap.....But, I don't know if I'll ever go back again. Because of the long line....
4	Why is there always a line out the door? Because it's about 9 dollars for AYCE lunch...and this is 'merica, so if you're coming here expecting pristine food, go somewhere else. If you want to get full and bloated, come right in.It's 2 steps up from Hometown Buffet and the Chinese buffets around the area. What I liked is the variety. Salad, Chinese food, BBQ, Mexican, dessert and bread section...I'm missing something...Italian! I think it was called the bourbon street chicken? Get that. Poke a bunch of strawberries/marshmallows/whatever on a stick before you lather it in chocolate. People are waiting to get at that chocolate fountain.
5	First off this is NOT a 5 Star restaurant, nor does it endeavor to be. My rating is in comparison to other casual buffets. I've been to more buffets then I care to admit, including many Golden Corrals while traveling around the country. Honestly, I'm not sure what all the negativity is about. The store is kept very clean, especially considering the volume of customers. We got there around 3 on a Wednesday and there were no lines, but it was already crowded inside. The food is good quality (better than many of their competitors) and there's a large variety to choose from. The Mexican and Chinese food are not their strong points, but still add to the selection. The salad and desert bars are very extensive, featuring cold shrimp, strips of steak and crumbled blue cheese and chocolate fondue, cotton candy and hand scooped ice cream, respectively.I truly think that all the bad reviews are just written by people who dislike buffets, which is fine, but that being the case why would you go there in the first place and then complain about it? If you like buffets this is one of your best bets. With the quality and selection offered it's hard to believe lunch is just over 8 bucks, which is probably why the line is often out the door. In all fairness, there are some downsides. The crowd is a pain and doesn't exactly make for a relaxing meal, but they keep the food well stocked and the lines moving as best as they can. I'm not crazy about the buffet set up where all the food is in a row as opposed to the various scatter bars. It's not as convenient and creates line ups. I really don't care for having the drink bar at the counter before you pay. It takes longer to check out and it's tiresome waiting for the overworked staff to bring you refills. I never order a drink as it costs more and they only serve Pepsi products--ick, but we were low on water several times. In short, it you're looking for an affordable meal with a variety large enough to please your whole family, then this is the place for you. If you want a quiet meal, with stunning ambience and gourmet food it will most likely cost you over $10.  :)
2	Honestly, what is the fuss about? I came here today around 2 oclock with my mom because she wanted to see what the restaurant was about since there's always a long line. Thankfully, there was no line around the time i went. Well to begin with, i didnt like the fact that you had to get your own fountain drink before you pay. People were literally shoving me when I was still pumping my soda. As for the price, I paid $8.95 plus $1.99 for my beverage. I was honestly excited about this ayce lunch. When i got my first plate of food, I already knew what I was in for. The food was bland. Popcorn shrimp was okay. French fries were stale, at the same time as being saturated with oil. mash potatoes taste like they came out of a box. friend chicken was alright. The pot roast was probably the best selection i made there. It was soft and flavorful, although there were a bunch of fatty pieces hanging on the meat. The enchiladas tasted plain and it was dry. Really? yelpers are gonna give this place 4+ stars? the food was so bland. everyone was lining up and rushing each other like they havent ate in years. everytime i turned around, i bumped into someone. Oh, that reminds me. The SALAD. what the hell? how can you mess up salad? the lettuce werent dry enough so when i added my dressing, it got all watery. the ranch didnt taste exactly like ranch. it tasted like watered down ranch. horrible. even my younger brother was like "what the hell, how come this doesnt taste like ranch?" The dessert selection made it seem like dessert heaven. Too bad it only looked good. It was so sweet. the chocolate brownie tasted off. I dont know, I cant explain it. It just reminded me of the chocolate brownie that they used to serve in middle school. Carrot cake was sweet too. I liked how they had real ice cream instead of the regular soft serve machine. The butter pecan was so sweet, it literally made my tooth ache. I swear, all the desserts were so sweet. After eating it, I sipped my soda and I couldnt even taste it anymore. the cotton candy was hard. i was the first one to grab one when the lady put fresh cotton candy up. i ripped a piece off and had to tug on it like a mothereffer.   its supposed to be soft and melt in your mouth isnt it?!?! i cant even explain how much i regret coming here. after i left this place, i got a massive headache, probably from all the damn sugar i ate. everything in here is NOT healthy. i shouldve gone to olive garden. overall, this place sucks. its a knockoff version of home town buffet.  NEVER AGAIN!!!!and the only reason why i gave an extra star is because our waiter Luis was extra nice and attentive to our table.
5	that's right, 5 stars.  now, BEFORE you go judging me, thinking I've only dined at places where you hafta pump your own ketchup, understand I'm not saying it ranks up there with Nobu, Ruth's Chris, or Chicago style- anything.  what I AM saying is that for the price, you CANNOT beat it!  I'll admit at first I was considering passing on the idea because there was a line out the door with, well, "buffet people."  you know the type.  but buffets will always hold a special place in my heart; on special occasions, my dad used to take my family and all my friends out to the local spot when I was a kid; it's been very nostalgic ever since.  I know I'm not gonna get a bone-in cowboy steak cooked Pittsburgh style or a miso-blackened cod, but I think it was always the variety that I found appealing.and at most modestly priced buffets, that's all it is.  very, VERY average food that looks like it should be served in a nursing home, with a crowd to match.  but this place was different.  yes, there was a line, but I soon discovered why!  the staff, while constantly busy and moving about quickly, was surprisingly courteous.  to whomever I asked a question, they stopped what they were doing and was very helpful.now the real test - the food!  my first plate consisted of the usual supsects - mac 'n cheese (good), pizza (meh), fried chicken (surprisingly good), and a baked potato (decent).  overall, I was pleased with the first round, and the things I didn't like was not because they were cold (like most buffets), I just didn't care for the recipe.  and that's the thing about this place - the one upside to it being so packed is that the food never sits too long!the second plate was even better - although I'm extremely weary of trying anything "Asian" at a buffet, I plated some of the teriyaki steak, which turned out to be very flavorful!  the lo mein was good, and even the sweet 'n sour pork was tasty!  skip the fried rice though.  another scary thing is that they asked me what temp I wanted my steak.  I had to hold back a scoff, but when I cut into it, I was surprised to find it was a true medium!  way to go GC!then I stumbled on to two of my favorites - the seasoned hush puppies and the jalapeno cornbread.  they became my undoing.  I had another round of those and the piping hot, crispy fried chicken and I was DONE.    I was pretty disappointed I had no room for dessert - they had a good selection of cakes, pudding, cookies, and I was really curious about the chocolate wonderfall, but thankfully the cotton candy didn't take much space.  I left feeling the familiar post-buffet-shame, but this time, at least there was with a smile on my face.overall, I spent $15/person for not only the incredible variety, but it was GOOD food!  plus I love that it was broken down into stations "the grill, the wok," etc.  it was like a less pretentious version of Vegas.  they even had the cooks dressed up and preparing fresh produce by the salad station!  this place went above and beyond, and did not disappoint!  jalapeno corn bread, steaks cooked to order, tempura-battered onion rings, 6 flavors of ice cream at a buffet?  who does that??  def will be back, with reinforcements!
4	There's always a line here because the place is worth it. I came her for dinner, waited about 1/2 hour to be seated. Cost about $14 bucks a person if you want a drink.Their variety of food is good, with the dessert bar being the best. Also the waiters refill your drinks which is good. Will come here again. Not 5 starts because they don't really organize the lines of people coming in. Also there was a wait for some of my favorite items.
3	I came here for lunch w/ my folks on a Saturday morning at 11:15 AM - there wasn't a wait time and we were seated immediately!  By 11:30 we saw a line outside, so I'd show up early if you wanna bypass the wait.NOTE - A lot of the stuff during lunch is limited, but for $8 bucks I really couldn't complain.  The salad bar had a few empty trays so they were missing a lot of the fresh fruits/veggies you'd probably get during dinner.  Additionally - the middle station only has chefs grilling the following meats 1) steaks, (2) mini slider-burgers and (3) liver (ran of fish when i got there).  I was hoping they could make full sized burgers or ribs or something, but nothing during lunch.   The steaks were a little too salty tho.  You can get other stuff like Asian foods (orange chicken, some stir fry stuff, fried rice, etc), general Mexican food like enchiladas & build your own tacos, and pizzas.  The desert section is pretty nice w/ lots of ice cream goodies & cotton candy.  Service is good too - they constantly refill your drinks and stuff.  I feel like people who are in buffet's automatically drop 15 IQ points and revert back to caveman status. It's like a freakin' zoo inside man. People will try to cut in line just to get their steak man; some people will bring 5 plates and grab 5 steaks at the grill, there was a mob of kids cutting just to get some cotton candy!  Crazy stuff goes down here man.  I'd like to come during dinner to get the full experience.... (and the full experience means dealing w/ the 'herd' of crazy people lol).   But still... 8 bucks for cheap eats lol.  I'd be back haha.TIPS:-lunch specials are $7.95 Monday-Saturdays-Check your utensils when you eat. Not all of them are clean. Some of the desert bowls near the ice cream machine were dirty too.
2	So there is really nothing special about this place its a generic buffet nothing spectacular excpet maybe the chocolate fountain and even then the marshmellows were stale the only thing good with that is the strawberrys. The food needed more flavor and the waffles were AWFUL the topping was that suger syrup fruit so no thanks. I mean I couldnt expect too much I was just wondering what the line was about and its really not that great. The enviorment was hectic and riduculouse people shoving people for a steak it was just sad and annoying. Overall it was average excpet its true the waiters did ask us if we wanted refills like 30times and they were nice so thats a plus I guess.
2	Ah, there is nothing like a Golden Corral to remind me of the drunk nights I've spent looking for food down in the South. The food here is bad, and the restaurant is full of societal dregs. You will see children of low income families dip their fingers into the chocolate fountain, run around crying,  bump into your food, and yell constantly. Simply put, do not eat here unless you are under the influence of a drug/alcohol, as the experience will be horrible.
4	There is something for everyone in the family...,steak is great, fish also..,,and the cotton candy!
4	Don't arrive here on an empty stomach or hungry! The lines are ridiculous and it seems that they are always giving free 65in TVs due to long lines and might take up to as long as 11/2-2hr (so I heard) to get inside to the cashier. Once past the door and know were you are going to be seated it's time to strap on the feed bag! I'm not much of a buffet fan as I prefer quality over quantity  but it is one of the better buffets I have been too (yes, better than hometown). they constantly have the serving trays full so you can literally try everything and its always fresh and not much time under those crummy heat lamps. They are grilling, cooking and baking in from of you so you can keep an eye out on the dessert section and get it while its fresh out the oven. it's a good place to try and once you get past that long line of people in front of you.
3	Finally a Golden Corral near home!~ I have eaten at the one up at Bakersfield, and that one was very good. So now to try this one! Line is long of course, and prices are cheap for a decent buffet (better than Hometown Buffet!!!). Instead of my GOOD/BAD kind of review, I will pin point each station, as all of them have their positive and negative aspect. Itallian and Chinese were skipped cause they're my frequent eats at home.LINE: I expected a long wait as it was up Central Cali. When it got to the inside of the place for the line, it was way too stuffed once you get to the cash register. There was barely any room to move an inch. They really need to fix this, especially some of us are carrying drinks in our hands. SODA FOUNTAIN: Lots of variety, and a little messy. SERVICE: Pretty attentive at some points, and sometimes not so much. I feel like they shove a waiter/waitress to one area, and just only one waiter/waitress per area, and this place is pretty big. It took awhile to get a refill of my drink cause our waitress was nowhere to be found. She had to take care of the whole side of the room :/ Plus, when we arrived, we notice she also was in charge of cleaning the floors. So they need more staffing and not skimp out or put a soda fountain available for customers to get themselves, cause a lot of people were needing refills and getting upset (no no, not just me).BREAD: Good selections. I really enjoy the buttery cheese biscuits! they're almost like the ones from Red Lobster ^.^ SEAFOOD: I didn't get to taste a lot since they ran out most of the time :[ So I stuck with popcorn shrimp.MEATS: Well, I wanted to try a bbq slider or steak slider, but it keeps running out @.@ MEXICAN: I should of skipped this! At the other GC, I made a fajita and that was enjoyable. In this station, I tasted the enchilada, and it was bland and weird. I guess cause I'm so used to my bf's mom's authentic Mexican cooking. But what really turned me off was their tortilla chips. They're so thin and tasted like paper. Why had they not use corn tortilla?!OTHER: They have sweet baked potato and that was delicious, and OH! real bacon bites for it! YUM! Like actual bacon, not the red hard rock fake ones. I also like their bourbon chicken a lot.DESSERT: My favorite of course. The chocolate fountain, cookies, ice cream, and cotton candy~ BUT for that line for ice cream, it's so disorganized :/ kids and people are cutting in front! And you don't even know if the person in front is going for the swirly ice cream machine or the scooped ice cream.So my expectations were a little high on service and organization, cause the one up Central, is superb than this. Since the place is crowded with lots of fellow diners, it may be a battle to get your favorite dish at each station. Hell, I didn't get to have some fancy fish or them sliders ;_____; and was really dying for a refill on my drink several times. And I wish some employees smiled :/Good cheap prices, nice selection of food, long line. That is all :]
2	This was our first time coming here and we were pretty excited about it. Always see the commercials and wanted to try it out.Was a major let down.There was a crowd out the door which was fine, took us about 30 minutes to get seated. No Problem. Waiter was very nice(which is I gave a bonus star).The food however was a complete letdown. It was cafeteria quality at best. The salad bar was decent but I would warn people away from the shrimp topping. Sadly quality control is pretty substandard. We noticed some funny tastes and when we inquired about it we were told that all fried food shared the same fryers & oil...really added a gross fishy taste to everything that was fried. I guess the biggest draw here is the steak seeing as when we left the line was wrapped all the way to the desert bar. Funny thing is, the steak wasn't that great. Guess people just enjoy the variety of food and being able to pig out as they please regardless of taste.
5	i love the juicy steak! It had the smoky flavor. My parents brought me their and i started with a piece of steak, some pan seared shrimp, and some fried chicken. the chicken soup located at the salad bar was a little too salty, but still tastes good. i spotted this awesome chocolate fountain. i dipped some marshmallows in it and...OMG! it's great!
2	This updated review is for the breakfast buffet only. I live in West LA and breakfast is from 7:30 to 11am so I had to wake up earlier than usual on a Saturday to drive 40 miles to RH to eat their breakfast buffet. Price was 10 cents cheaper than lunch buffet. Food was below par. The only thing I enjoyed was the potatoes and the omelette maker station, where the lady can cook any style omelette you want, even with egg whites! :D I love bacon and no one can screw up making bacon, but the bacon here was sooooooooooooo greasy. At first, I just shoved bacon in my mouth, but after a couple, the oil was just too intense (when you bite in, the oil explodes and your mouth is covered with it), so I just blotted the bacon with napkins. Oil never went away : (Chocolate pancakes and waffle was soggy. Sausages and ham were salty. (I saw a lady eat ham while in line -_-) .. rude. There was milk and juice and cereal. The juice is minute maid brand and the cups were dirty. Gross, clean the plates pls!! Also, please note that the majority of the food here has TRANS FAT. I didn't know until I looked at the nutrition contents on their website. The breakfast foods that have high amounts of trans fat are the blueberry muffins and hash browns. I stayed away.Also, most of the dessert section has some trans fat - cookies, cakes, muffins, etc.. Be cautious, especially when feeding kids. I care about my health and trans fat is the bad kind of fat that never leaves your body. I don't know why I keep coming back here when the food is super unhealthy. But, I now that I've tried breakfast and lunch, I don't think I'll be coming back here. Mainly because the food is soaked in oil. After eating here, I had no energy and felt like sleeping. That's horrible since breakfast is suppose to get you going for the day.
1	Ever since this place opened up, the lines have always extended all the way out pass the door. So I was never able to give this place a try.  That was true, until a couple of days ago. My siblings and I finally decided to give this place a chance and see what all the hype is about. When we arrived, we were happy to see that the line wasn't long!Before paying, you have to get your drink first which I felt slowed down the line. We grabbed our cups and my sister's cup had a lipstick stain on it!!! That's disgusting and makes me wonder how well they wash their dishes. She told one of the employees about it  and the employee had nothing to say. Not even an apology. We reached the cashier and she charged all of us with senior discount by mistake. A mistake we only caught after we had already paid. We were led to our seats, and the first thing we noticed was the foul odor coming from the area where the employees refill drinks for you.  The odor made our experience eating here so much more worse. The food here is extremely mediocre and salty. Listen up folks, if you have diabetes, or high blood pressure you better run for the hills because this place puts a whole lot of salt  in their food and a lot of sugar in the desserts. And for those who continue to eat here, you better be careful!  I am disappointed by the quality of the food. With this buffet, it's quantity over quality. It's not about how good the food tastes, but  how many plates you can eat. I honestly could not finish the food on my plate because it was THAT bad. Take my advice, don't waste your time or money here! It is spent better elsewhere. I know, "You get what you pay for." but that doesn't mean the food has to taste terrible.  The only reason I even gave this place any stars is because of the senior discount.  I would not come here again!
3	I son't know if I will be back here. The wait staff was very nice and on top of things. Always has clean tables and full cups. The food was actually pretty good. We went for dinner, fresh steaks right off the grill however you like them. Rare. Medium rare. Medium etc etc. The other food was good as well. What I have mentioned so far was well worth the price. About $17 with a drink, tax and tip. Why I may not be back, the people. The wait to get in was an hour. (we had a party of 10 mind you) Once inside there were so many ghetto, nasty, dirty people. All races. A million kids running wild. So crowded. You've got to walk through people to get anywhere. So ridiculous. Go to Woodgrill instead. It's in Norwalk. It is further away but still less time than waiting for this place.I think I will have to go back at least once to decide if this place is on my "No Fly" list. Maybe not on a weekend right at dinner lol.
1	The commercials for Golden Corral looked EXTREMELY APPETIZING ! Am not gonna  bore you with a lot of small details about the visit , i just want to tell you about the so called " FOOD" The buffet presentation was great, lots of great color in their food and a large variety. two thumbs up for the Dr. Pepper soda.I couldn't wait to try the Pot Roast and mash potatoes/w gravy.the pot roast was ok but had a starchy taste. The mashed potatoes were GREAT cafeteria food it reminded me of the Sears dept store in Los Angeles, Ca off Soto St. back in the late 60's early 70's.the brown Gravy had me burping for a few hours, yes i kept tasting it HOURS later.the cheese bread was cold and dry  OMG, THE MEATLOAF was actually NO MEAT AT ALL it tasted more like soy and fillers... NO BUENO !!!! its more like MUT loaf if you dare give it to your pet. fish in sauce was BLAND, BLAND , YUCKthe breaded fish was deep fried 10 minutes too long ! Not edible.I had to actually SPIT OUT THE GUACAMOLE in a napkin, ITS NOT AVOCADOS its green but NOT AVOCADOS. I REALLY DONT KNOW WHAT IT WAS. very GROSS !deviled egg had paprika sprinkled on top but the nicely whipped egg yoke was BLAND, BLAND, BLAND NO SPICES AT ALL.clam chower was watery and salty and NO CLAMS , it looked like chowder hummif you LOVE ENCHILADAS like i do OMG be in for a surprise... their filled withNACHO CHEESE SAUCE !!!!  Whos idea was this !!!!  REALLY PEOPLE @ GC ! I took a picture of my plate and you can see that id only took one bite from everything i was TRYING TO EAT.  and the napkin that was on the side of my plate was food that i had put aside because i didnt want the yucky stuff on my plate. This was my FOOD EXPERIANCE @ GC... PEOPLE , JUST KEEP DRIVING !!!!I never liked Hometown Buffet and i cant stand Golden Corral. Sizzler is ok..Ok so heres the boring stuff if you care to continue reading my review.The waitress came to our table and  ask "hows everything " and i spoke up and told her that this was NOT what we had expected she could seen that look in my face and said, i cant do anything about it but i will get the manager...The manager comes to our table and gives us his "song and dance" about "US"  being the first customers EVER to COMPLAIN about HIS food. (obviously he had his guard up before he came to our table) he bragged about how HIS customers have complimented him on HIS food. Hes sooooo surprised that our palate was different from others  ( HUHHHH really dude)  but hes absolutely right about that WE KNOW THE QUALITY OF GOOD FOOD ! This place is for people that dont care about Real Flavor in their food and for the most part i cant help but to think that people that like this slop " DONT KNOW HOW TO COOK" I cant comment on the other foods only because we didn't dare  go back for another SLAP TO THE PALATE !  We were in and out of their so quickly , it was like being on an episode of  THE TWILIGHT ZONE..It was indeed a frighting experience. Its taken me longer to write this review than the actually time we were their . The manager gave us a refund, but its not posting as of yet  in our bank account.TWO THUMBS "DOWN" WAY, WAY ,WAY DOWN !
3	Salty. Better then home town. Busy. Lots of ppl. One of the better buffets. I wouldn't go for dinner though. Very busy.Cheers,-Herbal Tea
4	I've been wanting to eat here for over a month.  Everytime I would go, the line was out the door, so I'd pass. Finally got to eat there today.When entering, it can be a little confusing because they have seats right near the door.  There was a group there, but they were waiting for more people and told me and my mother to go ahead of them.  I've never seen this before, but you get your drink while you are in line.......before you pay.  Thought that was odd.We were looking for somewhere to sit.  The downfall for them is they were not clearing off the tables fast enough.  There were so many tables that needed to be cleared off.  After a while, I guess the evening shift checked in and they got to work on the tables.So many selections for food.  The food that I picked was good, seasoned very well.  During dinner hours, I can understand how it would get so confusing & congested with the lines.  I also noticed they had an allergy alert sign for people who are allergic to nuts.  That was good because that applies to me.  I find I always have to ask when it comes to certain foods.All in all, it was a good outing.  Just have to be aware of what time of the day to go.  Don't think I'll be trying it on the weekend.  But, it's worth checking out.
2	If you've been to a Vegas buffet this is nothing near it. First impression when I came in on a Tuesday night-- wow ghettttooooo! I've been to many buffets, but the food didn't look appetizing at all. I went for a plate and there were a piece of chocolate cake still stuck on it. Im not normally a germaphobe but that made me check twice on the cutlery. It was soooo busy and packed, it seemed like a refugee camps' cafeteria where people haven't eaten before. Good: - good variety for what u pay for- cotton candy- Chocolate fondueWould I recommend waiting in a long ass line? No way. But again, good value for the money: steak (dry medium rare), ribs(dry), ham (dry), spinach n salad bar fresh. Dessert omg super sweet.
2	I only came because my parents wanted to take our relatives from the UK to experience an abundance of American style food.  We first tried a Sunday night around 6:30pm and there was about 1 hour wait and decided to come back on Thursday night at 6:30pm and there was a 30 minute wait.  For a little less than $12 for dinner, (no drink) it's okay.  Yes its one notch better than Home Town, but they're not that hard to beat.  It is busy so you have to be careful with bumping into kids especially.  Some parents allow their kids to run full speed through the restaurant.  When we got in, they did a quick wipe down of our table but they needed to use better table wipes cause it reeked a bit.  With the heat and amount of people in our section, ventilation was also not that great, which had a little bit of that smell you get when you're waiting in a DMV.  As for the food, they don't know how to cook steaks.  My med-rare was med-well.  They just cut slices off the grill not letting steaks rest... which loses all their juices.  It's a sirloin so probably doesn't matter anyways.  Pork ribs are a huge hit or miss.  Don't get the end pieces because its pork jerky, very overcooked.  Only the center bones are descent.  Fried fish, onion rings, and chicken noodle soup were way over salted.I liked their fried chicken...then again I just like fried chicken almost anywhere.I did enjoy the salad and fruit area, which probably isn't anyone's purpose to coming to this place.  Watermelon was sweet and freshly cut.Hand scooped ice cream was a bit on the sweeter side for me.  Hand spun cotton candy was nice.  I can't remember the last time I've ever had that.  Chocolate fountain had kid's hands going in too far and dipping more than just their food so that wasn't very appetizing.  Staff is nice and friendly and were attentive to us.
4	I heard a lot of hype about this place. I had friends that really hate buffets (especially buffets similar to Home Town) tell me how good this place was so I had pretty high expectations.The food here is definitely above Home Town level. You can taste the quality in the ingredients because they don't taste like cardboard; They actually have flavor. Some of my favorite dishes were the Mango Shrimp and Steak. Desserts were very good as well.Pretty solid for the price but beware of the crowd.
2	Like many of you, I was initially turned off to trying this place out because of the ridiculous line that stretches out to the parking lot. FYI that line continues once you reach the inside of the establishment for another 15 minutes at peak hours.So what's this place have? All sorts of meat. They also have a salad section, but the workers there look pretty lonely because who craves salad at a meat buffet? The dessert section is also pretty nice. I appreciated the scoop of mint and chip ice cream, and many people partake in the cotton candy post meal. Getting down to the nitty gritty: I'm a rib guy, but the ribs were just average here. When an entree is great, you are already planning on getting your next portion while eating your current portion. No such feelings here. The steak and the shrimp are in my opinion the best entrees at GC. One thing about the steak though:  I don't know if the steak chef is color blind, or if he simply does not give a flying caboodle. On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate. I could swear my plate was mooing back at me.Also, if you aren't familiar with buffet culture...the clientele can be a little eccentric. If you generally don't see strange people in public, that's because they are all here at GC. Yes the quality was better than Hometown. No the quality was not better than a Vegas buffet/Morongo buffet. For the price of entry, I'd say you come out a little bit ahead if you plan your meal right. I'm not a buffet fan, so I'd come here 1-2 times a year maximum.
2	There is always a line running all the way out the door for dinner time.  Sometimes you can wait for an hour or less but sometimes it's more.  However, I don't think it's worth waiting over an hour for.  Food is okay but nothing really stands out that would make me come back again.  Service is minimal, and the only good thing I can really say about this place is pretty much the price.
4	best out there for a buffet...
3	Good price and value for your buck but don't expect much more than your typical hometown buffet.
5	The Line is long, but it is TOTALLY WORTH IT!!!! It's cheap for a good buffet. I love the salads there it's not too watery, not too dry. The steak there is MMMM!!! SO GOOD!!!! Also they have a good amount of food like Pizza, Meatballs, Spaghetti, Meatloaf, Lasagna, and many choices of bread. I LOVE THE Dessert, they have pies, ice cream and the best of all COTTON CANDY!! This place is SOO much better than Hometown Buffet. So go Here instead of Hometown buffet. NO HOMETOWN BUFFET, you get tons of stomach aches.
4	I went here with my boyfriend and his family for dinner. When we got there, there was a very long line. When we got in, I was very pleased with the food selections. The ones that stood out to me was the steak (I had it in medium rare, yum!). Oh, and don't forget about dessert! There's a chocolate fountain! Marcus and I got to make our own chocolate dipped strawberries. Also there's cotton candy! TIP: I would recommend coming in toward the end of lunch, since you can stay for dinner. In essence, you're paying the "lunch" price for dinner. Your wallet and tummy will thank you for that. I would recommend this place for everyone. :)
2	Okay I know I never write reviews about chain restaurants but for Golden Corral, I'll make an exception.I am writing this review for 3 reasons:1.  Southern California does have any Golden Corrals, so this is an entirely new experience.2.  Every time I drove by, there is a line out the door - so it must be good right?3.  I love buffets.First off, the wait on a Wednesday night was 45 minutes at 8pm. Talk about a wait.  People are all pushy and stuff in line too. I think people we're all headed the same place, why be rude?  It's around $12 per person, which is a good price.So we finally get in and the place is filled to capacity.  I scanned all the offerings and I gotta say there wasn't much.  They had an extensive dessert area but I was more interested in what I was having for dinner.  Off the top of my head, here is what I saw:1.  Popcorn shrimp2.  Fried Fish3.  Steak fries4.  Pizza5.  Meatloaf 6.  Pasta7.  Ribs8.  Ham9.  Salad barIt was okay quality. The popular stuff was often left empty.  I tried some of the things I listed and it was okay tasting after having to fight with rude folks cutting in line or just hogging everything.I guess what people really like here is that they offer steak and its supposedly cooked to your desired temperature [which it wasn't].  The portions given were about 1 inch by 3 inch rectangular piece.  I know it's hard to satisfy the masses but having to get up multiple times to piece together a steak got annoying.The staff was actually really nice. I really don't know how they deal with the crazy, rude and greedy clientele. I think I'd have a headache each and every day I worked there.All in all, it wasn't worth the wait. It's similar to Hometown buffet.  I'd rather just go to some cheap Chinese buffet locally.
1	Go early, or late, to avoid the long line. But don't be fooled by the line, the food definitely isn't worth the wait.In addition to the long line to get into the restaurant, you gotta wait for them to refill half of the food items. I mean, you see tons of people working yet they're not really doing anything. The items at the salad bar was edible. Most of the food items were below average, they were either tasteless or were overly high in sodium. The lighting was harsh and the whole time I felt like I was in a cafeteria.Tables were placed very closely to each other that there was barely any room for people to walk by. Even the skinniest girl would have to walk sideways and still brush past my shoulder.The only thing worth praising about was our attentive waitress who seemed to always pop up at our table at the right times: when our half-empty cup needed a refill, when our plates were emptied, when we were done with our meal and she asked if we needed coffee to go with our dessert.Other than that, I wouldn't give this place a single star if there was an option for that.Needless to say, I wouldn't go back there. Not even for their chocolate fountain.
1	Wow!!!!! Thats all I have to say, I dont want to offend anyone here, so I will just say wow!!!! I will say this, I made an attempt and after being seated I decided NOPE this is just not good. Got a refund and walked out the door. Enter this establishment at your own risk....personally id rather pay a few more bucks and eat someplace NICE...
2	When the Golden Corral first opened we were very excited to have one in our area but when we went the first time we were very disappointed with the way it is set up.  Everything is crowded and people are practically climbing over each other to get to the chocolate fountain.  Getting from one end of the food selection s to the other is almost like a balancing act trying to hang on to your plate while dodging people!  I figured it was still new and that's why it was so crowded so we waited a few months before trying it again.  Last nite was worse!  The restrooms were a mess, the floors were wet, there was no toilet seat covers in some of the stalls and again, it was so crowded you had to dodge people to get anywhere.  People were rude, kids were running around and yelling....  THIS time we didn't stay.....
5	Don't expect the Bellagio buffet but for $7.49 for lunch not a bad deal. Decided to see what the hype was all about. I always see the long lines while driving on the 60 Frwy. I paid a visit on Tuesday afternoon, there was no line but busy inside. I was pleasantly surprised, for the amount paid I got a good deal. Golden Corral is not a Bellagio nor Rio Buffet but it doesn't cost $30 either..I can't believe some of the reviews for the amount it costs I guess people were expecting the Caesars Palace buffet. The chocolate fountain w/strawberrys, cotton candy and real ice cream was a nice touch.Give it a shot, it is better than Hometown. The server told me on Sat & Sun there is a 2 hour wait
4	this place was amazing! STEAK. RIBS. TILAPIA. ICE CREAM. FONDUE. COTTON CANDY. yummy. delish. and more...the cons though? THE LINE. THE WAIT. so be there when it opens.service is lovely. the people were really nice. it' more like you have to watch out for other customers. some of them can be rude or they just let their children run a muck everywhere (NOT COOL PARENTS). so just watch out for customer crazies.
1	Update: I had hoped to speak to corporate about my horrible first visit, and even sent them two messages via their messaging service on their website. Sadly, they have never responded to me nor have they even tried to contact me and find out what happened, unlike other restaurants. So pretty much, this place sucks in both customer service and quality. Take your money somewhere else, and don't bother coming to this place. Go somewhere else where they treat customers like people.
1	Alright Golden Corral. There was a lot of hype about this place opening. Am I impressed? No. Am I disappointed? Yes, definitely disappointed. I arrive there with my friends to see a line going out the door and down the sidewalk and into the parking lot. Yeah it was annoying to wait in line for 40 minutes, but that game me hope that it was going to be good. Usually busy means great. Yeah....fail. We get in and pay, it's kind of annoying that you can't just freely get drinks while you eat. You have to get your drink before the check out and they refill it for you at the tables which sounds like a good idea but service was so bad. They took forever to do refills and took forever to clear out our plates as we finish. The food wasn't impressive either. They had a decent variety of food but nothing was impressive, memorable, or even borderline enticing. The line for the BBQ was really long and in the end the BBQ was bland. Nothing is really that good; it's just passable. Would I come here again? No. would I rather eat here than Hometown Buffet? No. I did not like this place. With the long lines to get in and for the BBQ, the bad service, and food being mediocre at best, I can happily say that once was enough for me. Maybe even too much.
3	the lunch buffet is very cheap! food quality is whatevers; you pay for what you get. there are many selections and varieties. this place is very chaotic and busy,  service was pretty good; friendly staff members. i personally prefer golden corral  than hometown buffet mainly because of the price, and quality of food is also similar.
1	Worst Golden Corral ever! I have been to many Golden Corrals in my travels have never been to an horrible restaurant such as this.  Food wasn't the best! Flies were in the restaurant. Lots of dirty plant mixed in with clean ones. Everyone was sick after of visit. The one in Victorville was awesome but, this one sucked ass!
3	We decide to give this place a try as we always saw these ridiculously long lines whenever we passed by.  I didn't expect much after reading all the Yelp reviews and the price is cheap for all you eat. We came at 11:00 am on a Sunday and waited about 1/2 hour to get to our table. The place was packed!  Price was 12 for food, $2 more for a drink and $2.48 for a to go cup. I have to say the salad bar is pretty good.  It doesn't have the variety of salad toppings like Souplantation but definitely a decent selection. They just don't have iceberg lettuce only, there is spinach and mixed greens. They have grilled chicken to top your salad. So you can get a healthy meal here. The cooked food was overall okay. I got the steak which was too dry and no flavor. The ribs were okay. The enchiladas were decent. The desserts were good. I liked their cookies and cream ice cream and the cotton candy. I didn't try the chocolate fondue as I was afraid that kids may have stuck their fingers in there.  Service was good overall, many hard working people, but they have a couple of bad apples in the bunch. The only major change they need to make is how you get the drinks. You first get your drink right before you pay, but the ice was falling on the ground as people were getting sloppy. Then if you a refill you have to get a server get it for you.  They should have a drink dispenser got customers to get their drink.
4	ALL-YOU-CAN eat steak?!?!?! Low Price?? What is wrong with this place??? How do you expect to stay in business when people like me will grub up off their grill?! And it is tasty too?? NOICE!EUREKA, I have found my steak haven!! Since I have moved to quiet town, Rowland Heights, Calif, my fear of not being able to find restaurants similar to the ones that I visit on a weekend basis has been resolved. Scared as baby lion Simba, I ROARED my way into getting the first dish that I can find to build my mountain high of STEAK! Sorry, hakuna matata has got to wait.. The magic password in getting "THE" huge piece is, To Server over the counter: "Sir/Ma'am, may I get a whole piece of steak please? Oh, and in medium rare."  NOICE# 2!Aside from the steak, their food there tasted fresh and good. Not too dry on the meat loaf or too chewy of the lasagna. Their desert area has a fudge fountain and a cotton candy maker!! However, sorry adults, no chocolate covered cotton candy, boo!! Their fruits are fresh and are not floating on old fruit juice from reused platters. Their servers are always prompting me on if everything is alright and if I need anything. Almost feels as if there is something wrong with me but in a good way, haha! So, thee only reason why this place is missing a star from perfection is because during our first visit, we got looped into the line that wrapped around the building and their food was a bit salty. For future conclusions, more spacing, easy on the salt, and we're good!Bring your kids, not just me, and they will also enjoy this place. Although this place does not serve alcohol, it is for your own good.. extra belly room for a full meal!
2	last time i came here i noticed the quality of the food is a little different, Not in a good way, everything seemed a little more dry maybe it was just me.... However as for service, sadly i forgot the name of out waitress.Our waitress was flirting with the manager trying to get that promotion, then she went on break. The other waitress couldnt help us cuz it wasnt her area..... AWESOME!!!! Then when i was given a refill they forgot to add ICE!! LOVELY!!!! takes forever just to flag someone down for a stinking refill or ICE that they FORGOT to put.
3	Let me start with the silverware- they're not clean! Luckily they had packaged disposable forks, knives and spoons.I usually don't eat steak because I like it dry and burnt, surprisingly it was cooked right to my liking, no pink baby. That's probably the highlight of my meal. That and the freshly baked yeast rolls. So yummy, you don't need the extra butter to mess it up. Green beans  were canned and overcooked. The fried chicken didn't have enough flavor. The shrimp had too much breading, and the fountain drinks seemed to be on their last leg. I now know why kids hate Brussel sprouts, they were horrible!I almost forgot, the cheddar cheese biscuits were good. I love chocolate, but sadly their chocolate dessert offerings from cakes, pies and the famous chocolate fountain did not do it for me. Of course on the way out, who can resist the hand-scooped ice cream? I had the Butter Pecan, so creamy, I was so happy I left room for it.And, no I will not talk about the restroom today. Someone's been calling me out on that =).
3	My wife and I have been wanting to go here but every time we drive by there is a long line going out the door and around the corner. We finally decided to come on a Wednesday and sure there was no line going out the door but we still had to wait about 30 mins to be seated. Finally, we were seated and started filling up our plates.  The food was definitely better than Home Town Buffet but not what I call GREAT. With all the hype, we had high expectations like many other people.  Overall the food was good and the dessert selection was good too. We would come here again. I forgot to mention that they need to keep up with the food demand bc a few times we tried getting up to go get some of the stuff we haven't tried and every time we went the platters were empty, so we gave up and just had repeats.
4	I've been here twice now for dinner, the second time was better than the first. Both times, there was a line extending out the door, and it took about 30-50 minutes to get to the table. As for the food, my favorite is their tropical sauce steak, and grilled to order steak. Medium rare ftw. Their lasagna and meatballs are top picks, also. They have a mexican section, italian, asian, salad, meat, dessert. Good guac and salsa, I don't recommend the asian dishes, italian was nice. I know it's stupid to have fries and fillers at a buffet, but man their fries are good! Super thick and scrumptious with ketchup. Their pot roast is way too salty.Moving on to dessert, their watermelon and fruits are almost always empty. Chocolate fondue! Its decent, the strawberries were pretty rotten at one point, gross.They should get bananas. The usual super sugary pies, and cakes, cookies. Nice ice cream, bad fro yo. Tasty banana cream pie. A nice part about Golden Corral is the service. All the waiters were nice, and attentive. They offer complimentary dessert and coffee, refill quickly, and take your plates away with a smile. (:I think you get your money's worth. I would go once a month or two, because overeating is bad!
1	Yuck. The food was terrible. The crowd was awful. I would never go back here. The end.
4	DINE-IN TIME: Brunch, we went here around 11am and surprisingly it was not as crowded yet outside the parking lot. There was no line. PRICE: $9 for brunch. FOOD: A lot of choices to choose from. Everything seemed so fresh because it was packed with people that food ran out fast so they had to replenish dishes often. BRUNCH TIME DIDN'T HAVE STEAK (BEEF) ONLY PORK.SERVICE: okay, but I didn't like how they serve customers their drink I rather just get my ownDefinitely will go back to try lunch and dinner.
2	Mark this as another chapter in "What were you thinking???!!!!"   This was our third time to the Golden Corral.   The last time was in Hanover, Maryland.  As tourist in Maryland, we were full of crab cakes before we ate at the Golden Corral.  So this time should've been different.   Wrong again!   The coworkers took me to Seoul Garden in Tustin for my birthday lunch.  Seoul Garden is a buffet.  The coworkers and I ate so much, that I was still full from lunch at dinnertime.  But, the wife and daughter needed to celebrate my birthday.  I was thinking Osaka Seafood Buffet, but, with me being so full, I thought Golden Corral was a better and cheaper choice.  I am not sure if it was a good choice.  The Good:   The Cashier.  I told her that I wasn't hungry and that she should give me the Senior discount.   She did.  The fried chicken was good.  The Bad:  The steak.  I asked for rare, and got medium.   I tried again, and got it raw.  Also bad was going there when you are not hungry and wasting $11.  The waiter forgot to bring us water.   I had to ask him twice.   The Ugly:   The disabled lady that my wife saw take two bites out of a biscuit while waiting in line, and decided she didn't like it, and puts it back with all the other biscuits.    It is weird to see that I am one of the skinniest people in the Golden Corral (and I am not skinny).  Even though this place is owned by an Asian, as evidenced by the incense that they burn outside in the front planter, and the plants with red ribbons given as a gift for their grand opening, they really should'nt be following the Golden Corral's recipes for Chinese food.   You can't serve imitation Chinese food with so many Chinese restaurants in the vicinity.The last two visits to the Golden Corral have been a waste of time and money.   I may have to give them another chance.  If you come on a weekday before 6PM, there is no wait.2 1/2 stars!
2	I hesitated about a week after coming to write a review on this place to let my thoughts kind of process. In conclusion, I feel my experience here wasn't anything that wow-ed me, to be honest. I heard about this place when it opened, but steered clear for the entire time because I heard horror stories about how atrocious the waits and lines were.I came here last Sunday for lunch around 11 something and there was a line that snaked outside the door, ending just outside of the shaded covering. The wait continued inside to the registers and I would say in total...the wait was about 45 mins or so.I had heard raves about how Golden Corral was comparable to a Vegas buffet and how it kicked Hometown Buffet's ass, etc, etc. And I felt that with the crazy lines this place had brought out when it first opened (and still, even a few months in with its opening), that this place had to have some sort of majestic charm.To be honest though, I felt the fare offered here was alright. Definitely not on the level of a "Vegas buffet" as I had heard early on (although there are small things here and there to note). The interior design faintly mimics those of Paris Buffet and maybe even The Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood (you know, with the faux windows, awnings, and separate stations/buildings), but that's probably about it in terms of appearance. Now granted, the food wasn't bad or anything (there are even some small things that make Golden Corral better than Hometown, such as the corn here, which is plump and juicy) - overall the food is by far better than the quality Hometown Buffet serves up, but it's nothing that'll blow you away. However, I do like that there are some special things here, such as the machine cotton candy and coconut macaroons, and also the steaks, which are cooked right in front of you by a team of chefs - all these small things bring that higher-end feel (or "Vegas feel") to Golden Corral.It's hard to say whether I'll be coming back or not. I used to love buffets so much when I was a kid, but I think growing up, I've come to be quite indifferent about them. Even with this review, I feel like something's missing - I'm not disappointed, but I'm not too impressed either.  I just don't know. I guess I'm just not the kind of person who'll want to wait in a long line for food anymore. Again, nothing particularly bad about this place, but again - nothing particularly special.
2	Everytime I'm on the 60 Fwy and saw the long long time for this place, I was dying to give this place a try. On a random Monday night after shopping at Costco, we decided to give this place a try since there was no line. (finally yay!)ok, don't let the long long line fool you, this place is great if you are super hungry and you don't know what you feel like eating it abour $10 per person. The only thing that was decent was their bread section since it was super fresh out of the oven, everything else, was meh.....it is way too crowded so I was getting a bit of a headache.I don't think I will be back grubbing myself here anytime soon.
3	The buffet has hit full chain food restaurant status. I enjoyed some things here and hated others, Many people come here and many people are slobs! I watched has troves of over weight families pounded in and gobbled up all they can. Many letting their kids run around out of control, until the manager came over the loud speaker and announced that all children under 10 needed adult supervision at all times! (Clap, yeah, hooray!)The prices are pretty decent for this place (watch the drinks, they add up the bill)Many food choices, i tried several items..Meatloaf (good) Chicken (so-so) spaghetti (average)as for all the sides, they were all good too!  deserts are aimed more for the kids here but there was some good pie and ice cream.The set-up here is a little strange and seating areas can be cramped. most employees were nice and helpful, a couple seemed upset with all the mess they had to deal with.Expect lines at dinner times & weekends. I can see myself coming here maybe 2 times a year, and i'm OK with that!
2	We went here tonight and we didn't have to wait. There was a lot to choose from but unfortunately not one thing I ate was any good. I wouldn't  go again.
3	For the price, the food quality isn't bad at all. Actually the food here is pretty decent. But it's always too crowded and an hour wainting in line is a must, so I would only come back once in a while. Also there's too many kids running around all the time, I don't even remember what I eat by the time I get out of here. So crazy always and crowded. But they do have some good steak, fried chicken, man and cheese, and chillis. Also I love the cheese buttered biskets.
2	The lines around dinner and lunch time are always colossal, almost equally so to some of the people standing in them.I was impressed by the variety of food available here when I managed to finally get in. I guess my choosiness allowed me to luck out and grab the best parts of the meatloaf and pot roast. However, even considering this, the foods seem to contain very high levels of salt. I had four glasses of water by the time I was done with my meal.The service isn't bad for such a prodigiously crowded eatery but I won't be coming back until I hear about their food improving.But, hey, at least it's cheap. It's dirt cheap compared to many restaurants in the area, although you can't expect too much.
3	The line at 8PM on a Friday night was out the door!!! Comparing to Hometown Buffet, I have to say Golden Corral is half a star better.  That's not really saying much though...both buffets are pretty crappy but let's divulge into greater detail here about Golden.   The fried shrimp, onion rings, and fish were pretty decent.  Looking through the batter, the shrimp were actually de-veined! That's pretty awesome for a buffet.  The fried fish was the typical southern type breading much like the one you can find at Boiling Crab.  The fish obviously wasn't as fresh but it tasted good enough with a shower of tartar sauce. AS for the steak, it's not super high quality but it does have a good charred off the grill taste to it.  You can request any sort of temperature depending on the supply on the grill.  I want to say for $12 dinner price, eating just the steak and shrimp is already a bargain.  The same meal at Sizzler's is probably $12+   I also tried some of the ribs, fried chicken, ham and everything was underwhelming.  Most of the these foods tastes typical cafeteria style with a mass produced sense of flavor and texture.  I'm not sure I'd come back or recommend this buffet to any of my REAL friends...hehehe
3	There really isn't anything golden about Golden Corral. Did I seriously just write that? God I'm lame.Anyway, this place feels like it's trying to be like a Vegas buffet without the glitz, the glamour and the drive to Vegas. Unfortunately, GC has also left a bit of the flavour and taste behind in Vegas too. I really shouldn't knock this place too much though. The food is fairly decent and some of it can actually taste kind of good (rice pilaf). Some of the other stuff is kind of under cooked (the bbq chicken). There's almost a smorgasbord of food-- almost that is.. There's the usual mexicanish station, the asianish station, the italianish station and the actual salad bar that always remains empty. There is also a chocolate 'wonderfall' and desserts that are too dry to eat. I feel like I'm being harsh, but in the end, I did give the place 3 stars-- It really wasn't THAT bad. Oh, well, I almost forgot to mention the crowds. This place is jam packed beyond capacity it feels. There's tons of people running around trying to stuff their faces with fried whatevers and cake. At least in Vegas you have people who can somewhat afford to drive out and go on a vaycay where they aren't so terribly rude. But over here, you are swarmed with people who just want to eat and if you don't get out of their way, they will eat you. Seriously.Other than that, the server we had was sweating bullets from running around and trying to clean things up, refill people's drinks and do whatever else he could possibly do. Poor guy. He deserves a raise!  I think his name was Chase. Anyway, he worked his bootay off running from table to table and did his best at handling who knows how many tables. His service alone would make me bump this place to 3.5 stars/5 maybe even 4. Overall, this place.. I mean.... if you really want to experience it, I say go for it. But don't expect a spacious dining experience where the food is outstanding and the chairs are comfy. Expect to be dodging people everywhere you go (except the salad bar, no one is there so hooray!) and decent tasting food in hard uncomforable chairs.
3	A glorified Hometown Buffet with surprisingly attentive service.Things you can do here:--------------------------------* Check out the choco fondue and cotton candy machine* Eat the larger fried shrimp nearer to the Salad bar, than the popcorn shrimp found with the rest of the seafood selection* Sit on the left side of the entrance if you have bladder problems* Stuff yourself so much you can't grab Half & Half afterwards* Celebrate your birdday here -- practically every table was doing it!* Marvel at how packed the large restaurant is, and question whether the economy really is in a recession currentlyThings to skip here:--------------------------* Haggle out of paying full priced $11.79 weekday dinners (+$0.20 on weekends)* The Sirloin steaks -- I thought I was gnawing on a thick slab of beef jerky with a smokey aroma* Expecting home-cooked, baked-from-scratch food -- The clam chowder tasted like it was heated straight out of a Campbell's canGlad I got to try this buffet, but not a place I would particularly go out of my way for. The price is cheap, but I can better utilize $12 on the plenty of restaurants with better tasting food, made with higher-quality ingredients, with tummy room to breathe.
5	Hands down the best American buffet under $15-and I eat A LOT of buffets... from Korean bbq to Chinese buffet to Wynn in Vegas!  And no... im not fat.  Just watch for the lines-often, they are 30+ minutes long!
3	I usually don't review chains, but I've been eager to try golden corral for years. Everytime I watch ESPN or Fox sports they constantly have commercials about Golden Corral. The first thing I tried were the ribs. To give them credit, the ribs are tender and fall off the bone. But the meat itself is so fatty, it's hard to finish eating them-just way to fatty. Basically all the food is as flawed as the ribs, there's an upside and a down side. I'm being generous by giving them a 3 star review. Truthfully, it should be a 2 star review. There's no reason to wait an hour to try their food. I look back, and I can't believe I had hope. Is it better than hometown buffet? Yes, but not by much.
4	We went to the GC on a Saturday afternoon about 4:30pm.  We were trying to avoid the long lines I've read about.  No luck...it was about a 45 minute wait until we got seated.  If you haven't been here before expect a long wait.  This way you are in the right frame of mind.  The cost for dinner for two w/ drinks was $30 (plus tip).  Service was average.  Our waitress came by a couple of time for drink refills.  It did take a while for our used plates to be picked up.  I think the bus/wait staff is strength thin. The food was excellent for a buffet.  There was a big selection of entrees from steak, turkey, ham and all the fixings.  There was Asian and Mexican food, a large salad bar and all the dessert you could want.  For the kids, there was pizza, chicken nuggets and mac and cheese. (kids under 3 eat for free). The food stations were well supplied and there was never more than a one to two wait at any given timeMy overall experience was better than expected.  I would come back again when the lines are shorter.
2	Long line, decent food. Highlight of the buffet is definitely their chocolate fountain and cotton candy machine. Also, they have really nice waiters. If the line wasn't so long, I would come back. It's not worth the wait though.
3	I was so damn excited to see Golden Corral open up in my hometown. There was so much hype and just based on how exclusiveness it blew up. Since it opened, I've "tried" to eat there 3 times and every time I've walked away because the line was so insanely long. This last time, I finally had the patience to wait all the way. First of all, parking isn't a problem, plenty of lot room. I'm surprised why they didn't just expand the restaurant and use up some of that parking lot room.Food wise, home town buffet would be crying. This gave me a slight memory of vegas buffets but I personally felt the quality wasn't all there. I don't know if I will come back by choice, atleast I wouldn't crave this place. But I wouldn't mind going here over home town buffet.
2	Good for a full course dinner!  Especially when there is shrimp and steak.Not good for lunch, where selection isn't really that great..  You know where there's a lot of food but nothing to really eat?  Like opening your fridge, seeing all the food, but shutting it anyway.  That's what lunch felt like.Also, I definitely don't think it's worth waiting in line.  Recommended for: No lines + dinner [without high expectations] + lots and lots of hungry guys/girls + affordable price.
5	Yes this is basically a Home Town Buffet with a tad better food. I've been here twice so far on weekdays so I usually don't run into long wait times like others have said. The latest I've waited was 30 minutes. The second time I didn't wait at all. Service here is usually great and the waiters are pretty nice and attentive. Anyway, for the price you're paying, the food here is decent enough. I actually like the steaks here since I can always ask for the part of the steak with the most fat on it. Yes I'm a fat-ass but damn it, a medium-rare steak with a lot of cooked fat is like heavenly to me in terms of flavor. Also, the fried popcorn shrimp and fried jumbo shrimp are pretty good. Especially covered with the tasty gravy meant for the mashed potatoes. Did I mention I was a fat-ass? I think there was a fried fish dish they had there that was pretty good as well. I would avoid the Asian and Mexican style food since they're really really bland compared to the American style food. Honestly, that stuff is probably greasier than the fried chicken and shrimp they have. So eat American here. Protip: As two of my friends found out, there's a good reason why cotton candy is suppose  to be all cotton like: when you crush cotton candy into a ball and eat it, you'll probably get diabetes from the massive influx of sugar into your system at once. Also, chocolate covered cotton candy isn't all that good either as my friend figured out. My luck here has been good so far so I'm definitely coming back if I'm ever feeling like abusing my body.
2	This place is pretty bad for a buffet. Even for $12 there's nothing really edible here. If you like Pala and all the Vegas buffets.. even the cheap Asian seafood buffets, this place will not satisfy your tummy and your urge to over eat. I don't think I liked one thing here... -Dry steaks-Pot roast tasted like dog food -Soups were salty-Meatloaf lacked flavor-Chicken was okay, tasted like a market's rotisserie chicken -Ribs sucked, no flavorFelt super dehydrated eating the food. Service was good. They came around singing "happy birthday" to each table celebrating. Very cool.. They also were very good about picking up finished plates. Fun dining with friends, but will definitely not be returning.
3	The food here was good, but the dessert bar was gross compared to the one in Arizona. Not enough pie!!!! And the pies were "no sugar added." Gross. The only good dessert option was the cookies.Note: start at the salad bar. Its really empty! You'll understand why when you go. Service is good.
1	I don't understand why this place has long lines. I'm a eat whatever don't care about my health kind of person but dam I'm not coming here ever again. They seated me and my family in the corner where they put  the brooms and those scoop thingys which had food it in -_- which wasn't very pleasant to see while I was eating.At first this place look pretty good, but nothing surprised me. The only thing good that came out of this place was the chocolate chip ice cream. I'd say try it if you're curious, but in my opinion I'd recommend to go somewhere else.
5	It's all about steak and pork rib.  For $11 it's a steal.  Excluding the line (for weekend, it is about 40 to 60 min. wait), why would anyone go to Sizzler?  Warning: I heard that not all Golden Corrals are the same.   Since this branch is less than a year old, it may be better than other branches.  The best time to go is 8:40 p.m. for dinner.
3	Yeah, ok, got there just before a hugh line started for lunch.  Dinner is impossible.  Sorry not willing to wait an hours for dinner.  So as far as the food goes, it a little better than Hometown, and the price for lunch $8. and some change was not too bad.I did notice that breakfast is slightly higher by about .50 cents but still under $9.  Not sure why.But here's the review on the food.  The steak, which everyone is  supposedly coming here for is a chuck steak, generally about $1.99 per pound in the market, generally we (butchers) make ground beef from this and sell it at $3.99 per pound.  So its tough and chewy.  So when I initially saw it, I was surprised they would be charbroiling it.  I love charbroil, instead of pan or griddle fried.  But not to be disappointed, they threw the cooked steak onto the flat griddle to continue cooking and cutting the steak into smaller strips.Not only does this double cook the steak to well done, but also make it drier and more tough.  Total waste of meat.  I liked the hamburger sliders, but too much bread for such a small piece of meat (another filler).  The sausage looks good, but tasted like cardboard filler inside,  I didn't like the texture, it didn't taste like a sausage.The meatball in the spaghetti tasted better than the sausage.  The meat lasagna was also good, but any pasta is again fillers.  Can't go bad with the Fried chicken, but the fried shrimp was more breading than shrimp.  As Chinese food is concern, I wouldn't touch it.  Looks and taste worst than Panda.   Mexican food, look like something from Del Taco, the Carnitas looks extremely fat and greasy.  Too many good and cheap Mexican restaurant in the area to want to go here for mexican foods.  Same with Chinese food too.Not into salad, if I wanted rabbit food, I would go to Soup Plantation down the street, its cheaper.  Drinks is expensive as far as soda and selections.  Hometown you can get your own whenever and whatever you want.  Here's it is more limited.  After your initial selection, your waiter/waitress gets your refills.  They are always around but it harder to change your mind since you don't see the machines and the selections.Dessert is not bad, cookies, cakes, chocolate fountain, fruits, but unlike other buffets which general has only softserve ice cream, GC also serves real scooped ice cream which I prefer.  They also have cotton candy which the kids definitely love.Would I go back? Yeah, probably once a year.  Its not our my list of favorites.  Just like Hometown.   Just keep your expectations low, and you won't be disappointed.
3	Ah... buffets... America's unbiased food troughs. This place has it's Pros & Cons.. The WAIT:     A quick tip if you're debating about coming here.. If you want to enjoy it on a weekend or holiday expect a massive line (extending outside and snaking through the parking lot) I went here once at 11am with co-worker whom paid.. at that time there was no line. However, returning the next week at 1:30pm on a Sunday and the line extended further that i could see into the parking lot. NOT WORTH IT! Go to hometown buffet if you're that hankering for a buffet.. no line.. ever..The SELECTION:     It's a good plethora of mediocre foods that will have something for everyone. If you want to taste the majority of the world's cuisines all on one plate, you'll like this golden corral. Much better than hometown buffet. Plus, the serving area is always clean.The FOOD:     Well, Las Vegas has spoiled me on buffets, sadly. However, this food isn't too bad. Here are some things that were quite lack-luster but overal all it was decent. The food rarely sits out long due to the hungry hordes of people whom devour it as soon as it comes out so no worries about old food. My Opinion:     This Golden Corral is alright. It is nothing I would write home about or punch my grandma over, but for a buffet it would a pleasant experience. I would come here again? Sure, as long as the line to get in wasn't longer than a ride at disneyland.
3	i was soo disappointed the second time i went.  The first time i went i thought it was great they had shrimp scampi, alfredo sauce, etc but the line was just horrendous. just went again for lunch and it was gross.  Y'know how your first bite is supposed to taste the best?  It already tasted bad.  The liver steak was disgusting; hard, overcooked, and just a peculiar taste in general.  The asian food was gross, mexican food was alright, and the southern style food was just too fried for me.  The only hot food i enjoyed was corn and the mini steakk burger with grilled onions.  However, i did enjoy the fresh salad bar and the ice cream bar.  All the cupcakes and cake had way too much icing on it, and i love icing!
4	avoid waiting in line by being the early bird! Line is ridiculously long, but worth the wait.
2	So I heard a lot if rave reviews and its always crowded so I said hey what the hell....yeah what the hell indeed.Pros:-cheap Cons:Food was subparPork wasn't cooked all the wayEnchiladas had fake cheese productMarshmallows tasted like they were circa 1987...bad year for marshmallows apparentlyDid I mention all the freakishly obese people...seriously woman that was your 5th cotton candy.
4	This place is great! I got there at 8pm on a wednesday and there was no line. We were a party of 5 and seated right away.The food was good. The plates were clean. And the drinks were endless.. Can't wait to go back!Umm... yes, quite a few people that were obviously overweight.. ahaha i felt pretty sexy in that crowd...LOL.
4	1.  They are better than Hometown Buffet2.  Unlimited "cooked to order" steaks and fish/shrimp3.  Long lines4.  Around $10 lunch/dinner prices w/o drinkIt's definitely not a vegas quality buffet but it's pretty good.  Teeters between a 3 star because their steaks bring me here but 3 times of out the 4 times I been there the guy cooking the steaks always gives me well-done steak even though I ask for Medium rare.  It's their draw and drawback.People go crazy over their chocolate fountain and cotton candy but I don't touch both of those things.  I'm just there for the steak and seafood.  No point going to hometown buffet now.  This place just trumps the shit out of hometown buffet.Oh, you also can't get your own drink refills.  You'll have to ask your waiter for it.
3	There were some things that Golden Corral gets very right, and there are other things that they get very wrong.  I realize however, then when you try to crossbreed a southern buffet chain, with California-type restaurant quality standards....things can get a bit awkward.  Imagine Honey Boo-Boo shopping in Beverly Hills....you get the idea.   I would imagine that much of the food and atmosphere decisions come not from the owners of the specific franchise in the City of Industry, but from the Golden Corral corporate office, who makes decisions based on their own standards of what is acceptable to serve.FOOD:  I don't know if I have seen such a juxtaposition in a buffet - usually I find buffet food to either be all great, all terrible, or all mediocre.  There were some GREAT choices here....Hush Puppies (rare to see at a buffet!), Texas Toast (which I could just eat all day long), sauteed mushrooms, Bourbon chicken, all different kinds of salad options, hand scooped ice cream (also very rare to find in a buffet!), the chocolate fountain (with surprisingly good tasting chocolate!), and even cotton candy (especially great for the kids).  Now the bad....all of the Chinese food options!  I am not one who has particularly high standards for Chinese food, but dear Lord!  Do you know the expression "chewing the fat"?  Well - now you can!  Just put some of their Chinese chicken options on your plate and start chewing!  The low quality of the Chinese options is surprising to me, especially since this buffet is located in a community heavily populated with Asian Americans.  This is what makes me think that food decisions are strictly made on a corporate level.  Avoid the Mexican options too.  We here in Cali know our Mexican food - and you can't call this Mexican food.  I don't know what kind of food you would call it....ATMOSPHERE:  Of course because it is a buffet, we know the atmosphere is going to be (1) Crowded and (2) Loud.  So that is completely acceptable.  The buffet area got a little hectic when the steaks were coming out, and the people started lining up.  Even that was acceptable.  However, the booths had absolutely no cushion, so you are just sitting on hard plastic.  (Maybe this is to discourage you from staying too long?!)  Ouch!SERVICE:  A+!!!!  The guys and gals that work here in such a stressful and busy environment sure have a great attitude!!  Everyone was so friendly and attentive, and service was given with a smile.  Our server was prompt refilling our drinks, and clearing our plates.  And not just our server, but every server in there had the friendliest dispositions!I see so much potential in this place, but unless they can break away from their food quality products/standards set by their corporate office, they will just be mediocre.SUGGESTIONS:  This place can be very crowded, with a line that can stretch out the door on the weekends.  Go early in the week (lunch if possible, but dinner is fine too) to avoid the crowds.  Oh yeah, be ghetto and bring your own bottle of either Tapatio or Sriracha chili sauce - you may need it, since much of the food lacked so much flavor!
3	Foods surprisingly good! Salad bar was so so though.The type of people that come here- pass. Super crowded for a weekday, cant imagine how bad it gets during the weekends. People costantly cut infront of you while your still serving yourself or while your walking to get just around the place. Had one big tattooed girl insult me as she passed by me. Yeah, no thanks. I dont need to feel uncomfortable by some jerk I have to be elbow to elbow with.
3	the wait is at least an hr long!!! it's like black Friday everyday here at golden corralanyway, the food is okay, there is a line for pan-fried/grill fish. and their steak was whatever.. everything here is average or below average...my friends raved about this place and i had really high hope for it. and of course i was disappointed because there is a line everywhere and the food wasnt as great as expectedi think my review for this place is biased because i was expecting a lil too much for a $10 buffet. i've been wanting to go back and give it a try one more time
2	Ridiculously long line for just an "average" buffet. Price was ok, food was nothing to brag about. Would not come back.
5	Came here with my friend and his family. Gotta try this place out since its all over the tv with their commercialsFood: imagine Hometown Buffet but way better. from the looks of thing everything here is super fresh as in they make it themselves. from the bread to the pasta. I would recommend getting the steak first cause if its busy, which is an always, then there will be a long line but the line moves pretty quick so no worries. and plus they have a freak load so don't worry about them running out of steak. their soups are pretty good too. i myself like clam chowder and this is some good chowder. Fresh bread every so often. everything seems like its cooked on the spot.Oh and their dessert is pretty darn good. its not something to talk about but hey they got their own chocolate fountain so that's a plus. and they also have ice cream too which they scoop for you so you know that no kids or adult would be sticking they nasty ass fingers in themoh and their drinks are not self refillable. you have to ask your waiter/waitress to refill them. that's OK. Service: i got to say for a busy place their service is pretty darn outstanding. our waiter introduced himself very kindly. Very attentive. since its busy it was a bit hard getting his attention but we did get his attention so that's a good thing. They cleaned your tables as quickly as possible so that's a plus.* every time i would come back to the table all the plates that we done were no longer there, so they did an exceptional job*Location: im glad that they opened one somewhat near where i live cause before it would either be in San Fran/San Diego which ever it was and another would be at the border of mexico and California. So yea good place.side note: you get the drinks as you are waiting in line. water and soda are in the same cup but you get charged less for the water. iono if they will notice you getting water and then refilling it up for like sprite or something.in total the price for dinner and a drink would be about 14.99 exact
4	Come before 6pm... It gets mad crazy after 6pmI was surprised about this place.  I normally don't go to these cheap AYCE buffets (e.g., Hometown Buffet) but I heard good things about this place.The line wasn't too bad before 6pm but after 6pm the place just got backed up and people were eating like the end of the world was gonna happen, Mayan-style!The steaks here are very good for this level of AYCE.  The chef cooked mine about medium rare and it was a good medium rare.  It was so good, I came back for seconds.The bread... omg... the bread rolls here are made fresh (I think all the bread are) and the honey butter is to die for!  The butter on the fresh bread is amazing.I also tried the fried fish and fried chicken and its made Southern-style and it was pretty good.  It makes Hometown Buffet's like frozen food.Overall, there is a freshness and quality that exceeds Hometown Buffet by light years.  It is as good as any AYCE buffet I've had at some hotel in Vegas.The only problem I had here is that drinks have to be served by your waitress.  The problem with that is its so busy here and the poor waiting staff is just swamped.It looks like they don't staff enough waitresses to get you your drink refills so it does take about 10 mins before they can get you your refills.This place gets overwhelmingly crowded on a weekend dinner so expect to wait awhile to get in if you come at that time.Other than that, my family and I loved it and are going back again tonight to get our grub on!
5	Awesome buffet place! Most food is fresh and deliciousThe best: fried chicken, bourbon street chicken, friend rice, unlimited steaks, salad bar and their mexican beans and rice!Service is just fine. They could improve on this by not rushing patrons to finish their meals fast and clean up tables without a notice.Price is ok. Drinks should be included with the $12.99 dinner deal.Only con: Long lines to get in on sundays between 12pm-3 pm (wait time to be seated could be between 15 min to 30 min)Overall this buffet hits the spot. Forget about Hometown buffet once you try this place. I wish they had more locations in other areas.
2	Meh. For the price, it isn't bad. I'm full, but I don't think I'll find myself ever craving to be here. Foods I liked: The pork steak is pretty good but really salty. There is something called the fish...pasa?? Next to some guacamole and pico de gallo. It was good with both. Mashed potatoes and poultry gravy was good, but if you go wrong with mashed potatoes, you might as well quit now. Cookies and cream ice cream!Foods I didn't like: I stopped eating the orange chicken a few bites in, as well as the lo mein. Their strawberries for the fondue machine weren't very fresh nor big. I was going to put the buffalo wings in the precious category, but they didn't make the cut. I got three pieces because I love wings, but only ate two, and the second was more because I wanted I give it another try instead of wanting to eat more. It tasted a little sour (might be because of the sauce??) and was not warm. Or hot. Little colder than lukewarm. Not cute. Their coffee is mediocre - not good, not bad - but not good enough to make it into the "likes."The tables are pretty cramped, and the soda machine is in the entrance where very one waits to get in. This is pretty inconvenient for people who want refills, but sometimes the servers will stop by and ask if you want one. I just make my brother get refills for me c: they also have a cotton candy machine (not self serve) and a chocolate fondue machine with skewers, marshmallows, cookies, strawberries and Rice Krispies if they haven't run out yet. Feel free to help yourself, but be warned that the chocolate is kind of runny so make sure you're not dripping on the way back to your table.Basically, the food isn't terrible, but if I want to stop eating while I'm eating...that's pretty bad, especially because I'm not a picky eater.
1	A waste of time and money, plain and simple...
3	Let's get this straight, it's a buffet.  You don't expect 5 star food at a buffet.  If you have been to any buffet, chances are there will be a line, this place is no exception.  You do want decent food though at the very least, which means roughly 3 stars.  The price point, the quality/freshness, and some items, namely the steak, make the place a good deal at about $12 for dinner.Off the top of my head and what I could remember they had fried chicken, mash potatoes and gravy, some kind of sesame seed carrots, green beans, pepperoni and cheese pizza, french friess, meat balls in marinara, spaghetti, fresh grilled sirloin steak, carved turkey, carved ham, bbq chicken, quesadilla, refried beans, guacamole, butterflied fried shrimp, fried shrimp, rice, fried rice, egg rolls, jalepeno muffin, corn bread, dinner rolls, sweet sticky buns, potato salad, pasta salad, salad bar whatever that entails, chocolate fondue, pies, a cake, cotton candy, soft serve ice cream, and regular scooped ice cream which I think was rite aid/thrifty's brand.So again, for $12 dinner, it's a good variety that will get you full.  With so many people eating here, the food is constantly fresh.  The sirloin steak is where it's at if you want to get your monies worth.  Topping the meal off with cookies 'n' cream ice cream makes this place a-ok in my book.
1	- Line is ridiculous- price is ridiculous- pick drink, pay and grab your food (Soup planation is better)what was the HYPE all about?
3	I have to give this place three stars since in the end it's just a buffet. Don't come here expecting for gourmet food. You can't really expect that kind of food at ANY buffets. For the price you pay and the food you get, it's worth the money. The lines here are freaking ridiculous. I happened to stop by here once on a weeknight after shopping with my family at around 8:30PM. There wasn't much of a line, so we were able to try this place out. The next few times we tried coming with more family members on a weekend...just ridiculous. The line goes out through the door. If you didn't know, you'd think it's Black Friday again. This place is slightly better than Hometown Buffet, so I'm giving it three stars instead of two. I'm basically comparing this to other American buffets, not those Chinese ones littering the region. I drove by once when it was raining. Guess what? The rain doesn't deter people from coming to this place: people lining up outside, drenched in water, waiting to dine at this place... It's not like the Dalai Lama is dining here. If he did, he would've gone to Souplantation instead. He's a monk after all. I suggest coming here either very late or very early. It's not worth waiting for an hour or more. This is just a good place for a once or twice visit, not a place to frequent.
4	Was really impressed by this place.  High quality food was a surprise as this is a buffet.  Their steaks are made to order and were quite tasty.  These were some of my favorites but I didn't get to try everything: steak, fried shrimp, fried catfish, texas toast and mexican rice.  Their dessert bar was awesome, they had 6 different flavors of ice cream, chocolate fondue with strawberries, frozen yogurt, cookies, and pies.  The salad bar look good but didn't get a chance to try it out.  The service was phenomenal.  We didn't feel rushed and our waiter was very attentive with drinks and clearing plates.Yes, the line is ridiculously long (we waited an hour) on the weekend and probably wouldn't have stayed in line if it wasn't my niece's b-day.  You're best bet is to go on a weeknight.  I've been told they take reservations on the weeknight but not on the weekend.
4	Was feeling kind of lazy and decided to take my family out to eat.  We ended up here, due to 5 people wanting something totally different to eat.  I was pleasantly surprised with the food.  Everything was pretty tasty, loved the Bourbon chicken, unlimited steaks, salad bar, fried shrimp, pizza can go on ALL DELICIOUS!!!  except for the sauteed mushrooms what a disappointment.  Be warn you will come out feeling like a stuffed turkey.  The only con was that the waiter is the one whom has to bring you a refill.  And they don't have all you can drink milk, =(This place is always busy, best time to go is during the week.   Friday night and weekends we've seen the line wrapped around the building.  But very well worth the wait.
1	This place gets crazy packed and the lines are ridiculous! its out the door and when you finally get inside the door there is another line waiting! I had to wait almost 1- 1 1/2 hours just to eat here and it WAS ALL HYPE! because this is the first Golden Corral to open up down here so of course those enticing commercials we see time to time on TV makes people super excited for this one! But from my experience here this is what i have to say about this place.- Long line & ridiculous wait- Overhyped- Drinks ARE NOT included with your meal- Understaffed and they couldn't handle all the customers pouring in- Area was not clean & dirty tables were left around- Waited 30 minutes one time to just get to the grilled steaks- People would be eating in the lines BARBARICALLY or kids will be running around with food in their hands- People are RUDE, but hey when you're hungry you tend to get grumpy- Food is WAYYYYY too salty!!!- Desserts were tasteless and stale The only good thing was their steaks, the chef cooked it to a perfect medium rare, but  after everything i had to go through to get the steaks. NO THANKS!
2	I've heard good things about this place, besides for the long lines of course, so I thought I would give it a try. My BF was there earlier and waited in line so I was lucky I didn't have to wait that long. We came on a Friday night around 6 and the place was super packed already. It took us about 15 minutes before we were actually seated. Dinner was $11.30 Monday-Friday and $12 over the weekend. Drinks are an additional $2.As for the food...they have a...Salad bar:  Salad bar was okay. Nothing special about it. You can create your own salad with any topping you could think of or they have a pre-made ceaser salad. They also had 2 different types of soup that day, chicken noodle and chili. They also had your typical potato salad/mac salad/ and stuff like that so nothing really stood out about their salad bar.Mexican/American/Italian/Asian food: they had a variety of different types of food, but none of them were too my liking. I'm not a picky eater. I'll try everything once, but the food was just...boring to me. They had your typical orange chicken, kung pao something, quesadilla, onion rings, pasta, fried chicken, pizza, fried shrimp, and more.Grill area: around the grill area they had toast, fried/popcorn shrimp, stuffing and of course the steak. My BF got a steak on his first plate and it was cooked just how he wanted (medium rare) and it wasn't dry at all. He liked it so he got another one and that one came out super dry that he couldn't finish it. But the steak in my opinion wasn't that good. It didn't have any flavor on it at all.Desserts: they had pies, cakes, the chocolate fountain, cotton candy, and ice cream. None of those things really stood out to me either. I had to get a marshmallow covered in chocolate though, but the strawberries were so tiny and didn't look appetizing at all. Ice cream of course is always good and I've never seen a buffet with rainbow sherbet so that made me happy. And take the cotton candy before you leave!Service:It was good actually. Better than most buffets I've gone to. Plates were taken away pretty quickly and drinks were refilled when we barely drank half of the cup. Seeing how crowded the place was, I was pretty surprise with the service.
2	Somewhat regretful that I checked in here. Saw the commercials on the boob tube and agreed  to eat here with some extended family. Other reviewers were ACCURATE in describing this place to be like Hometown, but with a meat grill. IMO, the lines here aren't as bad, as some Yelpers complain, with the exception of the line to actually get into the place. The setup of the place makes it crazy and claustrophobic - a potential goat f*ck during a major dining rush.  Service is attentive and frequent. We got seated around 8pm and left after an hour.   The "ice cream" is one of those soft serve machines. The kids like the cotton candy station and the chocolate fountain.  If you want steak, go to store, buy meat, and cook it at home or go to a steakhouse.  This place focuses on volume first, followed by service and cleanliness, and then quality.  If Las Vegas buffets are in the 2 star (nasto) to 4.5 star range (da bomb), this is a three (meh).
4	I came in here expecting very little and I was pleasantly surprised. If I had to choose between Sizzler and Golden Corral, I'd go with GC. The food is NOT top quality, but it's not really cheap either. The only thing that I can say I really don't like, is the line to get in. If you come at the wrong time, you feel like you're in line for Space Mountain. (You know where you hate waiting, but you know that when you get to the front of the line, you'll be happy you waited.)Anyhow, they have your basic buffet set-up: Asian, Mexican, Seafood, Salads, Desserts, yadda yadda. The one thing that everyone seems to love, not moi, is that you can get cotton candy. I don't understand the fascination. Maybe it's because you only seem to get it when you're at a fair, or a ball game, so it makes it seem "special."If you decide to go, remember that they switch to dinner pricing at 4pm. So, I would get there around 3:30 so that you can still gets lunch pricing, but be able to partake in their dinner buffet. That pretty much means steak!
1	Dis.gus.ting. I'm still sick to my stomach a day after.
2	I've heard a lot about this place and decided to take a visit with my boyfriend. The price is good but the food... I honestly think Hometown Buffet across the street is better. I don't think I would wait in line that long to eat here again. Maybe if the lines were shorter and I had no idea where to go eat, I'll come back.Nothing really special about this place, except for the cotton candy.
4	Finally was able to find a location around after watching all these Golden Corral commercials.  The price is pretty cheap for the amount of food you get.  It isn't the best, I mean we are not in Vegas here.  But not bad, and a good enough variety.  Came during lunch but wish we came around 330pm so that we could be around for the dinner menu. In my opinion it is better than Home Town Buffet.  Luckily I came when there was no line but place was still pretty pack.  My niece especially love the cotton candy, in her mind it is the best buffet around just because it has that.  Definitely will be coming back.
1	Crowded....and you pay first before sitting down...The worst? Make sure ALL your family members get here, otherwise, you won't be seated since they have to carefully count and organize the tables and chairs to squeeze in everyone. Our family got shit for it because it was the first we've been here, and so they should at least put up a sign outside for people warning them that!Food wise - The steaks were chewy and dry...even the medium rare ones....Prefer Souplantation or Sizzler better....Prices are cheap, just like the food...First and only time coming here....Though one Pro: They're molten lava chocolate cake was pretty good....
2	Wanted to try & check it out, considering the long lines. Don't think it was worth it, and pretty sure I wouldn't go again. Doesn't live up to the hype.
2	We decided to try this place since its close by. I categorized this place as my 'will try once" food place. I really want to like it because of their selection. Sadly i am not returning as a customer. - long wait, disorganized- food was blah, only good food was texas toast! - not a lot of seafood selection
4	I can't believe I actually ate here and I actually didn't hate it!!I am not a fan of "All you can eat" restaurants. I hate Hometown Buffet and Sizzler. I barely even like Vegas buffets. The reason why I don't like buffets is either the quality sucks or it's way too expensive.Well, Golden Corral wasn't that bad. For the price, the quality is pretty good. The price is roughly $10 or less and there's a variety of the usual buffets foods like meats, pastas, breads, mac n cheese, etc. But the quality is pretty good considering you are only paying $10 or less. Their desserts are really good too. They don't have your typical vanilla/chocolate soft serve but instead it's even better! They have cookies 'n cream and hazelnut ice cream! The lines are long but if you are hungry and patient, it will be worth it at the end. I don't plan on coming back in a regular basis. As mentioned, I don't enjoy buffets much. I rather eat elsewhere and get better quality foods. Not to mention, I don't eat enough to get my money's worth from a buffet. But this place exceeded my expectations. If I had to come back, I wouldn't be opposed to it. I'd be more open. It's not a bad buffet by any means. Worth a try!
1	will not go here again...its just nasty now...been here too many times...
4	This place is much better then I expected. Its pretty much better then Hometown Buffet in every way. You can see the cooks preparing the food. The food looks good. The food tastes good. The only thing I dont like is that you cannot get your own drinks. Due to how busy this place always is, I have issues having my drink filled.There is a Hometown Buffet about a block away from this place and they are in trouble. The only reason to ever go to Hometown is if you have coupons or the line at Golden Corral is just too long and you are willing to settle for inferior food.
1	This place was good when it started grand opening. I came back again today. I notice  everything seem kind of dirty. The dishes was sticky and grimey. Everything seem kind of out of place. I notice the food quality was pretty bad this time due to the way the cooked the food. when I 'd ask for medium rare I keep getting well done. I do thing I would be coming back here again. w
4	Long wait in line
2	Against my better judgement, I tried another buffet.  As expected, the food was cheap grade.  The salad bar was good, but salads are not expensive.  I tried a little of everything, and it all reminds me of the food they serve at school cafateria's. Pay a little more and have a nice sit-down dinner and skip the cattle-drive lines. It took forever to get seated and the mob seen ruined the evening. They were so busy, they counldn't keep the plates clean. Oh... stay away from the chinese food.  It was horrid!
3	All I can say is WOW! I'm not sure if its a good wow though. I've seen for many years now all the commercials on TV for Golden Corral that I had to try it for myself. And considering there's so few of them in Southern California this was a must try.I pass by the City of Industry Golden Corral every time I travel into Los Angeles. And it's always busy.The one other word that really comes to mind about my visit to Golden Corral is SODIUM!!! Boy, everything was really salty. To be honest, the food wasn't bad for a place like this. I had the buffalo chicken wings (pretty good), the bourbon chicken (not good), fried chicken (good, salty), roasted chicken (good, salty), steak slider (dry and too hard of a bun), Southern style fried fish (fish was tender but soggy cornmeal breading), fried okra (same problem as the fish), and the pork steak (very good but salty).Overall, I'd say it was better than I would have expected. It sure reminded me of a Sizzler meets Home Town Buffet on Steroids!!
2	This place is "eh".There seems to always be a long line out the door, so I was expecting this place to be good. On the contrary, it's pretty cramped inside, and extremely messy. The atmosphere inside seemed like one where even if the place was spotless, it'd still feel messier than the average bedroom.Some of their food was pretty good. I'm religious and I came on a Friday, so at the time, I wasn't to eat any of the meat, so no comments on that. However, I tried almost everything else; it was pretty good for a buffet.But... the broccoli was pretty overcooked, so that was kinda disgusting. I also tried their soups: the chicken noodle and the clam chowder. The clam chowder was too runny and tasted really strange, while the chicken noodle tasted like nothing.I noticed that they had two things common buffets don't have: cotton candy, and a chocolate fountain. That was pretty interesting. I didn't try the cotton candy, although it seems to be very popular among the children. The chocolate fountain was pretty good, although I'm not much for sweets, so I didn't eat much of it.I ended up walking out very bloated, as should be expected from a buffet. However, my bloatedness was full of regret.
3	Not sure what's so great about Golden Corral and why there was such a long line for this place. For me it just seemed like any other ordinary American buffet. If anything, there are a lot of seats and a chocolate fountain. Food quality is fine, but I didn't really find anything special. I did enjoy the chocolate fountain though! Yumz.
2	Its overrated. Big line. Average food, service, drinks. Cost for 3  adults for dinner on saturday around $57.48. Nothing special. Move on people nothing to eat here!
1	DISGUSTING!After waiting for an hour, we finally arrived near the end of the line where I can grab my strawberry soda. After paying my cheap admission price of ~$12, I was eager to start my dinner with hopes it would be decent given all the hype. 10 minutes later, I ate raw canned corn which were half cooked, a piece of steak that was rock solid when suppose to be medium rare, chow mein which tastes far from even mein, and lukewarm broccoli. It made me really appreciate the other bad buffets I have been too. This is by far the worst buffet I have been to. The floor was grossly dirty. Pieces of bread and meat lingered all over. Parents were letting their kids roam free, dropping ice cream and strawberries. I even saw a kid pick his booger out before using the same hand to grab a corn on the cob. Needless to say, I lost my hungry appetite FAST. The salad bar was not any better. The lettuce was not in cold temperature. The dessert section was mediocre with plain peach cobblers. Not worth the drive. Now worth the wait. Not worth the price. Just not worth it at all.
3	I finally ate at Golden Corral.....and it didn't suck! I categorically hate buffets, but I couldn't help but be curious about Golden Corral since I see huge lines here every weekend. We strategically came on a Wednesday at 5:30 to avoid the crowds so we only waited about 15 minutes. While I didn't eat anything particularly memorable, none of it outright sucked either. With the exception of the salad bar, everything is 2 ticks higher than what is served at Hometown Buffet. I'm not saying I'd come back, especially not if there's a long line, but if a man put a gun to my head and forced me to eat at a buffet Golden Corral might be it.
1	This was my first time. I went with my family a party of 7 and first it was soo crowded the line was out the door. I felt like cattle in a barn. Once we got closer I saw there was another line inside it was loud and hectic. Needless to say we got out of line and went somewhere else. Didnt want to spend my Friday night at a Zoo
1	GROSS. i will NEVER EVER come back here again!! go back to Hometown Buffet people seriously & i don't even like Hometown that much!
3	The line is ridiculously long! I can see why the herd of people come here, the price is incredibly inexpensive for the variety of food they have available. The food quality is a notch higher than Hometown Buffet. They have really tasteful steaks here made to your liking, cotton candy, and real ice cream, not soft serve, but real authentic ice cream. Not too bad for a whopping $12 or so. Would I come here again? Maybe, but it sure won't be anytime soon. I am claustrophobic and the thought of having to go through the whole waiting in line ordeal and squeezing my derriere through the crowds just to get to the food items is pretty anxiety inducing for me. So for the price, the food quality is right, but not worth an anxiety attack for me, it's just not worth it.
4	After seeing the commercial on TV, I finally got to try this place.  I kinda hesitated when I saw the reviews on yelp, three stars still better than Hometown buffet with only two.  When I saw the line, I was thinking how long it will take.  However, I also convinced myself that if the food wasn't good, there was no reason for people to wait in line for so long.  Right?!The wait wasn't that bad, it was about 25 minutes I think.  They have a variety of foods and they were yummy!! I like the roasted chicken so much, it was juicy and soft.  It cooked just well!! The clam chowder was pretty good too.  Their foods are very decent and I really enjoyed it.  (I'm very picky)  The desert section was pretty good.  They have scopes of ice cream provided to you.  I tried the cookie & cream, it was soo good.  The best thing is they have cotton candy for you in just seconds.  I really liked that.  The beverage was $1.99 each but I didn't know until I paid.  Because I saw everyone was getting a drink. LOL.  But they are refillable so it's reasonable.
1	DISGUSTING and UNSANITARY!!!Is it possible to give a restaurant NO STARS?I've gone to this restaurant a few times since inception at the Puente Hills Mall location and the more I come to eat, the worse the customer base becomes and the more disgusted I get.While people were standing in line to be seated, they have already started eating with their hands - that means that bacteria they have on their hands will transfer to the serving spoons when to go for their seconds, thirds, fourths....  Then there's these people who are so happily thinking how cool it is to hold their strawberries before sticking them to the chocolate fountain... AGAIN, it's called "spreading germs, people."  The staff sees these issues and don't correct or replace the food.I will never go to this place again.Manuel R. is correct, their name should be changed to GHETTO CORRAL.
4	Ok, based on some of the horrific experiences some have had here, I guess maybe I just got lucky?my gf and I came here on a Wednesday night, about 6.30, and the line was fairly short (maybe... 15 people ahead of us?) and we were seated fairly quickly, so no real issues there.  You know what, I'll just list out the bad and good:Bad:  1)  Yes, the clientele here isn't exactly what you might describe as the upper crust of the san gabriel valley.  But guess what?  IT'S A BUFFET, WHAT ARE YOU EXPECTING?2)  2 dinners plus 2 drinks was $30 after tax and everything.  Not exorbitant, but not exactly cheap either.3)  The restaurant layout is horrible.  The buffet is essentially one long  strip, but for some reason they have the line coming in right at the middle of that line.  Imagine a T-shape, basically.  So what you have is huge congestion at the intersection of that T, with people coming into the buffet and people getting their food.  I don't know who designed this restaurant, but they must not have graduated from an accredited university.4)  As others have mentioned, the food was a bit salty.Ok, now the good:1)  The steak was actually very good, especially for buffet steak.  Now let's not go overboard and say it was one of the best steaks I've had, but I will say it was definitely one of the best buffet steaks I've ever had.  I've certainly had regular restaurant steaks that were worse.2)  The gf enjoyed the chocolate-covered stuff (I don't eat sweets, so I have no comment)3)  The salad tasted very fresh.  Most buffet salads are all wilty and disgusting, but maybe I just got lucky and had a fresh batch or something?4)  I could actually taste the shrimp in the fried shrimp.  Usually buffet shrimp consists of a nanometer-wide shrimp surrounded by an inch of breading, but this wasn't the case.  I actually tasted shrimp!All in all, it was a decent experience.  Would I go back?  If the line was short and I was super hungry, sure.  But if the line is coming out the door, there is no way it's worth it.
4	Definitely one of the best buffets I've been to. The wait is long (about 50 mins) but other reviewers prepared us for that. The prime rib was better than some "sit down" restaurants I've been to. The fried shrimp was crisp and not greasy. All of the veggies at the salad bar were fresh. The top sirloin was over cooked for my taste but the desert choices were great. Cakes, pies, ice cream, bread pudding and even cotton candy!
2	OMG, I can't believe I was dragged here. While, yes, they had a large selection of food, most of it was mediocre at best. For the rest of the day, I felt like a rock had settled to the bottom of my stomach and was not hungry thereafter even though I only had a small plate of food. Imagine the calories you're packing! I do have to say that their dessert table is quite extensive and was very tempting. I would say that is the best thing about the place. It just makes me uncomfortable that the fast majority of people in the restaurant really should not be eating at a buffet and certainly not a buffet packed full of calories like this one. Plenty of parking outside. A little hard to find as it is buried within a shopping complex.
4	I've come here 4 times in the past year :O. That's 4 more times than I should have been........... but the BF and I have concluded that this place serves the best American style breakfast in the area... if you know what to pick. Here is our routine: 1. Download onto google excel the menu/nutrition facts from their website. Highlight what foods have more than 2g of transfat and avoid (which is basically the hash brown and the entire pastry section)2. Go early (around 10am) and there isn't a wait. 3. After you pay, run into the omlette line and immediately get one. Get lots of spinach, onions, mushroom, bell pepper and some ham. Asked for EGG WHITE. Tip the guy making the omlettes. He works hard and is really nice. 4. Get some side food: melon and cantelope.... and limited amount of bacon and breakfast casserole thing.... get some chocolate and regular milk5. Go back to the table and eat omlette. Get back in line and get a second omlette. 6. Eat omlette. Wipe mouth and leave. To avoid a tummy ache, avoid all other sections of the restaurant and do not, I repeat, do not fall asleep after you eat.
1	Long line = good food? Nope. I don't know why people are willing to stand in line for a long time to eat at this place.  Or why is there even a line at all?  It's not even exactly that cheap either.  This place is really disgusting and unappetizing.  I only ate here because my parents had a semi-decent experience their first time so I thought it was worth a try.  Horrible mistake. Atmosphere:Tons of people and kids running everywhere. I think it has to do with being located next to Speedzone and Round One.  This place is no where near being upscale or anything.  It's an American self-served buffet that lacks the aesthetic feature.  Even the dinnerwares are horrible. The dishes are not made of porcelain but probably clay with a glazed outer layer.  This produces many visible scratches which makes it look like you're eating off something you get at a 99 cent store.  I bet some of those glaze particles got in my food as well.Food:Been to Hometown Buffet before? The food at Golden Corral is only slightly better, but only just by a hair.  They offered a bit more variety such as steak, buffalo wings, popcorn chicken, chocolate fondue, and cotton candy.  Sounds appealing, but they are not good at all.  All the food there are practically frozen food which were reheated.To add more insult to this place, I found a RAW shrimp in my popcorn shrimp!  (I have uploaded a photo in their page).  And I already ate one too!  The only reason I was able to find out was because the outer bread shell cracked when I stabbed it with my fork.  Imagine if I hadn't.  Also I can't really complain about this since it's a buffet and not individually served restaurant.  Even if I did, they probably wouldn't do anything about it anyways.Service:Slow service here.  We got our drinks after we finished our first plate.  I mean it's not like we're asking too much.  I think it is just common courtesy to get our drinks right away when we first got our tables.  It should be their first instinct.  I can understand that this place gets pretty crowded so they might have just forgotten.  But, I still find it a bit unacceptable.  I wasn't expecting great service anyway since it's a self-served place after-all.I advise people to NOT eat here if you are looking for something decent to eat.  However, if you want to get stuffed, then by all means go here.  Just don't expect to be mind blown.
4	First off, Ignore the low ratings by some of these "buffet haters"  These people just don't like buffets and if you're one of them, please don't go. Why do you guys even waist your time posting reviews from buffets you so clearly don't care for?      That said to all of us that love buffets, this is the best buffet second to "Rio" in Vegas.( That one is the "Holy Grail" )  Golden Corral offers Great steaks and a whole slew of different stye chicken wings.  tasty pizza and it goes on and on.  Just come, that's all I need to say.!!   Cons.  Restaurant  should be bigger IMO.
4	Well, first of all to all that complain about the place; get real and pull your head out of your asses, you are entering a southern style $12 family buffet. It is a FAMILY buffet, of course there will be kids roaming around. Don't want kids roam around in a buffet? Then dont go to a buffet!!! How hard is that to understand? Second, this particular place is the only golden corral within 100 miles. Feel free to drive to bakersfield or outside san diego if you dont want to wait in line! Also, it is a buffet, people can do what they want when they are waiting for the table (eat if they want). To the crazy lady that says this will spread germs, How will this spread germs? Are they picking out food with their hands? Or are they eating with their hands after pick out food with a tongue? To the guy that expect perfect steak that you ask for; you are asking a grille guy that is cooking 30-40 steak at one time. Some times he gets it right, some times he doesnt big deal?! If you want steak cooked right, buy a grille, get some usda choice steak from costco and cook it yourself! Now onto the reviews after ignoring the haters.I have been here three times and it has never dissapoint. You learn to give the waiter/waitress more time as it is a busy place. My suggestion is to visit during the week days and NOT WEEKENDS if you dont want to wait an hour in the line.Food: i will only talk about why people come here, which is steaks. i am a steak guy, you learn to ask the guy for the steak you want instead of for him to find one for you. Keep in mind this is buffet steak, not your expensive restaurant sitdown steaks. Over cooked or under cooked? Ask for a new piece instead writing stupid review like some negative reviewer here. The other must have would be the texas style toast! Absolutely awesome and reminded me of the great toast i had in Houston once.As for the rest of the food, it is for you to find out what you like.Tips: want to save some bucks? Go in before 4pm for early dinner and you can pay lunch price and still have steaks after 4pm.
2	Let me first say we have been looking for a reason to drive up and try this, because we have eaten at several GC's in Nebraska when we go for vacation each year (Omaha, Bellevue and Lincoln locations), and it is really a nice place to eat. We have always been surprised at the selection of fresh fruits, veggies, and nice meat options they had, so we figured the CA location should be better, even yet. We did see the reviews, most of which are not so hot, but, decided we would go check it out, and weigh it against the locations we have been to and enjoyed.1) SALAD BAR - The leafy items (lettuce, spinach, etc) were mushy, and soaking wet from what i assume was water, but, they ended up being soggy and pretty much not edible(i believe its pretty hard to ruin fresh lettuce, and spinach, isn't it?)...Sad when it was simple salad fixings.....Definitely ZERO stars of 5 here.....HORRIBLE!2) MEAT/VEGGIE OPTIONS - Although these were not horrible, they were horribly disappointing. By this i mean they were simple, basic, and nothing really special that we couldn't have gotten at other buffets. Sadly disappointing. Maybe 2 stars of 5 here.3) TASTE- This may have been the biggest disappointment of them all - There were 2 options. One was so salty you could barely stand to eat these items (this was chicken, potatoes, Mexican menu, etc)...Just horribly over salted!, The 2nd option, was bland, tasteless food - Like they forgot to add any seasonings whatsoever?? Again, this would rate a ZERO of 5 stars in my book.4) CLIENTELE - While you expect some big eaters at these type of buffets, i have NEVER seen so many 200 lb women, and 300 LB Men, eating like a bunch of wild rhinos, like this was the first food the had seen in a week....It was a disgusting site to say the least. Not to mention trying to get to the food with them in front of you, they were scooping, eating, burping, etc...I don't want to make fun of anyone, or be rude, but, what we witnessed here, was a horrible scene, and if i could rate this at a negative, i would.4B) CHILDREN - I don't mind well behaved kids at a restaurant at all, but, there were kids running wild all over this place while we were there. If you weren't careful turning around after putting food on your plate, there would be a kid running by knocking the plate out of your hands, or they were in the line in front of you touching, and tasting the different items......I listed this as 4B, because a lot of the kids i am talking about, were with the food shoveling adults from #4 above.5) DESERTS - This is where i would have to give a pretty good rating - They do have a large selection of deserts to choose from. After dealing with most of the negative items above, i didn't try anything, i just wanted to get the hell out of this dump before i barfed. My GF decided she would go have a couple of strawberries dipped in the chocolate fountain - Guess what, not a strawberry to be found, and we are in the peak season right now for fresh strawberries, and they are dirt cheap at all of the local super markets.....Disappointing to say the least.SUMMARY - We will NEVER go back to this location for as long as we live. We went last Friday at about 11 am, trying to avoid the long lines, and have some fresh menu items, before everyone got there for lunch, but, that plan sadly failed based on the above notes. I was more than disgusted leaving this place on Friday, but, i did want to think for a few days before reviewing. You may think my review is mean, and over stated, but, i assure you this is what we experienced at this location. When we weigh this location against the many locations we have visited in the Midwest, this place would barely rate as a garbage dumpster in comparison.If you do decide to go here to get your grub on, i would say you will get your moneys worth, if you can stand to sit and eat with all of the issues this place has. I would suggest entirely different management, and possibly many or all different chefs, because this place couldn't have been a bigger disappointment, and this is coming from someone who's first stop after the airport in Nebraska is Golden Corral! All of this was on a weekday at 11 am, so i can only guess what its like during a real rush hour, or weekends.....My real rating would be 1.5 stars, but, i gave it 2 just to be kind - certainly does not deserve the 2 stars in any way.
3	The wait can get crazy at times but all in all the food and price is worth it. I couldn't get enough Steak which was a surprise seeing how this is a buffet. The shrimp was so/so but no real complaints. The teriyaki  chicken was great and I managed to make a incredible salad with what the salad bar had to offer with little creativity. With plenty deserts to choose from I gotta give this place credit and before I forget the have a military discount. Knowaboutit
2	Highly disappointed. This place is nice inside, set up is clean however the food is not good! The best comparison is school cafeteria food. Lacking of protein (meat options)... Alot of the food was cold and had been sitting for a while. Will never go back.
1	I love buffets, and I was excited for this one, but it was crap.Cons-They don't have the bbq wings they're currently advertising, which was the whole reason we went there. We went during dinner hours, when the website says they have them, but they didn't. I asked if they were going to bring them out, and they said no.-Girlfriend tried getting a well-done steak. The guy kept telling her to come back in 5 more minutes, which she did 5 times before we left without ever getting it.-We had to wait in line for an hour and 20 minutes.-The food was a slight step up from Hometown Buffet, but there wasn't much that you couldn't buy out of a box at Walmart.-Total cost for both of us was $30 (2 buffets + 1 drink + tax) We should have just gone to Wingstop, where $30 would have bought us more than all we could eat, plus sides and dessert. Pros-If you like steak (but not well-done) you might be able to get your money's worth here.
4	Okay so here's a review for this place:First off I see a lot of people complaining about the level of children in this place, and to all those defending the kids, yes I totally understand this is a family buffet and there's a lot food aimed towards children, but even as a young adult myself, I also kinda have to side with the complainers here. I didn't have a problem with the level of children, but I DID have a problem with how some of them acted around there, it wasn't even the smallest kids, but kids around 6-10 years old that were the most irritating. I cannot tell you how many times they would just cut in randomly and take food, or touch food and not take it. The worst was when I was about to pick up the utensils to grab the last garlic bread some kid came up and took it with her bare hands! I mean uh parents of these kids can you at least take a little effort in how your kids act when going out? Yes their kids, yes they don't care about others but COME ON, I REALLY don't want your kids touching food I'm about to eat thanks, and I'd also like to grab the food I waited in line to get next, but whatever, it didn't bother me that much to a point where I wouldn't come back solely because of that.BUT minus the kids, which really isn't too much of a big deal, I really liked this place. They have a really great varieties of food, and most importantly, they know how to do it right! Nothing tasted off or anything you'd expect from a typical buffet. And yes, they do have steaks at this buffet! They aren't the best steaks, but they're still better than most places. I honestly don't think there wasn't one thing I got here that I did not like. The best thing about this place for me, which totally made this place ever better was their dessert section! One of the BEST casual buffet dessert places I've been to. The flagship dessert item here is their large chocolate fondue fountain! It is amazing in every way you can dip rice crispy, marshmallows, sugar cookies, and also strawberries! They also have real ice cream besides your typical frozen dairy sludge that melts in seconds, and also which totally took me by surprise, they make cotton candy freshly made! Overall, I really enjoyed this place, its so much better than Hometown in every way, the food was excellent, and that's why it deserves 4 stars. The only other problem besides the level of kids, which regardless still won't keep me away from coming back, is their setup when you first walk in, you get your cup and drink before you pay and then you kinda have to stand at the register with a soda that will probably be half finished before you even reach your table. The line wasn't too bad when I got there, about 10 -15 minutes, and for the record, you WANT their to be a wait especially for a buffet! Why? Because that means people are constantly getting food meaning things will be replaced more often and therefore fresh food that hasn't been sitting there under a heat lamp.Will defiantly be coming back!
4	I've only been to Golden Corral twice, and both times, I was very pleased that to see that the selection of of food was so big. And although I've never tried the cookies, I here from a reliable source that they are one of a kind. There are only two complaints: First, its very crowded. When you plan to eat there, prepare for very long lines and tight spaces. Second, the asian rice tastes a little weird, so I would stay away from it.
3	Good food for a buffet chain. Extensive salad and dessert section. Kids love love love the chocolate fountain and cotton candy. Okay fine, you got me - even I love the chocolate fountain and cotton candy, happy? Best part of the place.But need to bring up a few cons:- Dear GC... WASH YOUR SHIZ. ALL OF IT. I MEAN IT. plates, silverware, cups - everything, gross gross GROSS, all the time. I usually have to go through 3 or 4 plate selections before I find one without a speck of old food on it. get Kanye and his golddigger to roll up their sleeves and do the dishes in the back... they'd probably be better than who you have now.- the whole 'get your drink before you pay' thing is so annoying. it slows the (always endless) line down, makes it hard for people to hold a drink while digging through their purses for money, and makes it hard for the waiters to have to refill the drinks FOR you during your meal. Tips:- if you want to go for dinner and not have to wait a half hour or more: aim for 6 - 6:30pm. Any later, and you might as well end up in the line for Space Mountain at Disneyland.
5	Quality and variety of food is excellent. Staff and omelette chef are very friendly. Great value. Well managed. Everyone is helpful and will be happy to bring you a coffee or anything else you need. I don't get the negative reviews. Look at the line outside and you'll see this place is a hit! So glad to have a Golden Corral so close by!
1	I've eaten here twice and both times I ended up getting very sick. Although the dinner and lunch prices are cheap, it doesn't make up for the lack of quality in their buffet. The plates and silverware were very dirty and the food was terrible. The service was consistent and friendly but that's pretty much the only positive thing I can say about this place. Didn't learn my lesson after coming here the first time, but I definitely won't be coming again for a third time.
4	The bf had been wanting to come here ever since it opened so after a trip to Disneyland one day we decided to go.This was my first time to a Golden Corral and he had been to the one in Victorville so he was excited that there was one close by. It's your typical buffet. Full of people and busy. What I like about it though it you get more bang for your buck here no doubt. Forget Hometown Buffet! That place is a rip off anyways with mediocre food!Golden Corral exceeded my expectations as far as what they had to offer and then some. They have a friggin chocolate fountain! So if you're in the area and don't have high expectations for a buffet go here. :P
2	Where to start?  Maybe it's because we went there for brunch. The place feels like the old buffets in Vegas, with drab decor and extra large and above clientele. There are a few edible items but most are just average or below. Even the fruit taste just okay. Not fresh and juicy. At least it's dirt cheap at less than $10 for adult sans the carbonated drinks.  I think the main draw is just the cheapness.
3	My darling hubby (aka The Buffet King) has been wanting to come here since it opened.Cousin Amy loves Golden Corral and raved about it.  So we had to try it at least once.Finally we pass by and didn't see a line out the door.Came on a Wednesday, around 1:30 and while crowded, the stations weren't swamped with people.We were able to get in right away, so we decided to give it a shot.No surprise, the hubby had a grand ol' time.Lots of things for him to try.For us diabetics, it's a trial.It was torture to bypass all the good stuff and stick with things that wouldn't make my glucose reading skyrocket later.Very kiddie-friendly!Lots of what I heard a little girl happily refer to as "brown" (fried) food and even cotton candy.Our server, Chris, was great.He should be working at a more formal restaurant!Mixed reactions here.The hubby would love to come back, but he'll have to find someone else to accompany him.  Once was enough for me.
5	OMG i love this place!!!!!!!!!!!!! third times the charm!! we have been trying to come to this place for the past few weeks lol this was out third and final try! we came at lunch time on a friday afternoon. all together with drinks it came out to about $20. i absolutely love that you can see the cooks there doing their thing!! the mini steak burgers were amazing! the salad bar was full of fresh veggies! their fried chicken was ok..toooo moist for my taste(not that i like dry chicken lol) i didnt get a chance to try everything, obviously, who does at a buffet with so many items to choose from!out "waitress" was super nice and very attentive! the desserts were amazing as well! i got soft served ice cream with brownies and peach cobbler lol. i left this place feeling full, but not over stuffed, suprisingly lol i will definetly be back! but not on weekends cause the lines are waaay too long!
4	Liked it but you guys to place on closer to my house in the LBC, food was great and the choices were really cool...please get one built out our way.
5	The food was great the only bad thing is the line
1	I was dragged here for my sisters going away party...that being said it pretty much matched my low expectations and then some.This place is absolutely disgusting. The dining area is gross, messy and kids were running wild. The plates and silverware were dirty and sticky. The food made me sick. This place deserves no stars.
1	Your location is about 45-60 minutes away from or home.  When we arrived we were told that this super long  line would take about 1.5 hours.  We then proceeded to wait from 5:05 PM to 7:40 PM, over 2.5 hours.  As waited to be seated a 5 year old girl vomited on the carpet in front of the food in about 6 places and the staff reacted slowly to getting it up.  I am sure you can imagine how terrible it would be to wait that long on Father's Day and then be just 3 feet away from that.  Once we were seated it took 25 minutes to get a glass of water and the BBQ ribs we came to get were never available after 6 attempts to get them.   I told the manager and he brought a TOGO box with a few ribs as we left the location for us, but that was a waste as we were not headed home and the spoiled.   The location was super crowed and the plates, cups, forks and spoons came out wet and some of them still had food on them.  We had to wait in lines for 5-15 minutes to get any food items.  It was a terrible experience.
5	$14 for an amazing buffet, filled with a real grill, a huge salad bar, Ice cream station with fondue fountain, fresh breads and biscuits, personal service at the carving stations, a huge variety of ethnic stations, and you can choose your own drink before you even reach the cashier!That is what I'm talking about! Golden Corral is a league better than Hometown Buffet; and while not as amazing as some of the Buffets in Vegas, if you aren't actually in Vegas, then this is the next best thing. Extremely worth the money, especially coming with friends or family. Which is my only nitpick is that this place is too small! There seems to always be a line out the door during any normal dining time every day. The crowds leak into the buffet sections, and kids run around all the time. It's certainly a place for you to practice your plate-fu as you attempt to straddle and dodge the darting children and roving chains of people waiting for a fresh steak.
1	Golden Corrald: A LOUD CROWD where people are treated like cattle in a feed lot!!!
1	Not worth 30 for 2 people. Place was kinda dirty. I mean they sat me next to the vacuum and across the restroom. Not to mention directly Under the ac I was freezing and my food was getting cold.
3	I spent a few years in the south (FL/GA/SC), Golden Corral has always been a favor for me when I am craving for fast, cheap and AYCE southern comfort food. Once, or even twice a week is normal for me.After returning to Cali, I have been craving Golden Corral for as long as I can remember. Before this one, which I can safely say is the ONLY one in the entire LA-basin opens, I have to either go to Victorville or across the border to Kingman, AZ to get a fix.Before you continue reading my review, I'd like to state I am limiting my review on few items that I consider Golden Corral signature items. I will somehow briefly touch on the other subjects as well to make this review as fair as possible.I went to the buffet on a Sunday afternoon, as soon as I arrived in the parking lot and saw the line, I actually turned around and went "LOL NOPE", then head home. 48 hours later, I was there. No line outside the establishment, nor any waiting inside as well. To put it bluntly, try to visit if on a weekday before lunch/dinner rush if possible.Most patrons found the drinking fountain provided before you even pay is intriguing. However please be aware, in the south when it's hot and humid outside, the first thing you want to do as soon as you step into a Golden Corral is to grab a cup, fill it with ice and sweet tea, chug it down and sigh in relief. As for the tea they provided at the fountain? I can say it's pretty close to what they provide in the south.My first plate include southern style cabbage (how much I wish it was collard green), pot roast, mac&cheese, corn bread and some fried chicken pieces in different sauces. The only thing that was close to what I had back in the south was the pot roast and the cabbage. I was very disappointed with the corn bread. I guess it's just difficult to make southern signature item in Cali. Mac & Cheese was alright, and the fried chicken pieces were actually pretty good.My second plate consist of meat loaf, fried okra, chicken wings (which they advertised on TV), bourbon street chicken over rice. The meatloaf is slightly better than what Hometown Buffet offers. The chicken wings? Well, I'd avoid them. Not they are bad but the fried chicken pieces I had on my first plate was WAY better. The fried okra... I can tell the okra was frozen then thawed improperly before frying. As for the bourbon street chicken? All I can taste was salt and seasoning. No flavor was detected at all.My last plate had a piece of fried chicken drum stick, more cabbage, a piece of fried catfish and a hush puppy. The fried chicken is pretty much spot on, except too salty. As for the catfish? Surprisingly decent. It is going to be frozen fish but they were able to keep the flavor and the seasoning identical to what they offer in the south. The hush puppy? Well, it was sick as a dog, in a bad way.I didn't had any dessert. I know even though the offers are pretty close to their counterparts in the south, but for sure they were baked back there. So I skipped the dessert all together.The biggest problem with most of the food there is WAY TOO MUCH SALT. I'm aware the southern cooking are "heavy" compare to the rest of the country, but the amount of salt and sodium in the dishes are just way too overwhelming. Yes there are kids there, they do run wild, but as some of you said, it's an affordable family buffet, kids are going to be present for sure.As for the size of the restaurant? It's about average of other Golden Corrals, at least the ones I've been to. Oh and their layouts are almost identical.Services? Please, give the servers a chance. They have very limited walking space and clearance to work with, while avoiding running into their fellow coworkers and patrons, as they trying to clean up plates and refill drinks as fast as they can. Treat them as how you want to be treated.Cleanness? It's par. I'm sure the health inspector will frown upon certain things, but you can't expect it to be spotless when there are nothing but constant foot traffic. They do trying to make it clean though. Notice the hand sanitizers at dish stations and a wrist-hook at the restroom doors.Hype? Well there are some hypes associated with Golden Corral. Then again being the only one around and offers a great price, it's going to be busy.Bottom line, this Golden Corral is below the par of other Golden Corrals. However compare to other chain buffets? It still kicks the other places in the groin with the price-to-food ratio.Will I go back again? Only when I'm craving some cheap southern comfort food.If you want something different with your buffet offerings in the LA-basin, give it a try. Pick a off-peak day and time, and try some southern stuff, instead of the other dishes other places are making (if not better) as well.The only thing that's missing is the hot and humid thick air brushing against your face when you walk out.
3	This location opened up about a year ago and I've never gotten the chance to try it because the line is always ridiculously long. The idea came up and tested my luck and what did you know? The lunch line was bearable (Time : 1:10PM, Thursday!) The layout is pretty much like any buffet. You like up, grab your drink and pay first before being seated. While you're waiting to be seated, the feeling of excitement and anticipation on what to attack first when given the chance. My vision ignored the "greens aka salad bar" and went straight to the grilled steak and onions, dessert section and fried foods. There's a good selection for all and I prefer GC vs HT Buffet any given day. The food is a lot fresher and appealing to the eye and stomach.
4	Ok.  I've read a number of the reviews, and the first thing to say is - why would you go to a buffet and then be disappointed it's a buffet?  I mean. . .duh?Oh, so your friends/family/someone else's fault dragged you here!  So what?  It's a buffet?  You had a choice, you could have said "no!"The first time I went into a modern style buffet (wasn't a Hometown, but same concept), I knew that it had been conceived by a military mess NCO.  This is mess hall food. Food cooked en masse for a lot of hungry people at the same time.  When you cook eggs by the case, you don't get that personal chef touch, so you can't expect that cooked for you taste.  And so it goes for the rest of the food.The bottom line - if you want a nice, quiet setting, with food cooked to your order, then DON'T GO TO A BUFFET, ANY BUFFET!As buffets go, this is the best at which I've eaten!The quality of the food and cooking is better by far than Hometown or any other in So Cal.  The selection is better and wider, and you actually can get steak cooked basically to order.  All you can eat steak, for $14!  It's not Claim Jumper or Outback, but then it's not $35 either. The cleanliness is about what you would expect for a place that's constantly filled to capacity most of the day.  So far, each time I've been the seats and tables are wiped off and clean, and the plates, cups and utensils have all been clean.The negative - well, the only problem I have, and it's the sole reason for four stars instead of five, is that although they make regular announcements over the speakers that children must have an adult with them at all times, they do not station employees to monitor the counters to enforce that rule on all the people who don't monitor their kids.  So small children are often getting their own food, and demonstrating exactly why they shouldn't be.I even had a small problem yesterday afternoon. It was a minor issue, but the manager handed me his business card with a coupon for a free dinner on my next visit.My recommendation: if you're looking for a nice sit-down restaurant, go somewhere else - but if you want an all-you-can-eat buffet, this is the best!
2	Extremely cheap and if your looking for taste....lol you won't find it hereLine is extremely long and after waiting in line for 45 minutes, this family cut in front of us.The dad used his kids to cut in line first! WTF! I wasn't going to make a scene because I didn't want to beat his ass in front of his kids...but then their aunts, uncles, and grand parents starting cutting in one by one...before i knew it, 2 little kids turned into a family of 9! IT WAS ON!!!!!!!!! This experience isn't really the restaurant's fault as they do have many signs posted about no cutting...but still...this is the population you will deal with when coming here.
5	This place is da bomb! Just like with all the other reviewers, this is the next best thing to las vegas. The food is so much way better then hometown buffet. If you enjoy american food buffet this is the best place to go. Dessert was da bomb.  lots of good food and friendly atmosphere. I love the chocolate fountain and ice cream. The beef rib was always gone every time i came back for seconds. This is not a place to go everyday, maybe once a year. Lots of big people here, who loves to eat good food.
2	This place sucks!Long line to get in, you have to pay for drinks, and no variety. The price here is not even cheap at $13 for dinner. They offer like 6 types of tasteless chicken wings, a few sides, a salad bar, and a few mexican items. Their desserts also tasted like they made from an expired box mix.The only redeeming quality that gave his place 2 stars would be the freshly cooked steaks. They tasted pretty good, even though the person serving them cannot tell the difference between medium rare and well done.
3	personally been there twice, never had a problem or saw any of the complaints others have mentionedblows away hometown buffetmy only gripe is trying to get a large piece of steak instead of small onesbut it's always been cooked med rare to my likinglove the bread pudding
1	Went with my family back awhile back hubby got food poisoning and was never back thought it was just a one time incident but after seeing the video leak on how another store had they stored their food... Just say ill never be back because I don't want to take the chance...
1	Visited twice with my family and both times some of us fell ill. Thought it was just a fluke until I saw the news on how one or some used spoiled food and failed inspection. Wrote to them asking questions and was brushed off with little concern on their part.DON'T GO YOU MIGHT GET SICK!
2	OMG this place is horrible. I wouldn't not wait in line to come eat here. I had maybe one thing that tasted good. A roll :/ everything else was kind of bland. People don't like to take care of there kids here. Only thing ok bout this place is the chocolate fountain and the red velvet cupcake. Will not be coming back
4	I've been here two times for lunch and I must say it's been good. yes, long lines, lots of people, but after you've gotten your food, the taste isn't bad at all. The mini cheeseburgers, liver and onions, enchiladas, Chinese food, etc. all have been at least par to better. I mean, they are not too greasy, breaded, or fake tasting. The salads are also fresh and they have a great variety. The deviled eggs are like homemade. And the desserts are just plain sweet and fattening. For a buffet, it's better than most, and for the price, it can't be beat. Lots of good stuff; amazingly, I ate less because for the variety I got, with smaller portions, I felt satisfied.
1	Horrible experience!! Will not go back to again!! All dishes and utensils were dirty. Staff were idiots. Food is as good as expected with the price. Very unorganized when it comes to having you sat
4	Make sure your ass can stand about an hour just to get in.
3	Word of advise, do not go there on the weekend unless u like waiting outside in line in the sun for at least an hour.  The line stretches back to the parking lot.  They even have these water mist sprayers so you can cool off while you wait.  Line kind of reminds me of being in an amusement park (Disneyland, Six Flags). There is only one other nearby location in all LA/IE/OC area in Hesperia so I can see why this place gets packed like sardines. Place is packed with people and is a zoo.  Other than that they have a variety of different food. I personally digged the boneless buffalo wings, they taste like the ones from Chillis.
3	Finally made it to a Golden Corral... and found out that one of the reasons it's called that is because you're corralled into line just to get in.  Seriously, even though we showed up after 1 pm, we had to wait 30 minutes!  Sheesh!We paid the lunch price ($8.99, not counting drinks) - if anything, most of the food was worth the wait.  I LOVED the Bourbon Chicken, the Sweet and Sour Pork, and their fried chicken liver and grilled beef liver, as well as the garlic cheese bread.  The dessert bar is also worth checking out - any place that has cotton candy and a chocolate fondue fountain as dessert options has my stamp of approval.The negative two stars are for the size of the place - it feels very cramped - and for not being able to fill your own drinks.  Then again, the wait staff do a great job checking the tables and refilling your drinks (Chinese buffets, take note).Overall, with more options than Hometown Buffet, I can see why Golden Corral is quite popular (especially as it appears there aren't many locations in So Cal).  Worth going to again... just maybe not on peak periods.
1	this place made me sad. it IS cheap, and there is plenty of food to fill you up, but id rather go to souplantation. it was too depressing for me to sit there with all the aggressively hungry people who were pushing and milling about in lines to get meat. it was just way too busy and hectic for me. i didnt want to stand in line. it was really sad for me watching all the fat people shoving food into their mouths. pros:- chocolate fountain: the only highlight of this meal was the chocolate fountain. but, please be prepared to be cut off in line by small children and pushy asian ladies. - plenty of fat clogging, artery tightening food. heavy on the bread and fried stuff. - price, it is cheapcons:- pushy people!- nothing was tasty, but nothing was horribly gross either- such a mess! hard to find a table that wasnt full. it was just a loud crazy place. a very hectic experience- frozen food: thought id try to be a lil healthier and headed over to the very very empty salad section (surprise!), only to find frozen peas and frozen corn. would i come again? NO thank you.
1	Would you believe that after sending the negative review to the location manager as well as corporate not one reply!Go to Sizzler instead
1	Oh I heard these amazing things about the chocolate fountain!! Ehh im never coming back again...people are rude here...Cursing and talking loud around kids..ya no thanks!
3	Just OK..... I prefer Hometown Buffet.BAD- Line getting into the place ridiculous.  - Initial feeling was that i was being corraled into my seat.  - None of the employees were personable at all.  - Seating was very cramped.  Seating very close to each other.  - Flavors were muted.   Recipes just average. - Selection of main dishes was sub par.  - Most of the time overcooked, dry and underseasoned.- Desserts were overcooked.  Cake and cookies dry/ - Carrot cake was tasteless and one of the worst carrot cakes I've ever had.  GOOD- Good variety- I thought the Greens, fried okra and tempura onions were good and not greasy.- Salad was good.  lettuce was fresh.
2	Just BAD. Greasy food that has been picked over and the staff is slow on cleaning the areas. Piles of dirty dishes, and trays in the middle of the seating area. I will not be back. Even if someone else is paying I would not come back. YUCK!
3	we went last night for the first time, it was just okay.  the food was mediocre at best.  the only bright part of our dinner  was our server Sabrina.  She was friendly and attentive, always kept our drinks refreshed...we'll probably come back because we have boys and they thought it was great!
1	Corral is right. You get herded in and fed in an overcrowded, messy and loud feeding area, just like animals. So sad. I went once and never again. Take a few steps away to the BJs or Chilis for a much more enjoyable dining experience.
4	This is a buffet restaurant and should be held to the standards of a buffet not of a traditional sit down restaurant like the those nearby. The staff does as much as they can it seems with the herd of people who line up and wait minutes and nearly hours just to walk in to the restaurant. Yes, this place is loud and can be messy but the atmosphere of the restaurant is due to the customers. Customers who are loud, who are uncivilized & whom allow children to roam free like loose cattle. Can give low stars on this accountAs for the food it's better than the average buffet locations around. Remember this buffet food which is made in front of you for the most part unlike other places. Can't expect 5 star dining from a buffet restaurant.Overall if you want to just hang out and possible wait a while to enjoy better than average buffet food come to this location. Expect the noise and rowdy crowd and expect to walk in to a buffet line.
1	It probably could have been a good experience if the place wasn't such a zoo. I mean, having lots of customers isn't a bad reflection on a retaurant, but at a buffett, it really puts a damper on things when you have to wait in line for every helping of food. And I went at 4 in the afternoon on a weekday! I waited maybe 15 minutes just to get in; when I left, the line was much much longer. Not to mention, with so many people, it was really loud (not in a fun TGI Fridays way), an it was hard just to move around (which you have todo a lot of, since it's a buffet).The food was comparable to the median quality of Hometown Buffet; I've gone to HB and had better food at times, and worse at others. In other words, not terrible, but not that good. They had some special offerings (pan-seared seafood and steak), but if my experience is representative of the norm (which according to many reviews it is), you probably won't get to try them. This is because they make just one small pan at a time, each one taking several minutes. It' like you get the worst of both worlds: you have the wait of a sit down restaurant, except it's a buffet so rather than sitting at your table and having someone bring it to you when it's ready, or even having a number called, you just he to stand in line while they cook and hope you'll be able to get some.The one thing waiters do bring is your drink, and as one reviewer said (it may have been on Google Reviews), you practically have to beg for a refill. Seeing as how you're at an AYCE buffet full of salty fried food, having them more on top of refills (or having self-serve drinks like Hometown Buffet) would be a big help.Overall, I had a very unhapy experience. I would like to try this Golden Corral again sometime, but I am hesitant. Some things can be improved (drinks being self-serve or at least refilled reliably), but if there is never a time at dinner (lunch has limited menu) where the line isn't out the door and the place more like a corral than a restaurant, I'm not sure what can be done short of opening a second one nearby.
5	The greatest place on this earth.  Fo sho! I'd wait hours ....hours!!! Wayyyy better than Hometown.  I'll never go to Hometown again.  Ever. @Sean R you are crazy
4	You know what? I actually dig this place. I came here not expecting much, and I was very pleasantly surprised by the whole deal. Quantity, quality, service, value... check x 4. Don't get me wrong. Golden Corral is by no means a place you would expect to get 5 star cuisine... but for the price point, I think it's totally spot on. From what I'd heard from others, I was expecting worse than Hometown Buffet and luckily, we got that, and then some.Really enjoyed the salad bar, very fresh and good selection... and the cheddar biscuits- totally reminded me of Red Lobster's version. Some of the items were hit or miss. Mini sliders were a total surprise hit for us. Stick to the basic American comfort foods like fried chicken, meatloaf, mac and cheese, etc. and you'll be just fine. The "Chinese" food was very meh. So you doubt my 4 stars? 9 bucks for all you can eat, babe. The good totally outweighs the bad. You can't go wrong with that.
4	The food was decent for the price you pay, but the chocolate fountain and the dessert in general is amazing :D
4	This is one of those places I've seen on tv commercials over and over again. It drove me nuts that I had to go eat here! I drove by here on Sunday and the line was ridiculous! The line was into the streets. I decided to try again last night around 8:30 and it wasn't a wait. Walked in and quickly got a table. The Golden Corral is a much better version of hometown buffet. For $12 I'm not coming in expecting Michelin star food, but I was pleasantly surprised by the buffet. The food actually tasted good. The service was exceptional with a very attentive staff.Steak was cooked to how you asked for it. The fried chicken nice and salty. The dessert bar was probably my highlight. Cotton candy machine, soft serve, ice cream, chocolate fountain , and tons of other goodies. I do recommend this place to hometown buffet fans. I also recommend coming here on an off night to avoid the crazy lines. Recommendation: It's a buffet .. try everything! (especially the steak and everything from the dessert bar)
3	Cheap buffet.. comparable to Home Town buffet.Super crowded, long wait, slow service from our waitress whom walk by us slowly several times avoiding all her tables.Good desserts ;-) Baked sweet potatoes & plain salad greens were my favorite clean eats.For this price, sure I might be back upon request only.... not by my own choice.
4	I really like this place. Best are their chicken wings!!! SO GOOD SO JUICY SO GOOD!! The thought of coming here gives me a surge of the happy chemicals to my brain. I love soul food! So much good food here!! No complaints from me :)
1	This review is for the weekend breakfast buffet.It was pretty bad. All the food was cooked wrong or seasoned wrong it seems. I will just list them out! lol - regular bacon. Like no flavor at all. Just bland. I don't know how this happens. Just crispy pork strips. Didn't really taste bacon. - deep fried bacon. The batter was so damn salty! It had the crappy bacon in the middle and this terrible batter. - county fried steak. Not cooked right. The batter was like falling off. The steak was alright, I don't think it was round steak. Way to salty. - the ham cubes. Just tasted bad. what glaze was that! - Hash browns. Not crispy at all, no flavor. Maybe get some salt from that batter for the bacon. - biscuits and gravy. Gravy, no flavor and runny. Biscuits average. - breakfast sausage. No damn flavor man.They had the normal fried chicken, and the normal desert bar. Random mexican food. French toast was good. Apple and orange juice (though apple juice seemed super sweet).Overall, very sad. I like their lunch (sliders and liver n onions baby!). The breakfast food is very bad to me. They need to step it up.I will never come back here for breakfast!I will make a trip for lunch again though )
3	Compared to Home Town or whatever buffet, it is actually pretty decent, for the price you pay, I wouldn't mind coming back, but them lines be long, so you are going to have to be patence. The lines resemble a theme park line as you wait and then begin to zig zag around till you reach the cashier, if you want a drink, you have to grab a cup, fill it up and then proceed to the cashier. Soda or tea is about $2.00, and I think dinner was around $15. After you pay, you tell the lady how many people are in your party, they direct you over to your table, and then you begin to gather your food like the hungry animal that you are.They have a variety of items, the steak is grilled in front of you and you tell the chef how you like it, medium rare actually came out medium rare, which was pretty good for a bland steak. They have hot wings that are pretty good, but the garlic hot wings tasted exactly like the regular hot wings, not sure if the chefs just dumped it in and hoped people thought they were different. The pot roast and meatloaf weren't bad, they actually have murals showing you their cooking process. Fried chicken was semi dry, but it was cruncy. Chicken noodle soup was good, but barely any chicken, and they never refilled the clam chowder.Not much else to say about this place, I don't think I ate any vegetables cause they looked old, and seemed like they were sitting there for awhile.
4	Saturday night at the Corral! YEAH! The only other one I've been to was in Missouri five years ago and I remember smuggling the honey buns back to Cali. It's worth the money and wait. It's the hometown buffet crowd with a cheaper version of a high end Vegas buffet. A buffet with steak and steak burgers is worth stopping at. Check it out if you're in the area because these are few and far between in Cali.
1	It was horrifically discusting and i'm never going back. The wings will make you vomit. Oh, and make sure you check your silverware!!
2	First off the staff here are amazing and surprisingly patient.  They definitely get four stars. They answered questions and did the best they could to accomdate our group during the dinner rush.However, the food wasn't that appetizing and the bathroom was pretty disgusting. I don't think I will be repeating this dining experience.
2	first off, this place has lines out the door come dinner time. my brother and i waited in line a good 45 minutes just to see what all this hype was about. standing in line reminded me of the lines at disneyland. long, slow, and definitely not worth the wait. the selection was alright. service was average, once they sit you down, you never see the waiter again to fill up your drinks. just the guys that take your empty plates away. food was forgettable.
1	Long lines!! this place is horrible , its so sad to see so many people hungry, you have to stand in long lines and get pushed & shoved on by other people just to get a plate. They need to open more restaurants to stop this. It's smells bad you can smell the kitchens bad Oder. I seen kids putting there hands through the chocolate fountain... Gross!!
2	Gross buffet. I give it two stars for the price and the service. The food was so disgusting. I was barely half a plate in and felt like I wanted to vomit. The only good thing was the icecream. But come on now really ? Ice cream ?!?
4	Always wanted to try G.C. but since the closest one is 50 mins away, i never got around to it. About a month ago my wife and I broke down and tried it after my Aunt went and loved it. Im not a huge buffet person but i like to go to one here and there when im in Vegas. I have tried Hometown Buffet a few times in the past and they are HORRIBLE so i was scared to try G.C.First off the lines are InSaNe but you know what? it is totally worth it. The price is reasonable and the food is actually really good. The steaks were awesome and so was 98% of the rest of the food. I have been back since and it never disappoints. Its alittle small so they cram you in but whatever. Why are these not at more locations? There really isnt many around. So i say give 'em a try...i really like this place.
2	Logistics: Came around 11am on Sunday with a party of 7. The line was out the door and onto the asphalt of the parking lot. 50 minute wait. The line got even longer as we waited. Crowded, hectic and large restaurant. Clean bathrooms. Good for large parties. Didn't have problem with parking.Food: Almost everything I had was below average. For example, the orange chicken at panda express is better than golden corral. The person cooking the steaks was an amateur. Salad and fruit wasn't as fresh as souplantation. The only decent things I had was the pot roast, chicken wings, wheat buns and cookies and cream ice cream. A lot of their foods have trans fat. That is unacceptable. I made a list from the nutrition facts on their website and avoided those foods.Service: Good and frequent. There was always a few people asking us what we wanted to drink. I prefer if they just have the soda machines out and we can help ourselves. Overall: I won't be coming back. Similar to home town and debatable which one has better quality. I'll stick with souplantation. We paid 13 per person and the value wasn't there. Don't understand why this place is so popular. The trans fat part really bothered me.
5	best buffet i have ever been too. Lots of food there.. Delicious!
1	I went to lunch around 3pm with no line. Awesome right? Anyways the food was ok. Decent. Better than hometown imo but my gripe is the staff. My server sucks. Never once did she ask if I wanted a refill on my drink and my plates were stacked 4 high...  I had to complain to the floor manager Anthony. He apologized but still the lack of professionalism had caused me to have an awful experience. Don't know if I would go back.  If I do it would ve because of the floor manager
3	Compared to other Golden Corral this one was pretty bad.  It was extremely crowded, the food wasn't as appetizing.  The patron there was disgustingly obese, smelly, loud, packed with kids running around.  It was difficult just to walk to get food with everyone in the way.  The place is definitely wayyyy to small to accommodate the amount of people.  Also because the place is so crowded the drinks doesn't get refilled.  I came on a weekday and I can't imagine during a weekend.
4	Some of the foods they had went beyond buffet food standards, but some fell flat and weren't too great. We got in quick and they sat us down on a night where the line was going outside of the door! The way they had the line set up was interesting, but it managed to work out for everyone! The desert was a bit on the sweeter side, but majority of the service was pleasant!
3	Came here for lunch the other day and it was actually pretty tasty. My diet is limited, so I didnt  get to try a whole lot. I had chicken, veggies, salad and a little bit of pot roast. Everything I had was very good! I was surprised! My server was Chris and he always kept my iced tea filled. He even gave me a free cup of coffee! There's lots of options at Golden Corral.  Both fattening and healthy.Get there early. When we were leaving people were coming in by the masses.
4	I've tried staying away from here after seeing the crazy long lines from the freeway,  but it worked out for us this time!   No line on a weekday afternoon. First time to a GC & was pleasantly surprised.  Everything was really fresh & flavorful.  The ambiance is better than Hometown as it is bright & colorful.  I loved that there were people manning the stations instead of someone running around to refill the food.  It feels like an extended Souplantation.Here are some highlights of the meal:Fried chicken was perfectly fried & flavorfulFried okra was really yummyCotton candy was fun to eatSweet tea is good but a lil too sweetMini slider was perfectly charredNot so great items:Chicken soup & Clam chowder were too thickCaramel/Dark Choc/White Choc fountains were too thin, but the apples were yummyAll in all, I'd be back if there weren't a line.
2	Better than hometown buffet but still nasty food. They have the chocolate fountains but they use very cheap thinned out chocolate that doesn't even dry on your fruit after dipping. Two stars for the cotton candy and ice cream, that's it. Will never come back to this place.
5	If you love steak & don't want to spend much this is your spot all you can eat steak .. Line is long but worth the wait if you craving steak .. everything else is average .. Definitely be back for more
3	Ok it was dirty and I had to wait for 30 mins at least. There is not much to choose from.
1	Messy and not enough AC. Too crowed with sweaty smell. Will never go back.
4	Best Buffet in the Inland Empire hands down.  Gets a little crazy at times but pretty clean and a great selection of different food.  Probably the closest thing you are gonna get to a Vegas buffet without going to a casino.
3	I've been to better, but also paid so very much more.I've been to worse, but also paid so very much more. For Thanksgiving, I went out with my aunt, uncle and cousins to the Golden Corral, to avoid having to cook and clean. All we had to do was endure an almost 90 minute wait in line though. As far as the food quality, it's an inexpensive buffet that didn't make me sick while at the same time, isn't making me scream from the mountain tops to go and eat there. Service was surprisingly good as their jobs are to clear tables and refill drinks. No taking orders, bringing them out or dealing with the bill. It was ok. It's all I that I have to say as that's all that comes to mind.
2	My friends & family really enjoyed it in the beginning. Now what the hell 3 choclate fountains & no more jumbo fried shrimp? whats up instead providing good healthy food first then maybe little desert, now switch to fat sugary desert as their priority. We want good food not fat sugery dersert.. Thats bad business tried to save money on shrimp and switching with 3 OverWeight Fat Ass Fountains.. WHERE IS THE PRIME RIB? STOP SWITCHING FROM GOOD TO BAD!
3	This Place is a cross between Hometown &  soup plantation but with better food & much more choices & I like the food stations there very clean & hot and they serve you flame broiled steak just the way you like it, a salad bar twice the size of the others real ice cream a must try if you don't mind the space mountain type line to get in. How ever note to management the beverage counter at you entrance needs to go away if you can't keep it clean nobody is manning this station.
3	Yesterday was my first time here, and I still have to ask, "what is all the hype about?" The food certainly did not add up to my expectations. Everyone who's been here have told me that it's basically a Las Vegas buffet. This is no where in comparison to a Las Vegas buffet. Granted, there is a lot of variety of food and can cater to many different tastes, though not sure about that Asian section, but overall the food was okay. Nothing in particular stood out. For a group of 14, they were quite accommodating and the wait was not too long.Parking was okay, because our dinner time was around 8 pm on a Saturday. Once the line heads into the door, there actually is another "s" like shape before you get to the cash register. But before you get there, they do have a drinking fountain and etc set up, which I do find quite odd because there are no instructions as to whether or not the clear cups are for fountain drinks only or if they can also be used for water. A lot of us had never been here before so that confused us quite a bit as some people only wanted water and no soda. We ended up just using the cup and filling it at the water station near the cash register. The tap water did have this weird taste to it, I guess it is because it really is "tap" water. If you want a refill of anything, you'll have to flag down your waiter, which can be quite taxing at times. I only went for the mid-section of the buffet which consisted of corn, fried chicken, mashed potatoes, fried shrimp, steak, and etc. I did not go anywhere near the salad or the Asian section. The dessert section did have a lot of variety and it's nice that they have a "baker's corner." The fountain section was a bit confusing as there were barely anything laid out next to the fountains in which we can use. The lines also were sometimes confusing as people would line up at certain areas only (steak) or etc. The plates also were not very clean, I could feel some grim on there. Overall, I do not think I would ever come back here again. Definitely not worth the wait. The workers were really nice and our waiter was very attentive!
5	Great service! Great food! Lots of selection at the buffet. Bbq chicken is excellent.First night opened. (for businesses in area.)
5	Great food. Staff is friendly and helpful. I went for dinner last nite only waited 20 mins to get in nt bad for only 2nd day open . Kudos to Jason(the owner) who I met last nite. Job well down. Come  on Las Vegas let's show our support so they open more afound the valley.
4	My family and I drove here from Green Valley , there was a line up and it moved fast . The staff was very friendly and the waitress came around several times and replenished drinks just as quickly. The fried chicken was awesome and the sirloin steak very good. Good salads and the roast beef was very tender. The desert bar was excellent . It's a nice family orientated place away from the casinos for the locals . The restaurant is big , good parking and bright .  Some people have made disparaging comments about the area  and that is unfortunate .  I hope they are a success and open a few more around town.
3	Food was pretty good for a buffet for the masses. Went for lunch within the first week of grand opening. Tried to get dinner a couple of times during evening but line was out the door. $8.50 for lunch $11.50 for dinner and then add fountain drinks for additonal $1.99. One of friendliest staffs you will come across. Won't be a regular for me, too many other places to eat at in Vegas. Food is well prepared and displayed. Easy to over do it here and you will be surrounded by by those on a mission to get their money's worth. Seating is a little ackward and cramed together. It has an industrial or chow hall feel but the creew keeps it neat and clean. Worth checking out at least once. I am sure there will be life long regulars here.
3	The line was out the door, but it only took about 30 min.  The fried chicken line, seems like there was always a wait, also the steak line.  So the steak was ok, and the chicken was ok, cat fish was ok.   They don't season there food!  I love salads, and the salad bar was really good.  So for the price, for me to get a little meat, and a lot of salad was worth it.   I guess they charge extra for drinks maybe about $4.00.  Service was good for the kind of place it is.  I could care less if I go back or not.
1	So here goes... In my opinion, as I would like to say if I thought something was bad, it was 'AWESOME-  LY HORRIBLE!'  I wasn't impressed with the food QUALITY.  You ask for medium rare and you get well done.  One bite of the pot roast and I was over it.  The only thing I enjoyed was the corn on the cob which I was lucky enough to get one from a fresh batch. Like any other low priced buffet, you get the basic American, Mexican & Asian selection.  I thought the dessert was going to compensate for the disappointment on the overall first Golden Corral experience in Las Vegas but I was even more so disappointed.  The carrot cake was dried.  My experience at the Golden Corral in Colorado was by better than this.  I guess for those who like the basic type of buffets that's convenient and cheep, you might just enjoy this place.  I don't think I'll ever be coming back.  For price and convenience give this place a try.  If you are looking for quality, I suggest you go else where and pay for quality food and selection. Just saying.  Happy eatings!
4	This was our first visit to the Golden Corral in Las Vegas. We had went to another location in Arizona prior to our visit to this location. Here is our review.The location/place:It is pretty large inside this location. As soon as you walk up to the door, you can smell the food from outside. When we arrived during lunch, the line was out the door, and it was packed inside. When trying to get your food, it is difficult to navigate due to the high amounts of people walking around. Overall, other than the crowd, it was clean, and the seating was pretty comfortable.The food:The food is really good. Everything was fresh and tasted great. They have a salad bar, meat area, and dessert area with three fountains. They have a chocolate, white chocolate, and caramel fountain. They have strawberries, marshmallows, and other things that you can dip into the fountains. They also have ice cream and cotton candy. I like the great assortment of desserts rather just the same stuff that they have at the casinos. The best foods that they have are the lasagna, rotisserie chicken, steak, roast beef, pizza, and the ham. Most of the food is good especially for the cheap prices.I give this place 4 stars because it was worth the price they charge and I don't really have any complaints. Service was good, the waiters are really nice and they make sure you are properly taken care of.
3	One of my favorite buffets to go to. I would've put four stars had there been a much shorter wait to actually get inside. I've been to this place like about six times and let me tell you ...THERE IS ALWAYS GOING TO BE A LONG LINE ! ..In the end, the wait is almost worth it considering the food is fresh and delicious. There will always be a lot of people so there's no avoiding that. Great place for the family. The service is good, they always check up on you and they always refill your drink. Other than that, you should definitely try this place out (:
1	First time here and it was ghetto!  People in line were so ghetto.  This little boy, about 8, was getting ice, spilled the ice cause he got too much and then got more ice.  What a waste and where was the parent?  Not watching him that's for sure.  FYI it wasn't an Asian kid.  Food was ok.  Killed my curiosity, will not come again due to the type of people who frequent here.
1	If you want to feel like you are in a prison cafeteria, then come here. If you want to get diabetes or a heart attack, then come here. It is the most depressing environment and the quality of the food is terrible.
2	There was a loooooooooooooong line when we arrived for lunch. I dislike the setup inside walking towards the cash register. As you walk in, it feels like you're waiting in line to get on a ride at Disneyland. LoL!  As you walk up, you will come across the fountain drink area and the lady there will ask you how many cups, etc.  From there, you have to fill your drink and then walk up to the cashier. People take their sweet time at the fountain drink so I can see why the line doesn't move smoothly. NOW the Golden Corral in KINGMAN, AZ. I love how you walk in and the fountain drinks are behind the cashier so they will get you your drink(s) + no line
3	Once i saw the construction of this restaurant, I asked my friends and heard mixed reviews from family and friends. I finally found the time to go with my dad for dinner and there was still a line outside the door! aha. So i figured it must have been worth the hype.After about 20 to 30 minutes of waiting we finally paid and received our seat. So far it was decently clean, especially for how busy it was. Our waittress was very nice and kept coming back to check up on us to see if everything was alright. Good service from her.I always get mac n' cheese from any buffet and it was ok, I liked how i can faintly taste the cheese. as other places it's just like a watered down cheese. The chicken was nearly tasteless to me. Greasy too. But since i got the fresh batch, it was hot and juicy. The steak was good, nonetheless. Everything else I didn't find anything to say other than it's average. Nothing good nothing bad, for a buffet.I like some of the staff, as they are fast and friendly and aren't afraid to smile. I've been to many buffets here in Vegas, and theyre fast but not too friendly.Is Golden Corral worth it's price? I would say yes. it's inexpensive, the food is average, customer service on my visit was great. Come visit once the lines die down, or if youre on this side of town.
3	Went to lunch today, had to wait in line for 30 minutes to get in. We were disappointed that they do not serve steak until supper, could not find their baby back ribs neither. However, their fry chichen was nice & crispy, popcorn shrimp were good, Asian food were ok; was not impressed with the dessert bar, the banana pudding & other desserts were not as good as the other locations we went to before; the staff were friendly & courteous. So glad this restaurant is finally here, hope they open up the other 2 locations soon!
2	Let's say all the hype of the line is not worth the food and the small atmosphere as well as the cramped seating area it is not worth the time at all. Save the money and go somewhere else
1	I just visited this newly opened location yesterday. I used to love going to the golden corral in marysville washington, when I lived there, so I decided to try this newly opened location. The line of people waiting to get in was almost wrapped around the building. In the parking lot, I had to dodge sticky messes everywhere such as discarded half eaten ice cream cones, and cotton candy. The place is only just opened and the parking lot is all sticky and filthy. Nice. had to wait 40 minutes to get in door, and another 20 minutes to get to the cashier. The atmosphere was overcrowded and unpleasant. The cooks could not keep up with the demand from the hungry animal customers, and most serving pans(troughs) were either empty, or running empty. my wife got a piece of fried chicken which was raw and uncooked on the inside. (apparently the cook did not leave it in the frier long enough. The food was mostly not that good.   One thing that annoyed me was that every 2 minutes a server would be hounding me with questions like "is everything alright? can I get you anything?   Some might consider that to be good customer service, but I like to be left alone to try and enjoy my meal. I dont like having 2 or 3 servers constantly hovering over me while I eat. After the 10th interruption , I finaly got a bit rude, and said go away already.   Another thing that kind of sucks is that they charge you an extra 1.99 per drink, on top of the buffet price. I can go to several buffets where the price is 7 to 9 dollars and the drinks are included. The servers at other buffets do their jobs, and for the most part, and leave you alone to enjoy youre meal. If you plan on going to this place, one way to beat the system is just bring youre own bottled water.   Golden corral seems to crowd the tables too close together. Over all not an enjoyable dining experience.
4	First time at this new location. Never been disappointed by GC before, and they still didn't let me down. It took about 15 minutes to zigzag through the line, which is pretty good considering we got there at 5 pm, and we were seated within a minute after paying at the register.Our server Thomas was fantastic, cleared the used plates quickly and kept the drink refills coming without having to be asked. The lines for the food were very reasonable, and the food quality was very good. The fried chicken was surprisingly good, very moist inside and crunchy outside, not all dried out like some other buffets serve. All in all, it was a very good experience.My only hope is that they do well enough to realize that they would benefit by opening a few more locations here in Vegas, as it's honestly a bit of a burden for those of us who live on the west side of town to fight the traffic to get there.
3	Startin' off the year with a BANG BANG Elite Gold badge!Golden Corral in Las Vegas has been months in the making.  Previous to this one now, the closest one is in Hesperia, CA (which I have eaten at and reviewed).  Silly me for taking my family to this new establishment on grand opening weekend!  Damn.The line was LONG.  Like all-you-can-eat crab legs long.  We were standing outside for a good 30 minutes before we even reached the door.  Then it was another 15 minute wait through that line to get to the cashier.  By the time the family and I got to the front we were starving!  I do realize coming on an opening weekend has its ups and downs.  Boy were there a lot of downs this day.  The place seemed to be beyond capacity, all tables were full of families dining.  With this, tables seemed to be pushed even closer together to accommodate more folks.  Our next table neighbor was literally no more than a foot or two from our table.  Talk about close quarters!  But we managed to make due.Lines for the entire buffet were crowded.  Bad, but food was being replenished at a furious pace.  Good, because freshness helps.After getting your silverware and favorite color plate (go ahead - blue, green, red, yellow) help yourself to endless amounts of food.  It's not much different than your average buffet in Las Vegas, and the quality and quantity ends up being right in the middle of the pack.  Think - better than your local Chinese buffet, but not up to par like Wynn or Bacchanal.  There are three main sections in Golden Corral:-On the left is the salad bar -On the right is the dessert bar-In the middle is your main diningI'll give them credit, their salad bar is pretty big for a buffet.  I found all the makings to make a decent Chicken Caesar Salad as well a Cobb Salad.  They even have bleu cheese crumbles!  The main event at Golden Corral is good.  They have a good variation of food on their dining line.  You have foods that go the spectrum:-American-Italian-Mexican-AsianWith American you get your fried chicken, macaroni & cheese, catfish, and grill items like steak and cheeseburger sliders.  Yes, sliders!  This is my main reason for coming to Golden Corral.  Those damn sliders.  They are made of ground steak so the quality is actually very good.  I could eat a plate of these and a salad and be a happy man.  Line up for them though, they usually go very quick!  That day the tray was constantly being replaced, and halfway through our meal they ran out.  Good thing I stocked up and grabbed one for each family member!  And an extra two or three for myself...hee hee.  The catfish was also pretty good, fried fresh so they were crispy and not too oily.  I also enjoyed the fried chicken, as long as they were either leg or thigh pieces.  The breasts are a bit on the dry side.The other food areas were just OK.  I didn't carb out with the pasta or pizza from the Italian station, and the items in the Mexican station were a bit bland.  Really, Golden Corral, you need to improve your Asian station!  Just like the one in Hesperia, not all Asian food has bean sprouts!  Ugh.  But at least your sesame chicken dish was decent.The dessert area seems to be the biggest attraction for a lot of folks, especially kids.  Come on, cotton candy?  Are you serious?  The only other buffet here that might decide to offer it one day would be the Wynn (the buffet of fancy desserts).  So yes, everyone and their Mama had a cotton candy at some point of their meal.  Another big thing at Golden Corral is their highly advertised chocolate fountain.  In fact they have three:  milk chocolate, white chocolate, and caramel.  Great, have your kids dip candy in more candy...can you say DIABETES??  Oi.I do keep it simple on dessert there, I like a scoop of ice cream (yes they have Breyer's or Dreyer's) and their banana pudding.  So easy but oh so good.  Who knew?  Prices at Golden Corral hover around other buffets in our area, $8 range for lunch and $11 range for dinner.  We went on a weekend and hit some kind of all day dinner period so we paid the dinner price.  It was nearly worth it, but the crowds really detracted from the experience.  Hence, the 3-star rating.  I will be back, but probably not for a while until the lines die out a little bit.But good show Golden Corral!  Welcome to the buffet capital of the west!
3	I went on Sunday for dinner and it was about an hour wait outside. For the price I guess the wait is ok.But the food was surprising better than I expected...  Here some of the stuff they have...The salad bar - the usual goodies and dressing.The Mexican section - Enchiladas, tacos, nachos, fajitas, spanish rice & a few others.The American section - Steak, fried chicken, grilled bbq chicken, poached fish, mac & cheese, corn bread & few others.The Asian section - noodles, mandarin chicken & a couple more I can't remember.Dessert bar - Fruits, cookies, brownies, pies, ice cream, chocolate fountain, caramel fountain & cotton candy.Highlight was that the food was better than expected.Overall, I'd probably come back but not if i'm starving lol
1	Not impressed!!!  I intentionally waited awhile after they opened to avoid the craziness... FAIL!!! The line was crazy long which is fine, you finally get inside to be greeted by a soda fountain but OOPS!!! Out of everything except diet crap!!!  15 minutes later upon FINALLY reaching the register, $15 a person??? OUCH!!! After waiting behind a pack of screeching children to finally be seated, I make my way to the food and no big surprise...  more empty platters and disappointment!!! They didn't even have two of three Chocolate Fountain flavors!!! I'll stick to Stations Feast thank you very much!!!
3	After our second attempt we decided to brave the line. We set the timer to see how long it really took and from the line outside to the cash register it took an hour and fifteen minutes. We actually spent less time in the restaurant. As for the price, it was the same as we paid at Green Valley last weekend for adults (the kids are actually a deal because their price includes their drink).It cost almost 12 bucks for an adult to eat dinner and then 1.99 for a drink. Senior citizens saved only 80 cents, but still paid the same amount for drinks. The best part of this whole visit was the food, but unfortunately there were too many negatives that we will not return to this location. Maybe when they open in Henderson or somewhere in Summerlin. I thought the location being in a more low income neighborhood wouldn't be so bad, but some of the class of people were ridiculous, with a complete lack of ability to express their feelings with appropriate English language, racial slurs and talking about sexual experiences in line in front of little kids.I only gave them three stars because of the long wait and the language used by their customers, I would have given them more for the good food and the customer service. All the employees we encountered were super friendly, helpful and nice. I hope they come over to the Henderson or Summerlin location.
1	This buffet is an experience!! First you drive past about 40 day workers in the home depot parking lot adjacent to this location to then park and stand in a line of people that goes out the entrance doors. As you get close to doors.The signage states that All guests must wait in line. Which apparently only applies if you speak English. Then when about 10 people possibly the day workers from home depot meet up with the groups in front of you and you state you need to go to the back of the line and wait,as stated in the sign next to their face they reply with Que? As you finally stop arguing with the day workers and packs of their kids whom neither can articulate any form of response you walk in an see the elderly not being accommodated accordingly and the hombres and kids entering thru the exit doors so they don't have to wait in line. You get to the registers where you see families claiming the ages of children. Policy was great for 2 little kids per paying adults. You finally get waved to a seat as groups of ten plus wait and clog the  entrance ways. As u walk up to the plate areas you notice a lot of children unsupervised touching everything resulting in in sanitary conditions. Plates should be placed higher. If you go directly to healthy options there's no wait and its clean.The dessert areas are  packed with people and kids touching you and picking food up with their bare hands. I observed people (grown adults)picking up food with their bare hands and putting food back from off their plates!!Thats Nasty. As you then see people taking videos on their phones of the buffet line.Also The bathrooms were dirty. The food is decent its cheap and this location really needs to be enforcing food safety from customers by having signage displayed in both English and Spanish.This location is attempting to survive the chaos.It is a bizarre location and I have been to better golden corrals.
2	Finally got the chance to see what allll the hype is about and honestly I don't get it. We arrived at about 8pm and I was pissed that my bf took me here when I saw how long the line was. It was very very very long but it went fairly quickly. Total wait time was probably 40 minutes. I think it's weird how you get your first drink while your waiting in line to pay and be seated. Then when you are dining a server brings you all your refills. I think if they removed the soda station in the front the line would move A lot faster! Price is $11.79pp for adults plus $1.99 for a drink so it comes to about $15pp. Kids are cheaper and seniors get like $0.50 off whoop dee doo. LolIt was VERY crowded in there and I felt a little claustrophobic trying to fight my way through the crowd to get to and from my table. The buffet is pretty small and the food was just OK some items better than others. I enjoyed the meatloaf it was really good and the fried chicken was decent. Mac and cheese not good tasted like tv dinner mac n cheese. The salad bar was quite big and fresh with lots of toppings including real bacon and chunks of chicken. They also had pizza, spaghetti, chili, potatoes, rolls, some veggies, fried catfish and popcorn shrimp, a few Mexican items like enchiladas and taco meat for tacos and some Chinese items like orange chicken and fried rice. They also had made to order steaks which was probably the best thing they had in the whole restaurant but that was about the extent of it.After I was done with the food I went and waited in line for dessert. They had a few different puddings and cakes on one side and the 3 dessert fountains on the other side where mostly everyone was waiting. I dipped some fruit and marshmallows in the chocolate and caramel sauces and they were pretty good. They also have cotton candy and ice cream. I'm glad I tried this place but unfortunately I don't think I will be back. With how many other buffets are in this town I feel the selection was lacking for the price and it was just too crowded. I say 2 stars because the servers were really friendly and always on top of clearing plate and refilling drinks and the dessert fountains were pretty good also.
4	My brother in law and i visited your restaurant today 14 jan 14. we both have eaten inKingman,AZ golden corral. this establishment is just as good. There are alwaysgrowing pains with any new business. I will return and bring my wife. Looking forwardto a restaurant in the centennial area. your staff is great (kudos Arturo) I'll be back.  Arthur W.
1	Not at all impressed...our server was not very happy to be there...food was very sub-par and it was way to crowded. Not the good kind I crowded where you feel like "wow this is great it must be busy because the food is so great.." But the type of crowded where you feel a fight may break out. Also, if the chocolate fountain is their golden gem...why is it ok for people to dip the strawberry,lick off the chocolate and re dip it right then and there...absolutely disgusting! I Waited almost 10 minutes to dip...saw that and was immediately turned away...just saying...Never again!
5	we have been waiting an extremely long time for Golden Corral to arrive in Las Vegas it has been open for a few months now and we finally got a chance to go across town and visit when we got there line was outside of the door and into the parking lot it took us a full 30 minutes to get through the line into the building and then from the front door to the cashier took us another 20 minutes   excluding how busy it was and how behind they were the food was extremely fresh and amazing it was well worth the wait and one of the biggest and most delicious dessert counters I've ever seen and I have lived in Las Vegas my whole life
3	Finally came here and I thought it was mediocre. The service was great with out servers really doing a great job. I thought that the selection wasn't super great but there were definitely some highlights. The steaks they give could be bigger but having the chance to go unlimited times cancels that.The food tended to be VERY greasy. When you see that the white rice is dripping in grease... you know all their food will be like that. The selection was the usual going from "Asian" to some Italian, Mexican, etc. The dessert section didn't have a great selection. The food can be much better and should have more of a selection. Service was top notch. Price was too high for what is served (in comparison to the Station Casinos). I might return again but it's not my first pick.
4	The premier buffet for its selection of food, food quality and table service!The grill prepares the meats for a variety of tastes including steaks. The meat selections include all forms of ethnicities including Asian chicken and pork dishes, Mexican entrees and sides, and Italian lasagna and various pastas. The fruits and vegetables are fresh and restocked by several people stocking & serving the bar, and hot sides include all the steamed varieties. Breads, rolls and muffins are plenteous, as are the melons and fruit spread across the bars at the salads, entrees and desserts. The servers are customer oriented and are always ready and willing to assist, and will even chirp-out a Happy Birthday or two! But wait, there's more! The dessert bar has the famous chocolate fountain replete with an endless variety of items to dip including fruit and specialty items designed for smothering in chocolate. All of this for $12.99 per adult! This is by far the freshest and best buffet in the west. The wait is well worth it and attests to the desirability of the food and service. People go where people are, and it's becoming the place for buffeteers!You won't leave hungry, guaranteed!
3	With so many reviews I'm not sure what I can add except to say that Golden Corral is a moderately priced, family, buffet restaurant that serves a variety of reasonably good food.  There was about a 45 minute wait to get inside the place.  I was afraid that the line outside might lead to a Disneylandish labyrinth of endlessly circling lines inside but thankfully it wasn't too bad.The items I had were all fine: steak, meatloaf, mashed potatoes, peas, carrots, fried fish and chicken tenders, chocolate covered Rice Krispy square, chocolate chip cookie.  The lines inside went fairly quick and there was only one line-cutting incident, not surprisingly at the chocolate fountain...So, of you want an affordable buffet and are hungry enough, it's worth it.
4	Finally had a chance to check this place out along with my girlfriend after seeing all of the commercials on t.v I wanted to see what the buzz was alot about. The line was really long it took about maybe 20 to 30 minutes to wait in line they do allow you to get a drink while in line which is weird because I thought they would ask you what you want bring it to you and give you the refills each time they come by your table but I had no problem with that as I was thirsty especially being in that long line. As for the price it was fair for 2 people $22.95 the place was packed so half of the time it was hard getting any of the food you wanted. The food though was good not great I adored the fried chicken although it was too greasy from my taste but still good. Pizza was real good it reminded me of shakeys pizza and it had the same quality taste to it the fries were good too almost a step up from fast food fries.  The cheese bread was delicous and the baked chicken was good tasted about the same as the fried chicken so really no big difference from each other.  The dessert was good I got the red velvet cake and they have 4 different kinds of ice cream which is nice I didnt try the chocolate fountain but next time I come here I might give it a go. Other then that this place was good nothing to write home about I would still come back as I enjoyed the food and the customer service which I left out was amazing as the server kept checking on us and asking us if everything was okay I like that kind of service.
2	I waited patiently for the restaurant to open. I was disappointed. Price is around $15 per person w drink, the food is ok, just ok. Very unorganized. I waited in line approximately 50 minutes, and I was rushed aside by waiters coming to get refills for people. That's right you get your drink while you're waiting in line, which is very uncomfortable when you have small children. I think even if you didn't have children with you it would be uncomfortable. they attract a loud, disrespectful, and inconsiderate kind of clientele, as my family and I couldn't even hear each other of how loud and obnoxious people around were. Managment seemed to be ok with that type of behavior. We had to fight our way to our table of how packed and unorganized things were. So if you're looking for a quiet, and high class place to done in, THIS IS NOT FOR YOU. I did enjoy the cotton candy and chocolate strawberries, and their staff is very friendly. This alone is why I give it a 2, if not I would've given a total zero!!!
1	This place sucks donkey dick! I don't know what some people are talking about when comparing this place to other buffets on the strip, there is No... Comparing this to other buffets. I could deal with a long line but this place is so fricken Ghetto! The food sucks so... Fucking bad. Just go through a dam drive thru seriously, how the hell do you charge 15 per person and the selection of food is complete shit. Plate size, portion for steaks, salty ass friend chicken watery mash potatos, watery chocolate fountain, warm drinks, and before anyone says anything I seen the fricken kitchen when the door was open and there was shit all over the floor. It was a fucken mess.Seriously, if you are gone spend even 15 bucks per person just go to the strip or another buffet where it is clean, the staff know what their doing, your not having people breathing down your neck and you will get to eat at a real buffet where the steak is not the size of half a cookie. Don't waste your money and your time, it is not worth it. If you don't believe it then good luck going there cause this place SUCKS!
3	I've been to the Golden Corral in California and it's the same thing here. Food is pretty good. You have a huge variety. Mexican, Asian, American, and then there are the basic salad bars and soups. I tried the chili and it wasn't very good. It didn't have the right spice it just taste thrown together. The dessert bar is probably the best part. The have a chocolate fountain that you can dip an assortment of things in, strawberries, marshmallows, even fudge. (Chocolate on chocolate, I know!!!) this one also had a caramel fountain with apples and you can but the other things under too. But my favorite thing is the cotton candy. Our waitress was pretty nice but never asked us if we wanted refills, I can understand because it was packed in there. I still left a tip and when walking out all the employee said by and asked how it was. I like when people do that, shows they actually want your opinion. I may go back if invited but never really a suggestion I would put in.
3	Been here twice for dinner. Food is always hot. Despite the fact that there is a huge line to get in which is no surprise considering it's the first one in Vegas it's worth the wait. I don't know why but I'm always a fan of crappy buffet pizza. Their garlic bread is tasty. They have your typical types of comfort foods( fried chicken, mac & cheese). The main star is their chocolate (milk & white) and caramel waterfall. Tried their white chocolate one, wasn't too impressed. Good price for dinner if you don't mind waiting.
5	My family went on a Sunday. The line was long, but it was worth the wait. Food was delicious!! Everything was made fresh and the wait line to the food went fast. We are planning our next trip.
1	I dont know what the big whoop is about the place. The line is always insanely long. Prices are not that cheap and the food is bland and greasy. Compared to hometown buffet id rather eat at home town. Last night I was goung to try golden corral again until I saw the line was wrapped around the buildong going into the parkong lot. (Insane) I went to RedLobster instead and it was absolutely delicious. SKIP Golden Corral bland and not worth a wait.
4	I have been waiting for a Vegas location forever. After seeing all of the commercials on tv, it was getting irritating that there was not one here. I am glad they finally opened. There was about a 30 minute wait to get inside, but well worth it. The food was high quality and my son loved the dessert area. My only gripe would be the chaos that goes along with any buffet. Only this is in a smaller area, so it was more noticeable. The service was fantastic! I will definitely be back again. They should open a couple more locations. AND THE PRICE WAS AMAZING!!!!!!!
4	Food was great and is what you expect from Golden Corral. The price was great, $12 for adult dinner which included the all you can eat steak. My only negatives was the steak was WAY over cooked; quite surprising for how busy it was and it was difficult to maneuver through the rest of the herd. People were acting as if this was their final meal.
5	This is the first one in the entire state of Nevada, I've been told, and although I have been to these places before, this is clearly the best one I have ever patronized.The food is terrific and the staff is superb.  Overall, this was a wonderful experience for me and one I would heartily recommend to others.My ONLY complaints are that their breakfasts are only served on Saturday and Sunday.  I wish they served breakfast, seven days a week.  Perhaps eventually, they will.The other thing is that their breakfasts cost over $10/person.  The casinos offer breakfast buffets for as little as $4, with the same great fare.
5	Extremely pleased. Service was on top of everything and very polite. Food was hot and fresh and steak was dead on every time we went up for more. I will definitely be back. Sooo freaking happy they opened a golden corral finally in town.
4	The food was wonderful. Went tonight to celebrate my mother in laws birthday. The staff was very polite and helpful. The bathrooms though were very disgusting. I went to the ladies room. One seat had throw up on the seat from a child and the mother left it there. The trash was over flowing in each stall. People seriously need to learn to flush! Other then that everything else was great.
5	Since there is only one here in Las Vegas, you have to plan ahead to dine here. The lines to dine here are usually long but the food makes it worth while waiting.  The staff that work here are very assertive and friendly.  Server named Irene is a joy to be reckoned with, her killer smile and professionalism makes me want to come back.  I recommend anyone to come dine here, just plan ahead before coming
2	I've been to Golden Corals in Kingman-AZ and the one in St. George-Utah few times and I liked it, but the new store in Vegas wasn't as good as the others I've been to. Not sure exactly what, this one was very crowded for a Monday afternoon at 2pm, maybe 10 mins wait in line. The atmosphere and the type of customers resembled the one I saw at CiCis Pizza. I think I'll pay extra 5 bucks more for a real buffet at the MResort.
5	I want Yelp to establish some serious ground rules in regards to buffets.If you're a woman and weigh less than 150 pounds and you're a man and you weigh less than 185 pounds, you are not allowed to write buffet reviews. Seriously. Maybe Yelp should include a "Do you weigh less than 150/185 pounds" as an additional business tip when it comes time to review buffets. Hating on a buffet because you because you don't like the general "quality" of the food is like a fat guy (like me) hating on a tapas restaurant because I don't like the "quantity" of the food. Maybe Yelp should include a "Do you weigh more than 150/185 pounds" as an additional tip if you eat at a tapas-style restaurant? Enough ranting. All I can say is that Golden Corral is a slightly more expensive, but higher quality (in terms of food) buffet than Hometown Buffet. I like Hometown's seating arrangement better with it's ample amount of booths whereas Golden Corral seems satisfied to be primarily tables to get the customer in and out. As with all buffets, only order water as a drink so you can chow down more and don't forget to bring cash to tip the bussers/drink servers because there's no option to tip at the register.
2	I finally tried this place one evening. The line was long. I had high expectations for this place, but sadly was disappointed. The food didn't please my palate. Perhaps I've been spoiled by Asian buffets. Even though we were seated near the chocolate fountain, I didn't dare eat from it. There were just so many people. Just too many people for my comfort and I felt a bit dirty eating there. Both adults and kids are so messy dripping or dropping food on the floor. The staff were quick to clean up any messes. The quality of the food was ok, almost like hometown.I liked the strawberries because they were very sweet and I ate them by itself. Most of the stuff I tried was ok. Perhaps I would give this place a try again in the future, but at lunch time. Going there for dinner is expensive.
3	With any luck, you'll cross the portals of this feeding-frenzy funhouse and not have to wait in line outdoors along the sidewalk, a common sight on weekend evenings at Golden Corral, City of Industry.The home stretch of the line, just before the pay counter, is equipped with beverage dispensers (Pepsi products) and a choice of drinking cups to fill before you're seated.  Meanwhile, the "ins" scurry about the dining room floor, many headed to the grill for steaks, pork ribs, or carved ham and roasted turkey.As hectic and daunting as the inside action might appear, it's surprisingly tolerable once you get your plate and utensils.  Lines form along the grill and dessert stations, but the employees behind the windows attend to diners quickly, and after a few minutes those areas are sometimes clear.Why is the Corral like a funhouse?  Mainly due to the "Wonderfalls" (dark-, white-chocolate and caramel fondue fountains), hand-scooped ice cream and cotton-candy desserts.  This proves to be a huge draw for families, and groups celebrating birthdays, that distinguishes the buffet from its competitors.However, the steak is sub-Sizzler in quality, and fried chicken tastes great but is mostly dry.  Mashed potatoes are really real, and its tray empties quickly, as does the pot roast and vegetables nearby.  Coleslaw at the salad bar is chopped and tastes like KFC's familiar recipe.Golden Corral hasn't yet established a dominating presence in California, so the locations it does have, goosed by national advertising often seen on cable TV programs, are focal points for hearty eaters from miles around.The company might also unwittingly boost revenues of nearby restaurants that capture the runoff of potential customers who demur in favor of a more serene, timely mealtime.  Chili's was the beneficiary on my first Corral attempt.
3	My family and I had been wanting to check this place out ever since we had seen the commercials, and I'm guessing many people are on the same boat.   In all honesty I'm glad I got to check it out, but I won't be back and I would not recommend it. It was super crowded and when we got there the end of the line was outside the building.  The food is edible but nothing great and for the same price I could go eat at a station casino and get better quality food. But I'm giving them three stars because their staff provided good service and was friendly:)
4	Went to Golden Corral tonight at the recently opened location in Las Vegas.  I had never been to a Golden Corral before and didn't know what to expect, although I had done some research before hand.My wife and I wanted lunch as to avoid what we figured would be a large dinner crowd, so we arrived about 2:30.  It was quite busy, with a line at the cashier stand, however the line moved quickly.  The major bottleneck is the beverage station, it slows forward progress as diners fill their glasses.  As long as you're going to have servers that re-fill your drinks, you might as well have them serve the initial drink to avoid the delay at the front door.  The price was good, I'm used to two-for-one deals at the casino buffets, so it was weird paying for both lunches, but the pricing was reasonable.We were able to find a table with no difficulty, as it was seat yourself at that time.  The restaurant was clean, and tables were bussed frequently, with no piles of dirty plates or napkins cluttering the tables.  The food was very good, some items were a little bland for my taste, such as the mexican dishes weren't as spicy as I would have liked.  The meatloaf was a hit for me and my wife, which we consider the best meatloaf of any buffet.  The steakburger sliders were very good too.  We were very pleased with how often the food is rotated, I didn't see any old or dried out food on the buffet line.  We had to be careful when eating because the food was very hot, which is a plus!  I also like how you can watch the food preparation as you're eating.  It's nice to watch them cooking as your eating so you know the food is being handled well, and prepared fresh.The desert area was very good as well.  Although it's hard to get to the fountains because of the volume of people trying to use them, it's almost always wall-to-wall people at the desert counter.  I can highly recommend the hand scooped ice cream too.Lastly, everyone, even the other diners, were very friendly.  Everyone was observing proper line etiquette, and excusing themselves.  Not jumping in line, waiting patiently.  Such a nice change from buffets where the norm is the "entitled" elite who think they run the world and you must allow them to cut in front of you and in general ignore you.  It's nice to be seen and to be acknowledged and to use the people skills our parents taught us.  Oh, and there were a lot of servers, buss persons, and staff keeping everything running very smoothly.As long as things stay the same at this location I'm quite sure it'll remain our favorite buffet in Las Vegas.
3	I don't know why they decided to put Vegas' first Golden Corral on the east side, more importantly right next to Home Depot. I guess the thought of buffet food and home improvement go well together?Anyways, this place is always crowded with family and children. I mean most buffets are pretty loud, but if you're looking to stay away from a mass amount of children then try not to go here.The food is alright. It's your basic buffet food - nothing really sticks out. They have your salads, soup, Chinese, American, etc. I did not enjoy the pasta here. It was too bland for my liking. The only good thing I had was the steak. I asked for medium well and it came back medium well with a lot of juice to it. They have a dessert section mainly targeted at candy like M&Ms and gummy worms. They do have a chocolate fondue fountain, but I stayed clear from that because the area was a bit too messy for my liking.The part that grossed me out the most though is the workers cleaning out the food section with the same towel. You see them cleaning the section where the sauce from the pasta spilled and next thing he's over there cleaning the Asian section with the SAME towel - smearing food across. It just doesn't seem sanitary to me.You can try this place out just to get it off your bucket list, but don't expect much.
3	Just ok!
1	I wrote to The Website over the Presidents Day weekend to report that it had erroneously dumped the City of Industry location's reviews onto the newly opened Las Vegas branch's page, and then deleted the Industry location from its business listings.http://www.yelp.com/biz/golden-corral-las-vegas-3#hrid:Ry3JAbjA2qRYVNY6jB7jhgAs it now stands, the Lamb Boulevard GC that opened two months ago (Dec. 19) has 362 reviews under its belt--just one actually written about that restaurant--and an established, vital business at 17635 Castleton St., Industry, went "poof."http://www.reviewjournal.com/business/golden-corral-opening-las-vegas-207-new-workersThe following Tuesday, the page was revived, and at this writing has two reviews, total.  LVGC, the real one, has its own page (you're on it now)--the heading's only difference is that it contains a phone number--with 38 reviews.Incredibly, what might have caused the original error was a picture posted on 4/22/12 of GC Industry, somehow slugged "Golden Corral, Las Vegas, NV," unaccompanied by a review.  I'm guessing some Dudley Do-Right, Capt. Peter "Wrongway" Peachfuzz or a logarithm, decided to straighten things out. I'm not asking for votes or comps here.  I want you sit down in your chairs, power up your online devices, open the window, stick your head out--flag this review--and yell, and say:  "I'M FED UP AS HECK, AND I CAN'T STOMACH THIS ANY MORE!"
1	Worst place ever.  I feel like I was at a homeless shelter. I don't try to sound like a rude person but this is my opinion about this place.  Food has no taste to it.  Service is bad.  The staff looks like they were pick up from the streets.
3	very busy place.  you have make sure you check your plate to see if it's clean.  I had got 4 dirty plates they still had some food left on them
5	The food was fresh and tasty loved the steak made to order. The line was really long but it went fast. I didn't do the chocolate fountains I'm not a big sweets fan. I would for sure go back. You can't beat the price and the staff was really nice.
3	I already get my haircut at the Cuttin Coral....Exactly as I expected..... Food was mediocre but edible.... I guess $11 is fair for what you get.  Couldn't believe I was behind a wedding party....hoodtastic !!
3	I came to the Golden Corral with my family on a Thursday night to beat the out-the-door line. We still had about a 15 minute wait until we finally reached our table.The Golden Corral offers tasty food for a very generous price. It's about $15 for all-you-can-eat dinner and a drink. For my drink, I got the sweet tea, which I thought was delicious.I was really impressed with the quality of the food. For the price we paid, mostly everything tasted great! The fried chicken was really juicy, as was the steak (mine was ordered medium well). Everyone wants steak though, so be prepared to wait in line for it. They had a lot of variations of chicken, (fried, rotisserie, BBQ, teriyaki) but I only tried the fried chicken, which was crispy and fully of flavor. The BBQ pulled pork was pretty good, too. I also liked the mashed potatoes and gravy. For dessert, of course I got the cotton candy! So good and a very generous serving. As for my dislikes, I didn't care too much for the Mac n cheese; it was undercooked. The corn was seasoned well, but slightly overcooked; it was rather mushy already. I tried the pot roast, and it was still really dry despite it being doused in gravy. The southern fried fish was much too salty. My biggest complaint would be with the lack of cleanliness of the facility. Our waitress was very nice and attentive, but her apron was really gross. Something was smeared across the front of it and it was crusted on there and looked extremely unappetizing. Normally I would be embarrassed to comment on that, but it really was not the greatest start to my meal to see that. Also there is a lot of trash and crumbs scattered all over the floor. I want to be understanding of them because the place is always reeeeally crowded, but it was simply unacceptable for my taste. It honestly made me feel a bit uncomfortable.  Overall, I had an okay dining experience at the Golden Corral because the food exceeded my expectations but I'm not sure I'll be back very soon.
1	I heard from people, the food at Golden Corral was so delicious. So I had to try it...BLAH! The only decent food with flavor was the yeast roll!!! This place was so filthy, I didn't want to try any food. Floors were disgusting.  Plain and simple, DO NOT EAT HERE!
2	Man this place is GHETTO!  First of all I come during the middle of a weekday (Tue) around 2pm and it is full of people! I guess nobody has a job to go to ? Plus it's not in the best neighborhood either.   After I sat down and went back for seconds, someone came and took all my silverware and took my receipt too. I was not done! WTF?  By that time I was losing my appetite due to the most disgusting people walking around in there. Looked like a freakshow!  2 extremely obese patrons walked by, and some of them looked like ex-cons. Yikes!  I come back to my table and they cleared everything again!!  Jeez!  And nobody ever came to offer me a drink refill.  I cant imagine how this place must be on weekends if a weekday was like this.Food was just ok.  Salad choices were good. They have Chicken Ceasar Salad which was good. Mini burgers were ok. Desserts didn't impress me.
2	We have been curious about this place and to my surprise, it is where Acapulco  use to be. The line lasted for about 20 mins. from the entrance door. The soda machine were placed before the cashiers so no one will ever ask if you want a drink and most people think it was free but they ended up paying for it. I did not find the food great, ordinary as it seems. The sign above the salad bar say "we get our vegetables from the crate, not from the freezer" but my wife got an old, over ripe watermelon, kinda like Bestway Supermarket thing ha ha ha.
3	$34. For 3 adults with drinks. Got in at 11am on a Friday no lines. Bathroom was clean and staff was attentive, friendly and professional. A few of the reviews talked about the place being dirty. The only areas that were messy and dirty were by the tables of people who didn't know how to keep their stuff on the table. The staff is courteous enough to wait for them to finish eating before sweeping up their mess. So the mess and the dirtiness can only be attributed to the messy people that go there otherwise the place is clean. It got really busy and full quick . The  trays they put out are not so big and not so deep and with the amount of people that come in you can be assured that everything is hot, fresh and has not been sitting there for hours.The other reviews compared Golden Corral to Hometown Buffet, in ways it is by the type of food they serve. There was nothing there that was exciting. The usuals  spaghetti , lasagna, fried and BBQ chicken, mashed potatoes, mac n cheese the usual All American diner stuff. The difference between Hometown and Golden Corral is bigger selection and quality. The biscuits are 3 times the size, the BBQ chicken are leg quarters instead of small thighs. The dessert  selection is huge and the servings are big. The food tasted good it wasn't bland  but it is also wasn't different. The cakes were too sweet but they had many to chose from. I was looking forward to the steaks, wings and the chocolate fountains. They didn't have the steaks or wings when I went. The fountain presentation was not as cool as I imagined it to be. All in all Golden Corral is a great place to go when you want diner food.
1	Have been here 3 times. All 3 times resturant was filthy.  Food is not as good as other golden corrals.
3	Uh, I am not mad that my whole family can eat for under $50! I am not mad that there is finally a Golden Corral in Las Vegas. Although if I am being all the way honest, I am a bit mad they put it on the east side. Come on, the ghetto will travel for a $12 buffet I promise. But at the same token, the lonely ol' east side that I grew up on needed some good food. Hopefully when you dine, the crowd will be a bit more pleasant. My bf and I decided to try it for lunch (please don't tell my kids). Our total was under $20, so instant score in my opinion. They also offer sweet tea. Double score.You wait in line to pay, and get drinks before reaching a cashier. Somewhat silly because if the waitresses aren't up on game, it is a bit hard to get a refill. Plus, it holds up the line a bit. For lunch the selections were not bad at all! Pasta, pizza, meatloaf, fish, fried chicken, a few Asian choices, and a small salad area. The desserts section was big, but the chocolate fountain didn't look all that sanitary so I skipped. It is a perfect height for kids (with no sneeze guard) to walk right up and stick their dirty little, bug eating, butt picking fingers right in it! And I watched plenty un-supervised kids do exactly that. Don't take this the wrong way, there is a sneeze guard, but not if you are under 4 feet tall! The ambiance really reminded you that you were eating on Charleston and Lamb and I was really hoping they would avoid that. But honestly it was the people eating, not watching their kids, getting every possible bang for the buck they could, that set the tone. I will return, mostly to let the kids try it. We will see how that experience goes and then decide if I will continue to dine.
2	There's a lot to be said about cleanliness -- and there's not much to be said about it for this Golden Corral.Their sanitation issue is getting out of hand: leftover food particles stuck on plates, silverware so cloudy with grime that you can't even see yourself in it, plates piled to the side because people have to dig through at least 4 before finding a clean one.GROSS! I've already stopped going to GC.
2	This place is seriously overrated. The line was out the door and packed inside. Waited a while and food not at all that great. Station casinos have MUCH better buffets for almost have the price. It seemed like I was in a cafeteria or soup kitchen. It was unorganized and people all over the place. Really messy dessert station.
5	We have been to this buffet twice now.  Once for lunch, once for dinner,  both times the restaurant was crowded and very busy. I think that the tables are a little too close, but the food is very fresh and plentiful.  I love the salad bar most of all!  Very fresh vegetables, lots of choices and very clean.  Even though the servers had a lot of tables, I got plenty of refills on my drinks!  I would definitely recommend The Golden Corral!!!!
1	The place was so unorganized, and to be 'politically correct'....It's GHETTO! The employees, the food, the clientele...GHETTO! We were afraid just the parking lot alone, why they do not hire security! But, if you love your fried ochra, fried chicken, corn bread and ice tea....this might be "your joint"!....just don't for get to wear the bullet proof vest!.....
5	I can't believe anyone is complaining about this place. I have lived here for 12 years and I can say this was a great buffet, I thought the price, service, and food were great for a buffet. I originally thought it was stupid to have a buffet right down the street from boulder station, Arizona Charlie's , etc... But it actually made sense to me today, I went there with a friend for lunch today and it was great, I didn't have to walllkkkkk thru a huge casino to have my 1/2 lunch, it was great we got there at 11:50 and thankfully there was no line, when we were leaving yes there was a line about 15 people. But it was great I would recommend to everybody. Only downside is I don't cook with salt and it seemed like the Asian food was really salty, it might just be me. And FYI the restrooms were super clean.
2	Everyone was telling me about the Golden corral so I had to go try it out OMG I don't think I will never go there again that place was nasty the food was not good at all!!! I just ate some salad and that was okay everything else was not good at all.. So I had to go on yelp saying my opinion about that restaurant..  save your money
1	Well the price was good but I was expecting more... Not to many options and I didn't like the food it had no taste to it. The waiter took for ever to serve us refills and I really thought the place was amazing but in reality it let me down.. :(
3	I was impressed with the wide selection of meats, salads, vegetables, baked goods and deserts.  I tried the fried fish, corn,  Brussels sprouts, bourbon chicken and chocolate cake, and all were good.  What I didn't like was the Cheesy self serve drinking station that was set up in line, as you enter to pay.  Also, the seating needed much improvement as some tables were close to other tables and you had to determine if someone had already  decided to set at a table.  The seating arrangements are not suitable for an enjoyable dinning experience.  Also, the tables are too close togeather and some tables wobble. The servers were few and overworked, in my opinion, and spent the majority of their time removing dirty dishes or stacking them on empty tables, and not tending to the needs of customers.  The place was unnecessarily loud and crowded due to the layout of the seating arrangements. Young Children were allowed, by their parents, to serve themselves and were not always using utensils to get their food, while touching and spilling food items.  It was not a relaxing, enjoyable eating experience,  although the food items I ate, were good.At this location, people were  wearing the kind of clothing that you see on UTube Wal Mart videos.  I would only recommend this as a quick lunch or the early bird special they offer between 1pm and 3pm as a  quick get in and get out experience.
1	I just went there for the first time today. I will never go back. I posted a receipt proving it was today and the bottom of one of the yogurts being served. You can make up your own minds. If you find this as disgusting as I do, please mark this review as helpful.
1	They serve 2 week expired yogurt. If they're willing to use expired products that have the label printed on them, imagine how old the food is they prepare.
1	The food here is stale. The lighting makes it very unappetizing. The "waiters?" are very rude. The tables are way to close to the horrible buffet. The floor is filthy. Everything here is squeezed in. There's no room. This is one of the worst places I've been.
1	Terrible service! Half of the servers cannot understand English. Half of the plates are dirty and unclean. Half of the food is missing on the buffet line. Sorry to say I will not be returning to this location nor recommending it to anyone.
1	Golden Corral has graced Las Vegas with its mediocre buffet in a city that is known for every casino, on just about every block, that has.... a buffet.My husband and I decided to throw in the towel and try this place out. After months of seeing the parking lot full to the brim and lines out the door, we saw it wasn't TOO busy on a Saturday afternoon.First impressions: You get your beverage before you pay, you are herded into the establishment like cattle, and lo and behold... you enter complete and utter MADNESS.Pros - Selection is decent. Desserts are plentifulCons - Food is mediocre, the place is too small, and it is a mad-house. Apparently the Golden Corral does not do a good job telling its guests to corral their CHILDREN. Although there are signs posted that say, "Children must be accompanied by adults at all times.", this suggestion is thrown out the window. Children run rampant in here without parental supervision, knocking into people, plowing their way into buffet lines. The adults here aren't any better. There's no rhyme or reason to how people get their food, there's no lines to speak of. It's an all-out brawl fest -- almost.Cleanliness is an issue. My husband and I searched for a table and could not find a decently cleaned one, we had to wipe one down and remove dirty napkins just so we could have a place to eat. We also watched as a family with two small infants allows these children to sloppily plow through food and fling said food all over the floor - it was gross.Overall - never again.
3	It's nothing great but convenient the grilled steak is fresh fried chicken was good fried drinks weren't free 2.00 for a small cup and 2.49 for a large to go cup go for that. For dessert they have white chocolate fundue, chocolate fundue and caramel fundue,  cotton candy and ice cream otherwise it's not bad but definitely busy our server Steve was awesome
4	I just went here and I thought it was good for a buffet. I would definitely recommend getting there before 5 pm though, otherwise you will be waiting in line for over 25 minutes. The steaks there are absolutely amazing which I was really shocked! Also, the staff there was very nice!
3	Immediately upon entering the building, I was turned off by two things:  1. You have to go through a line with rails like an amusement park.  2.  As you approach the register..still in line.. you have to get your drink at the fountain.  It ends up the people drink what they initially filed up, then trying to go back you fill their cup again.  It was definitely annoying.I was happy overall with the food.  A few highlights include the salad area & grill.  The salad area has tons of variety, and everything looked fresh.  I was also happy with the steak, as it was cooked to order on the grill.  My  only problem with the food was the catfish.  While the taste was okay, it was thin & bone-in.  So by the time I pulled the meat away from the bones, there wasn't much left. So I felt it could've been served better.  I agree with everyone on the cleanliness & service.   Getting refills on drinks and used plates cleared was a problem.  We could never seem to find out server; and other empty tables had plates stacked up for a while before they were cleared.Food on the floor stayed there almost the entire time we were there, and the "clean" dishes & silverware had spots.  Sure, it's a buffet and I dint expect much, but for a place that is supposed to be a step up, I'd expect a step up.Overall, I was happy & can see myself returning, but they can certainly improve on things.
3	Build it, and they will come. Yes, they built it and they came alright. Ironically, a Home Depot is right next to it. I gotta give GC some credit for their concept is pretty straightforward. With hundreds of buffets all around Vegas, another one isnt gonna hurt right? After having dinner here tonight because of my father in law's birthday choice, I would say the A-OK rating of 3 stars was pretty much spot on.So before I relay my experience, let me get the necessities out of the way.ADULTSBreakfast: $8.59 Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays only from open to 11 am.Lunch: $8.59 Mon thru Fri 10:30 am to 4 pm.Dinner: $11.89 Mon thru Sat 4 pm to close. Sun 11 am to close.CHILDRENAges 3 and under free. Limit 2 free meals per adult purchase.Ages 4 to 8 $4.79 Ages 9 to 12 $5.79SENIORS 60 AND OVERSame as adults but $7.99 for breakfast and lunch. Dinner is $10.99None of these prices include drinks which is another $1.99 for a plastic tumbler. $2.50 for a large to go cup. Water there is no charge. So remember, the original price is just for the food. So dinner turned out to be a little over 15 bucks per adult because waterjust aint gonna cut it.Every day there is a different theme so for monday it was seafood night. Sorry peeps, crab legs aint one of them. You did have popcorn shrimp, breaded shrimp, breaded white fish, breaded clam strips and stuffed crab. None of which blew me away but at the same time was not bad meaning it was edible.Of course the the main feature was the grill area where sirloin steaks were being grilled. Kudos to the designer of the layout for all GC's because of the fact that you can see and smell what was being cooked on the grill. Surrounding that grill area are sides that you would typically see accompanying main entrees like sauteed mushrooms, onions, green peppers, etc.Just to the right of the grill are where most of the items people start forming lines for like mashed potatoes, fried okra, all the above seafood items, and lots of others that you just have to see for yourself. One section that is guaranteed not to have a line is the salad bar section. If you refer to my one plate of food, I pretty much got a little bit of everything I wanted put together. Some key notes to mention. The only things that really stood out for me were the yeast rolls, the fruits in the salad bar section, and the dessert section. The yeast rolls are some of the best I have had in while. They are good by themselves but when you put a little bit of butter on them, man watch out, I can easily eat 3 of those without even blinking.As for the award for the least amount of attention goes to the salad bar section. Yeah, I know, nobody really goes to a buffet to eat salad. You would be surprised though. I thought some of the fruit and vegetables they had there were pretty fresh and crisp. The actual veggies that you can put together to make your own salad can almost rival Sweet Tomatoes or Soup Plantation for you Californians.The dessert section is commendable for it has a wide selection of different forms of sugar for you sweet tooth individuals from ice cream, soft serve, cotton candy, rice crispies, marshmellows, etc.Notice I didnt mention the chocolate waterfalls. They had what looked like caramel, white chocolate, and milk chocolate. I know it all sounds like a good thing based on description and actually seeing it in person is awesome too but here's where the skidding sound comes in when you see a car slam its brakes. As I was looking to see what items to select and maybe dip in chocolate, this little kid comes out of nowhere picking his nose, sticks his finger into the chocolate waterfall, and proceeds to put it in his mouth. It happened so quick that I dont think anybody else saw it but me. Only problem is that when I replay it in my head its in slow motion so I get the full effect of what he did.So take heed in my dessert experience, I wouldnt wanna go dipping anything in the chocolate for you dont know what unknown thing is floating around in there. Also the bathroom only has two stalls and has 3 urinals. You would think that a buffet would have the same amount of stalls or at least more because of the fact that its a buffet. Bottom line is that you get decent food selections at a decent price. I would rank this place a notch above Home Town Buffet.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #101 "Chocolate covered boogers for the win!"
3	If you're not picky the food is good. Salad bar is good. Dessert bar is wonderful. Chicken enchiladas look good but were like rubber. Ham was ok. Meat loaf was barely ok. Chinese wasn't good.  Service on the floor was nonexistent. Won't be back.
3	Well when we went we were lucky and got spared the long lines the we usually see. The food was good for being a buffet, it was above average. The only knocks I give the place is that the seating is horrible and you feel cramped and it's not the seating either it's also when you walk around and wait in line , u literally have to walk around a few people to get back to your table. The other knock on the place is the waiter, which is more of a buss boy who are suppose to give u refills, the waiter only refilled me twice and each time I waited a long time for those refills. The wait was terrible for my refills I got up and walked to to the beverage station and told them to refill me because I rather do it myself then wait. The place is ok the food was good, me and my family would come back again.
4	It's been nearly a decade since I was in a Golden Corral.  I was happy to hear of the first opening in the Vegas Valley.  First off... The have one of the largest selection of any buffet in the area.  We went on a Monday which is their Shrimp and Seafood special day.  They had 6 different fish dishes in addition to the usual buffet favorites.  But SURPRISE they also offer grilled to order sirloin steaks!  Prices are a might higher than usual with adults at $11.89. Seniors over 60 at $10.99 (Seniors Monday thru Friday 1 pm to 3 on are $7.49).  If you have kids, Tuesdays are for you.  Kids on Tuesday are just $2.99!  So.. If you are looking for a different place to go... check out Golden Corral.  I can't end a review without mentioning our server.  Meghan was right there answering questions, clearing the 'debris' of our feeding frenzy, or just checking on us... always with a smile.  THANKS MEGHAN!
1	First up i hate when ppl say some place or ppl are ghetto, its like what does that mean. O MY GOD if you want to know what ghetto is this place is it. It was about 1:00 so we figured kids in school so shouldnt h to crowded. The worst dining experience we've had. From the time we walked thru the door, we hadnt even poured our sodas. First thing we hear is  Jada a waitress or something cursing up a storm talking about someone, man talk about your first impressions, we should have turned around and left but  we didnt. There was only one person in front of us place was about half full. Got our drinks paid $8.99 for lunch and $1.99 for drinks, we've been to other Golden Corrals so we're no amateurs. Proceded to find a table almost every available table was filthy, found one in the back. So many families and really small children. Now u cant fault a restaurant by the way patrons act, rude adults piling up plates like the food police r going to come & cut them off, u can go back for seconds its a buffet people,and bad ass kids tearing shit up running around, but i can fault u on cleanliness. Food everywhere on the floors. Everystation was dirty containers half full or empty nothing was fresh, sliders were premade and cold. All i came for was a salad, seriously i had been craving a huge salad, even the cold food for salads looked horrible. Nothing we had tasted like they bothered to season it we salt & peppered everything it really didnt help. This location does not represent all Golden Corrals trust me
1	Food wasnt so good .. place was really dirty and too many people in the middle of restaurant.... they should have it set up like sweet tomatoes and have the cashier on one side... my poor 3 year old got food poisoning a few hours after eating there... he threw up all night.... lesson learned i will never go back
2	I always see their commercials on tv and always hear people raving about them...so we gave in, and decided to go with the crowd.First of all pricing, is no great feat. at $11.99 + $1.99(Drink) you are looking at the same price as a buffet at one of the casinos... We knew this going in but people said that it was "Southern Comfort Food" so we should try it. Everything that they have at this buffet, except the chocolate fountains, is found at any other buffet in Las Vegas... for a better price and quality as well.... Their food is typical of a regular buffet and besides their chocolate fountains, nothing stands out. You seat yourself during the slow periods and then get seated during busy times. Alot of their items were out as well throughout the buffet including their deviled eggs and the pizza was empty every time we got up to get some. At least at a casino buffet, they refill everything right away. And the service is way better. The waiters here are so overworked that they tend to ignore tables, not their fault though.Will I come back? No, honestly, but they seemed VERY busy so obviously I may be missing something here....
3	Golden Corral is a decent buffet. The prices are good. They are not overpriced and there weekly specials are very helpful for large families. There fried Catfish is fantastic and there salad bar is excellent. They also have a fresh grill where they grill a specialty food daily. There desert bar is awesome and they even offer a chocolate fountain. Thumbs up.
4	I am a fan of this place. Sure this is not the best  buffet in Las Vegas, but it is one of the better affordable ones, imho. I wouldn't run here at every opportunity but if I don't want to cook dinner, and we can't agree on what we want to eat - I would come here before I go another affordable buffet.What I am a fan of:*it is affordable.*food taste better than local stations casinos.*yeast rolls - AMAZING* food is always fresh. I think this is due to how busy they are. They have to keep putting out new product.*cotton candy What I am not a fan of is how busy it is.*long lines (although they do move fast)*yes, i will cosign with everyone else - the entrance is horrible. It just doesn't work for how busy they are.
1	My husband and I stopped by Golden Corral for lunch on April 30, 2014 1:30pm...I advise you to keep driving, don't stop. Why?1. The front of the restaurant had a lot of trash...and it wasn't a windy day...first impression.2. As you walk in you pick up a plastic tumbler for your beverage they are brown and not the color of the plastic brown...stained. They should just buy the brown ones. And the plates should go also...presentation goes along way.3. No one greeted us and since it was our first time (last) visiting it would have been helpful to be informed of Golden Corrals process. Normally you pay before you get your drink...weird.4. As we were looking for somewhere to sit...that was difficult because the floor was dirty, rolls stuck in the leg of chair and crumbs at more than one table and around the serving stations (it wasn't too crowded to do a quick sweep)...no one had a roller broom (Wal-Mart is across the street). 5. Then we had to find someone to wipe off a table, she didn't touch the seat that had crumbs, did it myself.6. The DEAL BREAKER...we went to the back section by the waitress beverage station to visit with friends. We were HIT with that sour SMELL when a restaurant hasn't changed the water they are using to wiping the tables with for some time...Golden Corral please put a cap full of bleach or   hydrogen peroxide in your water if you aren't going to change it! That smell makes it hard to enjoy your food, our friends has sinus problems that day...lucky for you!7. Before we could get out of the parking lot we were both feeling sick to our stomachs. Yes we should have ran at the front door, but we were trying to support the community. If you are brave we give the food a 2  1/2 out of 5. Good luck!
4	For the price the food was great.
4	I still think everything is still good I just don't understand why the price has to be higher on mother's day & they had the same food as all the rest of the times I went there I think that part was a rip but still love the food
1	Worst food ever. I hardly ever complain but but this was sooo bad that I walked in hungry and walked out sick. I have never ever had such a bad experience.  The service was slow. The facility was a mess. The soda fountain was broken.  Every thing I tried was to hard to stomach.  My brother in law spent about $41 but honestly that is way to much to pay for food that taste like it came from a sewage treatment plant.
2	I have seen the adds for this place on TV non-stop so when they opened I couldn't wait to try it. Well it was a big let down.. The price was a little high for what they offer. I mean this is Vegas the home of the Buffet. They should have really up their game to compete here. The place was busy but the wait wasn't that long. The food was just ok. It was nothing  we couldn't had got in any buffet on the strip for half the price. For a new building the place looked like a dump. I think they were trying to show case the freshness of the food but the piles of boxes and other things just made behind the buffet looked cluttered and unkempt.  The poor server was doing his best but he couldn't keep up the mess that people were making and leaving behind. The dessert section was lacking it was like a buffet  set out at the nursing home with lots of little cookies, jello, and puddings. There was nothing there was would make you go wow. As for the Wonderfalls they were really thin and didn't coat the things people were dipping. I by passed them even before I read the reviews on here.
2	Wow... For all the hype it's not that spectacular. There are no trays which isn't ideal in a buffet. It's so crowded it's ridiculous. Granted it's new and it's the only one in town so some understanding is necessary. The food looked good and the variety is decent however I found the food to be mediocre, I was disappointed to see the manager arguing with a crew mate and some of the dishes were definitely dirty. I saw in one of the back doors and there was water covering the floor while the crew played and laughed and it was tracked everywhere.  It didn't look very clean which is the primary reason for the low rating I've given it. It was disappointing and it needs improvement.
3	I was at a Golden Corral in Texas last year, kept seeing the TV ads for all you can eat steak for about $10, but this time nothing met my expectations, or even came close to  it.I was there for lunch at 1pm.  My bill was about $10 (just like the ad said), and although they were grilling cuts of steak, and lots of it... none of it was available for the lunch crowed.  I was told they start serving steak at 4pm.There were a couple of different types of fish and chicken offerings, but except for some dried out slider type of mini burgers, there was nothing else on the menu that included beef.There were a few pluses that should be mentioned:  They serve 4 flavors of real ice cream and there's a self serve 'soft serve' machine as well.  The fried chicken pieces were huge, crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. It seems that they only serve chicken breasts, which most people love (but I prefer dark meat).  My only real concern is that the pieces were huge... making me think that the chickens that they came from were loaded with injected hormones.The minuses is the confusion of the drink stand before paying (many others mentioned why it's not a good idea),  when I left to get seconds my drinks were removed from the table and I was never offered a new one (even though the guy kept walking past me and refilling everyone elses drink in that section). Another confusing item is that only iced tea or lemonade was available,  The soda doesn't get turned on until 3pm.   The location of the place is in a not-so-wonderful neighborhood so there's quite a few customers in there that were giving me the creeps.  It was kind of funny to see the scuzzballs stashing food in their purses and diaper bags,All in all the food is still a fair value... it would be a GREAT value if they had some kind of beef, especially steak, as their ads imply and the best part is that it's a buffet that you don't have to walk a mile from a parking garage and through a casino to get to.
4	Yup, it's a buffet alright. A bit pricey, but I would return, not offten, but I would return. The Fried Chicken was my favorite. I am not sure what they put in thier breading, but it was delicious. If you like your steak RARE ( tell them to make it moo and bloody) otherwise thay are brown through and through. We didn't use the "Woderfalls". They have these little dessert cups that were just delicious even for someone like myself who dosen't care for sweets. OOOOOH they also had a "Bourbon Chicken" that was fabulous over rice. I took away 1 star just because of how awfully packed it was and how people let thier children do anything they want and  run rampant. We came around 3pm to miss the dinner rush and it worked fine even though we had to park in the "lower 40" it was very fast and we were able to get right it. I want to give a shout out to our server "KEN" he is awesome, busts his butt and litteraly went out of his way to make sure everyone in his station was well served! THANK YOU KEN !!!
2	Overpriced for what they serve, bad service, and not a nice place. For a buffet, Red Rock is a best option for the same price.
3	Whoa... A couple years ago this place was amazing. Now they've really gone downhill. I've decided to come back and they aren't the Golden Corral I went to a couple years ago. This one was really getting cheap now. Back then their food was just beautiful and amazing but now it tastes all bland and plain.
3	It's ok. The quality has gone down since it open. I'll rather go to a casinos buffet it's cheaper and free drink!
4	Good food for a good price. The high chairs aren't the greatest. Happy to finally have a Golden Corral in vegas :)
1	Food not very good but people are nice. Some woman threw up on my wife's shoe while in line.
5	I have been to the  Golden Corral locations in Calif. Utah and Las Vegas and although I'm not a buffet person I am impressed with the amount of food and the selection.  First I must say that there was no line when we got there last night.  I was in shock about that.  But very happy considering that every time we go there is always a line.  With at least a 20 to 30 minute wait.   Last night my family went to for the Specialty night Wednesday is steak and wings.  I was disappointed they only had one flavor wings and I don't like spicy food.  So I had to pass on that.  But I got rave reviews from other people abut the steak.  I liked the Meat loaf and fish and the fried okra.  Still all in all plenty for everyone to find something to eat.  And the dessert bar is a sweet persons paradise.  And now they have cotton candy wow!!! sweet, sweet.  I like that they feature different nightly specials.  And they even have breakfast now.  No more going to the strip for a buffet when you can go here for less and better variety.  I still give it two thumbs up.  And they also do birthday parties and have a room to accommodate you group.  I had one there for my daughter this year and everyone enjoyed it.  Also they bring a slice of cake for the birthday person.  But if you want you can bring in your own cake.
4	We waited quite some time to go check things out but have been to other locations in California, Arizona and Oklahoma.  Food was great just so damned busy!  Our waiter, Big T, was wonderful considering the huge crowd.  We never went without drinks, napkins or having plates cleared up.  Would love to see another location in my part of town ASAP.
5	The service was excellent thank you Big Te for taking such good care of us! The food was amazing and they had hot fudge!!!! The only issues we had were the first dinner rolls we had were hard on the bottom and the mashed potatoes were to thin other than that everything was amazing! The restaurant was clean even with the amount of customers and the managers were assisting with cleanup! Two thumbs up!!!!
1	Please don't ever come here! If you love your family do not eat at this place. First things first walking in is the horrible smell. It smells like the inside of a nursing home. No lie. Secondly they do not have a person coming around taking your dirty plates, they will sit on your table for a while in the way of your food. Third it's in the ghetto which would be okay if they had good food and customer service which they do not. Inside gives you the feel that a fight can break out and end up on world star and any moment. And last but not least when we were finished eating sitting and talking about how we will never come here again we see one of the workers cleaning the Buffett area and putting all the food that drops around the sides BACK IN WITH THE OTHER FOOD. I am so traumatized
2	After  years of seeing the commercials for Golden Corral, I was excited to hear that one was finally opening up in Las Vegas.  Gone would be the days of contemplating a drive to Kingman AZ or Hesperia CA to dine at what looks like a really great place.  Having now been twice within two weeks (against my better judgement), I can honeslty say I am let down.  I remember going to a Golden Corral as a kid.  It had the best baked potato bar around.  I can remember my family being so upset when they went out of business in SoCal.  This, however, is not the same Golden Corral I remember from back then.  It is just your average every day run of the mill over priced buffett with chceap food.  Not that it is all bad.  The salad bar is solid and seemed mostly fresh.  And the Ceasar dressing is on point.  The hot food though, hit and miss really.  The Bourbon Street chicken was perhaps my favorite dish of the night.  The orange pork was alright as was the sesame chicken but neither were anything worth writing home about.  The egg roll was small and chewy. The lo mein was made with the same noodles as the spaghetti.  That kind of threw me off.  Neither were the kind of noodles I think they strived to be. The meatloaf was smothered in ketchup the way my mom made it when I was a kid so that was nice.  The green bean casserol was good if for no other reason than it was covered with fried onions which happen to be one of my favorite snacks.  My dad and step-mom spent a few minutes discussing the sausage with bell pepper and onion trying to determie what kind of sausage it was.  The sign said it was Italian sausage.  If it takes two people immersed in conversation for five minutes and a third party to finally look at the sign to know for sure what it was, it was probably not the best representation of that food.  On to dessert, the bread pudding was awesome the first time I went while the cobler was not worth more than two bites.  The second visit had the bread pudding looking so horrible I just moved right past it and onto the pies. I got a slice of apple pie.  The apple filling was fine but the crust was not good.  It lacked flavor and the texture was dry and crumbly.  Not flakey likea good pie crust should be.  As for the chocolate fountain that seems to be like a signature of the chain, it seems very unsanitary.  You have this recirculation of liquid chocolate that sees children coating more than their desserts.  I saw hands going in there too.  Furthermore, these desserts are taken out of the restaurant leading to food sticks, food and stickiness all over the parking lot.  It was more sticky than a movie theatre floor.  My dad has said he will not be back and I have to agree.  In a town full of buffets, there are better quality options with better prices.
3	Sometimes I like comfort food.  And sometimes I want a lot of it.  This place satisfies those desires and does so cheaply and with friendly service.  Win.  Win.
1	Okay so first time here now the food is great well not all of it the hand dipped ice cream is more hand dipped milkshake the chicken is not fully cooked the customer service is horrible the guy who rings people up has an attitude to everyone who walks in the buffet he lacks hospitality, the waitresses dont smile or acknowldege you when you arrive to your table since you sit yourselfves no1 said hi to me at all not even welcome to golden corral so for the first vegas and neveda location its 1 star they make money $$$$$ but they dont make that happy memorable service.
2	I really wanted this location to be better. We've traveled to AZ and UT on many occasions to dine at their locations, and the out of state locations have fared way better.With this being the only location in Las Vegas, I anticipated a long line. We went on a Sunday late morning. The wait time was 15-20 minutes. It helped that the drink fountain is located in the area where you wait in line. The cashier was friendly as was the host that was seating us.With it being a busy location and time frame in mind, I was disappointed. The restaurant is set up buffet style.  Certain areas were messy, and where people had spilled items all over the serving trays, workers were not fast enough in keeping the trays looking clean and tidy. (a quick glance and wipe down would take 10 seconds, but many of the workers stood behind their stations, not moving or double checking anything).My son and I were about to dig into the mashed potatoes tray when the worker quickly swiped up the tray to scrape the tater remains into another full tray of taters, without so much as a quick smile or 'hold on one second so you can get fresh taters instead' acknowledgement. We just stood there with the serving spoon dripping tater remains, our mouths agape.Had my husband been reviewing this restaurant instead, I would guess that he would give the place one star. More than once, he came back to our table with a disappointed look, once because the ranch dressing was out, and twice because the dish that looked most delicious to him kept running out, and the worker at the station responded in a less than friendly manner when he had asked what the wait time would be. Another observation and in no way affects the rating I gave this place: restaurant patrons are RUDE. They cut in line to serve themselves something. Or, they let their kids run up to the dessert area to dip their desserts into the chocolate fountain, which results in splatters, spills, mess, and kids shoving each other. It was hectic!PROS: desserts and chocolate fountain and cotton candy are my favorite. CONS: employees can SMILE and acknowledge their patrons.
4	The line was out the door and off the curb, but it was not too bad of a wait. I went at 12 on Sunday, ppl were always leaving so the line was moving pretty quickly (30 mins).The service was good although our server thought we left and cleared our drinks and all our plates.  Our new server just brought us new drinks. They cleared our tables often :).The food was delish, esp the shrimp and fish that was pan fried! I went back for more, 4 times! Very good fresh fruits, watermelon was so sweet!You are able to see the chefs cook / prep the buffet food through the glass windows which was cool and a first. Everyone was wearing gloves, so pretty clean right? I would def go back again! I got cotton candy to go too! :)
2	We went there as a second visit since opening ,went there to our surprise no waiter, they told us to sit anywhere we wanted  find our own table. So we find one then the bus boy tells us of sorry,this table is for a bigger party to find another table, so we go looking all the ones that was available were still dirty we didn't want to sit there . So they finally clean one and we go to fix food. Why I pull out a dirty spoon with dried up food still on it in the clean spoon bin?? Then food all over the floors so not clean very ghetto, and after paying for the if you ask me too much for the dinner plate for nerve to charge separate for the drinks, we not going back there, food may taste good but its too ghetto
1	horrible
2	Here in vegas this is pointless. You can go to any buffet in town and get way better food and service. It's so chaotic. Most of the food taste old. The carpets are dirty and this place is new. I hate to see what this place looks like after a year.
5	OMG, been here twice now, I had heard rumor a couple years ago that Golden Corral was concerned about competing with other buffets, Golden Corral far exceeds any buffet at same price, the good turnover is fantastic so the food is always hot and tasty, rather wait a couple minutes than  have it cold. The customer service is great!!!! No worries here!!!
3	It's ok there I just feel like if I could cook it at home better why go out and pay for it.I'm not a fan at all but my kids love it there for some reason
2	First of all this is a rip off for $12, not including the drink. The place is filthy, there's food all over the floor under the tables, they are understaffed, and the food is not all that great to begin with.It takes forever to get a drink or to get your table cleared of food. This is pissing me off because you go to the casino and get world class service, all the food you can eat, including the drink for 8 bucks!If you like to get pissed off and frustrated, then eat here but if not, go somewhere else where they  have better service and better food. $12 my ass!Dam!
1	My mother, sister and niece got so sick yesterday 9/26/14.Throwing up and diarrhea ALL NIGHT!
1	Tried to have lunch here today at 12:07. Went for their signature sirloin burgers. Guess what? They were all out and weren't making any more for awhile. It was lunchtime folks and you were just open for 1 1/2 hr. WOW. Very disappointed and besides that there were many empty trays. What's going on. Don't think we'll be back anytime soon. Oh yeah, they lowered the price for general public but not for seniors. Who ever heard of just a dime lower for seniors? Outrageous!
1	Items mislabeled, not enough selection, Over priced! A lot of overweight customers here. Food doesn't exceed my expectations, I would never recommend this place nor come here again. I don't understand what all of the commotion was about to get one in Vegas!
4	affordable price and the food is good...
2	I will start off by saying that the food was much better than I was expecting. If this review was only about the food I would give the Golden Corral 5 stars. But alas, there were problems that have prevented that from happening.This was the first visit for all of us. We were a party of 5, and arrived early because people told us the line was long and we should plan on waiting a while before being seated. We walked in the door with a big sticker that said "We're glad you're here" and there was not a single person ahead of us. Walking up to the register I would have expected a greeting along the lines of "Welcome to Golden Corral". Instead the cashier snapped "You have to get your drinks first". I understand that some buffets do not include the drinks, and I am OK with this. But I do not appreciate being misled. I also don't find this to be a friendly greeting. We paid and stood by a sign that said "Please wait to be seated". After waiting for some time the rude cashier finally told us we could take any seat we wanted. (Note to other diners: Signs here don't mean that much)On the way to find I table I couldn't help look over the food, and was happy to see hand scooped chocolate chip mint ice cream and hot fudge. ... Let the dinner begin ... Again I will mention that the food was good. The service, however, was terrible. Drinks were never refilled, plates were never cleared. I was wondering if we picked a table without a server assigned to it, but there was ample staff working. Looking at the employees I noticed that nobody smiled. Not a single employee seemed to enjoy their job. This was a terrible place to work. Waiters and waitresses pushed their way through customers. Customers are nothing more than an inconvenience to the staff.OK, time for Ice Cream!!! I stood at the counter, but the single employee behind that counter was rolling some balls of dough. Her back was to us and we could not get her attention. Yes, once again, customers are nothing more than an inconvenience to the staff. I gave up on the Ice Cream and went to the chocolate fountain. There was a single green strawberry and the chocolate was foaming. (I'll pass on that).The cookies were good. A second trip to the ice cream bar was a waste of time, as there was more bread dough to roll.Of the 5 of us, two people said they would come back despite the poor service. Myself and my date felt differently. We agreed never again. The 5th person was indifferent, saying "I could take it or leave it". Seeing how 60% of the Golden Corral's new customers have no plans on returning, I now understand why there was no line at the front.In the restroom there is a sign that states: "Employees must wash their hands before returning to work". This scared me, as we already determined that "Signs here don't mean that much".
3	A really good buffet outside of a casino. 11.99 for dinner was a very fair price. The salad bar and toppings were fresh and they had everything from fresh baby spinach, grilled steak, chicken, diced ham and bacon.  To boiled eggs, several types of crutons. The entrees were a hit or miss.. The post roast was really good as was the baked chicken, ham and grilled fish. The chinese food was just okay..The fried chicken was tasty as long as you removed the greasy very salty skin. The clam chowder was nothing impressive, kind of on the bland side. The desserts were really good as well. Typical selection of pie slices as well as chocolate cake and carrot. The "soft serve ice cream"...was very liquidy and kind of gritty.. but you can't go wrong with the chocolate fountain. .
3	I'm really not a fan of this buffet restaurant.  Honestly the area the restaurant is located in is not that great.  I was dying to try this golden coral because I had eaten at two other golden corals in 3 different states and they were super awesome.   They were so awesome I had to pinch myself to make sure I hadn't died and gone to heaven.  This golden coral I was disappointed in.  Number one it's the type of restaurant where you have to wait for your drinks.  They were crazy busy and it took forever for refills.  I hate it when restaurants understaff.  To me the food was bland.  The only think I really like was the steak.  The salad bar was ok.  It took me several weeks to go because it always looked packed.  Eventually I decided to go with my girlfriend during the busy hours.  Big mistake!  Other customers there were like packs of animals and when the staff set out new food they would load up their plates until they had to put out a whole new batch.  To me the franchise here in Vegas has just lost some of its flavor.
2	Please disregard my review if you're perfectly OK with all-you-can-eat crappy food, because I know that some people are. The service is fine, our drinks were always full, and the cashier was friendly. I had heard so much hype about them opening in Vegas that I was honestly looking forward to trying this location out. There selection was not as big as I expected, and what really bothered us was the fact that 1/3rd of the food had NO label. The best food I had was the steak. You see them grilling It right there and they ask how you want it done. All of the other food was pretty bland. Except the cotton candy, it's hard to have nasty cotton candy ;)
3	Be prepared for the millions of people who act like they haven't seen food in their entire lives! Other than the Sunday lunch rush I liked the food very much. Plus you get to go home with a bag of free rolls which are delicious with butter and heated up! :) Our server was very pleasant and cleared our table when needed as well as refilled our drinks upon request. The only other problem I have is the cashier in the front who talked to us like we were five. I can clearly read "red cups are for water" just fine. She explained that to us like we couldn't understand English or something. Well, maybe you should put a bigger sign propped up some place rather than have a little not post it size note on the table where the soda machine sits. People might see it better...just saying.
