3	Looks:  The actual bar is beautiful, backlit with soft colored lights that change on a timer.  The layout, however, is absurd.  The bar is 15 yards away from the hotel door and registration desk, with nothing in between.  Who wants to see tired travelers hauling luggage?  Put up a curtain or something.  Crowd:  Dismal.  At 7:30, we were 2 of 4 people there.  I can't imagine this place attracting much besides hotel guests.Food:  Only appetizers.  We got the white bean hummus, which was good, but not great.  The sliders at another table looked very tasty.Value:  Appetizers are $6.  Drinks are cheap during happy hour (4-7), but expensive otherwise.Service:  Excellent.  They charged the wrong price for my beer, but they took it off completely when we mentioned the mistake.Miscellaneous:  They have live music on Wednesdays, and the guy doing acoustic covers was actually quite talented.  (No tip jar... Jack needs a manager.)  They have a martini flight, so you can try 3 different martinis for $8 during HH.Verdict:  I'd go back on a Wednesday to hear Jack and try the sliders, but let's just say this place isn't making it into my rotation.
4	Nice modern bar in the hotel with ample seating and friendly service.. The bartenders were great the beer selection is good and great happy hour specials....
3	Not bad for a hotel bar, but if you're not staying here it would probably be best not to make it a destination or even a stop-over.  There are 8 comfortable stools at the bar and there are several lounge tables with chairs to match.The bar is a part of the hotel lobby and is void of any privacy partition.  It's a great place to track guest movements because you have a perfect vantage point of the lobby elevators.Prices are average for the area.  It's nice not having to pay $9 for a Chivas Regal on the rocks.  And it's a decent place for a nightcap if you're already staying at the Hilton (or hope to stay in it...wink wink).After the club it's the hotel party...
3	$5 bottle of Coors Light? Really? You do realize this is Chandler, Arizona and not the Vegas strip, right??
