1	This is not the Walgreens I normally shop at. I usually go to the one by my home on Green Valley Parkway. I had an unpleasant encounter this morning with the assistant manager (I didn't catch his name, but he was an older guy with gray hair) that will never make me want to shop at this particular location again.Yesterday I went in to get a couple of things and noticed no one was at the register. At my regular Walgreens store they're usually pretty good about already being behind the counter or they're always watching out for customers if no one's back there, even late at night when there's hardly anyone there. I waited for about a minute before I wandered over to the cosmetics section. There was a young man there helping someone else. He asked me, "Is there someone over there?" I said, "No," and he called on the intercom for someone. I went back over to the front and the girl took someone else instead who was already standing there. Now, this should be a minor thing, but I was kind of miffed anyway, even though she didn't know that I was there before those other people. Still, I gave them another try this morning.I went in there to buy a couple of sodas because they were the cheapest thing I could think of to get. Since I only had $18 left on my debit card and I needed the cash for something very important, I was going to buy a soda on two separate cards so I could get cash back from both of them (one of them was an EBT card, unfortunately, I didn't know you couldn't get cash back, only money to purchase food). I made the mistake of having the girl ring up the sodas on one transaction. When I entered $16.00 into the machine and the transaction was complete, she only gave me back $15.21. WTF? I know it was only a few cents, but still...I thought she was going to charge me .79 on my card and give me $16.00. Then I should have gotten back that amount easily, so I was confused why I didn't. She called the assistant manager to sort it out. The first thing he did wrong was argue with me. I worked in retail for seven years and I learned the hard way that is the WORST thing you can do with a customer. He told me I entered the cash back amount wrong. He thought I entered the amount as $16.79 because that's what it said on the receipt. "No," I said. "I entered $16.00 even," and we kept going back and forth about it until he said the computer was wrong. Okay, make up your mind, then. First you say I'm wrong, now you're computer's wrong. Which one is it?I explained my situation about wanting to do it on two separate transactions and he feigned incompetence (or actually, he didn't feign imcompetence - he *was* incompetent) saying, "I don't know what you want, ma'am." I kept explaining it to him and we both confused and frustrated each other (due to his uncooperative and combative attitude which made me irate in the first place). Then I was about to try to get cash back on my EBT card and he complained very rudely, "Will you just do it already, please?"That did it. I shot back at him, "Look, I know you're just doing your job. I used to work behind the counter too, so I know how people like you used to get frustrated with people like me. But be glad you have a job! I wish I did." I proceeded to try to get cash back from EBT, but unfortunately it didn't take. So there was no point in getting the other soda. He ended up giving me a refund on the first soda and giving me the $16.00 even like I wanted, which is what he should have done instead of arguing with me, saying I entered the cash back amount wrong when I KNOW I didn't.He should have just said, "Here, let me fix that. I can give you a refund for your soda and give you the $16.00. Sorry about that," and given me his best customer-service, kiss-ass smile (even though inwardly he's probably saying, "Oh, no, here's another moron I have to deal with this morning since I'm having a bad day." Then there would have been no problem. I would've been on my merry way and gone about my business.Instead, I'm just not giving them my money anymore. Case closed.
1	I have been to this store twice on a Friday night around 9:30 - and it has been CLOSED.A drug store. Closed that early on a Friday night? For god's sake, many Walgreens are 24 hours!Whoever runs this store - drugstores exist to serve people when it's convenient for THEM, but when it's convenient for YOU. If you don't want to stay open on Friday nights, you're in the wrong line of work.
4	OK, I have to say I zipped into this place only for about 10 minutes.  I give it a four overall.a.  Hawaiian Section - OK, this is the 5 star point. They have a small section for hawaiian product, snacks and some ingredients.  If you are a fun of hawaiian snacks, this is great and they have a decent selection.b.  Service - 4 start - Not bad, the line was not long, and when there were more than a few people, another cashier showed up to reduce waiting. I thought that this was great.c.  Location - 4 star - Inside a mall is a bit busy.  All the lights to turn into Galleria Mall take like forever to turn green.  Parking is a bit "busy" as there are plenty of other places near to this Walgreens.d.  Go Back Factor - It is a bit more difficult to get to this one, however, I will be returning for the Hawaiian food as it is great to load up on snacks.GK says, if you are in the area, try it out.  Otherwise, getting there is a bit of a pain.  If you have a hunkering for Red Nori Iso Nuts, or Le Hing Mui, or Arare crackers, this is the place to go.Check it out!
4	Shorter hours than the rest in this area bit there is almost never a wait of line.  The pharmacy staff are exceptionally professional and friendly.
4	I like this location because it is pretty slow I mean I do see people in there, but very few.The manager is very nice and helpful. There is always parking. The lines are always short here and there is almost never a wait. Only bad this is they open at 9:30 am.
