5	This is simple: great school, great teachers and the best education.  This school is second to none - we have two children there.  It has shown a proven track record that will create the best chance for your child to succeed.  Why would you say no to this?!! I would suggest taking the tour to get a feel for the environment.  Some kids learn differently and this might not be the best environment for your particular child; however the education level is superb.
2	Eeww is all I could think of as I walked the halls of this school for a tour. Most of the classrooms did not have windows. All rooms were dark and dingy. The floors were dirty and the carpet old. The entire school was very quite and did not hear the normal chatter from little children. Not even from Pre-Schoolers. The playground for pre-schooers is a joke. Completely walled up. The school might perform academically but I think at a high cost of the childs other development including social skills and physical development, being verbally expressive etc.
5	Amazing school.  Great for early childhood development.  I started my first when she was a little over 3 and 1/2 and was floored by the progress she had made by the end of the summer. The following academic year in preschool she not only had learned to read but also write full sentences and paragraphs, this is by the age of four and a half. The school provided a very fun learning atmosphere and challenged her to her potential without burning her out. The administrative staff the teachers and everyone involved was providing a great education for my daughter and I could not have asked for more. Right now I'm sending my other three and a half year old and I'm very excited to see how she progresses!
5	This is a fantastic school.  I am puzzled by F.N. review.  From what I read this person has not had a child attend this school.  I think it would be impossible to judge the quality of education by simply walking thru the halls.  I have two children at this school.  Both of them started at pre k.  They have not only have received a world class eduction, but they have had no problem socially or physically.  The teachers and administration are highly qualified and nurturing at the same time.  There is not a better school in the valley.
