4	Located right in the heart of Bruntsfield is a delightful little guest house, Albyn Townhouse.  You can find it right at the end of Hartington Gardens, which comes off Viewforth, meaning that it has a very quiet location.  My parents stayed here last year when they came up to visit, and they spoke highly of it.The guest house itself has 10 en-suite rooms that includes singles, doubles and twin rooms.  It offers a full Scottish breakfast that I remember hearing was much to my father's enjoyment!  The female owner of the guest house was very pleasant, and I saw her a couple of times.  She was always ready to engage in conversation, and taking great care to look after her guests.With a small capacity, and the quality of the guest house, this is bound to be a popular place to stay.  It is well worth considering if you are thinking of visiting this area of Edinburgh.  My parents would stay there again, and I count that to be as good a recommendation as any!
5	I don't think I've ever stayed in a more professional, well-run bed & breakfast. First, a note about the location and setting. Albyn is at the end of a quiet little street just a few minutes' walk from the heart of Edinburgh. My wife and I stayed here for the start of our honeymoon and we never even had to take a bus; we just walked everywhere. This is also an absolutely beautiful building. The owners obviously poured a great deal of time, energy, and passion into this place, and it shows. It's clean, beautiful, and welcoming.Special mention must be made of Lydie, the owner we interacted with the most. She is absolutely wonderful - energetic, friendly, and sweet, just like the rest of the building and its staff. She's the sort of person who makes you feel right at ease, yet is completely professional and on-task. She also makes a wonderful breakfast. We stayed here for multiple days, and there was a great variety available off the menu (included in your stay). We spent over a week in Paris after Edinburgh, and we actually wished we could have had more time here, instead. I recommend this place wholeheartedly, and my wife and I will absolutely be staying here again if we have the chance.
5	I was looking for a place to rest my head for a last minute, first visit to Edinburgh and the good reviews tempted me to check out Albyn Townhouse. At first I was a bit disappointed that the only room free on my chosen dates was a single (I was travelling alone but an usually happy to pay the extra for a more comfortable room) but I needn't have worried. OK, there wasn't any 'cat swinging' room to spare, but there was an extremely comfy double bed and en suite shower room. The famously friendly owners were out of town when I visited but the lady left in charge was a treasure, full of helpful tips and just a few moments away if needed.There were a few good breakfast options available, from a 'right on' fruity granola to the 'full on' Scottish (like English with black pudding and haggis). The decor was very 'boutique', there were lovely finishing touches like cotton wool balls for the ladies, free wifi, the best welcoming info folder I have EVER seen in any establishment, and providing you book ahead there are a few private parking spots.It's not budget prices but you could get a lot worse for a lot more. This will definitely be my first choice for my next visit to Edinburgh.
5	David and Lydie Hudson are your hosts at this warm and friendly B&B. My wife and I have enjoyed their hospitality on several trips to Edinburgh, and would not think of staying anywhere else. David's welcoming smile and Lydie's photography, art work, cakes and unfailing charm make every day an adventure. They are ready to brief you on the best venues for touring and dining and are never too busy to assist you with arranging your day's travels.Ah, and did I mention breakfast? One must experience this.The Townhouse is conveniently located near banks, bistros, a great chocolate shop, Costa coffee house, the 3 Birds Restaurant, and public transportation or, if one prefers, a nice walk down town to Princes street, the center of all things bright and wonderful.Going to Edinburgh? Forget the big hotels, don't pass up the opportunity to spend some time amidst the Hudson family at Albyn Townhouse.
