5	I have been going to Lynn for my skincare and girly-girl needs since I was about 15. As a customer of hers for some 9 years (and many more to come!), Lynn is as good as it gets. Not only is she extremely professional, but she's also very kind and friendly, which is a refreshing change from some beauticians I've gone to in the past.Lynn offers a wide array of services and packages -- everything from waxing, facials, makeup tips, and one of my favorite aspects of her services is right in her company name -- organic!Her prices are extremely reasonable and her services are beyond perfection and exceptional. Go with Lynn, she's a definite win! :)
5	I decided to check out Lynn because I was in desperate need of a facial. (My friend is getting married this weekend and I thought it would be a gesture of goodwill and friendship to refrain from looking like a hot mess in her bridal party pictures :-))  My criteria was a place close to my neighborhood, reasonably priced, with someone who knows what they're doing.She's located in Sola Salon, which is a bunch of independent skin care and salon businesses inside one building. Thus, each owner has their own room. Lynn's space is nice, clean and relaxing. Lynn herself is super nice, professional and .... soothing!  We chatted the whole time. She's been an esthetician for 16 years so I felt comfortable that she knew what she was doing. I ended up doing a pumpkin facial (her current special), which encompassed a 45 minute facial for $50. This included a cleansing and extractions. Lynn was very gentle, especially since it'd been a while since my last facial and some of those suckers were in there deep! I also received free samples with my facial. I loved that she didn't try to push any products on me. (Not like at other places I've been to.)All in all, it was a great experience and I highly recommend her.
5	Lynn is a terrific esthetician and a rare find. She provides the utmost care for her clients and gives honest, considerate advice with regards to skincare. She does not try to push any of her products, and at one point she actually turned me down for a chemical peel because my skin was too dehydrated at the time; she thought it would do more harm than good. I have gone to her three times now. The first time I met her I had wanted to do a Purity Peel, but she advised me to opt for a facial instead to clear my pores before going through a chemical peel. It was a great choice as my skin cleared up one day after the facial. Also, the Cosmedix Clarity serum sample that she gave to me was an effective on-the-spot blemish treatment - much more effective than any other acne product I've tried in the past!I just did a Purity Peel with her, and I'm looking forward to clearing out blemishes in my face with her help.
5	This facial was uh-mazing!!! She was very professional, kind and made me feel completely comfortable and relaxed. My skin hasn't felt this good and hydrated in a very long time. All of her products were organic and I can already tell a difference in my skin. She also sent me home with free samples to try rather than pushing me to buy a bunch of products I may not like or don't need. I will definitely recommend her go all of my friends!
5	My facial with Lynn was great! There was no sales pitch involved and she did nothing other than make me feel incredibly welcome and comfortable the whole time. I love that she uses organic products and I couldn't believe how painless the extractions were. I also had some facial waxing and tinting done and it was great as well. I will probably skip the tinting next time just because my lame-o hair isn't holding the color very well, but that's just because I'm special. Highly recommended esthetician!! I'll be back!
