5	Of all of the Banana Republics in Vegas, this one is my favorite.  It's located a few stores down from the Apple Store, which is conveniently located near the South Parking Garage.They always have the latests styles here and I can always find my size, which is awesome.  I bought 3 pairs of jeans because they had my size.The employees here are always friendly and they can move the line when it gets busy, which is a huge plus.Will I return?  Of course!
4	I love Banana Repulic and shop at its stores regularly.  There are a few BR locations here in Las Vegas, and this particular location is in the Town Square shopping, dining and entertainment complex on S Las Vegas Blvd.This location is probably better for women shoppers, as it seems to have more sizes in stock compared to the selections for men.  And if you wait for the sales of items I like, chances are you are out of luck unless your size is XL or L.The staff here are very friendly though, and will do their best to find items in your size at other stores if it is not in stock here.  I know it is part of their job, but they tackle it as if they are helping one of their friends.  The effort is genuinely appreciated!The store is usually neatly organized. Shopping here is a pleasant and relaxing experience.  Easily a 4 stars experience.
4	4 STARS for finding khakis for the low low price of $11!  I found my size on the clearance rack which was a great steal of a deal!  Although I may not shop at this BR again when back in town, I'll always remember finding that one great deal!
4	Banana Republic always has choice selection as far as I'm concerned. It's great for work stuff and super preppy casual wear. This BR was exceptionally big, but I was on a mission to buy clothes for a conference I was going to. They had a huge selection and a wide size range, but alas I left empty-handed. Nevertheless, drop by this BR and see it for yourself!
3	Love Banana Republic. However, this location has the worst attendants that I have ever encountered on each instance that I have visited. I.e. They do not great customers, or check to see if you need assistance. Today for example, I was planning to buy a number of items, but had challenges locating a size. I purposely shop at locations as a result. Holiday season is typically better on service. Should be year round.
