4	THERAPY: Ask for Jocelyn  and say Dominique sent you!Havent tried their free 1 week trial but will next year!
4	Really busy place!  Great prices, and friendly service.  Got us in same day for massage.  Massage was prob the best I had in Montreal, but none of the Montreal therapists seem to understand deep tissue.  Was very relaxing though, and the ambience and music were great.  The room was a little warm though, they might want to turn the AC up some in the summer.  Recommend.
4	I started going to Bliss after purchasing their 30 days-40$ deal. And I'm so glad I did. I've only had 2 different instructors, and both were great. They're patient, helpful, and so enthusiastic about their practise. I usually go in the morning to avoid huge classes, so I haven't experienced Bliss at its maximum capacity...which considering how small it is, could be chaotic.
5	I had an incredible experience here, with a infrared sauna session followed by a lymphatic drainage massage by Katie. First of all: the atmosphere when I walked in was warm and inviting. I immediately felt comfortable, and the employees were friendly, knowledgeable, and welcoming. The environment smells great, feels very zen, is alive with genuinely kind energy, and has lots of bright light coming in from the windows.Second: the infrared sauna was brand new and very roomy! This was a better experience than my past infrared sauna experience at a different spa (though that was also very positive). The room, again, was bright with sunlight. Robes, slippers, and a bag in which to carry my clothes were available. A relaxing CD played.Third: the lymphatic massage! I love deep tissue and hot stone massages - things that really get in there and work the muscles. For some reason, while reviewing the Spa menu to see what kind of deep muscle work I'd be signing up for, "Lymphatic Drainage" called out to me and I intuitively knew I had to get it. I didn't even know what it was! Katie was simply incredible. She'd noted from my sign in form that I like my massages very hard, and explained that this would be quite the opposite. Lymphatic massages target the lymph, which is a fluid that lives beneath the skin and above the muscle. She would very gently stimulate the flow of that fluid with a light touch as well as by pumping lymph nodes. She made me feel SO comfortable, and she went out of her way to make sure that I was on board and was getting what I wanted. I've never had a masseuse be so communicative and open, and I've never had a masseuse make me feel so welcome and so comfortable. So I decided to try it. WOW. The massage itself was deeply relaxing, while simultaneously electrifying my body. I drank about a gallon of water over the next few hours, and slept like  rock. I was actually exhausted for a solid 24 hours as toxins worked their way out. Two days later, I am nothing but grateful that I did this. I felt the effects of this massage more than I have any muscular massage, and I can see a positive difference in my skin and my muscle tone. I am also experiencing more clarity and energy than I have in awhile.Fourth: the price was an absolute steal for the quality of service I received.I can't say enough great things about this place. I WILL be back. i want to go back for other massages, for more infrared and lymphatic, and I want to try their yoga classes. Thank you, Studio Bliss, for making me feel like I found a 'home' away from home!
3	Came here for the lunch hour power/ashtanga class on a recent trip to Montreal. Overall, this is a solid studio. Great location on St. Laurent, just a block away from Schwartz's in cause you need some post-yoga food! (My preference though was the healthier and quieter SoupeSoup on Duluth). There is also a spa, but I just went for the yoga class. The studio is nice and airy. I would say the building is a bit old and it's not the cleanest facility I've seen, but it was okay. I like that they provided jugs of water and cups in case you forget your water bottle. I also like that they allow you to store your yoga mat in the changeroom. If I lived in Montreal, it would be much more convenient to just leave my mat in the studio instead of lugging it back and forth between home/work/yoga. The change room is pretty small though, and given that the lunch class was quite busy, it was a bit crammed. The class itself was really enjoyable. The teacher was Jacob Cino and he was very helpful, positive, and made us sweat a lot in the shorter 1 hour class. He conducts his class in a mix of English and French.
5	Ok, so never wrote before because I used to work there and of course, did not find it fair to review it. But I have been away now for 1 year and a half and when you are an ex-employee still promoting a place, i is because something is right there.I miss the quality of massages from Studio Bliss. They truly have some of the best Montreal Massage Therapists. But above all it is the variety of massages they offer that I miss in other places. Most massage therapists at bliss also possess more than one technique so they often come up with a mix of their own and you are gone for an experience in lala land. Especially with their signature Bliss Massage!As far as yoga, same thing. I miss the quality of yoga teachers from there. You feel like your body work yet there is a spiritual practice at the same time, which is what yoga is all about... Not only about positions and competition.Having worked there and writing all of this, I realize that their strength is that they audition they massage therapists and yoga teachers. And they are pretty demanding on quality.Namaste!
4	I've come to a handful of classes here while vacationing here a couple of times. It's in a very hip neighborhood, and the studio has a really homey and comfortable feel. The classes here are typically taught in both French and English. And, the teachers are very genuine and patient about guiding their studios through their practices. I recall one teacher introducing herself to each student before class and asking each of us if there was something in particular we wanted to work on, and she incorporated each of our requests. It was pretty impressive. Another teacher each gave us shoulder massages before our final savasana, too. I think these little touches are what makes a yoga practice more enjoyable and makes you feel like you are part of a community.Whenever I'm in town, I definitely enjoy taking in a class or two here.
4	My new yoga spot. This is not fancy place as some other great ones I've experience Montreal, and yet I just love it. The teachers are by far the bests I've met in a while, so it  balances the fact that the studio is quite small and basic - there are no lockers, showers, or anything. It's an in-and-out kinda place, but still, the classes are just amazing. There's a great deal for new students, too. You get unlimited yoga 30 days for about 40$. You must try!
5	One of the best massages I've ever had. I was so relaxed that I fell asleep, and I woke up feeling loose and fabulous. Reasonable prices. Try it out!
4	Have been here twice already for massage. The first time was real splendid. The second one I tried a different hot massage which I personally did not like it much though. The place is real cozy and the people are very welcoming. Should definitely try once. The best thing is it is in prime downtown. A bit over priced though.
5	On my last day of a quick trip to Montreal from Southern CA and having spent 3 full days of walking all over Montreal I decided to treat myself to a massage before getting on a 5 hr flight home. Checking out all the reviews on line I made a choice to avoid the higher end "spas" and I decided to walk the mile plus to Studio Bliss. So glad I did!!! Anne was AMAZING!!!  I get regular massages, one might even call me a massage snob. She clearly is extremely knowledgable about the body and worked on all my problem areas. Most importantly I think was that she has the touch of a person who truly loves her job, and the human body. I can just tell the minute she touched me.  Her touch is tender, and yet aggressive when she found a problem area.  It was without a doubt the single best massage I have ever had. Ask for Anne and you will not be disappointed. Worth every penny I paid and whenever I am in Montreal I will be booking my massage with her. FABULOUS!!!
3	As far as location goes, yes this spa is conveniently located. The staff and massage therapists are also friendly, no doubt. But my massage was, at most, subpar. I left the salon feeling more tense than I felt going in. I know every masseuse has their own way of doing things but man...it didn't feel good. There was a lot of awkward tapping and usage of trinkets I find, I don't think I've ever had that happen before. Also, it was extremely expensive. 90$ per hour, which is very high in comparison to other salons. Likely wouldn't return.
