3	Just like any other platos the move gives them a bigger selection of the usual 'in' fashion. It was kind of like forever 21 tho with the styles that are popular atm. I'm not into shirts that cover half a nipple haha they had some great shoes tho, so somewhere there's something you'd like. However a few of the workers (not all)  are just rude and their tone of voice is very dry, and demeaning. I'll never come here again.
2	The store itself was okay, but the staff was awful. They spoke to me in a demeaning tone of voice when I asked how the selling process worked, and then the process itself was incredibly slow. I had to leave the store before they had even looked at my things because I had run out of merchandise to look at. They had me write my phone number down when I left my clothing but I did not receive a call when it was finished. I had to go down there and check 3 hours later to find it was ready. I stood next to the counter for several minutes while the staff talked amongst themselves about things that did not involve work. When I was finally noticed, they still spoke to me in a very unpleasant tone to tell me they were buying two of my seven items.I was given $6.30 for a skirt and a dress that I had never worn. In comparison to other thrift stores this one is lacking in customer service, which is why I will not return.
1	One star for the shopping. This place needs a new owner and a new staff. Incredibly rude and not customer friendly. I'm sorry did I interrupt your social hour?
1	I am the last person to be impatient in a retail setting because I work retail and I understand things can get busy but let me tell you this was an awful experience. I went in with two bags full of coach bags, vintage juicy, guess dresses, guess tops, and a Dooney and Bourke bag. The girl at the counter told me my wait would be 30 minutes long and that I could look around. 45 minutes later after I looked around and. couldn't find anything I wanted,I checked in and they hadn't even touched my bag and told me it wouldn't be much longer. Another fifteen or twenty minutes passes by and the bags were still untouched. At that point I left and got Starbucks down the road, came back and they still hadn't touched my bags. Finally they realized it had been over an hour and a half that they had kept me waiting, so they started looking through my things. They should have spared me and just told me to come back another day. The manager looked flustered and quickly went through my things only to buy a cheap scarf and a few cheap dresses, I thought maybe they missed a bag full, but they didn't sadly. Woohoo, I got twenty dollars and wasted almost two hours of my time. Just from an outsiders view this place needs to get the staff under control, it was poorly managed, and everyone was rude. It was clear the manager was stressed which stressed her staff out, which was pissing customers off. The only reason they get a star was because the new location is much better and spacious. Now I'm sitting here at Tip and Toes (which is amazing) down the road unwinding, because that place really got me heated, and that takes a lot. Thanks for the pedicure, Platos
1	The shopping is nice for in style fashion but dont bother bringing things to resell.  I went in with two large bins of name brand items, purfumes, purses and shoes and they didnt find one thing "in style". Half of it I had bought there just 3 months or so prior. Waste of time to get it loaded and wait around just for them to quickly dig through the bins so they could power through the other people waiting just to get told the same thing. :/
4	I don't know what everyone's deal is but I have never had an issue with the staff, either here or at their old location. Most people seem to complain about attitude and demeaning nature but the staff have always been friendly to me. Maybe you get what you give?Anyway. This store is great, a TON of clothes to sift through,  which I really enjoy. I love the thrill of the hunt for cool clothes.  It's organized by item and then by color so it's pretty easy to narrow down what you have in mind. One star off because sometimes the items are a little beat and overpriced. But that's not that norm.I'll keep coming back for sure!
2	The staff ruins the experience of finding awesome deals. The jeans were not put in the right size category. I genuinely like thrift shopping but I now know not to expect any form of customer service here. Please hire better staff!! It can't be that hard.
1	I decided to check out the store as I always drive by it. Parking was very easy and quick to find. So I'll give them that. As I walk in no one acknowledges me. I am NOT greeted or even smiled at. There was an older lady going through clothes and she seemed mad. I was looking through the shoes and their prices are funny or should I say ridiculous. They had a pair of busted dirty creased Nikes for $40! When mine cost me $50 brand NEW! Its used cmon. Prices are not to die for or even great. Like I said its USED! Also the music in there was too loud I couldn't hear when my phone rang in there. I don't plan to go back nor do I want to nor will I recommend. And yes they need better professional mature employees because not once was I greeted or asked if I needed help. The place was a mess I didn't even last 30 min before I decided it was time for me to go and never come back!!!!
2	Avoid this place if you are trying to sell clothes. staff is rude and did not take even one item from my TUB full of clothes. they said they were old style (which they definitely weren't, many things I had are still on trend) I kid you not-more than half the things in the store were ugly and cheap AND old. like really?? I felt like the girl there had a personal vendetta against me or something. very weird and very annoying. also they play terrible music that hurts your ears. evanescence? really?
3	Store is ok. Staff could use some help. I don't think anyone said anything to us while we were inside. Some sections could use better organizing. Store is spread out nicely.
4	I went there a few times just to look for friends who work retail. The selection was incredible. I actuallywent in prior to the store opening. They let me look and when I had a question they mentioned in a very nice manner, they would open at ...... Three visits and nothing but nice personnel.
1	Platos closet in Scottsdale needs to hire more mature, educated people. These girls that go through the clothes are idiotic. They barely look through anything and decline most of it. All of the things I brought in (7 grocery bags full, organized by item) were recent, trendy, lightly worn items. I saw many things in the store that were similar and even more that were in worse quality/out of style. When you go to sell they seem angry that they have to work and are just messing around like kids while people shop.. Very unimpressed. Before this store moved to this location it was much better!
3	'Twas the weekend before Thanksgiving and my dear sister came to town...She was all about a relaxing visit, but when she entered my closet, we looked at each other and knew... a major closet clean-out was about to go down!That's where the poem stops and the clean-out starts... We worked for over an hour making piles of what to donate, what to trade, and what to consign... the majority was in the trade pile, which Aubs suggested we take to Plato's.  We ended up taking a full duffel bag to this location.  We dropped it off and took a look around.  I knew right away that this was not the best place for me to shop, and it was confirmed when the girls told me they would give me $49 for 10 of my many items.  My style is a bit more "mature" than what they are looking for.  Many of their items are brands such as Abercrombie, Target, Urban, etc... I think my donations were more Seven, Splendid, Ella Moss, etc... I'm not a big thrift shopper, but this place was not a fit for me.  On the bright side, I did take the $49, so it wasn't a complete waste of time!I ended up donating the remainder of my items to Salvation Army down the street.  I hope that my "mature" items will go to someone in need.  This place is huge though; and just because it wasn't my style, doesn't mean it couldn't be someone else's.  Just go in with the right expectations and hopefully you'll find what you're looking for.Yelper note: I should have done my homework before going in as I see from the Plato's Closet website that they "buy and sell gently used clothing for teens and twenty-something boys and girls."  Obviously, I'm a bit out of that demographic!  I'll know for next time, but hope this helps you out in the meantime.
1	If I could give no stars I would. This store is horrible. All the clothes there are either super basic forever21 pieces or wet seal. Sometimes you'll find something that's cute and not last season, but it's extremely extremely rare. If you're a trend setter I wouldn't go here. Goodwill has better used clothes than here. At least there you'll find unique pieces. Oh and the people who work there are snobby teen girls who don't know style. I went there to try to sell my clothes, they bought absolutely nothing... Then after I decided to go to buffalo and they bought almost $80 worth of things. If you're looking to sell things or buy cute/trendy/unique pieces don't go here. I stopped going for almost a couple of  months  now and I don't regret a minute of it.
1	I need a manager/owner to get in touch with me ASAP for my recent terrible experience here and a debit card dispute. Preferably not the stringy long haired blonde that was chatting about her party plans for the night on the landline for the entire store to hear. I need someone with a brain to contact me. Will leave  full length review and file a complaint with BBB if I'm not contacted within two days and this charge settled. I've never in my life dealt with such genuine apathy and just flat out unprofessionalism. Avoid this place at absolutely all costs. Did find some cool pieces here but nothing worth what I dealt with/am still dealing with.
1	I couldn't even believe my last couple of visits to either locations. I came to this location last night with two laundry baskets and 3 trash bags OVERFLOWING with items. These items included brands like Urban Outfitters, Forever 21, I even brought in a pair of unused Converse. I looked around for a little and grabbed a couple of items I liked and went to the dressing room. When my sister knocked on the door and told me they didn't take any of the items I was absolutely gobsmacked. I seriously thought she was joking! They claimed that the stuff we had "wasn't the style they were looking for"... ??? What kind of style doesn't include a pair of Urban Outfitters (fairly new) white skinny jeans? Or a pair of new pink Converse? I am extremely disappointed. Not to mention the unprofessionalism and immaturity shown with their employees. I don't think anyone above 20 works in that store or manages it. Don't come here, take your stuff to somewhere like Buffalo Exchange instead.
