4	This is my go-to Thai place. I like the atmosphere and the service, but I usually do take-out these days.  I love the Kaeng Panaeng curry, and their Pad Si Ew is also good.  They deliver to the neighborhood, and are very friendly.  It can get a bit pricey when you add in the rice (sticky rice is soo yummy), but I find myself going back often.
4	Excellent thai food, I always recommend it and bring ppl who are visiting from out of town. Never disappointed in the food, my go to place for Thai in the city, no other place compares.
3	Good food in a very relaxed atmosphere.  This is the place to have dinner if you are thinking asian and then heading over to hang at the Waverly or Cafe Olympico or maybe grabbing some good Scotch at Whisky Cafe.
4	Spacious, relaxed dinner spot on Bernard that's cozy with the wood paneling and half-slatted blinds and goldesque Thai statuary and well-timed unobtrusive service. And oh yeah, just lovely well-cooked and seasoned food. Sticky rice and spicey perfect eggplant and red curry duck and fire engine rice noodles are a good way to my heart almost any time, but on a Monday night with a bottle of inexpensive Vivolo and wise ladies... well we're talking super swell and many stars.
3	Food is good.  Service is good.  I have nothing to complain about.
4	A great Thai restaurant in a great neighbourhood. There are so many conversation pieces in the decor - the highlight being the shoes-off seating area - that it makes for a great first date place. But if that doesn't help break the ice, the food probably will. The pad thai is spot on and the curries wonderful. The staff is also friendly and attentive. The only reason I don't go there more often is that it's not cheap (expect to pay about $20 per person including tips for just the main course).
3	Went here as a group of 15 for a friend's birthday dinner. Waiter service was prompt and efficient, nothing to complain about really; my only critique would be that we could only order drinks from one waiter, and had to wait until he came around to take our drink orders. Menu has a lot of choice, but I was a little disappointed with the portion sizes. I had decided to not take the Table d'Hote because I thought it would've been too much food, but in hindsight, because of the smaller portion sizes it would've done me just fine. I had the peanut butter dumplings to start (shared with Danny), and Pad Kana Namman Hoi as my entree. I also shared a plate of chicken fried rice with Danny, but were left still hungry at the end of our meal. Don't get me wrong, the food was very good, but the price for the portions we got left something to be desired. I would recommend this place, but would suggest taking the Table d'Hote  if you don't want to still be hungry after your meal.
5	One of my personal favourites!  Great selection & prompt service.  Excellent dining experience.  A must when you're in the mood for authentic thai cuisine!
2	- Made a reservation for Valentine's day based on positive reviews- Food was fresh and authentic- Service made the experience unbearable. We waited 30 minutes between each course and the bill. The total dining experience was 2:30hrs.- We were beginning to fall asleep at the table with the amount of time it was takingOVERALL: Food was good but didn't justify the wait. Won't be going back. Sorry!
5	A fantastic experience all around.  I found this restaurant to be charming, very prompt and courteous with service, and the food to be incredible.A very tasty Tom Yum soup was our starter along with a 3-item appetizer that was spectacular - wontons with peanut sauce was the highlight with a very good spring roll and chicken satay.  Had crispy chicken and shrimp with eggplant and peppers - both main dishes were very well executed.  Atmosphere was very good as we sat in the no-shoes seating area with the low tables and cushions.  Price was excellent, very reasonable for a 27-Zagat rated restaurant - about $60 for two people.Will definitely come back and have already told others to make a visit!
4	This place is one of those really great places to bring a large group to celebrate all of lives milestones while consuming large amounts of rice noodles, coconut curries and salad delights. It is very large, and service was a-ok for the group of ~15 that I went with. I ordered the green mango salad as a main (as I had decided that poutine + sangria directly after yoga and before such a meal was a very sound decision) and was really happy with the price/quality ratio. The salad was really delish - accented with mint and cilantro and lime (I think!) and topped with shrimp and was ~10$. Not bad! Also! Have you ever had thai iced tea?! Well I have not, but I tried my friend's and it tastes like a sauna in your mouth. For real... it is smoky in flavour and almost woody. Go there and try it and lemme know if you agree!
4	Their curries are as flavourful and delicious as curries are in Thailand (you can't go wrong with any of them)! Excellent Tom Yum and mango salad. Pad Thai was decent but was missing something I can't quite put my finger on. Meals are a touch expensive for what they are, but still tasty enough to warrant it on occasion. Skip dessert, it's kinda meh.
5	This is an unusual post because I used to  be a dishwasher, the only white guy in an otherwise all Thai staff, and it was amazing.   They would feed me at the start and end of my shifts.  I was vegetarian at the time and I have never eaten better than during my time there.  It was a mazingI don't have much experience in the dining room.  But I love their food.  I never really learned the names for the dishes either, but there were so many and the chef would always surprise me.
4	Great classy atmosphere, savory thai dishes that's made to impress, proper Thai spiciness that's retained in every dish.Boyfriend's brother recommended this place and we decided to come here as the first Thai restaurant experience in Montreal one night. I gotta say, I was a little skeptical when I walked in the place. Mostly because the ambiance is very nice and the restaurant is labeled as fine dining Asian cuisines. Though I enjoy nice ambiances, my best authentic Thai dining experiences (from the food perspective) always comes exclusively from hole-in-the-wall restaurants.The menu is in Thai with some descriptions in French/English, a great sign for authentic food. I ordered Pad Kimao (otherwise known as drunken noodle) and boyfriend ordered Pad Prik Khing (a chicken dish cooked with ginger and beans). Being a lover of spice foods, I asked them turn the spiciness for my Pad Kimao to the max. My Pad Kimao was sauteed to perfection, the scent of basil heightened the flavor of the dish; the spiciness from the chilli peppers was well placed and fully expressed; the chicken was thinly sliced, tender and flavorful, especially with a dash of garlic on top. What a beautiful and tasty dish! Boyfriend's Pad Prik Khing was also delicious, with rice on the side, the ginger and beans were sauteed with chicken in a spicy sauce, the flavor was even more pronounced.Overall, I was very pleased with the experience! It's more pricey than your normal Thai places, but the plating is beautiful, ambiance romantic and the food wonderfully tasty and authentic, well worth the price.
3	I have to say, despite all the glowing reviews I found this place to be totally mediocre. I love love love Thai food, so I was very excited to give it a shot. I had a fish Tom Yum Kha soup to start ($4.95), which was tiny and not very flavourful, except for being too sweet. For me the whole point of ordering that soup is the rich coconutty base, but alas, I couldn't taste the coconut at all.Next up was vegetable Pad Prik Khing ($12.95) which is is a kind of spicy (not really) thin red curry sauce. It was ok, but nothing special. The vegetables (only broccoli and cauliflower... really?) were a bit over cooked as well. The sticky rice was sticky rice, what can I say?That said, I'm hoping I just tried the wrong dishes this time and will try it again. The floor seating area looked too cozy to not check out another time!
5	I've been to this place a few times and have loved everything I ordered. In particular the papaya and mango salads are just divine! Its great that all their dishes can be ordered in any meat/ tofu option so there is a ton of choice... sometimes making it hard to decide. But whatever the decision, the food is always excellent. The service is friendly and helpful, and the owners are super nice. Once my friend's car got towed away while we were eating, and the owner drove us around in his car for 15 minutes till we found it. This is the best Thai food I have had in Montreal and I highly recommend it. The price is slightly more than other restaurants, but it is well worth it.
