5	My new go-to place for shooting!I've been going here ever since they opened up and I have to say that the shooting park is probably the best outdoor shooting range that I have ever been to. It's a huge sprawling 2,900 acre facility with separate ranges depending on what and how you like to shoot. They have a pistol/rifle range that goes all the way out to 200yrds. There also is a state-of-the-art shotgun specific facility for skeet/trap shooting. The park is still under construction I believe and they plan to add even more shooting facilities in the future.The prices to shoot are really cheap compared to other ranges in the valley. It's $7/day to shoot pistol/rifle, and $6 per round of skeet or trap. They also have a snack bar and shop available to purchase drinks, snacks and shooting accessories such as targets, eye/ear protection and cleaning supplies. The only thing I wish they had was place to purchase ammunition or even rent guns like most of the other ranges, but that is not that big of a deal breaker. There is a Walmart about 10 minutes away were you can stock up on ammo before you go (if they have the caliber you need!)The location is pretty remote from the rest of the valley unless you live in the north, and may not be worth a trip from other parts of the valley unless you plan on a full day of shooting activities and bring lots of ammo. Thankfully I live pretty close to it otherwise I might not visit as much as I do, which is about every other Sunday.All in all a great place to have fun shooting guns. I highly recommend it!
5	My favorite range to shoot at! Great price, who can argue with $7.00. The staff is professional and friendly. Beautiful view from the range and a nice field of purple barrel cacti. The atmosphere is relaxed and everyone seems to be having fun there. It's nice to see families and friends shooting together. They have tables, benches, and a sun cover over head. Check it out!
5	Love this place. Long streches of lanes.. When you want to get away from the strip and its only you, your weapon, other gun enthusiasts and the sweet smell of gun powder. Cheap too!
5	This place is the place to go for a great day out shooting your pistol, rifle, shotgun or even bow & arrow!Friendly staff & wow only $7 to shoot all day!  Bring lots of ammo cause you won't want to leave!I'm looking forward to bringing my new Taurus 9MM pistol and breaking in a few rounds next weekend!Very safe and why waste time shooting indoors?  Enjoy Las Vegas' great weather and shoot outside!
5	This was a great outdoor shooting range. All the way north on Decatur Blvd, not far from where we live. $7 per person for the whole day, just have to watch a short safety video. You can bring your own ammo and targets. Very friendly staff. Will definitely go back there.
5	Ahhhhhhhhh... I love the smell of Gun smoke in the afternoon!!!   I am still on a primitive HIGH from the sound, smell and feel of the shotgun in my hands!!  Went here today with my two favorite men and we had a blast blowing away clay pigeons practicing our Trap Shooting skills.  At $4 each a round of 25 on Thursdays it was a FANTASTIC BARGAIN & SO MUCH FLIPPIN' FUN!!  The range itself is HUGE and really well designed with individual booths for each shooting party.  Each booth has 5 stations and each round is 25 shots so that's 5 shots at each station.  There is a speaker at each station and the clay pigeons are released by voice activation.  Plus it doesn't hurt that the view is gorgeous!!  This was, by far, the best experience I have had at a shooting range.This is an AMAZING range with a superb staff!  Everyone is friendly, helpful, knowledgeable and professional.  I know this will be a regular outing for me and my fam.
5	I'm a first time gun owner, who bought my gun earlier this month.  I found that buying a gun was harder than buying a car.  So I finally got what I wanted...  A Springfield 4.5in 9mm XDM.  I now needed to fire it and wasn't sure if trying to shoot my gun at the range would be as unpleasant an experience as going to gun stores to find a gun.  Well, when I arrived to the shooting park, I finally was treated with some respect.  The employees there took the time to answer all of my questions and at no time were they pushy. (My experience at the Pistol range)You need to watch a safety video if it's your first time to the park, which takes less than 5 minutes.  They sell eye protection, ear protection and targets at a reasonable price.  They also sell snacks and drinks.  They only sell 22 cal ammo there. $7 for all day shooting.  Once you pay your fee, you go up to the range and hand the guy behind the wall your receipt.  They then assign you a table to go to.  When live fire is going on, you can be behind the red line, at your table and handling your gun.  You must keep the muzzle of the gun pointed down range at ALL times (loaded, unloaded, handled or not).  After 15 minutes of live fire, they call a cease fire (they give a 1 minute warning before hand) and you must empty your gun of all ammo and keep the action of the gun open and place on the table with the muzzle pointed down range.  You then need to be behind the yellow line.  After the workers declare the range safe, you may go forward of the red line.  Some important things to remember at this time.  When an all cleared is called, this is your time to go and adjust your target.  You can put up a new target, take your target down or place it at a different distance.  You also are not allowed to go back to your table, reload ammo or be between the red and yellow lines (you can be forward of the red or behind the yellow, but not between the red and yellow lines).  So do not leave your targets on the table if you want to put it up during the "all clear".  After everyone is off the range, they will announce when you can return to live fire.  There are a few other rules that they will explain when you get there, but they are very clear and easy to understand.  Either way, the staff there is very helpful and kind.  Couldn't ask for anything more.
5	I discovered this shooting park shortly after it opened when it appeared on the news. It's a bit of a drive if you don't live near the north of Vegas, but after one visit I was sold on this park and its had my loyalty ever since. For me, and I assume many other shooters, the appeal of this park is quite logical. 1) It is only $7 to shoot all day for each category of range: rifle, pistol, shotgun, archery. To be clear, that's $7 for pistol and $7 for rifle. At an indoor range like American Shooters, it's a more than twice as much at $15 for pistol and $20 for rifle. I'm not sure about the combination price if you want to do both rifle and pistol on the same day, but either way, the CC shooting park is cheaper.2) Other than tracers and other incendiary rounds, you can use all kinds of ammo at the CC shooting park. At an indoor range, cheap brands like steel encased Wolf ammo or law enforcement rounds like hollow points are prohibited because they damage the back wall of the range. If you are a Glock/AK fan and you typically use cheap ammo that your guns are designed for, it can be seen as a bit of a waste when you have to either buy more expensive ammo or bulk reloads for the indoor range.3) Indoor shooting ranges are typically small and limited in shooting lanes. My experience is that they can become quite congested at times, especially when tourist groups come in for the machine gun specials. The CC shooting park is massive and generally accommodating. The only congestion I've seen is during peak times on weekends, but even then the wait time isn't bad. I haven't experienced a long wait time yet, but even if there is, you can always go to one of the other ranges there, like shotgun or archery. 4) This is more personal, but I have a compensated firearm and I like to practice defensive shooting. This is a nice way of referring to competitive combat shooting techniques like double tapping or even triple tapping (2 to the chest, 1 to the head). Also, sometimes, I just wanna have fun and unload a whole mag into a target by rapid fire. This is completely okay to do at the CC shooting park. At an indoor range, it is highly prohibited. For the record, I have nothing against American Shooters. I've gone there for years because it was close to me and I appreciated the quality of staff and service. I'm just using it as a comparison for indoor vs. outdoor with the CC shooting park. Indoor ranges being what they are, are subject to many more policies than that of a public outdoor range like the CC shooting park.If you've ever had to call your indoor range ahead of time though, to make sure that there were open lanes that weren't taken up by tourist customers willing to spend much more than you to get business, then the CC shooting park is for you. A true haven for the local shooting enthusiast.
5	Great outdoor shooting range. You can shoot all day long for cheap as long as you have the ammo. Very organized, very safe, very clean, rapid fire is not frowned upon. Very helpful range officers for the kids or new shooters. Good times! Your 1st visit requires you to watch a short safety video and sign a safety waiver, Very quick and painless. Great place to shoot.
5	Not only is this range large, but it's a great place to go when you don't want to do the indoor shooting (cause it's damn loud).  For only $7 dollars you can grab a table and shoot as long as you want.  On weekends there is a wait of about an hour between 10am-3pm, but it's worth it.  Forget targets and safety gear?  Forget about it!  They have it in stock and REALLY CHEAP.  There's drinks and snacks available on site, too.
4	This was my first time going to this shooting range.  I really enjoyed myself.  There are a lot of benefits to coming to this range.  First of all, safety is very important here.  As with any shooting range, you have to follow safety rules but this has everything very organized.  Rules are repeated in between shooting sessions to make sure everyone is aware.  There are colored lines and during certain times you can only cross specific lines.  It makes everyone much more aware of their location and adds to the safety level.  Everyone who works there is helpful.  They'll help with shooting techniques for better shooting.  Everyone seemed ready and willing to offer help or answer questions. Not sure if this happens every weekend...but Dunkin Donuts was there.  My husband was happy because he got to go shooting and have a tasty treat!  LOL!Overall, we really enjoyed the day.  We went early in the morning to avoid getting too hot.  There is plenty of covered shade.  It's a nice change of scenery versus a regular indoor shooting range.  I can see us going back here...however, it's on the other side of the world from us!  Can someone tell them to build the same range on the South end of the Vegas Valley?!
5	I love love love this place. The staff is super cool and only $7.00 to shoot till you run out of ammo. I am sad that I will be moving further away from this place but I think it is still worth the drive. It feels better to shoot outdoors. They sell targets, safety gear, drinks, and snacks in the office area and there is the Guns and Grub cafe down the street. Every now and then there's a BBQ pit fired up.
5	This is really the best shooting range I have ever been to. The professionals that work here are really helpful and full of great info. If you like to shoot bring the family out. They have something for EVERY kind of shooter. Bring your own eye and ear protection. It is a requirement. I will be bringing my family and friends to this shooting park when they come into town.
5	So far, I've been here three times: 1 time for the archery range and 2 times for the gun range.Great place!  The people at the archery range are top notch.  Mr. Nelson definitely a professional in all aspects.The gun range is great as well!  The store employees are extremely friendly and helpful.  It is good that they sell targets, food and rent equipment.  The people on the range and shooting line are top notch as well.  Nothing but professional and (from what I see by watching other people) patient as well as safety oriented.I was nervous going to a range I was not familiar with but that quickly changed within 5 minutes of being here.A good price of $7 each and stay as long as you want.  I am a fan and I am hooked for sure!  Wife loves it too!  Great for groups as well.
5	I have waited 17 years for this place to open. When I first moved to Vegas, we had to take 4x4s to go shooting in the desert where The Ridges are now. I pretty much given up shooting till this place opened up.  Place is clean and very well run. Rangemasters are helpful and safety is taken to the extreme. On my first outing, I spent 5 hours here and had a blast!Time to buy more guns! :)
4	This place is great. Friendly staff, great classes, great prices all of that and yet still professional. We ARE dealing with guns here, so the level of professionalism is great. I wish I had more guns, I would shoot there more often!Heck with 'The Gun Store', come up here!!!
5	I haven't shot a gun in like 20 years and after coming here I feel the urge again! Too bad I don't live in Vegas, because this facility is very nice. There is a fee but don't know how much, my brother paid. If the money collected stays here then it's worth it.
3	This is probably the best range in Vegas, but that isn't too hard to accomplish.I don't want to bash it, it's a beautiful range, great facilities, dirt cheap to shoot, but it has a few issues.My gripes are: 1- It's outside, so you are open to the harsh Vegas weather, heat, wind, etc. 2- Sometimes the range masters don't think- and example is last time I was there shooting my pistols, they put a guy with an AR 15 right next to me and I kept getting showered with his ejected shells. 3- That brings up a design flaw that is there are no dividers between the shooting positions. It's all open, so you keep getting hit with ejected shells from others. 4- the shoot for 20 minutes, then break for 10 minutes to set targets etc. gets frustrating. I know there's no way around this system for the way the range is set up, it's just frustrating- lots of time wasted. 5- It's wayyyyy the hell out north. I live in Henderson and it's a long drive for me.It's not all bad though. Compared to the indoor ranges in town that are overrun with obnoxious tourists shooting full auto AK's at "zombie" targets and the trashed open range shooting spots in the desert full of yahoo's who have no idea what safe shooting means this range is pretty nice.
5	Best range I've been to, period. Excellent facilities, high regard for safety, cheap ammo  ($12.50 for a box of 9mm vs $14.99 in a place like walmart or bassproshop, also no tax!). Beautiful view of Vegas from this far up. Anyone complaining that it is far away, you don't know how good you got it in this town. Vegas is a small place anyway. Living in other states I'd have to drive sometimes over an hour to get to a different county that you could shoot in. As for anyone knocking that its outside... would you rather be inside?? With poor ventilation and extra noise? No. Didn't think so. I also liked how there are no dividers, watching some of the other people shoot their guns is fun in itself.Definitely check this place out. 5/5
5	I love the Clark County Shooting Range! The facilities are top notch, yet extremely affordable. There's a great view of Vegas from up there, as it sits at a slightly higher elevation. Everything is very well run and the rangemasters are very knowledgable and willing to take the time to help you if you need it. (Also the ammo is super cheap!)
5	I love this shooting range.  I love the fact that it is outside so its not as loud.  I love the fact that it seems like I have more time to shoot and its more social since you have cease fires. The only thing that I dont like is that you cant fire from your holster, they say its not safe.  Well how does a girl practice if I need to get my gun out fast.Anyways the staff is always so helpful to me, and I always try to go there once a every two weeks.
4	I would give the range 5 stars but couldn't because it is so far away from where I live. it's like driving to Reno for me. With gas prices so high it's hard for me to justify the nearly one hour drive when I can go to places that are closer to my house. That said it is an excellent facility. I used it to shoot my pistol. You need to bring your own eyes and ear or you will have to buy them there. They have ammo and targets to purchase. The overall facilty is huge but the gun range is also very large. On the two sides there must be at least 70 "lanes". I say that because there aren't dividers like at a typical indoor range.The staff was helpful and professional. They will make you watch a  short 4 minute video on safety. Afterwards they will give you a card so that you won't have to see it on your next visit. Range fees are only 7$.I do love that it's open air. I think this is unique in las vegas but I could be wrong. Being outside makes it much easier on the ears. The other nice thing is the facility is open until 7pm. They have lights for when it is dark. Overall it's an impressive place. Kudos to you if you live on the north side of town. If you are a southsider then you'll probably be shooting somewhere else.
5	An outdoor shooting park, right here in Vegas, or is it?  It's a long way out there, end of Decatur, north Clark county.  We always manage to get there early just as it opens, (7am) that ensures we get a good spot without too many shooters on either side of us.It's about $7 and you must have watched a one time video on the rules of the shooting park, then you get a card that you  must show each visit.  You can bring your own targets are purchase them.   They also have a few other miscellaneous items for sell, if you forget your ear or eye protection.The range is set up with hand guns on one side, riffles on the other, and target set ups for short or long term distance.  The staff is very focused on safety and you can enjoy 15 minutes of shooting with the breaks between based on how long it takes them to clear the range.You can collect your own brass if you want, they also have tables set up that you can pick through if you want.  We have enjoyed going regularly and would recommend this to anyone wanting to get off a few rounds.
5	OK well here we go ......*sigh*......*clearing throat*.....I frequent this range as often as I can it is maintained and has range officials of the highest standard.The only downfall is the drive to the range itself we live semi close but even for us its WAY out of the way.Also the price is 7 dollars per person and if you are a first time shooter at this range no matter your experience you have to watch a 5 minute video about the shooting range rules and regulations.Now to the meat of my experiences like I said before I come here often and it is an amazing range from the helpful staff to the range environment it is complete for all of your shooting needs. There are multiple ranges one 50 yard one 200 and a pistol range that varies from 5 yards to 25 yards.So they have a "firing time" of roughly 20 minutes of free shooting at your assigned table and 10 minutes off to reset all targets and to have a break. During the "cease fire" time you can not go to your firing table and touch anything due to the people down range and it is highly enforced.I recommend if you plan on going to go either in the morning or during a weekday because if the weather is nice expect to wait for a shooting table for up to two hours. They have a skeet range for all you skeet enthusiast. I have personally never been to that range but I have heard good things.
5	To be fair i have only gone here when I'm on vacation. My dad and I love to shoot skeet, he is in a church league that shoots here on Saturdays. They let me guest shoot, but my favorite is Thursday night cause its half price skeet!On my first time visit to the range i had to watch a video on range safety. Seems pointless, but a reminder is always nice. the lodge area is really clean and has an excellent staff. They do have gun rentals, classes for youth. tournaments, super clean restrooms, and even a cafe area. Just an awesome setup!The skeet range themselves are fantastic. The box's work properly, birds aren't broken but maybe one in 75, and its just clean. I can't get over how clean and nice this place looks.There are other parts to the range but i have never gone, Dad keeps saying that if they sell the house he wants to take the RV there and just hang out since the slot prices are very reasonable. Not sure how much mom would like being that close to the range, but hey there only a few miles down the road anyway.
5	I live about 2 miles away from the CCSP.   It's an incredible value at $7 for the pistol/rifle range.   Beautiful facility, friendly staff, affordable prices.  The only negative I can think of is that the facility is not finished!
4	The views from the top are stunning while at the Clark County Shooting Range.  Especially as the sun is setting and the lights come up.  You are up on the hill surrounded by scenic desert scape and looking down upon the entire valley.  You can see even the far reaches of Henderson well to the south from up there.  It is a gorgeous place to visit.  And it just so happens to come with thrill of shooting.  There is a shot gun (trap and skeet) center on the way up.  Your sporting clays are sent sailing with just the utterance of "pull."  You can rent shot guns there if you do not have one of your own.  Tough to beat.  On up the hill to the rifle and pistol center where the views are.  You have three maximum distance options to shoot including the longest of 200 yards for your riflemen and expert marksmen.  Plus there are distances closer for you to place your targets if you are newer to the sport or firing less powerful handguns/revolvers.  It is your choice where you want to place your target during a cease fire session.  These are safe and controlled breaks from the shooting that allow people to adjust and reset their targets.  During this time you are not allowed to touch or even go near your firearms.  It is closely supervised.  Upon the signal of "all clear," shooting begins again for a timed session during which time you are not allowed to cross the line towards your target.  You must stay back and wait.  Herein lies the real problem with this place.  It is so controlled that the freedom of shooting in an open place is hindered.  If you are done shooting and ready to go home, you cannot.  You have to pack up what you can then wait for the cease fire before collecting the target.  It makes for a slow experience.  With the low price, the safe and controlled nature of the park, and the views, the slowness is forgiven.
5	5 stars hands down. This place is exceptional.
5	This place truly is as good as it gets.  There isn't a shooting park in California that can compete with this place.  I shot trap here on Wednesday and it's $6 per round.  A buck cheaper per round than I pay now at home.  The safety video aside, everything went fairly smooth.  The park is huge and clean.  So clean you would think nobody shoots there.  Not a single shotshell hull on the ground.  No broken targets today from the launchers...kind of a surprise.  The range officer was showing too where their sporting clays area will be, he said 30 stations!  They also had 5-stand there.  What a complete shotgun shooting park!  Because of the drive time, I would recommend that when you go, make a full day it.  Take shotgun, handgun, rifle...whatever you have to make the drive worthwhile.  Regardless of how long the drive up Decatur is to get there, the shooting residents of Las Vegas do not know how good they really have it with their shooting park.  I will make this a regular part of my visits to the city.  On my next trip back I will try out the rifle range and report back on that.  Great job Clark County.
5	I can only review the shotgun range because we didn't visit the pistol ranges when we were there. This place is HUGE. They have 24 trap and skeet stations that span as far as you can see with plans to build 24 more. I was also told they are opening a sporting clay trail in November like the one at Desert Hills Shooting club. They also offer night time shooting until 10pm which is great when its hot! I also found the prices fair - $6 for 25 clays and a Thursday special for $4.
5	I've always had a fear of guns but after visiting this place a couple of times I have definitely found a new hobby in trap shooting. Unfortunately I only come to Vegas once a month so coming here is definitely a treat. It is worth the 35 minute drive from the strip if anyone needs a break from the craziness of the strip. There's nothing like this in San Diego where I come from. I wish we had something like this so I could practice more. The facilities are well maintained and prices are affordable. They have lots for camping, bbq-ing, and a fairly priced canteen area. For 6 people and two shot guns with 50 rounds each, we spent about $120. The system is well organized and the employees are very helpful-- especially for a newbie, girl like me. I'm a bigger fan of shotgun shooting versus pistol/rifle. The leagues and other competitive activities they have available are great. My boyfriend joined a weekend league and enjoys it very much.I make it a point to come here when I'm in town. I have yet to experience a wait for  a range here but I'm sure as word spreads this place will become a lot more popular. Note-- when I visit there is usually a steady stream of customers in line so you'll probably have to wait 5-10 minutes for service.Definitely looking forward to trying archery next time!
5	We had an amazing experience shooting one round of trap and one round of skeet.  I am new to the sport of shotgun shooting.  The young man Blake; who helped us during our rounds was very friendly.  I was impressed by his knowledge and willingness to teach and help us learn to shoot.  His politeness made our experience as good as it gets and ensured that we will return for more practice.
5	This place is awesome, the first time i wanted to shoot "trap" and Skeet" I had no idea what I was doing.  I range officer showed me how to do it, and worked with me.  Deff a great experiance. Clay pigdeons were priced well. I go here all the time, and always have a great time.  Weather I needed help, or just came to fire off some rounds, always good fun.
5	My shooting hobby is now something that I can enjoy more because of the facilities here.  I am a new owner of a shotgun, and this is a great place to learn.  My handgun skills are getting better, too. This is because this place is top notch in the facilities, the ranges themselves, and the safety.  The safety rules are strictly enforced, and it makes for very pleasant shooting times!This is also very close to my home, but still feels as if it is way out in the country.  It's located on 3000 acres, and the handgun/rifle range backs up on open land with large berms to catch the bullets.  They also offer skeet, trap, and archery ranges, too.I can't imagine anyone giving this less than five stars because of the facilities, the events/leagues, training, stores, and once again, the highest attention to safety for everyone. Five-star, best rating.
5	I love this shooting range and I'm afraid of guns but this place is great. Give it a try you won't be sorry.
5	The range is clean, well organized, and professional. I took my friends out there and we fired 400 rounds from our Rueger. This would be a great place for anyone from beginners to advance shooters. As a bonus, there's also an excellent backdrop to the rifle range!
5	This is my second home. Clean and they keep tabs on the idiots. Just remember some of the range officials are volunteers so try not to give them crap they are keeping the range fees down.
5	We have only been shooting in the desert before so we decided to check it out.  It was easy to watch the quick video and get set up at the shotgun range.  We decided to shoot trap as they said it would be the easiest for us beginners.  We shot 2 rounds of trap for $50.00 for 4 people.  We came with 2 shotguns so we did not need to rent any.  The Fire Safety Officer in our lane (Jim) was such a great help to me.  Being a new woman to shooting I needed a few pointers which he offered in a very positive way.   This also seems to be a good place to bring a family.  I would not recommend it to children under 6 years as they will need to sit and stay in safe areas which could be boring for younger kids.  We will be trying the pistol range next time.
5	This shooting range is a must go to when you are in vegas if you are a gun owner! Being Vegas, they allow you to shoot any rifles, pistols, ars and etc! Ammos are also not a problem!! They got two sides for you; one for pistols and the other one for rifles which is awesome cause the rifle side it's farther distances for the targets! Come prepared for alot of walking back and forth cause you need to manually change out your target sheets. They have a cooling period which all people are ordered to cease fire and not go near the table so that new shooters and people who need to change their target can have a chance to change it. They have several people who are the range masters who can help you out just in case you need help. :-D they also got go-carts to get your ass if you are on the rifle side just cause your ass walks too slow there and back which holds up other people hehe. Make sure you are well equipped before coming here as you will need all that you can. The prices are decent and you can practically spend the whole day or half day here for the same price. I love this shooting range and it's not crazily pricy as the indoor shooting range where they go by the hour just because you bring your own gun. But over all it's worth it! Plus you get to walk off whatever you ate in Vegas XD admit it we all need to exercise so why not do it when we are enjoying ourselves!
5	i only have been shooting once ....haha..this place was so much fun.The staff was very helpful, very nice..Must try!! ... Reasonable price!!Even the guys from "pawn stars"   were  here! :)
4	I shoot at this place on weekend and I love it. If I want to do my tactical skill I shoot at the desert that I can't to at the shooting range.
5	If you like ranges, this one is a must see!   Highly reccomnded!
5	All day shooting for $7, can't beat it. They provide the target stands and have holes with in the ground for you to place them, which is nice. Overall a great place to shoot.
5	Went there for first time today. Great place. Only negative is that there was a guy next to us that was shooting a canon. Would be nice if the canon shooters could be in their own area.
5	This is a world class shooting range. I have never been to such a big and diverse range. They offer seperate areas for Shotguns and Skeet, Pistols and Rifles and even Archery! They only charge $7 for the day and with the great facilities, friendly staff and awesome views of Las Vegas I would have paid double that.
4	Great Facility!They have a number of different areas....Shotgun complex with what seems like endless trap/skeet stations... plus an area for 5-stand.  This area is lighted so the nights that it is open... it is super light out.... It's actually nicer to shoot at night because you don't have the sun beating down on you broiling you to death.Shotgun course... like a golf course where you take a golf cart out ... offers something different from station to station.  (I've not tried this one yet but my gf's husband has and he said it's awesome.  So, will have to plan a trip to do this specifically... but I don't know if it's open at night... I don't think so.)A rifle/pistol range... this area has 2 different areas... one side is open to the public and the other is a bit further down and is for private functions.  Both have covered areas so that if you go during the day you won't get too cooked.  The target stands have a few different distance options so that's good if you are looking to improve your accuracy at specific distances.  An archery range... I haven't tried archery yet... but I will one day.As a local, I like to go during the week when they are open at night.  Less crowded and calmer.The weekends can get crowded and crazy... not my cup of tea.You can rent shotguns (12 gauge and 20 gauge) at the shotgun complex and 22 pistols at the pistol range.If you're looking for a class and/or instruction, contact them and they will let you know who or when something is available.  Plus they post to their web site.Before being allowed on any of the courses, you must watch a safety video for each course that you plan to use.  So... for your first visit... allow like 20 extra minutes for paperwork and the video.  The service is great.....  Really nice folks in there. They don't have a restaurant up there... but they do have vending machines.  I suggest eating before you get there and bring a bottle of water with you.  Entire facility is clean and well kept.Location... out in Utah as I call it... Take Decatur and head north... and keep heading north and then head north some more.  It will eventually end at the shooting complex.
5	I am giving this place five stars because the staff is absolutely terrific.  Our group came here for a bachelor party so we had a loose collection of gun owners and newbies.  They made sure all of us were comfortable with gun safety, general operation of firearms, and the amenities offered by their facility.  They showed the newbies a short and to the point video outlining safety and we were on our way literally minutes after filling out  the paperwork.  We opted only for clay shooting with overunders.  We did fifty clays a person, which came out to fifty bucks (including eyes, ears, and gun rental) which is incredibly reasonable.  They even threw in three golf carts on the house for us to navigate the clays course.  Now to the fun part!  The clay course is immaculate.  All the clay machines were maintained well and launched very consistently.  They were all operated by electronic key, and they even gave us a few extra clays on our keycard to account for any user error.  Each station had a different layout, which continued to challenge us and kept the whole few hours incredibly fun.  Do yourself a favor and come here ASAP.  I'm really happy with the experience offered here in terms of price, course, and service.
5	I love this facility despite it being a little far out of town. They have an excellent pistol range up to 50 yards and 30 lanes. The rifle range has just as many lanes but twice the distance at 100 yards. It is always staffed well and well maintained. The shotgun range offers a full 25 station skeet shooting area and they have a separate area for archery.
5	This is a great place to go and shoot.  They have a section for handguns/rifles, skeet, and archery.  There are a ton of lanes in each section to accomodate a lot of people and with enough room so you don't feel cramped.  They have target slots from 3 feet out to 100 feet, so you are bound to find your sweet spot somewhere in that range.It is well staffed and the people on the range will help you with any questions you may have, including checking out your shooting stance.  I know this because I was doing it all wrong with my new handgun and a nice gentleman working there helped me correct my stance and hand position on my gun, which resulted in me getting better and my target being destroyed by my newly discovered shooting prowess!  Rambo watch out!  I think it may have helped my husband shooting as well.  The also offer ammo and targets, in case you forgot yours, and snacks if you get the munchies on the range.  They even have pretty targets in case you aren't into boring grid ones.  I tried to get my husband to get a flower target, but alas, I lost that battle.The place makes you feel safe too.  The people on the range watch out for everyone and make sure everyone is behaving and are doing what they are supposed too.  They are quite strict with the rules and will fuss at you if you do anything wrong, but you know it is just to keep everyone safe.  The rules aren't really too bad since you are surrounded by hundreds of people who are ARMED to the teeth! And for you reloaders out there, you can collect a ton of brass for pennies on the dollar, if you are interested in that sort of thing.  The park has a big table covered in brass just waiting for you to pick through it and get the caliber you want to work with.  It is on the way out, so you don't even have to lug it with you to the range.Shooting is a new hobby of ours and the CCSP really makes it fun to go out and shoot stuff up.
5	Awesome place to enjoy shooting your guns I love it ;)
1	I decided to visit this range to sight in one of my rifles and test out one I had recently purchased. I had also brought along an assortment of handguns. I am fairly experienced, train avidly and practice weekly on both rifle and handgun. There were several issues I had with the professionalism, courtesy and safety of the staff.My first impressions of this range was that it was highly organized and I assumed that the staff would be highly trained. This quickly changed from the moment I reached cashier counter. The cashier gave at best, poor instruction and guidance as to where to go and what to expect. The cashier staff referred us to the video that replays continuously in another room(you are required to watch this video which discusses safe range conduct and procedures, some of which the range staff fail to follow.) When on the range, I was met by several range staff members, each one asking to check my firearms. I initially allowed the staff to check my firearms and handle them upon request. The staff took this as the go ahead to handle my firearms as they please during cease fire intervals. One staff member mishandled one of the 3 Glocks I had brought and dropped it on the concrete slab/table. I witnessed the range staff standing in front of the firing line before checking firearms and making sure all had ceased fire. This is a mishap on the verge of fruition and would not fly at ANY other range.The range staff approached me several times to give me their input on various subjects. What I learned from this was that each staff member has their own spin on safety, rules and shooting. They feel that they are "cool" working at a gun range and it gives them a feeling of power. They believe they are exempt from safety and experts despite an obvious lack of training. They also do not mind mishandling several thousands of dollars in firearms.    I frequent Front Sight as well as many ranges in Henderson/Las Vegas. I respect each of these facilities for their professionalism, safety and expertise. I have no respect whatsoever for how the staff at Clark County Shooting Range conduct themselves. My advise...pass on the $7 range fee, find a reputable range and pay the slightly higher range fees. You will benefit from a healthier training environment and a more competent staff.
5	Simple the very best range in America.  Superb facility. Cheap. Great view. Night shooting. Suoer super friendly staff.  Best part for me: As a public and not prvate owned range it is completely free of fringe right wing propaganda.  Great place.
5	Hands down the best outdoor range in Nevada. Sure beats all those tourist trap gun ranges in and near the Vegas strip by far. For only $7 a person all day in the small arms range, you really can't beat that price. I like coming here with friends semi-regularly to get some fresh air and a view of the outstanding valley scenery and get away from all the hectic Vegas strip life. It really does just melt the stress away.It can get quite windy here at times so make sure to use lots of tape for your targets, and I also suggest you bring your own firearms and ammo. They do rent out guns and sell ammo though as well. They also lend out hearing protection and eye protection if you don't have your own for a small $ fee. Also don't come with sandals or anything that exposes your feet as hot brass from ejected shells will start hurting. This advice really pertains to all gun ranges actually for that matter.They have great staff here and they are all helpful and professional. Make sure if you are not familiar with this range to follow the RSO (range safety officers) directions and commands as they can and will bitch you out if you make careless judgements. Firearms are not toys and are very dangerous if the person handling them doesn't know what they are doing. Part of the reason why I don't like going to the "tourist" trap gun ranges in the strip. They treat everyone like drunk clueless children in those places, and I've literally seen drunk intoxicated tourists allowed to fire guns there. It's a total mess and a joke.So if you like the outdoors, a good view, and like guns, this is the place to go!
5	One of the nicest outdoor ranges I've been to and probably the best rifle range in town. Their public range has a side for rifle and pistol, all for $7 a day! It does get a little crowded on the weekends when I usually swing by so be prepared to wait in line. Plentiful range safety officers and fellow gun owners are always talking guns with those around them, which makes this an easy going environment despite constant gunfire going off around you. They also have a pro shop that sells ammo, drinks, snacks, safety equipment, etc at reasonable prices. You can also rent firearms, safety equipment, rangefinders and similar equipment. They also have archery, skeet/trap, and competitive ranges but I have yet to check those out. If you're coming with a class or a large group, they have private ranges that can also be rented out and they're just as nice, just away from the crowd of the public range.
4	Price went up from $7 to $9. And I still continue to go here to shoot, I just like it here. Very nice shooting range.
5	Every shooter should go here,  I doubt there is a better outdoor range in the USA.
5	$9 for adults. Day I went was able to get off a few rounds but ended up closing due to wind. Staff covered the costs with weather coupon also covered cost of ammo and gun that I got for my son to shoot as well.Staff was very friendly and professional.
4	This place looks amazing. How did I not know it existed?Just wish their prices were a bit better, but the range facilities themselves are great.
5	This place is an oasis in the desert!  I live in Henderson and made the trip to the range a few weeks back on a Thursday.  I pretty much had the handgun range to myself.  Because of this, they let me shoot on two lanes which allowed me to set up different distances.  This place is all about safety which I greatly appreciate!  I was surprised to read online recently that The Clark County Shooting Range may face closure due to revenue issues.  This is the biggest reason I am posting this revue. The only reason I found out about this range was through a conversation I had with a woman I met in Washington, DC.  She was there lobbying for the Safari Club. Once she found out where I was from she asked me if I had been to the Clark County Shooting Range.  I said I had never heard of it, which somewhat surprised her.  And, now that I have been to the range, I can see why she was surprised.  This place is a one of a kind! I don't understand why they don't advertise more?  I have never seen an ad in my local paper, nor have I seen an ad on TV.  In the article I recently read on this range one recommendation was to open a restaurant on the property.  I can imagine the view of The Strip is amazing at night?  How about busing tourists to the site to shoot a machine gun and enjoy a sunset dinner?  Just some ideas because I think it would be ashamed for The Clark County Shooting Range to close.
5	As a local who is lucky enough to live only 5 minutes away in Centennial Hills; my son & I are regulars at the Clark County Shooting Range. The scene day or eve cannot be beat. It is exceptionally well run and the range officers are helpful, careful and knowledgeable.  We bring our own guns and shoot mainly handguns but there are times we want to rip off some rounds with our AR or  30.06. CCSR has facilities for all types of shooting. Shooting trap is awesome and we enjoy competing with each other. Our home defense shotgun is no competition for a true trap shooting shotgun. I highly recommend this range. The fees of $9 a day; the great location; the top-shelf staff and the multiple shooting settings make CCSR the only place in southern Nevada to shoot!
4	Such a peaceful place to shoot.  It's beautiful there.  Went for the first time with the hubby on a Friday and paid $9 per person.  We had to watch a safety video for about 8 minutes and then off we went to our assigned table.  The staff and RSOs were super friendly and graciously helped with our questions.  I loved how they emphasize safety!  The only thing that did bug me was a worker that had a huge voice.  I can hear him loud and clearly over my EPs.  He scared me.  Other than that, awesome.
4	This place is worth going to once in a while.  I love that there is plenty of lanes at the pistol / rifle range.  What I do not like is the variety of "service" you get here. I seem to get excellent service with my wonderful wife with me.  When I go by myself, it seems they're not as friendly.   I don't blame them though! ;)The range officers and those that work at the counter are nice.  I like the fact that they're open until 10pm on Wednesdays.  I do wish they were open much later during the summer.The shotgun range is a nice place as well.  They are friendly and when I went with a group of people from work we had a good time and the range officer was professional and friendly.Targets and ammo are sold in case you forget something.Only thing to really look out for are those people who don't know what they're doing.  I was actually swept a few times during a visit.  I tried to be friendly about it and help the group out but then I left because I didn't want to deal with it, they didn't want to listen.
5	Facility: A+Employee: A+Range Officer: A+Other than going into the deep desert to shoot, this place is best outdoor range in Las Vegas. Price: about 7.00 or 8.00 for all day. You can not beat that price. Safety is paramount at CC shooting range. Protocols. Rules. All meant to keep you safe.Going into the desert to shoot...well..there's no structure or organization. People just blast away. You could die out there....and no one would know about... Yup.. it's true.You can buy food, ammo, and targets here. CLEAN Restroom. Wow.  Did not smell like urine... Paper towels/soap..available.You dont want to eat with lead residue on your hand, do you? Wash it!Highly recommend this place.
5	Clark County Shooting Park is a great facility.  I had no idea and I live in the northwest.  Just starting going up there last month and I will keep going (weather permitting).  Staff are very helpful, friendly and knowledgeable.  Check it out.  Just took an all day class with 5 Arrows tactical and it was great.  The sunset and city light from up there are amazing too!!  Mitch even cleaned my gun for me which is above and beyond.  Thank you so much.CB
5	If you're  staying on the strip, this place is way in the hell out here, but you'll be glad you made the trek.. while its a cool gimmick to go and shoot machine guns, you'll blow through about $150 in 10 minutes at those gun rooms on the strip, come here and for the low price of $7 you can stay all day. The original plan was to shoot some arrows, then maybe do the clay pigeon thing, problem is, although it was sunny out it was cold as a pimps heart on the day we went so we were all anxious to get back in the van after shooting for a bit on their archery range. The staff that helped us were extremely polite and helpful even telling us where to stand when we weren't shooting so that we wouldn't get the wind blowing on us.. these guys were cool. It was a nice change from most of the same shit you see on the strip. If you're ever in Vegas, make your way out here for a day of fun. Try and do it in the summer though so you don't freeze like we did
5	Perfect day for target practice with the pistol. Sure beats an indoor range when the weather is cooperating. Today it was perfect barely even a breeze. Friendly staffers very cheap and you can buy ammo there if you don't have your own. Its a bit  of a drive unless you live in Aliante but definitely worth it!
5	Our company were hosting our shooting event over pistol and rifle center. The facility is well-maintained and modern. As the semi-pro shooter, this is where you want to enjoy shooting at. The price is very fair. All their employee are very friendly and helpful. It makes our event over there successful.The location is about 30 minutes from the strip but it's easy driving. in my opinion, it's better than any indoor range in Las Vegas.
5	If you like guns, and you like gambling, Vegas can handle both vices.  This place is a gun lovers oasis in the desert.  It is simply a massive county-run compound specific to shooting sports using state-owned land graciously donated for this purpose.  I'm not from Nevada but wanted to get my NV concealed carry permit since my home state doesn't have reciprocity with Nevada, so I signed up for a class that the instructor holds at this facility.First, a word to the wise, this place is a long way out in the middle of nowhere, so if you're staying on the strip and trying to make it there in time, give yourself a few minutes extra, and don't speed, because there are several places along the way in long seemingly barren areas that police set up speed traps.  I got a ticket at 7:30am on a Sunday morning trying to make it to my CCW class.In any case, this facility has something for all kinds of shooters; archery, pistol, rifle, short range, long range, bench rests, targets, trap, skeet, etc.  It's also very safety conscious; not like some outdoor ranges where just pointing your muzzle downrange is good enough for the range officer.  There are also full classrooms available with A/V systems for rent, as well as meeting facilities if you want to have a corporate or special event here.I only experienced the pistol range but my understanding is that the rifle ranges include several options and one goes out to quite extreme distances of 1000 yards or more.Just remember that if you're a visitor, you need to be very familiar with the laws of the state, counties and cities that you go to because Nevada has a lot of overlapping legislation, some of it in active dispute, that could get you in trouble depending on who you encounter and what they believe the law to be at that point in time.  For example, Nevada open carry doesn't mean everywhere, and Nevada concealed carry also doesn't mean everywhere, at least from some police officers' perspectives; it's supposedly legal to carry concealed in Vegas but you'll get arrested anyway if you're caught doing it, typically for something along the lines of disturbing the peace, public nuisance, etc.  So just be aware of what is and is not legal, as well as, what is or is not tolerated in and around Nevada so you can avoid having your trip ruined.
5	Great park for shooting on any day of the week. They have shotgun and hand gun ranges both so it caters to any desire. Located on the outskirts of town it's a bit of a drive but very well worth it! Love the sporting clay range as well as the five stand challenge at the shotgun range. A truly hidden gem in Vegas!
5	AWESOME place and great value. The staff working here is EXCELLENT as well.
5	This is a top notch shooting complex, one of the nicest I've ever seen. Employees are friendly and prices are reasonable a must see for shooting enthusiasts.
1	My wife and I have been to CCSC many times.  It is well maintained,  safe and well run. However,  since falling on financial dire straights,  they seem to have set their sights on hand loaders. We are now the enemy. Last couple of times we were there they gave me greif for collecting MY brass.  They were watching us like hawks. I used to defend the RSO's to all those that would disparage them since I never had a problem with them.  NO MORE. In fact, I chose to not spend my money there.  I certainly don't mind shooting in the desert.  Desert Sportsman's Rifle and Pistol Club is another possibility. If you don't care about YOUR possessions (you paid for it,  it's your brass), be my guest, go there.As for us,  NO MORE.
2	The staff is generally helpful but the range is limited.  The rifle side of the range stops at 200 yards with only a few benches that are usually full.  There are a lot of lanes to shoot pistols from and the targets are easy to work with while being well constructed.  Safety is top notch but can be over bearing for sure however, that is understandable at a county range.  Like any range, many of the range masters are retired military and will talk ad nauseam if you let them.
5	One of the biggest shooting complexes I have shot at bay far. Has a very professional and knowledgable staff as well as a well maintained range(s). It's
5	What an amazing place.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  I will visit as often as I can.  A little ways out, but worth the drive.
5	Friendly, knowledgeable & helpful staff. Safe overall outdoor shooting range.
5	This is probably the nicest outdoor shooting range.  The people here are really friendly.  The weekend can get pretty crowded, but during the week is great.  They have 25 to 200 yard ranges.  I only wish they offered memberships, but $9 a person is not bad at all.  Target stands and tape are supplied.  You can't really beat that.
5	1. Night shooting available on Wednesdays and Thursdays2. If you see a cameraman out there, add Clark County Shooting Complex on Facebook to see your professional photos3. No, there's no alcohol allowed.4. The staff is fabulous with beginners. They do not mind taking the time to teach newbies 1-on-1. One guy even set the discs for me so they'd fly up straight instead of at random. It was a generous offer and it allowed me to hit so many and make me feel good about my skill level. 5. Good vibes. I was expecting a bunch of judging, competitive hicks, but I was wrong. It is a very supportive environment from a wide range of demographics. I even saw a lot of children shooting.
1	I probably won't go again.Staff was ridiculously unprofessional and rude.  I went with a buddy and we caught the last one of the day. We had gotten targets and started setting up at the time we were allowed. They told us we'd have 10 minutes to finish our targets, more like 2. We got finished with one target and didn't even get to put it out before they called it and went live. I yelled out to the "range master" to hold on let us finish. You know what he told me? "Oh she's already started to call it we can't tell her to stop" really?  You really can't? I'm going to call bullshit my friend. Why can't I put my target out? It's not like there was a hundred people waiting to shoot, there was at most 12 including us. We were almost done with them all we had to do was walk out and set them down. That's all. They told us to just shoot out at the Berm. Really shoot at the berm huh? Alright there Cap'n. Then he proceeded to tell us that we need to make sure they know we need more time. I was under the impression that I wasn't transparent and that setting up our targets which are 5x5 feet, that's not noticeable. Also I was given free passes for next time, that's cool, can you give me a full refund for the targets? Or the 10 minute video I watched  to allow me to shoot at a big berm. Thanks guys, that was truly terrible.Anybody want two free passes to the range?
4	As far as you can go towards the north on Decatur.  You get to the base of the mountain with a killer view of the city. This is the setting for a government funded complex specifically made for citizens to exercise your 2cnd Amendment rights.  Professionality and safety seem to be top priority.  There are official rules that are carefully watchdogged to ensure accidents can be avoided.  Before anyone can shoot for the first time you are required to view a short film that displays the safety rules.  After which you can pay for the days worth of shooting and buy some paper targets at about 7$ tops.  Make sure to have proper safety headgear such as glasses (sun or other) for eye protection and earplugs or muffs for ear protection.  They sell some there if you forget to bring some though.  This is the perfect place for beginner gun owners.The park includes 3 areas to separate the rifle& handgun shooters from the shotgunners and the third area designated for archers.  Each section has scheduled firing times of about 10 minutes of open fire towards personally dedicated and numbered booths & targets.  Then they call a ceasefire where everyone lays down their firearms unloaded and adjusts their targets when everyone is clear.  You can adjust the distance of your targets marginally to about 100 feet in 5 foot increments.  Fair enough for novice riflemen but not as far as a skilled sniper would wish.  You get assigned a table number, on the tables are an adjustable rifle aiming block and a seat.  Up to two can be assigned a table.  Minors will need to share tables with an adult.In the rifle range the targets go out to 100 feet and there are many safety inspectors there to assist with any questions and to make sure your buddy next to you doesn't accidentally blow your head off being negligent.  When it comes to firearms I am not so much an Anarcho-primitivist when it comes to rules and regulations.  Guns are not toys to play cowboys & Indians with.  People can get hurt or worse!  So I really do appreciate that the staff takes the rules very seriously here.  At the Shotgun range you have many options from skeet skeet skeet, clay pigeons buckshot to slug.  I haven't tried the archery range but it looks cool.  Overall I find this to be the most secure place to fire off a few rounds and wind down.  Ahh, nothing like the feeling of blasting off a few hundred rounds and going home with a feeling of physical satisfaction.  Or shoulder bruises, of course.
5	Love the facility!!  Here with ADAPT!  Great tactical information.  I've been "shooting" for years; I've learned more today than in all my previous years combined.  Amazing information and hands on application!!  I can't wait for my next session!!Thanks ADAPT!!!
5	Went on a weekday,plenty of tables available. Very user friendly, staff was very helpful and courteous, after a couple times through the live fire/ cease fire process it was a breeze. Will be making this a habit! Tip of the day,use more tape on the targets,tends to get a little windy up there.
5	God send for the recreation shooter.  Lay out is good, refreshments, selection of targets are ample and affordable located in the club house.   Target stands and tape are provided.  Overall,  I find it always a good experience.
4	At 9 dollars per person, Clark County's outdoor shooting park is good place if you want to "unload" some stress and shoot some targets. The facility is very well maintained and offers areas for rifle, pistol, shotgun/skeet, as well as archery. The price for the rifle/pistol range is more than reasonable and the store offers firearm rentals, targets, eye/ear protection, ammo, and most everything you may need for your shooting hearts desire. The rifle range offers up to 100 yard distances for precision shooters. Tables and stands are provided and bays are very clean. Place is great for zeroing a new rifle and practicing your marksmanship. That being said, the place has more rules than most other shooting ranges. New timers must first obtain their yellow pass to shoot by first watching the instructional and introductory video to ccsp. Rso's are always observant about range safety and are quick to enforce range rules. However they also offer tips and tricks to new shooters and are available should you have any questions with your firearm. Place does get busy during the weekend or at peak hours. Also as a tip, you should know and be very familiar with how to clear and safety check your weapon before coming here.
4	Pretty good facility. They have a total of 24 trap houses- wow! And full hookup RV pads facing the houses so you would be shooting targets in no time. Service is great and the staffs are very friendly. I will definitely be back for another match and maybe use their RV pad next time we go back to LV. Have fun both in LV and Trap, my kind of day!
5	It was my first time to shoot a gun. The shooting range staff was really helpful and friendly to get me up to speed on instructions and safety. I was shooting rounds with ing fifteen minutes. Range prices, gun rentals and ammo were very very reasonable. Facilities are first class. I don't think it gets any better.
