5	This place is awesome!!
5	After going to nearly 10 optometrists to find new glasses, I was beginning to despair I might never find one in Las Vegas that offered the same level of service as my old East Coast optometrist.  Then I walked into the Optic Gallery at Anne and Centennial Pkwy!The store is spacious and well organized with a wide variety of frames at many price points.  I was immediately greeted in a friendly way (which cannot be said of most of the other places I tried) and then, within a minute or two, offered personal assistance from Jessica, who actually seemed to care that I purchase the frames that were right for me.  She guided me to the best styles for my face and helped me try on several varieties, offering her honest and helpful opinion along the way.  She helped me find a pair of frames that I hadn't even considered before, and I was extremely happy with my choice.Of course, I decided I wanted to special order a different color from what was in stock, which wasn't a problem until it turned out they were on back order from the manufacturer.  But no problem, Jessica found a sales rep who hand-delivered the frames--no waiting at all!  That's fantastic service!The prices at this location are a little higher than at other area stores, so I wouldn't recommend this location if you are looking for a bargain (stick to the BOGO offers at the mall stores in that case).  However, given the level of service and obvious attention placed on customers, I highly recommend Optic Gallery at Anne and Centennial Pkwy.
5	I went here to update my prescription and this place is really solid; it's not too crowded and the staff is really friendly. the wait as a walk-in is kinda long so I suggest making an appointment. they take many insurances!I also have astigmatism and my colored contacts came in right away, not even a week later! I love getting new stuff and I'm excited to come in next month and get new glasses!!!//UPDATE: I got new glasses here at 2pm on a weekday during holiday break! it wasn't crowded, and picking out a frame and paying only took a short 25 minutes!! They are really professional and really try to go as fast as possible! Contacts and glasses are pretty cheap here compared to a lot of other offices I used to buy from!
5	Dr.Radtke is very thorough with her exams. By far, with all the optometrists I have seen she has to be the best. Making decisions with my eye care is so much easier with her because of the amount of information she gives. This office offers a variety of different cool and modern frames. I did not want to trust my daughters eye care with anyone else but I was worried that they would not have a big selection of children's frames. Highly mistaken they have a really awesome collection for kids in fact we were torn between 6 different frames.
1	Me and my husband went to this place to get him new eyeglasses. After reading these yelp reviews I thought we were lucky living so close to the place. When we entered none of the staff even noticed us because they were really busy gossiping very loudly. Finally after my husband's vision check up was done, we were told that his new eyeglasses will be ready in a week, but will will get a call first. .Then they charged us twice more than our previous vision center for the exact same glasses options.  A week later we get no call, but after 9 days they finally called. So we came to get his glasses and my husband noticed a smudge that couldn't be cleaned.....the lady told us she couldn't see anything (of course)...but after looking at it for 10 minutes she finally noticed it .... Instead of apologizing she said that it's weird and it will take additional week to replace the order. BUT this time it took 2 weeks!!! Overall, we paid double and waited for 3 weeks to get the glasses ...Terrible experience.
5	Dr. Wang rocks!! He was professional, caring, educated and took his time to talk to me in regards to my eye problem--clogged ducts.
5	I found this place via the ZocDoc website (yes, it's awesome and you should use it if you're looking for any type of doctor) and made my appointment online after checking it out on YELP.  I wanted a Saturday appointment and this office fit the bill. Upon arrival, I was greeted promptly and I filled out all my new patient paperwork.  I was immediately escorted back to start the exam. The Doctor's assistant completed my initial tests and then Dr. Hartman completed my exam. I was impressed with how friendly and down to earth Dr. Hartman was. He completed my exam and I ended up needing glasses for night driving due to a slight astigmatism (bummer). I have never needed glasses my entire life. This was an entirely new experience for me! I was whisked away from my exam to pick out some frames. I looked around and noticed that the office was nicely appointed with a modern waiting area and plenty of designer frames to choose from. The assistant I worked with was very helpful! She was very patient in walking me through my insurance co-pays and explained what was covered/ what wasn't covered. She also helped me pick out some cute frames and gave me truthful advice on what frames looked good/ what frames didn't look good. I picked out a pair and now I'm waiting for them to arrive (quoted 5-7 business days). I was very pleased with my experience at this office and would definitely recommend Dr. Hartman and Optic Gallery to others. My appointment was a breeze in all aspects. They were extremely friendly, welcoming, and knowledgeable. They have everything you want in an Optometrist office!
1	Hartman and his staff are FRAUDS. I don't understand how they charge double then other eye doctors. Then they go and charge both mine and my spouse VSP insurance. When we specifically said charge only one. The worst experience ever. I don't understand how this place has such high reviews. It does not deserve it..
