2	You know the Ross commercials that go something like "I got it at Ross..."  I wish. I have not found a single thing of use at this store. I'm always greeted by a security guard (not always the most qualified-looking individuals...), and I feel like a criminal as I roam the sparse racks with a shopping cart with a vertical five foot pole attached. It's like I'm in kindergarden and the teacher needs to see my every move. Every garment seems to be ill-fitting, polyester and/or flawed.  If I do find something, I feel like I need to wash it prior to wear.  Sometimes you can find some decent odds and ends:  home wares, linens, socks, scarves, toys...yet, the search for them is time consuming and often disappointing. I prefer Target. Or TJ Maxx. Or if I'm feeling trendy, H&M.
5	I have been to a great many Ross store-- and I can safely say that this one is my favorite. Even when it is busy, it is still manageable, unlike some of the others. I am also consistently pleased with their selection. Now, I often go in there without much of a purpose, just to see what's there-- but I recently found ALL, that's right, all of my Christmas gifts. Perhaps I went in on a lucky day, but I can't think of a time when I didn't walk out of there with at least something.I was sorry to read the previous review, because I have had such a consistently good time at this store. As for the store having a security guard, the one who works most of the time is a kick in the pants. He'll chat with you if given the opportunity. Also, every Ross has at least one, if not two, security guards working while the store is open. I hope more of you are encouraged to visit now that you know what a great time I have had there. It's one of the smaller Ross stores that I have been in, but it certainly packs a punch. Happy bargaining!
4	These type of stores are hit or miss. TJ Maxx, Marshalls, etc, sometimes they have EXACTLY what you're looking for, sometimes you just hit the perfect day and find something interesting, or sometimes you leave there wondering why you ever go back.That's the nature of this place! You have to be in the mood to look around, because you never know when you'll find that perfect item. I've left here many times without finding anything. It just depends...On this trip I found a Kenneth Cole Reaction bag for $27. I have a great pair of shoes I always get compliments on and I found them here last year for $15. They also have some housewares that I've seen at other stores for three times the price!
4	While here on vacation, I felt that I was lacking a few essentials to my wardrobe but didn't want to spend a ton of money. I thought I would try out Ross Stores, which are accurately described as hits of misses. Upon my initial walk in, I thought I would be majorly disappointed. The store seemed half empty of merchandise. However, once I went digging through the racks, I was able to find jeans (that fit great and were so comfortable), a shirt, athletic pants, 4 pairs of underwear, and a new bra. Best part was-----$33 total including sales tax. Where else would this happen at?Bring me to more Ross stores ASAP!
2	Under normal circumstances, I'm a really big fan of Ross. I love sifting through the racks and finding ridiculous bargains on great clothes. These, however, are not normal circumstances.Every time I come to this Ross, I get the feeling that it might be on its way out.  Each visit, it looks less like they sell clothes, and more like they're selling shelf space. What product they DO have isn't really that well maintained, either. In a typical retail environment, the employees at least PRETEND that they have product by maintaining the shelves and facing things to fill in the dead space. Not here. To top it all off, the areas of the store that DO have product aren't maintained at all. I get it...things get shopped. But I get the feeling that even the employees sense their impending doom, and approach their jobs as such.
1	I am so disappointed! I love Ross in general, but this one is limited, cluttered,and had no toilet paper in the single bathroom - after repeated requests! Won't return to this location.
4	One of my preferred Ross stores. It's always neat, well-organized, and they have tons of high end names at this location.
