5	I bought a set of new tires, but strangely enough the shop that mounted the tires doesn't offer alignment service, kind of like a place that sells hamburgers, but no french fries. Anyways they sent me to this location for the work and I was pleasantly surprised. Fast and efficient service and looks like it was done right the first time. The man named Pete actually asked the clients what kind of symptoms does your vehicle exhibit so he can get an idea of the problem. Most places you just tell them I need so and so done and they just say ok and try their luck. Pete asked, listened and the final result is what you need done. The receptionist, Brenda is fun to talk to. Good to know there is another decent mechanic in the area.I was going to give 4 stars because the wheel alignment price is a little bit higher than other places in the area, but surely worth the extra cost for getting it done right the first time. My lucky day for a change.
5	I have been using Nationwide Safety Brakes and Alignment Center (NSBAC) for more that fifteen years now, and have never had a bad experience! Pete and crew are the last practitioners of the lost art of honesty. I drive used cars, and when I take the cars in for service I don't feel like I am getting conned in to having unnecessary work done. Pete always gives me an evaluation of the car, and tells me what issues, if any,  need to be addressed then, and which issues can wait for later. Furthermore, Pete and crew will not compromise on safety issues, so I never worry that my cars are unsafe in any way. Brenda, in the office is always quick with a smile and  a laugh, and that always adds to the overall pleasant experience I have every time I go here. When it is time to buy a new used car, I insist that the car be inspected by Pete and his crew before I make an offer, and only make offers on those that get the NSBAC stamp of approval. I take my cars the NSBAC for everything they need, not just brakes and alignments because I trust Pete and his crew to give my cars the service that thy need, at a fair price, and usually that same day. Once in a great while the car has to stay overnight, but It is locked up inside the shop so that it is safe.
5	When I moved to Nevada, i searched for a shop that I could trust.  Unfortunately it took me a few years before I discovered Nationwide Safety Brakes and Alignment Center, and I felt like I was being taken advantage of at the other places.. its been about fifteen years, and I have only taken my cars here. Pete always listens to what i have to say when I am describing the problems, and will ask questions that help him get an understanding of what I an trying to explain. I always feel like he is being truthful with me, and never like he is trying to sell me something that I don't actually need.  I take my cars here, and only here, for everything, not just alignments. Although one time I needed a muffler, and Pete referred me to his favorite muffler shop, but other than that I only go to Nationwide Safety Brakes and Alignment Center.
