4	I was here for a birthday party so we had table service.  I'm not sure how much everything cost, but I know the table service was really expensive.  This is, after all, in the freakin' Bellagio.  It was crowded and loud but the seating was plush with nice decor.  The lighting and sound was pretty good, as expected in an upscale Vegas nightclub.  The crowd was really mixed.  Young and old.  Hot and no-so-hot.  Would go again with the right group of friends and if I wasn't picking up the tab.
3	Similar experience with getting in as Enrique. VIP passes, guest lists, good looking... it all means nothing without some benjamins. If you don't know or pay the bouncers, you're in for a long wait.  The only reason we got in without too long of a wait was that we were 6 well-dressed women who weren't already totally trashed.I thought the music was fun, but it's not for everyone. The DJ was mixing lots of club classics back to the 80s, so if you want to get your Prince and classic Madonna on, go for it. The music might not be hip enough for the Ibiza crowd. Table service for 6 of us would have been over a grand. It's just one night, I'm just not willing to throw down that much (cheap? you betcha!). A couple of the gals in our group made friends with a group of guys who had a table and had free drinks and a place to sit all night long. Atta girl!
2	I was very torn writing this review. Do i rate the place now..or do i give it a lifetime achievement award. Ive decided to do both. Its gets 2 stars now because in Vegas, the club game changes all the time. You are hot for a  while, then a new club (or 5) comes along and you are a has been until your casino decides to remodel you. Light is past its prime and is now filled mostly with late 30 somethings trying to show how much money they have. Anyone under 30, there are plenty of more appropriate clubs to go to in sin city. HOWEVER...I was fortunate enough to know the club GM when this place was in its hot stage and it was truly the best night club in America. I'm not old enough to have been to NY Studio 54 in its hey day, but this club adopted a very similar admissions policy. No lines. No guest lists. The door men chose all the club entrants. I'm sure I would have thought it was unfair too if it wasn't for my guy the GM. We always got let in quickly and easily. Once you got in, you see the benefit of being so selective at the door. Great girl to guy ratio and just a club full of hot women. I'm talking being there with 3 current Playboy Playmates and there still being hotter women in the club. Back then, I used to say to people..if I have to go to jail for 20 years, just tell the cops to meet me at the exit of Light at about 4am. I'm going to live it up on my last day of freedom.
4	this was a very decent exclusive night club, albeit kinda small as well.  they serve good drinks though (perfect vodka redbulls) and the music was really really good. they managed to play a good mix and the DJ really knew how to get the crowd going...unlike other clubs ahemTAOahem which kept playing the same stuff over...and over...and over....boring. the people here were kinda....old though.  straight up santa claus looking man staring at girls passing by. creepy.
1	This club was lame. Maybe I was here on an off night? I was surrounded by greesy jerk offs, who kept hounding me to dance w/ them. It's like dude, take a freaken hint or I'll have to smack you upside the head with my 4 inch heels.
2	I know that what happens in Vegas is supposed to stay there, but this place is lame, so I must tell.It is a bachelor party I am a part of in Vegas.  Half the party is my group of really good friends, and the other half, the boyfriends of the bridesmaids, who pretty much are as cheap as they can get.  Being huge fans of the Movie Swingers, one of my friends wants to go all out for my other friends pre wedding bash, so he plans for us to get a Steak dinner at NY, NY and later a VIP booth at Light.I have no idea what this is going to cost us, he is planning it, and says with the party of 12 we have, it should be about 60 bucks a person for dinner.   He says with all of us, the club will be reasonable.  I was thinking it could get a little expensive for something I was not really into, but down for the cause none the less.  We just fattened up with a steak and wine at New York, New York, and the other half of the party failed to pay for tax and tip.  They decide that they don't want to go to Light, and instead bounce.  Our groom is happy, but really wants to either go to light, or back to the strip clubs he ran up the 1000 dollar bill at the night before.  We cab it over to the Bellagio, buy a few drinks, stand in the vip line, get in.  There is now 6 of us, and as we are getting seated, then the groom's brother decides he wants to get more into debt, and leaves.   5 of us now siting in the booth.  The waitress comes, and she is absolutely stunning...she asks for our two choices in bottles.  I look at her shocked, and wanted to order a makers and coke.  Obviously I was not aware that we had to buy two bottles, but she confirmed that part of  the policy for sitting as a vip is that you have to buy them.  We settle on Hennessy and a bottle of Grey Goose, with sides of Coke and Redbull.  She comes back, pours one drink for each of us, and that is pretty much the last we see of her until the check comes.I thought that a place so trendy would be full to the seams with other people having their night on the town.  The night we went, it must have been corn fed mid-west night, cause there was no people I would have chosen to dance with.  My friend who organized this escapade is like a wannabe Vince Vaughn.  He decides he wants to dance.  He rounds us up, and starts flirting with the first girls he runs into: some ladies that should be stunt doubles for the plus size models at Sears.  That is cool if that is your thing, but I was not interested.  As I tried to leave, he grabs my arm, and my other friend says I have to stay because they are all white, and they need me so that they can relate to them.  I stay, dance with the least attractive one and figure this will go over better with my girlfriend anyway.This happens again and again, then soon, I escape with one of my friends and the groom so that we can at least enjoy the booze.  We drink as much as we can, and soon find that most of us are just waiting for the night to end.  The groom is asleep in the corner, and finally the check comes.  Even Vince Vaughn's eyes lit up, and I look over, and it was 1000 bucks for the two bottles.  He then gives her a 200 dollar tip for pouring our one drink.  I was pissed.  As I got in the cab to go back to the airport, I realized I just spent 400 dollars to figure out that this club sucked.  If you go...don't do it VIP.
3	It's been awhile since I've been here, but I get the impression that not too much has changed, although I suspect that it's a little less happening now. Not that it was white-hot when we went, but anyway...After winning some cash at roulette, my sweetie and I decided to spend some. We were already in the Bellagio, so we decided to check the place out. The line wasn't too bad and we got in right away. I was initially excited because I could here one of my favorite remixes of one of my favorite songs from the entrance.Unfortunately, when we got into the place, the music vibe was totally unlike that which they were playing at the entrance. Kind of weird, like they have special "entrance" music that doesn't match the interior of the club. Hmm. So the music wasn't really my thing, but it wasn't horrible. The staff was alright and the drinks were OK. The crowd was actually very friendly and lacking in the attitude that one might have expected (example: my sweetie wasn't paying attention and set our jackets down on the seat of a reserved booth; I started to discreetly tell him to move the coats somewhere else but the guys were like "no problem, leave it here, you guys can sit down if you want"). Overall a decent vibe.I don't know that I'd go back next time I'm in Vegas, as there are always plenty of new places to try, but I definitely had a good time.
3	What's with the older crowd here? Maybe it's because it's in the Bellagio, I don't know, but there were a lot of guys trying to hook it up, or couples in their 40s and 50s. Yeah. However, it's a nice exclusive club with decent music. VIP has nice seating, and it's set away from the dance floor enough where you're not subjected to watching strange people dance up on each other. My friends and I wanted to check it out, but were disappointed by the scene.
1	I understand this is inside the Bellagio, but $8 for a bud light, that is ridiculous.  This place was crowded and just seemed a little small.  The waitresses were a little rude.I expected more.
3	Small and cozy night club decoreted lightly with dancing poles aka stripper poles.  Decent music but the crowd wasn't too pleasant.  We were a group of 13 in a Bachelorette Party and there was just no love in that room.  I guess if locals were there they would have taken care of us but the Bachelors and Table Service Crew just didnt' like to share.
1	I made Table reservations twice at this club when I went to Vegas on separate occasions.  both times I went up to the table coordinator and he  said the tables were over booked and they didn't have our table ready. So let us by pass the line and comped our way in. 12:00 comes around still no table and I am looking at empty VIP Tables WTF. I talked to the coordinator and he said it would be another 30 mins, I told him look when you call and make a reservation doesn't that guarantee you a have a table ready. He said no..... WTF. Sure enough 1:00 comes around still no table. When it comes down to it the whole table Coordinator is so disorganized and should be fired. The setup with light is one of the smallest clubs in Vegas. The Music sucks and the drinks aren't very good. Ruin my nights when I went there. Just read the other peoples comments. Go to Tryst, Pure or Tao better service, better club
3	When you step into a bathroom when there's someone there to offer you a hand towel to dry your hands you know you've stepped in a nice place.  I never know if I'm supposed to tip those people or not, because I can grab my own hand towel.Great booty-shakin music.  I recommend arriving before the big crowds arrive so you can enjoy proper dance floor space.  I don't like clubs once they're crowded so we got there at 11 pm and had a blast before it got packed.All the bar-tendresses are armed with the latest of boob jobs, and I imagine can refer you to a good doctor, so that's a plus for those of you that need a referral.   I just couldn't help but notice and stare which is odd because I'm stacked (naturally) and look at my own and don't care.  But these bar tenderesses showed off their "girls" on display in their corsettes.
2	Bellagio is generally known for the luxe of Vegas. This wasn't the case at their night club though. After gorging ourselves at the Bellagio buffet - Kobiyashi style, we decided to check out this club. No line...bouncer was friendly...music sounded decent...The club was relatively small and around midnight got pretty packed....packed with girls! Great place for your guy friends to bustamove with any and all girls. The most important thing to me is great music and although the DJ had some great tunes up his sleeve, he had a serious ADD problem. Every 15 seconds - literally - the song would change. You couldnt really get into any one song and forget about appearing to have rhythm b'c the beat would be changing constantly. I could only stand about 3 hours of this (surprisingly) and headed for the elevator. A great song came on and I thought to myself, "Oh maybe I should have stayed..." By the time the elevator doors opened, the song changed!
5	Call me crazy, but I still love Light.  Yes, I know its been around for awhile, but its a good time.  Light is not quite as intense as some of the other Las Vegas clubs (meaning its more accessible to the masses and easier to get in to).  The music is great, too; I only wish they had a larger dance floor!
4	Even though this club is in the Bellagio, which is in my opinion the best and nicest hotel on the strip, your experience at Light will be somewhat unexpected.  For one, it's not light at all -- this is a dark, somewhat seedy club.  There are four or six stripper poles, and with the level of attractiveness of the girls dancing on the poles, it doesn't feel like a high end strip club by any means.  In general, Light has GREAT music.  I mean really, really great.  The last time I went there was a crappy DJ who seemed totally stuck on playing stuff from the 70's and 80's -- and I don't mean the cool stuff. LADIES -- Do NOT wear your nice heels to Light.  They WILL get ruined.  The dance floor is sticky and slippery, with people spilling drinks and breaking glasses.  I actually got a piece of glass stuck in the sole of my Jimmy Choo stillettos -- however upset I was about this, thankfully it was still  the sole of the shoe and not my foot.LADIES -- there is NO WHERE TO SIT DOWN IN THIS CLUB UNLESS YOU HAVE A TABLE.  So, make sure you put on your crappy yet comfortable club shoes for this one.  Finally, one last tip for the LADIES -- do not pay for your cover to Light.  Just do a couple slow laps around the surrounding casino area, and a "club scout" will find you soon enough and give you free vouches for you and your girlfriends.  For better or for worse, the fact that there is no where to sit down means that everybody is dancing.  I like that in a club -- it's a wonderful place to take your friends who don't dance, because, well, they have to dance.  Drinks are extremely expensive, like everywhere else in Vegas I guess, but the bartenders are somewhat self-important and not that fun to order from.
3	Boo on the "wanna be down with hip hop crow" and its many crews.  Good music...watch out for the flurry's that come down unexpectedly as if you were in some Lindsay Lohan Disney love movie.  Nice music and liked that there were places to sit.  Another boo for the guys taking pictures of their girlfriends dancing on the poles...who does that???  I guess they were thinking "look honey, no hands, no panties, and I can whip around on the pole so all the other guys can see-tee hee." Yikes.  Glad, I did not pay cover.
4	Light is a misnomer.  This club is the darkest club I've ever been in.  (And yes, I realize that the management group is Light but I was just expecting something ethereal.)We were going to the Bellagio for some gambling for my brother in law and some lounging at Caramel for me and my husband.  As we walked in we were given free passes to Light and we said, "oh hell, let's check it out"...the line was fairly short and we waited about three minutes before the bouncer came up to me, asked how many were in our party, and in we went.  (I love being a chick in Vegas.)  We didn't pay a cover, we didn't wait and for that I was happy.  We actually were even able to get seats inside with no bottle ordering requirement AND the waitress brings around free shots!  Where was I?  No waiting, no cover, seats with no strings attached and free shots?  This was not Vegas.   If this wasn't free and easy then it wouldn't be getting 4 stars...the club itself is nothing to write home about.The music was actually really good!  A decent mix of old school hip hop and current top 40 hip hop.  It filled up quickly but it was never overcrowded.  For the first hour we were there we enjoyed a good game of "what year was this song released?"  After that, my husband and I decided to get up and dance at one point which lasted about a song....first the Run DMC version of Walk This Way came on which is cool, not danceable, but cool.  Then it was Joan Jett.  Then it was Lynyrd Skynyrd?!  Don't get me wrong, I love some classic rock as much as the next person when I'm driving through the desert but in a night club?  Not so much.  It was a huge record scratch in our night and we promptly left.
2	I went here on a Sunday night...so glad I didn't have to pay to get in...we stayed long enough to have one $8 bud light....it was a HUGE sausage fest!!!I'll give it 2 stars for good music!!
3	I agree with Amy L. this place is a sausage fest. I was not into the scene here at all. We were escorted to the VIP area and told if you introduce yourself to these guys they will let you drink with them. They have 6 bottles and they can't drink it all. How weired is that? Half the group left and the other half stayed and partied all night. I give it three stars as I don't think i gave it a fair stay.
3	Light is different from most of the other clubs in Vegas - it has a smaller, more intimate feeling. This can be both a good and bad thing. It saves you the trouble of searching for your friends for hours if you get split up, but it also means that it can get totally packed. They play your typical top 40 mix, which wouldn't be my first choice, but I've heard some pretty good remixes. I've had the most fun here when I've come with a big group of friends early in the night and we've partied it up on the dance floor until it started to get packed. Guys at the door are notorious for being asses.
2	My visit was in October 2006. The line was short. The crowd was not hot, mostly 30 and 40 year olds trying to find their youth through embarrassing measures. Nothing to write home about but something for Yelp.The music was awful. The best part of the night was this freaky white lady that was dancing on (not with) my friend. I thought he was money but I think she was married.Don't go here if you're into scenester spots and you're trying to spot a celebrity.Maybe I just came on a night that wasn't crackin.
5	OK.... I might be biased because, whilst waiting for the light show in front of Bellagio (it was my friend's first time in Vegas), we (=three girl friends and I) stumbled upon a doorman (by the name of Jerry) who introduced himself and invited us to the club.  He gave us his number and told us to give him a call whenever we're ready and he'll escort us in.  Sure enough, we did call him after we went to another club in another hotel on the strip who turned out to be completely skanky.  He picked us up at the entrance of the hotel, whisked us right in AND was nice enough to take a photo of us just before we walked in.  The club was packed and the line was long so we sure were glad we got in without having to wait or pay for cover. The music was probably the best we had on the trip - great mix of old-school Hip Hop with Top 40.  Drinks are a bit on the pricey side, but, when in Vegas, you are expected to spend that way.
4	Since we were 6 girls and staying at the Bellagio, we got in free on a Fri night. The outside area was the usual club scene, not real uniform line, just a bunch of people looking like they are outside Studio 54 trying to get picked. You just have to keep your eyes and ears open. After waiting 5 mins, this lady came up and told us to wait over there and within 5 mins, we had our hand stamped and were in the club. You take one of 2 escalators going up and there are pretty lit up chandeliers, as if you are going on a cool version of the haunted mansion tour in an adult Disneyworld. Then you walk through a warmly colored lit room that is wall to wall stacked with Cristal bottles, ballas! Then you enter the main room with VIP areas all along the outskirts and descend some stairs to the main dancefloor where more VIP tables await. While getting your groove on, there are 2 balconies where OneRepublic was setting up I guess and the DJ is in the center above you, getting a feel for the crowd. It's a fairly new club and we had a ball! We danced for 3 hours straight. We aren't heavy drinkers so we didn't get a VIP booth. We just stayed on the crowded dancefloor and danced with well behaved men. It was great! No seedy guys here. At times, I think dry ice snowflakes would snow down onto the dance floor which was cool cause it helped cool the temp down as well as for the dancers. Then, last Fri night, OneRepublic showed up and performed their hit song as well as a new song for the group and that was awesome!!! They just showed up and played. Everyone was so amped on the dancefloor. They played the normal mashup music which hits all types of music genres. I had a great time there! So walk around the Bellagio come sun down and bouncers and other people employed by The Bank are handing out there black business cards that get you in for free. And if you are a girl, evern better and easier to get in!
4	I've been to The Bank when it was Light and it looks totally different.  Tons of space for VIP tables and I think there was only 1 bar - on the middle level.  It was never hard to get a drink there (quite expensive though - typical of Vegas, so no complaining here).  The dancefloor was PACKED so we made our way into the VIP area and started dancing in there.  When you order a bottle of champagne (Don P.) they deliver it with those sparklers...pretty cool actually.  The bouncers were even really cool!  They let us dance a top speakers and this little area above the couches in the VIP area and even kicked some girl out of the club because she was complaining too much (about us being near her area).  As for music, they played a really good mix - mainly Top 40.  Definately a place to check out if you are at the Bellagio.
4	Went to the Bank on MLK weekend with a bunch of friends. We had been at JET and Prive that Friday night, but decided to make a stop pretty late at the Bank. I didn't  think Light was all that great so the make over was much needed.After you get off the escalator, you walk down this hall that has TONS of Cristal bottles ( floor to ceiling, rows and rows) behind glass. I am a huge bubbly fan so I thought this was awesome...Def worth a picture!It was late so there wasn't a ton of people, but it's really dark and all black inside. The dance floor is on the bottom of the club which is kind of cool, usually it is raised. We had a table on the dance floor and we were able to dance on the little raised platforms behind the booth. I had a good time, the music & lighting were great..We only stayed for a bit, but I had a good time.Very classy place - I liked the champagne, the all black decor, and the nice chandeliers.
5	You want to go to Vegas and break your bank? This is a perfect place to do it. But, somehow I was stunned that my bar tab that was below 100 dollars. I was so shocked I felt like ordering 6 more drinks just because I was shocked. A friend managed to get us in without waiting in line at all. The joy of having friends who grew up in Vegas!!!
5	Ok, so, the $8 million remodel was totally worth it.  This is my new favorite place in Vegas.  The actual club isn't really THAT spectacular looking, it's still a little plain, but the overall experience is pretty sweet.  To be honest I expected it took look a little more like a bank.When you enter the club there is a room that looks like a vault full of Cristal.  Then you go into the larger room and the dance floor is in the middle, and there are table and bars around the perimeter.  My faves:  crystal chandeliers hanging from the ceiling, 4 $500 bottles of Moet & Chandon with the Persian salesmen from LA, Dom Perignon bottles lit up by sparklers, foam falling from the ceiling like snow every 20 minutes, no repeated songs, 3 Britney songs, partying next to Paul Allen (the computer guy) and Ashley Paige bikini designer models in VIP, and meeting my new BF Leonardo DiCaprio, JK, but he was there along with the Entourage cast.
5	So, it's opening weekend and we have VIP passes which really generally means zip at most clubs in Vegas. Usually, it means you just get to stand in a different line or mob that usually takes about just as long. So we are standing off to the side of the ropes and start talking to a security guy and make nice. We ask if he can help get us in. He says no can do but that we are in luck. Really? Why we ask. He says well see that guy right there? (He points to the main man picking people out of the crowd to go in) Yes we say. Well that guy loves two things in this world - asian women and tits, and combined you two are just that. This is perfect. My friend happens to be a lovely half japanese woman and me? I'm strategically showing off my 7k investment/christmas present and hoping to get a return on my investment. Wouldn't you know it - within 3 minutes of him saying this, we are in. Score. So a star for getting in! I know its a completely selfish reason to give a star but it was a fine moment in my Vegas memory bank. (no pun intended....actually, pun intended). One star for kickin decor, TWO stars for a HUGE dance floor and with actual room to dance. One more star for FANTAB music with nothing lame and no repeats.Total? Five stars for sure.
2	You gots to go the bank before you hit The Bank. I am not kidding.1st round: Belvedere Pineapple and Red Bull Vodka. They use top shelf liquor for wells, and the balance due was a whopping $33! It's $14 per drink, plus [get ready] an additional $5 charge for the "Red Bull Bump". Fine, charge me for the Red Bull, but at least give me the rest of the damn can! I've been to Light twice before and it was fantastic, and did not have this $18 drink average bullshit. Maybe they are trying to put a dent in that remodeling budget by pulling in a few extra bucks from patrons looking to get drunk. I am a complete featherweight, you can call me 2 drink Sally but 1.5 is more accurate. I got tipsy off a champagne celebratory toast earlier that night. Yet 3 drinks later, I'm still sober? Either the drinks are exceedingly light on the alcohol [and for $14!] or I developed a tolerance in record time!Redeeming Factors:1.) No waiting in line or cover. Upon entering the hotel, a suit handed us "Golden Ticket" passes for complimentary admission with front of line priveleges.2.) The music was really decent, and a group of nice boys let us sit at their table next to the dance floor when we were having technical problems with the shoes. 3.) Crowd is mature and responsible, no drunk frat boys or Girls Gone Wild skanks in here.
4	Stood in line for 5 minutes and got in and paid no cover! Came here for my friend's bday and had a lot of fun! It is the old Light...that was revamped and remodeled...and ahh..thank goodness coz Light just wasn't doing it for many! Their drinks are expensive but hella stiff so you're def getting your money's worth! The dance floor is a bit small...and they have a lot of men who look like investment bankers grinding up on young chics on the dancefloor! The music was good...'cept when they started the rock/house/trance music at midnight! Why do all the vegas clubs do this?!!? I mean, seriously, how do you dance to that "Eye of the Tiger" Rocky song?!
2	Really, people like this place?  I'm just happy I got in with no cover/fee, because I woulda been pissed had I paid for this.  Place is pretty small, and drinks are way overprices.  2 drinks for 30+?  Really?  Is should be a lot cheaper so people would drink more so they can actually stand the DJ.  Plays 5 hip hop songs, then switches the mood to 5 rock songs, then to 5 more undancable songs.  It seems to cater more to white girls that can't really dance and just like to scream and throw their arms around.  There is some paid eye candy dancing here and there, but not really at the level I would expect for Bellagio.  This place will quickly lose it's novelty.
5	I think bottle service determines your fate at the Bank.I've gotten bottle service at a lot of places in Vegas, and the Bank ranks close to, if not at the top. People light your cigarettes for you with people constantly clearing your ash trays. Even though you have your own bottle, you never pour your own drink--it's like having a personal bartender the entire time you're there.We went there on Sunday night and it was going off. Our table was near Michael Clarke Duncan's. Service was great and so was the music. Definitely one of the better Vegas club experiences.
4	Sexy night club with sexy booby dancing ladies that me and my man can equally admire...and good music to boot!  FYI:  for my "Vegas (don't forget to wear your underwear) Club Experience" the standings are:1. Tryst at the Wynn2. Prive at Planet Hollywood3. The Bank at Bellagio4. LAX at the Luxor5. Body English at The Hard Rock
3	What a rip off: 2 drinks for 43 bucks. Yeah yeah I am in Vegas, but I am not stupid!!!!Music was good though and surprisingly a lot of couples there....Probably go there again while smuggling in my own drink.
3	not the most positive experience on a Sunday night.Music was great and if it weren't so crowded it would have probably been a better night at the bank taht's why I went with 3 Stars.What made us leave was the rude staff, from waiters that were running their carts into people and the annoying bouncers that stand around the edges of the dance floor.I understand that they need to keep people away from the VIP tables, they do that at Tao too but somehow it got sooo annoying and they OVERDO it to the point that it kills the mood.The other negative was the lack of AC, after we 've had it with the bouncers pushing around we escaped onto the middle of the dance floor where it became impossible to breathe and we were out of there.My friends love this place on a different night I suppose. Unless you like it crowded and hot, skip Sunday.
4	I know why they call it the Bank... because you deposit a large wad of cash, and get charged high fees until you have no more money left.Can you infer that I'm a tad bitter at the $30+ I had to spend for 2 drinks?  At least the bartender was this hot chick who was furiously and frenetically mixing the drinks, moreso than any other bartender I'd ever seen, so that was worth about $5 of the total cost to witness that.Other than the high price for drinks, I actually had a great time.  The hottest girl I know was able to use her feminine wiles to finnangle some free passes from the bouncer before they club opened, so we avoided the $30 cover charge.  Really?  $30???  Do people actually pay that?  Regardless, the music was great and the atmosphere was a lot of fun, which is the only reason to go to a club anyway.  Within about 30 mins of opening, the place was bustling, and within about 1 hr, it was packed and ended up being a great time.One added bonus is that the bouncers weren't jerks.  They were assertive and no-bs, but generally very professional.
1	maybe because i went there for the danity kane album release party, but gosh darn it, it was grossly unorganized!  there was no line to get in--it was just a mass of people crowded around the door.  i felt like i was in a mosh pit for an afi concert.  my friends and i called ahead to get on the vip list a few days earlier, and then we confirmed our names that morning...i guess tiffany (or whoever) "forgot" to write our names down and then lied about it.there were a lot of promoters who pretended to work for the club--they made a lot of empty promises to get us and a group of other ladies in.  anyway, after 30 minutes of getting elbowed and stepped on, my friends and i got in.surprisingly small venue. way over crowded.  random soap foam falling from the celling.  shotty music transitions by the dj.  shot drinks not served in shot glasses--served in regular cups. wth. i guess that's upscale.  thank goodness we didn't have to pay.
4	of course since i stayed at the Bellagio, i went here to check it out. i knew since i stayed at the Bellagio, that this place would be a tad expensive, which it was. when I was there, the place was packed! my friends and i had bottle service so we did not worry about ordering drinks at the bar. The music was good. I'd go back here if I'm ever in vegas.
5	The Light at bellagio is now The Bank. and for a group of 10 with 5 guys 5 girls, it was amazing we arrived at around 11pm and got in with no wait and no cover. going up the escalator, we joked that it must be dead inside but boy, were we wrong!the place was packed! and they did a great job transforming the light into this multi-tiered sanctuary of sorts, with the VIP booths surrounding the dancefloor, and the decor and the design complementing the very exclusive, luxurious, and elegant vibe. This is one of the most aesthetically pleasing clubs I've ever been to, but I know that's not the reason you'll be going.. what if I told you we saw Jessica Alba and Leonardo DiCaprio here hmm? Okay, I didn't see them.. I just heard they were there..
3	The crowd was an older one. And both the music and the decor were rather, um, retro to match. I had an all right time, but Vegas has better clubs that don't cost you an arm and a leg to visit. $10 for a 5-oz water bottle? No thanks.
4	My party and I decided to hit up The Bank at The Bellagio back in early February.  We were approached by Bryce when we walked into the casino who was very helpful.  He gave us front of the line access without any hassle, for us that is.  The 50+ people waiting in line (only to have to pay cover) weren't so happy, but hey, what can you do?  ;) They also offered us In and Out privileges, I'm not sure if they do this all the time, but it sure was convenient.  When we first arrived, it was a bit early so the place was still a little empty.  We had a round, got stamped and headed over to PURE at Caesar's Palace.  After dancing and mingling there for awhile, we headed back to The Bank and walked right up to the bouncer and got back in without any trouble.  Point of the story, ask for Bryce.  He's the man!  :)The club itself had a really nice layout.  And the bouncers kept the crowds moving to avoid drunken stumblers from falling into you.  We found a group to hang out with and luckily, their booth was right on the dance floor.  The music was mainly Hip Hop and Top 40.  Also, the "snow" falling from the ceiling during Fat Joe's - Make It Rain was a nice touch.  Actually I remember my drunken self liking it very much!  Haha.     Drinks were decently strong and about the average price of drinks in Vegas.  If I had to guess, I think around $12 per drink? I would definitely come back for another fun experience!
3	Thank goodness we didn't pay for this place either.... I think quite a few of my Vegas club reviews will start this way...I was excited to go to the Bank.  I didn't think the Bellagio would let me down.  There was a nice sized crowd outside but we didn't have to wait to get in, always nice.  There's an escalator to get into the club and they were playing some good hip hop on the way up to get inside...a good sign. So we thought.  Not 2 minutes later we're in the main room and it's techno city...and I don't like that city.  We stayed a minute or 2 and decided that that's about all we could take.
4	Went here cinco to mayo weekend.  This place was great.  The layout is a bit overwhelming...lots of turns, hallways, stairways, god know what else, so it's easy to get lost.  But the music was great, the drinks were good, and the crowd was lots of fun.  The decor was pretty cool too, they have this black and gold thing going on...sorta of old school scarface action.  The intermittent "snowing" of bubbles from the ceiling during intense moments of the hottest songs adds a final dose of exuberance to the night.  Cover those drinks though unless you want bubbles on your 15 dollar vodka tonics. The bad:  the dance floor is really small and gets super packed.  Also, one of the bartenders wouldnt break a 20 for me because I only gave her a $1 tip for the beer I ordered. WTF?!?!Also, the bouncers are kind of asses on the VIP floor; its packed and you're doing the best you can, I'd appreciate them being a little kinder when asking you to stop dancing on the tables :-)
4	I'm a designer, so I thought the atmosphe and dsign of the place was phenomenal.It's pretty pcicey, if you do not know the right people who can get you in for free.  LOL Since it's a hot spot, it was extremely crowded as any Vegas club would be.  But I had a good time.The drinks were good, and the music was great!
4	My friends and I went to bank on our last night (Sunday), after Pure was a complete disappointment. There was a biggg crowd waiting outside so I thought it would be hard to get in but thankfully we found a promoter who let us in for free...probably one of the very few perks of being a girl. Anyway there was some event going on I guess with a few celebrities...but I had no idea who they were..so it was really packed...again. It's not that big of a club but its very cute. I love the wall paper design and the beautiful crystals hanging off the ceiling. It's also very dark...like reallly dark in there...which is great I guess if you don't want to put on make up for the night. The dance floor was pretty packed and some drunk girl KEPT breaking her glass which sent shards of glass flying onto my leg! The music was pretty good though...and every fifteen minutes or so, foam starts sprinkling down like snow. We left after an hour because there were too many people and it was getting really annoying.
2	not a fan..  don't think i would ever go back..  good thing we didn't have to pay or wait in line..  riding up the escalators, i too was excited to hear 50 cent telling me its my birthday..  but was greatly disappointed as 50 was subdued by techno/trance/electronica when we made to the top of the escalators..i would probably enjoy it more if they played a better mix of music..  but after the second drink, i realized that as much as i drank, i will never know how to properly dance to that kind of music..  time to head on to the next club..i wish i would've read previous reviews, i probably would've avoided the bank all together.
3	Eh, definitely NOT THE BEST experience I've had at a night club in Sin City!  I do my BEST to stay away from clubs at my age.  But, when I end up going to one (only on a rare and special occasion), I expect a bit more "taste" in music.  Rather than the "same ole, same ole", gimme something to shake my rumpa too.  It made me feel as if I've NEVER left the clubbing scene and I did.  YEARS ago!  CONS:I think drinks are too pricey and I don't care if it's Vegas!  The go-go dancers were awful, sorry.  The music was SUPER LOUD and seriously, what a poor choice!  PLUSES:  Women are normally always free.  No waiting in line  Gotta love that about being female!!  I thought the service at the bar was great.  And especially so with the female bartender who helped my friend out!!  The bathroom was clean and I of course am a HUGE fan of that.  Great variety of liquor!Will I be back?  No. Probably not.My friend loved this place.
3	This place was okay.  First of all, when you have about 7-10 guys outside the club trying to get as many females into the club for free...it makes you wonder, what could be wrong with this place.  And then through observation, a lot of these girls were NOT CUTE AT ALL!!  I didn't really think the vibe was all that great.  Actually, they brought me and my girls down to a VIP area.  They were giving us drinks (which were heavily watered down) and told us to sit in the tables for bottle service, what we didn't know is that as people came and bought table service, they would kick us out of our table.  Okay, i'm sorry......I would have rather paid for bottle service.  WTF?  So they just fill this place with girls, to seem like a cool spot to guys who were staring at us from the "common" area...and then boot us all out.  I have no desire to come here again.  There are so many other better places in Vegas, its ridiculous to waste time here.
2	Seriously don't bother.  Take your time and money to Tryst for a much better and less aggravating experience.  The Bank is trying to pimp itself as a high end, sophisticated club, but trust me it's sparsely decorated, horribly manage and has about the most a-hole bouncers I have ever cross paths with.  The line, well there is no line.  Just a gigantic cluster-fuck in the front of the escalators that take you into the club.  We arrived early, stood at the ropes and waited for almost 1 1/2 hours.  (I usually never wait more than 15-20 for a club), but I've been to almost all the other worthwhile clubs on the strip, so I thought I would try something new, BIG MISTAKE.  The bouncer didn't even let groups all good looking girls into the club, he was too busy stuffing his pockets with money from young guys who didn't know any better.  The group of guys next to use must have paid a fortune.  The doorman didn't even look at us until we flashed some cash and he had the nerve the finally acknowledge our existence and said "Their better be more than one $20 in their."  So we ended paying him to get in, but the girl at the door waived the cover charge for me, so it wasn't that bad, just very aggravating.  I mean I guess I'm spoiled because we don't usually wait or pay much to get in, so in the end what goes around comes around, but the way it was being handle just frustrated me to no end.Once inside the club it was packed.  Which was odd because hardly anyone was getting in downstairs.  The bars are on opposite sides of a sunken dance floor in the middle of a large black room.  The only decor was the large chandeliers above the dance floor and a wall of back lit champagne (Dom or Cristal) towards the front of the entrance.  The drinks were more expensive than average and the bars were so crowed, good luck trying to get one and then get it pas the stampede of people without spilling on yourself.  The only positive of this club was the music.  The DJ had great mixes of top 40, hip hop, house and good old rock and roll.  Their was also foam and cold air that was poured over the hot dancing crowd every 20 mins or so.  I danced all night and enjoyed myself overall, but I will not be going back.  There is nothing original or unique that this club offers that a far superior (Tryst, Tao, Body English, or Jet) doesn't do twice as well.
2	This place is okay.As far as Las Vegas clubs go.  I'm not impressed.  Our bottle server was nothing special.  The security/door men were assholes, even to VIP folks who are spending a lot of money for good service.  The club's dancers were sub-par.  The DJ was pretty good.The skinney:  I wouldn't go here again.  There are way too many clubs that are WAY better.  But maybe, if I were local, I might check it out, the lines are short.  And bottle service seemed to be cheaper than other more popular clubs, but I'm not sure if it was because we got a discount through a hook up, or because it was the real price.
2	Jesus people, it's not a clown car.Look, I like slutty girls and desperate guys just as much as the next guy. I like to be seen and heard. But do you need to casually bump into me (literally) every five seconds? Thanks for making me spill my drink on myself.At least the bartenders are hot and scantily clad.
1	When we heard that there was a new club at the Bellagio, we had to check it out. So we decided to go to dinner at the Fix restaurant which is next door to The Bank. BTW, Fix Restaurant is filled with Beautiful people. The restaurant manager asked us if we were gonna go to the Bank that night and he told us that he would be happy to escort us over there and comp our entrance fee. I was super impress with Fix Restaurant. So after getting comped to get in, I was so ready to party! I walked in and I thought the whole decor was amazing until I got to the main area. This club was designed to only have tables service and if you didnt have table service they only give you aisles to walk around and chill. I was not impress whatsoever. You can walk around the whole club five times in minutes, thats how small it was. Dance floor was small and the guys there that night were slpppy and agressive! I would never go here again unless I was forced to come without my knowledge. Thank god, I didnt have to pay to get in. I was bored! You cant say that about any other club in Vegas.
5	I'm not big on Vegas nightclubs, mainly because I used to work in one, but The Bank at the Bellagio has to be one of my all time favorite destination hotspots on the strip.  Granted there is a line upon arrival, but if you have a table reservation, you're a group of attractive looking women, or just know someone at the door. there is an amazing venue once past the velvet ropes.VIP table service has to be some of the most top-notch here at this club.  There are uber-hot bottle waitresses, attentive porters and doormen.  The girls here are hot (leave it to the selective door staff to allow entry to them), and the music is high energy.  Best part is once an hour on the hour, it "snows" in the club!  Literally, snowflakes rain from the ceiling, and mixed with the intricate lighting patterns, it creates an experience one would just have to see.I'm rather picky when I go out to entertain some clients or friends, and I'm never disappointed when I come here.  When you come to Vegas, make it a point to come here, especially on Sundays for Industry night.
4	We went here for my husband's birthday, and had a blast! We had free tickets, which was cool and saw an up and coming singer, which was a nice treat. The music was awesome and the drinks were great.
3	Beautiful club + overpriced drinks + cool-guy posers that try too hard + a few has-been celebrities = The Bank.Look, if you know what you're doing, you get in for free, especially if you're a woman.  Don't show up with a bunch of sausage at the door or you're going to wait.  Don't show up with bombed-out attire (e.g. - popped-collar polo, generic striped shirt, etc.). There's a bunch of greasy-looking people that they try to keep out of the place for a reason.I'd give it more stars, but it seemed full of unattractive 30+ somethings trying to find their youth and people trying to hard to impress by throwing money around.
2	We (4 guys) would not have gone to Bank except that our server, Beth, from the previous night at Jet had invited us to join her and co-workers at their table for Industry night. It was evident right away that her co-workers did not want us there. We ended up standing on the upper walkway for which Beth apologized. However, we didn't mind because of the completely disinterested vibe we got from her co-workers. The club was crowded and from my perspective a less enjoyable time than Jet. Why? A big part of the reason was we did not get a table at Bank. But this is hardly unique to Bank - I don't think I'd enjoy any club without table service. But it also seemed like a different type of crowd which I have to generalize and say was more pretentious than the crowd at Jet. I understand this is what some people are looking for, but not me. We enjoyed the first 30 minutes or so but left after an hour. Had a couple drinks but never felt tempted to stay longer and spend more.
3	Me and the fellas did bottle service for B-Dubs bachelor party Saturday nite.Service was on top of it (from security to drink pour-er). Music was good. We did our bestest  to polish off the last bottle of Jack Daniels. Ouch!!!Only draw back was that it was a hassle to squeeze through the super packed dance floor to make to the bathroom.Fun to watch all the sausage trying to get thier grove on!!
2	Everytime the girls and I hit Vegas we hit a club after sleeping at the tables.  This year we went to the Bank in the bellagio because it was across the street from our hotel.  It was a mess outside with no real line, pretty much a disaster.  I was lucky I was with chicks because we bypassed the line and went in for free.  The bouncer was adorable, big points.  We get in there and its practically empty EXCEPT for maybe 3 bachlorette parties.  Hey I feel you on the guy to girl ratio but come on, there were NO guys.   Who was I suppose to make out with?  So I threw back some 14 dollar shots, hustled onto the dancefloor, sweated a little and screamed NO in a few guys faces.  We went home early this night which is VERY rare for me in Vegas.  Maybe next year.
4	The bank... thank goodness I was with a staff person all weekend because it was not an issue to get into clubs without the line.  It's in the Bellagio so I figured it would be nice, and it was.  The girls got in free but our guy friends had to pay $30 each.  You come in through an escalator up into the club, the first thing you see is lights and beads hanging, very pretty.  Not to mention the empty bottles of Crystal decorating the walls.  I went straight to the bar because I saw an opening.  Kinda wish I had not, $19 for a Red Bull and Sky Vodka... I mean this is Vegas but if they were smart, well I guess that is kinda smart but it was the only drink I bought for that reason.  I truly feel bad for the men that come to Vegas.  It's a beautiful club and the DJ was on spot!  Played a great play list including the new Kanye West song and MIA (the song featured in Pineapple Express).  I had a great time and danced for hours!  Very crowded although if you go upstairs its much less but not as much fun.  Watch out for older women trying to grind on you boys, her husband is most likely right in front of you watching and will eventually come tell you to lay off his Woman, even though she started it, FYI.  Pre Party to ensure fun without breaking the bank!
2	Okay, so I don't typically review "average" places, only places that are over the top good or are SO bad that it is worthy of spreading the word as a place to avoid.   So The Bank is a new club in the Bellagio, which you would assume would be super nice and extravagant.  It's definitely nicely done inside, but not particularly large compared to the more well know/popular clubs in Vegas***************************************************************************************The BAD:  the unorganized wait to get in.  It was a saturday night that 4 of us went there b/c we wanted to avoid the crowds at the busier places AND we had gotten free passes to get in to this place.  There were somewhere around 30-40 people in line, so we wait for 15-20 minutes before we make it to the very front of the line.  Somehow we end up standing in that position for at least another half hour BECAUSE the guy (Robert?) letting people in is looking for his cash/tips and letting people in based on that.  I totally understand that side of it, but come on how blatant and unfair can you be?!?!?  I feel bad for the groups of all guys next to us that probably waited even longer just because they were complaining to this d*#@-head.   We waited patiently and eventually got in, but honestly I don't think I'll be coming back to this place unless they change something.  If I were the Bellagio, I would be seriously concerned b/c people are gonna be majorly turned off from coming to this place just b/c of this unorganized / unnecessary waiting.The GOOD: Once we did get in, it was actually fairly nice inside.  Good size dance floor, a lot of space to people watch, and they have two large bars on opposite sides with some very HOT bartenders- always a PLUS!=)   I have to say their DJ and choice of music was excellent.  On a side note, I had a small "accident" that required some minor medical attention which their staff jumped on quick and was much appreciated (Thanks Phil and Steve!)CONCLUSION: I hope this place gets better soon, cuz it does have potential.
5	I'm surprised I don't see better reviews for this place.  Out of all the clubs I've been to in Vegas thus far (LAX, Tryst, Studio 54, Jet, etc.) The Bank was my best experience yet.  The club is stellar.  About 15 friends and I got a VIP section on the dance floor.  We got two bottles of Grey Goose and ordered another later that night.  We were greeted by our waitress who was not only beautiful but sweet.  She was very accommodating and attentive.  She quickly brought over freshly squeezed orange juice, (none of that fake bar OJ we have in Hawaii) cranberry juice and cans and cans of Red Bull.  She made each of our drinks and left us to party.  We had our own personal buss boy who was just as attentive.  With just a drip of condensation on the ground and he was there to clean it up.  The bathroom wasn't even 10 steps away from our section and we even had a security guard who escorted us there.  I've never received service as attentive and upscale.  Later that night, there was a gentleman throwing dollar bills throughout the night.  I made an easy 15 bucks.  But don't go in expecting to make a few bucks from partying at The Bank, I think he was just an extremely well to do socialite.  All in all, it was a great evening...even some incriminating pictures to prove it.  We all can't wait to plan our next trip back.
1	Ok seriously? Who is giving this place good reviews? I went for a friend's birthday recently and she was excited about going here since it looked nice in the pictures on the website. I kept an open mind even though I hadn't heard very good things about it. Our group of girls got in for free and were walked directly to the front of the line. HOWEVER the front of the club was a MESS. There was no organization whatsoever...even the promoter we were with was really frazzled. I noticed a lot of the people in line were older and not very cute...but whatever, it wasn't my birthday so it wasn't my show. This place definitely suffers from fake-line syndrome because once we got in the place was practically empty. Way to "hype" up the club by keeping the lines super long outside! Not okay! Once I got in there I immediately wanted to walk back out. The decor is interesting. They played a different variety of music which was nice I guess. Those are about the only nice things I have to say about this place. The dance floor is pretty small and the club setup is kind of odd. Two bars on each side of the club with a sunken dance floor. I definitely saw tons of people that were my parents' age. That made it really awkward for me so we left after trying to stick it out for half an hour. I am never coming back here again. I felt like it was such a waste of time being there in the first place. This is pretty bratty of me to say but I think most of the people who are giving this place good reviews have either never gone to a better club in Vegas (and are seriously missing out) or can't get into the other clubs.
2	uhh i don't know about this place. we came here on a friday night...@ 3am and i felt like i was at a rave.the only good thing about that night was that some 60+ year old man invited us to sit with him at his table and he ordered us drinks for awhile...(this was after i bought my friend a shot...that was 15 dollars. thats vegas for you)he was so gross though.
1	Nice club, too small .. WACK ASS DJ!  Yahh, don't go there.  Gets too crowded on the dance floor & there's no room to move around because the stupid place is so small.Only reason there's a star is because there was some girl (I think she was Asian, my friend disagrees) dancing on a box & since it's Vegas, her dress barely covered her cooch.  But thanks to her "dancing" (yahh, it wasn't dancing), it kept riding up & her ass kept popping out.  My guy friends loved it hahahh
2	This club was decent...For Vegas. I mean the inside was an ok size. Our group had bottle service and the area we were in wasn't that impressive except for the fact they had hidden drawers underneath all the seats, which was really helpful, considering girls always have a purse that they typically don't want to hold. And the dancefloor wasn't that big. The only other club that I've been to was Tao in the Venetian and that was way better. Plus i do confirm that the DJ SUCKED!
3	I just went to The Bank last night and it was a good!!!  Not great but a solid good - lolI went to Light a few years back when it was big on Sunday's as well (It was one of my first experiences when they "picked" us out of the crowd instead of traditional lines.) It looks completely different and I think it was time for a change anyway.   I haven't gone in a couple of years so I was pumped to see how it was going to be.  Our Group:3 girls (not our usual girls weekend). It was a thrown together weekend to meet up with my one friend who has a work conference next weekGetting In: Met promoter by our hotel pool.  Got in less than 5 minutes once we met up with him.  No cover.Atmosphere:Stripper poles gone, bar on the side gone, replaced with different layers of dance floors, VIP tables, bars, more VIP, etc.  I like the new look  but personally I didn't like how dark it was.  I know clubs are dark but I felt like my eyes never adjusted or something and I had sunglasses on all night.  Because it was so dark, the bouncers on the stairs would "light" up your path with flashlights when you were walking up and down the stairs - I thought that was hilariousStaff:  Outside bouncers less friendly than at other clubs.  Inside bouncers pretty strict about keeping people moving in certain areas but I think that's a good thing - they are more friendly.   Girl bartenders very pretty and friendly.  They kind of looked the same though, same brown hair, build, make-up.  It was hilarious, this guy I was with couldn't find his credit card so he was asking the bartender if he left it.  She was like "Who did you leave it with? Our computers aren't connected"  His response "How the hell should I know you all look exactly the same!  Especially because it's so dark!"  She definitely stopped trying to help him after that haha.Drinks: I'd say a little more expensive than some of the other clubs.  That being said I really wasn't drinking because I had a 6 am flight and didn't want to miss my flight (which I have done in other years!!!!)For the Single Ladies:Seemed like there were more ladies here than the other clubs.  Still lots of bachelor parties, guys on the dance floor, guys with tables looking to meet some girls!  I didn't get drinks bought for me besides being asked to go back into that one room by some guys.  For whatever reason, multiple tables there had European guys.Dancing: Good music, a little more techno than I like.  Also song switch ups are a little faster than other places.  Dance floor is teeny, don't be surprised if you get bumped, groped, whatever.  But people are dancing everywhere so feel free to find your own spot, table or guy and go for it!!VIP: This was one of the first clubs where we really didn't do the VIP thing.  I was in the one room in the back behind the bar.  A few tables, pretty small.  Friendly guys and girls.  For whatever reason, international feel.  I felt like the VIP tables by the dance floor were more everyday   people.  I have a feeling that there are other areas here (maybe to the right down that hallway on the same wall as the DJ booth?) but wasn't up for exploring too much because I met some guy in the main room that I was chatting up until I left for the airport.Crowd/Overall Experience:I can't put my finger on what is different but it just didn't feel right.  It may be because I wasn't really drinking or whatever so I will have to come again.  But a few years ago, Sunday's at Light was just a totally different vibe.  It was still party mode but more relaxed.  Beautiful people everywhere and everyone was soooo nice.  I would chat up good looking guys AND girls all the time and everyone was polite. I also felt this vibe at BE,Hard Rock on Sunday last year.  But here at The Bank, the people last night  didn't seem like locals as much, it seemed more touristy, the people who were watching E! or something and had to be there to witness which celeb was going to be there (Samantha Ronson was spinning and Lindsay Lohan was supposed to be there for example).  Maybe that's just how clubs are changing now because I kind of felt that way at Pure last night too.   Separate review but I can see how doing or meeting up with VIP makes a real difference.
2	Decent, its a step up from the darkness that was light but the service and staff still lacks especially for buying bottles and tipping everyone 100 bucks. In any other high end Vegas spot they would walk / personally escort our table guests to the restroom and out of the club but not here. Overpriced for its service and to boot the server ran our 2k bill over 6 times successfully and then informs me our card rejected lol. My boss was not impressed when he got this bill.
5	i looooved The Bank. My girl friend and i didnt know anything about it until this lady came up to us earlier at a different hotel and put us on the guest list and gave us free champagne all night wristbands!...it pays to be dressed up during the day.We got there and the lady who met us earlier put us in this special line and we whizzed right past everybody.  they sent us up an escalator where it proceeded to become super dark with flashy lights.  The Bank was super swanky with big chandeliers and a sunk in dance floor.The music was soooo good.  the DJ really mixed it up from 80's music to hip-hop to eminem (he is his own genre) to electronica and remixes of old classics.  I loved the body gaurds and security- they were really nice and one of the managers lead us to a vip where we pretty much got free drinks all night....GIRLS dont make the mistake of paying $14 for a shot of vodka, just smile at the nice gentlemen who will give you a drink from their vip table.  The cocktail waitress at the VIP table we ended up at was so nice and sweet. The guys there were not rude or obnoxious either.  Most of the people there were attractive and dressed nice.All in all, everyone was really nice and friendly and maybe it just seemed this way because i had one too many free drinks but i really liked this place.  we liked it so much we ended back there the next night for a little bit before we headed to Drais after hours.
3	The interior is gorgeous, but it was MUCH smaller than expected. Apparently I went on a really bad night, which made itself obvious before the bouncer told me that from the looks of the crowd. I called it a night after a couple of hours (we went around 11p on a Thursday). My girls ended up being chased around the dance floor by a group of creepy European guys, which sounded like the most eventful thing to happen there all evening. But we did get in for free, and the bartender hooked it up w/some free shots, which perked up the evening a bit...   :)
4	Cool night club, and I hate clubs! As most "fancy" clubs in Vegas, they make sure their waitress/bartenders are female and very sexy.  They also make sure their guests are too, how do they do this??  The bar is on this elevated section, and you can look down onto the dance floor and the VIP sections. Makes for fun people watching.
3	before i went to vegas and was looking up all of the best clubs to go, to the bank caught my eye. the pictures i found were promising and it appeared to be super-swanky. didn't make it on my absolute "to-do" list for vegas, but it stuck out in my mind regardless.we wound up meeting a promoter who was a really sweet girl. shockingly, she didn't ask for any tips for putting us on the guest list or for giving us free entry wristbands (which are pretty much a joke because let's face it - girls get in free everywhere) supposedly, it was britney spears' womanizer single release party, which i'm still not even certain happened, but we were told we missed her by an hour.we showed up around 1:30 and there was a relatively large crowd. the club was a lot less swankier in person than i had thought. its OK but it's nothing to write home about. you can't see the flashy gold and black decor because the lights completely mask it.regardless, there was a good vibe and the dance floor was packed. thinking about getting a table? push for one on the dance floor. the ones up the stairs are too secluded. props to the promoter we met earlier that day who invited us to her table for the night when we ran into her.but, oh! steer clear of the bouncers ladies, they're not afraid to shove you around to get where they want to go. work on that bank, pronto.3 stars because although fun, i've seen better and i'd expect much more from a club in vegas. still a good time though.
4	We were on our way to Caramel (because of all the great reviews) and decided to stop by The Bank to see what it was all about.  The reviews were average so our expectations were very low.  We were able to bypass the line with no cover.  That earned two stars.  Another star for decor.  The decor was classy, sexy and they had escalators (no drunk wants to walk up/down stairs in the dark).  There was an average sized dance floor below and wrap around balconies for people watching. The club earned another star for all the attractive men and women.  If the crazy, packed club scene isn't for you, then you'll hate this place.I'll be coming back here for sure.
5	Went here on a Saturday night and it turned out to be a seriously good club. We got there slightly after 10:30PM and the bouncers were holding up the line as usual. Wasn't in the mood to wait, so I just greased the guy a twenty and moved on. No cover if you managed to pick up a VIP admit ticket beforehand. The Bank's a decently sized venue with balconies encircling a central dance floor. Decor is contemporary and sleek. The girl to guy ratio was good and the music was standard top 40s. Drinks seemed to be on the pricey side though. Overall thumbs up.
5	MY FAVORITE CLUB IN VEGAS! (my second favorite is tryst)young crowd, the BEST music -- mostly hip hop and some rock (journey/80s)!  note: thursday nights are house music.and it RAINS MONEY (2 out of the 4 times i've been there)!!!make sure to get on the guestlist if you don't want to wait in line!  no cover if you have one of the pree admission passes!
4	After the Sunday School crowd at Body English became a little too much for us without room to breathe (aka bottle service), we decided to go to The Bank because it was a relatively lesser known club and we hoped it would in turn be less crowded. The patience of the girls I was with was running thin, and if we didn't go somewhere else, that was less effort but still stimulating, quickly, they would just go back to the room and pass out for the night. I thought fast and remembered the cab driver from the day before gave me some free tickets to The Bank, so The Bank it was.Inside it has a similar look to Body English only with a lot more sparkle. After you ascend up an escalator and pass through a room with clear glass walls revealing hundreds of glimmering bottles of Cristal and Dom Perignon, you know you've reached Vegas's Fort Knox of BOOZE: Welcome to The Bank -- check out our reserves!Gogo dancers and cocktail waitresses parading around with sparklers, showers of glitter and downpours of confetti, a variety of music (still no house music, and I acknowledge that I will never be completely happy), and accessible bars and attentive bartenders; it was a wonder I hadn't heard of this place sooner. There was no line around 1am, and it looked rather desolate on the surrounding casino floor at the foot of the escalator. Inside it was indeed crowded, but nothing like Body English. We hung out by a bar, with a ledge to put drinks on, and we never traveled down to the dance floor.We stayed here for maybe an hour, and as the drinks kept coming, I decided I liked this place more and more, just looking from the upstairs bar area to the VIP booths and main dance floor below, belting out Journey and Jon Bon Jovi mashups, because frankly, anything at that point could've beaten the DJ at Body English.We left The Bank with after several transactions at the bar, and though we didn't drink any of their precious gold bubbly reserves, we still managed to walk away with low cash flows. Every barefoot clumsy step from The Bank through the Bellagio casino to the taxi stand was proud and with a smile, we survived the last night of our 21st birthday trip to Vegas.... with that being said, it's a wonder I remember this much!
3	yeah.for being a club inside the BELLAGIO, this place definitely didnt live up to my expectations. i was waiting right outside the entrance for my friends to gather up and i saw UFC president DANA WHITE walk in. so im like, sweet, its gotta be good inside. but. not so much. it was a bit ghetto for a vegas club on the strip. the music early on was wack. the cholos inside, yes i said CHOLOS, were jammin to "lean like a cholo." i felt like i was at Diamond Jims back home! the bathrooms were hidden. you have to walk down a very very dark hall to get there. my lady friends asked me to walk them everytime they had to go. and not to be an ass but ya know, the ladies they have a small bladder.3 stars because bottle service was fairly cheap(for vegas) and the host and servers were very attentive. maybe a bit toooo anttentive at times though.and also. i mean cmon. its VEGAS! fuckers!
3	We only came here because we were staying in the hotel and got complimentary admission. It was Saturday when we went. There is definitely a lot of room to people watch but as far as the dance floor goes, boy, by 12 AM, people are bumping into you and  there is no room to dance. The dance floor is like a 13 x 10 room. The decor is pretty nice and the hotesses is definitely eye candy. The DJ, not so good. The transition between songs are pretty bad. I'll be dancing and suddenly, the music stops until the next song with a beat starts up. What was cool though, during the hour I was there, it was raining bubbles.Would I come back? Probably not.
2	More 2.5 than a 2.This place use to be called The Light.  The Light Group took the club and redesigned it.  They call it The Bank now.  (I never liked "The Light")The club is okay.  My latest time I went, it was with a large group of friends and we had a blast.  I must admit, most of the fun was due to our large party and great atmosphere we all brought.  The dj was good.  I shall not lie.The thing that I don't like about this place is that it's small.  There's a small main dance floor and a second upper level for bottle service/tables.  There is 3rd level where two bars sit at the opposite side of the club.  That 3rd level seems to be a "spectator" level since you can't dance there.  You mostly just look down on the bottom two levels and watch all the action going on.SUNDAY'S ARE THE BEST NIGHT!I wouldn't put this club into our starting rotation.  It really is more of a minor league club.  But when all else fails and you have no options, this would be the one of our last resorts.
5	Despite everyone's advice about The Bank, Me and my girls had a blast on our first night here in Vegas!!  After arriving from the airport and done getting ready by midnight since our flight was delayed because of the previous snow storms, we headed to the club like the night was still young!!Got in for free on a thursday night and received free drinks passes for ladies only!  Drinks were covered for us for the rest of the night.. But i had to pay for only 2 patron shots and it turned out to be $30 total... sigh $15 dollars a shot of patron.. The Bank is definitely pricier on drinks compared to other places!! But it is okay... the free drinks and table service that we crashed made up for it! plenty of redbull/grey goose and etc provided by our newly made friends that night.The music was alright at the beginning.. more techno/house but it got better throughout the night.. All in all it was a successful first night of debauchery.. and successful first night back in the states for me from coming back from the islands that very same morning!I love the escalator entrance to the club.. the decor is very classy and nice.. The venue is definitely smaller than other clubs such as Tao.. Lower dance floor.. Upper deck for tables.. and Most upper deck with the bar and standing space with some high tables to overlook the club and dance floor.  From what I remember, I think they made it fancy that night and things were raining down on us.. confetti or fake snow.. or something... maybe it was my imagination though....I would definitely come here again!! unlike Jet.. :X
4	I've heard mixed reviews about The Bank but we had an absolute blast there.  Overall it was just a good club experience... nothing seemed too special about the place in particular (except the amazing music from the DJ).Pros:-Lots of younger people (maybe it was all the bachelorette parties)-DJ David Christian mixed some amazing hip-hop, pop, rock, trance, mashups-Not overly crowded-Great views of the dance floor from the top floor-Plenty of places to post up and set your drink-Bar tenders were niceCons:-Price of drinks... $14-$15-Won't serve you a glass of water... tonic water or bottled-Admission $30 (Look for a free admission ticket from a cabbie or promoter)-The foam that comes from the ceiling is cool once... maybe twice... but after the 5th time its overkill-Too much room taken up by tables = small dance floor
1	Overrated dance floor that gets packed very early and beware of flying elbows and pretentious people (felt like I was in the worst of LA), and FYI ladies, the girl to guy ratio is about 4/1. So if you don't want a sausagefest here's a place for you, but if you're trying to meet some guys, certainly go elsewhere as the guys were all creepy looking at stood on the dance floor as if some beautiful woman is just gonna come up to them and start grinding.  Drinks were expensive but I anticipated that as it is Vegas, at least they didn't cheap out and measure one shot per drink and were of decent strength. Best part of the night...dancing next to Tera Patrick, even if she was at a table with Allen Thicke (how long ago were you relevant Dr. Seaver??) and Christopher McDonald (Shooter McGavin from Happy Gilmore, who eats pieces of sh!t like you for breakfast). Oh, and then Mr. McDonald elbows my girlfriend right in the ribs and couldn't even apologize, douche. It seemed as though the non-Hollywood patrons were more into being seen by others rather than having a good time. Will I ever step foot back into this club?? Only if I have been well-bribed or heavily drugged and dragged in. P.S. Hard to get into...not at all. Dress to impress, HA! There were people wearing  Coors' T-shirts and sneakers. There's nothing exclusive about it, they were letting everybody in on a Saturday, just at short random intervals to keep the the hype outside the club and control the population inside.
4	So bear in mind that this review was for the Friday night at the end of my "audition" rotation with UNSOM's chair fo surgery, a day of interviewing with each and every faculty on the department, and weeks of busting my ass getting up at 3 am... I was ready to party up huge and put some cash on the table, and Wisconsin D was visiting from Cali, so you know we were ready to  do it up big. Guys, just suck it up and go for bottle service - this is Vegas, and who wants to wait in line? Dave and I picked up a couple bottles and strolled in to our table on the transparent "terrace" above the dance floor. Service at our table was great (and how gorgeous was the girl taking care of us? Vegas gorgeous), as you'd expect for the money you're putting down. The music was fun, dancable, not so loud that we couldn't hold a quiet conversation with the ladies at the next table, and not so poppy as to be annoying. The ratio control was great, so Wisconsin D and I took full advantage of the VIP table, and we ultimately wound up leaving with the ladies with their own table across the terrace...Overall, a fun place to dance, chat up some gorgeous ladies, see some beautiful pageantry (the HUGE bottles of champagne, the artificial snow showers, etc etc) and generally get drunk as hell and get laid. had a great time blowing off steam and partying it up, but you have to come in with the expectation that it's cash on the table time - this is a bizarrely "class-ist" place, with those getting a table and bottles in one class, and the have-nots in another. My previous experiences coming here without a table have actually been alright, although in that case I avoid the super crowded dance floor and bee-line for either of the two bars. In this case, if you're looking to meet someone for a hook up (as I was on those nights), you will be dependant entirely on looking good and being razor-sharp on your game, as the ratio is much less forgiving. If you're a girl, of course, this doesn't matter as you'll probably get invited to someone's table and escorted to the private area by security. In summary, I would probably not come here without bottle service, as you'll just wait in line FOREVER unless you're a hot girl (obviously!) or know someone and have a hook up - although in this case, while you do avoid the line, you'd better be one predatory snake in the grass, because it's definitely "welcome to the jungle" time....
3	the music here sucks.  they played mission impossible twice.yeah..... mission impossible....however, the people watching is incredible.
5	I love this club!  It is definitely in my top three Vegas clubs.  VERY easy to get into if you're a girl. *HINT*  (for girls) walk by The Caramel Lounge in the Bellagio and if you're dressed up nice and classy someone will walk you right into The Bank.  On Thursdays and Fridays they have free drink wrist bands... which is great!If you're a guy I would suggest bottle service.  Especially if you're a local guy on Thursdays they have buy one get one bottle for industry.  Which is my FAVORITE night to go... to see all the hot bartenders of Vegas.
4	I had a sick time with my friends and us ladies got free Sky Vodka drinks all night, but  $19 for a buttery nipple?!?!  Yes, we did get our free vodka drinks, but without the promotion, we would have put a dent in our funds.  I'd give it 3.5 stars but I can't so I'll round up to 4. Good tip for the ladies and even the guys: get drinks at the Caramel Lounge, talk up the bouncer, and they'll walk you to the front of the line at Bank. Oh yeah, and the bartenders are hot!
5	This place is hot! Came here on a Sunday night w/ my girlfriends and we got in with no hassle. Very impressed with the clubs decor. In order to party here you definitely need "BANK" because drinks are really pricey. The music was awesome...they played mostly hip hop and house. Very good looking people everywhere...no drama!!! Waitresses were giving away free shots. Will definitely come back again!
3	They call it "The Bank" because it takes all your money and you will find yourself needing to GO to the bank... No joke.  Not kidding.  A vodka and red bull cost me $19... i told you I wasn't kidding.  And I don't even know how much it is to get it in because we got hooked up but I reckon it puts a dent in your pocket as well.  It's THAT bourgeois I guess.  But it's really nice inside!!  It gets super packed but the crowd is fun, not to mention HOT! I saw Terry Crews (the Big Black guy stalker in White Chicks) He was dancing on a platform kind of like the way he was in the movie, but with his shirt on!  They have foam they spray out onto the crowd.. Overall, it's cool, but unless you know how to work it to get free drinks, you might want to pass or at least pre-drink somewhere else.
3	Not the best, but by no means the worst.  I agree with whoever said that this place is called The Bank because you will feel like you just made a deposit after buying drinks.  Can we say $200 bar tab?
4	I LOVED this place! I walked in and thought to myself, WOW this is what a nightclub is SUPPOSED to look like! Drinks are hyper expensive! $19 for a redbull vodka is nuts! Ladies, use your feminine wiles to get some free drinks! Music was okay...with a HUGE variety. Still, it's a gorgeous venue with a great vibe! Expect it to be CROWDED!
4	Pro: Had a blast.  Got a table.  Drank a ton.  Our waitress was FANTASTIC!!!!!!  Con: Music was just OK.
3	so i came here sunday night with some high expectations... some were met and some were not. because of my connections me my friends and my gf were able to come here at about 1 am and get in for free and get ushered to our table (some friends of mine and an nfl football player got a table). the look of the club is pretty nice. nothing amazing (tryst as far as that goes looks wayyyyy better). one thing though is when you walk in to your right theres like 100 unopened bottles of Cristal lined on the wall. now thats ballin' lol.... bad part is the club is f'ing backed dude. watch out for your feet, face and shoulder on the dance floor cuz i guarantee you will get hit in one of those places hard at least once. its takes 30 mins to walk to one side. but the girls there are beautiful. my word they are. the cocktail wairesses... i mean damn... is there even a dress code for guys? i seen guys in there wearing baseball caps and sneakers so i dunno. If this club was not soo crowded it would have gotten 4 stars for sure. at around midnight they had a "golddigger" contest for women... pretty much they would drop fake dollar bills from the top balcony onto the dance floor, and you had to scoop up as many bills as you could within 30 mins... at the end they would weight your stack of bills and the winner would get $5,000 CASH... pretty sweet right? ya if it werent from 110 pound girls literally running over me lol. but i cant hate... it was like a mosh pit!
1	My two friends and I got free passes to The Bank and were super stoked.  Then we each got 3 free drink tickets which we were also stoked about.The environment seemed nice, dark and fun.However, after being there for awhile, we noticed the ambiance wasn't quite right. It had a really strange mix of people in the club and the music was just not upbeat enough. I was not feeling it.My heels were hurting my feet from dancing and walking all over Vegas, I took them off. Then, I got yelled at from some security guy working there to put my shoes back on. That was nice...After we each got a free drink (limited to simple drinks), we went up for round two. However, the free drink tickets ended at midnight. Soo... after already ordering a drink I said, oh well, I'll pay for it anyway. I ordered a red bull and vodka, ran my card through and went to sign the bill which was $19!!!! FOR ONE DRINK?!?! I mean I know Las Vegas is over priced but REALLY? I then refused to pay for the drink, especially since I originally thought it was going to be free. The barmaid told me i would have to leave or else they were going to call security.........I said, "Well we were planning on leaving anyway!"So we left.I would not recommend this place to anyone. Yeah its free to get in and you get free drinks till midnight, but who isn't drinking after midnight? It sounds like a ploy to get you drunk and then get you to spend way too much on drinks at a crappy club.
4	I liked this place! Maybe because I was drunk, maybe because there were bubbles when you got too hot, maybe it was hot dude I was dancing with . . . who knows! Go here. xxx C
3	This place gets 3 stars because its just okay. Great for sunday night if theres no other clubs open. Make sure you are on the guest list. This place is very pricy $9 for a Corona...absurd. The music is decent, they even play some 80's mixed in. But the prices they charge for the drinks makes this place a turnoff. I give the bank a 80/100.
3	The set up of this club reminded me of a highschool dance. It's just one big dance floor with a disco ball on top. You can walk around upstairs where the tables and bars are, but that's about it. Nothing out of the ordinary. They played really good music though. Another thing I liked about it was that we didn't have to wait in line and didn't have to pay cover. Good lookin' out for the ladies!
4	WHY I LOVE THE BANK NIGHTCLUB!Bellagio is THE OLD, GERIATRIC CASINO AND THE MOST BORING OF ALL TIME!  When we got there, the line is not a line...people stand outside the ropes and hope and pray they get picked to go in next.  THE MUSIC THEY PLAYED AT THE ENTRANCE HAD ME SO EXCITED I COULD'VE EXPLODED!  The Gods were shining on us and we got in FIRST!  Again, they honor the passes we got on the Street.  We had armbands to drink free until 12.   The bartender made some of the best damn drinks I had on this trip!  JUST AN AWESOME DUDE!  *check his pic in the gallery*  Tip him good and he will take DAMN GOOD CARE OF YOU!  By the time 12 rolled around...we were 6 cocktails down.  AND HAMMERED!!!  JUST DRUNK AS HELL!!  THE ONLY PLACE TO SIT WITHOUT BOTTLE SERVICE IS THE GLASS CRISTAL ROOM.  (until it gets crowded)  What it is...imagine all 4 walls were glass cases with bottles of Cristal, with just enough light so you can barely see what it is.  THAT SHIGGIDY WAS OFF THE DAMN CHAIN!!!!  You can sit there until bottle service spills over.WHY I HATED THE BANK NIGHTCLUBTHE MUSIC SUCKED!  IT WAS ALL UPTIGHT SUIT JACKETS BUYING BOTTLES AND STANDING AROUND.  It's more exclusive than all the other Vegas club.  THIS IS NOT WHERE YOU GO TO HAVE THE MOST FUN IN TOWN!  NO NO NO!  HELL...THE CHICKS WERENT EVEN THAT PRETTY!  We left after we got tore up...So, the bartender, the FINE MEN THEY HAVE WORKING THE DOOR, and the overall design saved this club from being the worst in town.  It has so much potential but fails to shine in a city with the best clubs in the world!  I would go back to get plastered!  Then go somewhere else. This place really deserves 3 stars BUTTTTTTT SINCE THEY TOOK SUCH GOOD CARE OF US...I UPGRADED THEM!
3	I'm going to say 3.25 stars on The Bank..Pros:- Really good music- They have bubbles that come down periodically during the night which is really pretty and cool-We didnt have to wait in line- Someone asked me if I worked there- We met some very nice people who made sure our drinks where taken care of for the evening and had somewhere to rest our weary heels- We danced our asses (and heels) offCons:-Its kind of small- The main dance floor gets ridiculously crowded. It makes me feel bad for the ppl who have tables in the middle.- Tables are fairly small-Not as many hot guys as I would have hoped for-My friend got attacked by an angry black woman who was trying to play the race card and got kicked out- Bought my first ever 19$ Vodka Redbull in the beginning of the night.  Thank god i didn't have to pay for another one.  It must be made with ice cubes imported from virgin streams in France.All in all we had a pretty good time here.  They played a bunch of jams and some old school rock too. Love it when they can mix it up like that!Good  shit.
2	This was the final nail in the coffin for LV partying.Seriously, this is considered the best of nightlife in LV??Negatives:Top 40s musicconfetti every 10 minutesevery loser with $200 can get inabout 1000 bouncerspositives:every loser with $200 can get in so getting drinks from them is easyapparently they people smoke up in the club if you tip the DJ (could be a negative, depending on your personal opinion)After a long weekend in LV I realized that its like one giant amateur night for partying. Sort of like New Years is everywhere else.
3	If there was 2.5 stars......So night two of the bday bash.....definitely a let down from the night before! Our VIP host from the night before (at Jet - go there!) was supposed to take care of our table over at The Bank for Sunday. Wow....that's weird, we're standing outside for 30 minutes...45 minutes....what's your name again? Can I see your ID? Who did you talk to? Boooo - Dave, what happened?! You were so awesome Saturday night!?!It was about two minutes to let's get outta here, when the VIP host at the front said no worries we can get you a table. All good, right?Oh, did I mention the table is in the hallway???????? Yes hallway, I thought people were going to try to check their coats with us. In the end, as I've mentioned before, Vegas, drinks and 15 friends, you are going to have a good time regardless but....I would have a good time elsewhere.
2	My husband and I met some friends up in Las Vegas this past weekend and we decided Saturday night was going to be our "club" night. Our friend really wanted to go to The Bank...this wasn't our first choice, but since he had traveled further than us, we obliged. We were all sorry we had wasted our time and money here.First, it's a clusterf*ck to get in. I've been to other clubs in LV and some are super organized with actual lines. Not The Bank. It's just a hoarde of people waiting to get picked to be let in pushing their way to the rope. Thankfully, I'm pushy so I worked my way up to the front, and since we had a 1 to 1 guy to girl ratio, we got in within 10 minutes of the club opening. When you get in, you go up the escalator and walk down a bit of a hallway to the bars and the main area. I quickly noticed a sign about a bar on the other side, so I directed my three companions to it. It was a great idea because not many people were over there (guess they missed the sign). Service the whole time we were at the club was super quick at that bar. Drinks were typical LV prices - $9 for beer and $14+ for mixed drinks.Now the main reason my husband and I like to go to clubs is to dance. Haha, good luck at The Bank. The dance floor is barely existant and was super crowded by 11:30. We gave up trying to dance and hung out upstairs along the railing for a little bit. The music left a lot to be desired - house to start and then crappy r&b and rap. Between the bad music and not being able to dance, we left The Bank about 90 minutes after we got in. There are much much better clubs in Las Vegas.
2	Personally I didn't like the Bank nightclub, not my type of scene. First of all, I don't like the fact that they don't have a situated line outside the club. Pretty much if you wanna get in quick, you gotta either be a b*tch and shove people out of your way, or go up to the bouncer, hand him some money and talk as if you're about to conduct a top secret drug trade.After finally getting into the bank, I was surprised to see how small the club was. It was SO small, dark, and crowded. Don't get me wrong, the decor was nice... But that was about it. Drinks were ridiculously expensive, $12 for a single shot... come on, i know this is vegas but that's just crazy. overall, the vibe of this club was just wrong. just like kara b. mentioned,  all i heard was top 40 music with no real mixing or anything. if i wanted to listen to that, i could just turn on the radio. and i was surprised a lot of people weren't really dancing. a lot of people were just standing around as if they were millionaires trying to look cool. anyhow, i was surprised since this club is inside bellagio, which is a real nice hotel. thank god we got in free.
3	tiny little club that looks more like a lounge.very nice and high class looking club within the bellagio.tiny little dance floor with crappy music....at least it wasn't crowded? ....
4	Yes, I paid $14 for a 5oz vodka cranberry at The Bank, is that why they named it that? Anyways....THIS was my type of club!Very swanky and not just the club itself, but also the people. Despite feeling like I was in L.A. the music was on point, the bartenders made their rounds in a timely matter and the setup was crazy cool. We didn't have to wait long which is always a plus when there's a HUGE mob of people outside. But that's probably because we're girls. If you're with boys, recognize that you are peasants and probably won't be let in for a while. I'd pick this club over PURE any day even though it was more expensive here. -1 star for the girl who was at a club ALONE complaining about people bumping into her and then decided she wanted to push my friend. This is VEGAS, if you don't want people bumping into you then try hitting up the casino, not a hoppin' club on a Saturday night. Peasant be gone!
4	I'm sorry, but anyone that complains about not being able to get a seat at a nightclub on a friday/saturday is delusional. If you're going to one of the great sit down, casual bars like maybe Commonwealth in Fullerton, or Basement in LB. Then yeah, not being able to find a seat may be an issue.But if you're in the Heartbeat of Las Vegas, or Downtown Los Angeles, Gaslamp San Diego, State Street Santa Barbara, Coronado San Fransisco, The Levy Cincinatti, Manhattan New York...(are you getting my point?) or any other metropolitan big city, you will NOT find readily available lounges. High end clubs must be gauged by specific standards. Quality of service, crowd, music, layout, amenities, ambiance. The Bank should be considered a prestige club. That if you do not A) have the money to burn [whether you're rich, or like the rest of us, you just saved up enough money to treat yourself to a great night in Vegas] B) Are super pretty with a bunch of super pretty friends or C) have any combination of A and B, then you will not have fun here. You don't HAVE TO BE RICH, but I think it's important to understand that a club like this requires preparation and an understanding of the pretense which surrounds such an establishment. Am I over-the-top-wealthy, hot shit? no, but Do I know how to prepare myself for a great night in Vegas? YES.Generally the Bank attracts great crowds, has great hosts and bartenders, high quality and attractive staff, GREAT Hip-Hop/Top 40 DJs (i will admit, for electronica heads this is NOT your place), and has an overall care for quality. I love the Bank. I've gotten bottle service here and thought the experience was top notch. I've been here and NOT gotten bottle service and still had an amazing time. But in the big clubs, the prestige clubs, the name of the game is pretense. it's unavoidable and must be understood, prepared for, and manipulated before you go. Play the game, and you'll have a great time.Be caught unaware and this place will eat you up, spit you out, and charge you 40 bucks in the process.
4	This place was fun. The drinks are most definitely expensive... pre-party or pay up. :)Dance floor was busy and fun. The people there were actually pretty classy overall and really fun dancers. People out having a good time everywhere. VIP areas are nice, spacious and the wait staff seemed to be on top of their game.
3	It is a really nice club, but they are super strict with who they let in. I did not like waiting in a big crowd of people to be hand chosen by the bouncers to be let in the club. It was nice though after I finally got in. The drinks are pretty expensive too, but I will go here again because of the nice ambiance.
4	I would probably give the bank 3.5 stars if I could. It's the coolest looking club that I saw while in Vegas (didn't get to go to Tao or Pure). It has multiple levels, lots of room for VIP, and has a bubble machine in the ceiling. Drinks are expensive but about the same prices are all of the other clubs. We did get 2 free shots from cocktail waitresses which helped save money. The dance floor is very small considering how large the club is but it made it seem like a huge party when we were down there dancing.
4	I really enjoyed The Bank! Thank you to Dave for hooking a bride to be and her 7 hot friends. You rock! Damn, a simple wave and smile can get the best for free :) Plus, we waited a whole 2 minutes to get to the door. AWESOME!!!Drinks are expensive, but that never surprises me in Vegas...however, what ever our friends ordered wasn't very good despite paying basically an arm & a leg for them.Once we found the dance floor - it was slamming. The music was off the hook and the crowd was cool. And you know the highlight: the guys were hecka respectful here. We danced and had fun and didn't run into those gross guys you see elsewhere.VIP area is fun...even more fun when you can sit in between songs especially with stillettos on.I definitely want to come back to The Bank!Cheers!
4	The Bank was a fun time! Anytime I don't wait in line or pay to get in, I have a great time!!!!!! I liked the escalators and the red lights on the way up to the club. The music was good, dancey, and just fun fun fun. I loved the walls around the club since they were easy to dance on and you weren't in everyone's way. When you're in the middle of the dancefloor you can be seen by everyone up top as well. You can pretty much see where everyone is so that was cool. We didn't lose anyone which is also a plus.What's the best thing? The girls were walking around giving away Washington Apple shots!!!!!! YES!!!!!!!!!!!!! MY drink!!!! I've heard it was pricey there for drinks but who knows. Ladies don't pay for drinks right? :)I had some shots, drinks, and beers. Danced to some top 40, hip hop, old school dance music, house, and some rock. Good crowd too! Everyone was pretty nice and the ladies were hot AND pretty chill. It was awesome! DRUNKAAAAAAARRRRRDDDDDDD.I also had to go out to get some more peeps and that wasn't an issue either. Got stamped, hit up my hook up, and got right back in. Nice!
3	Decor is awesome. Music is decent. Doormen are all pretty cool. My favorite thing in the nightclub was the foam that comes down from the ceiling every hour. Nice touch. Downsides were, of course, ridiculous drink prices, and bad seating for bottle service. All and all they treat me right when I'm in town so I'll keep coming.
4	Out of the 4 clubs I've been to in Vegas, The Bank is DEFINITELY my favorite! I'm not sure about the cover charge because we had passes. Anyone knows if you want passes, just walk up and down the strip during the day and you'll have at least 10 promoters begging you to take them lol. The doormen were pretty cool. The passes we had expired at midnight and we got there at 12:45 (after finding out that while Pure is pretty good on Saturday, on Sundays it's completely LAME).  I was with a group of 3 girls, all wearing tiny dresses and heels and all we had to do was whine to the bouncer and we got right in, in front of the long line which was pretty much made up of groups of guys, girls who weren't dressed very nice, and old people. The inside of this place is AMAZING, I was drunk out of my mind by the time I got there, but I remember that much lol. The dance floor is actually a few feet lower than the rest of the club and everyone in the bar can look down at you. The music was great...but then again I was pretty drunk, I could have been listening to polka music and I would have had a good time lol. The best part, hands down, was when foam came down from the ceiling. I liked it because it was super crowded but I still had room to move. There was was a VERY long line of people waiting to get in, but as long as you're in a group of all girls and you're all dressed really nicely (Vegas nicely = the shorter the dress, the better), you shouldn't have a problem. Drink prices shouldn't be a problem either because it's not very hard to get a guy to buy you a drink in Vegas lol. However, if you're a guy...you're pretty much screwed unless you're rolling in the dough...but then again, isn't that how it is everywhere in Vegas? P.s. The only bad part is that the drinks are INSANELY expensive! My friend bought a vodka sour in an itty bitty glass for 15 dollars. I expected the drinks to be expensive in Vegas but hot damn!
2	I just got back from this club and it was disappointing on a Sat night. The worst thing that I could not get over is the horrible music they were playing all night, songs like Jump Jump, The Jackson 5, and Sweet Home Alabama for crying out loud. Where is the Hip Hop? House music? I also got bottle service and the dance floor was so small that all these people were basically in our lap. What's the point of having a bouncer? All the staff were really nice and personable but they really need to get a better DJ. I thought I was in TJ at Senor Frogs. Much better clubs to go to in my opinion.
2	Ok so update.... Last time we where here we had table reservations. Had the table reservations confirmed with a special request for a particular table on the dance floor. Where told it shouldn't be a problem and then showed up there only to find out that (1) they were OVERBOOKED with table reservations and (2) we DEFINITELY would not be getting the table we had asked for.  Granted we had connections and where getting buy one get ones for the bottles but they initally had to  sit us in the stupid room thats right at the front entrance of the club until something else opened up. NO THANKYOU. We thankfully met these people who understood our situation and where kind enough to invite us and our bottles to there table by the dance floor.  Had a pretty decent time but the security guard who was watching the table was a complete DICK. He tried to kick my friend out repeatedly and did a HORRIBLE job of keeping this one drunk bitch out who was stalking my friend. No joke... she was hiding behind the wall until he wasnt looking and tried to sneak back in!!! Anyways, I feel that the Bank could have definitely handled things better and unfortunatly I highly doubt I will be back.... Definitely never again for bottle service.
4	Better than your average Vegas club. And yes, I am too old to be hanging out with all the beautiful people here, but we did it. And we stayed until LATE (for me that is past 1 a.m.). And we drank. And we SQUEEZED onto the dance floor. And we watched a pole dancing competition (these were no amateurs!!). And we caught $7 in the air that some crazy girl was throwing from the floor above the dancefloor. And we didn't pay since we were on the main guest list (our friends were staying at Bellagio). Overall, it was the people watching experience that sealed the deal for me. Drinks were pricey, but we just had a few (plus a couple free shots) and we didn't pay to get in, so it was actually cheaper than losing $$ gambling the night away. Good times!
1	I went with my bf and another couple. . .of course, me and my friend (being girls) got in with no wait. . .while the guys had to push their way in. . .the bouncers were only looking for the good looking people first. . .it always sucks for guys to get into a club in vegas. . .this club sucked ass. . .even though i got hooked up (thx CJ, u're d best!)drinks were hella expensive. . .we went here on a saturday night. . .but only stayed for an hour or so. . .the dance floor was hella small got crowed within the first 30 mins. . .it only deserved the one star b/c the decor was awesome. . .
1	This place gets one star for the decor. Nice, voyeuristic set up. But club promoters were super shady. If you're with a group of single ladies, be warned. They might try to whore you out to the mob. True story. It happened at The Bank.
1	Oh how I hate this place.  yes this is a bad review. I'm sorry. I don't like to do this, but i felt that I have to, for the sake of people that actually want to have fun in Vegas.    Waiting in line you would think the club was magnifico. It isnt. We are waiting in the promoter line we are about to get in, we ask how much the cover is for the guys. $40. ya no. We tell the boys we'll meet them at Pure or something, the bouncer laughs and tells us Pure is lame, whatever. We get in. We go up the escalator, I'm excited. We walk in, the cool music you hear coming from the escalator goes away and then you realize that crap you hear is what they are playing in the actual club. We think that maybe it was just a bad song choice, we walk in. It's pretty. The chandeliers the dance floor. Its nice. We get on the dance floor, we try to dance to the beyond shitty mix, we start to look around more and we see that there is a huge group of guys standing at the wall just watching the girls dance. It's a little creepy, a little weird, they are really close but not dancing only watching WTH? we shrug it off, turn our backs so we dont have to see them. And we try to dance. We really Tried. The music was so beyond bad. even the paid dancers looked like they were hating it. That is bad. the DJ insisted on playing songs that were so slow. So slow that your like how am i supposed to dance to this. We waited. And waited for even one good song. It never happened. After about 40 min of waiting it out, we leave. Yep. Left. The line is still huge outside the door, they are looking at us like "why are you leaving" we are so happy to get out of there. And then we wonder where to go next. As we decide if we should go to XS or meet the guys at Pure, we see this huge group of girls leave. I mean like 20-30 girls just leave. Trust me they were practically the only girls there, i know that once those girls left the girl line was let in entirely.  We hated it. I would never go back. The bouncers were assholes, the promoters weren't even nice, the dancers looked hungry and vacant, the DJ sucked. nope. never again.
2	Ghettooo...***  was the catch phrase when me & my partyjukus got Vip when one of the promoters spotted us walking through Belagio for my girl Plottie's 21st....we were club hopping all night in Vegas & decided to give this place a shot....we walk in as I was already a bit tipsy from the goose**blame it on the alcohol*** & we arrived the place was overly packed & there was no room to dance whatsoever..the crowd was a bit whack when I was there & from  what I remember there was a drunken foam party?? who knows but I know I wouldnt go back in there plus the music selection was lame...save your time...
5	I know Las Vegas too well. Only because I have been coming here since I was like eleven. I always trip off what stuff used to be. So on that note I havn't been to this club since like 2004 back when it used to be called  THE LIGHT. So the new decor is h3lla fly. It's real sexy . The only thing that is the same are the escalators up into the club. When we first arrived it was cool but in about one hour it was so crowded it was ridiculous. Would I go again ? H3LL2DAYEAH !!!!!!!!!!!!
5	We had a VIP table service on Friday of the week of memorial day. We had a group of 15 people. Everyone had the best time. Our waitress was Lian. Request her section. Everyone agreed that she made the night for us.
2	Cons:1) SOOOOO unorganized. They call the massive group of drunk people waiting around the entrance a line. Don't even bother getting on the guestlist..that won't help your cause. 2) Decor wasn't all that great..looked way nicer in pictures. I expected so much more since it's in the Bellagio. 3) Waaaaay too crowded. 4) Danity Kane album release party?? I think not. The only place I saw them was on the stupid poster in the front of the entrance. I don't even remember them playing a single DK song either, now that I think of it. 5) TOTAL BOOBFEST. Boobfests and cockfests aren't cool. Pros:There are no pros. Only reason I'm giving The Bank two stars is cuz I just don't have the heart to give any place one star.
3	The Bank is not for the faint of hearts, out-of-towners who can't party, sourpuss people who sit around in the club. The Bank is sexy, crazy fun, and I know that a night here will involve dancing my ass off not realizing it's 5 am by the time we reach our beds, kind of night. Ah, "Club Nights" are one of the reasons I love life. I've been to The Bank with two of the best tables in that bitch (next to us was Rampage Jackson the UFC fighter.)  I've had fun every minute in that club. It's a real Vegas staple. It's only after speaking with several other club promoters and bottle service people, encountering the entire range of customer service from moronic to outright mean that I realize how different it is at The Bank except for the bouncers who are all pieces of shit. It was like a breath of fresh air when we finally got to our table and our sweet cocktail waitress came out. Our server actually attempted to sell me using their 2 for 1 promotion rather giving me a long list of reasons why I shouldn't use them (this actually happened with other clubs.) After the quote and breaking down the numbers--particularly factoring in the level of competence of each club, I decided that everytime I go there I get right in, don't wait for 30 minutes when I'm paying thousands of dollars for a night of bliss. There is also foam (I call bubbles) and cold air that is poured over the hot dancing crowd every 20 mins. Holler. The Bank gives me the least amount of headache and always comes through for a night of big Vegas club fun.
2	Came here because we heard Leonardo Di Caprio was going.  Lol.  No sight.  I didn't really iike the DJ- cut the songs too short and not hype enough.  The space was small with lots of tables reserved for bottle service- so no where to sit at all when your feet hurt.  Nothing too special
3	Meh, pretty much your typical nightclub in Vegas. The people there were pretty fun. The table service was great. The music was nothing special at all, I greatly dislike hearing things I've heard 100s of times before at clubs. But if you like to party pretty hard you will have a fun time here. But you'd probably have equal fun at other clubs.
2	there wasnt a huge line outside but i dont remember light or bank ever having a line.  instead masses of people just crowd around the rope hoping their huge boobs or collagen lips will get the bouncers  attention.i think back in the day when it was called light the club only had one level?  i cant really remember.  now it has three.  a level with the bars and walkways.  then a level with the tables then the bottom with the dacefloor.  all three levels look onto each other though so they are more like balconies. it just so happened that audrina patridge was also here that night we stumbled in.  didnt see her though the bouncer said she rolled in with a bunch of girls.so my bf was wearing laceless converse chucks and they let him in.  and another guy in our group was also wearing sneakers but he didnt let him in.  weird discrimination thing.  inside tons of people were wearing sneakers.
2	I don't get it.  At all.I was here last fall.  We were just wandering around intoxicated and in jeans and sneakers - and walked by The Bank.  After some chit chatting with the bouncer - we were let in, despite our dress, not paying a cover and the fact that we didn't have any girls in our group.Evidently we were there on a slow night?When we got in - we were immediately impresesd by the wall full of Cristal.  Wooooooooo. Vegas, baby.As we made our way towards the bar - we were stopped by the world's most aggressive yet ugliest whores.  Maybe an ugly working girl has to be aggressive - but it was really weird - and actually made us sort of uncomfortable.  Way to go doorman - you let in ugly, poorly-behaved whores - and jeans and sneaker wearing idiots like ourselves.We did see Mike Tyson inside - in the midst of a feeding frenzy involving a cougar - which was pretty sweet.  That part was worth every penny of the zero dollar cover charge we paid.Otherwise - this place is exactly what you'd think it is.  Overpriced drinks.  Music.  Some pretty people.  A lot of people who think they're AWESOME for partying at The Bank.  I wouldn't be outraged about going back - but I am dumbfounded that people actually pay a huge cover charge to enter this place?
1	EFF This place.I go to Vegas every year with a big group of friends, and we have had some awesome experiences at so many great bars and clubs in Vegas...but this place is the ultimate in crap technology! If you are a guy...just do yourself a favor and walk. The bank does this really cute thing where they give you free passes to get in, as long as you get there by a certain time...then they keep you standing in line for literally hours- so that your free pass reaches its expiration time and you have to pay to get in. This is all going on while they let all the women have their own line that moves in constantly, while you stand still for two straight hours. Sound like fun? Oh it is! Best GD fun I ever had wasting my night! Haha. You might think..."That's great, Scottish guy! That means there's TONS of hot women in there!" Think again...Just because you see a lot of girls going in there, nothing stops the ratio from being any different than any other club. All the guys in line will get in at the same time as you. Really, it's the saddest attempt to lure guys into a club I've ever seen. Seriously, this place blows max goats. There's more- The drinks are insanely expensive! I asked for tap water because I didn't want to support these jerks any further...Tap water is free right? Wrong! They demanded 6 bucks! There's special place in trendy, cheap cologne-riddled hell for bastards of this caliber! Please, for the love of Christ...go to a place where you can actually enjoy yourself! If I can at least have the satisfaction of knowing that your night didn't suck, because my post stopped you from going here...my craptastic experience will at least have some meaning! Anyway, have fun!
1	If you're a dude, don't go to this place, unless you want to stand in line all night and be abused by the doormen.I was here 7/27/09.  Our party was one guy (me) and four girls.  We stood in what appeared to be a line.  The only people in line were men.  Then a doorman said we needed to stand in another line.  So we moved to that line.  Then another very rude bald doorman told us the new line wasn't a line and we wouldn't be getting in if we continued to stand there.This prick was such an unbelievable power-tripping bastard, every few minutes he would come over and tell our "line" to move, then move the velvet rope over an inch in our direction.  If anyone in the line brushed up against his precious rope, he'd tell them they need to move somewhere else.Somebody made the mistake of touching his arm as he walked by so as to ask him a question, and he snapped, "Don't do that!"  Needless to say, he didn't give them a chance to ask him a question.Some other couple had had enough of this Nazi and cussed him out to his face big-time and stormed off.  And all the other men-boy-sheep waiting to get in just stood there with dazed expressions.  People, exercise your rights as consumers and DO NOT patronize this establishment.  Don't be sheep!
2	Nothing impressive, even on the cheesy side. We thought it would be a nice place since it is located inside of Bellagio. Nope, it was a miss. Slow music with random crowd. The dance floor looked old and definitely needs some remodeling. The bartender was boorish and she refused to give me my free drink. She said unless I finish my drink I was holding in my hands she can't hand me another one. Like it was a hot drink (roll my eyes). If I really wanted to I could go downstairs to another bar stand and just request it from there but I didn't bother. I can afford my own drinks and second of all I didn't want to bother hanging at zombie party. The Bank left bad taste in my mouth.
2	Don't go here unless you have at least a grand to drop and don't mind being overcharged for a tiny ass "club." They cram the place and take advantage people trying to get in. You'd be better off spending that kind of money at a real club in Vegas, not a second-rate one.
1	First off my husband and I wanted to go dancing somewhere FUN in Vegas.  We decide to call the front desk and check to see where would be the place for us.  She said THE BANK!  Ok?  So we get there and the place has NO real line.  Everyone is looking around wondering if they are in line or what.   WHICH IS SUPER  SUPER ANNOYING!!!!!!!!!!  NOT COOL!  Then when we get to the FRONT of this no line....line the super cocky guy at the front looks at us like?  WHAT?  He asks us how many in our party.  Before this I see him sending people away if they are groups of guys......=( WHATEVER?  He tells them he is letting in one guy one girl and they just need to get lost.  OK?  So I am thinking my hubby and I are good.  He lets us in after a long wait.  WHATEVER?  I think he thinks his shit don't stink or something?  The dancing was fun but not 30 bucks a person fun.  I felt bad for dragging my husband out who doesn't really love to dance and paying $60 bucks just to get in..........=(  This club isn't worth it at all.  They make you feel like you have to be a group of girls to come in and if you are a group of guys on a Friday or Saturday night you have to pay for a SUPER expensive table or you're not getting in.  GROUP OF GUYS: DO NOT COME HERE  GROUP OF GIRLS:  YOU'RE GOOD COUPLES: NOT A GOOD IDEA
3	I would give The Bank a 3.5. I would recommend this place if you don't feel like going "ALL out clubbing" and making your way to Tao or Pure.  Because my coworker and I were guests at the Bellagio we were escorted in without waiting AT ALL.  The dance floor is rather small and the decor isn't really anything special.  And there wasn't a cool, funky bathroom either. The drinks are expensive (around $15) but the DJ played good music - a nice blend of R&B, Top 20, Journey, etc etc. and it had a nice mixed crowd.
4	Love the fact that this night club is SOOO clean!!! Wow the toilet in the womans restroom is actually spotless and there's no nasty drips all over the seat (unlike TAO). Every time someone spills a drink...the guys are there to clean it up with the quickness. So no need to worry about nasty drink stains on your shoes or elbows. You do have to be in the mood for some of the music though...so drink up...get a good buzz and you'll be just fine =)
1	This place was totally lame. We got there 30 minutes before it opened. There were 5 girls and 3 guys in our group  (bachelorette party) so we expected to get in pretty quick.  Each guy was going to have to pay $40 to get in, which was a "reduced rate" by the way, and instead of standing in line like most clubs we were told to make a big "clump" of people around the entrance. I wish the fire Marshall was there because there were 300+ people all stuck in-between the slot machines and poker tables as we waited. We stood there for 2 hours while a little man with big hair decided who was eligible to enter the club; bastard. We left and went to Diablos down the street where the band was awesome and the drinks were cheap. Diablos is the best! The Bank sucks, and costs too much.
1	Big mistake if you hit up this club.  I understand they try to cater to the general public but I just didn't feel the music and the bouncers are a bunch of pricks.  One of the bouncers had us waiting at the front of the line for a whole hour before letting us in.  During that time, he told us to tuck in our shirts while everyone else had their shirts untucked.  I ordered my usual Bacardi and Diet Coke and it costed me $14 a cup.  Good thing I smuggled in my own Bacardi for the first few drinks but even for just a glass of soda will cost you $6.  What a ripoff for a piece of crap club that looks just like any other club you can find in a small town.  If you wanna hit up a club in Vegas, don't go to this one.  You will be disappointed.
1	how disappointing!The dancers are in cheesy lingerie and only 2 are wiggling in the middle of the club.The setup is not nice compared to the way they advertise it.I see A BUNCH OF PEOPLE waiting outside and when I get in there's like barely people and its boring as well.They need to rethink some things for this club. starting with LET THE PEOPLE IN. haha. Drinks are weak sauce too for the price you pay.Save yourself some time. Just because you're at a great expensive snazzy hotel. IT DOES NOT MEAN THEIR NIGHTCLUB IS GOOD!
3	The Bellagio is known for top-shelf however they missed the mark on this one (don't worry they still charge you as if the nailed it).  The door is missed managed, the guys running it our unorganized and I saw a couple of people get in with flip flops.  Inside the layout is cool, but a little too dark.  There is plenty of VIP seating, but I guess the VIPs didn't show up the night I was there.
4	Went here for my birthday this past weekend and had a great time!It was industry night plus there was a tattoo convention in town. Needless to say the crowd was super hot!The decor is chic, very Vegas, but unlike any other Vegas nightclub I have been in. The VIP girls are hot and friendly, and there is no line for the bathroom.  That is as good as it gets when it comes to night clubs!The huge downer, drinks are seriously like $20 for a sky & cranberry.We had a couple of bottles so we were not really effects by the price. however I doubt I would ever go here for just drinks after finding that out. I know its Vegas, but seriously that is just plain crazy, and everyone who pays that is just plan crazy!
4	Table service on a Saturday night for my cousins bachelor party, couldn't have picked a better spot.  Great lighting, GREAT MUSIC, great service.  Bottles were outrageously expensive, but split among the rest of the group it was worth not standing in line and having a place to sit.
2	Got into the bank because we found "golden tickets" on the floor of the bellagio.Got to the front of the line because we were a group of all girls.  Got in free, got a drink when we got in $30 for 2 drinks, the usual.Older music was playing, the crowd didn't look into it, and really nothing special about this club.  I would not go back, you will find MUCH bigger, better, and more glamorous clubs in Las Vegas.
2	My friend and I got a free pass to get into this place "golden ticket". As I'm waiting to get in. There isn't a line. Mobs of people all over the place. So you don't know if your getting in or not. The music that they were playing outside of the club was great music. So after my 45min waiting around I finally got in the club. Thanks to these other 4 guys that got us in. Saying that we were in their party. So much for a "free pass"to get in when you have to wait forever to get in the place. So we get in and the music changes to old school music. BUMMER! The dance floor is tiny!! So after of trying to dance on the dance floor we went to go get drinks. OMG, can I say what a rip off!!! I order Redbull Vodka and water. My bill came up to $26.00. They charged me $7.00 for a 3oz water and $14.00 for the Skyy vodka and $5.00 for the redbull. I didn't even get the rest of the redbull in the can!!!  If your not loosing money in the slot machines your loosing tons in this club!!! Not worth the wait or drinks!!! Not coming here again........
4	This place is tops for a good smaller hip hop club in vegas. Got a table for Halloween 2008 and the staff was great, service was amazing from the table girl to the bar back to the security guard that cleared people that lingered and ushered numerous groups of girls to our table. Their costume contest is great, everyone dresses up and constumes go all out. Highly recommend
3	I think coming to this club was the one mistake we made this weekend, amplified by the fact that we could've gone to XS instead of the Bank on that night.  Oh wells.We came here on a Sunday night, and I thought that we'd arrived on Senior Citizens Night or something.  Okay, sorry, that's an exaggeration and not a fair assessment at all, I guess the correct way of putting it is: the crowd was very mixed.  I'll try to be fair right now.  Here we goes:Pros:+ It's at the Bellagio, which is my favorite place in Vegas.+ No cover for ladies, and they always pass out those comp ladies passes like someone giving away free candy.  + Easy to get in - if you're a girl.+ They play a lot of different kinds of music, from 80s, to 90s, to mainstream rap and hip hop, and house, etc.  Cons: - It looks very pedestrian for a club.  Especially for a club in Vegas.- Very bad transitions between songs; left us standing there confused many times.- Mixed crowd. This could be a good or bad thing depending on who you are, but for me personally (I'm 24), when I see groups of people who could be your momma or your poppa, then it's time for me to leave as fast as I can.  But hey, I guess mommas and poppas need clubs too, right?  So, it's a good thing for them, they should have fun too.  This club attracts the same kinds of people who would be able to afford to stay at the Bellagio in the first place - an older crowd.  I just wish we'd known that before.Overall, I had a good time because I always have fun when I'm just dancing with friends; however, when I think about the fact that we were on the guest list for XS that night and didn't go there instead, that makes me say BOO!  Part of the reason was because XS is at Encore, all the way on the north end of the strip, and Bellagio is dead center on the strip, and we just didn't want to walk that far.If you're the type of person who can have fun anywhere she goes, who just likes dancing and singing, then you'll have fun.  If you're more into the ambiance or feel of a place and would prefer a younger crowd, then I'd suggest Tryst or XS.  But anyway, the club's decent, though I can say for certain that I won't be back.  BUT.I still had fun. No major regrets. And really, that's all that matters to me.
1	The  staff here are A$$H0LE$ and extremely unorganized. I went here for the Halloween Costume Party. We bought our tickets online for this event. When my group of friends and myself arrived here, it was a complete zoo. The promoters were not acknowledging that we paid for our tickets online. The bouncers did not care or give a shit. People were cutting and shoving in line. At one point after standing in line for so long being shoved and pushed by so many people I felt like I was going to pass out from lack of oxygen,body heat, and claustrophobia. My bf asked the bouncer if I could stand on the other side by the door to get some air. He refused to let even after my bf explained the situation and told my bf that I would lose my spot in line even if he was still in line. Talk about not giving a shit about people. What topped everything off was that we paid more than what admission was at the door and that wasnt even enough to get us in. The f*%$#n promoters couldnt even get their shit straight when promoting for this pathetic club. My friend finally convinced the bouncer that we would give him $10 more a head if he got our group of friends in. What a complete waste of our $$. The club was extremely small and no air was even on. The bouncers here like to show that they have power and will go to every extent to excercise it. One of my gfs made friends with some of the people who had VIP areas by the dance floor. They told us we could sit in their area when our feet was hurting. Right when my gf sits down the bouncer made her get up and threatened to kick her out even after we told them the people there said it was ok and they confirmed it too. What a douche. Oh and the drinks? $19 for a SKYY vodka Redbull. We left this shit hole at 1am. We only stayed because we paid so much to get in. They only get one star because of their DJ. If you really want the whole clubbing experience go to XS at ENCORE. Best Club EVER!
4	I really liked the stadium style set up of the bank, and the sound system was pretty solid as well, coupled with a decently sized dance floor, this spot is pretty fun.Only downside I saw was the rum and cokes (Aka nectar of the gods) were a bit watered down, but that's as easy as changing the syrup in the soda tap....I'd visit the bank again.
4	Nightclubs at Vegas have major competition because there are so many to pick from. I came here to celebrate Zeela D's birthday and it was so much fun.Bank Nightclub is located inside Bellagio, last time I was in Vegas this place was called "The Light" ... Oh Vegas, it's been too long and I'm sorry for staying away for that long. Bank is pretty standard. The dance floor isn't too bad, I've been to smaller ones. We got some free passes, here's the thing...if you are a pretty lady, and you see some guys wearing suits holding a stack of passes, just go up to them and whisper "the turkey has left the coup" and he'll give you a pass and you'll get to get in for free and not even wait in a line!! trust me, it works! *wink, wink*Anyhoo...drinks here are ridiculously expensive...I spent a good $80 just on drinks. One beer and one water and tip = $20!!! Crazy! I suggest you get toasty elsewhere and then come here. The bar was never crowded, everytime I went up to get a drink there was no line. I guess cause the drinks are so expensive. So here was my highlight of the night: ~~~drumroll~~~I'm dancing and I look over at a man who looks just like Bobby Flay, who's dancing away. I tell my girlfriends and they all agree that it's Bobby, so we say "Go Bobby! Go Bobby! Shake that bootie" He sort of looks over and smiles. So I go up to him : Me: Are you Bobby Flay??Bobby: Smiles and nodsMe: ARE YOU READY FOR A THROWDOWN!!!!!!!Bobby: Smiles and laughsThen he's gracious enough to take a picture with some drunk fans. 5 stars for the Bobby Flay experience...then to leave the club you take an elevator up...guess who came into the elevator with us??  Bobby...he's such a stalker!! All together I'm giving this place 3.5 stars. Minus one star for the expensive drinks and 0.5 star off for the DJ, I could have done better with my playlist on my ipod.
2	Bank? HA! More like "Heist". Drink prices are ridiculous. A friend bought a round for 4 of us and it came out to like $75. Yet another reason why I love Honolulu. I could have totally got...like..18 drinks for that. EIGHTEEN I tell you!!Only good thing was the DJ - rocked all the jams circa late 1990's. Don't be lured in by the fancy schmancy gentleman who approaches you in the casino, offering you free ushered in entry to Bank. Sure, you'll get in free. Sure, you won't have to wait in line. But you will get BURGLED at the bar!!Go gamble a few hands and snag some free drinks from the cocktail waitress instead.
3	I liked the layout of The Bank and the promoters who work here are bomb. The Bank is probably the one decent nightclub that passes out free admission passes to everyone like no other..seriously! I see these promoters day and night.We were also really lucky...our promoter person texted us right before it opened and offered us comp drinks at Caramel lounge right across and then walked us right into the Bank. I'm sure this is pretty easy  if you're with a group of ladiesThe downside? The $6 coatcheck was even more than Lavo and the dance floor was really hard to get through and find a spot to dance in...The dancefloor is basically on the bottom floor, surrounded by all the tables . Also...the security people inside are the most strict I've seen about keeping isles clear..and stuff like that.
5	A group of friends and I ordered bottle service last Friday night and it will be a night I remember for a very long time!After going to many of the clubs in Vegas and observing their bottle service layouts, this has to be one of the best.  The VIP area is recessed below the main club and slightly above the dance floor.  It's roped off so you're not bothered by everyone keeping a sense of exclusivity while also putting you in the middle of everything - a combination that the other clubs didn't seem to pull off as well.The service itself was top-notch.  Our hostess was friendly and attentive without being overbearing.  The highlight of our service experience had to be the gentlemen that was assigned to our area to assist our hostess.  I've never been here before and asked where the bathroom was.  He escorted me to the bathroom with a flashlight moving me through the crowd and I felt like a rock star.  When I came out of the bathroom he was there to take me back!  This went on all night for all of us and it was extremely helpful.  Reaching for a cigarette and being greeted by a lighter was also the norm.  I really can't say enough about the service - we all mentioned we wouldn't hesitate to order bottles here again and that's really saying something with all the options Vegas has to offer.  To all the reviewers moaning about drink prices and such - you do realize you're in Vegas?  Stop gazing at your receipt like a 90 year old lady at the super market and live a little :)
4	I would say that The Bank is one of the nicest clubs I've been to. Being located in the Bellagio, you should already expect that it's not going to be too bad.At the entrance, you have to go up escalators to get to the club. The dance area is actually not too big, and tables are surrounding it. When I went with my girl-friend, it was pretty jam-packed. We didn't really have a place to stand so just hung out near the sides, but the environment is definitely pretty nice.Their promoters are also really cool. If you look good enough during the day, they might even give you a free VIP pass, inviting you to go to caramel lounge first for a free round of shots, then walk you over to the club. Really good service, so ladies...look your best! =)
5	The Concierge at the Paris Hotel Recommended this place to me after I was informed that Haze's GM was not interested in my business and party. I arrived at the The Bank in the Bellagio around 10:30. as I walked towards the door, immediately one of the security made eye contact and asked me if I was on the guest list. We checked, but I wasn't, and I told him it was no problem because I was going to meet with someone there. The person who helped set this evening for me was excellent. My group of 10 had VIP service, from the door all the way to our seating area. We had bottle service, and I got to pick the best location in the club, right in front of the dance floor. Now, the good part comes from here. The section I sat in was not roped off, infact because I was so close to the dance floor they had special security who would walk back and forth to ensure that no one comes into your private party. His name was "Chris" He did an excellent job at making us feel like we had a private party but were not caged like rare animals. Now, the even better part, every single waiter, waitress, host, and bouncer that was assigned to my area came and greeted me and my group personally to introduce themselves. There is no way to get lost in the club like this. I was very impressed at their well trained customer service oriented demeanor. The GM here has a well trained staff that upholds the standard that the Bellagio is expected to have. Do I recommend this club? Absolutely! Do I recommend paying for bottle service? YES I DO. In life, you get what you pay for, and I got 5 star treatment. I've experienced other clubs on the strips, and some people like it dirty grimy, busy, and bouncing, but I like it classy, and the feel of my own private party. I personally think that a club with a staff that can make anyone feel like they've just walked down the red carpet is worth a review and worth the time and money for. So if you've been in vegas and partied like a wild animal and ready for some class and some real good service, this is the place to go and be. The hostess is beautiful, the bouncer, security is top notch, and the sharp men in suits standing out front are not only good looking, but they are there to give you a sense of authority that they know what their doing. If you get bottle service, it will be worth your money. If you do not, they are still a very high class staff with experience. I could never think anything less of their performance. They are not the "standard" club, they HAVE STANDARDS and they HAVE SET THE STANDARDS from what I will expect from any club in Vegas. However, I've already experienced Pure, Tao, and a few other clubs and although their decor might be quite exotic, their customer service is not comparable. Their staff is not seasoned enough to perform like this place. And the Hostess really go out of their way to serve their drinks at your table. Bottle service here is excellent. The concierge mentioned to me "it is the most upscale club in Vegas" and she was correct. Remember that the personalized service was what sold my Christmas experience here. Finally another important detail is that the GM is accessible. A business that has a face to it is important, but even more important is the staff that represents their leader did an excellent job letting everyone know. A quote from one of my executive host about the GM "The GM will say the same thing"... and this tells me that the team and support that they have working together works with one mind.
3	Swanky... but very overpriced and the crowd was extremely snooty and unfriendly. I stopped by for a couple of drinks because we had free passes as hotel guests at the Bellagio. I'm not a fan of Vegas in general -- I'm sure there's a certain crowd that loves places like this (it was very busy, after all).
3	The Light Group are pros and whether it's David Christian or anyone else on the team, I've never heard them spin a bad set. But if Justin Timberlake and Andy Sandberg were acting like jerks here, they'd be dicks in a box, because this place is basically a small box. And it's hard for a box to compete with ultra-lux poolside nightclubs like Tao and XS.*** in LV, but would be  **** in NY or Miami and ***** anywhere else in the U.S.
4	My friends and I were given passes while we were on the way there. We arrived at the The Bank in the Bellagio around 10:30 and got in after about 5 minutes.The bouncer and rest of the staff were professional and nice for the most part. I liked the layout of the club, though it got really cramped at the dance floor, and drinks were spilled and sometimes dropped, leaving shattered glass (but that was usually cleaned up right away).But I'm taking off 1 star because one of the bottle service guys scratched my arm while on his way to a table.
2	This wasn't the first time I had been here, I was actually here for the Sema party a couple of months ago. It was a lot more chill than that night, but one thing was still the same... They have the worst DJ. At one point I felt sorry for him and the thought of throwing something at him crossed my mind a couple of times during his reign at the turn tables. I remember coming here when it was called The Light and thought the same about the DJ then as well. A club without a good DJ is like a Club Sandwich without bacon... It's just not a club.
2	With my brother getting married and being a club person, we decided to go to the Bank Nightclub as part of his Las Vegas Bachelor Party.  The best way I can describe my club experience with the Bank Nightclub is a hate-love relationship.  The club itself I would say is ok but on the small side.  It's one of the smaller clubs I've been too in Las Vegas and probably holds about 700 people comfortably, but like most clubs they try to get as many people in (like this night) and people were packed in their like sardines.  We did pay for the VIP treatment, and boy did we pay.  The seats that we got was about $4K including bottle service.  No that is not a typo - $4K or a little more than $200 per person.  So what does $4K get you - gets you a table that you and your buddy have to squeeze into and I believe about 6 bottles.  The person who set this up also got us a "host" who hooked up the whole thing.  The only thing our "host" did for the night, was get us front of the line pass.  Other than that, the guy was hanging out, drinking, and to add insult to injury, we also ended up paying for his buddy and he also found two ladies (not for us) but for him and his buddy to hit on while all 4 of them drank our booze.The place is suppose to be upscale, but to be honest, I just didn't see.  I've been to nicer clubs and while this place charges an arm and leg, it really doesn't deliver.  The only saving grace is that some of the other guys seemed to have a goodtime.  But even then, the night was a mixed bag.  Some guys seemed to have a good time and other guys were like me and said WTF I just dropped $200 on that, and the rest were kind of like eh whatever.If I had to do it all over again, honestly, I think The Bank is overhyped and under delivered.  I wouldn't go back again and would give them 2 stars.
4	Reason #6,537 to love Yelp:An incredibly gracious Las Vegas Yelper hooked me up on "the list" for The Bank at the last second during a recent girls' trip to Vegas.  I've never strolled to the front of the line before and been ushered into a club like that.  OK, so I felt like kind of a jerk cutting the line, but I was also grateful not to have to stand outside in line for a long time in heels when we arrived at 10 pm on our first and only night in Vegas (it was midnight at home).The place was packed to the gills.  We got a little jostled by drunken, enthusiastic dancers at first, but later found a good spot and a good groove and met some cool peeps (also drunken, but less jostley).  In summary:- Am-A-zing people watching - Throbbing beats that kept us dancing for hours (kudos to a DJ who can mix Neil Diamond in such a way that nobody misses a beat)- Hot, scantily clad dancers employed by the club (see: amazing people watching)- Really, really on-top-of-things staff.  Empty glasses were cleared within seconds of my finishing the last sip.  When another patron dropped a glass and broke it to smithereens, somebody was there to sweep it up immediately.Yes, the drinks are ridiculously priced ($14 for a well drink).  Just snag some passes and wristbands from one of the gazillion club hawkers kicking around the Strip and you can get some free champagne AND get your cover waived and you'll have plenty of money left over for cocktails.If you're looking to capitalize on the Las Vegas scene, The Bank is worth your investment.
3	if you can get in for free somehow, that's the way to go. otherwise, i'm over it. and don't even get me started on the drink prices. other than that, we always have a great time dancing the night away here.
4	This is the only club I've been to in Vegas where I always see Celebs... From Mike Tyson, to half of the Colts Offense, to Pauly Shore... Odd since I only come here on Sundays.Since lines and expensive drinks and bottle service are the norm I can't knock Bank for that... Good music, good drinks, and always a good time from what I remember.
3	good music, get a table - do it,great dancers, annoying bouncers, short skirts, small shirts,weak drinks, too loud to think,nice dance floor, escorts galore,not even dawn, people starting to yawn,hit the sack, don't think i'll be back
3	This place attracts an older crowd, and its layout is very much like Moon and Pure where there's a big rectangular dance floor in the middle with tables and a walkway around it. Nothing special, but it is a good place to chill when you want to avoid crowds. They're really really strict about people throwing up in the bathrooms btw hahah when we went my friend got kicked out even though he had a table.
1	This place is as dead as it was when it was "Light".  It terrible how most of these small club s are now filled with mom's and dads and grandmas  =/
4	Entering the Bellagio, we were handed a free ladies pass and reduced mens admission. Seeing as I'm not in any shape to be cutting lines and sweet-talking the door dudes, the reduced rate with no hassle was a plus. On the smallish side as far as Vegas clubs go, The Bank has a dance floor below with multiple bars up top. Music was mixed amazingly well: the perfect balance of the current stuff with quick transitions of old ones that you'll scream to. Drinks are expensive, but that's to be expected (a Ketel-Soda and a Bud Light topped out at $25). Enough room to move around and no line for the bathroom! Just a note as you leave... we stood in a gaggle of people behind a large man that we assumed to be responsible for calling the exit elevator. Turns out he was just a drunk guy trying to hold himself up against the nearest vertical surface. Moral of the story: don't be afraid to go hit the 'down' button, even if someone appears to be in charge. I danced my ass off at The Bank. You won't feel like the "old guy (or gal) in the club" and you won't have to stand in line for ages. That's all I need.
1	Too small for a Vegas club.  I thought I was clubbing in LA. I like the disco theme though.  There were gogo dancers wearing sexy disco gear with afros. Quite cute. The girls and I weren't feeling the ambiance so we hopped to another club. So should you.
2	Really not feeling this place. Music is ok, dance floor is so so, pretty small. Had bottle service over here and the waitress kept coming by and topping off our drinks trying to get us out of there as quick as possible. They do this at every club in Vegas but at this one the waitress was a little on the rude side. It's the only club I been to in Vegas where we had bottle service and did not enjoy it.  The music wasn't all that great either. It's pretty small for Vegas club too.  Never went back!
1	Five minutes after riding the escalator up into The Bank, I'm clutching a $14 vodka tonic and half-heartedly dancing next to someone who honestly could have been my mother and all I could think is "How did I get sucked in to going to the Bellagio AGAIN?" This whole place is the antithesis of fun for anyone under the age of 35, and honestly one of the least rewarding choices to gamble or club at in Vegas.The club itself is a danger for people with epilepsy, the flashing lights are enough to make a strobe light blush. As for celebrity sightings, good luck, it's wall to wall with people and the guy next to me could have been Shia Lebouf but there is NO way I would have known. Even the bottle service people looked crammed in to their little booths.You get the feeling like you're in an old-fashioned underground boxing arena, with all the people dancing down in the middle of this pit, while barflowers and people looking to capitalize on their bets look down from balconies above.We girls went in first, our guy friends were texting us to see if it was worth it to pay the cover and come up. At that point, my 22-year-old sister was dancing next to a woman that honestly could have had children in college herself, and was dancing a la my experience as an 18 year old in Panama City Beach. Club FAIL. I quickly texted back "No way" and we beelined it to XS. This place was equally weak when it was Light. Save your money for XS or Body English, unless an older crowd and a packed weird mall-like layout is your thing. The ONLY way to go here would be with an all girl group, snag those "Ladies Golden Ticket" passes, and impress the googly-eyed bouncer to jump the line. Of course, you will want to be sufficiently liquored up for once you get into the club, so make sure you walk that perfect line of tipsy but classy until you get in.
3	ok, this place is smallthis place is pretty damn awesome if it were in l.a.but vegas??kinda thought they would go all out!but i still had funhowever, they people i was with, did provide some high end bottle service so i guess i am reviewing from a different perspective.i would usually be by the bar closest to the dance floor,but i guess to really enjoy this club, you have to do the tables.the music, ,.... not badit leans more on the girls yelling "thats my song!!!! we gotta dance""and every few minutes they'll throw in  that "i haven't  heard that jam in  minute!" when they just played baby got back or poison....but every now and then.. they'll actually play a song that you'll really fall into and feel like you were in some nolstagic 90's moment. and that fun.i went from dancing to tribe called quest to the theme from  fresh prince!and it even  snowed bubbles in there!!i felt like such a princess!! i mean prince!kinda pricey i guess, i dunno i didn't spent anything that nightbut looks priceythey people were cool. ( our servers were hot!! i couldn't even keep my girl off of them!)if you can.. i'd suggest table service.
5	So true, best on a Sunday night. The Bank? Yes please.Despite being a rather small club in Vegas, this place delivers and so far, I've always had fun here. People are cool, minus the security dudes touching my back because they're trying to get through the crowd. Dudes controlling guest list and line are cool and not total jerks like at some other clubs. The DJ's play hip/hop and really know how to get the crowd hyped. And there was a new lil feature they've added...foam bubbles...all up in my hair!
2	I went here once when it was Light back in 2002-ish and it sucked.  Then, revisited it as The Bank in 2008.  The club itself is nice but small.  Decorated with a lavish decor.  The doormen and bartenders are friendly.  It doesn't take too long to get a drink.  The prices are average for a Vegas club.  The music is typical.  The crowd is mixed.  Everything from early 20s to late 40s and all ethnicities.  It was hot as hell in here though.  Turn up the AC!    The one time I went here I had fun but I wouldn't go again my group wanted to go and I was getting in for free.  I wouldn't pay to get in here.
5	After talking to one of my limo contacts, he told me he could get me into The Bank with a one bottle minimum for the 4 of us. Sure enough, an hour later, I get a voice message from the manager (Norman) asking me to call him back. I called him back when I got off the casino floor and I just got a good vibe from him off one conversation. He wasn't the cocky/pushy type that I usually come across when I'm trying to make reservations for bottle service to places. He told me he would accommodate my requests and put us at a nice table since my party and I have never been here before. Gave me his personal cell phone number and told me to call him as soon as we got infront. My phone then rang about 3 more times from other people confirming our reservation, VIP services to say "Thank You", etc.As soon as we got infront, we saw a huge line on both sides...of course girls were getting in with no problems, so I shot Norman a text. One minute later, he comes up to me asking me if I was Jason... We chit chat for a bit and he walks us to the very front of the line. His VIP hosts then escorts us to our table that over looks the dance floor and his staff understood our agreement with the one bottle minimum! From there, all the staff in our area came up to us and personally introduced themselves and let us know that they were there to serve us. The alcohol selection was nice and typical in costs. One thing that all of us noticed was how fast and friendly the staff was. Our drinks were usually poured for us every time, fresh juices/mixers came out about every 15 minutes, ice replenished, napkins and straws picked up, etc. This was the FIRST time my party and I have received this much attention when doing bottle service ANYWHERE in the bay area and Vegas!The music was top 40 mixed to club/house beats and the crowd was a mixture of old, young, and of every race. We had no expectations coming to this club, but we left with a huge grin on our faces and a good buzz! We simply had a blast here!!!! Highly recommended!
4	Who knew there were so many hot beats to dance too? Have you even been in the situation where you are at a club and need to pee, so you decide to head to the bathroom at the next "bad song"? Well, I really had to go to the bathroom to pee, and I kept waiting for the next bad song, but it NEVER CAME.  "omg!! I loooove this song, let's pee at the next song..." "omg!! I loooove this song, let's pee at the next song" rince and repeat. By the end of the night, I realized I never made it to the bathroom.. or if I did, I don't remember. I love the layout of this place, a spacious dance floor, an elevated VIP section/dance floor, and another elevated section where a bar is located on either side. There are many places to dance - either on the dance floor, or overlooking the dance floor from the VIP section or bar.
1	Me and my friends decided to come here on a saturday night and had this golden ticket, just so you know this golden ticket is only for the ladies so take advantage of this! Anyway I was here in January so granted not many people were here so we were upgraded to free bottle service. Inside the club it was rather small, with the dance floor a little below where the bottle service tables were at. The bathrooms were small too, so chances are you might have to make a line if it gets too crowded. That's pretty much of the place I remember due to me getting horribly sick, making me wonder if one of the waiters slipped something in my drinks. I might as well mention that the waitress near us was being sort of like our best friend and taking straight vodka shots, seriously I know we got it for free, but she's supposed to not be doing stuff like that, it's rather creepy! This place is rather shady I don't think I will ever be coming here again EVER.
1	The Bank is a horribly run nightclub. The door is completely disorganized both times I have been there. It reminds me of a bad mosh pit. We were staying at the Bellagio and had  VIP passes from the concierge, who told us we would be able to walk right in. Well, the guys told us at the door that we still had to stand in the general admission area. I say area because the only line is for bottle service and if your name is on the girl list. Once inside up the escalator ,it really doesn't get any better. The dance floor was ridiculously crowded. I had two drinks spilled on me. I was groped by some nasty guy. It was a truly horrible experience.
4	I would give it a 3.5 if I could. The only reason I'm giving it 4 instead of 3 is because I called early in the day to get my name on the guestlist, and once I got through the crowd to the bouncer and got my friends  (3 guys, 5 girls) through, both guys and girls got in FREE! We even got "golden tickets" for the ladies, and "reduced admission" for the men, but didn't need them.Once inside, we all headed to get drinks, and we expected expensive drinks, and they were compared to other Vegas clubs I've been to. A simple peach vodka and pineapple juice was $14...and they didn't serve ADIOS!! That was a disappointment. Oh! Another plus, was that 2 of my friends (girls) came really late at 2am, and told the bouncer they were under my guest list and they got in for free too. The music was good, but the dance floor is too small. They have foam bubbles that come out of the ceiling throughout the night, so I guess when you're drunk it's cool, but I've already experienced it at Moon, Rain, and Tao, so maybe they should think of something different.
2	Bartenders nice.  Bouncers respectful.  Gogo dancers hot as hell.  Staff all good.  Venue?  Eh ....  We'd just hit XS and Drais and some other places prior to Bank, so we were comparing Bank to them.  But you're reading reviews so you want to know what its like before going.  Here's what it's like.  Disorganized external entry with a lot of waiting and no real line.  Re-entry is allowed, but you have to get back in the pile to force your way to the front again.  They wont let you re-enter any other way.  The club itself, you walk in and its a decent size.  Kind of a "Pit" setup with two minor levels above it.  The crowd - could be described as "ghetto" by some.  But I like black girls, so I was in heaven. Unfortunately there are quite a few hookers here.  This was the downer.  Spoke to more than one girl who was hot as hell, and very into me, only to inform me later on that she expects to be paid for her time.  The trick is this.  If youre talking to a girl and she is there alone, and isnt from Vegas, then you probably have a hooker on your hands.  There were tons of older dudes hovering around the various hookers.   A friend told me there are hookers in every club, but we hadn't seen this many before.  Note, this was on a Sunday night.The music was decent, and it was an okay experience.  I wouldnt say anything spectacular at all, and a bit of a bummer that there were so many whores in the bellagio .... figured it would be a little more upscale than that.
5	As my main man Randy Jackson would say, "Yo, DOG, that was OFF THE HOOK!"We actually had a shitty table, but this was one of the funniest nights I've had in recent memory. Possibly because of the people I was with, but Bank was one of the most awesome, intimate clubs I've ever been to.Went on a Sunday night - which is supposedly "Bank's Night" - and had a blast. Great service, lots of shots, lots of dancing, and we made lots of great memories.I'm looking forward to coming back. For me, this is NOT a place where you'd necessarily need bottle service to have a good time, although I always recommend getting it at clubs. Tons of fun, tons of fun!!!
3	If you stay at the Bellagio, then you get guest passes to get yourself and friends in for free!! That's a perk if I ever heard one!! And you get to cut in line too!But once you get in here, you will pay a TON for drinks and a TON for coat check, and they won't even give you free water! We danced our hearts out when we went here, because the music was awesome, so you would think that they wouldn't want their guests to be dehydrated, but I guess so. But then again it is Vegas, and everything here costs money ha haThis place is pretty classy inside, has table service, and as I already said has a pretty awesome DJ so if you like dancing, this is definitely a good choice. And the dance floor isn't so packed that you can't move or strut your stuff like you want, which is always a bonus.They also won't let you take your shoes off for one second....I was on the phone far away from the dance floor, my feet hurt from being in heels the last three days, so I literally had taken one shoe off of one foot while I was chatting and a security guard came up and asked me to put my shoe back on. You would think he would have better things to do, but I guess not ha ha
1	I've been to a lot of the clubs in Vegas, Hollywood, etc., and I'd say this is the only one I would pass on, even if I had friends there. I went here on a Friday night and it was $30 just to get in, you simply could not walk anywhere in the club. Not on the dance floor, not in the hallways, not in front of the bars. It was hot, claustrophobic and uncomfortable.The venue itself doesn't seem that bad, but it was so over-crowded that you couldn't move. Imagine trying to put all the people in Tao into a club that MIGHT be half the size. The music was so loud that you couldn't hear someone yelling into your ear. The crowd was a mix of an older crowd and a young crowd that clearly didn't know better. I paid $30 to get in, $15 for a drink, and walked out 15 minutes later without thinking twice, just happy not to be there anymore.
3	Pretty good dancing music. Very crowed though with a long line. If you are with just girls you can try to cut the line. We did and got in for free. I couldn't of imaged waiting! Not very many places to chill unless you get a VIP table.
3	We were VIP so we got great service but before they found out we were shelling out a lot of money they were rude.
2	As I've stated previously I'm not much of a club person...scratch that, I'm not at all a club person. In Las Vegas however, I can get talked into it, especially if it's with the girls. The Bank is suppose to be a new, upscale club (or at least I thought) but I was somewhat disappointed. First, outside there is no order. There is no set line, and I was told to make my way to the front so the bouncer could see me and my party to let us in. It ended up working, but I'd rather not elbow my way to the front of a mass. I'd rather wait in line and if the bouncer chooses to escort my party to the front, so be it. Once inside I was disappointed by the crowd. Seemed younger and sorry for saying, a bit ghetto. I wasn't a huge fan of the bubble foam falling from the ceiling every 20 minutes or so. I had to put my hand over my glass to keep out the suds...kinda gross. There wasn't much breathing room at this club, especially since it has a sunken dance floor, so no extra space to spill out onto. Next time I get talked into a club in Vegas I'd rather go back to Pure or try somewhere new.
1	I work for a company called iTan Solariums we have 24 locations in California and we are know for our exceptional Customer Service with that said I know a think or too about customer service.  This CLUB WAS A JOKE!!! We were in vegas for the West Coast Tanning expo and we had about 25 people with us the night we attended this club so we attempted to bring them alot of business.  Their promoters feed us all this BS about how our whole party was gonna be able to get in no problem 5 compt bottles and all the guys would get in.  But come to find out they are LIARS and this was false advertising and completly shady!! They would not let all of our part in they claimed they do not let guys in VIP section Saturday night.. Even after we were willing to pay for a table they still would not let us in!!! Bottom Line this place has NO CLASS, AWFUL CUSTOMER SERVICE, AND BAD MANAGEMENT!!! DONT GO THERE
3	Im not sure what was the best part about us going to the Bank. The limo ride there, or the club itself. Either ways if you want to see how you fit 30 people in a limo, check out the vid right here: http://www.facebook.com/home.php?#!/video/video.php?v=126038240773503 (Not sure if you need to be my friend, but just request me)We all got there in one piece, and JC also let us pit stop at Yellowtail to get some drinks without the club price. Apparently drinks are over $20 for a basic cran vodka? WTF? I had plenty to drink before the club so I was good to go. I barely recall, but there was a bunch of chicks trying to get in and JC did his magic. We walked pass all of them, got our wristbands and up the escalators we go. After going up, and you make a turn, the dark entrance is the club. Once you get in you can pretty much see the place from end to end. Its a big square. I guess for today's Vegas standards, its not exactly up to par for clubbing. I got my dance on a little bit, and everyone was having a great time. Either ways, the night really was about the people we are with, and how JC made it happen.  Bank night should be JC's night to shine. I think JC deserves the MVP on this one for making the invasion happen! PS. Getting to the bathroom was an adventure! Atleast Tao has some organization. This concludes all of my Yelp /TR. Expect some new ones from July 4th weekend.
4	My girlfriends and I walked throught the entrance of Bellagio heading towards The Bank.  We were approached by a guy who said that he could hook us up with free bottle service and cut through the line.  We declined because we already knew a promoter who walked us to the front of the line.  That was a great offer.  Maybe next time.I can't believe this place was happening on a Sunday night.  The music was awesome.  They played hip hop most of the night.  The crowd was ok. The venue didn't allow much for mingling.
1	The worst club I've ever been to, ever....then factoring in the fact that it's on the strip and in the Bellagio......this place was significantly below expectations.When I first entered, the place was a whole lot smaller than I thought it would be. A couple of shiny, sparkly things hanging from the ceilings and then some tacky gold decor.After a couple of hours of dancing and drinking, I tried to get a cup of water at the bar and they refused to provide tap. So I figured I'd just pay for it, $7+tips. Fine. A couple hours later after more drinking and dancing, I thought I'd just ask for some ice at the bar. Apparently, they don't provide that either! What kind of bar doesn't provide water or ICE???? I was appalled. It's not even a matter of the price of water. It just seems counter-intuitive in a club where everyone is getting dehydrated by drinking alcohol, dancing, etc that the establishment would be able to refuse free water. On top of that counter-intuitive concept is another: huge bodyguards surrounding all tables and none would allow us to sit down.  I was so pissed that after hours of dancing in my heals that this club would actually not let us sit down. Not even for a second! I mean, yes, eventually after talking and whatnot we were able to sit but the idea that the club has body guards STANDING at each table and do not let you sit down is ridiculous! Then, I came home and checked my credit card bill and realized the bartender Kate S apparently decided she would tack on a few dollars to the tip I gave her. (Yeah, I stuffed my receipt in my little clutch and checked it.) I'm not fighting for the couple of dollars but it's the principle of someone stealing from me that really rubs me the wrong way. I would not recommend anyone to this club unless you want to be robbed.
2	Drinks are expensive, lines are long, the women are stuck up, the guys think they're UFC fighters because they're with their buddies and DJ 's are awesome.
5	First of all, I need to point out how hilariously inaccurate it is that this place is categorized as a "Dive Bar" in the venue profile section above.On a related note, real money falls from the ceiling. REAL MONEY! Imagine you're hanging out with your friends, having a great time, drinking and dancing to awesome music, and suddenly, money just starts raining down on you!This place is epic.
4	The thing about clubs is that they can be hit or miss, depending on what night you go, and what the crowd is like. Fortunately for me and my girls, we went on Sunday night when they place was popping off and we met some really cool people.First off, the staff is incredibly nice. As we walked up the corridor toward The Bank, we were approached by a promoter who got us to the front of the line (like I've mentioned before, it helps to know the promoters), and then we were greeted by the manager, who was very welcoming. The security guards are some of the sweetest I've ever encountered anywhere. I'm talking about the guys who provide security for the VIP tables on the floor. PRESTON IS THE MAN! Not only did he escort us to the women's restroom and back through the crowd, but he also made sure to scare away any shady looking dudes. We totally felt safe. And it wasn't even our VIP table!The DJ was spinning hip hop beats - EVERYONE in the club was dancing. The space is not very big, and in fact, you feel pretty boxed in because of the rectangular multi-level layout. But that just forces you to get cozy with everyone, and for the most part, the people we encountered were pretty cool.Every now and then they'll do a special birthday shout out that includes hot dancers and huge sparklers, and blast foam snowflakes from the ceiling. It was the perfect spot to end our last night in Vegas. Will definitely be back on a Sunday night!
2	Went on a July 4th weekend. Drinks are expensive ($12 for a lousy gin & tonic. I know it's Vegas but it wasn't even strong). Music was okay. It would have been better if the DJ knew how to transition from one mix to the next. Decent venue but dance floor is too small. There was literally no room to move. This venue would have gotten 3 stars if it wasn't for the drunken, lousy dancer of a whale that was bumping & pushing everyone around her (oh, and her equally drunken & lousy dancer friend). Highlight of the evening (& of my still short clubbing life): pushing back against the b*tch & seeing my friend have her kicked out of the club. Woozah!In short, it's not a bad scene if you get in early (we arrived around 10:30 or 11 & it was already packed) and if you get in for free. It might also help if you don't go on a holiday weekend. :)
1	The BAD:-the racist bouncer who made the only brown girls trying to get in stand in line with the dudes for an hour AND pay the $20 cover -the drinks too pricey-even for Vegas-dance floor cramped and crowd just ok.  -And one of my biggest pet peeves: the dj repeated songs. I heard the same song 3X in the same nite!!!! If that doesn't happen in the burbs where I'm from how is it possible on The Strip?! If you're on the edge about this place, I'd say don't do it. There are so many other great options Vegas has to offer.  My personal fave for a Sun nite: Body English
1	Don't go here unless you want to be discriminated because you're a minority. The promoters in the front are a bunch of racists.
2	This club was not the worst that I have visited.  In some ways it was decent, for example, I liked the music.  We were put on the guest list and got right in and did not have to pay cover, and that is why I am giving them two stars.  What I did not like was 1) how expensive the drinks were (I ordered 5 shots that cost me $70.00) but more than that, 2) on the way out, they force people to jam into a small elevator.  This was very dangerous, and I waited for 15 minutes to take the stairs with the manager, but instead when I got sick of waiting and pressed for the manager, he came and cleared out the elevator for me and my 2 friends.  I was under the impression that you had to have stairs available for people to use in case they did not want to use the elevator.  I felt this was very dangerous.  I would not like to be at this packed, overcrowded club when  fire broke out, and I would never go there again.
4	Hit The Bank on Sunday 8/15. Reservations for a table were made with Stephen by calling the # on the website. We got there around 11 and they weren't letting anyone in because of some problems with the lights inside the club....saw a couple people making big deals about it but it really wasn't. Waited in line for maybe 15-20 minutes. Got a table in the Cristal room which is basically right outside the club. It may disappoint if you want to be up in the club but it worked for us because we wanted to just chill after being in Vegas for 4 nights. A little steeper (I think it was $640 w/ tax and tip) for a bottle then most but I think Bellagio is one of the nicest hotels in the Vegas so it's all good. Super friendly and hard working staff. Club played fire house and hip hop. Lots of hot women and great atmosphere.  Been to over 10 clubs in Vegas and The Bank is right up near the top.
3	Ehhh. Just not feeling it. And when I gave them a free drink ticket a friend got the week before the waitress was less than friendly about telling me it wasn't valid. Even though there was no expiration or guidelines on the ticket. So ehhh to her too.
5	I feel like this place deserves a higher average rating than 3 stars. First of all if you do not have a wristband or know a promoter you wait in a horizontal line which is some what chaotic, thats where my group and I waited in since it was a last minute decision to go here at about 11:30. Since it was our last night in Vegas the 4 of us were willing to due whatever it took to get inside so we bought a table, our total waiting time was less than 30 minutes which isn't bad for a group of guys. Inside the ambience is very cool, there are balconies and the dance floor is like pit. Another cool thing is that buying a drink isn't a pain in the ass. At some places trying to get a drink is harder than it is getting in, I was served very fast and though. I expressed slight disappointment when I was told how much the drink would cost (the craps tables were not kind) but the bartender made sure that I did not complain of the strength of the drink. A bar back mistakenly picked up a drink that was half finished at the table, when I told the nearby staff member he said he would do what he can and he ended up serving me another drink for free which I thought was stellar customer care. Overall it was a perfect setting for my last night in Vegas. I went on Sunday of labor day weekend this year if you are wondering. I could complain that the DJ that night was average. On a side not, hearing "Empire State of Mind" at places other than New York is kind of awkward for me.
1	My friend and I got there on a Sunday night at around 11.  It was our last night in Vegas so we were looking to have fun.  We get to the entrance and their is a huge herd of people in front.  No organization whats so ever.  I'm short so i couldn't really see what was going on in front.  But we had free passes so we decided to stick it out.  After waiting for about 45 minutes we noticed the only people getting in was people who i assume had table service, and people slipping major coin to the bouncers.  I also noticed the people who were going on in all had a certain "look" and i think i was the wrong color.  We started talking to this group of black guys who were waiting to get in and they told us they even offered the guy money but still no dice.  We waited a lil while longer and then left.  My advice to brown people, STAY AWAY, u not wanted there.  We left and went to Koi and had a blast.
4	i actually didnt anticipate to have a good time here, but i was wrong. because it isnt a night club that i hear many people rave about like XS, tryst, surrender etc, i didnt expect much. the bank is actually a really nice and fun place to be on sunday nights. the crowd is fun, good looking and young! the music is up to date and the drinks, good but expensive. we had a group of 5 girls and 8 guys. the girls got in for free while the guys each had to pay $10 cover thats a pretty good deal compared to other clubs. the most amazing part was they made it rain money, literally. im pretty sure hundreds on ones floated down from the ceiling. i was lucky i was able to snag $20 in ones. haha. and they also had a bubble/foam rain too. overall, good company, good music, money rain = a good time!
4	As girls, we were bombarded with free passes to The Bank while walking around the Bellagio. It seemed kind of sketch or just plain weird - they had us come earlier to this place with a bunch of good looking girls, where they equipped us with these wristbands and 2 tickets for free champagne. I am kind of ehh about how to review this place. I overheard one of the many promoters say that they don't give this special treatment to (1) fat girls (2) ugly girls. Mean to say though we all know it already.So afterwards, they walked us over the the club. Reading the other reviews, it seems like some girls were pimped out. I didn't feel like we were at all. We just hung out with our guy friends and gave them some of our free champagne. I think they paid $20 in cover...something like that. They got $10 off thingies.The music was great and the club was nice looking. I think The Bank would seem more valuable if it did not appear so desperate though (promoters literally EVERYWHERE in Bellagio...you cannot get away).
2	Rob a bank before coming here because if not you will be filling out a small loan for a Red Bull and Vodka. Outrageously expensive drinks. $19 each, I did a double take to make sure my friend had heard the same thing the bartender had just  toxically spewed. Good thing we got in for free thanks to a friend or else I Would have had smallepileptic seizure from the surprise and all the strobe lights around me. Large area to dance on but the club packs it to the brim. Real estate, like most of these Las Vegas hotel clubs, is once again hard to find here, you're better off on the top floor by the railings that surround the VIP tables and dance floor. I have never been to a place with so many bouncers up in your business as this place. Seems like ever table had it's own designated bouncer. If you get to close they'll ask you to move. Stand on the stairs for one second to long and you get a flashlight to the face. They are nothing short of tall, fat and rude.  Stay on the top floor, near the bar to be away from them and consider bringing a flask.
3	Came here on a Saturday at almost midnight. It was a spur of the moment choice so I didn't have us on a guest list. We didn't have a problem getting in even tho the crowd was nuts. You just gotta find the right door guy. 1st one was a total jerk so went on the other side..no problem. The US Air Force was having their ball @ the Bellagio so it was mad packed with guys in dress blues. Very cool. Went up and straight to the bar $25 for 2 drinks.Typical. But they sure were strong! Nice! It was a packed house and the music should get 4 maybe even 5 stars at some times in the evening.Thankfully some AF guys bought us drinks the rest of the night or this place could make you broke. LOL Glad we came cuz it sure was fun dancing til 3am!
3	It's another typical club from the light group.  If you're a woman who wears a dress that's a single digit size, and you spent some time on your makeup and hair, you should be able to get in relatively easily.  Promoters are always looking to get more ladies to come here.  For some reason this spot always ends up on my back up list, but even with four Vegas trips a year, I rarely ever go back here......hmmmm.
4	My girlfriends and I arrived in Vegas last weekend on Friday, we wanted to keep it local so I asked the the concierge what list he can put us on He said the Bank was the best he could do and gave us passes. Figured we might as well hit up this club since we were staying at the Bellagio anyway, how much more local can you get? We get down to the club at almost midnight and the line was pretty big. Luckily for us, the bouncer at the door let us in right away and for free, we didn't even have to use our passes. We weren't sure what to expect from this place since you don't hear much talk about it but to our surprise the place was very nice. Upscale, nice decor, great setup. The staff walked around keeping the place clean, and if you had any questions they were willing to help. The music was great, made us dance our asses off. The dance floor was crowded but there was enough room to dance. Drinks, as expected were pricey...paid $42 for 3 drinks, ouch!! Over all this place was great and I would go back.
2	ugh....well, let me start over. absolutely great music. beautiful people. but you will PAY! 15 bucks a drink (luckily we got pretty wasted on a case or two of supermarket beer before going over), so we only had one each. and it's the first time i've ever given the door man money to let us in a club. my wife and her friend...no problem. 2 hot chicks...but then i was the tagalong, so they wouldn't let me in with them. finally got in and luckily didn't have to pay cover (you get bombarded with free passes up and down the strip) but once inside.....felt like i was a big baller. so maybe i should give it more stars but the freaking door man....in defense, i guess it was halloween weekend and this is after all Fity Cents club.
5	The Bank is my favorite club in Vegas. It's definitely worth the cover charge. Every song is great, every single song makes the dance floor go wild. There's beautiful friendly people, just a good vibe all the way through. This is the club where I've had the most luck ;)
5	Didn't  have to wait in line and got in for free. The music is great, the decor is nice, and the bartenders are very friendly. The drinks are pricey, but you pay for what you get.
5	One of my favorite nightclubs in Vegas! Thanks to my friend, me and my girls didn't have to wait in line for even 5 seconds and got in free of charge.. They were holding a charity event this past Sunday and for every drink/shot purchased 1 can of food was donated, and for every bottle purchased 10 cans of food were donated.. So not only do you get to get wasted and have a great night, but you get to help out those in need on Thanksgiving Day as well! This place has a rather small dancefloor so I probably wouldn't come here if I didn't have bottle service.. The music was poppin all night and is bar far the best out of all the clubs I've been to in Vegas.. There wasn't a single song that I didn't enjoy and dancing in our personal booth without club-goers pushing or walking through you was great! An added bonus to the VIP area is the platform just behind your booth that you can stand up and dance on.. This allowed us to interact with the people by the bar and display our moves for everyone to see.. Our waitress was gorgeous and loads of fun! She did a great job ensuring that we had a spectacular night.. By the end of the night my girls and I were spent but we donated well over 30 cans of food! Thank you Bank nightclub for ending my Vegas trip with a bang [:
2	The venue was great but that's honestly about it. The dancefloor was way tiny even though it was the center of the entire club. I received free admission to this club and I wish I had gone to another club.
1	1 Star for what is my biggest disappointment Ive ever experienced out of a club/ venue... When we arrived I was well impressed by this place; Small, smart looking club, looked very classy.. But more to the point the DJ was playing some really cool 80's mixes with house.. Oh yes mate, this I can "digg".... I didn't even mind paying $15 for a martini vermouth.... As soon as the place started to fill... which was within 20 minutes or less even, the whole thing twisted.. Music changed to.. Uhhm.. HIP SHMOP SHITTY TOP 40 BS... Ohh myy... The "classy" decor filled with waitresses/ dancers shaking their thing with mini dresses.. Ohh mate, REALLY?? Hmm... "Cheap" I think.. Along with "Common" and plainly boring Thank goodness for my Yelper, who assisted me with finding The Happiest Place On Earth... LOL....... Definitely EAK!! METHINKS NOT!!! Hell. no.
4	I partied here on Friday night and I had an awesome time. My friend had table service so we beat line and got right in. There were 3 sections, the dance floor + tables, the middle area which is all table service and the gogo dancers at each four corner (they were hot), and third area is where you walked in and hang around the rails looking down onto the dance floor. The service were awesome, very attentive and friendly. We drank so much and dance even harder because the "alky" kicked in haha.... our host shifted us down to the table on the dance floor midway through the night/am and soon after I had to escort my party- foul hubby back to our room..LOl... wonderful night! dress to impress.
1	This nightclub is a piece of pretentious shit, in my personal opinion. I've never come across more rude employees in my life. I will NEVER ever return. I'd rather go through a colonoscopy than even ATTEMPT to go there again.
1	On the way into the hotel we were stopped by a promoter asking if we had any places to go, we told him we were thinking about the bank. So he told us he was a promoter and can get us into the club no wait in line needless to say it was a lie... They pulled us to the side of the casino ID'ed us and gave us wrist band. They so called promoter told the guy in charge I got 5 girls. So the guy marked him down for 5 girls as if his job was to just bring in girls to the club. weird. Than we were tAken to the so called line to get in with the wrist bands they gave us. The bouncer said the wrist bands don't mean anything. We had to "stand in line" ( which the line was just a mob of people around the door) We went back to the promoter and asked him what's up with the lies you just told us about not waiting in line. Again he brought us back over to the same line and told us to wait here, he told the bouncer to let us in and he left before we got in. The bouncer still denied us access. We waited ,..... standing there confused... As the bouncer let's girls in with the wrist bands.The same promoter before brought girls to the same line this time they were denied as well. Yet again the bouncer let more girls in and still denying us. It made no sense except for the fact that he let white girls in and not Asian. The group of girls that didn't get in also was black. This is a place that judges you on your race, denying Asians and blacks toEnter into the club. they are racistsThey have ppl running around the casino to get girls into the club and count the # of girls they get as a pay. Then they don't even let you into the club If you're non-white.
2	I think Bernie Madoff owns this "Bank" because this is the biggest PONZI Scheme in Vegas. The second you make your deposit here,  you're never going to see the return of your investment. The club is small, not very happening and the security people are  power crazy.  How do you boot someone from the club for dancing too 'lewd. The club is where you should be dancing lewdly! You don't want to be doing that at your parent's Holiday  Christmas Party.
2	Too crowded to the point wherein someone from our party felt "violated"...i don't blame that person....the dancefloor was too jam-packed especially on a Friday night.  A lady behind me was grinding against her partner and ended up grinding against me as well....ay caramba!  Music was awesome though :)
4	I was just at The Bank this past Sunday night and I had a FANTASTIC time.  To be fair, though, I was with only one other girl friend, and we ended up meeting guys who had a table and bought us free drinks all night.  This is not what is going to happen to everyone, but if you can end up getting set up at a table, this club will treat you well!When we first got there, we each got a drink.  I got a vodka red bull and it was $16.  Let's be honest...that's stupidly expensive for such a standard drink order.  However, that was the only drink that I bought all night, so I didn't feel too bad about it.  We then went to the dance floor, which was a bit crowded and small, but the music was pretty good and there weren't too many creeps.  A bouncer then let my friend and I into the VIP section, and that allowed for much more dancing space.  Later in the night, my phone fell out of my purse, and everyone (bouncers, promoters, security, etc.) was very nice and very helpful.  If you're going to go to The Bank, I would definitely recommend going on a night like Sunday when it is not quite as crowded as I'm sure it would be other nights.  I would also recommend buying a table, although if you are on a budget, that's probably not the best way to go.
3	I know this is Vegas and this is situated at the bellagio that is why it is expensive. Expect to pay $40 for cover charge if you dont have hook ups and pay $10 for a beer and at least $17 for well mixed drinks. I notice the decor is classy and they got cristal on the walls but seriously this club is for the ballers.
2	I wouldn't come back here. Granted, we got in without pay and one of the bouncers bought us shots, but everything was so incredibly crowded and unorganized that we wanted to leave- quick.The Bank is a pretty club, but it was kindof a last resort place because we went on a Sunday (and were waiting to go to XS on Monday) when very few clubs are open. I personally loved the music; the DJ was playing a bunch of old school hip hop which (for me) is a lot more fun than trance. It wasn't HORRIBLE, but for Vegas standards, I wouldn't come here unless it was a last resort.
4	This is a pretty nice looking club. It's located inside the Bellagio near the buffett. Expect to pay $40 for cover charge if you dont have hook ups and pay $10 for a beer and at least $17 for well mixed drinks. The atmosphere looks great,  i notice the decor is classy and they got cristal on the walls. The club is not that big compared to most clubs in Vegas but i had a great time.
3	I've been to the Bank twice and I'm not sure if I'd go back. I think my first trip was an anamoly. The club was poppin with amazaaaaaazing music. I wish I could have got that mix! The club was packed and since the Bank is kinda tiny, it felt like a house party. Everyone was dancing and having a great time, you could really feel the positive energy. We met some cool people and hung at their table majority of the night so it made the night more enjoyable. You never realize how much you value being able to sit down when you want to LOL! I didn't want to leave the club because I was having so much fun, but I had an early flight so I had too :(The 2nd trip, 6 months later on Christmas Day was less thrilling. I was on the guestlist so we walked right in at like 11. It was DOA and as time went by the club filled up the crowd looked very unattractive. I can't even blame the lameness on the fact that it was a holiday so it may have been so an off night because we left and went to XS and it was packed with better looking people *shrug*. Overall I'm thinking that on my first trip to the Bank either I got really lucky or maybe Christmas night  just so happend to be a wrong place/wrong time bust? Maybe the third time will be the charm??
3	Got there after 12 so the guest passes were void. Music was ok..expected more and better.Small dance floor. We walked in as a group of 4 and 10minutes later we were a group of three! haha..literally my brother's friend gave it 10mins and wasnt impressed. He waited outside on the slot machines. It was so funny!Drinks were a rip off. 2 simple drinks for $28?!! Really!The funny asian pimp that danced all night in his all white suit and gator shoes was entertaining...and the cool OLD pimp in the corner table was fun to stare at. I think it was $5 for coat checkThere wasnt a huge crowd to begin with when we arrived at 12, it was decent,but as it started to thin out i decided to rest a second on the sofa next to the dance floor. There wasnt anybody left that wanted to reserve it, I assumed it wasnt a big deal. Of course since the "secret service ear piece" dudes were bored they took the time to walk over and tell me to get up. boooooo.Sad I had nothing to brag about.We were there Christmas night or Christmas eve..cant really remember. but either way it was whack.
3	Insert cartoon "wah wah wahhhhh....."Biggest let-down since Google Wave!We came by the club close to midnight on a Friday, dressed in our "Upscale Fashionable Attire", ready to pour some drinks into our bodies and hit the dance floor.  There were at least 20 people waiting out front for their chance to get in.  Luckily we were on some version of a guest list, so we weren't worried about the lines.  They were seemingly pumping the soundtrack to the Hangover to pump up the waiting crowds!Now based on the website for the Bank and what we've heard about it...  We were expecting swank, both from the club AND the clientele.In all fairness, the club is beautiful inside.  There are tons of tiers and separated areas, so if you are paying more for table service, you can expect your own space.  The people though - I don't think they enforce their dress code.  I guess it is more of a dress suggestion.  O.OYes, the drinks are pricey, but whatever.  It's not a dive bar, so expect to pay more.  They made me a strong cosmo, pretty good.There was something missing though.  The crowd, the energy...  The dance floor seemed to be moving in slow motion.  There were a ton of clumps of people just standing around ON the dance floor.  Security was in full force - seemed just a hair excessive!  I understand the need to have them, especially in Vegas of all places, but it was hard to relax!  Every turn had someone staring you down.We came in expecting to party for at least a couple of hours before moving on, but the lack of energy made this a big flop for us.  We finished our drinks, then went next door to the Cosmopolitan.  As we left and saw all of the faces of the people wasting their entire night waiting to get in, I couldn't help but feel bad for them.I'll give it another shot in the future, but only as a guest.  I'll never pay for cover here.  (this would have probably been a 1 or 2 star review if i had to pay!)
4	This place seems to be hit or miss with some of the reviews. For my trip here, I enjoyed it. The DJ was bumping the music I like (euro trance and dance) and the crowd was lively. The dance floor was packed but the overlook on the second story was pretty clear and an easy escape from the madness. It looked like they had both a regular DJ as well as a video one which kept things entertaining. At random intervals, the house would drop "snow" onto the crowd which was cool to see in order to switch things up. The only real complain I had here were the people at the front of the club. They really need to get it together. They were very unorganized and seemed like they didn't know what to do half of the time. My only real grip about the club was that.As with any dance club in Vegas though, NEVER BUY DRINKS here. $12 for a mixed drink should be a crime. Play some slots and get a few free drinks before you come in here.
4	Sundays this is one of the spots to check out. Not the best, a bit small compared to other Vegas clubs but it's more than accommodating, still a great dance club. Some nights there is order outside before getting in the escalator to enter the club. Guys in one line and girls on another but other nights the line can get down confusing and yeah a few bouncers need to take the chill pill. Tourists just want to have fun!Bank nightclub is worth checking out, much better if one calls the club/host ahead of time and reserves a table. We received excellent bottle service from the host. The people I went with were impressed by it. A few times I have ended my night here and met some great, funny, interesting people and tourists.Music played in this joint is pretty much the same as everywhere else, top 40, hip hop, house music. Oh bring the visa, americanexpress or the wallet with plenty of cash, you might be surprised what you will pay for a cranberry and vodka.
4	Ahhhhh Vegas!!!! You showed me a good time. You made me feel like a young little thing and then when I doubted the thought of getting into the clubs for free.....my faith was restored! Halleluah!My girlfriend and I were shopping at Caesar's Palace and met a fine young man named Shane. He asked us if we were going to any clubs? never mind that it was 1pm and I hadn't even thought about what I was eating for lunch but uh yeah we plan to hit up some clubs! He said meet me at Carmel in the Bellagio, I will get you a free round of drinks and then I can get you in The Bank for free and to the front of the line. Um Shane you had me at a free round of drinks ;) this guy was good, he was smooth, not creepy and confident we met him at 10:30 and all was as promised. We had drinks, got escorted to the front of the line and we were in. It was packed the cast of Glee was there...ehhhh I don't watch at all so whatevs everyone else seemed very interested in this group.They played good music, the bartenders were really nice served up some strong drinks and I loved the snowflakes that were dropping on the dance floor. This club to me was so Vegas and so fun! We met a lot of cool people and next time...oh next time we will for sure do the bottle service!
4	Actually crowded for a Sunday night close to midnight. But line was definitely short. We were on the concierge guestlist line and it was shorter than regular guestlist line. We even had re-entry. I actually don't remember if the music was good. Had a bit too much to drink haha. But i do remember dancing. We made friends with this cop from Arizona and we had drinks with him. It was funny. This was my second time coming to this place. Place still looked the same as last time though. I liked the glass chandeliers hanging from the ceiling.
2	Overly packed nightclub with expensive drinks and bitchy bartenders power tripping like nobody's business.  Yes it did the trick on Sunday night when our group wanted to get our groove on, but when a male bartender threw out my friends drink and then lied about it, and alluded that WE were lying, that was a HUGE no-no.  I can pay full price for my own drinks thankyouverymuch!! I live in Washington DC so I pay for overpriced drinks all the time, not a big deal.  What made me mad is that they accused us of lying!  I have no reason to lie and steal about something so stupid; all we wanted was just compensation. Give me a break. I am not a poor 21 year old anymore. How rude and unprofessional!Other than that, the place has good energy and all the latest songs were played, but some songs were played more than once and one at least 3 times!  Me thinks this place needs a better DJ, but oh wait, they are probably all at the Cosmopolitan.  Plus the whole carrying the "expensive" bottles around like they were the arc of the covenant was extremely cheesy. Enter at your own risk.
4	I went here for my bachelor party weekend in Vegas and it was fantastic. The service is great..you have to get bottles of course but thats anywhere with a group of 7 guys. over all a great club.
3	Decent size, decent music but they kept changing the music every 20 seconds... WAY too packed... I cant stand clubs that are too packed for you to even dance in... whats the point? drinks were overpriced. You had to fight through crowds and crowds of people to go anywhere. Maybe I'm just not a club person.
2	Eh.First night staying at Bellagio we went here - and skipped the line, got offered a VIP table and had a blast - for about 30 minutes.  Then a guy actually paid for the VIP table and we got the boot. Gee, thanks for making us feel like bait. Wasn't as much fun after being given free champagne and Grey Goose vodka next to the dance floor to have to go back upstairs (and paying for drinks). Boo!
4	amazing club -- friendly staff.i was with one other girl -- we were supposed to be on a promoter's guest list, but something got mixed up. the bouncer was awesome enough to give us free passes anyway, and put us in the VIP line.interesting mix of people.... some older, some younger, all different races / ethnicities. i read a lot of reviews on here about racist bouncers - i call BS. i saw every type of ethnicity imaginable. i also saw plenty of women and men 'under-dressed' for such an amazing club. needless to say - how picky could these bouncers really be?on the smaller side compared to other clubs in vegas...doesn't bother me though - interesting layout with 'balcony' type floor overlooking dance floor. beautifulanyway, this was my second time here, and it's definitely THE spot to be for sunday nights. we even saw paris hilton and cy waits at a table.oh, and at the beginning of the night, girls came around with FREE shots. always a plus!
1	We were wandering around Vegas after a show looking to club a little. We decided to go to the Belagio, and as we were going through the side escalators and people movers a Promoter found us for The Bank. He gave us "Golden Tickets" for the girls, as we got in free, and guys had to pay $20. Our Promoter walked us all the way inside, he obviously thought we were a good enough catch to bring us in and show us to the line.There was a small man/people mob outside waiting to get in, and we were placed in a small stand by line for people who were Promoter VIP. We didn't have to wait long, like 3 min. before they started letting us in- to the dismay and evil glares by the other waiting people.The guys paid their way and we went up the escalators, checked our jackets for $5 :/ (WAT) We get in and the place is fairly crowded and FULL of cigarette smoke. There are two bars, one on each side of the room, there's a small padded "bar" for people to hang out and place the drinks, smoke, people watch etc. The bar was busy, the tables were busy, the dance floor was packed, and the music sucked. The DJ would start playing a decent song and just as he started playing he would "mix" it to another song so it would change beat- and they didn't even meld together. It was so hard to dance! It was so hard to find a place to dance. It was so hard to breath! If you weren't a smoker coming in, you were definitely hooked by the time you got out of there.The Gogo dancers were okay, I didn't have a drink, but the waitresses did come around offering free shots with TIP. My friend tipped her but I refused my shot and she got two by herself haha.We stayed about 30 min, and then left. We weren't feeling the music, we didn't like how crowded it was because the place is so SMALL, and if anyone is interested in getting cancer by second hand smoke, this is the place for you. Where do you find time to smoke while dancing?Definitely will pass, even if we got free table service from a connection :/ BLEH!
4	I'm not an expert nightclub goer but The Bank was good to us. If we didn't have bottle service connections and VIP, it would have been a different story. The service was great. The server and bus boy did a great job and no matter how many drinks we spilled and empty glasses we dished out, our booth stayed immaculate! The club itself is small but it wasn't super packed. Which I guess could be a good thing. The decor is pretty fancy too. The DJ was great too. I didn't hear one song that I wanted to snub my nose at and we danced all night. The night we were there, the crown was super friendly... no snobby girls or overly cocky guys. Great night out with the girls.
2	Feb 2011Got in late around midnight. Had to pony up $130 for bottle service each. Our table was atrocious: in the main hallway! Geez... Our hostess was gorgeous and she definitely spiked the mood up. But going back and forth to dance floor was painful. The dancefloor itself was full of a**holes, got several drinks spilled on my Hugo shirt. We drank the Grey Goose and got the f outta there. In 2010 this was a better experience. I won't be back for a while I think.
2	I came here New Year's Day and it was packed. Luckily we were on a guestlist and I didn't have to pay, but the guys in my group had to pay $40 each. To begin with this guest list we were on was not what I expected. We had to wait for someone to come and get us, we waited for about 20mins, then when he finally came he gave us tixs for complimentary drinks at a lounge near the club entrance we were waiting at and had to wait some more. Finally after another 20mins we were finally able to go in, but we werent able to all go in together because they only allowed a certain amount of guys in at a time because of something to due with the ratio of it. We get inside and get in line to check in our coats, well it turns out that they werent taking anymore coats because they were full, so we had to wait another 20mins to finally check in our coats, and then pay $5 each. By this time my buzz was already wearing off so we decided to go get some drinks, my bf got a red and vod which cost $15, i got a shot of patron which cost $17...RIDICULOUS PRICES!!! we get to the dance floor and it is CROWDED, you can barely move yet alone dance, the dance floor is really small. After about an hour we decided to leave. Overall I would not come back to this club!
2	Too packed. Rude bartenders. If I'm going to pay $30 for two drinks at least be friendly. I waved my hand to get the bartenders attention and she screamed at me that she sees me and to quit waving my hand, it's pointless. I would've given it a one star, but we did have a VIP table at the end of the night and it was enjoyable then. The club tries to act like it's super high end, but I had some drunk girl at the table next to me falling everywhere and kicked my drink on my brand new dress. She should have been asked to leave. If it wasn't for my company at my table I would've left and headed back to Vanity at the Hard Rock where the place was amazingly beautiful and the staff was extremely friendly.
5	Depending on what you like, you may not like this place, but my bf and I got really lucky here and had ourselves a really good time. While walking around The Strip on a Thursday night, bf and I got handed a couple of passes for free admission for the both of us. We didn't plan on hitting up any clubs, but we figured we'd check it out and just leave if we didn't like it. While walking inside the Bellagio toward the Bank, I guess a promoter spotted us and offered to put the two of us on the guest list. I got a wristband and free drink passes, and the two of us walked straight into the club, ZERO WAIT. Warning: they tried to get us to pay $20 or something like that to be walked into the club to "bypass the wait" but we declined and literally walked right in ourselves. There was a small line outside, but club wasn't too crowded. There were enough people around that the place didn't seem lame. Like I would feel comfortable dancing on the dance floor; I wouldn't have to worry about having no space to move, yet I wouldn't have to be self-conscious, ya know? We hung out mostly upstairs by the bar, dancing, sippin' our drinks and checking out the people on the dance floor (VERY good view)...watching a few guys strike out with the ladies ahahaha.I love clubbing, but I especially loved The Bank because it didn't have the crowded, stuffy, hectic atmosphere I usually experience at clubs. I understand it'd be very different on a busy night, but I had a really good experience at the Bank :) Guestlist, no wait, no cover for BOTH me and my bf, and 5 free drinks. Does it get better than that? :))
4	Despite some of the negative reviews on here, I had a great time at The Bank! My friend and I were walking through the casino on our way to the club, and got approached by a club promoter who offered to get us into VIP for free, no cover. So of course we were thrilled! We got straight in!It was a bit crowded, but most of the places in Vegas are, so I expected that. The music was awesome though! Not sure who was spinning the night we went, but my friend and I danced the night away. I also really liked the black/chandelier decor inside. I also really like how bottle service arrives in a huge, glowing diamond bucket. Overall, I had a really fun experience here, and I would go back.
3	The Bank uses it's frequent celeb appearances to make it seem better than it is, I mean I'm not sure how much the Vegas crowd cares about kids from glee. Although I had fun for the hour I was there it was kind of a disappointment. We got in free and skipped the line cause staying at the bellagio. Don't think I would have paid/waited long in line to get in. The entrance is cool but photos of the club make it seem nice than it is. Parts of the club seemed dirty and dated. The design on the glass panels in between the levels of the club looked like something you'd see in an old Greek diner. Dancing was fun until it got to packed and they played the 4th Rihanna song in a row, we get it. It was cool standing at ledge up top and people watching. The drinks seemed expensive even for Vegas clubs and bartenders had no personality. If you get in for free check it out for a bit then head elsewhere.
3	We went here 4/8/11 as we were celebrating my cousins birthday (happy bday Nan!) and she had wanted to try it.  I had been curious about it too but another cousin said she had tried it and it sucked but we decided to take a chance and try it anyways.  We usually go to Tao as it is our favorite out of Moon, Ghostbar, LAX.  We arrived about midnight or a little after and there was a line going in 2 different directions.  We weren't on a guest list and so my sis asked which line we needed to go to and the bouncer asked if we had passes, to which she responded with a sad face 'no' and to me looked like she was about to cry (lol, I tell her that was the best acting I've ever seen!) The bouncer gave us 3 passes and basically let us cut in the general line.  As we waited to be let in, at some point another bouncer told us the passes were no longer valid and he was sorry but there was nothing he could do about it.  (He did not seem sincere...) He also reminded us that Far East Movement was performing ... lol we like them but we didn't go for that reason, plus when we heard the cover was $30 a person we seriously were considering going somewhere else.  Then by some miracle another bouncer let us in and said we were cool and didn't charge us.  It was meant to be!  We went inside and immediately hit the bar... wow, the drinks are majorly overpriced here!!!  For example, our first round of drinks were 3 lemon drop shots... total = $42... we let it slide since we didn't have to pay a cover and were celebrating a birthday but seriously next time make sure you drink ahead!  Or should I said we will made sure to drink ahead!!The music was a mix between hip hop, top 40, a moment of rock I think? Plus quite a bit of that house/trance crap.  Big Boy from Power 106 was there and announced Far East Movement and when they came out to perform it was great!  I was actually pretty excited to see them after all (guess the drinks helped lol) and the crowd went wild!!  I still prefer Tao because they have different rooms and when the music in one room sucks you can escape to another.  Also, the crowd is more diverse at Tao, which I really like.  Plus the drinks are not as expensive at Tao!  And at Tao we can usually get on the guest list and it's not a long wait to get in!!  But at least now we've tried The Bank and we did have a good time ;-)
2	December 2010Came here on a Sunday night on a whim (bad move)*.The good:- relatively large dance floor- attractive people- beautiful venue- good musicThe So-So:- weak drinks.- the layout of the dance floor- So many stairs.  To get to the dance floor and bathroom, you'd have to go down a small flight of stairs.  This is NOT good for people with aching feet and have been drinking the entire night.- The men I've encountered here were REALLY forward.  I'll talk and dance with you, but please don't hump my leg or grab my ass.  *The Ugly:- $40 cover for guys AND gals.  Ouchies :( Meh.
2	Originally, my boyfriend and I were headed out to a lounge at the monte carlo hotel, but when we were walking through the bellagio a promoter was handing out vip passes to the bank. So we decided to save our energy and head to the club there. First and foremost, the line was super long and the bouncer sent us and another group towards the entrance in the middle of a crowd. We waited about 20 mins to get inside the club which wasn't that bad of a wait, but as soon as we got in the dance floor was just flooded with people. It was hard for us to dance or even move aside (1 star ). The music was okay in the beginning, but it picked up later on. After 10 mins in the club, we decided to get some drinks which were EXPENSIVE!! My cosmopolitan and my bf's tokyo tea all together costed 40 bucks! I mean our drinks were good, but damn waay too expensive. The sad part was i didnt get to enjoy my drink because some ginormous bouncer who didnt see me behind him decided to turn around and knock the drink all over my dress! So annoying! We left around an hour or so..not worth coming to this club!
3	definitely would not go here if i didn't have a table to chill at...it's a much smaller club than most in vegas and there really is standing room between the bar and the section with tables...the dance floor is right in the middle of the club and tables around that, iseems like a hassle to not have a place you can just hang out...the dance floor was PACKED like sardines and it was even a pain to cut through the crowd to get to the bathroommusic was good though and the bottle service at our table was great...fun place considering it was a sunday night
1	I don't even know where to begin. I came here for my sisters bachelorette party on a sunday night. The bartender was a HUGE bitch acting as if she was superior to everyone at the bar rolling her eyes and being snotty. She yelled at my boyfriend, because she forgot to open his beer so he opened it himself. The bouncers were extremely RUDE and shoving people aside, one of them pushed me into the wall and spilled my drink. The DJ sucked and kept messing up songs where there would be 5-8 second pauses in between songs. Not to mention, the whole production they make about bringing bottles to tables was ridiculous, obnoxiously running around acting as if there was some sort of emergency. The overall customer service was terribly unprofessional, rude and unwelcoming. I will not be returning to this club, ever. I was very surprised for the Bellagio, the customer service at The Bank is not consistent with the reset of the hotel at all! I would head over to the Bond or The Marquee at the Cosmopolitan for a much better evening.
1	Rude bartenders, rude busboys, poor production. The nicest person in the joint was Johnny at the front door when he refunded my door charge because of the miserable experience there.My friend was able to coordinate with management about getting us in the VIP short line and a discount for the guys (ladies were free). Still had to pay $20 to get in, and the prestige of the Bellagio did not carry inside this club.First it was too dark in there. How can you set up a club for a ton of hot ladies in there if I can't see them? Even security had to shine their flashlights on all the steps everytime you walked by. Even the lights on the dance floor made it hard to tell if the girl 5 feet away was actually a 9 or just caked in makeup.Found an empty spot at the bar, couldn't find a bottle list to see what scotch they had. Bartender walks over, I ask her what type of scotch they have since I can't see their bottles in the dark. She drops her jaw and rudely says, "I have 50 types. What do you want?" No offer of a menu, no suggestions, even my friend behind me said wow, what B*t$h. Alison, so it says on my receipt, did not get a tip for that overpriced 12-year drink. Maybe I caught this particular bartender on a bad night, but if I'm paying $20 or $30 just to be in there you had better offer some degree of service.The busboys or servers or whatever those little guys in vests do literally sprint down hallways and push people out of their way. There is a bottle service delivery system that uses some weird blue diamond chariot thing carried by two guys and two girls with sparklers. There were no tables or extra dance areas, only two poorly lit go-go dancers. Overall, this club was not a positive experience.When we left after only 20 or 30 minutes, I asked to go back to the cashier but one of the eight suits coordinating door entry listened to my recap and refunded my money. That was the best part of my experience there.The prestige of being in the Bellagio does not warrant a $30 entrance fee to the Bank.
1	went to the bank for a friends bday. waited outside for an hour until some tourists next to us offered to pay a bribe to the bouncers to let us through the line or crowd. the bouncer asked for 20 bucks per guy. there were 5 guys so the dude ended up giving up 100bucks just to get us thru. then when we got the the main entrance they still were charging 30 bucks per person even though 100buck were just dropped as bribe money. they treated us like shit and told us to leave or else they would have to escort us out. worst experience at a club. those bouncers and everyone at the door make a lot of money just on bribes we saw it happen for a whole hour before they let us through. there were tons of cash "handshakes". maybe that's why its called the bank because people end up leaving all their money there. never again!
5	I didn't know exactly what to expect before I went to The Bank. All I knew was that people were telling me that it was the hot spot on Sunday nights. It was my last day in Vegas out of 5. Me and four of my buddies were completely exhausted after partying for so many nights straight. The nights before we had exceptional experiences at Marquee and XS. And I didn't know exactly what to expect. As we got to the front of the line, we decided to do the bottle service. With all indications pointing to a shoulder to shoulder, annoying experience in a club with a Vegas portioned crowd in a much smaller venue. The lines were filling and we were the third group being escorted to our table. We were slightly disappointed when we were walked over to our table because it was not located on the dance floor, but we decided to take it anyway. I didn't expect to get a prime location because we did not book ahead of time and we were a slightly smaller party than some of the huge ones located downstairs. So.. By now you might be wondering "Why the 5 star rating"? Well.. my short answer to that is SERVICE SERVICE SERVICE! I have never achieved better service in any venue than I did at The Bank. Our hostess, Eva, was one of the kindest, most down to earth women we had ever met in Vegas. Vegas is a place that normally aims to please, but most nightclubs in Vegas are completely opposite of that. Many nightclub employees in other venues act as if they're doing you a favor for everything. We felt nothing like that here.The service was prompt and the hostess takes only a small section so she's always available to pour your drinks, watch your tables and just take care of you. She was extremely social, and always smiling. The other thing I was extremely impressed with, was the assistant who was helping Eva. It was a young gentleman who had the best work ethic I've ever seen in any place in Vegas. I didn't get his name, but I do hope one day he reads this or his employer reads this. He was so quick, so efficient and there was never a moment he wasn't working. If the mixers even got remotely close to reaching room temperature, he changed them up. If our ice melted even the least bit, he changed the bucket. He even went out of his way to make sure all of our beers were sitting on a piece of cloth whenever they were just touching the table. He even adjusted the box of matches in the ashtrays. I've never seen such work from any Vegas employee in my life! And I'm a Vegas regular! Someone please commend this guy! He was working Sunday, May 1st, 2011 with Eva!! Ok.. nuff of that..The next thing I really enjoyed was the bathroom experience. Now.. this is one thing that most Vegas clubs do right.. They're always very kind in the restrooms. But there was one guy who made me laugh every time I entered. He would say "Welcome to the restroom, where your piss is always appreciated!" He was another impressive fellow.Now for the actual club experience.. The crowd was crackin!! From the reviews I've read.. I might have just gotten lucky. But we met so many cool people from all over the world in a single night. There weren't any scavenger girls trying to score drinks from our table which I was really surprised about.  We had several different parties just socializing and dancing. In fact, it was so overwhelming at times, we had 3 different groups at some point and not enough seating. Everyone was extremely upbeat, social and ready to let loose. Everywhere I went someone new would approach me just for a conversation, or for a dance. Even the table next to me offered my table free drinks on top of what we already had. This was the spot. I had a beautiful blonde bombshell in less than an hour of being there, and the rest of my buddies were inaudible but the expressions on their faces were priceless. It was pure fun.I'm not saying that all experiences will be like this. I understand that club experiences may vary dependent on the group you go with and the people that you meet. I remember going to Tao years ago and having the time of my life and going back a second night in a row and it was complete shit.  But I will tell you this. If you decide to take the bottle service, you will be taken care of. And you will not be disappointed. This place runs on efficiency! The employees here do not know what it means to walk. They are always running! The staff here is ready to work, point blank. I will give you all one warning. This place is very small compared to many of its competitors. The main floor is equally as crowded as many of the clubs are in Vegas, but not more crowded. They do not have an outdoor patio area like many other properties, so get ready to stick it out inside. XS and Marquee both give you options of taking the party outside where it is more spacious. This is another reason why I would recommend the bottle service at the Bank.
5	I had one of the best experience in my life here. The staff is awesome! Eva, you rock ^_~. Definitely get the bottle service there since it'll be totally well worth it throughout the night! And never forget to tip them for such an awesome service!
2	First bad move entering before 11 pm, it was dead empty!!  The drinks are kind of weak and trust I'm a light weight and I noticed. Then the dance floor is super tiny especially when you have SUPER RUDE bouncer guys pushing you because you are too close to the bottle service area...GOD FORBID!! But there is no where else to go!! Especially by the time I started dancing because there were actually people inside!. The music was good, but the dudes are pushy...One guy had the nerve tell me I ditched my friends to dance with you, what are you gonna offer me?!? Me: Not a damn thing get a life!
3	Of the Vegas clubs I've been to, this is my least favorite. The concept doesn't really work and it's really small. Now Lavo is small too but this place packs it in so much, my friend could barely breathe. We had to rush to the bar for a $7 water. The music is also very sporadic. One minute it's top 40s and the next it's oldies. If you're looking for a Sunday night spot, I suggest Lavo or The Jet
3	went here to meet up a few friends - and judging by the line outside - i figured this has to be the hot spot at the Bellagio. there had to been at least 100 people crammed in every which way to get in. people claiming they were VIP, dolled up girls trying to bat their eyelashes and flashing cleavage to get to the front of the line, guys tryin to flash jewlery and business cards - but none of them got in still. have they forgotten? this is Vegas! Sin City! Cash is King! so my friend and I spoke to the door guy and negotiated a nice little deal and we were let right on thru. going up the long escalator to the second floor - the music was pumpin hard. getting hyped up, anxious to see what was beyond the blue lit hallway. gettin there... i was rather disappointed. the place was rather small. a square walk around with bars on both sides. having to go down one level to the VIP booth seating around and down one more flight of stairs to get to the dance floor. in stating the obvious - probably not the best club to go to if you're wasted as it even takes yet another flight of stairs to get to the bathroom. so many stairs - so much liability.i understand its vegas and all but $10 for a corona and $9 for a bottle of (by no choice) Fiji water... that's more expensive than premium gasoline!one of the things i didn't like was the size of the dance floor - it was so packed and security will literally push you out the way - male or female, large or small to get thru the dance floor. and the DJ would constantly stop the music and give shout outs to celebrities that were in the building. annoying and pointless - unless they got money for me or gonna buy me a drink. who cares!I'd much rather go to Rum Jungle at Mandalay Bay than The Bank again.
5	And yet another fabulous club in Las Vegas !! Go here if you are a hip-hop music lover, do not expect any house music and typical "vegas" mixes here. The Bank is probably my favorite club in Vegas, hands down.The place is a decent size and has a black and gold theme going on. They have walls decorated with cristal bottles, which adds to the classy feel of the place.Good place. GO GO GO !
5	Love the Bank. Door guy Brad is the man.
4	This time I made sure to remember what you looked like Bank.Everything in between might be a little blurry, but I thoroughly enjoyed you this time.  Bottle service was about the best I've had.  Drinks never went beyond half empty and they are on top of their sh*t there.FYI it gets confusing trying to get out of there when you're intoxicated.  We walked around in circles before we accidentally found our way out.Great music, great service, great times!
4	A "Fib" for The BankPer the suggestion of Jared P.*ahem*SmallClubS'all goodTop fortyChill in V.I.P.Too bad I lost my freaking clutch*bow*:)
2	The Bank is pure Vegas cheese. Bottles are brought to your table via a giant diamond shaped carrier escorted by girls with sparklers. Be sure to spend a lot of money because there is a "$15,000" diamond pendant going to the table who spends the most. LOL Spending money won't be a problem either because water is $8 a bottle and there is NO tap water! Or ice for that matter. The dance floor is quite tiny and the workers are very strict about sitting at the tables so you can forget about resting your weary stiletto'd feet. Exiting the club also turned out to be a bit of a pain when we had to wait in line to take an elevator down because the club didn't want to reverse the 2 escalators. The highlight of my night was when my friend dropped her napkin and a worker literally ran across the dance floor to pick it up and scampered away. I felt like I was at Wimbledon!
4	A promoter saw me and my girlfriend walking the strip and asked if we'd like to get in to The Bank. She took us straight in - passing the line completely- fully comp'd. Great looking place and the fact they drop foam and confetti- well it excites me and I'm not sure why. Really good music- a lot of house. I know a lot of people don't like that kind of music but it's good in a place like this. I like how it seems so exclusive and you're bound to see a celebrity or two- not that I really look for them. I really don't like how pricey coat check is but I guess that's the business.
2	Unless you're a group of hot girls or are willing to payoff the bouncers, you're likely to be waiting a l-o-n-g time.  There is no real line, and you'll need to get the bouncers attention to have a chance of getting in.  We were in Vegas for a family trip, so it was me, my brother, and our significant others.  My brother's gf and I got the bouncer's attention, but when he found out that we had guys in our party, we got sent to the other side of the herd.  When we got the attention of a bouncer on that side, he said that it would be a 2+hour wait and that the cover would be $30/person...but if we helped him out, he might be able to get us in faster.  I've never done this kind of thing before, so I had no idea how much we were supposed to "help" him out with.   We ran into a few guys with extra passes, so we were able to get in without cover, but we ended up pooling together about $100 to "help" the bouncer out.  Once we got in, it was a lot smaller than I imagined.  The drinks were outrageously expensive (as was expected) and the dance floor was so small that we didn't even try going down there.  The music was "eh" and we didn't get to see any of the money drops or foam drops that I've read about in other reviews.  After a few hours, we were bored but felt like we had to get our money's worth.  Just as we were about to leave, there was a flurry of activity and there was a surprise performance by Far East Movement.  Other than that, the whole night was a big disappointment.
1	If only I could give this place 0 stars. Wow.To be honest I should have known better than to come The Bank but it was Sunday and most of the clubs on the strip were closed and it was supposedly one of those "hot spots" you had to hit in Vegas. We made our way to the Bank around midnight which was our fault because we had the "golden ticket" for ladies to get in free before midnight. I heard some girls grumbling about how they were still not let in even with the passes so it looks like even if we had come earlier we still would have had trouble with the line.People are completely right when they say this line is a mess! Its a circular mob with the bouncers just letting people in randomly. I don't have a problem waiting in line but these bouncers were the rudest people I have ever met. At first I wanted to laugh at their stone cold faces and ear pieces, but then I realized that they clearly thought being security at The Bank was equivalent to being a secret agent protecting a US ambassador. Seriously? Get over yourselves.Once we were let in (group of 4) we paid in pairs and my friend and I were charged more than my friends in front of us. We didn't know until we were already let in. Made no sense what so ever.The club itself is small and there is no place to sit if you don't reserve a table which I heard was around 500$. The place was jampacked and it made it impossible to dance let alone move through the crowd. We bought a round of drinks swayed back and forth in the crowd and then tried to crawl out of there within 30 minutes. Biggest waste of money I spent in Vegas keeping in mind I lost $100 out of my purse the night before.BEWARE! Do not go to this place and spend one penny it is a complete waste of your time! Try JET if you want a well known Vegas hot spot.
1	A scam!  Myself and 3 friends bought VIP tickets to go here. But when we got to the place were told to wait in a crowd and make our way to the front. After 15 minutes we were approached by a bouncer who encouraged us to tip him to get in. So we offered him $20. He said " try 5 x that" and walked away.  A few minutes later my friend went to the front and explained our complimentary vip tickets. The bouncer at the door also requested a line tip to let us in. I can't believe the bellagio hasn't cought on to this scam yet!
5	Seriously The Bank is my favorite club in vegas!!!!! The music is what really did it here for me! The DJ was just off the chain and it was a sunday night. It was super packed but not too crazy where you can't walk. the crowd was very diverse which is what I love! the drinks had me messed up the next day but that's my fault. this place is very upscale and classy. long line outside but i didn't have to wait, got right in with a friend who had connects. Anyways me and my girl ended up meeting some professional soccer plays who had a table and they asked us to join. the rest of my night at The Bank was bombbbb drinks were strong music was nice and surrounded by good looking people ;) this is what vegas is about!! I loved it!! I will be coming back here next month and i can't wait!!! ladies make sure you dress up because you never know who you'll meet ;) enjoy!!!!
2	I've been here only one time, it'll be my last... I have been to clubs all over Vegas. But when it comes to service, just horrible. I guess it must be because it's owned by "Light Group".. Pshh what ever. Save your time and money and take it to the Wynn or Encore, I mean if you are going to spend top dollar then it would be fair to receive superb service. Besides I am tired of the same old music. Top 40's?? Really need to take it to the next level when it comes to the DJ!
1	Horrible nightclub! Basically you gotta be willing to bribe the bouncers to get in. The bouncers will ask for a bribe AND the cover charge. I only went because I had a free entrance pass and was able to score free drinks.  I think a complaint should be filed against the bouncers for the amount of subtle discrimination I saw on various levels. I understand ladies get special treatment in Vegas, but I thought it was odd how most of the women getting in were white. I also noticed how some men who were not white had to bribe the bouncers MORE to get in than men who were white. It is messed up when you have to bribe bouncers AND pay more for being a racial minority in Vegas.I will never come back to this place. The staff was very rude and corrupt. I encourage everyone to spend their money somewhere else. This nightclub is horrible!!!
1	Too crowded, too loud, too expensive, too long a wait, people were rude.  pretty much sums it up.. bleh
4	This isn't the biggest club in Vegas, but it offers a good crowd and a decent experience. The night we went we arrived around 11pm. We were staying at the Bellagio so we were able to bypass the line fairly quickly. Note, our group was an equal amount of guys and girls.Once inside, you are on the second level and have to drop down to the dance floor. With our group, we were able to create a little of bit of breathing room to dance. The DJ was good and the go-go dancers were okay.There is a decent amount of space around the top to look down and the bouncers are not super rude like at other Vegas Clubs. I would return!
4	Granted, this isn't the largest or prettiest club in Sin City, but for what it is, it's 4 stars in my book.I've only been to The Bank twice and the first time I had too much of the open champagne bar...let's just say I was escorted out before the night ended.  This time we showed up on a Thursday and I was coming with a group of newbies so I made it a point to try not to get kicked out.  The club host offered my group of guys/girls one comped bottle and we took his offer.  Free bottle?!  Yes please!  Assuming we would have a corner table due to the free bottle, we were surprised to find that we were RIGHT on the dance floor!  Did I also mention it was open bar for ladies til midnight?!  Ladies grabbed free drinks at the bar and the fellas drank our free bottle. Give The Bank a chance. You may be surprised.
1	Terrible, terrible, terrible!!!!! This place is AWFUL!  As many of the other reviews said, the line to get in is ridiculous. There was  a hosted bar event that started at Carmel. After waiting in 2 lines to get a into carmel and to get our wristband, we get a drink. When we decided to leave, we're told we need an escort to take us to the bank...really?  Ok. When we got there, there were at least 3 different lines happening and the bouncers looked very stressed. We actually did not have to wait long, but I suppose my complaints start once we entered.One of the girls in our group is pregnant, so after we got our free drinks, she asked for a tap water. The bartender told her that would be $8 for a bottled water (we're talking those itty bitty Fiji baby bottles). When another friend took an empty glass off the bar to get some water, the bartender grabbed in out of my friend's hand and was extremely rude. I know hosted bars can be lame, but I always leave a good tip!  Anywho, the biggest complaint I have is that you couldn't stand anywhere. If you even stopped for 1 second, some bouncer waved a flashlight in your face and said "move, move!" At one point, I actually yelled at the women and said are you kidding, where am I supossed to go? She didn't respond...yeah the place was THAT full. My favorite part is they put a 6'5" man who was quite large on the dance floor to pick up glasses. So every 2 minutes, he's waving his flashlight, again, to "move, move!" I mean really...they couldn't hire some petite cute girl to work the dance floor? NEVER again. Don't waste your time here. There's a reason they have free promotions for this place all over the strip.
5	REALLY FUN CLUB IF YOU KNOW HOW TO PARTY! Do not come here with an attitude..just be open and have fun! you are in vegas after all!!we got in free with a hook up from a promoter! woo!
1	Horrible Horrible! First I was "given" tickets to get in. Only reason why I would go to a place called "The Bank" to dance and drink. Got there thinking that there would probably be a long line, but that was fine since I was there with my girls and we would have fun anywhere. We get there and there are two lines and a third "line" that was basically a crowd of people "begging" to get in. The bouncers are totally rude and think their "sh&t don't stink." They totally pick and choose whoever they want to get in. For some reason only couples were getting in. You would think that they would want more girls there (3 of us) since all I saw getting in through the "reserved table" line were guys. The following is what was really made us leave. So one of the bouncers told a couple to go to the front of the line and they jump over the rope to get into one of the "real" lines and he told them "I didn't tell you to jump the rope you never jump the rope you were to just (push) yer way to the front" of the "fake" line. Then he said "now you have to wait" and closed the line off with the robe....  MY JAW DROPPED!!! WTF! IS THIS SECOND GRADE??!??!? Then a minute later another bouncer came back and lifted their "time out."
3	Nothing special about this club, it has a dance floor, tables, bathroom, bar...pretty much all the essentials of a club. It's not that big, the music is okay...I've experienced better in Vegas. I do think the blue diamond bottle service is pretty cool and the elevator to the bathrooms is convinient. Overall, I had a good time but I can skip out on Bank next time.
3	There were people milling about but it did seem organized. I mentioned a promoter's name and got in without any wait. The music was loud and people were having a good time instead of waiting for the party to get started. We made our way down to the tiny dance floor and had to slowly squeeze our way closer to the center. People were making out left and right, taking up valuable space, mind you.  Photographers came to take pictures and didn't seem too pleased when we turned them down. I think we stayed for only 30 minutes. It was too hard to dance in a shoebox.
1	Don't go to this place, don't waste your time.....The Bank people are very discriminating they don't have any proper rules and guidelines. They will just ask people to stand in group in front of the door even when they form a line and stand. And then the bouncers are mean and rowdy let very few people in randomly as per their likes. They did not let a black women in and she was very upset despite of her being well dressed. I don't understand why is this so famous and being at Bellagio how can they do such a racism. Its really shameful of them to do so. I hate this club and people there and don't think Bellagio/The Bank  has any prestige or values.
4	As me and my friend were trying to figure out where to go on our last night of Vegas then back to work the next day... We  decided let's try here. As we walked by the Bellagio A club promoter gave us a glance and said are you interested in going to The Bank? We said sure. No waiting in line at all she escorted us there easy. She was very charismatic and friendly. As we made it in.. I loved how the sound of safes were going off... It was a total thrill and made me want to dance even more.  The photographers were very friendly too taking our pictures.. Great pictures too :) I love the foam and confetti another little surprise and many celebs roll on in as well. Very nice atmosphere beautiful chandeliers . goregous club layout... Music was great especially if you enjoy some good ol House.. One thing I might put on the negative table, the dance floor should be bigger. And the coat check is pricey. $$$
1	I'll apologize in advance for this lengthy review.  It's a story of how my two friends and I were screwed out of table service, yet not refunded for the bottle we purchased.We stayed at the Bellagio, hearing that The Bank was a great nightclub.  Saturday morning we called the concierge to reserve a table at The Bank for me and my two friends.  We spoke to someone at The Bank who told us we had a table for the three of us, informing us to arrive at 11pm sharp to get the table.That night the three of us showed up at 10:45pm, waited for about 45 minutes, and were finally brought to our "table."  Our "table" turned out to be the end of the bar, where we were expected to stand while we enjoyed our $475 bottle of Vodka.Before even being "seated" I told our host that we reserved a table.  The end of the bar wasn't a table.  He said they were very busy and couldn't sit us down just yet.  We ordered a bottle and two hours later still didn't have a table.  After trying to find someone to talk to for a long time, we gave up and left.I disputed the charge on my credit card for $651 with the GM of The Bank.  Everyone knows that you pay for a table, not a bottle.  I wouldn't order a bottle for $475 + tax and tip if I were going to sit at the bar.  The bottle is a proxy for a table. The GM offered me complimentary tables on an off night for their mistake.  I declined with the intention of getting my money back.After several back-and-forth conversations with multiple people at the Bellagio and The Bank, I decided to bring the dispute to my credit card.  After a few months I just learned that my credit card company won't give back the charge.I'm rating The Bank a 1 out of 5 for having bad service.  They told me during the dispute that tables have a 3-bottle minimum.  Had I known about this minimum before or during my visit, I would have spent my money at a different club.  They completely screwed my friends and me by charging us the equivalent of a table without actually giving us a table.  Furthermore, I totally would have bought three bottles had I known that's what it would take to get a table.I'll never come here again because of how they treated my group and me.  Vegas is about service.  The Bank doesn't have good service.
1	I can't actually review the club itself because I refused to bribe the bouncer to get in.  The cover charge was $50, but to make it there you had to bribe the bouncer another $30.  A group of 5 people next to me 3 guys, 2 girls gave $100 to the bouncer and he asked for $50 more. This club has a line for the people on the "guest list", also for other who have table reservations. However for everyone else they don't have a line its just a crowd of people begging the guy to let them in.     That guy wouldn't let anyone in if they didn't tip him.  I know that's common practice at a lot of clubs, but I have never seen it so blatantly exercised.  Literally everyone who was let in had tipped the bouncer, I don't understand why Bellagio would allow this to continue.  The RACIST bouncer is making almost as much as the cover charge.  If you ask him a question he will just walk away.  If he asks you who's in your party and doesn't like the response he'll just walk away.  I can't believe people put up with all this crap just to pay a cover and buy overpriced drinks.
3	Recently had a great Labor Day weekend in LV. One of the places I always visit is the Bellagio for the classy atmosphere and the buffet they have.Never did I think I'd patron the nightclub there, considering the fact I am not a huge fan of the club scene in LV because of various reasons...I must say, this place seemed visually harder to get into than Noah's Ark.. the last row boat on Titanic.. you get my drift...If you haven't dropped $475ish per bottle on table service... is a female with other females... is a male with females wearing barely anything...knows people whom work there... then, your probably going to stand in line for 2 hrs just to wait some more...Luckily.. that night I just got out of the Cirque O show next door at the O Theater. While there, I had acquainted the senior art coordinator at the gallery. Hence, I was in that last category of people whom was able to patron this establishment.Once inside, its a typical layout, bars on each end with a dance floor in the middle.Since this establishment plays strict face control, you will find a lot of very attractive females here... or males if that's your thing... I had fun all in all... didn't spend too much money... luckily considering the Casio broke me off already.
1	I am a frequent visitor of Vegas and the nightclub scene in Vegas.  A friend of mine who is a Casino host for the Cosmopolitan was having a bday party at the Bank the first night we arrived so we decided to go here instead of my normal Sunday spot XS.  I was referred to a vip host so we set up a table for 6 people (3 girls,3 guys) for 3 bottle min.  I was assured to get a decent table on the out-skirts of the dance floor.  So when we got there, I gave the host a $200 "handshake" and thanked him for hookin it up for us.  He walked us in....before we even get to the "main" area, he stops in the hallway before the dance floor and says "this will be your table to get started and I'll move you guys within an hour to a table on the dance floor." So we didn't think anyting of it, ordered our first bottle....long story short, we never did get moved, we ordered all three bottles (we spent over $1800) and the only funny part that came out of the whole thing was us asking people as there were walking out "how's the club" lol So that part was funny but I wil definitely NEVER EVER go to this club in Vegas.
5	The Bank is HOT!!!!The girls and I went for a "family" weekend the last weekend of August and we went on Thursday night.  Since we're all girls, we got in around 11:00pm for free.  Man, it was FUN!!!!  The club is beautiful with a sunken floor and a great crowd.  For a Thursday night in August, the club was packed and the DJ was sick.  They played everything from hip hop and mash-ups from the 80s and 90s including mashed-up rock songs.  I think UNLV must have been started school that week since there was an active student body on the floor getting their booties spanked and their groove on.  I can't wait to go back for more ...Vegas is HOT!!!!
3	I have been here twice so I will average out my reviews to 3 stars (2.5 if they did half stars) Last year was my first visit. I'm not really a dancer so I was just here to people watch and drink with my cousin. We got in for free but ended up having to pay $42 for two cocktails and a water. Then we got to stand in heels for two hours! I finally said to hell with this and left. This year somehow my cousin was able to get a comped bottle service for 6. Even though the table and the bottle were free, we had to pay 95.00 gratuity. Not bad, seeing how only 5 of us made it to the table. I was going to pay that anyway. Our waitress was fantastic! Music was great! Only go here if you are on the list or have a pass and can get bottle service.
1	We heard they played HipHop on Sundays, so we thought we wld try this place out on our last night in Vegas. Upon walking up, the "pubber" guys didn't even give me any of the "girls get in free" wristbands (the first place NOT to). Now I consider myself a damn hott female, so i dunno what his excuse was.  Needless to say,  we stand in a hodge-podge of a line. It was total chaos. Of the 5 bouncers no one seemed to have any rhyme or reason behind how they were choosing ppl to "let" in. My boyfriend and I stood at the very front of the  line for about 40mins. The bouncer wld choose ppl behind us, next to us...but not us. It wasn't long before I realized that the bouncer was choosing not to let us in & had no plans to anytime soon (unless we tipped him big like others did). I also began to think he wasnt letting us in b/c we were black....it's 2011 dude. Get over urself. After about 45min we left. It wasn't worth it to me to endure that crap......AND they weren't even playing hiphop #FAiL
1	I like clubs.  I perform at clubs.  I do events at clubs.  I lose myself every few months with hitting clubs, losing it on the dance floor, etc.  I'm not new to the way the whole scene works.-The worst club experience I've ever had occurred at this hilariously terrible establishment.-My first time there was for a comp'd evening for a friend by the club after he cried foul with a certified letter when a bouncer gave him a hard time for asking if guys playing for the other team went to The Bank.  I thought this whole thing ridiculous until I went to the club for the comp'd table the Bank gave him and while waiting for him and everyone to show up dealt with the RUDEST bouncer I've ever met with.I don't know where Light Group finds their cronies.  I mean trolls.  I mean, bouncers.  They must have searched out every bridge in the world and pulled all the trolls out from under them and hired them to work at the Light Properties because the bulk of them are far beyond the typical bouncer and act as if they're the guards to the Federal Reserve.  The velvet rope area is a disaster.  There is no line - it's a clusterfck of drunk bozos who are getting pushed into giving 100 bucks to the bouncers so they can get into this overpriced, crowded club.GIRLS.  There are NO places to sit down.  This is not like certain other clubs that have benches, chairs, etc to sit and relax.  None of that.  This is one of THOSE clubs.Grey goose vodka at a table?  Thousand bucks.  Yes, you read that right.One particular Sunday I heard that one of the top DJ's of the world, BT, was headlining a Sunday night there playing house music.  I was ecstatic.  I dressed up, headed out, arrived, waiting an hour for him to set up.  He comes on, starts playing... fifteen minutes later the club shuts him down for not playing hip hop.  One of the top DJs in the WORLD and this pathetic club asks him to leave because he's playing HOUSE MUSIC as was outlined?  Holy GOD.  You can go to Jet, Tao, just about any other club and hear Hip Hop.  EVERY.  NIGHT.  Just a WASTE of my time.  Thank God I didn't pay to get in.Save your money and save yourself.  Get AWAY from this club and may it sink into the sea, er, desert.
4	Typical club scene! Nice music, crowded. Get on the guest list! Do not show up and expect to get a good attitude at the door. Search online for Chris Hornack, freevegasclubpasses.... It gets your name on the lists and you get to skip the line! priceless!! At The bank, they talked us in to getting a table, which with 8 people didn't work out to bad. Its Vegas.
2	I've been here twice, one was for a birthday and we had bottle service. That was cool. Another was just to dance and club. Nothing really spectacular about this club. I'd say I've been to better places. In both visits nothing has really stood out. It's been really packed both times I've been here, so I guess some people find some appeal in this place. Getting in was very easy, no wait, no harassment, and open bar til... I forget what time. But that's mostly due to Chris Hornak. Look him up, you won't be disappointed. I'd just advise to stay away from the Bank.
3	Not the best place to be. There was so fun vibes and its super small. Stairs, heels, and drunks never mix. One of my friends had a table there so I went. Honestly I don't think I would go back.
1	Fun and spontaneity are sucked from you right at the door.  This should have been a fun girls night out...we were in fact on the guest list and comped at the door.  The scene is without class, the staff is crass and after what I saw and experienced, you couldn't pay me to go here again.
3	Outside: Door staff was not unlike any other Vegas door staff. If you have a group of guys they have their hands out on your way in. Luckily we had spoken with the manager earlier in the day an since we had a penthouse in the bellagio we were let right in.Inside: you go up an escalator into the club. With that kind of slow entrance, the suspense definitely builds so I thought it better not look like Cheers in there once we got to the top. Of course I knew it wouldn't but I had to over exaggerate. Anyways pretty cool looking inside. Was a pretty big place inside too. Had a good DJ. Played mostly top 40 but mixed up the background/instrumentals and threw in a lot of old school stuff too. Spent most of the night in the balcony above VIP  which gave us a pretty good vantage point and easy access to the bar. Drinks were priced as expected. We went on a Friday and good thing we did too because it was $19 vodka red bull night. Long story short it was a nice place, but I can't say I'm eager to go back.
3	Ok let it be said loud and clear..THERE ARE NO COUPONS THAT GET MEN IN FOR FREE AT ANY LAS VEGAS CLUB!!! AND WOMAN YOU ARE ALWAYS FREE B4 12 AND GET ALL YOU CAN DRINK WRISTBANDS!! Of course the "free" booze is limited to certain drinks, you get your standard vodka cranberry, beer, and some shots. We were handed some bogus coupon from a street vendor stating guys in for free but later found out they weren't, but the club promoter decided to let my hubby and friends in for $20 a person instead of $30. The club itself was just ok. The music was great and the layout is ok. There was a strange mixture of ppl here, some were older some younger, my girlfriend and I dressed up in hot cocktail dresses only to find woman wearing jeans and tank tops? The best bet here is to get table service, but at a 2 bottle minimum w/ bottles starting at $475 i'll PASS! Next time it's Marquee for us! Too many ppl w/ hardly any space for ppl if you don't have a table. You're either on the small dance floor w/ creepy ppl or shoved up top at a crowded bar.
3	Not one of the most popular spot for clubbing in vegas but a-ok if you are staying at the Bellagio and don't want to go out of the casino.Here on NYE, stayed at the Bellagio. Totally didn't expect to go out considering cover for all the venues were $150+ and I had two guys with me. Post dinner the guys actually wanted to go out so I had to pull a rabbit out of the magic hat.Smiled and flirted with the promoter at the door. Negotiated free entry for myself and $50 per person for the guys instead of $150....and we were in business.Small venue, very little spaces to dance and no seating unless you have a table. Strong drinks, if that's your thing. Again, not my select choice but convenient if you are staying in the hotel.
1	The Bank is a terrible experience I cannot believe the Bellagio lets these clowns run their club! Eric the bouncer up front walks around and try to juice everyone for $100 cash just to get through the line to then pay $50 per person to get in only to find out there is no where to sit and hangout.We visited the Bellagio thinking we haven't been to Vegas in a long time we waited 2 hrs in line stood in front for a hr but got bypassed when people not knowing pulled cash out.I offered $30 Eric the Runt of a door man kept saying "need more than that I like $100" The Bellagio was very nice the lake in front = amazing the Club and especially the bouncers and line people up front = terrible ! Go to Cosmo the club there is amazing 66000 sq ft only took 5 minutes to get in.
1	Unfortunately I have experienced horrible service the both times I have been to this nightclub in Vegas!!! I will not be returning here again my next trip to Vegas!!! I usually font write reviews but I need to say this,:First time I went here in the summertime, the security was awful and completely rude. I went with a bunch of girls and one guy... Every security guard was telling us different things and it was completely unorganized. They were complete snobs acting like since they work there theyre someone special. Instead of inviting they were rude. Inside the club was nice... I will say ...but way too small!! I decided to try this place again when I came back during Halloween weekend... Which I expect the security to be more tight that weekend which is totally understandable! Unfortunately the second time was no better! And I will not be going back! The guy told us that it was 50$ to get in $30 with the card... Then they changed there mind and charged more... Like REALLY?? Don't tell me one thing and then change it within 2 minutes. The security kept letting people cut in front who had just got there which was ridiculous! And completely unfair. Especially on a holiday where it is going to be packed our group was mostly girls and 3men... They checked everyones Ids then as the girls were going up the security says let only girls in right now... Um ok then let the guys u checked Ids come in then do that.!!!Same experienced happened here 2 times unfortunately. We had a way better experience at pure in caesars palace! Everyone was sooooooooooo friendly there and there security all dressed up and looked like they were having a great time! Tao in venetian was awsome too! Tight security but were not nearly as rude and ignorant as the people at the bank! I understand you need to do your job but there is no reason to be a complete asshole! It's unnecessary. Just made me not want toSpend any money there.
2	Not too bad but not the worst. I would definitely look elsewhere next time.We tried to get a "reservation" with AMEX concierge which works in about any place in NYC. No luck, they wouldn't even answer the phone for them. Like most bouncers these people seemed miserable and on edge, we don't want to fight you just go in.. hahaDoor charge, obviously, i believe it was around $30 (only like $10 for girls that night). Which is OK but Jesus give us a break on the drinks. This place was stupid expensive. My time was ruined by thinking about how much i was spending. As far as crowded goes. i would say 80% filled, not horrible believe it or not, i was able to walk somewhat. Not too much going on inside. The place was forgettable on the whole. The only noteworthy parts were the walk in (escalator)  and the elevator ride out.
5	I've only been to Vegas twice. I was here on Memorial Day Weekend of this year & went to about 6 clubs while my girls & I were here. This was the first club we hit up & I wished we never left  =[The DJ was killing it that night, I LOVED IT!Sure, it was crowded but it is Vegas on a Saturday night during Memorial Day Weekend, what do you expect? There are tons of booths & VIP sections. So many places to dance, I LOVE IT! By far for now, my fave club in Vegas! We'll see if it stays the same when I go to Vegas next year!The photographers are suuuuuper nice!
3	Quick tip: As a hotel guest, you can get free entry before around 11:30pm.  Call the concierge to get on the list, and you'll wait in a separate, much shorter line.
3	I've been to the Bank twice - and both times for the open bar. It is a pretty sweet deal ... house liqs + champagne for the ladies from 10-12.The crowd is a complete mish-mosh of random people that the promoters picked up along the strip. I'd imagine this spot as a pre-party for most ladies to knock back a few free drinks before heading to their real destination.The last time I was here this midget (legit 4 feet), in a polo and jeans, was walking around the bar begging girls to come to his table for free drinks. He actually said, "Put down that $1 tip and come drink with me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Hmm... really difficult decision there :P
2	This place is AWFUL! The flow of the club is terrible. And the dance floor(s) are pretty small. I'm a pretty assertive sort of girl and it still took a good bit of work to actually get on the dance floor since it was packed - mostly with people who weren't even dancing. And the DJ was UNBEARABLY BAD! My 6 year old niece could do a better job. He only knew how to play the intros to songs, usually the parts that you can't even dance to since there's no real beat. So annoying! The only reason I have them ** instead of * was because they got my drink order right: vodka martini, up, with olives in a rocks glass. At least I've got that goin' for me.
2	$30 cover charge for a female?  $$$!  Was alright.  Three tiers of dance floors, bars, and seating.  Mostly good vibe of clientele.  Light up foam sticks given to the occasional random club-goer to pump up the mood.  Was not a fan of that pricey cover charge though...
2	Went to The Bank because I was invited to a private party.  We had a room to ourselves which was really nice because you could not move anywhere else in the place.  It was way too crowded.  Went on the dance floor but dancing was out of the question with so many bodies pressed against each other.  I'm not a big fan of "house music", actually I hate it but this wasn't that bad.  The beat changed every half hour or so.  The real problem with this place is that they rip you off at every turn.  We were supposed to have all the alcohol we wanted for 2 hours from 10:30 - 12:30 at no charge to the guests.  The door personnel were so disorganized they kept sending us to the wrong place to get in.  They were taking forever to let people in so we didn't get in until 11:00.  There goes 30 minutes of our free drinking.  Then they cut off the free drinks at 12:00 instead of 12:30 and charged $15.00 for low end vodka and cranberry juice.  I realize this is Vegas but, really?  And no imported beer.  Only the standard domestic stuff.  The party was organized by a residential condo association with over 800 units.  You would think they would want the experience to be such that we would want to come back.   Everyone I spoke with said they would never go back.  This assocation organizes a lot of events in Vegas and we are always treated very well by the venues.  I guess The Bank has enough business that they don't have to treat their patrons well.  Must be nice.
4	Well my first day in Vegas, I was staying at the Excalibur and told myself lets give that place a shot as its the closest to where I am. Went there around 11 the place was a little bit empty and got there using the free pass got it at the concierge so that's the first good sign. In 30 minutes the place was packed, music was electrifying I couldn't stop dancing. If it wasn't the Christmas weekend I would say scoring a chick there is a gaurendamntee, spoke with a bunch of girls coming from LA anyways I'd expect more bachelorettes. They lose one star for the overpriced drinks but what isn't in Vegas however the beautiful circulate the place offering free vodka shots in exchange for a tip and they won't go anywhere until u put a buck for every shot you take(really ... I'm not stingy but not fool too..lol) well I don't mind anyway as I was drunk. Bottom line this place rocks reconsidering this place next time will be in Vegas.
3	All-around solid Vegas club.  I'd probably give it another star or two if I was a girl, but since I had to pay the cover charge and for drinks, "A-OK" is the rating they'll get.Going with three fine ladies and one other guy, we were able to get in to the club after waiting for only thirty minutes or so.  It was a bit confusing to figure out which line we were supposed to wait in to get in, since there were three of them?  All the ladies got in free and got free drinks for the first hour we were there; my buddy and I had some cards for half-price cover, but that still set us back $20 each just to get in the door.  We re-couped some of our losses by making the ladies get *us* drinks with their temporary free-drink status, but after midnight, drinks were not cheap.  At least the wait at the bar was not horrible.Definitely a lot of action here - lots of loud music and dancing and a large crowd on the dance floor.  There was more bass from their subwoofers than half-a-dozen pimped-out rice rockets.A few missteps from the DJ were pretty funny: "Anyone here from CALIFORNIA???" ::wild screams everywhere::"Is NEW YORK in the house???" ::crickets::  hahaha
4	This is one club that's been around for a while but, in all honesty, when am I ever in The Bellagio to go to this club!I was at Bond at Cosmo and my friend's friends had a table at The Bank.So, I'm thinking: "Yay, I finally get to check out The Bank AND there's free drinks!" Hellz yesssss, the answer will be: "When are we walking over?"Initial thought is: this place is small. In Vegas clubbing terms, it's the size of a lounge already. Like the size of Lavo.2nd thought is: Ohhhh, I like the music! Like Lavo Sundays/Vice Sundays; it's hip hop top 40 type ish. We alllllll know how much I like that!
3	After my experience at this club, I am pretty sure I will never go back... and I'm a girl.I spent my NYE there because Bruno Mars was there.  Luckily I bought my ticket early, and paid a whopping $150 for EACH person to get in.  I know, most of you are thinking "well, I'm sure there were plenty of people that paid thousands of dollars to get in and have a table" - and my response to this is - that's their fault.... because I didn't see ANY tables in this place.  I'm sure they existed... but there were so many people there, it didn't make a difference.I'm not quite sure where to start with my experience.... but I think me missing the countdown to new years is a good place.  My boyfriend had to go to the bathroom... and because it was so crowded one of the bouncers literally told him he had to go outside of the club to use the bathroom.  At that point, I realized he had been gone for nearly a half hour.... and found out he was outside of the club and was not being let back in.  It took 20 minutes of arguing with the "manager" there, explaining to him that HIS STAFF told him to go outside, and it was completely unacceptable that he was not getting let back in.  Luckily I won this battle.During the fiasco above, I was also notified that this was an "over-booked" event... that was at capacity.  During this time, I watched the bouncer behind him accept money from a group of people and got let up with no problem, and then the same bouncer got hugged by a group of girls and again - they got let in with no problem.  Hmmmm.... maybe the bar was "over capacity" for me because I wasn't a single ho-bag rubbing up against one of their bouncers.Also, I think I should note that we spent about 2 hours waiting in line to get into the club.... and during this time of not being let back into the club, all of these random people without tickets were being let in, while those WITH tickets were standing there furious.I have no doubt this place was over capacity for the night... which is another thing that concerned me.  Had there been a fire, or something else happen, I bet half of those people in that bar would have died.  Next issue........ I had purchased a drink, I want to say I spent $15 for this cocktail... which is fine, I'm not complaining about the price here.  But 2 minutes after I got it, I set it down on the bar.  Another staff member who was cleaning came by, told us to move, and as I was reaching to move my drink, he scooped it up and THREW IT AWAY!  The best part about this was the bartender was watching the entire time and did absolutely nothing about it.Now please, take these complaints for what they are worth - and know that there was no way I was expecting to have my new years be some intimate setting in the middle of a club - because I'm not that ignorant.  However, regardless of where I am, what day/holiday it is, or what celebrity is around - there needs to be a certain standard of customer service that people need to adhere to.I don't think anybody could PAY me to come back to this venue.***********UPDATE AS OF 1/12/2012****************** I wanted to update this review and let everybody know that after my experience, I was taken care of. I worked with the Assistant GM of the club, and have gotten a full refund of my tickets. Although I can't "relive" the event, this will help greatly. I plan on giving the club another chance, and using my refund to purchase Bruno Mars tickets at another date and time. THANK YOU for everything.  I am changing the review from 1 star to 3.
1	Boycott Light Group events! NYE at The Bank Nightclub at Bellagio a total disaster! Waited 1.5 hours to get in, over-sold event, no room to even stand, no Bruno Mars, no champagne, people having panic attacks because it was over crowded! False advertising! Fraud!  Unless you plan to drop min of $5k, avoid Light Group events!
4	We went here to celebrate my birthday. We met one of the promoters just outside the Bellagio while watching the water show and he put us on the guest list. As females we of course got in free and were given free drinks. The music here was great and crowd was really into it. It also felt like a more upscale crowd than some of the other places we went to while out. I'd recommend checking this place out if your in town.
3	Anywhere else, I imagine that this club would be the hottest ticket in town. But in Vegas, it's just A-OK for me.The layout is pretty cool, with a large circle of tables perched over a sunken-in dance floor. It's on the smaller side. The clientele seemed to be generally young and not too tragic, although I did see a couple of older women totally getting their groove on on the dance floor, and I loved that! Getting in and out of the dance and bar areas was totally manageable.The music here is really what warrants the 3-star review for me. Granted, it was relatively early on a Friday night (we arrived around 11:30), so it's possible that this is a totally different story at 1am on a Saturday night/Sunday morning. But the music was straight Top 40, with a few beats to form transitions. I hear this stuff on 102.7 KIIS FM on Friday nights back home. And then when Guns N Roses and Def Leppard started making their way into the lineup, I knew it was time to bounce.
3	We got a table here for my friend's bachelorette party.  It was very expensive and we we knew that way ahead of time and were completely fine with the cost.So we have to divide up the night into 2 sections because half of it was great, and then the end of the night was just horrible.The great part:- We got a table right on the dance floor and it was SO MUCH FUN!  Seriously, way exciting to be right in the middle of the action and to have such easy access to dancing- The waitress/ server who was helping our table was extremely attentive and helpful.  I'm not sure we had 1 bucket of ice for more than 10 minutes at a time cause they replaced it so often - it was quite a sight.The bad part:- About 3/4 of the way through the night, they decide they want to move our table.  Why?  We're having a great time?  They moved us to another table on the dance floor it appears to close off the tables in that section of the dance floor.  Really unnecessary and since we all had purses and drinks to move around it was a big hassle.- The bill ended up being over $200 more than that had quoted us over the phone, and it didn't include tip.  - The person paying fills in the tip, and since she is drunk cause she has been drinking at a table for the past 5 hours, sloppily signs the bill.  Keep in mind, she signed the bill, it just wasn't the exact same signature as the one she had at the beginning of the night.  They made a HUGE deal over this.  They brought out managers, had multiple alternate checks for her to sign, threatened to kick us out even though we weren't doing anything wrong.  It was this completely unnecessary scene.  In the end someone else we were with ended up having to charge it to a different credit card.  It was such a mess.The billing situation but such a bad stink on what was otherwise a really fun time.  It really was great before that though so I'm giving them 3 stars but would highly recommend that you sort out the billing situation before getting drunk or have someone sober plan to pay.
4	I liked this one a lot because there were 3 different levels. On the floor was where you'd go to get down, the next floor up was still groovy but there were couches and less room to move and then the top floor was where you'd go for drinks and to stand and people watch! I personally love to people watch so I thoroughly enjoyed myself here. The DJ was also pretty dang awesome! He was apparently from fresh prince of bell air?  And worked with boyzIImen?  Idk but he was good at his job. The weird thing here was that drinks were free but only if they were alcoholic! My sober sister tried to get water and they told her they only have bottled and it would be $12...... LOL what?
1	I was never a fan of nightclubs, but we thought NYE and Bruno Mars, that should be fun!NOT!!The problems started while waiting in line for the doors to open at 10pm.  There were plenty of employees in front of the Bank to give out will call tickets, but none of them provided any crowd or line control.  We were in line at 9pm and people started to get frustrated and angry as it reached 11:30pm and the line had barely moved.  People started to push and cut in line.  There were no ropes to control the line.  Bank employees were letting people cut in line and selecting certain groups to enter the club even though everyone had purchased a ticket for entry.  Employees started to rush people in after 11:30pm and we finally made it into the club.The main hallway was packed with people and we were pinned against the wall for about 5 minutes while people tried to push their way through.  Security was more worried about getting the camera man inside so they made way for him while pushing us against the wall.  We were concerned for our safety because of the mass amount of people and lack of control.  After about 15 minutes, we were able to stand normally without getting pushed and were able to see the stage.  At 11:55pm Bruno came out and started the countdown.  We were not able to get our champagne toast as promised.  There were no employees offering the toast, and we could not walk around the club because of the crowds.  We rang in the New Year very frustrated and exhausted. Around 12:15am a manager came to one security employee blocking the entrance to the lower level and yelled at him to let people down because he needed to clear the main hallway.  We were finally able to breathe and start enjoying the show as more people were let down to the main floor.  We also witnessed people tripping on and getting tangled in beads and drapes that were hanging along the wall and on the walkway.  We ended up leaving around 12:45pm after Bruno finished because we were very disappointed with the lack of management and security.I know it was a crazy NYE night, but we will not be coming back to this nightclub again.
4	This place is so awesome! Probably because on the day I went, girls got VIP treatment, so it made my experience extra special and memorable. I've only been here once, and it was on Christmas Eve of last yr (2011). On our way to The Bank, a club promoter handed me and my guy friend passes to The Bank. How convenient is that? Guys paid a reduced cover charge of $20, BUT for girls, it was FREE admission AND FREE premium alcohol until midnight. You heard me right, FREE freaking TOP SHELF ALCOHOL for girls. That's what I'm talkin' about! Too bad my guy friend and I didn't know this sooner. We got inside at 11:30; there was no line. Since only I could get free drinks, with every precious minute counting down, I put the bartenders to work immediately. Scouting the place quickly, i noticed there were only 2 bars, 4 bartenders, so I made rounds at both bars with 4 different bartenders to get 4 drinks for my friend and me before midnight. My ass busting paid off; the free drinks were huge and strong, and I started feeling a good buzz by midnight. The Bank has a very exclusive vibe. It's similar to NYC clubs, chic and classy. Music was hip and extremely dance-friendly. It's a good environment to hangout with friends, but probably not the right spot to mingle and pick up chicks & dudes just because it's more of a large sized lounge than a dance club. Bartenders and staff were gorgeous and friendly! Based on the many reviews of this place, it looks like they treat girls really well, e.g. free admission and drinks until a certain time. I'm curious of HOW GREAT the bottle service price really is since many ppl rave about it. I wouldn't suggest this place if you want to have a grand time in Vegas, but it's a nice/hip spot to preparty or end your party at. It made a good impression with me though.Warning: My guy friend bought two Hennessey on the rocks, and his bill came out to a whopping $42 bucks! I'll admit, the glass cups were almost filled, but still?!? Did I mention that he was charged $4 dollars for ICE CUBES!! Those ice cubes better have been made from bottled sparkling water!
3	The club was packed on a Sunday night.  Doormen knew nothing about the bottle service our promoter had set up, so we had to pay regular cover.  Regular vodka/redbull $19, Jack and Coke $16, beer $10  (not horrible price I suppose).  Separate bouncer for the lower bottle service area.  4 or 5 bottle service booths far from the dance floor/action (be aware if you get too good of a deal as it may be one of these.)  People dressed nicer than at XS and Vanity.A lot more rap/hip-hop music.
4	THE BANK... was ridiculously poppin for a Sunday night. What started out as a bummed out night ended up being our favorite night out in vegas! To summarize...1. CROWD: a little more mature, and the dress was more casual than XS/Marquee/etc. spotted some people wearing jeans ... keeping it classy fo sho2. MUSIC: top 40s, a little house, and BAY AREA MUSIC! The dj killed it. We were having a good ass time, but apparently we were the only ones from the Bay Area ... seeing as we were the only ones giggin' and everyone else looked clueless.3. VENUE: very pretty, you take an escalator ride up to the club. All I can say to describe the venue: gold accents and criscrossing rectangles. The bar was on the second floor, which was good since it therefore allowed the first floor to be all dance and minimal spillage of drinks. i'm tryin not to ruin my clothes here!Now usually you see celebrities or guest DJs at the Vegas clubs, but who would have imagined the Bananas in Pajamas making a guest appearance?? It's not very often that you see a dude surf the crowd in a banana suit... pretty boss NGL. check the picture if you don't believe me!
1	So, I went here with my girlfriend and my friend from PA and were planning on having a really good time. I showed up with brand new white PUMAs on, and the guy wouldn't let me in. BUT, the two girls I was with,  wearing black closed toed heels and your friend was wearing open toed heels, got in... Reason they gave me? "No sneakers, we don't want you're toes getting stepped on". And I responded "But the one girl I am with wearing open toes, that's ok?" His response, "Ya bro, they are girls..."Will never go back, to many other clubs around to try...
1	New Years Eve at the Bank was oversold. It was a nightmare and an accident waiting to happen. The light group promised me a refund right after the event which I have still not received.  We paid $330 for two people, waited until 11:40 in line for a show that started at 10, and then we were let into a club in which you could not move an inch in any direction. I actually had a 50 somethings breast in my face and could not move to remove them. I couldn't get to the bar to get a drink nor to the railing to even catch a glimpse of Bruno. This was suppose to be a fairy tale night for my husband and I. It took us 10 minutes to push our way out of the club, ripping my purse in the process. It was truly scary and I am not a woman who scares easily. This was billed as an intimate evening with Bruno  Mars. I am not so naive that I thought it would be intimate, but it was so crowded it was unsafe. I am not claustrophobic, and usually I enjoy the energy of a crowd. Someone should make this right. I feel Like we were scammed.
1	I was so excited to enter the club. We had comp tickets from my hotel. When we got there, we were waiting for half an hour and one of the employees was only letting in people that paid him. He asks me how many in my group? I told him 4. He looks me dead in my eye and says "You take care of me and I will take care of you". Is that the kind of business they run? You have to pay the guy at the door just to get to the cash register to pay to get in? Im glad it did not work out because we ended up getting into 1oak at the Mirage and P. Diddy, Common, Lenny Kravitz, Chanel from Fantasy Factory, Quincy Jones were all there. Best club I been too
4	I was in Vegas over President's day weekend to celebrate by birthday. My girls and I went out around 11:30  Friday night, but we weren't really sure where we were going (we're not really big on plans). Luckily, as we were walking past Bellagio, a guy stopped us and asked if we were thinking about clubbing. Surely that should have been obvious based on our (super hot) outfits, but I can forgive him his silly question because he was a promoter who then offered to get us into The Bank completely free. We were game. He lead us through the casino, directly to the front of the huge line, where we were immediately let in. I felt like a celebrity or something. The inside of the club was beautiful. I'm a sucker for sparkles. We loved the dance floor. The energy was great, everyone on the floor was dancing. I would definitely go back. But girls, if you are paying to get in, you are doing it wrong.
4	Bank Nightclub never disappoints me maybe because one of my friends knows a hook-up and we always get VIP treatment and the cocktail server makes sure we are well taken care of.  Back in the day I went to Bank at least every Thursdays and a few Sundays and I guess the people I went with are always fun and definitely knows how to have a good time.  We usually get our table right on the dance floor or the table on the second floor overlooking the dance floor.  The crowd is a mixture and every time I seem to go there someone is "raining money" as it falls down on the dance floor. The only thing bad about bank nightclub is sometimes they play sucky music and oldies that can clear out the dance floor.
3	Xmass weekend!!!The third club we hit on a Sunday night!!!!We knew the DJ so we knew it would be fun... got in without any problems.. The place was PACKED!! There were so many people on the dance floor that I had to bring my head up to take a breath! What deducted the 2 stars is the people who work there!!! Everyone was rude! I didnt like the way the bartenders talked to us... we were standing by the bar with our crew and every time one of them would pass by instead of saying "excuse me" for us to give them some room they would literally push you, one of my girl friends fell down because of the pushing they did.. Very rude!!!! Its not our fault that the place is packed and you dont have room to move, we have no room to move either!!!! so Relaxxx!I would give this place 1 or 2 stars but because I always manage to have fun, I'm feeling generous and give them 3!!!
1	This club was a total joke ...the so called event guys (cuz they are way too small to be called bouncers) were rude and unfriendly .  We were on the guest list but they didn't care and they even have some rule that two guys can't stand near a girl in line ..weak! ..terribly represented club ...get some friendlier staff and maybe that will attract a better crowd ...there are so many great clubs to choose from in Vegas so don't make the mistake of wasting your money here ..
2	This place is a piece of crap! They guys at the door were asses and the way they were acting you would have though this was an exclusive place. Once we finally got in it was jammed packed. You couldn't even really enjoy yourself because it was too many people there. The decor was cute but it other then that its nothing I'd rave over. However the music was BUMPIN ...that was the best thing about it!!
1	Very disappointing. You'd think a club at the Bellagio would be awesome and classy. Not the case at all.Super small and just not what you'd want when you go to Vegas. There's nowhere to sit and the VIP tables aren't really roped off. You're basically sitting on the dance floor. This place is a waste of your time and money.Go to XS or Tao. Bigger and better for sure.
4	I've been here twice over the last year (August 2011-Sat and March 2- Friday this year), and both times I enjoyed thoroughly.  Key ingredients:1)  Bottle Service- But why Bottle service here and not somewhere else?  It is a pretty small club as many have already mentioned, so if you don't get it, you're left bobbing your head on the side of the dance floor or sitting with your elbows perched watching everyone else bobbing their head on the dance floor from the upper level.  You can potentially get stuck with a POS table that isn't even close to the main area, so be sure to ask ahead of time.  There is a two bottle minimum for every 3 people in the party, gratuity is included and its huge (38% i think)- so if you do the math, your paying around 1K, most likely more if you get decent booze.  Various promoters and servers themselves can get you various discounts, so networking is key if you become somewhat of a Vegas regular.Another note on Bottle Service- compared to some other clubs (Marquee), you're actually getting a good deal with respect to location of the tables.  While talking to a Marquee/Haze promoter, they expect $3k minimum for bottle service for a table in the main dance floor area, otherwise, you'll be pretty far away from the action (your preference).  Here, due to size and location of the tables, your never really out of touch with what the DJ is spinning.2) DJ Cobra- Plays on Friday nights apparently- I like him.  Think he has his own website if you want to check him out.  Good mix of music and good transitioning.3)Girls/Service-  There is not a shortage of good looking women both times I have went.  Based on the reviews, you would think less and less people would come, but surprisingly it seems like it is everyones first time, I spotted at least 4 bachelorette parties each time I went (those could be hit or miss) - luckily, people still make their own opinions about places.  The servers are HOT!  and very friendly.  Busboys work hard too, so be sure to tip once in a while.  Gratuity is included, but I do not believe it includes the busboysI was talking to a random girl and she said the club was too small.  I was thinking, if you went to a bigger club, it would probably be just as crowded and there would be no room to dance... mind as well just party in a closet yea?Some downsides common to Vegas clubs:1) Bouncers be bouncers...  however, once you get past the offensive line in front, the ones in the Bottle service area can do pretty good to protect your turf  (tip) and perhaps get rid of unwanted guests your drunk friends dragged in (guy and girl).  Never had to deal with waiting in lines or paying a cover charge (guys and girls) when getting bottle service.  The line looks so messed up, I wouldn't want to put in that effort.  When having a table reserved or requesting bottle service, the longest I waited outside this club was 10 minutes.2) Crowded- not as crowded in the Bottle service area- room for the girls in your party to dance and for your guys to bring in other girls.Balance is key- try to have some friends that are girls in your party- not a requirement if you're getting bottle service, but it changes the dynamic of your group so you don't completely ooze out your slayer attitude.  Think most guys know what I mean.Overall, you can have fun at any higher end Vegas club with the right people and $$, but Bank is one of my favorite.  Hope this helps.
3	Nice nightclub, the music was OK. For some reason JLO was super popular among a few other songs that were awkward to dance too.. hmm. Anyway, I ordered a vodka cranberry at the bar while waiting to receive our bottle service in the VIP and laughed when I seen the receipt for $25. HA. 90% ice. We had the far right corner of the VIP lounge that night with about 15 girls and a couple guys, it was a blast. They served Ciroc Vodka, which was fine with me, i'm not picky. We had random OJ's, Cranberry drinks etc to mix with it. The bouncers in the VIP kept a VERY close eye on our group making sure we did NOT sit even an inch over our 'designated' seating space. lol. It was a fun night, nice club. Halfway through the night someone (not in our party) had puked down one of the main walkways leading down to the dance floor and they could have cleaned it up A LOT faster. Not only did it smell foul, we had to basically hop around it and walk around the small rag looking towels they threw over it....YUCK. Over all, it was fun, i'd go here again but i'd definitely plan on trying other clubs beforehand.
4	We went to The Bank on Sunday (Industry Night -- you need to figure out what's open in Vegas on Sun-Thurs, and this is one of the places that is designated to get poppin') because we got passes from the Vdara front desk for complimentary admission.The Bank was a good time. The only bad experience is getting in the door. Even with the Vdara passes, you basically have to bribe the bouncers to get in (he pointed at us guys in the group and said it would still be $20-$30 each to get in -- yes a range, haha). So we ended up pooling some cash, shoving it at him with the passes, and he waived us all through. You head up an escalator into the club which adds to the mysterious feel. The place looks so tiny from the outside -- it's just a small door squeezed into the corner of Bellagio's casino. Once inside the place was PACKED, and pretty darn small compared to the rest of Vegas. Good luck moving, or even trying to find the bathroom. The music was decent, the drinks were as overpriced as you would expect, and there was this tacky plastic diamond thing that kept getting carried around every time someone ordered another bottle to their table. However the highlight of the night had to be when it literally rained money (I guess it is called "The Bank") and one of the girls in the group managed to collect $76 in ones (!) which basically paid for our tips and cover that night anyway, haha!I probably wouldn't come back just because there are so many more places to try next time, but there you go. That's The Bank on a Sunday night in Vegas.
3	I was recently in Las Vegas and my friends and I were trying to figure out what to do on a Friday night., Turns out an old friend of mine is DJ'ing at the Bank on Fridays (Shout Out DJ Cobra!!!). So after a few texts & facebook messages he was able to get me & my friends on the guest list.We arrived a little after midnight and waited a few mins, after getting passed over a few times we flashed a fifty and finally got one of the doormen to look over the guest list. Found my name and they gave us 10 cover comps, we were able to work out a deal for the rest of the people in our group and made our way in.The club seemed a bit small and crowded, a dance floor in the middle, surrounded by table service, and a raised cat walk around the dance floor w/ 2 bars on opposite sides.Drinks are priced typically what you would find at a Las Vegas club (I think I paid $14 for a screwdriver). I felt the vibe of the club was pretty good. I spent most of the night posted up at one of the bars or hanging out in the DJ booth with my friend.I had a good time, then again Im an old guy and have been out of the club scene for sometime.
4	What's good Sin City?!Came here a couple weeks ago with one of my bosses and his out of town clients.We had bottle service on a Friday night... DJ was great... everyone in the nightclub was having a good time.... the club was packed. Can't complain about anything.I'm a fan!
2	The only reason they are getting 2 stars is because the promoters are awesome; they were always so nice and eager to get my friends and I in and take care of us with free drinks.  However, the bouncers inside the club and the club in general = not cool.The dance floor gets SUPER crowded with lots of creepy guys who just stand there taking up space staring at the girls.  Like at least move to the bar and watch...don't take up space on the floor.I was told to stop dancing "like that" because I was dropping my booty and they said it was inappropriate; like really?! I easily pointed out 5 other people doing much worse (even some girl giving a guy a bj at one of the tables!) and they proceeded to kick my friends and I out because I was being difficult. Mind you, I had not been drinking at all so I wasn't drunk and arguing, I was just annoyed.They have tried bringing my friends and I back every time we walk by but I can honestly say I will NEVER EVER EVERRRR be returning to this place.  So rude!
1	Don't ever get bottle service here, for the amount of money we paid we would expect better treatment. we were thrown out because the waitress brought us a bucket of beer when my bf only asked for one beer, maybe the waitress didn't understand english idk but when we tried to clear things up the bouncers threatened to have my bf arrested I agreed to pay for the two beers that were opened (mind you the waitress brought the bucket with two preopened)  they also charged us for water we didn't order this was all after we were moved from our original table , our first waitress was awesome but once we were moved it was all downhill , I also had some suspicious charges on my debit card from the light group corp, credit union had to block my card from charges,  in retro spect we should have just skipped this place never had we ever been mistreated by the Vegas clubs but this place was extremely shady beware and go at your own risk!
4	Came here on a Thur night it was jumping. I was not dissapointed  at all wish we could of offered bottle service, but then again I am not that big of a drinker. Overall Dj was on fire would go back for sure.
4	Went here for my friend's birthday in February on a Saturday night. We were originally going to Hyde, but my friend got creeped out by the V for Vendetta masks the dancers were wearing and we bailed. :-) Overall at The Bank the DJ played good music and we had a great time dancing. Crowd was mixed. Some Jersey Shore lookalikes bought the birthday girl some tequila shots, then one of them picked her up to show off his muscles. GTL.Negatives: $8 for a small bottle of Fiji water. Stairs down to the dance floor and stairs to the restrooms, not easy to navigate when you're wearing stilettos and drinking!
5	I visited The Bank twice while in Vegas and loved it. Much like other clubs, it is a complete cluster-f on the dance floor. I recommend splurging for bottle service + a table, or making friends with people who do the splurging for you. That way you can dance to your heart's content and not be confined to a 12 inch by 12 inch square on the dance floor.
1	Honestly never got past the bouncers, they were slow and incredibly rude. Had VIP access and a reserved table, paid $150 for it and they never let me!! My ID was apparently a week expired, I had no idea it was an honest mistake! And with out state paperwork about a renewal they would not let me in. I even had my Social Security card on me! And its not like I was being argumentative, I was just shocked at being asked for state paperwork. I thought they were being funny till they surrounded me and made me walk backwards  in stelito heals past the velvet ropes only then did they explain why they were not letting me in. When my girlfriends noticed and came to ask what was going on they threatened to kick them out too! That was totally rediculous none of them had done anything wrong and their IDs were fine! OH and to top it all off they would not refund my money! Personally I will avoid big time when I come back next spring. The Haze at Aria is where I will be spending my time.
4	First time here.  Came with my gf last minute since Marquee was too expensive for guys with Kaskade in town ($80).  Ran into a promoter on the way in at the Bellagio and asked to get hooked up.  Gf got in free (with free drinks till midnight) and I paid $20 because of it being Saturday.  Regardless, free drinks on a Saturday is AWESOME.  Bartenders here are very rude, especially to girls since they are getting drinks for free.  DJ during the night was terrible, the mixing was done poorly compared to other places I have been to.  Dance floor is very small.
3	**1st stop of the Nite Tours event, so front of the line entry and no cover.The Bank really does exist in Vegas?  Here I was, thinking it was just the name of Al Pacino's hotel in Ocean's Thirteen.  The real question is - where is the room inside The Bank with all of those Five Diamond awards?  ;)Compared to the handful of clubs I've been to in Vegas, The Bank ranks as one of the smaller ones.  After you make your way upstairs, they have a walkway that rings the outside of the club with two bars on opposing walls.  A tier below, there's a cordoned off section of tables, with another section right below that which circles their small-ish dance floor.  While it was cramped being out there dancing, at least there were brief moments where you had a bit of space.  However, it didn't help whenever the workers for the table service would plow their way through.As for the rest of our experience, it was mixed.  The crowd was fairly mixed, but definitely a little older than places like XS, Tao, and Marquee and the DJ spinning was just okay.  I liked the lighting effects and how they had smoke jets and foam machines above the dance floor, but the dance floor itself is just so small.    While The Bank didn't necessarily have any fatal flaws, it didn't offer much that stood out either.  At least we walked away with one highlight for the night - running into Coolio and taking some pictures with him.  Too bad his celebrity status peaked over a decade ago though...
1	Before I start on The Bank...I would like to note that I had heard many great things about it prior to going...and therefore would like to think this was a very off night for them... The 2 main reasons the Bank didn't live up to expectations:--This place is a small club with a big club mind set - as in they will fill it til they can't fill it no mo. That meant that I was constantly smooshed against someone else...everywhere - on the stairs, near the bar, on the dance floor.--Everyone who worked there was a complete jerk. This was perhaps the most disappointing part - look I know you have a tough job with all these people in the club at one time, but don't be all-out snarky to me all the time. K - thanks.All in all - the music wasn't great, the place itself was small and way too crowded, AND you want to treat me like I trespassed in your house?! Yep - not coming back.
5	first time at this nightclub I had a great time!showed up at 10 with another girl and a guy, girls were free admission and my friend paid $20, not bad...at all..It was open bar for ladies so I was already excited about that, my drinks were so strong it was awesome the bartenders do a great job with that.the atmosphere was very upscale it was a elegant scene I loved that. had a great time on the dance floor I admit after about midnight it got a bit too crowded for me so thats when we decided to take off, still had a great buzz at that point. the music was kind of old school maybe jams I would rock to if I were still in high school but I figured they would play the newer stuff more towards the end of the night afterall it is open till 4 am.I would totally recommend checking this place out if your in the neighborhood. awesome venue.
5	This place is awesome!! Went here for a friends birthday and got bottle service. Drinks were strong and the music was pretty good. The security is friendly and helpful and even escorted us in and out of the bathroom. Every time my friend needed a lighted cig a security or hostess had a lighter ready for them.
5	We got a VIP booth for friends birthday!! the service was great, the bouncers were outstanding and not to mention good music and enviroment, even got upgraded to better booth free of charge they definitely treat you like royalty and even though it is not cheap it was definitely money well spent and made our night!!
4	Lai - is a great host. He made sure our party of 14 ladies got in without a hitch, and when we did have to wait in line,  he had us covered and in a nearby bar getting free drinks until we were let in. Great customer service. :)
4	Came here on a Friday night after getting one of the bazillion free passes from a street promoter. Im not sure what the deal was that night, but we ended up walking right in and not having to wait in the long line (heck yes). Of all the clubs I have been to in Vegas this had the best energy and best crowd. Tons of attractive and well dressed people, the DJ was amazeballs, the dance floor (and club itself) was packed, and the fun multicolor LED foam sticks were really fun to play with/slap your friends with out on the dance floor. My two girlfriends and I were lucky enough to get invited into the VIP and the service there was fan-freaking-tastic. One of our newly acquired guy friends kept taking his shirt off (yep, no problem from me there) and the bouncers were there quickly to remind him of the dress code. This happened about four, possibly five other times, and each time the bouncers were super cool about it. Best club experience in Vegas and the next time I am in town I will be sure to check this place out again!
4	This place is amazing. I personally loved it and would defenitely return. There are beautiful people here, trendy and music was amazing.I came here on a Saturday Night to celebrate my sisters birthday and earlier in the day we got approached by one of the promoters, his attention and customer service 10+. He sent me a confirmation for the night and before the night began sent me a text with details. When i got there i texted he soon after came over even offered drinks from LIly Lounge until we got in. The following morning we got a text message just thanking us. I thought his customer service and attention was a huge +. Next time Im in Vegas  i will defenitley contact Jared... Thanx a bunch\Now to the club OMG I love it, the dance floor was pretty small and soon after midnight the crowd was out of control super packed to advise that if you book here defenitly book a VIP table. There is no where to sit.  My most favorite part was when the hostesses would greet the the people at the table would light these lights up and would make an announcement. The decor is nice, there are two dancers. Overall this place is a defenite. it was a group of all girls so we were able to get in for free and free drinks until midnight after that each one got 5 passes for 5 more drinks. Girls are favored. VIP all the way for sure.
1	Where to begin... The Bank was the most disappointing aspect of my trip to Vegas. We were brought in by promoters who were advertising discounts on the strip, just outside the Bellagio. Being that there were just two of us girls, he stated that we were going to be added to a group to better our chances of getting in quickly. That was the opposite of what occured. The security guards were extremely rude and disorganized. When we attempted to move our way up towards the entrance, the gentleman in the group we had been paired with were constantly harassed. We attempted to explain that the promoters had grouped us together, but they refused to let us through the line as there was not an even number of girls and boys (though there was). I've never heard of anything like this at a club in Vegas! Furthermore, every time they counted those who were in our group, they came up with varying numbers. Once everything was (semi) sorted out, many of guys were denied entrance because of their shoes or method of dress. Mind you that they looked like every other man in line. The security guards were just beyond assholes. Finally though, they decided to let us (my friend and I) in. The only positive aspect of being associated with the promoter was no cover charge. But, for reasons I cannot comprehend, they would not let my friend in! She had a temporary ID from the DMV as hers was in the process of being renewed but they wouldn't accept it. Needless to say, our "adventure" lasted an hour and was totally pointless.
1	Worst nightclub experience with the smallest dancefloor that I have ever had in Vegas and I've been to several clubs on the strip including Jet (closed now), Pure, Rain, LAX, and Marquee. First of all, we made sure to get complimentary cover passes since the cover is always a bit at most Vegas clubs even on a Sunday night. I was with one other couple and the ladies got in for free with theirs. They told my male friend and myself (guy too) that we had to pay since they don't accept them as complimentary any longer, even though it specifically said it's free cover with no restrictions on the pass. My friend tipped a guy on the strip $20 for the passes too and went through the trouble to find them which obviously ending up not being worth it. After that, it just got worse from here.... We were offered some free drink passes if we liked the club on facebook so we did and were told that they were good all night. Guess what, that turned out to be a total load of crap. The ladies got wristbands while we were waiting in line and apparently the passes were only good for them until midnight if you can believe that! So we kept having to chug the drinks to try and use all the drink passes before midnight. The last drink my girl got had spoiled orange juice and you could clearly see that by how it sank to the bottom of the glass. After that we just left and unliked them from facebook that very night and will never return to this place again, huge dissapointment from the prestigous Belagio.
2	Dope music spinning the entire night, clubbing deep inside the Bellagio The dance floor is sunk into the ground on a lower level, table seating up above, as well as a second bar on the top floor of the club.  I liked the decor, the atmosphere, the ambiance at the Bank is very upscale...dress to impress.The hallway when you walk in has Cristal lined throughout the walls, about 10 high and five deep for the entire hallway!  Unless those are tricky little mirrors, that just Dirty money!If thats not bad enough. I ordered two red bull and Vodka at the bar, they give you Skyy vodka which could be worse but they charge $16 a shot for the vodka, $8/red bull.  Thats $40 for two red bull and vodka!! Most expensive drinks of my life.  To make matter worse, the bartender only filled up the cup, then just threw the red bulls away!!! what in the heck Bellagio.
4	I came here a few years ago when it had just opened and I was not impressed. They let old people in here like in their 60s (I like that they don't discriminate but I would never want to come to a club in my 60s) who would stand one the second floor and stare down at us youngins' on the dance floor. Creepy. And the music was not my taste - can't describe it but I could not dance to it. But I decided to give this place a try again, mostly cause my friend knew a promoter who could get us in here, with a table no less. Service was awesome from the bouncer in front to the guy who escorted us to the table to our waitress and even the busboy guy who we had to tip for just coming around every 10 minutes to rearrange our table. Hahaha. This was my first time with a table and it was awesome! I wish we could get a table every time. I feel like I get more alcohol (and consequently more drunk) with a table. And you can just dance in your little area around the table - no fighting with drunk people on the dance floor. Music was also relatively cool - lots of popular hip hop songs. Towards the end of the night - they shifted more to house music though which I'm not a fan of. They even let us go on top the booths, where the seating was and dance above everyone. It was nice - we spent a good like 4 hours there. Although when we finished the alcohol, they didn't exactly kick us out but they cleaned up the table really fast and it felt like they were trying to make us leave. And I only saw one older couple there. All and all, a very successful night.
1	A Bank Wall street should have let crumble....OK, if the very low Star Rating wasn't any indication how I feel about The Bank that first sentence does the trick, I'm sure.There is an endless amount of nighttime dens of debauchery available to you in the desert oasis known as Vegas.  So what does a frequent visitor want to do? Try them all of course.  Hey, you never know if you like the place or not until you try it. I tried it... and I don't like it.For a group of attractive women in Vegas in town for fun and drinking; guest-lists are available aplenty.  We also had some Ladies free passes given to us earlier in the day. One way or another we were getting into the Bank the same way we get into every other club in Vegas....  FREE!We arrive at the Beautiful Bellagio and make our way to the club. Once we get to the Velvet Rope, we wait.  You must be thinking there was a line?  NOPE..... The Bouncers just seemed to be preoccupied with their thoughts.  After about 5 minutes of that (which is a very long time) we got in....  WOOHOO.  You ascend an escalator and BAM club time.  The club is nice. Not the best club in Vegas (decor wise), but also not the worst.  Its setup so that unless you have a very overpriced table and bottle service you are relegated to a crowded dance floor or walkway.  With security constantly telling you "you can't stand here" you are walking around burning calories.For some reason unbeknownst to me it started raining foam.  And what did I do? I screamed and ran for cover.  Sorry, my straight hair is not naturely straight... me and foam don't mesh.Here is why I HATE the club. I left out the club to meet a friend. I got my wrist stamped and never left the "area".  So I get my friend and go back to re-enter the club.  There is literally NO ONE in line.  And all 8 bouncers are ignoring us.  I get someones attention and he informs me they are at capacity and I have to wait.  He then said it will be $30.  Huh?  I show him my wrist (with the stamp) and he says "wait here".  20 minutes has passed.... then a guy comes out and looks at me and says "Hey, weren't you in here already?" Then instructs the bouncer next to me to let me in.  Really?  I went and got the rest of my party and we left.  I don't understand the douchebagery involved with being a Vegas Bouncer but I won't be doing much research as far as the Bank is involved.
1	bring your oxygen mask. there is a lot of lung cancer,smelly smokers
4	For now, I have a love-hate relationship with The Bank. I was on the guestlist for a Sunday night. Since our group had more guys than girls, the girls got in free, while the guys paid $20. The best part was the open Skyy Vodka bar! Were were able to get everyone a few vodka/crans. Have to admit that most of the party goers were cute/hot! The worst part was that the power kept going out every 5 minutes for the first 45 minutes that we were inside. Get it together! On top of that it was so crowded! Packed like sardines! The bouncers only cared about the bottle service patrons (as expected), but they need to learn that people will move closer and closer to the tables as you pack everyone in more tightly. One of my guy friends actually got kicked out, lol, but walked right back in and continued to party!The Bank would have gotten 5 stars if it would not have been for the power problems. If you get bottle service they bring out a mini-parade for you including sparklers. If you are looking for Top 40's/Hip-Hop bangers on a Sunday night, I would HIGHLY recommend this place.
3	A friend and myself went here on a whim after receiving free passes from a girl on the street. We waited about half an hour in line. You have to take escalators up, which I thought was pretty cool. You walk into the second floor, which is where two bars are. You're looking down on the dance floor, which was crowded. We didn't even want to go down there. I guess Ne-Yo, Too Short and some Sacramento Kings were there, which the DJ kept announcing. I didn't like how he would stop the music to let the crowd sing either. The club itself is really nice though.
1	We went to the bank on a friday night, getting in before midnight. - Doors open at 1030. With VCard, you'll get in at 11. - No chairs. without bottle service, you'll be standing in your high heels the whole night. - Lame music. huge thing for us. "everyone's favorite jumping up and down, fisting pumping energy" dance music. "here's my number! call me maybe! :)"- For those that enjoy hip hop, you'll get lucky around 12:30. Not long. be sad. get a drink. - "free" birthday cake shots. tip required.- gets crowded. big girl jumping and fist pumping explains lots. - looking at the demographic and the size of the club, i guess it's appropriate to play what they did. not where i'd spend my friday night ever again. rather stunt at rain.
4	Came for last weekend for my boys bachelors party.  We opted for the bottle service which came out to about $1400.  Doors opened at 1030 and we were led to are corner table.  The club itself was typical of any club I've been to.  Dark, loud, cramped, a lot of girls wearing skimpy clothes, a lot of creeper guys (like me) trying to get with them, and alcohol flowing freely.  The music, I know there was some rap, and towards the end there was a Michael Jackson impersonator, but I was really too drunk to recall.What I do recall is that although the bottle service was way too expensive, the service was top notch.  Our waitress along with a gentleman (I don't know if he was a barback or just another server) were great.  They constantly came back and checked on us.  Bringing us ice, mixers for our vodka, and clean glasses.  So great job to them.  One positive of the bottle service though is that it gives you a place to sit down.  I would've hated having to stand all night cramped with all the peasants.  Being able to sit on a couch was a nice option since I'm extremely shy, and girls don't like me.Another plus I would have to say is security there wasn't the usual douchiness that you encounter at other clubs.  I know my friend got mad because one guy told him to take off his sunglasses, but that's minor compared to the lame shit you encounter from douchbag bouncers in the Bay Area (Why does your license say Oakland?).  No power tripping at the door, none in the club.  All they were concerned with was keeping people from standing on the stairwell which is understandable, and telling my friend not to fall asleep.All in all, a very fun night.
1	My sister & I were approached by a promoter on the sidewalk who offered us free passes to get in, but since we already booked one of the party-bus club-hops we did not need them.Arrived at The Bank and got in line with the rest of our party.  Did not wait long to be told that most of the WOMEN in our group would not be getting in because they were not wearing high enough heels.  Bouncers were horribly mean- most of our group ended up in tears.  I know most people reading this will think that the problem was with our party bus group and not with the bouncers, but I assure you that all of the ladies were wearing club style dresses with nice shoes (no flip flops or anything like that) JUST NOT HOOKER HEELS.  Funny ending- walked out past the same promoter who gave me his card on the street, showed it to him and asked if there was anything he could do to which he replied, "HUhhhhhhhh? Ummmmmmmm?"
3	Went two weekends ago....$30 cover for 3 cute girls from LA???The music in the line is different from what's playing inside, which was a good thing for us. Music was decent once inside. The doorman was pretty cool, and there's an impressive escalator leading upward and inside.$14 vodka tonics.... NBA players trying to out buy each other? Entertaining, and we lucked up and one of them generously shared!CHEESY men carrying the bottle service liquor in jewel shaped, glowing receptacles attached to rods a la pallbearers or Cleopatras servants. not cute.Overall, fun night but I wouldn't run back.
5	Walking out after a 10-min stay at The Hyde, a promoter from The Bank greeted us and persuaded us to try the club which we did and we had a very fun Friday night.  Group of 5 girls out to celebrate a bachelorette's party! We got in for free with a card for free drinks! Awesomeness! This club is super fun and I really like the music that was playing.  The way this club is set up kind of reminds me of Coco Bongo in Cancun, an escalator leads you up from the entrance, and the dance floor is big enough! I love the fact that it is not super crowded so we actually danced the night away.  Hate the people upstairs who kept on spilling their nasty drinks whether intentionally or not to the people dancing. Ugh! Other than that, this club is probably underrated.  The crowd is also very friendly! I love the Super Sonic hedgehog and the Lady Gaga wannabe with the staff and all their strobe lights! Fun, fun, fun!!!
1	This place made me wish I had a magic carpet and could at the exact moment I escalated in , teleport back to San Francisco. BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
3	Not one of my first choices...but it's alright. Things to know: - find a promoter that get you in and get you free drink wristbands. Free drinks end at around 12 so get there before then! Free drinks are just well drinks, so don't expect anything fancy. - there's a line for girls. Face it, all us girls know that you need a promoter, and you want to get in first, so expect there to be a line of girls trying to get in line to get in faster. Just come earlier and the wait won't be that long. - crowd is older or at least that's what I thought.- music was GREAT! If you like hop-hop/rap/r&b, like old school michael jackson and some tootsie roll, come here. I loved it. A great change from the house music playing at all the other clubs (don't get me wrong I love it, but it's a nice change) - dancefloor is small! the layout of the club is sort of weird. You walk down these stairs to get to the tiny dancefloor that's surrounded by tables full of creepy men. Overall, It's a nice club, great place to pre-game and start your night, but definitely not one that i'd finish my night.
1	Waitresses with strings of Christmas lights hanging off their asses...WTF?Well...what ELSE can I say? Small, crowded, poorly designed, arrogant and corrupt doormen, rude and pushy staff, EXPENSIVE, lousy music, lousy lighting...NOTHING exceptional or memorable about this place. Boringly PRETENTIOUS and STUPID, yet thinks its the absolute shit. YAWN.Haha! LOVE the dumb BIMBOS here who complain about older "creeper" guys in clubs. I guess if I'm over 40, I'm a "creeper," huh, but if I'm fat, ugly over 60, own a contracting company that builds shopping centers in Dubai and have a net worth of 100 million, then you lay-dees cant wait to get with me fast enough to swap your genetic material.
1	Fuck this place. I'm writing a review on this club from a gay mans point of view.  Yes I am a fag, but have been to this overpriced night club fuck hole before.I put my brothers on the guest list.  Told them to get there before midnight to get in free.  They got their at 11:40 and the bouncers wouldnt let them in because they didnt have girls with them.  Seriously?  So they paid $40 each to get in. Seriously $40 for a club that has a dancefloor for like 60 people and is the size of a lounge?  Talk about making a profit from ripping off your customers, especially guys.The last time I did go with 2 of my straight girl friends and got in free, but why is 2 well screwdrivers $32?  Thats $15.50 for a glass of cheap smirnoff vodka and orange juice?  Im so over all these pricey Vegas clubs that rip you off and the bouncers treat the guys like shit, and if you have a vagina you get in free? A little sexist if you ask me.  Not all guys are there to tear your club apart, there is some guys that are decent and honest customers who just want to go dance and drink.  I honestly feel bad for most straight guys that go to these clubs to get bouncers shining their flashlites in your face that you cant do this, you cant do that.  Go fuck yourself and shove that light up your ass.  Hate this club.  I would shit on their doorstep if I didnt have some class.
4	If you're going as a group of guys, just forget getting in unless you're on the guest list or buy bottle service, or are staying at the Bellagio.  Same if you're ugly, fat, or old, sorry.I went with my girlfriend.  Got there around 10:45 and stepped into the general admission "line."  The line didn't look that long, maybe 30 people.  We waited there for about 20 mins and the line didn't move.  We snuck to the front of the line anyway, and waited another 20 mins.  Not a single person from general admission was let in, only VIP, hotel guests, bottle service, and groups of atrractive girls who talked to the bouncer and a couple guys if they were with them.  I even saw plenty of girls get rejected for being ugly, fat, old, or not dressed nicely enough.  Very very discriminatory this place is, unfortunately, but also not that surprising.I ended up just asking the bouncer if me and my girl can get it, he gave us a good look up and down, and deemed us worthy.  My girl got in free with that promoter pass, no problem.  They stopped me because I had questionably unworthy shoes.  They called another guy over to check if my shoes were nice enough to get in.  Now, I don't like wearing really nice shoes to clubs, as they will get stepped on.  These leather shoe/sneaker hybrids are great for the not-so-nice clubs I go to.  After some thinking, they ultimately gave me the OK.  I got in for $30.There was some great house music playing in the beginning, and we went straight to the bar.  Rum and coke costs $14 each.  I sucked it up and bought it, but was about to just call it a night after I finish it.  I'm not paying $14 per drink all night.  We hit up the packed dance floor (surrounded by VIP tables), and have a great time dancing, with foam and fog and lights surrounding us.  We decide to hang out on the upper walkways, and what do you know? Waitresses are coming around with complimentary drinks.  With just a $1 tip each, the waitresses kept coming back to us.  These were strong and delicious passionfruit vodka shots.  We drank and danced there all night.  The place was still going strong when we left at 2:00.Without those $1 drinks, this place would probably get 2 stars.  Very hard to get in, small and cramped dance floor, and very expensive drinks.  I don't know if those complimentry drinks are every night, but pray they have it when you go.  There were also lots of girls getting free drinks with a wristband.  I don't know how they got those, but see if you can get one.
4	I'm going to make this short and sweet.Went here. Partied here. Loved it here. Despite the crowd, the bartender gets drinks out fast, the music is a-freaking-mazing and the crowd is a good mix. We partied here until dawn and loved every second of it. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'm going straight here.
5	Dj Havana Brown was ah-mazing when I went here...the venue was great to see a  special guest dj at because of the smaller floorplan we were actually able to SEE her, very intimate, wicked fun.  We found a lil spot above vip with a shelf to put our drinks and purses down (right next to the bar, great design for people without a table, convenient for refills) and danced the night away. Never a problem getting in or getting a drink (we even had a guy with us and we were on the guest list, so all these haters spreading their hate on here are over exaggerating for sure!). The crowd was sophisticated and well dressed, I wouldn't expect anything less from a club in the Bellagio. Kudos to the door for weeding out the crazies, sometimes in Vegas people forget their heads and cause trouble. Good security knows how to identify potential problems, and those guys obviously know their buisness at The Bank.   The dacor was well done, color pallet reflected the "richness" that the club's theme conveys. Gold and rich jewl tones scream money, I mean who doesn't love a wall of Crystal champagne!? Loved the repeat rectangular pattern seen around, very mid century modern, and worked well with the size and shape of the floorplan. Overall, great visit. Already recommended to friends and will return, especially if someone is performing that I would like to see.
1	My friends and I had a very disappointing experience I had at The Bank on Saturday, Aug. 18.  I had been planning this trip to Vegas for months for my sister's birthday. We stayed at the Ballagio hotel because we wanted an luxurious, all inclusive experience and to enjoy all of its amenities. We also picked the Bellagio for that weekend because we saw that Mix Master Mike was performing at The Bank. I called reception and put us all on the guest list and was told we would get in free before 11pm. We arrived at the club at 10:30pm...long story short, all of the bouncers were incredibly rude and kept telling us that the club is not affiliated with the hotel so they didn't have to let us in. How does this make any sense when the hotel reception put us on the guest list in the first place? Meanwhile, groups of other people were being let in. I'd like to note that I also called The Bank to make sure I didn't need them to put us on the guest list, and they also told me to call reception. We never ended up getting in and left pissed off and very disappointed. We had a great time at another club that night instead!  We will definitely not be coming back to this club and will tell others not to go here either as we were treated very poorly. I have already complained to the hotel as well that this club gives them a bad reputation. Again, I want to emphasize that the bouncers here were incredibly rude and disrespectful....We were all very offended.
5	I went to the Bank the night of my Birthday on a friday night. I got in free on the guestlist with 3 free drinks, I got my boyfriend in 50% off.  The club is soo swank and fancy. The crystal chandaliers hanging all over the place! Looked bigger in the pictures tho. The bartenders don't like it when the girls have their free drink passes, they like tips, so when I bought my boyfriend's drinks for him along with getting my free drink, they were nicer, it helps when u tip them while requesting your free drinks. I like that the top floor had railing with a long table to set drinks on and lean on when there is no place to sit. People are fighting for their edge of the rail, so stay strong on your section, so you're not just standing around. Plus you get a great view of the entire atmosphere from the top railing. The music was a mix of old school hip hop and recent day techno. You're not gonna hear no durty south in here folks, these are hip hop hits from the late 90s to the early 2000s Deathrow, Luda, Jeezy, Junior Mafia etc. I'm black, it was cool with me, So I had all kinds of high school throwback moments! It was a mixed crowd, where everyone was dressed classy. If you look tacky, you will not be let in, so look your absolute best. The shot girls are dressed cute, and they are also the go go dancers, and they offer shots for tips, no set price, which is fun. I was there when DJ Havanna Brown was there, so it was quite a treat.
1	Horrible horrible place! Went for a couple of friends birthday. Were placed on the guest list for free entry and free drinks till twelve. Got in line at ten thirty and then waited two hours to get in, only to be told that some of us couldn't get in cause no heels. The girls without heels went to go get them and then we were told it wasn't free anymore that it was twenty dollars. Fought with them and they agreed to let us in free but wouldn't let us wait for our friends who went to go change shoes. Those poor girls had to wait in line again so we just ended up leaving and going somewhere else. Horrible customer service! We will never go here again
1	Worst Experience Ever, Please Don't Go to this Place!The bouncers are really rude, they behave like they are top of the world and treating people like a piece of shit. After being treated badly, we wanted to talk to a manager. After waiting around 40 minutes for a manager to show up, the bouncer came us to say that "manager is too busy to talk to us". What? Seriously? He gave us a website address to make a complaint. The guy was so coward, when I ask his name to put on my complaint, he didn't give his name and called a security guy to send us away. I have never ever seen such a bad treatment from any organization so far.Please, please stay away from this place, there are so many other great clubs on Las Vegas that will treat you well and be happy to serve you as a valuable customer. I am really surprised that a  great hotel like Bellagio is keeping these guys in their hotel. Come on Bellagio, you can do much better!Don't go there, don't ruin your night!
1	What's with all the birthday wishes all night? I felt like I was at a children's pizza party joint. Lame.The venue is a small black box style room. Nothing unique about it. Very unorganized and rude staff. There was no real line to get in. The guest list line didn't mean anything. The staff was looking for big tips... Not worth the  change in my pocket. Ordered a drink and had to wait while the bar tender talked to his local friends for a while. Vegas has many amazing venues, even on Sundays. Don't waste your time here.
5	If your looking for a Vegas club that offers a variety of music (mostly hip hop) then this is the place for you. Me and my friends visited vegas for a birthday and we're stopped while walking along the Vegas Strip by a promoter for the club name Bobby. Bobby invited us to the club and offered to put us on his guestlist. When we arrived that night we had no problems getting in, we waited maybe 15 minutes. The inside of the club was beautiful and the AIR CONDITIONING was amazing. The music was perfect and the overall night was soo much fun. I will definitly be returning. Great service, great music, and a great club.
2	This club is okay. Nothing special. Had trouble finding a promoter, but I had contacted other promoters asking about a promoter for The Bank. Online, there is a number you can call for the guestlist and apparently calling doesn't mean they will put you on the guuestlist. You can only call the same day and they "will let you know by 10pm via phone or text" if you have made it on the guestlist or not. I do not know what the criteria for the guestlist is, but I never got any sort of answer, so I'm glad a promoter ended up contacting me that day and got my friend and I in for free. Got in for free with a promoter who was really nice. The promoter was nice, but the girls checking the guestlist at the door with bitchy, rude, and had an attitude of arrogance. Ironic since inside the staff was nice and around the casino the staff promoting the club was nice. Got a free drink as well, but of course, free drinks are not of the highest quality liquor. I like that there is room to stand all around the club, but it is a small club. The dance floor is very small. Went to the club on a Thursday night and saw an older crowd there. The music they played was good, top 40 mix with lots of music that I knew. I'm glad I got to to check it out because now I know. However, I don't think I like this club enough to keep coming back. There are many other very nice new clubs in Vegas, much bigger and prettier too.
4	I always have a great time here.  It's not the biggest or flashiest club in Vegas but the music is always great and the table service is some of the best you'll find in Vegas.
5	Great music, great crowd specially when u have a table at the Mez which is the middle floor so u can look down to the dance floor, not too big like some other clubs here in Vegas but service is amazing
1	Worst place ever!!! Don't go!! It willOnly ruin your night!!! Many other way better places in Las Vegas. Place should be closed and the people working there should learn some customer service
1	Terrible club, don't waste your time here. There are so many better clubs out there. I don't understand why you have to line up when you have a VIP ticket, and on the guest list, so confusing, noone knew what they were doing AND when you get inside the club was empty. Really really disappointing.
5	The Bank is one of my favorite nightclubs in Las Vegas. I love the intimate size and the music. Yes, it's expensive, crowded, hot, loud and the staff isn't going to help you if they don't know you. But that's Las Vegas. If you were waiting in line for a long time - that sucks. But don't be mad at the club or the bouncers. You aren't special. And you aren't that hot. You should put $50 in his hand and watch the ropes open up. The club is exclusive and I think that's great. Of course there are no seats without bottle service. Duh. This is Las Vegas not Columbus, Ohio. Pony up and get the bottle service. It's fantastic. I love the cocktail waitress. They are hot and friendly and dance with you all night. Yes, bottle service is expensive. What did you expect from a club in the Bellagio? It's worth it and I try to book at table every time I'm in town. The music is totally my style. I love DJ Ikon and DJ Karma. I'm pretty much into open format top 40/hiphop. I don't care for EDM. And yes it's loud. It's a nightclub. I personally, prefer more intimate sized night clubs like Tryst and Lavo to the mega clubs of XS and Marquee. I like how the club basically surrounds the dance floor on all sides and it's easy to find the restroom. When you are drunk and in heels you need a club that's easy to navigate. I also like how they have two long bars, one on each end of the club. I usually get bottle service but if you don't it's still easy to get a drink. The dance floor is small. But it seems like every club in Vegas has a small dance floor. I think the idea is to have bottle service, that's where the money is made and that's where the club puts all its real estate in.  I haven't been to a dance club in Las Vegas that doesn't have a crowded dance floor. And yes, it's also very hot because it's crowded. Only the outdoor clubs don't get hot. There are always lots of comments about the staff here. I have yet to experience anything that isn't exemplary. But here's the caveat: I TIP WELL! And I tip everyone. And I don't act like I'm somebody special. You know how many people come to Las Vegas and think they are the shit? Well, they aren't and the staff knows it, because if you were "somebody" you would have a host walking you in. Las Vegas is a money driven town. Maybe you are from a place where people are nice just because. Las Vegas isn't such a place. People work for tips. If you aren't tipping they aren't caring. This isn't just at The Bank. This is the WHOLE city. Get a clue and get on the program. I tip the door guy, the cocktail waitress, the security, and the bus boy. Guess What? They always remember me and they are always nice every time.
4	My wife and I went to the Bank last Sunday and it was fun. After entering the Bellagio, we noticed two well dressed promoters with fliers. So we chatted them up and ended up with a reduced admission pass as well as a free drinks wristband for my wife. The line was quick and the staff was typical club style staff. Once inside, the music was top 40 with some old tunes( 90's rap) mixed in. I had a great time dancing in the open spaces overlooking the dance floor and was pleasantly surprised by the "free" shots with a tip. It was some fruity vodka but not bad for a buck. Overall, it was fun and want I expected from a nivce club.
5	Went to The Bank on a Friday night and had a really strange experience that ended up being a lot of fun.  We were with a group of 7 girls  - Dan Stak (a promoter) hooked us up and we walked right in - no line.  Once inside we were taken to a table that didn't work out, so we were given our own table (no charge).  It worked out really well and we had an awesome time dancing the night away.  Bonus, Estelle sang a few songs and we had the table closest to where she was.
3	I had never heard of this place before, but was a pleasant discovery. Originally my friends and I wanted to go to Marquee but it was closed so we headed here. Like all Vegas clubs the long was steep. Instead of going to the general admission line my friends and I somehow ended up in VIP line, and they let us in for $30 (I lucked out and only paid $10 I don't know why) . The club isn't overwhelmingly large or tiny, it is just the right size to keep it intimate. I had fun, they played good mix of music and it wasn't overly crowded Surprisingly the guy to girl ratio wasn't ridiculous. There was a lot of Asian and Caucasian if that is your type of crowd.  Not bad for a Sunday we all had fun. I would definitely come back and recommend it to friends.
5	There is absolutely one thing I do not leave home without if I want to have a good time in Vegas - and that is my girlfriend, Marisela G.  She seems to have the magical powers of getting the perfect club promotor to make our stays and Vegas nights amazing.  For our last night in Vegas, we got tickets to get into The Bank at Bellagio.  AMBIENCE:Well, it certainly helped that all the girls in our group got in for FREE!  Plus, the guys in our group only had to pay $20, so that made it much more appealing for them to want to join us on our second night out.  The club promoter also gave all us girls wrist bands so that we would get a free drink at Lily Lounge right outside The Bank while we waited to get into the club.  Getting into the club was flawless and easy - thank you Bank staff for making one organized line.  Once in, we also got cards from the promoter as well where all the girls would get free drinks until midnight! This made for a VERY awesome night!The one thing I loved about this place was the intimate feeling of the club.  I know that other Vegas clubs love to stack dance floors upon different levels of dance floors, but for me, that design plan does not make me a happy camper when I am wearing my 5 inch heels and have to trudge through waves of people and STAIRS.  At the Bank, there is only one main dance floor.  For those who don't want to dance, there is the upper level where you can hang out and get drinks by the bar or people watch others dancing down below.MUSIC QUALITY:I looooved the DJ that was playing the night we went.  I wish I caught the DJ's name, but it was one of the best nights ever.  The song selection throughout the night was flawless, which kept the energy level up throughout the whole club.  Our whole group danced, sang, and laughed our hearts out.  There was more than just the top 40s or house music playing, which is why it was so refreshing.  Plus, how can you possibly go wrong with The Fresh Prince of Bel Air's theme song tucked in there?  OVERALL:The Bank did not disappoint and seriously left each and every one of us in the group with such great memories and an amazing experience.  I would definitely consider coming back here the next time I'm in Vegas!
1	Bank wouldn't let me in without high heels.I am a guest at Bellagio and was told by the concierge I could get in if I went between 10:30 and 11:00, early in LV.They were rude ,insulting and actually suggested I go buy a pair of heels and return. I was wearing leather silver with a flower flats and an Anthropologie Tulle dress.I have been to Bank over 15 times but will never ever go back there.Who cares anyway? They didn't even have a line.I went to Cosmopolitan ,got in easily and had a great time .Light group shouldn't be so nasty.Stop hiring looser thugs and dressing them up to look normal. Why does Bellagio put up with them? Also, the FIX restaurant has sub par food .Light must run that too.NEVER go to Bank .Go to Lavo or Marque instead.
1	This was an honest review.Thanks YELP for publishing.Trip Advisor turned it down.
1	The Bank... More like The Dank.This club is small and in a huge square, so it's easy to navigate. The crowd was a bit older, but a bit tacky.  Seriously, 40 year old men jamming out to Call Me Maybe just proves how much of a dip shot makes you.The music was all over the place. House to hip-hop to top 40. Really no cohesive vibe.Bottle prices are typical Vegas club prices. If you like their page on FB they give you a free drink ticket.There are better clubs on the strip. Much better. Skip!
3	The Bank in the Bellagio is a small club that can make for a good time. It's pretty small inside with a square dance floor at the center and plenty of VIP tables. I went on a Sunday night, which I surprisingly heard is one of their most popular nights. The DJ played a great variety of music, which I enjoyed. There were a couple of big let downs of the night. A majority of people in Vegas are there to have a good time. They expect great service, well at least I do. To put it in short, the DJ was a douche when I went up to ask for a birthday shout out. The night we went, the promoter hooked us up with free admission and open bar for ladies 10-12 (or something like that). AWESOME hook up right? Definately a bonus. The open bar does HOWEVER is only for a specific vodka, which I think was sky. Sadly I don't drink vodka, so this sucked for picky drinkers like me, but If you don't care, then a HUGE bonus. Overall, the bank was ok. It was a small venue, which made it more crowded and seem like it was "cracking". The crowd was young 21-30ish. The DJ played pretty good music and open bar for ladies and from 10-12 is a legit bonus.
1	If I could give this -zero- stars, I would.  Bouncers were rude, bartenders were rude, bar backs were rude, music sucked.  AVOID THIS PLACE, waaaaaaayyy better places on the Strip if you're looking for a good club scene.
2	Ok, so I think 2 stars is harsh, but I'm rating this compared to other Vegas clubs, as I am a local and have been to almost all of them.We came here on a Thursday.  We had a table and got right in, but there was no line so I doubt we would have had trouble.  But inside, the bouncers were RIDICULOUS.  We were NOT behaving badly, but they kept scolding us like it was a middle school dance.  Girls could barely dance with guys, one of my friends started to grind a little bit on a guy friend sitting in the booth and she almost got thrown out.  It's Vegas - relax!And I agree with previous reviewers about the music - house to top 40 and even some pretty old hip hop - not up to par for a Vegas club, sorry. Go to Tryst or Marquee if you're looking for a legit Vegas club experience, and if you're a local, you'll probably have a better time at Stoney's!
1	This place was awful! My friends and I were "on the guest list" and we waited in line for almost an hour and then a guy who worked for the club told us that there was no line anymore. So what was originally two lines (one for people who were on the guest list and one for people who weren't) turned into a big mob of people. Nobody who worked there would tell us what was going on. It was a very disrespectful way to treat your customers.
1	Jan 4th, 2013Pros:         Keri Hilson Performed Live.         Bank made it fairly easy to get in for Bellagio Guests.        Glow tubes were thrown from the balcony. Yes, everyone was         hit in the head but its not very heavy... just don't look up.Ehs:         Music was pumpin... but slow. Nothing you could really dance to.          Sure you can jump around and sway but come on now, lets get         movin! Put some lyrics on already!Terribly Bad:          I was shot in the club, that's right. By a gun? Yes. A weapon? No. People were shooting off party poppers, the type you shoot like a gun, with a handle. I believe The Bank provided them because of the Keri Hilson appearance.  Some idiot decided to shoot either at the floor or at me because it was close range and made impact with my ankle. The pain was the kind to make you double down and yell out loud.           Blood? Yes. Streaming down my ankle. Thanks a lot to The Bank for giving this to the idiot who shot me and thanks to the idiot who shot me in the foot after working the entire week standing at CES.This was a 2 Star review until I saw my credit card bill. I bought a friend a drink and the bartender (after 10 min of processing my credit card) charged me for 2 drinks! He probably pocketed the $ !
1	HORRIBLE. Seriously, really, really...REALLY bad. As a guest at the hotel I was disgusted by how the staff at this place worked. We went on a Sunday evening and there was absolutely NO order to the chaos. It reminded me of a bunch of dirty animals lining up around a food pen, waiting for food to be dropped. Two girls next to us were becoming more and more mad that they were unable to get in, yelling about how they worked at Hyde and always gave the guys free bottles and tables. I get it that happens, but for the staff of another bellagio bar to be so pissed and whiney, as a guest I  quickly realized I was just wasting my time. I get the whole club scene with the unspoken rules of tables, who-knows-who, and female benefit, but this was just piggish. Dont waste your time.
3	Great crowd but Im a New Yorker, not use to $600 bottles.
3	This is the first nightclub I visited after moving to Las Vegas. I was really impressed with the escalator entrance, and the size and atmosphere of the club inside. The bar was tough to get a drink at because it was so busy, and the bartenders focus on their favorite customers. The shooter girls offer "free shooters" but then stand there until you take one, and stand there some more until you tip them. The go-go dancers were more about their attire (or lack of it) than the dance moves. But all in all it was a good time, and I'd describe it as very Vegas in flavor and very metropolitan in appearance.
1	Only good for girls. They treat guys like shit until they buy a table. This club is not a hot club so unless you roll with a bunch of girls don't even bother.
1	Worst locals night in Vegas...We got there around 1030pm and were told that since it was locals night, locals were free. After waiting for literally an hour and 15min at the front, for general admission, we get up to the cashier lady and show her our IDs and she says $30 please. We explain that we are locals and we told that we were free. She said that the guys still have to pay $30... so we get pissed and walk out... We ran into the promoter that we met before going in and explained what happened and she was pissed as well.  At least she felt bad and tried to help out by getting our numbers for a possible table on Thursday, but we were not interested. My friend works 6 days a week and this was the first time she's been able to get two days off in a row since she started this job and we ended up wasting a night in line. I will never go to this club and never recommend it to anyone else.
4	We had an awesome time at the Bank, thank's to Christian Guterres.We were able to get a great table on the dance floor and a great price on a Saturday night last minute.Christian helped me plan a great surprise 30th birthday for my fiance -- starting with a Limo ride, skipping the line, and having full bottle service -- all pre-paid so we didn't have to worry about anything.Music was great - top 40s, R/B -- great for dancing the night awayIf you are looking for a great night out, contact Christian!
1	Disgusting. This was my first time in Vegas and they wouldn't let anyone of color in. Pulling me and my white friends in front of these groups, we told them multiple times there were people in front of us. After being offered in, in front it any women, men, groups, whatever assortment imaginable, we left with 3 reps of the club approaching us telling them that  we need to 'ignore it' and 'take it as a compliment'. Another told us they 'well THEY only ever order bottle service, so if they don't we're selective.' I am utterly mortified and would never give them a cent of my money though the reps told us 'you don't have to! You're beautiful, own it and you don't need to pay.' Incredibly superficial and intolerant.
4	will be here every sunday
1	The club workers were un inviting and rude.  Reserved entry tickets online vegas.com got the run around on to who to talk to. I was with females only.  Could of talked to the permoters but decided not to waste my time conversating when i got the tickets online before leaving for Vegas. However once in the club music was hard to get into the moment of the night.  Plastic Gold confetti was bursted out onto the dance floor.  Worst idea ever. Slipping and falling is unattractive.  If you own a club and u hire someone to sweep up plastic gold confetti maybe its just not a good idea. overall the club was un inviting and disorganized.
1	Wow, Vegas, what an original concept. A nightclub. In a casino. That looks like every other nightclub in Vegas. How did you do it? My best friend and I were approached at the Bellagio by someone asking if wanted to get in. They offered no cover and free drinks. We love free, but especially free vodka. You go in and go through this ridiculous process of getting a card, handing that card over and getting a piece of paper, handing that piece of paper to someone who directs you upstairs. You get two free drink tickets and then head to the bar. Thank goodness the paper swapping is over, that was monotonous. We walk in and automatically realize we're in a nightclub with a bunch of guys from Saturday Night Live bobbing their heads sideways to the music. Sorry, it was all I could think of. We head downstairs and we happen to be on the edge of 'VIP.' Oh, excuse me, I'm sorry that I have better things to do with hundreds (or thousands) of dollars than hand it over to your douche-y nightclub for the privilege of dancing on your sacred dance floor for a night. So, with that attitude, we actually get pushed (literally) back while some pseudo-body guard holds his arms out like he's protecting the POTUS and lets people who actually fell for the scam sit down. It was so offensive that I almost dumped my vodka on him, but I could never waste perfectly good liquor on something like that. I push back and feel a little give, but he obviously considers me less than because I didn't pay $250 for a $20 bottle of Skye vodka (I have better taste than that anyway) so we walk away and consider ourselves fortunate that we didn't get caught up in the illusion. The music is okay, the club is okay. They have half naked chicks 'dancing,' they give away free drinks, you get treated like a pariah. What more could you ask for.If you go to this club you are such a sucker. Hated it.
5	I think this venue has a pretty simple recipe: Get a table and you'll love it, don't get a table and you're not going to enjoy it.  It's an extremely high end, high class venue and the clientele and employees fit that mold extremely well.  Played a great combination of EDM and hip-hop to cater to just about everyone.  Phenomenal wait staff.I've had bottle service at a lot of clubs, but I've never had a security guard escort me to and from the restroom before.  They level of service there is absolutely class.  Just make sure you take care of your servers and security.  Ramon was the man.Highly recommend for a premium night.
3	When I feel like getting a little crazy on a weekday, I come here. Free bottle service on Thursday nights. This is okay for being free. I would not come here otherwise. They need to do something with this venue. It's older than most places and has no chance to compete with the bigger guys. They have potential because they are in Bellagio...I believe this is the only reason they have stayed open this long. Music is ok. Place is small, and staff is great.
1	Horrible! The DJ would play a song, and then abruptly change it to another. There was no blending whatsoever. He played way too much Skrillex, about every two songs. The music you can hear while waiting in line is much better than what's inside.
5	Fantastic place to see a music performance in Vegas!  Hot people, Celeb hosts AND guests, great music, Djs and artists & amazing staff! See and be seen! A definite JetSet night stop in Vegas!
1	I wouldn't ever come here again even if  I Was paid, there staff sucks so rude
5	Real talk--I had an absolutely amazing time here! After an attempted stint at Hyde--trying not to cringe at being reminded of why I can't stand "clubbin" back home in Hollywood--my group, being too innately cool to force scensterhood, unanimously decided to pop over to The Bank. Upon arrival despite us not exhibiting any pretenses of deserving so, we were treated like royalty. On a poppin Friday, just past midnight we were escorted in and presented our own table and service that was all around so sparkling that I will never view the service industry with the same standards again. The most exceptional was the security guard, Ramon, who (despite my personal ability to handle it myself) came and pulled me out a tight crowd and kept skeezers from our table before we'd even communicated that they were bothering us. Every single employee that I came in contact with was genuinely amazing and at the pinnacle of their game! My favorite though was when I squeezed up to the DJ both to request the new Daft Punk song, instead of the usual I'm-the-big-boss-man-DJ-and-don't-take-to-requests-kindly, he flashed a handsome smile and played my song almost immediately, seamlessly blending it with the other illinest, most twerk-worthy jams. Soooooo much better than 9 month old Top 40 and even worse...the dreaded reggaeton! Thank you for a superfluous clubbin experience that made me not hate clubbin! I will most definitely be bringing it back to The Bank next time I'm in town!
3	Came here for company event where everything was free.  So my review is basically of the club layout.  I liked the tiered seating and standing layout.  The decor reminded of the Confetti nightclub in Sacramento circa 1986, which really isn't that cool in 2013.
2	Mehh...My friends from out of town wanted to go here so we complied.  Ehh, we had tables awaiting us if you have a group of friends you are going to rock it!  As I said we had a tables reserved but we didn't have enough girls. Hmm these are hollywood guys people know them 'm sure girls will come but maybe they should have taken the sunglasses off?!  or payed more money but why should they!  We have a tables but we had to talk to the concierge.  Once that was taken care of apologies from the door staff and the management.Our group gets to our table and starts to set up, the waitress is beautiful and proficient and does a great job.  We had a great time getting nutts and the low girl to guy ratio changed very quickly.  However this is an old club had not been remodeled in many years.  The bathrooms are on either side a long walk from VIP.  You pay to be in VIP you are close to the dance floor but you don't need it in posh styled booths you can dance your little heart out IN YOUR AREA yup you heard me someone complained that "we crossed the line" into their area.  So over it...Dark club, nice waitresses, crappy door staff phishing for extra tips, kinda worn out club.
4	So I've come here twice in the past 5 months, once I was blitzed when I got there / vaguely remember and once last month.============LOCATION============Located inside the Bellagio it's one of the most exquisiteness clubs I've ever been in. The entrance is awesome, beautiful Japanese art looking doors that open up to a dual escalator. Bellagio was THE premiere hotel in Vegas when Vegas was my monthly poker funland back from 2007-'10 and still is a top 3 and of course their club caters to it.The interior is awesome, "black and gold everrrrything" beautiful decor, beautiful people and an amazing array of chandeliers glistening throughout... -insert Vegas joke between me, HJ and MC-...it's pretty small overall compared to some of the Vegas spots I've been to. The setup is similiar to STUDIO 54 with one main dancefloor and a nice bar / lounge area upstairs.=============MY THOUGHTS=============So the first time I came here was about 5 months ago. December 2012. Me and a group of about 12 friends (mixed male female) all went to PURE @ Ceasars. I was in a walking boot at the time... wasn't feeling SOME of the people in our group so I texted some other friends who were in Vegas.They said they were @ the BANK and one of my friends said if I came, she could get me in without the line... just had to pay the standard cover.Honestly I was hammered out of mind... maybe a 8.5/1O in terms of being hammered.That night was honestly a massive blur. My hotel roommate, his girl and a couple others can attest to that. I blacked out HARD that night. Barely was sober enough to get in, finally knocked off *ASIAN* off my to do list and remember only bits and pieces from that first trip. It was a trainwreck. A good trainwreck I think... but a hot mess nontheless.------So my second time was alot better cause I was sober. It was my second night in Vegas. I'd met some friends at HYDE the first night. The second I met some friends @ BANK. Had to wait in line for about 10 mins. til they came out and got me. Dude tried to charge me $40, then my friend talked him for a few seconds and he told her it'd be $20.All in all it was pretty awesome that time. The crowd was mainly 20's with a few older 30's people mixed in. Apparently it was INDUSTRY NIGHT? The music was really, Really good. Your run of the mill top 40's, with a little bit too much Substep. There was a nice mix of House/Electro with some "YAY AREA" music mixed in too. Gotta love a DJ that knows about the HYPHY musiq. My highlight of the night hearing the FRESH PRINCE THEME and watching some of "the kids" stop dancing and chillaxin cause they looked like the didn't know what it was.===========LAST THINGS===========It's expensive. Looking at my bank statements... I spent $90 in under 45 mins my first drunken time. Last time I got a Tokyo Tea and a Red Bull Vodka and dropped $40... but it's too be expected. The crowd is pretty gorgeous... lots of half naked cuties and it was a nice ratio, not a sausagfest, minimal ratchets.If you're going to go clubbing in Vegas I recommend it.
4	Went to the bank on Friday night.  The line to get in seemed very random.  People who had tables in line with me stood with us for 30 minutes or so.  We finally got in by giving the doormen some cash, otherwise we might still be there.Once we got in, the club was pretty fun.  Good music, lights, and the bubbles that fall from the ceiling were a good touch.  Overall, I would definitely go here again, but maybe in addition to another club during the night.
5	Water is $8    Just fill up ur drink cup in the bathroom sink !! Ha ha
1	Sh*ts Weak!If you want a way to sober up fast and club with a bunch of rejects, this is the place to be. This place was a waste of time. We were in and out of there in a matter of minutes. here's the story:So Saturday night we go to Marquee (Go there instead!) partying having a great time, then my friends cousin hits us up because she wants us to go clubbing with her and her friends at XS (Go to that club too!!). As we're walking the strip heading to XS, we get stopped by one of the promoters. Now, I was really faded from drinking at Marquee the whole night, so in the beginning of this journey I felt like Johnny Depp from Fear and Loathing (in fact I was probably walking like him). All I really remember from that walk was this promoter begging us to go to the bank club. "oh come on guys, it's a really nice club, FREE drinks, more girls than guys" then he put some wristband on us. Note: Anytime you have a promoter trying to get you into a club, that's a sign for you to walk away. So he some how convinces my friend to go to the club and he starts walking us to the place. That walk felt like forever, it felt like he was giving us a tour of the whole casino.  We finally get there and by now my buzz was clearing up hard and what do you know.. they charge $20 to get in for your "free drink". I told my friend, Hey let's just go to XS and Ill pay for your $20 drink  over there, but for some stupid reason he didn't want to offend the guy or something so he pays for both of us to get in. We go up the escalator into the club and I see the bar... The first thing I do is call my friend a jackass and then made my way to the bar. I forget what I ordered... I think it was crown which isn't top shelf, but the bartender begged to differ and said that the "free drink" doesn't cover Crown. So I got some cheap nasty generic tasting drink that REALLY sobered me up. It tasted like I took a sip of cologne! (o_O) In some messed up way that drink was the best thing that happened to me because I take a look around this club, and all I see is a bunch of dudes with their Affliction/ Ed Hardy shirts, more guys piled in some corner, and some old people who look like they were in their mid 50's . There were some girls, but it was like 1/20... The music was a joke, the place felt old and run-down and I felt embarrassed just being in there.    Luckily The time was around 1:30-2am so we had the chance to bounce out of that club, hop into a cab and get to XS. Thank God for the girls being there already (and looking hot!) because they were able to get us into XS without having to wait the line. Before I got inside, I made sure to tell whoever was standing in line that they have better luck trying to get into The Bank :P I think I still had to pay to get into XS, but Afrojack was performing and partying with those girls was worth every penny.  Which is another thing to note: Do not go to a club if there's no special DJ spinning
1	Wow i do not even know where to start with this club! I had went the weekend Kendrick Lamar was suppose to be performing. Me and my cute gals had met some guys at Tao beach telling us to come to Bank and we could get in for free. Awesome! well we had one guy with us but he was willing to pay. We get there around 1 am because hey its vegas!...First and fore most the bouncers out front are complete DOUCHE BAGS!! they are the type to get rejected and they start to get into their feelings. The bouncer was rude to us we asked if we can get our guy friend atleast he said NO! sternly and walked off from us. RUDE! so he comes back my friend is trying to negotiate and he tells her "Shutup you fucking loser" and pushes our guy friend! we all were so shocked!! i know this is Vegas but my friend nor me should be cursed at. and neither should my friend be pushed!Second he lets me and two of my other friends in the club..we decided to do this because we figured maybe the guys could get the rest of our 3 girls in and the one guy since they had liked us so much lol. The bouncer or staff watever the hell he was leads us to the table but he left us he made sure to be a jerk and leave us trying to find where he went in a crowded club. When we get to the table i asked him nicely why he would leave us ? he says you left me not my problem. Now im pissed i asked him whats his deal and he says look ill kick you out of here now i told him you wont do a thing and walked off from him! he grabs my arm and im like do not touch me! or i will report you for harassment he tells me " I run all of this you hear me?" I really thought he was going to hit me and one of the guys from the table grabbed me to come up and dance. by then i was so shocked i wanted to leave. I ended up going across to club hyde and we all got in free the guy paid $20 awesome vibe , great music, free alcohol =]Moreover! if you just have to go to bank go because someones performing. And if you see a douchie Hispanic guy thats around 5'9 in height avoid him he seems to think his 12.50 an hour job means he runs the casino haha. All i can do is laugh and never go back. it was lowkey ratchet but the music was BANGINGHORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE! PLEASE STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE**If anyone who does management for this club i would advise getting less harassing employers. Theres plenty of Las Vegas clubs that look and sound way better than the " BANK"
4	All I remembered is that are host from elite VIP tours said that The Bank gives women free stuff every Friday during a certain time. Our group made it an I got a cute purple gypsy dress and it fits me and I'm a big girl lol. Definitely going there again.
4	Overall nice club.  PROS:THE DJ HAD THE MUSIC ON POINT ALL NIGHT! Whoever the DJ was on Saturday night mixed everything perfectly with the right combination of house ,pop and hip hop all played.We did get wrist bands handed to us on the strip and we were able to walk right in and get a free drink with it. IF you didn't have a band or a table there was a long line.CONS:Small dance floor.The only bad part was that it was sooo packed you couldn't walk to the dance floor without getting pushed back by security guards that nudge you back on the the small dance floor because you stepped into the VIP area.Overall I enjoyed it because of the music and the dj had the vibe of the crowd all night long.
2	The second club my friends and I visited. One of my friends had a friend that used to e a promoter and got us in.Before going inside one of the other workers asked us to fill out a survey for demographic reasons.There was an escalator to go upstairs to the club. Also elevators on the other side.Got coupons for Sky Vodka. A bit too strong for me. This reminded me a bit like Zanzabar. There's counter areas around and a staircase going down to tables and another to the dance floor.We didn't stay there long.There wasn't much dancing room.
2	Small club with a line outside and the cover is too high. There was a wait outside but when we got in the club was probably half full. I know a lot of places do this but it is definitely annoying. Music was good if you like new and old school hip hop. I'd consider this a mid to low level club now compared to the rest.
4	This is a cool spot to come for a friday night. Nice atmosphere. Definitely get a table.Las Vegas loves to party, so go big or go home!
5	loved it!
4	Great club even if it has a small dance floor. Had a great dj didn't just stick to one type of sound switched it up from techno to hip hop. Bartender was really nice and fast to get our drinks. We went on a Wednesday didn't think it would be such a great club. We are definitely going back.
3	Not my kind of music, as I'm here to dance, not get down on 90s rap and R&B. I guess it's a nice change from all the EDM elsewhere. Went here on a promo night so ladies had free drinks all night long with a wristband. Score one! The Bank is much more open and less crowded than some of the more popular clubs in Vegas and it's such a nice feeling to not have to feel like Moses parting the red sea of short skirts and dress shirts to get from Point A to Point B.
4	I had wanted to check out the bank for some time. After Hyde my man and I were already at the Bellagio and we were given free entry wristbands, so we decided to grab a cocktail. The only unfortunate part was that "free entry" actually meant you had to pay $20 at the door which included a Skyy cocktail. Kind of crappy. And when ordered with Redbull it was still another $5 which made that Skyy cocktail $25!! On a positive note, the bartenders are lightning fast!The place itself isn't as big as I would have expected but it seemed like a good crowd and the dance floor was great (though we didn't dance). I'd come back for sure but probably with a better promotion.
4	This club was great the music was pretty good the only thing was that the crowd but a little older but ehhh it's all good old folks can party too! I recommend it for those that are trying to drop it low on the dance floor! :)
5	This was our second time at this club and we are now 2 for 2 in the "great time" category.  Both times we were hooked up by Christian Guterres.  For 12 people, he gave us a buy 3 get one free package and allowed me the pick of tables.  We opted for the one right on the dance floor (corner).  We arrived at 10:30pm and was escorted to our table.  Bottle orders were taken right away.  Bottles ranged from $520 on up.  Loved the fact that they had different flavors of vodka.  Lots a great mixers as well (pineapple juice was a new one).  Be careful if you tend to drink a lot of water, because the price can really add up (6 bottles for $48).  Tip the runner $20 and he will definitely keep your mixers filled.  The club was empty till about 11:30pm and then got packed.  The music is pretty much hip-hop.  If thats your flavor, they you are in for a good time.  There was no guest performer that night.  Security was great giving us our space and getting us to the restroom in one piece.  This is definitely not one of the new mega clubs.  However, all in all, a great time.
2	Got a table here, got kicked out after two hours, never gave us the option about buying another bottle. just told us we had to move out for another higher paying table. Corion was the promoter that sold us the table earlier in the day....anyway....Music was okay, I didnt enjoy it much, it was a combination between hip hop, techno or rap, I just remembered I didnt love the music. I'm a hiphop type of person and there was a lot of remixes with techno beats. Wont be returning because of the unprofessional promoter, although I want to compliment on the great service at the table area. =)
4	Short summary of Part One of our Vegas weekend, since I don't remember half of the details anyway:Girlfriend's birthday weekend. Friday night - upstairs table at the Bank. Total view of the club. Fabulous bottle service. Live crowd. Insane DJ. So many beautiful people. Way too much dancing. I still can't feel my legs. LOVE this place.
1	I'm not a night club person but the atmosphere in this one sucks becuase bunch security guards walking and running around the place with their flash lights every 2 minites.
5	If you're NOT a fan of EDM, and you LOVE HIP HOP, this is definitely where you need to go!! I was in Vegas for the fourth of july weekend, the first night we went to XS Nightclub (ALL EDM--not a single song of hip hop)-- I was bored out of my mind, and left early because I can't stand or dance to EDM. The second night we went to THE BANK, and from the moment we walked in to the moment we left it was ALL HIP HOP It was absolutely wonderful!!The dance floor was crowded but doesn't that go to show how poppin the music was!? If you get a chance to get a table, I would definitely recommend that, we ended up going to a table and had a blast.Definitely coming here every single time I go to vegas, it's the number one spot for hip hop...reading the other reviews and seeing that they mixed it with techno-- that is a sad to hear, because the night I went it was all hip hop, we did arrive at there at 12 so I'm not sure what music was playing beforehand.Seriously, for all you fellow hip hop / edm haters -- you need to go to the bank.
1	I wish that I could give negative stars... But I can't. Most of these clubs have "types," and the whole time that we were in line, they pulled people from 3 different line areas (that were not ours) into the club. I don't know how that works, but it was crappy and I refuse to be treated in a subpar manner. Especially when I'm paying my hard earned money. WILL NOT be returning.
5	I'm not a big club person, but I would definitely come back here.My friend that lives outside of Vegas hooked us up with a table, so we only paid $95 for the gratuity. Initially there was going to be about 5 of us, but 2 people canceled, so the promoter had us walk in with 3 other girls, and gave us the option of splitting the cost with them or not. We were there a little early and ended up being the first group to be walked in and brought to our table. We split the bottle between 3 of us, which was more than enough. We had ample room, and excellent service. Our hostess was super sweet as well as the security guard which we apparently had. I've never been treated so well in a club. Whenever we stepped out of the area to dance, etc, and he saw us coming back, he would grab one of our hands and escort us back to our place. They kept the mixers filled, and wiped up the napkins when they got soggy. We had an amazing night dancing on the ledges and floor and I can't say enough about the above-and-beyond service. The only thing I would comment on is the size of the dance floor-- it fills up fast and once it does, forget trying to move around.
1	I was really disappointed with this club. It's really small and if you actually came to dance, good luck because the dance floor is so small. The music was all over the place so I'm still not sure what their "niche" is. The night we went (thurs) we waited less than 5 minutes to get in with a wrist band from a promoter we met on the street. We still had to pay a cover of $20 pp but it came with a free drink for each of us so it was basically a wash. At the ripe old age of 31, Hubby and I are winding down our clubbing days but there were folks there who appeared old enough to be our parents. The website also promotes this as a more sophisticated upscale club but the attire of some of the patrons didn't match this image. Real sorry friends but a pair of black Ben Davis' are not dress pants. Skip it, you won't miss much.
2	Sunday night, 2am, lets hit up The bank. Me: "Hi Mr. Bouncer, whats the cover?'Bouncer: "$30 bucks for dudes"Me: "But there's only two hours left before you close"Bouncer: "$30 bucks for dudes"Me: "Its dead out here, might be dead inside, no one in line, let's work something out"Bouncer: "$30 bucks for dudes"At this point I was just like is this a fucking robot with a recording? They hire some dumb mother fuckers in this city.  Whatever, here's your $30 bucks. Place seemed cool inside. Good music and good atmosphere. This is where the problem starts. Buy 3 drinks. Open tab. Come back and buy 2 more drinks. Close tab. Bartender charges me for 7 drinks.3+2=5. How does this dumb mathematically challenged mother effer get 7 from that? "Excuse me sir, mistake here, only got 5 drinks, over charged for 2". Looks at me stupefied for a second. Maybe it was because I caught him at his game. I can imagine how many drunk people he must overcharged a night. I was willing to take a "hey my bad, i made a mistake". Nope, I got a "7 drinks, ill get security over here". Whatever. Paid the drinks and even still left him a $2 tip out of pity for being a failure at life and having to resort to overcharging people to get by. Had been to this club numerous times and always had a blast. No issues until this last time. Wasn't a lot of money but just goes to show how shady this town can be. Can't say not to go here. Just be aware of the bartenders at the first bar on the right hand side once you enter the club. Shady. Its Vegas, you will get drunk. Watch your bill or You will get overcharged.... at this place you will at least.
1	Worst experience in my life! Had a promoter tell me one thing and I get another! You get to this so called "line" , there's dude walking around acting as if he owns the place! Then basically looks for the people he wants to let in! I heard him tell a group of guys, when they finally caught his attention, that he was being tipped to get in and that they have to tip him to get in! I literally was lost for words. This club is not organized or worth going into ! I'm not going to sit there and tip this dude to get in..and especially to a snob like him.
1	Thought that I would go somewhere "perceivably" nice for my Bachelorette Party.Should've gone elsewhere.First of all.... I LOVE TO DANCE. I'm the girl who is panting cuz she's dancing so hard, and sits to rest, then can't because the next song is "my favorite too!" so if the music's good.. I can't stop. That being said, let me explain how HOORRRRIBBLLLEEEE the music at Bank was.. I thought if you go to high-end club.. you'd get high-end DJ'ing/high-end music. NOT.The DJ would mix songs that had nothing to do with each other (and hence confuse the shit out of my body). He would also stop a song right before the "good part" (hook) that everyone knows and is waiting for is about to play... then mix it with something totally off.Example: "Dancing in the da-da-da-da.... da-da-da-da-da-dark-.. [cue, what would be the trumpet hook].... I put my hand up on your hip. When I dip, you dip, we dip."I like both songs.. but seriously..? Mixed together like that. HORRIBLE. And it was like that ALL night. There might've been a good 10-minute session.. but that's it.That, and the lighting was also very awkward. You can slow lights down to make a blinky fast part more exciting, but this lighting guy would COMPLETELY shut off ALL the lights... which would make people feel like there had been a blackout. That makes people feel uncomfortable. These people have no idea what they're doing.So, really annoyed and bummed at the music at my own bachelorette party (and we didn't want to leave cuz we had a table with full bottles)... I sat.. and people-watched. Obviously my drunk girlfriends come up as I'm seated and appearing not to have a good time, and playfully (not distastefully) lap dance me. Hey, it's my bachelorette party.. not totally unheard of. We lap danced my other friend at PURE and people thought it was hot.. no one minded.Well, apparently, they're really uptight at Bank and they kick us out for "inappropriate dancing." Uhhh.. aren't we in Vegas? Sin City? Oh, and by the way, that guy and girl are pretty much having sex right now.. and you're telling US we're being too bad? Riiiighhht. Oh, and you can't have your shoes off.. not even in your own booth. I'm pretty sure EVERY club I've been to has allowed girls to take shoes off at their own table area/booth.. These people are whack.. uptight.. and have shitty music and lighting. I can't believe we paid money to be patrons here and got treated like such shit.So me being me... I talked to the manager afterwards. He supported his employees and said "patrons are not owed explanations when asked to leave." That's just poor management if you ask me. If you have customers, paying lots of money to be patrons in your establishment, you'd want to take care of them, right? I guess not. Someone needs to send the staff and management of Bank back to Disney college or hostess school or something. Seriously.So, pretty much..... Bank is terribly OVERRATED. EXPENSIVE. HORRIBLE MUSIC. UNKIND (I will go so far as to say, not smart) STAFF AND MANAGEMENT (except for our cocktail server and busser.. they were nice). Only go there if you want to be disappointed.. not dance.. and/or be treated like shit.
3	I have been to the Bank twice and each time I have felt some kind of way about it. The setup is hella weird and there aren't a lot of places to sit. The bar area gets really crowded and it makes it difficult to move about some parts of the club. The music is really good (mostly hip hop) and it is easy to get in after you've signed up for the guest list. Meh, I've experienced better.
5	Although it is sometimes hard to get in with the crowd in front, this place rocks. The music is good. There are hot girls here. The dance floor is packed and the bar is busy. It is neat how you can go to the second level too.
5	Great place to go if you're visiting Las Vegas! Great music and great looking staff. Bottle service is always the best way to go if you want a guaranteed amazing experience.
5	My friends and I had an amazing time at The Bank Nightclub. We did table service and it was well worth the money spent. The service was great, staff was polite and it had an overall civilized feel in the VIP even though we were drinking the night away! Music was also good, believe it was DJ Five on the decks. Loved the atmosphere and the bottle presentations. Not to mention all the waitresses are beautiful and attentive. A must see if your in Bellagio or Vegas for that matter.
5	By far my favorite night club in Las Vegas, although I haven't been to many yet.. this place stood out to me. The music that was played wasn't ALL EDM which I liked.. it was more top 40 plus hiphop. The venue was spacious not to mention the bouncers and go go dancers were all good looking. I would love to come back to this club on my next trip.
1	Okay, so here's the deal:PROS: AMAZING DECOR. This club will make you feel like quite the baller with it's double bar, private tables, professional dancers, and huge chandeliers. CONS: Well.... First of all, my boyfriend and I had purchased VIP Front of the Line passes, which were not all that cheap. I've been to other clubs (Tao, Lavo, and Haze) where I also purchased VIP Front of the Line passes, those clubs had us in under 5 minutes. The Bank however, did not. We had to speak with 5 different bouncers; after 45 minutes, we were finally let in (not very VIP Front of the Line if you ask me). Once inside we decided to begin with 2 drinks (one each) both long islands. Now I know, Vegas nightclubs are notorious for expensive drinks, but The Bank takes the prize on expensive drinks. Our long islands were served in small rocks glasses and were watered down, and were a wopping $32 for 2 drinks! OUTRAGEOUS. If you are going to charge that much, put a fair amount of alcohol in the beverage and put it in a normal sized glass. Once we finished our drinks we made our way to the dance floor, which pardon my racial slurr, but was filled with African American men trying to create their own "dance offs" in the middle of this small dance floor, which was obnoxious. These men also had no respect for us women there. I was there, by my boyfriends side the entire evening, and a ring on my finger, and a few hit on me, one even came in for a kiss! GROSS. I'm here to dance with my man, not get creeped on by a creep! Lastly, DJ Five, was TERRIBLE. During our 3 hour stay at the club he played 11 songs TWICE, literally the exact same songs twice. Not only was he a repeat offender with his music, but his transitions were horrendous. This is not me being a music snob, when I say he had bad transitions I mean between songs there would be a solid 30 seconds - a full minute of low key music playing that no one could dance too. Everyone on the floor literally stopped dancing and just stood there waiting for the next song to bump up. That is not in any way shape or form acceptable at a nightclub, especially an expensive "prestigious" Vegas club. OVERALL: I enjoyed dancing and the atmosphere, but I will never again be spending my time or money at this club ever again. In the future I will stick with what I know and love, and that is going to Tao, Lavo, and Haze. Those clubs are truly amazing and know how to treat their guests.
1	This "establishment" is a hotbed of trickery and lies; if I could give it zero stars I would. Here is my story: My wife and I had made arrangements to meet our friends at The Bank and, on our way there, a bald man in the middle of the Bellagio floor asked us where we were headed then offered us free tickets. The man walked with us to the club entrance talked to the person with the VIP list, acquired two tickets and bid us a good night. As we went through the line we were told to have our ticket and ID ready so we got them out and handed them to the bouncer making the check who then waived us through. My wife was ushered onto an escalator into the club then I was stopped and pointed toward the cash register. I explained to the bouncer who stopped me that I had been given free tickets and that my wife was the person he just let inside. This bouncer, a plump fellow, then lied and said the first bouncer didn't take any tickets and that I needed a ticket to get in. However, after realizing I was not going to take a trip to his cash register, he escorted me behind the rope. From outside the line I continued to plead my case which agitated the entire staff of doormen and bouncers. I attempted to moralize with them pleading that they knew what they were doing was wrong and that they were compromising their ethics for their job. Whenever it got too uncomfortable or their conscience was ill at ease they passed me off to one of their colleagues. Eventually my wife called me asking me where I was and if I was inside the club because she had been looking for me. I began to tell her my story and explain the attitudes of the door staff. Presumably because this leant credibility to my pleas and  cast light upon the club's lack of ethics the bouncers directed me to take the call somewhere else so as not to drive away their business. A few minutes after the phone call my wife came out to get me and tried to explain and reaffirm my testament to the door staff. However, the staff would have none of it. They refused me entrance, they refused her the opportunity to go back and look for our friends and they had a big security guard ask us to leave the casino. Needless to say we all scrapped The Bank. As for inside the club my wife said it was a bit of a hole. This club will do anything to boost its female attendance including separating boyfriends from girlfriends and husbands from wives. If you are a single female you might get in free but due to their desperation I'm guessing it is a sausage fest on the inside. ZERO STARS... EPIC FAIL
1	This is my first review of any sort whatsoever. I'm a local here for 2 years now from Boston. We love The Banks every time me and my wife visit Vegas. Play lots of good hip hop music mix. The bar can get congested but its like that in most clubs. The dance floor gets very crowded at peak hours but we usually just hang by the upstair bar. We can usually can see everything on dance floor. Inside the club is not the problem. The problem is outside trying to get in. The bouncers are total a$$hole$. Ladies are always free and usually can get comp. I can totally understand ladies draw the guys in to spend big money. But guys, if y'all don't have VIP reservation be prepared to wait a long time or not GET IN AT ALL especially in groups of 3 or more. They won't even look at you. They will always let groups of ladies get in. Even with an even guy/girl ratio you will still have to wait roughly an hour with no one in line. Groups of guys get ready to tip the bouncer if you really want to get in or be prepared to wait. We have friends visiting from Boston this weekend. So my wife friend, had her bro in-law supposedly book a COMP table for 9 ladies. Alrite cool. But all the husband was going to go in after, and was checked in to get reduced pay $20 in front (still outside). We are cool with that. But after the ladies got in first for free. The husband or guys are waiting in a group of 6, and was totally ignored as many other people was let in. An hour and half passed by and we still waiting. We all was texting our wives inside. Supposedly my wife's friend bro in law (the promoter) played us for fools. He gets paid by getting girls in. We was sold a FALSE HOPE with this reduce pay cover. Supposedly he came outside to get us. We was looking for him but never seen him. He told the ladies he was looking for us but that's a LIE. We met him earlier that night for girls to check and that was it. The line wasn't even pack. We lost the mood to party and just decided to get a drink at bar beside the club. All the wives/girls decided to come back out.  This is the 2nd time this has happened to us. I will never come here again nor will I recommend anyone here anymore. Plenty of clubs or lounges in Vegas to have a blast. Don't waste your night here especially if you're a tourist. If you're are a Director this place you should be ashamed of how your management or staff operate. Customer satisfaction should be the highest priority of any legitimate business.
1	We had VIP passes as part of our premier package of "O" we got to the club about 12:30, where, we were promptly ignored. This club is the epitome of "small" man syndrome. The bouncers are total douche bags.
5	Went to bank with my buddy and two girlfriends. Our girls received free entry and open bar for the first half of the night which was great, saved me and my boy some drink money for ourselves. Our entry was only 20 bucks since we were in the guest list which we bother pretty content with. Energy was high, music was great, and the dancefloor was going crazy for the majority of the night. Good times, definitely recommend going, just make sure you get on a guest list
4	My friend and I got in free and there was an open bar until 1am. Music was great. There was room to dance and also places to stand off the dance floor. We were just there so everything was decorated for halloween. So fun and friendly people. Not overly crowded. Other bars had us feeling claustrophobic. Nice place to dance and music wasn't too loud so you cans talk if you want to.
1	I live in Las Vegas and have been to a majority of their nightclubs. This club is one of my least favorite. First: THERE IS NO ORGANIZATION. The whole process of getting in is three times as long as it needs to be simply because their staff is totally unorganized. I went on a Sunday night about 15 minutes after the club had opened and used my local ID. I walked past the ridiculously long guest list and table lines only to see a massive throng of people standing outside the club, all trying to get the attention of 3 hosts who were running around like lunatics. I had to push my way past a bunch of guys to get to the front so I could get the attention of one of the staff members. I got the attention of one of the hosts almost immediately and let him know I was a local who worked in the hotel industry. (Normally a club will give these people better treatment than someone on their guest list)But the guy barely acknowledged me and went about his business, seating table after table of guys. Random hosts kept coming up to crowd of people standing in front of the club and just letting in whoever got their attention first. It was a solid 25 minutes until I was let past the velvet rope and had my ID checked. Only to get to the entrance and be told I should have gotten a white slip from the host who let me in. So I asked the first host I saw in front of me and he COMPLETELY IGNORED ME. Instead of acting like a normal human being and just directing me where I needed to go to get a slip he ignored me as I stood in front of him for at least 5 minutes and kept doing what he was doing on the computer. Keep in mind, I am not some obese/hideous girl who expects special treatment, I just wanted to be acknowledged especially since I am a LOCAL and at ANY OTHER CLUB a host would have walked me past the line as soon as he knew this.When I finally got inside, the club sucked and wasn't even busy. It was mostly guys and they were SUPER CREEPY. I've been to The Bank 3 times now, and every time it has been like this. It is trashy, unorganized, and the employees are obnoxious and only worried about seating their tables. I would never recommend this club to a friend. Don't waste your time here, go to XS or Light where they have a respect for their guests and real DJ's.
3	It looks huge in pictures, but it's actually on the tiny side! Club is split into three levels. Dance floor and two upper levels. The bottom floor aka the dance floor gets PACKED. Similar to 1OAK, I would suggest doing table service here just to get away from the madness and have your own spot..If you don't like EDM..then this is your spot! They play mainly hip-hop/top40 at the Bank. So if your group is anti-EDM, Bank is a good spot to party at. Best night to go is Sunday Night! great bottle deals on their industry nights. Not a bad choice, only night I would want to come here is Sunday! And that's if my group doesn't want to do xS or Hakkasan!
1	2 hour wait, no real lines, promoters give u false promises of escorting you in, had to bribe the bouncer to let us in, they lied about celebrity guests that were supposed to be there, all the workers were assholes, will never go to again
4	I love that women get in free! It's so sexist and yet, I'm glad to not pay that $30 or whatever the boys have to pay. I mean... whatevs. It was a Thursday night, which in Vegas I feel like means it was a Saturday night. But it still wasn't too packed. At the door you can snag a free coupon or two for champagne, which I greedily took. Then we snuck up to the balcony VIP area and sat around an empty table where I think bottle service was supposed to be. But I think since it wasn't busy we weren't kicked out. Plus, we were dancing our faces off, so it's not like we were just sitting there like bumps on a log looking bored. So all this basically means I didn't pay a dime when I was there. i know I could have drank and drank, it's Vegas, but I was being cheap and it was kinda awesome.
5	I thought I had been to some good clubs, I was wrong. The Bank is the best nightclub I have been to so far. This place went beyond my expectations and it was all very reasonable. It cost me $20 entrance with a reduced entry fee since we hooked up with a promoter and the ladies in my party were free. They also go free drinks, although us guys had to pay if we ordered a drink. The ladies got unlimited drink vouchers and so I just got my drinks from my wife. DJ EarWaxx was spinning the tunes and he did an awesome job, everybody was hopping in that place. They had burlesque girls in the place, the waitresses for the reserved seats were very interactive with their guests. This place was just awesome, I would come back to this place if I had the chance to do it all over again.
1	Another reviewer was spot on about this place and the horribleness of the entry situation. I mean it is really stupid and makes the Bellagio look totally incompetant. Just have a damn line . I'm staying at bellagio and don't want to go far just pay the cover to buy crappy drinks for an hour or so - that's it and can't even do that. Save yourself a trip and go to Wynn or something
3	Came here on our last night in Vegas and it was industry night so we partied with a bunch of club hosts and servers from other clubs.  The table was a bit more cramped here but we all still had a good time.  The club is a bit outdated but the music was pretty good.  I think I was wiped out from the night before so I kept it pretty mellow that night.
4	oh good lord. the last time i was here, i dont even want to remember. ...nor do i really remember much about that night... but i know i did have a good time, despite all the restrictions and rules i had against me that night. lets start off with how i struggled to walk across fancy ass bellagio with a broken heel, while intoxicated. WOW they stilll let me in, i really dont know how. i pretended my shoe was a sandal and not heels. up the elevator we go! Now, i dont remember how we got to our VIP table, but we did and with more drinks (bad idea for me). I remember wanting to dance.. but yeah since my heel was broken, they said it was dangerous and i was not allowed on the dance floor *cries* so i did my own little dance around our VIP table. also, youre not allowed to dance on the couches.. sigh.and no lapdances.when i was pretty much done for the night (which didnt take long), i needed shoes to get home, and i needed to pee. Bathroom is actually super dark and very hard to find WHY IS IT DOWN STAIRS? i really dont understand why people put stairs at a bar or club because that is so hazardous to everyones drunken health. makes holding up people a lot harder too. Anyways. bathroom is alright. theres a lady in there helping people and selling shit. ... like a pair of flip flops... for $10.. A part of me wanted to say yes, but the drunk me kinda said fuck that and walked out. Then next thing i know, i waking up on my friend's bed probably 4 hours later.....but the overall club decor is prettttyy nice. The dance floor is actually pretty small. i thought'd itd be bigger but i guess not. They have flat screen TVs lining the ceilings with these light thingies that moved with the beat of the music. The VIP tables were pretty nice, ours was on the 2nd level overlooking the dancefloor. pretty cool. The cocktail waitresses poured the drinks strong and security guards were nice and pretty chill. I'd give this place 3 stars but they didnt kick me out..... so ! 4 stars it is
3	This place was picked by my sister . It was cool . I dnt think I would want to go back . Dance floor was crazy packed but the set up of the club was nice .
1	The bouncers are rude and douchebags. Even after being Bellagio customers, they leave no stone unturned to be rude to you and act completely robotic. This is it.Music is a-okay and the crowd is the usually young attention deprived folks. Sad to have such a pathetic excuse for a pub inside a wonderful hotel like the Bellagio. Once again, the bouncers are robotic and rude.
1	Awful DJ. Bad mixes, no trance, no techno, no house; just hip hop. Killed the night at 1 am. Just couldn't handle it
5	Let me tell you... I have NEVER heard/felt so much bass in my life. Im comparing this to the many raves i've been too and all the clubs we visited that weekend, including hakkassan and marquee. This place was a welcome change from the almost pure EDM music most of the other clubs play, as this place was mostly hip hop. I would definitely recommend this place.
5	Need a cracking club in Vegas? This is one to go to. Nice staff, nice venue. GREAT sound system. Best bass in a Vegas club I've heard so far. Plus it's hip-hop if you're looking to get away from EDM for a little bit.
3	I like the Bank, and would say it's in the 4 star realm once you finally get in. It's also one of the best options if you are on the Strip and actually want to dance. Plus the club is laid out very well for people watching if you don't. Expect: Better music than many places,  Well trained Bartenders, Ladies can get in and drink free (even with guys in your group, just ask), kick ass sound.But sigh...Also expect: A circus of shifting lines, velvet ropes, and email requests before you gain entry.  And as per usual you will be forced to wait in line if your guy/girl ratio is not 0:++++. This is EXTRA true if you happen to be an attractive group. They want people to walk by and see your hot self out front, (free advertising) so do get a drink on your way to the line.LADIES: make sure you check in at the table near the entry for your free drink tickets, and use them at the back bar only. My first round of 4 drinks cost a painful  $74.00!
3	I live in Los Angeles, and The Bank at the Bellagio reminds more of an LA style nightclub in it's look than any other clubs that I have been to in Vegas.  It is not a bad thing, it is just that there is nothing too extraordinary about this place.  There is a big dance floor in the middle with a bar on the side.  There are also lots of stairs, which is never a good thing with women in heels.The best thing about The Bank was the music and the sound system. I loved what they played, and the system had a good thump to it.  The worst thing about The Bank was getting in.  There was no organization in how patrons were asked to line up.  It was chaos, and I have never seen anything like it at a nightclub before.  People were standing all around the front waiting for the bouncers to choose people to come in at their discretion. For this reason alone I would probably avoid going to The Bank again, although I did enjoy most of the experience here.  Simply having a line would have made the experience much better instead of having to wait outside for our group to be selected.The weird thing about The Bank is that when I was researching what nightclubs to go to, I asked for recommendations on the Las Vegas Yelp talk board.  Someone mentioned not to go to The Bank because it is packed with prostitutes who sometimes pretend not to be.  Essentially reeling guys in and then demanding money later.  I found it amusing that when I was here I saw a lot of super hot women hanging out alone.  I figured the obvious, and think that what was suggested is true.  Thankfully I came with a few people and didn't even have to be bothered with girls pretending to be into me.  I had a good time at The Bank, but trying to get into this place was such a nightmare.  It soured the experience and I don't want to go through that again.  I can only see myself going back if I have friends who insist on going here or if I know we will not have to wait to get in.
1	By far the worst club I've been to, that fact that we had a table reserved but we've been waiting in line for over and hour is beyond frustrating, the last club I would recommend, while the bouncers are taking top dollar to allow people or pretty women in on the side, people that have been waiting to get in are left waiting, other then the dj, I wasn't too entertained.
5	Awesome music and great scene. Came here for my bachelorette and the bouncers and promotors were all very nice and we had excellent service. We came here on a Friday and tried a different spot on Saturday, but we kept stating how The Bank is better so we decided to end the night here. Thanks for a wonderful weekend!!!
5	What can I say, The Bank Nightclub is Vegas! The Bellagio's heart of the strip location and larger than life atmosphere of It's nightclub is the reason people come to Vegas! Exclusive, yet accessible, ritzy, yet affordable. The Bank Is the experience that puts you in a world of  irresistible cocktail waitresses, alluring rhythmic sound spun by the hottest LV Dj's, and a lush dance floor similar to a coliseum centrally located amidst an explosion of lights and sounds unlike any other venue I've attended. The two Heavy double doors, the escalator that takes you in, and the rich sophistication of the decor... it's exhilarating. Plan a day of your trip here, and remember it for a lifetime.
1	Ahh...what does one think about when they hear the word "bank". Yes robotic bankers designed to take your money and screw you in any way possible. Oh wow look at that this club is called The Bank and it's title fits the description! Admission:Well given it was a Sunday and it was free till 1:30 a.m my girls and I wanted to get in as early as possible. The line wasn't that bad and I figured wow we are going to get in pretty quickly. Once your I.D has been checked you are leaded into this glob of people with no actual line. You just stand there waiting for the doorman to choose who to let in and who not to. Ok this is where it gets fun. The doorman is a complete racist who hates black women. Yes and he let it be known early on. It was two of my girlfriends (one Latvian and one Ghanian) and of course myself. He looked at my Latvian friend who has blue eyes dark hair and he opened the rope for her. When he asked her who is with her she pointed to the both of us and he immediately closed down the ropes. WTF? I noticed he did this with every black girl waiting in line...mind you I say black girl...not even guys. Clearly this guy was dumped or played by a black chick and now in his pathetic position of a job he takes it out on other women hoping to fill some void left by this unknown woman. My friend gave him a dirty look and he let us in. I definitely made sure to give him the finger. Yeah have fun opening ropes for people with your ridiculous "Jersey Shore I used a tub of gel hair" you piece of crap. People in Vegas who think they are saving the world...you are a doorman for a subpar nightclub!Inside the Club:Well it's pretty nice once you get off the escalator...a little area with tables for people who want to have tables away from the floor...I don't know why you would though? The actual club wasn't bad...plenty of space to people watch men and women stumbling about. The music for the most part was EDM with a little bit of hip hop here and there. Lots of stairs to watch women fall and trip about which is entertainment in itself. Honestly for how the doorman was acting outside you would think it was going to be a lot nicer than it actually was...isn't that how it usually ends up to be? Like most clubs in Vegas you have your douchebags who think that because they spent $20 to bypass the lines they have a right to grab your ass or think that a $15 drink means they can talk to you the whole night. I THINK NOT SIR! Let's be honest I only went to this place because it was the only club open on a Sunday. I know that and they know that. That was the first and last time I will ever enter that place. Good riddance. Shut down like every club in Vegas who thought they shit gold.
5	There are few times in life when I don't mind being sprayed all night by champagne. The night of Champagne Showers at Bank was one of those night. The crowd was electric, the music was some of the best I've heard at a nightclub, and the girls were gorgeous. The cocktail waitress and busser catered to our table all night. You must get a table and experience the exceptional customer service for yourself. I would highly recommend checking out The Bank nightclub inside of Bellagio when you get time. It's well worth the trip. And stop by Yellowtail restaurant for an app or dinner before heading over to Bank. The food and service at Yellowtail are both incredible.
5	Had an awesome at Bank this past weekend!! The staff treated me great. I had a table on the dancefloor but frankly the way Bank is structured I would have been fine with a 2nd tier location!  The DJ was good about mixing the music up so we heard the best of  worlds. Coming back for NYE!! I can't wait to see Common!!
5	This is by far my favorite nightclub in Vegas! It may not be the newest but the style and simplicity work really well! I am a frequent table customer and I choose TheBank because of the exceptional service I always receive from the beautiful cocktail waitress. The girls are on point, entertaining and well engaged with me and my friends on every visit. Being a regular customer I have developed a relationship with a door host who always makes sure I get right in for my table with minimal wait time. Beautiful spacious booths, all of them centralized around the dance floor. The Djs are amazing playing the best mix of high energy house and hip hop! This amazing venue is a must every time I party!
1	Small club, mixed crowd, but $8 for a glass of water after spending $18 on a vodka cranberry??  Seriously??  No free water here, which is illegal by the way...  Won't be returning.
2	Although visually appealing, the setup of this place just felt atrocious to me.  The breakdown of space in the club is I would say 75% bottle service seating/tables, 15% bar space/hallways and 10% dance floor.  Really not the right mix.  Beers were $10 which is I think pretty standard for a Vegas club.  I've been to only a handful of clubs in Vegas but I thought all the others seemed a lot more appealing than the Bank.
1	So I went here twice on my last trip to Vegas and that's only because I was on a budget and a promoter set me up. My first impression was that the club was very classy. I love the decorations. Oh and the DJ is awesome, great music. Other than that I was not impressed. A lot of the staff is so rude. Not everyone, but a large majority. Also, this club seems to have a stuck up clientele who thinks they're so much better than everyone else. News flash: you're not. Another thing I didn't like is that there is no where to sit unless you want to spend a whole lot on bottle service. Like even the tables that no one was buying bottles at they yell at you and tell you to move or buy a bottle. Oh and the girl working at the coat check pissed me off. My boyfriend is a type 1 diabetic so he frequently has to check his blood sugars and he was keeping his test kit in his coat. It's $5 for coat check and he gave her a nice tip but when he went back to get his test kit she made him check out his coat and pay to check it back in. WTF?! I will never go back here. There are much better clubs in town and better prices. Do not be fooled by promoters or the fact that this place is at the Bellagio! Do your research and go to a better club. Unless you're a stuck up prick you won't have a good time.
1	I respect the fact that we all have different taste in music and preference in ambiance and for that reason I can say that this club was NOT for me. The music seemed (to me) to be hard core hip hop AND nothing else. The crowd consisted of girls who wore some "interesting" outfits, men who wore all kinds of attire, and dancers who wore little over their birthday suits. It took me less than 10 minutes after we were in to decide that it was time to leave. Different strokes for different folks - this definitely was not a stroke for me.
5	Love the look of the Club. Had a lot of people outside waiting to get in. The staff was nice and made sure we were taken care of.. The DJ played really good music. The waitress was good and kept checking with us threwout the night. Sundays is my fav night there. One of the best clubs in Vegas..
1	When we arrived they tried to place us away from the dance floor when we reserved bottle service. After arguing we got down to the main floor. When we finished our bottle that we payed over $1000 for they kicked us out of our table and tried to kick us out the VIP section. Wouldn't recommend to any1 they do shady business
1	A waste of space that could have been well used. The venue is smaller and simpler, but not worth your time. I've never had to pay to enter a club in LV, but the bank made me pay $20 and said I get a 'mixed drink' at the bar. Of course I find out it's just a well drink. The bartender over poured the vodka and strange enough I couldn't even taste it in my vodka tonic. I hate rip off places that water down their drinks. The music was ghetto. I didn't even know who the DJ was. On top of it all, the woman in the front was extremely rude. One would imagine the cashier could give you a smile while asking for $20 from you. Definitely one of the many, "we're doing YOU, the customer, a favor" places in LV. We are the reason you are in business... And there is no appreciation. Save your time and money and go to XS or Hakkasan. At least they serve real alcohol there.
1	Had bottle service here a few months ago.  Got kicked out of our table when customers who were willing to pay more came along (and we still had a half bottle). I thought that was a fluke night and actually decided to give them another chance.  HUGE mistake.  As other reviews state, bouncer who uses a whole bottle of gel is a f'ing DOUCHEBAG!!!  Opened the rope for us, asked us how many.  I said six.  He said, six girls?  I said no, three girls and three guys.  He closed the rope back up and said the girls could get in free but the guys would have to get a table.  We waited a few more minutes because a promoter said he would let us in.  We later realized it was probably because we were dressed nicer than most and they figured we would be more likely to pay for table service if they made us think that was our only option.After Mr. Douchebag passed us a couple times and shook his head, we decided to save ourselves from more insult and left.  NEVER AGAIN!!!  Too many clubs to choose from in Vegas.  I wouldn't be surprised if this place quickly went by way of Light or Rain.We do bottle service at least every other month and I guarantee we will never grace The Bank with our presence ever again.  Good riddance...
3	3.5* - In the Bellagio and came here on a Thursday night and got hooked up with a table next to the dance floor, pretty cheap with a bottle of Goose. 4 girls and 3 guys we got in fairly quick. Everything from the staff to drinks, crowd, and music was good. You might even catch some girl showing her oral skills in the hallway on your way to the head - pun intended. Overall coo spot.
3	Nothing is really special about this club. The vibe was not high energy like other clubs in Vegas. It is a waste to come here because Vegas can offer a lot better. The music was pretty ghetto.
3	I was walking on the strip and thinking which club to visit. A Bank representative outside Bellagio was handing out "free entrance" wrist bands, so I decided to give a try. Turns out it's not free, you still need to pay $20 (reduced price I was told) but you get a free drink. Line was not too long so I was in within 5 minutes. Used coat-check but they charge $5 (better pay than not lose it). I went to bar straight and presented my free-drink coupon, bar tender told my options, I picked one, it was an okay drink. I enjoyed my drink while watching gogo dancers and other girls dancing and partying. GoGo dancers were okay, beautiful but they barely showed some good moves, beautiful though, an friendly because people got pic with them. Girls in the club were beautiful. Did not get chance to dance but enjoyed the music, it was mix dance music and speakers were just loud enough. dance floor looked decent size. They also have VIP area for private parties. I might repeat.
5	I could not say more good things about The Bank! I booked a table through a VIP host and was greeted at the door by him as soon as I arrived! They walked me straight to my table which was in the perfect location! The music, the crowd and the atmosphere was everything that you would imagine Las Vegas being like! Will be back to The Bank anytime I can!
1	Went to the Bank on Feb 1 around 2am. My friend and I were guests at the Bellagio. The bouncer refused to grant us free admission despite the fact that it is advertised that hotel guests are free. The bouncer stated it was a privilege to gain free admission and we had to return before midnight if we desired free entry. (Privilege Please!!! We paid $300 plus a night for a suite in the Bellagio). I returned again on Sunday night at the Bank. This time before midnight. The doormen/bouncers were arrogant. I stated I was a guest at the hotel and they totally ignored me. I stood around for 15 minutes before I was gained entry. I left the club 5 minutes after and returned around 2 am to party at the Bank. I had to wait another 15 minutes to get in despite the fact that I was wearing a wrist band for entrance. The door men here take themselves too seriously. They act with way more authority than necessary. Their job is simple, checking id's and letting guest in. They let guests stand way too long behind the rope while the walk bank and forth to decide who they should let in next. Patrons should receive more respect, after all, we the guests are ensuring their salaries are paid. Without a crowd the club would never be In business. The managers need to work on their staff. I was treated with more dignity and respect at other clubs where I was not a guest at the hotel. I will never return to this club again while I am visiting Vegas thanks to the arrogant doormen!! The music was okay. Too much hip hop for my taste.
4	The Bank is one of my favorite places to go! Sure it's smaller, but you can still have a great time! I have not had a negative experience when going to The Bank.  Staff are super friendly, they play a mix of music, and the vibe is just good.I have been here WAY more times than I've checked in. Fr A friend usually gets bottle service when we go, but I always make my way to the dance floor. Upon entering, staff are totally cool.  The same people have been working there for a few years now, and they have never had an attitude.  They are welcoming and sometimes funny with their little sayings.  Take the escalator up, and come across even more nice people! We ususally have the same security, and he's awesome. Shout out to John!  Always shakes everyone's hand and introduces himself. And if anyone tries to come to our table, he always checks to make sure if it's ok.  If not, he moves in haha! Always in good hands! Along with the amazing staff is an amazing time! House music/techno is not my favorite, but I realize everyone's taste in music is different.  Although, I've noticed when at the bank, people are movin' when hip hop is playing.  The DJ also played Salsa one night.  Loved it! Anything else is break/cool down, go to the bathroom, pour another drink, wipe the brow, etc.  They have ledges in some of the table areas.  My friends and I like to use it as our stage.  Anytime our song(s) come on, we're up there.  Let it be Beyonce playing, were on the table next to us ledge, struttin' away! Like any nightclub, you will walk away smelling like smoke, because it's allowed in there.  That's my only negative.  But it's clean-bathrooms included.  Bottle service is great.  Although they are always there adjusting, putting everything in order, and switching the juices.  Other than that, you are bound to have a good time.  Like I said, I've never had a negative experience.  Come and dance the night away!
5	This place is awesome first of all we got treated like royalty. I have never had a better experience when it came to bottle service. The bouncers were super cool always checking if we were ok if anyone was bothering us. The second best thing about this place was that it plays all types of music not just house techno like most clubs now adays. Bottle service is reasonable decent prices I really suggest you go that route so that you don't wait in line. I will definitely be back for my vacation in June.... Can't wait
5	Sunday night at Bank nightclub was amazing!   I really enjoyed myself.  When walking in the door man greeted us like we were VIPs.   When getting to out table we were greeted again by a beautiful cocktail waitress.  She took great care of me and my guests.   The music was awesome!  I would definitely go back!
4	I luv going out on Sundays and The Bank is the best place to go! Its the perfect way to close the weekend... I ve been there quite a few times and I always have a blast! The service is on point and they usually have great perfomances by the top artist of the moment. Table service is a Must if you want to enjoy it the right way!
4	The Bank nightclub in the Bellagio Hotel and Casino is one of the first and most respected clubs in the Las Vegas nightlife scene, and remains a favorite for tourists, VIPs, event celebrators and industry professionals. A night at The Bank can be described as a sensory overload, filling your ears with beats from music from famous DJs that you won't be able to resist dancing to, and the decor is accented with black and gold. On Sunday nights, industry professionals fill the club to enjoy a legendary weekly dance party.Hit the dance floor and see why the crowd dresses to impress and flocks to The Bank to drink, dance and party in style every weekend. They come for the music and good times, but keep coming back for the exceptional hospitality and service.
3	The club is okay. Not fantastic, not bad, but okay.The Bank is one of the older clubs, and it shows. From the disorganized entry lines to the small space, you can tell that it isn't one of the new nightclub contenders. Despite that, I had a good time. The DJ was pretty good, playing great dance music (including both hip hop and EDM). Because Sean Paul was performing, we even got a reggae vibe. All of the staff we encountered (with the exception of a few cocktail servers) were very friendly, polite, and professional. I appreciated that and it added to the experience.If you're already in the bellagio, might as well check it out.
3	The Bank is a decent club with a pretty small dance floor and an interesting crowd, not your typical vegas club with only 20 somethings partying, there were several tables with people much older and the dress code was definitely not enforced, numerous people in tennis shoes and tee shirts were allowed in the club. Was here last saturday and had a table on the dance floor and was given an excellent deal, 300 dollars for a bottle of grey goose and a bottle of moet. Cant beat that price in Vegas. The service was truly outstanding, the whole staff was very attentive and did a wonderful job making sure our table was always fully stocked and taken care of. 5 STARS FOR SERVICE. The 3 star rating was of the club itself.
1	Worst experience ever, never been humiliated and treated like that in my life. Went here last night for my friend's bday.  So my friend got a bottle service for her bday. The club is small, dance floor isn't even considered a dance floor because its surrounded with tables and music sucks. After being there for about an hour we got kicked out from our table because they apparently sold our table to someone. So the staff brought our  HALF  full bottle of vodka by the bar and left it there. Literally just left the bottle no mixer or anything.We were told that they'll try to find us another table. So we waited for few minutes but nobody is really helping us so we asked our server and maybe if we can talk to a manager. Few minutes later couple of people from the club walked us towards the elevator didn't even explained where were going. We followed them and guess what they're kicking us out from the club. Imagine spending your bday like that... no sympathy at all. I even asked the security really youre doing this on my friends bday and they said "you did this to her".  Its sad how this people act! I would understand if we were drunk or acting crazy in the club but Were not! We are all adults here and professionals but we got treated like crap! Never going back there again. Been to several clubs in vegas and never been kicked out, disrespected and treated like this. Whoever is running this place should be ashame of yourself. Overall this club is low class! Never coming back here!!!! Never heard of a comp table that they take away from you after you paid gratuity. I guess the name of the club says it all.
1	Horrible club!!! We were escorted out on my birthday for asking to talk to the manager! I will never go back to that shitty club again!! I hate everybody that works there. Thanks for ruining my birthday! POS club!
1	Very very very bad.  This place is a scam, were sold fake tickets (should have been smarter) talked to the manager who told us this and agreed since it was my 30th he'd cut us a break.  We wait in line for another 45 minutes before doors open and then get charged full price the staff was extremely rude and pretty much lied straight to our face.  I can't say enough bad things about this place, it should have been the cherry on top of a wonderful 30th, but instead it pretty much was the worst thing to happen.  I was lucky enough to have a picture of the two guys who sold us fake passes which went to LVPD.  If I could rate lower than 1 star I would.  Go anywhere but here.
2	Mehhh, I came here twice with the hope they'll shower the club with dollar bills. I'm starting to believe that this isn't true.But that's not reason for the poor rating. This is probably the most disorganized club with the worse bouncers ever. I confirmed my group with a promoter beforehand with the promise of free drink tickets. First of all, there's no designated line, its just a crowd of people hovering around the entrance. If you want any chance to get in, just be aggressive otherwise you'll never get in... Secondly, if you're best buddies with the bouncers, you can cut through. Well, how about people in the line? Once it happens over a dozen of times, it gets pretty annoying. After mentioning my promoter's name several times, we got in. Since there was such a delay, we didn't get our drink tickets, but thank goodness we still got in for freeI'll admit I do like the hip hop scene more; however, I do not like the crowd. Too aggressive, too crowded, too ratchet for my liking. We ended up dancing somewhere in the corner just for room to breathe. Don't think I'll be coming back here.
1	So while I was at this club, one of the security guards who must have been in a bad mood on this night said "stop dancing before I step on your face"... Customer service in VIP at its best.
1	Wouldn't let my disabled friend in due to "safety" reasons . He was in a wheelchair. Could have sued
4	Had such an amazing time this past weekend that I'm actually excited to write about it on Yelp!  It was THAT good! It's safe to say I came here sober, and came out totally WASTED! I'm not really a big club person, nor do I frequent Vegas often, but The Bank showed my party and I a great time this past Saturday.  Came here in true Vegas fashion - arriving a little past midnight on Saturday.  When we got to the entrance, we joined the masses of people hovered around the velvet ropes while my cousin flagged down someone working since we ordered bottle service.  I guess that paid off since we were instantly pulled out of the "line" and led in.  You know who also got paid?  The bouncer, since he straight up said he'd let us in past the ropes right then and there if we handed him $200 (on top of everything else we had to pay for the table!).  WHAT? MINUS ONE STAR! Hella shady business, but the girls were dying in our heels, and everyone was borderline sober so we were like FAACK THAAAT time to TU and so we paid up.  Then again, maybe it's like this for all Vegas nightclubs...? Anyways, in we go!  Just like what everyone else says about the decor and club layout - everything was BEAUTIFUL and in BLACK AND GOLD! It's def a venue that is small, but intimate.  We were walked to our table which was right in the middle of all the fun!  It was located dead center on the sunken dance floor, right in front of the DJ, and we were even right next to this giant martini glass which they filled with water and had a girl dance in as some type of halftime performance or something.  Apparently it was a premiere booth that we got for a reasonable price.You really get what you pay for here though.  We paid for the VIP experience and we sure got it!  We really got taken care of; from our attentive server + busser who kept the drinks and mixers flowing and our table clean, to our bouncer who let us party the night away in our VIP area while keeping undesirables out.  WITHOUT EVEN HAVING TO COMMUNICATE IT!  He even escorted people in our party to and from the bathrooms! Dope! I can only speak of my general views from here on out, since I don't remember much haha. Music was good - Top 40, Hip Hop, EDM.  Sure that may seem random to people, but the sound system was insaaaane!  No matter what was playing, it kept the party going!  My feet killed me, but every time I tried to sit, I'd bounce up again cause the next song was also bomb!  There were random bursts of cold air that kept the place from getting too hot and stuffy, but I didn't like when it rained foam and confetti that got in our drinks, hair, everything really! We had some friendly neighboring VIP tables and when we ran out of alchy, they kindly gave us a bottle of Grey Goose. ++++ for making friends in a drunk stupor!All in all, it was a great time! Would come again, but maybe only with Bottle Service.
5	Small things come in big packages.That should be the motto for this night club. I'm not that big a fan on house/trance music. I enjoy any club that plays a wide variety of music and this place does it for me. It's a bit on the small side, but that doesn't bother me at all. There's 2 bars located on either ends and the main dance floor is located down in the center.I managed to book a table here for my best friend's birthday and enjoyed dancing on the counter. The price for drinks are on the high end, but what night club on the Strip sells cheap drinks? If you make the right connections, you can get hooked up with a few drink tickets ;)Anyways, whenever I'm planning a GNO this place definitely makes the list.PS: There's not much stairs for you to climb like Tao, Marquee, and Hakkasan.
5	Been to a lot of clubs in Vegas and so far this is my favorite. VIP service was bomb! The server was always around to give us refills. Security was on point, we had some randoms try to sit on our table and they asked them to leave. Music was the best part, idk about everyone else but I'm getting tired of techno so I was excited when I heard a lot of hip hop and some classic throwbacks throughout the night. Got to see Cassie and young and reckless crew that night partying it up. Had a chick feeding me strawberries all night, it got like that!! If your a guy or with a group of guys man up and buy a bottle, it'll be worth it.....
2	Poorly organized lines, "free" drink with an outlandish cover charge, and crowded. No room to dance, and tge music they pump out at the entrance is fun top 40 dance, while inside it is aggressive hip hop. Nicest part of the club are the escalators going up.
5	I had a blast here. It's huge and gorgeous. Very expensive but you get what you pay for. Next time I head to Vegas I'm totally coming back here. The confetti cannons are cool and light effects. Seriously, such a great time to be had here.
3	This is a small, intimate club. The club crawls go through here & it is much more fun when the club is packed... all of the sudden, it becomes empty!We had a great time with the table service package. However, for our party of 6 we were seated at a crowded booth with 5 seats. They said to upgrade to a bigger booth (which fit 6) we'd have to pay another $1000....Table service was nice. Had a good view of the club & they changed out our mixers often to ensure they were fresh... They'd also take any mixed drinks left on the table - even when we were there! I think half our bottle went down their drain.Small bottles of water are $8.We eventually left because they only played the same Top 40 over & over & over.....However, I had a GREAT time. Really enjoyed the lay out (small dance floor, surronded by an upper row of tables, surronded by an upper row of club area... kind of like a mini-square-colleseum). PS: No view of "Lake Bellagio" and also no $$$ raining from the ceiling... it's all fake, promotional $$.CONS: Rude staff, taking our drinks, pushing us around, rediculous upgrade fees.... Rotation of shitty music. STICKY floors!PROS: Intimate space, lighting, club layout, the girl in the martini glass ;)
4	Saturday night fun!At the entrance of the Bellagio, an employee immediately questioned if I was headed to the Bank; he snapped his fingers at another man, who then escorted me to the entrance of the club. Smaller than expected; 2 levels. Had to wait a long time for a drink which was off-putting. Sia ("I am Titanium") was in the house! Lots of fun with the MJ impersonator. At the end of the night, we all had to cram into an elevator to get to the main level; not a fan of that exit strategy.
4	Just about the best free nightclub experience I have ever had. We were abducted - ahem - escorted by an employee in the lobby of the Bellagio who promised my group free champagne and immediate entry. Well...okay. He made good on his promise, and we were sipping champagne and dancing to pulsating techno in no time flat. The music was decent, the go-go dancers are gorgeous, and no creepy dudes tried to feel me up on the dance floor. Which is basically all I ask in a good nightclub experience. Free champagne put things over the edge for me. AND, if people watching is more your thing, there are plenty off girls on the WOOOO VEGAS! kick falling off the tables trying to mimic the dancers. Which is hilarious. Enjoy. Or go be one of those girls. But don't fall, or people like me will laugh.
2	There isn't much of a dress code to get into this place.  It's awkward to go into a club to see middle aged women wearing jean skirts and flip flops.  We lasted one drink and bounced.
3	Went there on a Saturday night and had a pretty decent time. Our group had bottle service so we were able to lounge and dance in our area. Good thing we had that because the dance floor is very small! I expected the club to be bigger but was disappointed in its size. It would be a lot better if they had removed the tables on the dance floor to open it up but alas, the tables mean money and force you to buy bottle service. All in all it was a pretty nice club. The dress code said "dress to impress" yet I saw ladies in sandals, sneakers, guys dressed very down and ladies in atrocious attire so that was a big down side. If you're looking to dance and find a more "upscale" crowd then this isn't the place but it's pretty good if you're looking for a cheaper bottle service fee. We stayed until the place closed down at 4 and the DJ played great music all night long. Confetti, streamers and the coordinated lights certainly set the mood for a party night. Just wish dress code was enforced and the floor was bigger but overall we had a great time.
2	I had fun, but that was because I was in Vegas and happy. But this place did not add much to my happiness.  My GF hated the music and I have to agree, I only knew a couple of songs and they just seemed more thug rap than dance stuff.  People were pretty rude, or at the least did not care. Best thing you can say about is no wait to get in, but that was at like 2am.  Not worth $30 entry.
3	After a horrible experience at Hyde, my Bachelorette party made its way to The Bank on a Saturday night. Like Hyde, they have club promoters, who get groups of women in for free (score for the ladies!). Downside...no free drinks. Still, the place was full of beautiful people and actually has a dance floor. We found a spot to dance and immediately drew the attention of every guy in the vicinity. Luckily, the majority of them were engaging and polite and we ended up having a good time, even though the DJ couldn't make up his mind on what music to play. The bass is also loud here, but if you come with a good group of people, you should have a good time.Pros:-Most girls get in for free-Majority of men are gentlemen, not creepy. -Good layout, with actual dance floorCons:-DJ is all over the place! 30 minutes of hard core rap, followed by 10 minutes of top 40, but only playing 30 seconds of each song. *Probably changes nightly-Music and bass are too loud, can't hear anything else-Drinks are expensive
5	Awesome place to go to while in vegas it has the best open format acts and always has sexy girls!! Sunday night is always slammed and it's in the bellagio so it's even that much better
1	Despicable! I pre-paid for a table at The Bank through Vegas.com. My reservation included 2 bottles of champagne and 2 bottles of Vodka. When I contacted the club 2 days before the event, I was told that my reservation was not being honored. They would sit us at the busy bar instead. For anyone who has been out to clubs in Vegas, you know that's not the same kind of experience. Not even close. I had even emailed their Director of Social Media and the same guy who responds to all these Yelp reviews - with my concerns about the reservation. He assured me that the reservation would be honored and to just show up at the club on time. Then I speak with their head VIP host - who tells me I'm SOL. They don't care that I've already paid for a table and bottles... they won't be honoring it. He had no concern for the way that makes his business look. I called Vegas.com to explain the dilemma and they called The Bank directly. Nothing changed. The Bank still says it's a no-go. The lesson learned here is that nobody at this club can be trusted. When their Director of Social Media can promise a customer one thing only to have the club disregard it completely despite having prepaid for the reservation... it's just absolutely reprehensible. There's not a lot we can do to affect these clubs. The supply and demand curve is just so out of wack in this industry that the clubs can do whatever they want, treat you however they'd like, and charge you 20x cost just because! But we have to keep trying to make companies treat customers with respect. I strongly urge everyone who reads this to share this story with anyone they know who might be considering this club. There are other more honest clubs in Vegas that deserve your money. Don't give it to one that will toss you to the side the second a bigger opportunity comes around! Update 5/29 - after the trip:The Bank continued to give me the run around... so we went with Donnie E. at Tao and dropped 5 G's on a prime table on their stage with a perfect view of Snoop and Busta Rhymes performing all night long. Whatever you do, just stay away from the Bank and the shady criminals who run it!
1	So let me get started on these  mother*****s !!!! The club is called the bank and it feels like your in one too. There's  3 lines for guest list, bottle service, and general admission. The lines barely move and it takes HOURS to get inside. The general admission line isn't really a line, it's  vip stanchions that hundreds of people stand in front of and beg the doorman to get inside. They let in whoever they know or whoever they like (Hott girls). And if your a guy expect to pay a lot of $$$$ to get in. First you gotta slide the doorman $20-$50 bucks just to get past the stanchions and on top of that the $40-$50 cover charge. And they try to make people pay for bottle service which can run you anywhere from $700- $2500 just to get inside the club. The girls are hott the music is ratchet and the bartenders make crappy drinks. Not worth the time or money. You should definitely avoid this place and go to a better club like Hakkasan or Marquee.
4	I'm new to vegas so this was my first time here with friends.. We were supposed To go to Hyde but it closed too early for a Sunday so we decided on the bank.. An employee in the casino handed us a free entry ticket which was cool and a free drink ticket.. I don't drink vodka so it didn't help me but my friends love it .. When we go In it was busy but great the bar like was long and we waited 5 mins but the female bRtemder was nice the drinks were $14-15 expensive for a small drink but it is vegas lol.. Later we headed downstairs tk the dance floor which was packed overall the night was fun is prob go back .PROS::: free entry gorgeous go go dancers , fun Atmosphere, high energy and good music..Cons:: wicked rude male bartender. No personality didn't smile, after the club really for going there was nowhere to dance walk Sit anything unless u were VIP. STAIRS everywhere not smart for drunk women wearing high heels and little dresses Overall had a good experience just the bartenders really need personality I work in the service industry also and I know drunk people are hard to deal with but with the tips and $$ u make I'll be glad to take ur job for u so u can be happy somewhere else,. Ur in the customer service industry deal with it:)))
5	music was on point. Notorious BIG woulda been proud
5	Although they lost our VIP reservation they graciously accommodated us. The staff was friendly and professional. The music was awesome all night. Would definitely go back.
4	Came here Sunday night during 4th of july holiday. Guestlist moves as usual, so I don't know about covers. Music vibes and crowd were all on point. HipHop and turn up music. People were dancing hard from the door. Paul Pierce and his cigars were in the building as well as a bunch of other no-name ballers. Good male to female ratio. Attractive fun people, a sprinkling of groupies were in between hustling ballers for their tables. Everything looked nice from the elevator entrance to the dancefloor lights. No complaints really. There was just no wow factor for that 5th star. But good times for a Sunday for sure. Supposedly thats their industry night. Shout out to the hot black gogo dancer that was twerking like a boss. Werk it girl!
4	My favorite club experience while I was in Vegas.Now, you could probably take that with a grain of salt considering that the only other place I was able to go to was Tao Las Vegas; but follow me for a couple more lines. The Bank at Bellagio was unexpected. What I mean is that while this club was tentative on the list of places to go during my trip to Vegas, I really did not have high expectations for the experience. After some plans fell through, The Bank became the move for the night. It was the best move the crew made on the entire trip (next to Wicked Spoon).Fast-forward to the experience itself; yeah, it's a club so unwritten club rules apply (men know what I'm speaking of). I think what made The Bank enjoyable was two things: 1. DJ, who did a great job spinning old school and new school; 2. Bouncers/Bartenders/other staff who I did not have any issues with at all. Oh forgot: 3. Ladies. Lots of 'em.I can't speak on the experience of purchasing a table and whether or not that would have made a difference. I don't think it would have mattered on this night anyways; I had just as much fun doing my two(or three) step on the dance floor and soaking up the LV atmosphere.
4	I was there on Saturday July 5th 2014. It was really good, I had an amazing time, very safe atmosphere, friendly staff, amazing dj. A definitive place to check out while in Vegas. One of my favourite night clubs.
4	Night clubs are not my thing. I don't like being in crowds, I don't like being surrounded by people I don't know, I don't like over the top drunk people, and I don't like spending $8 on a bottle of water.HOWEVER, I did enjoy the time I spent at The Bank. I was able to forgive the rather large crowd being that well over half the people bumping into me were beautiful women. The promoters do a very good job attracting women into the club.  The drinks we're expensive, but that's something you expect from any bar or club in Vegas. The music was a good mix of new and classic rap and R&B. The DJ did a great job reading the crowd and keeping the energy high.The dancers were beautiful. Watching them walk around and dance in their black lingerie is incredibly distracting, so bring some friends or a book to help divide your attention. Don't stare for 2 hours like an ass.That's all. Go, have a great time.
4	I go to Vegas pretty often and have been to the bank a few times. Its always a pretty good time. I would suggest getting a table (yeah its going to cost but your in vegas and everything does) the dancefloor is pretty small) its clean, the dj mixes it up pretty well, and the bartenders(bottle girls) are sweet as well
2	Small venue playing hip hop last Saturday night. I'm personally more for an EDM person, but the bride-to-be likes hip hop, which is why we ended up at The Bank instead of the hot clubs in Vegas. The biggest disappointment in the night was the DJ. He was just bad. He would abruptly cut to another song just when the energy was building for the current song. He couldn't build the energy up at all the drop the beat. It's not just me who was complaining - our entire table noticed this inability to execute a set.
3	A decent time. It was mainly hip-hop but at least it was good hip hop and not any of that ratchet rap.
5	I was there this past Saturday 7/26/14 and had a wonderful time. Dj played mostly hip hop music.
3	A Thursday night in late July 2014....I get to the line at oh 2am or so? an security says $20 to get in. Next thing I know, I get to the register an its $30. The guy who just told me $30 (and a manager) is now gone and vanished. All the other security people were assholes EXCEPT the lady at the register who also didnt give a shit. it was 2AM. No Respect!So anyway, I went in, up the escalators  thru some cave looking thing and the place is full, not too full whatever. Didn't really resemble a bank except for the dance floor built down into the club i guess? then its tier style look. There were not alot of girls there......Best part is one of the bartenders was really cool and laid back. He was a bartender for the bank at bellagio but acted like he was in a dive bar. I will probably never be back. Just a basic nightclub.
4	I had a good experience at this club. My boyfriend and I got in for free so we can't complain much. I was really satisfied with the music and the DJ. The only downside is that I like to drink and lounge around with friends and dance in between drinks. No place to lounge around and drinks start of from $20 per drink including bottled beer.
2	A group of eight of us was wandering the streets of the Strip, wondering where to go, and all of a sudden somebody approached us and told us about The Bank. Having received wristbands (guys $20 with "free" drink), we walked over and got through the short line quickly. The entrance is enticing: once you pass the whole ticketing charade, you go up a steep escalator toward an ominously dark area. As you walk ahead, you hear the music and the people. We headed straight for the bar to retrieve our "free" drinks, and the bartender obliged. It wasn't too crowded for a Saturday night--then again, it was only 10:30. But people were standing around in the upstairs area and dancing around on the downstairs "dance floor." At one point, there were two gogo dancers who just seemed so awkward. One looked like she didn't feel comfortable at all, while the other looked like she was trying to convince her friend to dance. They would "dance" for a few seconds, and then walk toward each other and talk.Meanwhile, the music just sucked. I can't even describe it, other than that it wasn't anything that I've heard or anything that people can really dance to. So I opted to sit down, but at last was told to get up because all the tables/ booths are for reservations only. So... No seats at all. Great.Shortly thereafter, my patience grew thin, and I just left. Definitely not a fan.
4	A friend of ours booked us bottle service for my daughters 21st birthday.  I must say that my husband and I were overly impressed!!  From the moment we arrived we were well taken care of!!  As we were being escorted to our table, Amber our hostess greeted us.  She was AMAZING!!!  Our glasses were never empty and she continued to show our daughter a great time by making sure she always had a drink in hand.  Junior was GREAT!  He made us feel like a royalty by escorting the ladies to and from our table.  He even walked our daughter out of the club when it was time to go.  Amber and Junior provided hands down THE BEST EXPERIENCE!!!  BIG Mahaloz to them both \m/  The Banks service from the moment you walk in to the ladies room attendant... 5 Stars!!!Good drinks at great prices.  Four bottles were more than enough for our party of nine.The draw backs... The pictures are deceiving.  The club looked way bigger online.  And the DJ should've let the songs play for more than an eight count before changing the song.
5	drinks long ass lines lol get a wrist band and you'll be on alot quicker. Long wait times for drinks just because this place gets packed
1	Deceiving business practices. They gave us wristbands telling us the club was free for the night. Waited in line 40 minutes only to be told it's $20 each for girls and guys (in all fairness it does come with one drink ticket), but still very deceiving. Multiple people were upset about this, as I heard other people arguing about the price.Club itself was pretty small and they switched between house music and rap. What really upset me though was they don't give free water, but instead force you to pay $8 per small bottle!! That's just criminal! Any venue that sells drinks should give free water to keep people safe and hydrated. Will never return.
1	This club sucks. Waitresses always pushing for more bottles. They charge a gratuity and and service charge for bottles. If they say you gotta hit a $1,500 minimum beware. Factor in gratuity + service fee + tax, you're looking at 2,300 no joke.Bus staff was extremely unfriendly, like he was annoyed the whole night.Guy working the bathroom was acting like a dick.Security was making sure you didn't have too much fun at your own table, stopping you from doing damn near everything besides standing and drinking. Skip this place.
1	The sound system here is terrible. I cringed every single time the bass would hit and rattle my poor eardrums. We had free entry since it was local and industry night on Monday. The club was crammed and there was no space to stand or walk, unless you're touching someone. We made our way through the crowd (we might as well crowd surfed) and couldn't find anywhere to set up, so we ended up near a back wall. Extremely uncomfortable set up. The DJ was playing hip hop and old school r&b - I just couldn't groove to any of the selected (played out) jams (and I'm down with hip hop/rap/r&b)We were even invited to sit at a bottle service table, but there was no room, at all, unless we wanted to be trampled on. We passed. I just couldn't get past how crap sounding the music and sound system was. Claustrophobia began to settle in and we bounced out not even 20 minutes of being there. Thank goodness we didn't have to pay a cover. It was a waste of time. I have no desire to return to the bank unless something drastically proves that this club is worthwhile. *to be fair - they don't have the millions of stairs scattered all over the place like Tao or Hakkasan, etc. They have a few small stairs and that's it. P.S - we had a better experience at Hyde across the way (inside of the Bellagio) and their view of the Bellagio fountains is f'kn magical.
5	Great staff, along side with the help of my promoter to get us to come here! Great venue with a great play of music! I will definitely be coming back here when I come to vegas! For those who like hip-hop this is a club meant for you to come and visit to have fun! Compared to a number of different nightclubs i've been to in Vegas this is one of the best ones i've liked so far. My top 3.
3	Okay it was my first time in Vegas :)  and it was my 21st birthday .My friends told me to check out The Bank so as soon we hit the strip I got hype that a promoter told me I get free admission since I was 21 --obviously I was hype and all . Went to the club & turns out it wasn't free admission , so there's minus one star . The music was really great though made me want to keep dancing ! Great songs ,only problem was the dance floor was way too cramped to even dance without feeling that you we're about to start an orgy with that whole club . In the end I had to leave , would be better if it was a bigger size and didn't lie about free admission :(
4	Great dj, played really good hip hop. Good crowd all the way around, and my bartender was awesome. You could tell they had good customer service training.The Bank salvaged my Saturday night, which started at a terrible spot. I will definitely go back when I'm in town.
4	Ambiance was cool, staff was mediocre (not very friendly), and food was "pretty good." Was here for a conference, so not sure what this place costs, but I can only imagine it's really expensive.
4	PACK ON A SATURDAY NIGHT. Full of ppl of all types, all singing the top 40 hiphop music. There is a large VIP area with couches to see the dance floor below.  There's three terraces with in the club the dance floor in the center floor.Bright, flashing, multicolored lights even a drummer was drumming to the hiphop songs.Everyone was having a great time, no drama just fun.StaffBeautiful, female,  slim, young in tight glittery dresses.Men in dark suits. Price Beer $10Entree $20
4	After a 2-year hiatus from the wonderful adult playground we like to call Las Vegas, I was walking down the world famous Las Vegas Strip and stumbled upon this nightclub located inside the Bellagio Hotel called the Bank due to a few promoters passing out wristbands for a free drink with paid entry.  I decided to give it a shot to see if it was worth the hype.  They had separate lines for general admission, bottle service and the ones who received wristbands.  Once you get upstairs using the escalator or regular stairs, that's when the fun begins.  The  setup is very unique, yet small and intimate as well as simple at the same time.  A room full of people from all different backgrounds partying like it's their last day on earth.  The DJ was playing the best hip hop and R&B as well as Top 40 the world has to offer.  The bartenders were working their asses off and kept everything on point.  The club has 3 separate levels.  The top part has 2 bars on each side and is available to everyone.  Plenty of room to walk and dance without feeling claustrophobic.  The middle level is for VIP and bottle service.  The bottom level is mainly for dancing but with smaller sections for VIP tables.  Early arrival is suggested unless you feel like waiting in line all night.  There are promoters around that will offer free admission, drink tickets, etc.  I would recommend coming with people who are down to function and/or doing bottle service for the best experience possible.  Keep in mind that you are in Las Vegas and the drinks, especially bottle service can be a bit pricey.  Dress as upscale as possible, be wary of the dress code (don't wear your shades or anything that will deny you admission) and enjoy yourself to the best of your ability.  Plenty of beautiful people all around.  Most will have no problem dancing with you.  Security is strict and stiff at the same time but they are ok to deal with.  After all this is Las Vegas, not Hollywood.     I still had a good time and enjoyed my experience.  The Bank did remind me of some of the clubs I have been to in Hollywood but the vibe and atmosphere differs from that.  The promoters are good at bringing attractive people as well as people looking to have fun with NO DRAMA.  This proves that small and intimate environments will offer the best nightlife experiences possible.  Will be back again next time i'm in town.
3	Came here on a Thursday. DJ was OK. I'm not a fan of EDM so the music was good. Hip Hop overall. But man the DJ is overlooking the dance floor you think he would get a clue when a song excites the crowd. I love a good mix but a 15 second tease of a song is a mojo killer. I stilled danced all night tho.My 1st star lost is for the drinks. Expensive of course its Vegas but the Vodka Cranberry was Bright red. Thank for the cup of juice.2nd star lost and most important is for the overall attitude of the employees/ security. Guy at the bottom of the escalator had that straight face/ I didn't pass the police exam. But whatever. It was the guys inside that really bugged me. I got bumped rather hard at least 4 times by male security passing by me. It was Thursday so plenty of space. Just rude. I am a female an excuse me wouldn't hurt. Or even just acknowledge it. I understand everyone is busy working and all but if that's how they always treat females then it would explain the 70% male count. Overall if I got in free and there wasn't a line I would probably visit here again. But it is definitely not going to be on my top suggestion list to my friends.
3	You get what you pay for, and since our group was comped a bottle, it feels wrong to complain.  Had I paid for the bottle, I would have some gripes about the service, and the crowd, but free is free and I like free.I wouldn't pay to get in here, but it was a Sunday night, we were lacking set plans, and we got drunk for free.  Why the f*ck not?
1	Worse club ever. They advetisted  free drinks for ladies but was not true then once got inside there was nobody in there. Dance floor was empty.  Go somewhere else
3	This is a dance club located inside the Bellagio Hotel.  I attended the Bank on Halloween night, 2014. I have never been to this type of club and I only stayed about one hour.  My friend "demanded" that we go dancing at a late night hour. I'm over 60 and believe me, I was the oldest in the club.  There might have been two other men my age.  Most of the party go'ers are 18 to 30.  My friend is 49, but she thinks she's 29.  Anyway, I think she quickly found out this was not the place for her either.  There were a lot of drunk kids and many were falling down wasted and had to be escorted out by security.  One fell on me!  I was lucky that I didn't have a drink in my hand at the time or I would have been drenched.  The music is popular with this crowd, but it's rap and so loud that standing within 6 inches of each other you cannot hear the other person scream.  Nonetheless, I survived!!  Now I can say I have been to rap club. LOL
1	"Night club" suggests place to dance. This is really an overpriced bar, with an obnoxious line, way overpriced boozed and a non existent dance floor - ugly and awful vegas at its worst!
1	Pathetic. Came to see ice cube at midnight. Still 130 am. Pathetic. Get over yourself C class ice cube... Ice cube has melteddddd... Get over yourself dude
3	Located in the Bellagio Hotel Casino on the Famous Las Vegas Strip. So let me start with this, I am not a nightclub person. If I want to be that disoriented I will go to a family reunion (just kidding). That being said The Bank is a little different if not treacherous. The lay out looks like it was designed by MC Esher. Stairs, poor lighting and alcohol are a recipe for disaster. That being said, it was easy to get a drink, the bars were well staffed. So there is that. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
2	Ugh.....I just cannot.....Came here on a Friday night pretty early (10:30p) and the club was definitely "bumpin'" cuz Trey Songz was supposedly in the house. Which is pretty cool, I guess. We did get to see him from afar when he arrived around midnight....But (and I realize this is prob equally true of all clubs on the Strip) IT WAS SO FREAKING CROWDED!!! I mean, what is the point of playing fabulous hip hop if it's so crowded that NO ONE CAN ACTUALLY DANCE? The dance floor was way too small, the sound system was mediocre, and decor was bland. And the crowd was kinda gross. Like tons of out of towners trying to feel up anything with 2 legs. Stop it. It's gross and disrespectful.
3	Another great hip hop music club in the Bellagio.  Very small but if you have a table its cool and more spacious.  The dance floor is alway packed.  They always have cool special guest.  The host and service staff are awesome here.
1	They pulled a bait and switch, telling us cover was free with wristband. When we got there, it ended up being $20 per person. They also charged us us $28 for a lemon drop.
5	This is the new spot for hip hop now that Haze nightclub is closed down for renovations. Don't listen to other reviewers. They obviously did not have a good experience because they didn't want to spend money.This club is actually cheap for bottle service compared to Hakkasan or Marquee. On a typical night, bottles are around $650 min (not bad!)Jonathan Sidara is a great host (720-201-1009).  He'll make sure you hot ladies get to drink for free, and he'll hook all you men up with the best bottle prices!  Be sure to text him for table reservations. He's one of the few Vegas hosts I can actually trust, which is really hard to say! He'll ensure you have the best time of your life!Overall, great club, hip hop all night, fun atmosphere!
1	I got robbed here! Sucks. This place used to be awesome and now it is trashy and gross. Go somewhere else.
1	The staff was highly rude to me when a patron had passed out and I was trying to help would not recommend. No wonder they are handing out free wrist bands to the public on the strip. Rude, shitty Staff,and shitty drinks
4	Good vibes. Great hip hop music. Strong drinks. We got in for free from a great promoter named Amir +1 (310) 980-7426 The only complaint I have is that they have a tiny dance floor :(
4	So I went on a Sunday night (Nov 16) because Wale was going to be in the building performing. This was my first time going to Bank and I didn't know what to expect. I went around 11pm - ish and it was pretty slow inside. I was able to get table service by contacting Vegas's best promoter Jun Bug 248-495-7448 and was about to have everything taken cared of. I would say it was about 12 - 12:30am before it started to get crowded and popping. I will say if you're looking for strictly hip hop music and rap, then Bank is a good place to find that. I definitely will say I enjoyed myself, reminded me very much of the clubs in Florida and same style music. Definitely a lot smaller than any other clubs I have been to here in Vegas on the main strip like comparing Bank to Tao or Tryst or Marquee... Bank is a little room, but you know the club experience is all about who you go with and the kind of music and fun you wanna have!Music selection was definitely on point that night, most likely rap of course to hype up the crowd for the attendance of Wale. Due to connections I was also able to get up on the upper level and party with Wale in VIP while he was performing! crazy I know! Keep in mind you can smoke all the cigs you want in the club, but for you Vapers out there... security will get on your case and make you stop vaping. but once we were in VIP we Vaped all we wanted :)One thing I really really really liked about this club... besides everything being free for me... was that when I asked security where the bathroom was... he took me to restroom, like he escorted me, waited outside the restroom for me, and held my hand to escort me back to my table. idk if they did that coz I had table service, and yes he held my hand coz I was pretty wasted already, but even still... I thought that was awesome that their security escorts the ladies to the bathroom! Very gentlemen like so even though I really would just give this club a 3 star.... it's definitely getting 4 stars from me for clean place, awesome service, and I'm a rap girl hip hop fan so the music was bumping to me! I had a great time that I would go back. But definitely hit up Jun Bug! He'll hook it up!
3	Dj was good but I'm just tired of the weirdos trying to grind on you. It's so nasty I can't take it. I truly feel if you're just perves standing there staring and young girls you need you have your own club and get away from females that need to get away and hang out with their homegirls. The drinks were pretty good not sure what I got told the bar tender to surprise me haha.
1	Watch out , the staff tries to solict your girlfriend for another guest. The punk kids that work there think they are so cool. Are they are hostesses, like in restaurant. I stick with XS next time.
2	So... I guess I should preface this review with the fact that I am not a club girl.  I don't frequent clubs nor have I been to many others in Las Vegas.  I have been to Light and Haze - both of which are about 100 times better than The Bank.  I should also say that my husband and I were sort of dragged here by a group of co-workers/friends.First of all, our group was promised a table, which we did not get.  At that point, I should have just left because standing on an overly crowded dance floor getting groped by broke asses is just not my thing.  The only good thing about this place is that we all got in for free and, being a lady, I got two free drink tickets.  I gave one of my tickets to a male friend and he was promptly told that he couldn't use it because he has a weenie.  So, I got his drink & a drink for myself with the two tickets.  We then made our way to the ridiculously crowded dance floor (seriously... isn't there some sort of limit to how many people are allowed in the place? & yes, I know how clubs work but for crying out loud... it was really rough) where we were yelled at if we tried to walk up to the other levels.  If we stopped for anything at all, the bouncers told us to get lost.  One positive note - the DJ was awesome!The drinks are absurdly expensive and the bartender kept giving us one price and then saying, 'Oops.. I made a mistake, it's really (insert $5 more here)'.  I guess they were afraid of not getting a tip.  Well, they were right.  No one tipped because they kept giving everyone a higher price.I also had a really, really bad experience with the broke ass creepy dudes they let in that place.  Thank god I had my husband, a really good male friend & another dude with our party protecting me the whole time.  Now - I have to say - I don't think that I'm something special. I don't usually get mass amounts of male attention when I go out, whether to the club or just the grocery store.   I was fully clothed (I even had on a cardigan. I was not expecting to end up at da club that night.), had on light make-up and a husband in tow.  I'm pretty sure I was not giving off the come-hither vibe.  Now, I know that this isn't The Bank's fault... creepers gonna creep no matter what.  But damn... I literally had to run from these dudes!  I don't know how many times I had to say 'I'm married and my husband is right here', which they never listened to.  I even asked to be escorted to the bathroom because I was worried for my safety.That being said - Ladies of Las Vegas, please be careful.  These dudes (& I'm sure so many other creepers in all the clubs in LV) were legit scaring the hell out of me.  Please make sure you are in groups/have your phone/do whatever you can to be safe.This has been a public service announcement..... For reals though... be safe Las Vegas!!
3	Let's start with the good. The venues placement is nice, there's a nice escalator that takes you up to the dance floor. The problem is finding the dance floor. The bank has a bar and a huge amount of tables, including tables on the dance floor that the bouncers make sure that you don't move into. Meaning once the club starts really going you're basically on top of each other. The Bank states that it's a hip hop club but I wouldn't say the same it's still EDM except with old school hip hop music, it's not my style but the music itself isn't bad. The DJ had a hard time mixing the tracks though. Lastly, I give the club three stars because of the EXPENSIVE WATERED DOWN drinks. We got in the club for free, due to a promotion but I paid 14 dollars for a jack and coke. Or I should say 14 dollars for a coke. If you pre game or plan on spending the money for bottle service you can definitely have a good time. The Bank just wasn't for me though.
5	Great venue, great music, but the staff is unlike any other....They are amazing!!!! Megan was our bottle service girl and she was so sweet! The two security guards working in our area were also so sweet and funny and genuinely cared about my group. And our VIP Host...Irv....Wow, just wow. Friendly, attentive, polite, I've never had an experience with a VIP Host like that before, he even came back to check on us and dance with us, as opposed to most clubs where they seat you and disappear. We were only in Vegas for the weekend but we went back to The Bank the second night because we had so much fun. Definitely will be back again!
4	I have been to The Bank twice and both times have been successful. Entrance free, drinks good, music loud, bouncers nice and bathrooms located downstairs. Going up the escalator to the club is exciting. Bars on each end of the club so it keeps things moving with getting drinks. Standard prices on beers and cocktails. The dance floor is a decent size but there are a lot of tables so it eliminates the crowd because people with a table just stay there and dance. It was crowded but not overly crowded. Just packed enough to move about without getting annoyed. Really nice inside and a good time.
