3	Go after midnight and pay $2 per game.  Wow!
3	Red Rock Lanes is a great place to bowl.  It's a fairly new place and still looks super clean.  They have good prices on brew and food.  And their Cosmic bowling is good fun and can really enhance your buzz. Now, I don't take bowling seriously but when it's part of a drinking game, it's on like Donkey Kong.The Rules (there should be more but we couldn't think of anymore):Bowl a strike, other people drinkRoll a gutter ball, you drink.Have the highest score in a frame, other people drinkThis game kinda sucks if you're good bowler since you won't be drinking.  But if you're a bad to semi-moderate bowler, game on.Since we were using beer, we were feeling full after a couple of pitchers (in the first game).  But we all persevered and continued to drink and play.  Sufficed to say, by game three, we were done.I lost to a girl?  -- Not that there's anything wrong with that. --One more game.
4	I love to bowl, although I suck at it.  This is a fun place to bowl because it's nice, massive, clean, and has a snack bar. The only thing I didn't like is that they only allow you to use bumpers if you're 12 years old or younger ... wth!  Some of of us really need those bumpers!!!After bowling here a couple of times, I think it's one of the best places to bowl in Vegas.  It's also reasonably priced -- approx. $24 for 2 games/2 people.
5	I had a BLAST here last night.  Sure, it was a private party decked out in the best 80s funtasticness imaginable, but still.The food is greasy and good, the techno bowling (or whatever it's called) is way fun, especially with the videos playing on the huge screens on the back wall.  The lanes are new, and clean, and so well oiled that I probably got a few more strikes than I deserved.Add in bars and video games and you've got yourself one of the best "being a kid again" nights you can have in Sin City.
3	We came here for the GSP vs BJ Penn fight. 10 bucks to come in and watch the fight, not bad since places on the strip were charging between 20 and 50 bucks. They had the fight on every possible TV and big screen in the place. You got a ticket for a free well drink too which was cool. What wasn't cool was the bartender serving me and my friends our free well drinks in small glasses while he served everyone else theirs in the bigger plastic cups. We knew it would be awhile before we could get another drink so i ordered two henn and cokes and he rolled his eyes and gave attitude then charged me 24 bucks for the two drinks. I'm sure it was cuz of the fight they overcharged the drinks but extra overcharging and bein a jerk, here's a dollar tip. i don't even want to think of the small 12 dollar shots of henn. As for the bowling alley, plenty of lanes and looked great. maybe on a regular night I'd have a better experience at the bar.
4	Pretty good place to bowl. Great atmosphere. If you're not an avid bowler than this place is excellent. But if you want lane conditions to be perfect, than don't expect too much. Lanes were dry for me half the times i go there. Other than that, this place is really cool. NIce casino and nice alley. Very far from me though. Even though it's far, I still come out here to bowl for fun sometimes.
4	The Red Rock lanes are beautiful.  It's very hard to say that a bowling alley can have a level of beauty and cleanliness that the RR Lanes possess.  From the full bar to the lanes themselves, RR Lanes is completely deck out with fun and affluence.  The price isn't the best in town, however, like the motto goes "you get what you pay for". When it comes to a fun night bowling, spend a few extra bucks and visit the RR Lanes.
3	Ok so, lets go with 3 stars here..... I woulda gone with 4 had the 2 meathead bartenders at the bar here been a little friendlier and didnt mock my 3 dollar tip I left them for a pitcher...  BUDDY, i got one pitcher from you... im not greasing you huge for this... no to mentioned your attitude towards everyone stunk up the place... guess thats the reason your way out there off the strip!  bowling lanes = superb, classy, wonderful... i thoroughly enjoyed... overall a super fun atmosphere. I would definitely go here again, maybe next time ill bring my own flask!  haha
4	Our favorite bowling alley that we've been to in Vegas. Very nice and a little more upscale than say the Orleans. Prices aren't what they used to be and seems like bowling is getting a bit on the expensive side but definitely fun for Rock N Bowl on Friday nights.
4	Had a blast here with the kids (7 and 5). Lanes have automatic bumpers that come up for the little ones, and they have super light bowling balls. Everything nice and clean, and lively but somehow mellow. Great place for the family. Red Rock is a nice hotel that is great for locals avoiding Strip attitude. Perfect family spot. Theaters next to the bowling are good too.
4	In league at Red Rock this summer, and it is a great set of lanes.  Always a lot of people on staff, very helpful.  Clean and well maintained, easy access from the third floor of the parking garage.Snack bar is consistently edible, and payable with Station points.  Bar has $9 pitchers of domestic beer, vending machines for water and light snacks.  We go on Saturdays to practice, $2 a game for league bowlers, also payable with Station points.  The addition of the Yard House in Red Rock almost makes up for them closing down the Salt Lick BBQ.
4	It had been a while since my last visit to Red Rock Lanes. I forgot how nice the facility actually is. I've bowled a lot over the past years, typically at Sunset Station or the Orleans. Those two places are nice, but they are no Red Rock. The facility is very very clean, the ventilation is fantastic, and the equipment is all kept up well. The drinks were cheap, and they had Kona Longboarder on Tap, which was great. Also, the snack bar was very reasonable. We had 2 quesadillas and fries for less than $11. The price for bowling was also not too bad for cosmic - $4.50 a game (not including shoes). We were here on a Friday night for cosmic bowling. My only complaint was the music. I only noticed three types of music being played: 1) Classic Rock (I love, so had no problem here), 2) Christian pop (eh, not bad, but not really for cosmic bowling), 3) Emo (okay, it may not be actual emo, but it was a lot of skinny whining singers and the songs all sounded the same). I guess I am used to pop rock and hip-hop at cosmic bowling. For a bit of randomness, we did find out that we were bowling next to a porn star...for whatever that is worth.
5	These lanes are my new favorite lanes to bowl at.  They hosted a bowling tournament for my church this past Saturday, and everything went smoothly, we had a meeting in one of their private rooms and it was my first time in one of them.  Its a pretty nice size for a small party to place tables and chairs.I also recently discovered that they have $1 snacks on mondays.  Such as, nachos, chili cheese fries, and hot dogs.  Not bad eh?  As for the lanes, theyre perfect! For me at least. hehe I bowled some decent games here.  197, 195, 181 to name a few games. lol
5	I can always count on red rock lanes for its consistency in cleanliness, organization, lack of computer and mechanical problems, and awesome customer service. They have good deals, even for the nocturnal such as myself. For the non-bowlers(just the spectators), there's a row of tv's along the alley showing the up-to-date and even old school poppy and rocky music vids. Should it be a sports/game night, the game is playing as well. There's a good set of dart boards and billiard tables, bar, and mini arcade. I've been here for hang-outs, bowling practice for tourney's, and actual tourney's . So it's a good place to consider if you're having a large party- they offer VIP rooms for meetings. This place would rule the world if it had playback video of previous frame, as I'd seen at other alley's. Other than that, this place rocks- ergo, red rock.
5	My choice of alley in the late night. Not a fan of the dark ones.Ever since Red Rock Lanes opened, I've been returning to bowl for fun, competition, practice, and just to hang out. The whole place is clean and consistent down to the house balls that tend to look raggedy, but not here. I don't know if it's the bowlers that come here  or what but they look like they're really well kept.  Playing here, I've experienced very minimal problems unlike the neighboring bowling alleys in the hotels. I really can't remember ever having to hit that reset button or calling the front desk for a malfunction so, +'s for that!Another reason I like playing here is they play the sports highlights! I get caught staring at the tv when it's my turn to bowl. Call it what you want, but that's what you call great service on demand! Don't blame it on me; blame it on the alley for putting those nice flat screen monitors that go from lane 1 to lane 45 (or something like that)! On Mondays they have $1.50 games and $1 nachos, hot dogs, and chili cheese fries. They're not gourmet or anything, but for the price, they're Emeril Lagasse made to me! LOL! Might have exaggerated a little there. ;PAside from bowling, I've also played some billiards there too. The tables are inexpensive and go by the hour. Regulation size and the pool sticks aren't worn down or anything. The darts,on the other hand, have broken or crooked tips. For 75 cents a player, you can get a game of cricket on. Get the balls at the cashier counter and the darts from the bartender. The bartender there comes off a little bit as jerk and has a stuck up attitude.I always have a blast whenever I come here so that's why I keep coming back here and will continue to; just as long as everything stays everything!
5	As good as a bowling alley can get.  The kids had a great time.  70 lanes wide and, typical Vegas, you can upgrade to the more private lanes and the super private lanes.  No thanks....keep me with the masses.  Good selection of balls, shoes, fast food, drinks, etc..  The lanes were in good condition, the computers worked well and the pins never jammed.  Make sure you don't try to bowl on league night as it gets very packed.
5	Had a work-sponsored night at the VIP lanes and it was AMAZING!  Before you even arrive, they ask for your shoe sizes and favorite musicians.  When you get there, bowling shoes and socks are waiting for you.  They play all of your favorite music with the videos projected on a huge screen above the 4 lanes.  There is your own private bar with bartender and a bowling host.  The host inputs all of your guests names into the computers, gets everyone all set to bowl, and even takes requests for the music.  We had 12 people over 4 lanes, but the space could have easily accommodated more.  There were tons of comfy couches and chairs.   I would highly recommend the VIP lanes to large groups looking for a swanky and fun night out.
2	Definitely Not good service. Didnt ask if we needed shoe rentals and didnt explain anything special. The cashier forgot to ring us up for one person and our lane jammed halfway through the game. I went up to ask the desk if they could fix the jam. The person at the register at this point (ended up he is the manager!!) was very rude and just started yelling at me that we didnt pay for enough people. Im sorry I honestly just signed the receipt not looking at the price and had no clue that we had only paid for three people. I didnt even know the computer would allow you to play more people than paid for. He was extemely rude and did not want to fix the lanes. At this point I didnt even want to finish playing because he instantly assumed I was purposely not paying. In the customer service industry, the customer is always right and you should be nice to them if you want good reviews. I will definitely not be going back here.
5	This is a great bowling alley that caters to a wide range of people. Around  9-10, they turn into a cosmic bowling alley and that is the only way to go bowling. The music is vast and appeals to multiple generations. Within the hour and a half, it went from classic rock to disco to top 40 to R&B. The area have always been clean the few times I have come out here. The staff are quick and attentive. The full bar, couple of pool tables, and arcade are convenient for when the lanes are busy.
5	This is a great venue for bowling.  The lanes are relatively new and is well maintained.  The computer system and touch screens work perfectly.  There are at least 50+ lanes here, not to mentioned the private bowling lanes inside the VIP private room, so the facility is big.  The carpet and the floor are nice and clean, which is always a big plus in my book.  Who wants to walk on sticky floors before stepping onto the lanes?  Not I. And definitely not while you are wearing your own bowling shoes.  I have never observed any computer problems or mechanical failures, which can be frustrating for bowlersThis facility is stocked with a large number of bowling balls, so perfect for those from out of town or the not-so-serious local bowlers that do not own their own personalized bowling balls.  And these are all in very decent shape (I doubt there is a chipped or cracked or visually worn out bowling ball here).The deli/snack bar offers the usual fares found at most bowling alleys, except perhaps slightly more high end.  The arcade is available for those that may be bored with bowling or waiting for the rest of their friends to show up.  Drinks can be ordered at the bar.  Pretty much all the amenities that you would expect at a bowling alley are present, except better!The selection of music is especially good, if you enjoy the latest pop hits and favorites as far back as the 80s.  During Cosmic Bowling, they will dim the lights and also play the music videos on the screens above the pins.  I absolute enjoy Red Rock Lanes' Cosmic Bowling.They are also able to accommodate private and large group functions efficiently.  I was recently here again for a large private function, and we had 26 lanes of unlimited bowling for three hours, plus Cosmic Bowling on a day that it is not typically offered.  Everything went absolutely without a hitch.Red Rock Lanes is definitely without a doubt, a top notch bowling facility in the SW Las Vegas area. Check them out if you want pure bowling fun, without the typical mechanical and computer issues that plagues other less pristine bowling alleys at other casinos.5 stars!
5	I really think this is the best place to bowl in the Valley.  You get the huge amount of lanes, the Cosmic Bowling, the giant pitchers of Shock Top for cheap and chili-cheese fries going?  It's all a recipe for bowling done right!Even during March Madness they had all the games going on screens around the lanes in HD, with a family-friendly radio soundtrack overlayed.  You can basically get any bowling-related thing out of a vending machine (including overpriced socks).   Even the selection of bowling balls is pretty swank.   Give it a try!
4	Took the kids and wife here over the weekend for a couple games of bowling. All in all it was a good time. The place seems very new and clean inside with nice modern feel. Computer setup to get a game going was a breeze. Had some snacks from the bar and they weren't to shabby either. (Appetizer platter and some salted pretzels).I've bowled at a few other places in town, (coast casino's) and Red Rock definitely has a more upscale feel. Also was once in the VIP room's for a work party. They were awesome, cosmic bowling in a nice lounge is how I describe it.Since this is the closest bowling to me, you won't see me going elsewhere.
5	Spacious, modern, clean are just some of the reasons why Red Rock Lanes is the best place to bowl in Las Vegas. From every strike to a gutter ball, I've loved my every experience here, which is especially impressive since I'm hardly an avid bowler. This "bowling alley" is just one of the many reasons I can't stop gushing over the awesomeness that is the Red Rock (http://www.yelp.com/writeareview/biz/RhEvP5flF6KoPriMHmVYGg?return_url=%2Fbiz%2FRhEvP5flF6KoPriMHmVYGg).Folks who are used to divey bowling halls are in for a treat at Red Rock Lanes. The aura commands an immediate sophistication, perfect for bowlers of all levels and even the non-bowlers, proving there really is a little something here for everyone. This isn't the bowling hall that Roy Munson played in (http://www.gapintelligence.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/08/munson.jpg), it's the tricked out version appropriate for all ages with over 70 lanes.There is plenty of dedicated space per lane, comfy seats for big groups, and lots of tables for folks just looking to grab a bite. The catering is a tad expensive (bowling isn't exactly cheap either) but this is Summerlin, not Fremont. As with most larger bowling alleys, there is an arcade, big and extensive with most of the latest games. I only wish this place was around when I was a little kid.What put Red Rock over the top for me was their VIP bowling area. Granted I thought it was a silly (read: hilarious) take for a bowling experience, having experienced it myself I can't say enough amazing things about this segregated portion of the place. The ambient lighting was totally club worthy and the lanes are truly apart from the rest of the venue. There is something comical yet interesting about sipping cocktails and sitting on plush furniture while watching someone bowl. But to suggest that it's not fun (especially in good company) would be blasphemy.Midnight bowling after a movie in the nearby theaters is a great way to spend an evening without having to go to the strip. I've brought many bowler enthusiasts to Red Rock Lanes and many of them have arrived at the same conclusion as I:  "This place is amazing."
4	Great bowling alley but bar service needs to be better and use glass pitchers and chilled glass for the beer, plastic is cheap and terrible what they charge!
5	Great customer service, full bar, clean, and fun.
5	Vegas has some really great bowling lanes and this is the best.  They play fun, modern music.  They even have a private area for your intimate party.  Don't miss cosmic bowling.  It's awesome!  I would take guests here.  The only drawback: its a little pricey.  If you are on a budget try the bowling lanes at Texas Station.  Almost as nice and a little bit cheaper.
3	These lanes are gorgeous. The best in the valley.  I like coming here because for the most part the staff is friendly and courteous.  The lanes are always cleaned and there are plenty of people working to help when I have a problem.   Bar staff is superior.  Always very attentive, perhaps this is because it's not very busy?  I would have given it a 4 out of 5 stars.  Minus one because of the atmosphere, the music is kind of quiet and the variety is lacking...BUT the snack bar is a mess! If I wanted to see a freak show I would go to the circus, not a bowling alley.  Please just take my order, don't sing and dance to me.  And when I come back you act like you've never seen me before and start demanding a ticket for the item I purchased 5 minutes ago.  The lady cook seems like her head isn't screwed on straight or something.  5 minutes happy and the next 5 minutes having a hernia attack!! I've been there before where I've seen her yelling at the customers.  Great service red rock! Needless to say, next time that I visit Red Rock Lanes I'll go to the food court first. They've always been courteous and kind to me.
1	VERY DISAPPOINTED!!! RUDE SERVICE AND VERY DISORGANIZED. Leagues did not start for 2 hours and they would not let 2 little kids play for an hour. Very rude service at the front desk. Would not recommend.
1	The lanes are nice, I like to drink while I bowl.. The bartender Chad is the worst I have ever dealt with. He has very poor costumer service.. I was playing the slots and ordered a crown and coke and tipped $5.00 for the one drink.. He gave it to me with all ice and coke and couldn't taste any crown, so I asked him if he could make it a double.  He then told me no, that because the week prior when I was there I didn't tip him, which I did, just put it in my friends cup not the one with my tab in it, that he wouldn't help me anymore. I was so offended that I will never order a drink from him again. My friends and I bowl every week on league there and I would rather walk to the sports bar to get a drink then to ever hand him another dollar..  Like I said lanes are nice but the bar staff is horrible.. So they get one star.,
3	Huge, clean bowling alley with a multitude of lanes (over 60, I believe.)  Games get cheaper later at night, I think after 10pm.  There were a few communication issues with the guy working the cash register as we tried to pay for games.  He was in a pretty bad mood.  We didn't let that get in the way of having a good time, though.
4	its a nice bowling center the lanes are nice.  The people that are here, are here to have fun.  It is good for large groups and weekly events. Beers are little high but then again you are at Red Rock.
4	Wow, bowling has been taken up a notch.Beware normal bowling fans, Red Rock Lanes will be a completely different experience for you, especially if you go for the Cosmic Bowling nights. This is bowling at a club. You will not find anyone over the age of 40 bowling here during cosmic bowling, that's for sure.I celebrated my "early" birthday here with a gathering of friends. We got a lane for two games. Each game costs $13 (that includes shoes). Well, that's a bit pricey in my book for bowling, BUT it was my birthday so splurge! In all honesty I would probably bowl elsewhere (for cheaper) had it not been my birthday party. The ambiance is hip, there's a plus with a really nice bar, and the music is fun - but really, when you go to bowl isn't it more about BOWLING and talking with friends/making fun of their poor bowling skills? This is kind of a hard thing to do when you have strobe lights in your face and a booming background track of music.It's a HUGE facility and even on a Saturday night around 9 PM we did not have to wait for a lane. I think with other places you'd probably end up waiting around a bit for a lane to open up just because other alleys are much smaller. There's a multitude of pluses about this place, but I think the real downside is the expensive price tag they put on it. Bowling should be for the masses and should be cheap! Of course, that's just my opinion. Overall, good time, but I think maybe I'll just go to the base and pay $5 for unlimited cosmic bowling....
5	Let's bowl, let's bowl, let's rock-'n-roll.Hey, come on, let's get this show on the road.Let's bowl, let's bowl, let's rock-'n-roll.We're sittin' on a bomb that's about to explode.We're gonna score tonight, we're gonna score tonight.If you're lookin' for a fight, then the time is right.We're gonna wipe the floor with you tonight. Extra points for anyone who can tell me where the song came from.High end bowling and the price is normal.  The lanes are clean, the equipment in great shape, and the atmosphere is not tacky like some casino.  If I had a complaint it would be that the food isn't that great and doesn't really have the bowling alley feel.  Still, I don't come there to eat, but to rock-n-roll.  There always seems to be a lane open so don't be shy!
4	I love to bowl and this place was pretty good.  They have plenty of lanes and seemed well greased.  I have never been to such a modern bowling alley where it will sound off a sensor and mark you down in the scores when you cross the lane line (foul) and there are plenty of tvs besides the scoring tv above the lane so you can also watch sports or other shows.The night that we went we went for a movie and then went bowling afterwards because after 10pm it is $1.50 per game and $2 dollars a beer. But the shoe rental was about $4-$5 (sorry, I can't remember the exact prices). I think that they do it most nights, but we went on a Sunday.  I think some of the weekend nights they do cosmic bowling.  Make sure to bring your own socks because they don't have the little ped socks that you can put on with the shoes.  I will definitely be back if I can bowl on the after 10pm special.
3	Don't expect friendly service from the staff there.  The telephone receptionist is VERY rude.  The lanes however make up for the poor service.
5	Best bowling alley in Vegas, we had a ton of fun on glow in the dark bowling night! A pitcher of beer wasn't expensive at all I think I paid like $11. Fun times :)
4	awesome lanes, always busy, always clean... I think the cashier could be happier but hey, its a bowling alley.
4	Went today for a Family Day get together for my husbands work employees and families.  We reserved 5 lanes and had 25 people bowling both adults and kids.  What I like first is you can park and walk easily to the alley without having to lug your bowling ball and kids :) through a casino.  I thought it was really cool the decor and boy was it huge.  At first it reminds me of Sunset Station but newer - then everything was different and I LOVED it!  The arcade is at the back NOT the front like Sunset so if you are with a birthday party or a lane at the back you can have a watch on the kids and know they won't be going home with someone else.  The bar area was very nice with billard games including a pool table and darts and TVs catching Sports which was very important today since our team was playing while we attended the party.  The lanes were greased really nice and the alley was very clean.  Being a Mom with a child the ONLY thing I didn't like but is very important to me and my friends is the little metal thing that you push to the lane and your child puts the ball on and it slides off.  They did not have these here which surprises me especially with them having kid birthday parties.  We had two 2 year olds and the ball didn't quite make it down even though we were all blowing it from a distance so we had to call the employees several times (ok more than several) to help retrieve the ball.  I did see an area called the VIP lanes which I think would be cool for a wedding reception Vegas style. This took us 30 minutes to get to but it was well worth the drive.
3	bowling alley nice.  They had a party room with about 6 or 8 lanes that we were in, the public (where the bar and arcade were, had about 25 lanes.  Shoes are comfortable.  Smoking only allowed at the bar.  Food was good, a little higher end than normal bowling food, sliders with grilled shalets (instead of onions) - pretty good, pizza (but almost tasted like microwave pizza, the cheap store brand), chicken strips, popcorn shrimp.
5	We've got a tech savvy bowling alley here...Bowling alleys equal black lights. You know you're in for a good time when your clothes immediately illuminate under the black lights as a reward for wearing white. Looks like there are 25+ lanes, which are very clean and so are the snazzy/ comfy bowling shoes you'll rent. These shoes also look great under the black lights. :-)You pay roughly $4 a frame for each person, which could add up, but that's a fair price. The computer tracking system works very well - maybe a little too well. There are sensors that will trigger if you cross a mark taped maybe 18 inches before the lane begins dinging points off your score. I hear that if you visit the bowling alley after 10pm the prices are cut down to $1.50 a frame. I'll be sure to visit after 10pm on my next visit.You're unable to reserve a lane, so if you arrive on a busy night you might have to wait 20+ minutes. On the bright side, there is a nice bar area that offers really great prices on drinks with what sounded like 30+ types of beer available. Also in the bar area are two billiards tables, so if you're really in the mood for games - you can always shoot pool while you wait for your lane to open up. There's also a nice snack bar with lots of fried food, fries, chicken fingers, burgers, pizza - that sort of thing, which is ultimately what you crave most after bowling.Over each lane there are rows and rows of TV sets and at the end of the lanes above the pins there are huge screen TVs all playing the same music videos in synchronicity. I found this really distracting - I'm not saying that's my excuse for bowling badly - but I haven't seen music videos in a really long time, so I couldn't help myself from looking at overstimulating images while waiting for my turn.Good time. I will definitely return. Enjoy!
5	I use too bowl on regular basis with some coworkers but now its only once year for traditional Turkey Bowl. I bowled just about everywhere in town even back too the Showboat Casino. Yay now that going back old school bowling alley. Lol! Hell you actually had too keep score with paper and pencil. Imagine if the new generation of kids had too keep track of own scores might not be as FUN. Lol.The things really enjoy about Red Rock Lanes is everything had modern look too it. I am use too going bowling at alleys like Gold Coast or Showboat. Nothing wrong with going with the times and sure before came common place going all computerize might not have been best business idea. The bar is nice open island style bar so there lots of room. The bar has it own little lounge area. One that can play pool or darts if bowling not your cup of tea or tried of throwing your arm out. The food nothing fancy just your basic burgers, fries, and really just bar food but nice option. The bowling alley not that smoky. Some alleys the ceiling is so low feel like smoking all night. They have private lane although never been in it. The pro shop there had all the equipment, bowling balls, and bags need get started or browse. The prices are average compare too other alleys. Not often go bowling just once year. If once year bowling really no other bowling alley would want too go.
4	Soooo much better than bowling at the Suncoast... We've found our new place for family bowling night.
4	My first Yelp Event and had a god time.  Red Rock Lanes was nice, clean and not so loud you couldn't hear anyone talking. The discounted games $1.50 each after 10 PM didn't hurt either.  The facility still looks pretty much new, and the crowd was fun loving and respected the other bowling around them.  Lane courtesy was obvious, and no one was excessively loud or obnoxiousness.  The bar was a little slow on service, but it was a Monday night and it was more crowded than the lanes themselves.  The only real problem I had was I had to keep resetting the pins, or the ball would get stuck ( 3 times in 3 games).  The staff was pretty responsive, but gave you the feeling they just didn't want  to be there, but you really can't blame them either.I music was not to loud and the animated scoring was new so I hadn't seen them a million times before.  Will go back regardless if there is an event or not.
5	I came here for Roger's UYE.  Other than standing at the entrance to see what the bowling venue looked like after a movie, I had never been here.  The price was right--$1.50 per game starting at 10 PM.  This price is available Sunday through Thursday and the alleys are open until 2 AM.The lanes are in great shape.  Although we had a problem a few times with the one lane freezing after throwing the first ball, we just got around it by pushing the reset button.  We got one shot at doing better.Service at check in was very friendly.  Since I'm of that certain age when you get discounts for not dying yet, I can do this price most weekdays bowling between 8 AM and Noon.  Not bad.  I really should go more often so I can shine--sort of--instead of doing as poorly as I did Monday night.  Practice makes better as my saying goes.
1	Horrible service. The prices are outrages here. I don't recommend a family of 5 go out to this location to go bowling. $120. No military offers. No type of service. Other people don't control their kids. Attendants are slow at responding to lane issues. The food is way over priced. $45 pizza!!!! Our first and last time as a family here.
4	This is a great bowling facility. My only suggestion is to cool it down a little. I know I'm not having hot flashes, way beyond that..
4	Red Rock Lanes is my favorite bowling spot, and not only because it's attached to the casino. It's clean and nicely maintained and has a pro shop and arcade also. They offer discounted games such as $1.50 during some late night hours. The regular price for a game is a bit steep, but you are in a billion dollar resort hotel facility. The bar inside the lanes has Gordon Biersch on tap, and at $9 a pitcher this is a bargain.
3	I think Red Rock Lanes is the nicest local bowling spot! It's very clean and even kind of trendy looking haha I feel like they have less lanes than the South Point bowling alley but they also have a "VIP" area where you can host private bowling parties! There are plenty of flat screens and plenty of seats for your cheerleaders to cheer you on from and they are located right by the parking garage (park in the garage by the far right elevator) so you don't have to walk through the casino to get there! They have lots of rules but they are not strictly enforced so that's nice! Like most bowling alleys they have an arcade, bowling shop & snack bar (we didn't sample any food) & a fun bar area! I really liked their bar area because they had pool tables, shuffle boards, dart boards and video poker. They also have 2 sets of restrooms on each end of the bowling alley so you don't have to walk too far. The cashiers and all of the staff were friendly for the most part...I would give RRL 4 stars but I feel the bartender, Steve, just really wasn't that nice. There were about 15+ of us so maybe he was overwhelmed since he was working alone but it just seemed like he was trying to upsell on everything.. I asked him if there were any drink specials and he said no so I mentioned the big poster up front with the "After Dark" specials and he was just like "ohhh you mean those..." So my friend ordered a $2 domestic draft special and he tried to talk her out of it saying it's too small... I tried ordering a $3 cranberry vodka and he said that it was going to be very weak.. WTF why have the damn specials if you're going to be a beyotchhhh about them!?!?!?! HAHA So I ended up getting a $9 cranberry vodka instead which really wasn't even that strong! Pitchers of Bud light are decently priced at $9. Any who... the bartenders at South Point bowling alley are way friendlier and make the drinks much stronger!   HOT TIP:After Dark Specials (Sun-Thurs:) $1.50 games; $2 domestic drafts; $3 well drinks!!!Cosmic bowling: Fridays 6pm - 2am $4.95 & Saturdays 6pm - 2am $4.95Open 7 days a week.Monday - Thursday: 8am - 2amFriday: 8am - (no closure)Saturday: 24 hours - (no closure) Sunday: 24 hours - 2am (Monday)
4	This is one of the nicer, large bowling alleys in town and is my preferred. I don't bowl often, I'm not even that great at it, but sometimes it's a fun thing to do among friends. Add that it's in Red Rock Casino where there's plenty else to do, you can fill up your whole day just hanging out here. I would say bowl and hit up happy hour, watch a movie or a concert at the pool if you're ambitious. To sweeten the deal, there's special late night bowling pricing. $1.50 per game starting at 10 PM until 2AM on Sunday through Thursday. If you watch a movie, bring your ticket stub and get one game for free. Shoe rentals are not included in that. There's a bar in here with pool tables and darts as well if you're into that. There's also cafe serves snacks like pizza if you want to eat and bowl. If you ever have a special event, their VIP private bowling rooms are awesome and worth considering!
5	Located in The Red Rock Hotel Casino. This is an extra swanky bowling ally. The food was good. The did not look like they had been worn 1000 times before. They looked like they had a well stocked pro shop. So if you find yourself on the west side and are in need of knocking down some pins, you have found your place. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	I enjoy taking my kids here.  It is a nice afternoon activity on a hot day that gets them out of the house.  The staff have always been friendly and nice.  The snack bar and bar are reasonably priced.  The equipment is clean and plentiful.Try cosmo-bowling too...it's really neat.
4	I would give Red Rock 5 Stars if they had more of a late not deal. Im new to this side of town. And im use to $1 midnight bowling at South Point.  But I do love the lanes and how well maintained everything is here. The staff pretty much pays attention to everything. I've been here several times and I'll keep coming back
5	VERY nice, upscale bowling alley (such a thing does exist).  Affordable drinks and affordable to play.  Didn't order any food, but if you want budget prices expect to have budget quality maintenance and product.  This place is great if you live in the area and want don't care to venture to the 'hood.
5	One of the nicest bowling centers around, super clean and modern, you can drink eat and bowl all in one place!!
4	This is another great activity that the Red Rock Hotel and Casino offers. It is a huge bowling alley that is located near the Regal Cinema. The place is clean and the equipment is well maintained. I am not sure how many lanes there are, but like I said, the place is huge. They even have another section for private events and VIP bowling. You would think it would be over priced because it is located in a casino, but it's not bad at all. I have to admit though, I am not aware of what it costs to bowl anywhere else. I'm not a bowler. I just take the kids here to Red Rock.I only bowl once in a while with my kids and I'm not an authority on bowling alleys, but I would recommend you check this place out. The staff is very helpful too. Fun times!
5	Love this place, used to come every day. The people are quick to help and it's cheap if you go after 10. It's pretty clean and spacious, but call ahead during the week to make sure they're aren't leagues going on!
4	Take a break from the casino or work off a little of that giant buffet meal at their bowling lanes. The lanes are modern and clean with easy to use scoring. The prices aren't any worse than most bowling alleys and make it worth the price to play a couple of games. I enjoyed bowling here and would return.
5	Drink are free at the bar when you play the slots! Bowling was fun and cheap. after 10pm its 1.50/game. nice place for family fun or a competitive couple's night out
4	My company threw us a party at the VIP lanes. I must say, I was impressed!! The food was crap... BBQ pork sliders, chicken parm sliders, and burger sliders. Not that great. Veggie platter that had red green n yellow bell peppers, squash and olives. It was ok. They also had chocolate, strawberry, and vanilla ice cream sandwiches. Those were delicious!! We had open bar. The bar was filled with premium alcohol. I had belvedere all night along with bottles of Fiji water. Beer selection wasn't as impressive as the liquor. Beers were bud, bud light, copes light, and ultra. But it was all free for us so it's all good. Now the best part. The VIP lanes are in the back, in it's own area. We had 8 private lanes. There were comfortable lounge seating areas that fit at least 10. The seats at the bowling area were comfy as well. They played music videos from several eras on several large screens. The animations on the overhead monitors for each frame were fun. Wasn't the same boring animation for a strike. The atmosphere was very fun and upbeat. Selection of music was to all our liking. The space was spacious and felt cozy at the same time. We had at least 50 people there and it didn't feel cramped at all. Definitely a great venue for a private party. I'm a huge fan. If the food was good I'd give it 5 stars.
4	Aside from the frustrating families that tend to frequent this place on the weekends, I love Red Rock Lanes! Coming from the Bay Area where the bowling alleys are a little suspect, Red Rock Lanes is a clean, updated and modern bowling alley. The shoes the provide are clean and the lanes are in good condition. Prices are very reasonable and night time cosmic bowling is really fun - last time I went, I was happy to see Kevin Bacon dancing on screen as "Footloose" blasted through the speakers. My favorite thing about this place is the food court - sizable portions of all your junk food needs, such as Nachos, Hot Dogs, Chili Cheese Fries. Of course, i got a stomachache afterwards, but I'd like to think it was worth it. Workers are quick to address issues (we requested a lane change since the next party to us was frequently crossing into our lanes), but I do wish some of the parents kept a better eye on their kids - saw kids on top of the machines, parents encouraging their kids to bowl at the same time as others, and just overall chaos.
4	Came here for the $1.50 bowling around 12am. Service was good. Quality of the lanes and balls were also good. The hole of the balls weren't cracked like a lot of bowling alleys I've been to. They also have the foul line activated which I like because it makes it more fun when someone accidentally passes it. Lanes are very oily as well.
5	Pretty awesome bowling ally! This place is massive! Think of the largest bowling place you've been to and it probly is not even close to Red Rock Lanes. I'm from Utah and not used to bars being in bowling ally's. Was very cool and prices were cheap. The hole experience was great and the value is through the roof. Especially on weekdays after 10PM they have some great deals.
4	This is a great place to bowl in Vegas. The lanes are well kept and the restrooms are spotless.  Whenever I have been there I have been able to get a lane right away for a reasonable price.  The concession area is also very good; I would definitely recommend the chicken quesadilla.
4	Love to bowl here! Great clean lanes and well maintained equipment! Always have a great time with friends here!
4	Its Huge!!  Our nephews were visiting so we took the opportunity to take them out to expend some energy because they were tearing our house apart.  I was very impressed with the cleanliness and the amount of lanes at Red Rock Lanes.  The computer system used for scorekeeping was relatively to date and easy to use.  Only complaint would be how uncomfortable the seats are.  They are tiny swivel type chairs that spring back to its original position when you stand up.  You will need quick reflexes when this happens because the backing can spank you right in your rear or arms with quite a bit of force.We decided to pay for 2 games but were pooped out after 1.  We asked if we can receive a refund for the second game and the staff was VERY HELPFUL and did so without any issues.  I didn't expect a refund so this was a complete surprise.  Thanks Red Rock Lanes staff and management!We will be back!Tip:1) Don't forget to bring socks or else you will have to spring $4 and buy some socks from the vending machine.  Its summertime and my wife was wearing sandals so she totally forgot to bring some.
1	Visited the bowling alley on a Thursday night, wasn't very busy, about half the lanes were taken up. We wanted two lanes but you can't get them next to each other unless you have more than 7 people especially when it's really "busy". We were getting two lanes regardless and would have taken both of them up whether were next to each other or not and so the GOOD customer service choice would have been to just give it to us but no, Joey the cashier did not want to. Damien the manager was useless as well. He claimed he couldn't give us two lanes next to each other because we didn't have more than 7 people and it was too "busy". We took up two lanes regardless!!!! Keep your customers happy. There are plenty of bowling alleys in Vegas and your customers are what keeps a place thriving. Very disappointed.
5	This is a great place to bowl. They also have task food and great drinks. Finish up with a movie. My bowling coach John keeps helping me be a better bowling.
1	Went to the counter had to flag the desk attendant down since he was busy watching tv.  When I finally got his attention I asked if any lanes available he told me no despite there being 11 open lanes.  When I asked about those ones he said those were for leagues and walked away from me to go back to watching tv. Never bowled there probably never will. Seemed nice but customer service was poor
1	Called on a Thursday morning and they told us that the leagues were there until 2 pm. After that, they were free. We got there at four with all intention of playing at least two games. (Also paid our nanny to be home with our little one to do so)The man at the register rang us up and then said that we probably wouldn't have enough time to finish as the league was starting at 5. Why didn't they tell us that earlier? Then followed it up with "that will be $19.90"Seriously? Ugh..... It's not about the money. It's about the service. We never got to bowl. We didn't feel like paying to be kicked off of the lane.
4	One of the best lanes in the valley for sure. Plenty of lanes and they offer a VIP area for the rich and famous, or something like that. A full bar with pool tables and dart boards and a game room for those who don't like to bowl there is something for everyone.
4	Been here for two work events.  Pretty nice since they have a lot of lanes, well lit, and have several amenities.  There's even a small bowling shop at the end.Snack bar, bar, shuffleboard, darts and 2 pool tables round it up.Red Rock Lanes doesn't disappoint when it comes to getting your bowling on.  Lanes are even oiled down well although sometimes it's a bit too slick.  At least it seems maintained.  Definitely a nice part of Red Rock Casino.
5	I came here for my 27th birthday last year and had a great time! Its always packed, and even more so on the Saturday night I visited. The prices are a little higher than say, the Stations casino on Rampart, but this location is definitely taken care of a little better. I like the convenience of being able to purchase socks from a vexing machine if you've forgotten yours and their bowling shoes are surprisingly comfortable. This is a great spot for a first date, birthday party, or if you just want to chill out with friends!
5	Great prices! Fantastic staff and decent snack bar food. We had a company Christmas party and everyone had a memorable time. It was clean, music was set on good level. The staff was friendly and accommodating. We didn't wait long for the lanes or the food and drinks. Would recommend to anyone wanting a fun interactive time with large groups.
4	FUN!!!!!Was invited to meet here for a bowling night with some friends.Why have I never done this before? We had a blast!!I would go back in a second, and plan to do exactly that!Once we signed up, with in a few minutes they were calling our number for lane access. And can we talk about the "calling of the numbers"? This is my ONLY criticism of this place. The PA system is SO LOUD, it is super obnoxious. Text peoples cell phones, like everyone else in Las Vegas does. Not rocket science.Even with the PA System, we had so much fun!
