1	This place rips people off beyond comprehension.  My Dad (86yrs old) was having some issues with his Braun electric shaver.  It was getting pretty warm and concerned my overly cautious, very naive Dad.  So he took a trip to 'Shav Tronics' in Scottsdale off 71st Pl.  When he came home with his repaired shaver, I queried him about what work they had done and how much he paid.  Repairs cost just shy of $60. They replaced the razor, the shave guard and battery (which I don't believe one bit) amongst some other "unknown things" according to my Dad.   He was told, "We can fix it right away for you!" after he informed them of the symptoms.  The con artist took the device in the back to work on it while my Dad waited and returned within a few minuets.  $60, REALLY???  for a few cheap chinese manufactured parts worth at best HALF the price.  With that being said, I started to research before I flew off the handle with this place.  He could have bought a BRAND NEW - same model shaver for $35.... yes, THIRTY-FIVE US-DOLLARS.I DO NOT APPRECIATE my elderly father being taken advantage of and RIPPED OFF when he should have been advised to just buy a new one.  Is business really that slow you have to practice in such a way?  Seriously.  I will make sure he never returns to your shabby operation over there or in Tempe, nor will anyone I know and everyone who reads this amongst other places I intend on posting a review.  Having been a store manager of a privately owned store in the past, I am disgusted with how you conduct business.  Shame on you.  I hate to say it and root for the bad guy here, but I hope Wal-Mart sells lot of cheap razors and shaving devices and products that you go out of business.
1	Talk about a Rip-off!!  Purchased an electric razor there, my old one died, and they charged me $170.00  Guess what Amazon sells the same razor for $79.99  OUCH.  The shaving powder they sell in the store, you can also purchase for HALF the price they are charging.  Buyer BEWARE !!!!Just went to Best Buy - SAME razor there on sale for $69.99.  Must be nice to run a business and make $100 profit above the big stores.  NO MORE!!
4	I see two other reviews and both very negative. I would like to invite both of those reviewers to run a small business of their own sometime. Do they charge more then Amazon or the Big Box stores? Yes. Do they make a profit on service and parts? Yes. The fact the items they work on tend to be low priced makes the economy of scale seem like you're getting a bad deal. I say you are not. The fact they stock the parts, over the years have honed their abilities and can do a competent repair in a short amount of time is a good business model for them and a valuable service to the community. In this ever disposable society I for one will use a business such as Shav-Tronics whenever possible.So bad reviewers, next time you take one of your vehicles in for a service make sure and bitch at them just as you have with this business owner.
