5	TAP Sports Bar has many tv's, including 2 quad screens (4 huge HD's) that convert into a BIG screen. 1 on each side of the bar. There isn't a bad seat in the house.Great location. TAP Sports Bar is across the hall from the Sports Book.Many good beers on TAP.For a sports bar, the food is very good. The slow cooked pork belly, bacon braised corn dog appetizer (2 per order) are the size of baked potatoes! The Reuben sandwich was tasty as well.Customer service is also very good. The managers, bartenders and waitresses all had time to smile and say hi...not to mention fulfill my food and beverage needs.5 stars are hard earned by my standards... especially in Vegas. Consider this a CATEGORY review. The Sports Bar category. Perhaps it's 4 or 4.5 stars, but F it...I'm as happy as a hooker in a Boy Scout Camp.
4	Visited on its 4th day. Service could be better. Lots of people standing around, seemed confused. Once someone did help us and give us a menu, it was good, but the server didn't know any details on the items. That too needs to improve. We had fish and chips (which were good thick fries)and a  philly cheese steak. Lots of beers, lots of TV's and the open kitchen was nice. Will visit again for sure
3	Visiting Vegas and staying at the MGM so we decided to try this convenient sports bar located in the casino. I ordered the nachos. They were delicious!!  If you like nachos, these will definitely satisfy the craving. The cheese was freshly melted, the guacamole was awesome. So good. My sister ordered the chicken fingers. These on the other hand were bad. They had seemed to be fried twice and resembled fried shrimp. Fries were bad.
5	Really Awesome New Sports Bar across from Sports Book in MGM! Loved the food, service & endless TVs showing a myriad of events from the Olympics! Nachos & Loaded Fries were Yummy... I really liked the steak chili in a cornbread bowl, & my husband loved the pork chop with spicy breaded green beans & fries! Mini Mugs of dessert were comprised of 3 with Peanut butter crunch, berry cheesecake, and cherry chocolate cake with whipped cream... Large glasses of many types of beer seemed to be the order of the day around us & a happy crowd! We will be back!
3	I had the chicken patty burger that was great but I have this place three stars cuz the fries tasted old and stale. It wasn't just mine either everyone at our table had the same nasty tasting fries
4	TAP Sports Bar just opened about a month ago.  They are located in the MGM towards the back of the casino parallel to the Sports book.  A very nice open space with lots of TV's to watch all the games in action.  Definitely a good spot to go especially if all the chairs in the sports book is full.They have a good menu with plenty of yummy eats and drinks.  It was kinda late when we arrived and had about 5min to get our order in because the kitchen closes at 11pm.  Fries and Gravy ~ http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tap-las-vegas?select=JEK35FcNFybUssaqMusqMw#JEK35FcNFybUssaqMusqMw  This bowl was huge.  It has fries and fried cheese curds, those are the brown pudgy looking ones.  The gravy had a decent taste.  Could have used a bit more of it though.Braised Bacon Corn Dogs ~ http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tap-las-vegas?select=JEK35FcNFybUssaqMusqMw#WaZNbNTffH30OujvBDx6IQ This one confused me a bit and was not sure what to expect.  Instead of a hot dog I felt like I was eating a stick of corned beef wrapped with bacon.  Whatever though it was pretty damn good so I was totally ok with it.  It had a really tasty mustard sauce that came with it that I really enjoyed.Buffalo Wings ~ http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tap-las-vegas?select=JEK35FcNFybUssaqMusqMw#xhsxeyv7jom3w1qGmfRqfw  These were finger licking good!  You can actually choose from 4 different sauces and the waiter recommended to stick with the Buffalo and we were glad we did.  I could have had another basket of these wings!  This was probably not the healthiest thing to eat at midnight but hey were in VEGAS!!!Eyes ~ Wow I get to eat all this so late at night!Nose ~ Smells Yum!.Ear ~ Still a few peeps hanging around.Mouth ~ These are all pretty good!.Tummy ~ I'm going to make you pay in the morning for stuffing me up at midnight!
4	Great American sports bar. I had the proper ruben sandwich and it was delicious. Fries were a little bland but the onion rings are good. Nice setup for sports viewing.
4	I sat at the bar and had the beer butt chicken... It was awesome ... Seemed like it was lightly fried...  It wasn't a traditional beer butt chicken but it was delicious!  Service was great too!
4	Great place to go if you want to watch the game that you just laid a bet on.  They have lots of big screens and a good selection of beers. The food portions are hearty, you really shouldn't leave here hungry. Service was above average and the staff quite friendly. Open, casual atmosphere , definitely a good place to hang out.
1	Good food, great beer, TERRIBLE service. I waited 20 min at my table for a water, didn't even get the chance to place drink or food order until 30 mins in (after receiving 1 glass of water). Such a disappointment.
4	Food was good, service was prompt and very friendly.  Cho was great, very pleasant.Would recommend for both other locals as well as tourists.
4	If you're a guy on a business trip or convention this is the place for you. I love their little high end rustic bar feel they have going on. They've got televisions everywhere in every sports channel you could think of so this just might be that go to spot to watch the game and down a few drinks with the boys. This also looks like a good place to take clients for business meetings. It's casual but decent and presentable so it helps give that inviting vibe to easily start conversation.They're offerings look good as well. I ordered the chicken strips, but even those I was impressed with. When it comes to chicken strips, the tenderness of the chicken and the breading tells all. Their breading is so different, it is crunchy just like how you'd like it but the texture and flavor is nothing like the typical. It kind of has a different taste to it...maybe beer battered? But I'd recommend this one.Other recommendations which I hear is popular:*The reuben sandwich*Fish and Chips*Fried mac and cheese*Fried green beans*Loaded nachosDefinitely more tailored for the fellas, and probably not the best place to take someone on a date (unless she's into sports or she's ok with losing attention since you'll be watching the screens...lol)
4	Tap has amazing burgers and an awesome selection of lagers, don't be scared of the menu prices, the food is all amazing
1	I accidentally spilled my first beer and was excessively ridiculed and embarrassed by this disrespectful bartender, Jennifer. She also charged me full price for the spilled beer (which probably costs the bar pennies); never seen that before. Accidents happen. No damage was done. Be professional. Never going back.
1	If there were an option for no stars I would give it no stars. The first time around they brought out the wrong order and had to wait another 15 mins had to ask server to refill our drinks. I would not recommend this place and would defiantly would not come back
4	Great place! Food is great value for the price. Ate there Wednesday and loved the cheese curds and the tap chop salad! Our server was so knowledgeable!
3	The food was really good, but like others have mentioned, the service left a lot to be desired. Our waitress was more interested in trying to be best friends with the table next to us rather than be our waitress. If you don't mind terrible service, give TAP a try!
2	The food was really nothing to rave about. We had the spinach dip and an order of nachos. I've totally had way better. The highlight was my blue moon. Lots of different selections of beer but that's as good as it gets.
5	We went in this bar twice during our 1 week stay, all of Saturday afternoon and again on our leaving day for a few hours.It's an excellent place to watch sports due to the amount of TV's and big split screens.  There is an extensive range of drinks available to choose from.Drink service was quite quick at the bar, and my friends received any food they ordered after only a short wait.
4	With a solid drink selection, tasty food, and a multitude of tv's, one MUST stop by this sports bar while in Vegas. Their service is top notch. The people watching is amazing. Go visit. Go visit now.
1	Wow. Expected so much more.  Decent number of taps, but I kid you not. I asked for a beer and it was out. 4 times in a row. Each beer I ordered out. We ordered nachos  to split. Bad liquid cheese and very small for 12 dollars. First and last time here. Bad first impression.
3	Burger was really big and good.  Wings were good but very small portion.Beers are a bit pricey, but it was a good time
2	The food wasn't very good. The only thing I actually liked was the hotdogs in a blanket.My sloppy joe had a funky taste to it, I actually lost my appetite & my boyfriends plate was smaller than expected. Also, my fries were burnt. I was pretty much over it.I don't think I'll be coming back.
3	Stopped in for lunch with some friends. Service lacked luster, but the food shined beyond! The Juicy Lucy sliders were tremendous. My BYOBurger was phenomenal, medium rare patty with sharp cheddar cheese, fried egg over medium, bacon and a pretzel roll bun. Charging $10 a pint? Not so awesome.
4	In my opinion, this is the best sports bar in Vegas (maybe second to Legasse Stadium if you're sitting on the patio).  I have always found it difficult to get good food in a sports bar in Vegas, but TAP has it.  We ordered the buffalo wings, pretzels and fried green beans.  All were tasty and I could have ordered a second helping of wings, they were so good.  Great atmosphere as well, as I could watch the hockey game with other fans just out to have a good time.  (I find the Sports Books can sometimes be too serious)
5	I was staying at the MGM and was looking for a place to eat for lunch and decided on Tap. I had the most amazing salad that was new for the summer. It had arugula, (what I think were) grape tomatoes, peppers, (get this...) watermelon, topped with feta and a vinaigrette. I would never have thought to combine watermelon and arugula but it was delicious and refreshing! Talk about a salad I'll never forget! I also had the chicken tenders after, which were also very savory and tasty. The customer service through out the restaurant was excellent. I was greeted at the front with a smile and my bartender was very attentive to my needs. I shouldn't fail to mention that Tap boasts flat-screen TVs that enclose the restaurant with sports feeds from all over the world. As a sports fan and someone who loves to eat, this place was pretty much perfect for me. But I have to say... That salad was pretty much the deal-sealer for me to have to post about it on Yelp.
5	Went out to eat at Tap recently. Let me just say....amazing! My husband and I are foodies, also love to cook ourselves, and we were very impressed! The service was great, the cocktails wonderful and the food.... Well the food was incredible! Every item on the plate was delicious and the presentation superb. They say you eat with your eyes first, so you're in for a treat here!  There was a group of us so we got to sample a lot of menu items from appetizers to dessert and every item was better than the last. If you haven't been there, get going! Definitely a don't miss!
1	We ate  there yesterday and first, the guy at the bar was rude. We didn't tip him at all!! For what? We were seated at the table and the appetizers were brought to the table, they were good.  Well the chicken nuggets, the fries and the sliders taste like crap!! Don't go there to eat, staff not great, not accommodating. Too pricey!!!! Don't bother eating there..
5	I can't say enough about "TAP" from the Manger Katherine "Lee" Lardner and her hand pick staff Our server Leaha and busser Beth G was outstanding the atmosphere from their hostess , bartenders, servers and bussers and of course  the men loved to TVs we where celebrating birthdays for the month of May we had a turn out for about 15 + people the menu satisfied everyone needs to salmon to steaks from burgers to sandwiches I think we had at least 1/2  of the menu of appetizers which is to much to mention all I can say excellent but not to mention the entrees we had the rib-eye special work fresh corn on the cob and finger ling potatoes..excellent. ..the bartenders kept it coming with 36oz. Drafts beers to jd to specialty drinks  but the epic dessert blew us away the chocolate cover preztels with caramels dripping sauce and smores plus to much to mention we had about 7 different dessert on our tablet...I know I can go on and on about this great place but what really made our night  was the Manager LEE LARDNER :-) & her staff made us feel like we where at home we have lots of pictures of this fine occasion with our gracious host Glory and Darren who made this all possible for a grand evening which we will definitely be back and recommend to or family and friends...Thank you Lee Lardner for a memorable experience and your gracious staff I posted pic on face book please to check them out!!
3	Great place to grab a bite if you're looking to watch a game. Every seat has a good view of a TV. Staff was super attentive and friendly. I had the philly sliders with a side of onion rings. They were good enough but nothing to write home about. They also have a good selection of draft beers on tap.
4	Not a bad place to grab a drink and watch a game. Service was fairly quick for it being March Madness time. Place was clean, food was good, prices were a bit high (which was expected) Overall a good experience, no complaints. An appetizer, 2 drinks and a meal will cost you about $45. Which is a little more that I like paying when eating at a sports bar, but the food was good
3	Do not get the juicy Lucy! It is not juicy. I think the only good thing here is the mac and cheese potato balls, and the fried cheese churd (like mozzarella sticks).
4	We came during fight weekend but it wasn't too crowded. In fact, we found two spots at the bar and were greeted quickly. I had the cheese fries and they weren't very good. The cheese was velveeta tasting and was very thick. I enjoyed the drinks, lots of TV's and the staff was very nice and fun to talk to. If you want a sports bar and aren't very hungry go here!
3	Items Selected:Wisconsin Fried Cheese - Beer Batter, Ranch DipPretzel & Cheese - Horseradish Cheddar Cheese, Old School Sourdough PretzelCheesy Mac Bites - Beer Batter, Ranch DipSteak Chili - Beef Short Rib Chili, Sour Cream, Cheddar, Green Onion, Cornbread BowlOnion Soup - Beer Braised Caramelized Onions, Havarti Cheese, Sourdough CroutonsTAP Sloppy Joe - Smoked Beef Brisket, Pilsner Laced Joe Sauce, Grilled Onion Roll, Fries, RingsCorned Beef Short Ribs - Spicy Beer Mustard, Brussels Sprouts, Sweet Potatoes, FriesOpen Faced Steak Sandwich - Grilled Skirt Steak, Beer Braised Mushrooms, Spinach, Horseradish Cheddar, Garlic Rubbed Country BreadHand Hammered Pork Chops - Pan Fried Pork, Gravy, Spicy Fried Green Beans, Onion RingsGuinness Chocolate Shake - Stout laced FluffFried S'mores - Chocolate, Graham, Marshmallow, Chocolate Dipping SauceWarm Skillet Brownie - Caramel, Fudge, Peanuts, Vanilla Ice CreamLocated adjacent to the Sports Book at MGM featuring a clever menu crafted by Steve Barr the newly minted TAP Sports Bar seemed a good spot to meet with friends old and new for Game 2 of The Stanley Cup Finals and aside from a slight delay in seating incurred due to The Belmont Stakes I'd be hard pressed to name a better night of this ilk, a double overtime come-from-behind win for Los Angeles matched with great conversation and food that ranged from average to excellent at a wallet friendly price-point for The Strip.  Expansive in size with diverse seating options flanking a central bar as televisions and memorabilia decorate the walls the TAP experience is truly a sportcentric one as a well-trained staff of jersey-clad severs circulate to the sounds of the game as opposed to some hideous Journey ballad generated via Touchtunes and although both food and beer menus trend small the selections themselves prove both unique and well-culled.  Clearly featuring a West Coast bias amongst its patrons and showing the NHL on every screen it was with a trio of beers and five appetizers that our meal began and with cheese as a theme it was actually the meaty chili in a bowl of buttery cornbread that impressed most and although I'm told the Onion Soup was quite bad both pretzels and herbaceous curds proved competent while man n' cheese bites were surprisingly light and rife with sharp cheddar.  Moving next to main courses after a near-hour lull it was in a quartet of options that we invested and although the open-face sandwich was delivered both dry and cool to the touch while thinly pounded pork proved far inferior to that at Hash-House-a-Go-Go it would be difficult to find fault in either the smoky Sloppy Joe atop one of the city's best buns or the innovative Corned Beef-style short rib with ample spicing and meat literally falling off the bone.  With more beers, more chat, and a Gaborik goal tying the game it was finally in desserts that we indulged and although none of the options are prone to wow on the level of those at Lagasse's Stadium both the Guinness Shake and substantial brownie were plenty rich enough to share while the deep fried s'mores and sidecar of fudge are an indulgent mess well worth making.
4	It is overpriced because it is in MGM, but I am a fan and give it 4 stars.Great spot and very high quality place to watch sports. Its directly across from the sports book and was long needed in MGM. They are numerous flat screens throughout and and two giant TV boards behind the bar. This is a great place to sweat a bet and watch your team.Had some friends in town and went on a Sunday at 5 during NBA finalsSeated promptly, service was very quick and friendly. My girlfriend had the steak nachos ($20) and I had the Rueben ($18)  Portions were large and the meal was much better than average bar food.  I don't drink so I can't speak for the beer selection., it looked extensive. The decor is very open with high ceilings and a good portion of the place open to the casino walkway.I will be back
5	By far BEST burger I had in Vegas. Went in for a quick meal before heading to Hakkasan and ordered a cheeseburger on a potato bun. The bun was so good and the whole meal was cooked perfectly! The drink selection was great and our beers tasted awesome! Matt, our server, was the best server we had our entire stay in Vegas. If you get a chance to visit this restaurant ask for him! He is funny, attentive, and professional. Because of him we came back the next night for some food and beers. Also, they had a lot of flat screens around the whole restaurant that were playing whatever games were currently on. Great atmosphere to watch any game! I can definitely say we were pleasantly surprised at what a great experience we had at this sports bar!
5	Service was fantastic and their cheese stuff slider were phenomenal! The fries tasted fresh as if they were just cut and fried the moment on order. Onion rings smelled great, but I didn't have them. However, you have the option to get half fries, half rings with the slider order.
5	We stayed at the MGM several days and ate here twice.  The onion rings here were awesome.
1	This bar sucks. The bartender "Padilla" does not know The meaning of customer service. I feel like everyone that works here does not want to be here. They're food is okay but from customer service I would not want to come here again.
4	I had a lot of fun here watching march madness.  During events the place is packed, but you can reserve a table at a cost.Food here is decent for bar food, we found sharing apps every so often beat big eating and let us try lots of snacks.They have a great beer selection, but drinks and food here are VERY pricey.  You can upgrade any beer to a liter which is a "good deal" relative to their own prices, but will still run you $15+ each.While we were here our table service was very good.  Never out of beer, many orders of apps, and some fun.  We did notice it was inconsistent between servers, so I'm not sure if I've just been lucky or not.I like the place and would return, the only hesitation is the cost.
5	Best server award goes to Amber!!  This cheeseburger was gone in no time.  Were locals and will definitely make the trip to the strip to try the sliders.
4	Came here to watch the World Cup Final and wasn't disappointed . TVs everywhere!! Latest flat screens everywhere and two jumbo screens! The service was great ! Couldn't ask for a better bartender (Flo) they had drink specials going which were good. As for food we had an order of fries and nachos both of which were good! Definitely plan on returning on my next stay
4	This place we found by accident on a drunk night in Vegas!!!.      O M G this place hit the spot my tummy was happy with a burger and a beer mmmmm. I like the environment with all the sports memorabilia and the staff and the music was great to
5	I'm staying at the MGM Grand and I was looking for some place to grab a quick bite. I stopped in and they had a special for salmon with finger potatoes and sweet corn for 25 bucks. That sounded pretty tasty and so I decided to give that a go. I'm really glad that I did. I enjoy nice fresh salmon and I'm going to be honest with you. This is the absolute best salmon that I've ever tasted. I've never had salmon this juicy and this tender. I've heard people say that they've had a meat dish that melted in their mouth and most of the time that has been hyperbolic in my experience but this is one of the rare occasions that I feel like that's an accurate statement. The food that I tried was delicious and melt in your mouth good. The service was excellent and everyone was friendly and accommodating. They are called the Tap for a reason and if you enjoy a cold beer they have about fourty different beers on tap and a big selection of wines in various sizes. I'm a big baseball fan and I was really enjoying watching all the action from the diamond on eight different sixty inch screens and about 30 other flat-screens. I was able to watch five games at once while I ate and this seems like the place to come in the MGM to watch games. Good food, fun atmosphere and tons of sports and tons of beer choices. I really enjoyed this place and would give it a really high recombination, particularly if you are staying in the MGM Grand. You can charge your meal and your drinks to your room and relax and watch all of the games. If you are in the MGM you can't miss it. It's where the old lion habitat used to be right across from the Rainforest Cafe and the escalators to the Tropicana and to the New York, New York.
3	Pretty good food.  I had the TAP chop salad and it was over dressed.  Get the dressing on the side.  Good atmosphere and the service was good.
3	Like I said in my tip food was salty but good. Just need to be conservative with the salt man its a killer, yeah I know it's bar food but damn I could have used my Frys as a salt lick.
5	Taps is inside the MGM next to Hakkasan and all the tv's with the gambling. They are known mainly for their beer. i had a blonde and my friend had a blue moon. my friend is very picky and he said the beer was very good. i had the bone in rib eye steak and it was delicious. The waitress was very nice and was happy to help us. I didn't know what kind of beer i wanted and she helped me pick one out. They have a lot of tv's here. I will go back again for sure.
5	i would like to thank robert! he was very sweeet and really made my bachelorette night turned around for the better! thank you robert. i also appreciated the drinks on the house, our waitress was very sweet. so thank you! will for sure be backthanks robert!!
3	We had been to Yard House in the Linq the night before and the beer selection and food quality at Tap in no way compares.  Maybe a dozen taps?   Not impressed.   The waitress warned us portions would be huge ... which was not EXACTLY true.  Lots of tv screens ... yeah yeah ... then why were we watching a Brendan Fraser movie on the two largest ones?  Type on menu is too small to read.
5	The burger and fries with gravy were to die for! The bartender was very knowledgeable and helpful when ordering. Great atmosphere to watch sports, after all, it's a sports bar which serves great food and has an  extensive list of beers and spirits to choose from!Definitely coming back here next time in Vegas...
1	Hostess very rude! She wouldnt let us sit at a table even though the restaurant was EMPTY! !!
5	No complaints for this restaurant in the casino of the MGM. Tons of sports bar options and a full list of brews. No wait whatsoever and the prices weren't terrible. Will definitely check it out again!
5	This place was perfect! considering I was semi hungover from drinking at the pool all day. I knew I didn't wanna eat anything humongous for dinner before I went out drinking and dancing again. Came here around 6pm and the place wasn't packed at all, thank God! I ordered their Clam Chowder in the sourdough bread bowl, yummmm! The clams were chunky! I didn't order anything to drink except water but I did make room for the Warm Skillet Brownie!!!!! It was just perfect!!! Oh yah, and the service was great lol!
3	Ordered nachos. They were cold except for the warm processes cheese. Regular cheese was not even close to melted. Metal plate they come on (that is supposed to run through the oven)  was cold. Waiter asked how they were l, I said the cheese was not melted, and he ignored me (twice) and talked to the customer next to me. Will not come back.Edit: voiced concern to another inquisitive waiter who informed the manager and she offered to replace our meal (which we declined). Happy to see management that cares for customers. Upgraded to 3 stars for service,  but the nachos still ruined my appetite.
5	Best Ever Sports Bar LOVE it here!!! Fav on Strip! Great Chili in Cornbread bowl! Gr8 Burgers and sliders! Drinks loved all around! Excellent beer choices!
5	My boss took me here for a working lunch. Everything we had was delicious. Nachos, chicken strips, mac and cheese bites,  a salad served with a bacon corn dog (WHAT?!?), sliders, smores bites, apple cobbler, etc....everything fried or grilled to greasy perfection. My only complaint is that this place ruined my diet. I went in thinking I'd be good...have a salad or something, but the whole menu is naughty, and sooooo tempting that I ended up knuckling under and giving in to the temptation that is TAP!!
4	Great bar food.  The bacon corn dogs and the onion rings are both ridiculously awesome.
4	Tap is conveniently located near the 2nd floor bridge walkway entrance (near Hakkassan and Rainforest Cafe), so you can get your beer fix immediately upon entering MGM, versus having to walk through the casino's sprawling maze of football length fields to Michael Mina's Pub 1842 in Restaurant Row. You can have your beer in a 16 oz (pint), 24 oz, or 33 oz (liter) glass; exceptions are the Chimays and lambics which are served in a 10 oz glass (goblet). I should mention that our expectations of their beer variety was low, and we were pleasantly surprised to find beers we never tried before (i.e. Ballast Point's 3 sheets barley wine, and Goose Island's 312 wheat ale). The food at this bar is not mind-blowingly unique, but the food is delicious and hearty. Check out my pics of the food and beer lunch menu to see what they were serving as of 9/2/14. Luis R. served us at the bar: awesome, friendly, professional service!
5	Forget the sports book, if there's a big game on, there's no better atmosphere than here. They have TVs everywhere,  at every angle. If you're staying at the MGM like I did, that's an even better reason to catch the game here; come downstairs and catch the game with some pretty decent food.I ordered the special, which was a steak, fries, corn, all of which came with a pint of beer of my choice for $34. Pretty good considering the fact that beers are about $8 to $10 each. The food was awesome (and huge portions). I couldn't even finish mine!  To-go boxes all day for me.Awesome atmosphere,  especially when a big game is on. My suggestion? Go bet on a game, then come to TAPS to root your team on. You may find a new friend (or enemy).
3	For my last meal after a week long stay in Vegas my friend and I decided to stop in to grab a quick bite. Honestly I wasn't feeling hungry and thats because my body was still in shock at what happen four days earlier! But I had to get something in my stomach before we hit the road back to SoCal. We both actually kept it light and ordered off the starter side of the menu. I got the cheese curds and my friend got the corn dog with a hunk of meat in it instead of a sausage or hotdog.  Both items I tasted were okay. I did not like the ranch that was served with my cheese curds. I rather have marinara sauce to dip with instead. Service was good and that is all I have to say about this place. Will I return? Probably not and that's because there so many other places in Vegas to eat at, so unless an establishment is hella super good, its not worth going again.
1	Awful. Server was terrible, food was less than average, and price was extremely high for what you get.Couldn't pay me to eat here again.
1	Just had the worst experience at this place the staff is rude there was 20 open tables 4 party sitting horrible service do not go...
5	Had the south side street dog and it was excellent.  Portions were big and the sausage they used was great_.  lFor dessert crushed the deep fried smores, also excellent.  Tables near bars facing the kitchen have a perfect view of every game on TV.  Went for MNF and had a good time.
3	Pros:- Sports bar atmosphere, high tables, really big booths (good for larger parties), huge screens to watch the game or in our case a portion of iHeartRadio 2014- Food wasn't too bad, only ordered 1 appetizer: buffalo wings, tasted pretty good- Service pretty good, refilled our waters constantlyCons:- Pricey, wings were $16 for 10 (split it with my bestie so it was cheaper)
4	I was looking for a sports bar to watch NFL games and could not find any decent ones along the strip. Then i came upon TAP. A good place to watch the game. The atmosphere was great for a sports fan. A big down side is that they do not serve their menu until after 11:00am, before that they only have 2 items to choose from. A little pricey but what do you expect from a sports bar on the strip.
5	Great food. Fantastic service. Macaroni balls were to die for! Wedge salad and philly sliders were fabulous!! Highly recommended!!
1	Terrible service. My husband and I came here about a month ago before seeing a show (we are locals). We had no consistent waiter/waitress. It was obviously shift change and no one could figure out who was waiting on our table. The apps took forever and we saw half of the order sitting under the heat lamps for ten minutes before it got brought to us. Just a bad experience over all. This past Saturday night we decided to give it another try. We thought we'd sit at the bar this time because we should definitely get better service there. Unfortunately, we picked the wrong side of the bar. The bartender completely ignored us for a good five minutes (no eye contact or anything) and one of the other bartenders from the other side asked if we had been helped yet and ended up getting us our beers. Then we were stuck with our guy again who took forever to take our order and was just non attentive. He was pretty enthralled in a conversation with a couple from Australia. I think he was crushing on the woman because she really tied up all of his attention while they were there. It's too bad because we will not be going back there ever again because of the lack of service that we received on both occasions.
2	Nice looking place. Clean. Lots of TVs. Unfortunately we got seated and no one came by and said "hi"  or "we will be right with you" for over 10 minutes. We ended up walking out. Plenty of people working but they would all avoid eye contact.  And we were sitting right by the machine they put the orders in. Plenty of other choices out there.
5	I loved this joint. It's a super nice, upscale sports bar with loads of TVs. They've also just expanded their beer on tap menu significantly. We went early (watching a big 10 game) so there was no wait to get seated at all. For food, two words: fried cheese. Fried Wisconsin cheese curds coated in some divine garlicky goodness. Don't think. Just do it. Very very generous portions. The best thing about this place was the service. I live in LA, so I'm starved for unpretentious, good service. This place offers that. Everyone from the hostess to the bartender was super solicitous and friendly. They went out of their way to find us seats with a good view of our game, which was not one of the bigger games being broadcast that day. The bartender gave good recommendations (did I mention "fried cheese"?) and allowed us to taste a number of different beers before ordering. We asked for our wings extra crispy and we got them exactly as requested. This place is not cheap but it's fair. I would totally go back.
5	I was very surprised by the food here. It's not your traditional sports bar food. The mojitoi ordered was spot on. The Caesar salad I started with had the right amount of dressing, when normally they are skimpy with it. My custom built turkey burger with cheddar, caramelized onions, fried onions and fresh onions (yes, I REALLY love onions!) and sauteed mushrooms on an onion bun was damn near the best restaurant burger I've had ever. The ambience was nice. Plenty of large screens to watch multiple sporting events on while you nosh away. Large booths that can easily fit a party of six. Only thing, they don't allow outside drinks even though they're in the middle of the MGM (really?!) Otherwise, overall a great experience. I'll definitely be back during my next Vegas trip.
4	TAP Sports Bar is the definitive Sports Bar at the MGM.I walked into TAP Sports Bar looking for a fantastic steak at a reasonable price and walked out a happy person. This impressive bar boasts no fewer than 60 flat screen televisions and looks as if it could seat at least 175 people. I spied a $40 for a New York Strip and a Beer deal that peaked my interest and after discussing the idea with the very adept waitress, I knew I had a great strategy for dinner. Add the NFL action on the countless screens and this was a stone cold lock.How was the food then? Righteous. The steak was broiled to a perfect medium rare and topped with butter (think Ruth's Chris) the served with "smashed" (mashed) garlic infused potatoes and vegetables. The included beer didn't hurt the value proposition either. Not a bad way to catch a game and get some work done while having an agreeable meal.TAP Sports Bar is 4 stars of funk all day.
5	This place is so good from the customer service at the front to the server and the busser. The fried mac and cheese is to die for the chicken tenders are homemade!!! Please go and try it.
4	Great food. Little Pricey. However, great game day specials. Plenty of drink options and tons of Television for watching games...
4	Wow! I have never been to a sports bar with so many big screen TVs. I had the captains burger which is okay but I just did not like the flavoring. The fried cheese curds were pretty righteous. The real winner was the skillet brownie. Homemade with hot fudge and ice cream goodness. their Mojito was very average unfortunately. I will try to come back here to catch a football game next visit. Service was pretty good. It's pricey but what did you expect?
1	Poor service, bland food, overpriced.I've gotten better service at a McDonnalds.  After 20 mins of waiting on our server (the pace was empty) I had to flag our server down to order a beer.  After another 10 mins of waiting had to flag her down again and re-order the beer before it came.The only good they serve before 11 is a burrito and steak and eggs.  The burrito is bland and was not what our server described.  The burrito I received had very little flavor and tasted like a frozen burrito found in the freezer section at your local super market.
2	The service here was terrible, probably the worst for me this visit.  The food is overpriced and the seasoning on the cheese curds was not fitting for the food item, over powering.  The one thing going for this place is the amount of TVs with sports on it, just a shame it's right next to the sports book with all the same TVs on.
3	I gave this place 3 stars because of our waitress. She was SO rude!!! Completely rushed us. What I actually liked about this restaurant/bar was the turkey burger and raffle on game day. We didn't win, but it was still fun! They also offer a combo of a drink and a shot for just $12 which is cheap in Vegas!
1	Place is pitiful. First - we get there right after a concert on a Friday night to get some food. We told the hostess chick we were there to eat. She then says "the bar has the full menu." Ok - no problem. Sounds cool. Then we sit down & the bartender/server comes up to take our drinks. We asked for the food menu & then he says "we're already way past last call for food."  We then looked at each other & he could sense the frustration & says - "if you want to order a quick appetizer I think I can get it in but you have to order now."We quickly ordered something. Then we order our drinks. Guy asked us about four times over what drink we wanted. Dude could barely understand Englidh and if course he gives us the wrong drink. We just kept it because our efforts would just be wasted. We're easy going people so we'll not make a fuss but later just not go back. So here's a question.... Why did they tell us we could eat the whole menu if they were already past last call? Second question... Why the hell do you close your kitchen by 11:00 on a Fridsy night?  - that's just stupid. At a minimum just switch to a bar menu. Honestly this place sucks. I don't know where they got these idiots to work here but I guess Vegas/US must have a shortage of people looking for work. I could hire a better staff at the local soup kitchen.
3	Ok, this is another bar inside a casino.   It's a sports pub that features beers.   They do have a pretty good selection of beers.   I was there a few months ago and met a nice couple from Canada.  We chatted things up over a few pints and it was a pretty mellow afternoon.   The service was good, it's off in a corner not too far from where the old lion exhibit was, so the noise was not too bad.   The food looked ok, but I didn't have anything to eat.   (Was saving room for Craftsteak! Yum!)   If you're in the MGM and you want a decent craft beer, this is a good place to go. Will I be back?  Sure, beer is good.
4	Nice selection of beers. Lots of TV's for sporting events. Food looks really good.  Today just here for the beer.
3	Pretty good sports bar located across from the sports book in the MGM. So cool place to go and grab a beer and some food after making your bet.  The place gets packed on Saturdays and Sundays during the football season so you might have trouble grabbing a table if you're with a big group.  There appeared to be a good amount of seating at the bar if you can get in there early.Food is basic bar food, I wouldn't get anything other than wings or perhaps a burger, anything else would be a waste in my opinion. They have some decent deals during game day, I went with the shot and beer combos. Nice variety of beer on taps and most of your classic domestics in a bottle.Nothing overly special but a nice place to chill and enjoy the games on the numerous TVs.
4	I did not stay here long. My boyfriend was playing poker and I just needed something small to eat because I had been drinking. I went right up to the bar and ordered the Half-Zies which is half onion rings, half french fries. I don't normally like onion rings but these were really great. They weren't too oniony and had the perfect crunch. My experience with onion rings is that they'd be too soggy. I have never had such a good onion ring. I only give this place 4 stars because I did not get the chance to actually sit down and experience the full service. However, if I get the chance again, I will try to. It was also on a Sunday so it was pretty full and if i had wanted to sit down and eat, i5 would have had to wait. There was a line to sit down. Some I ordered to go, it was quick and easy!
3	While in vegas we had spent a lot of time at nice bars and restaurants.  It was nice to come into a chill sports bar and relax for a bit.  They have a decent beer selection and menu.  We wanted just a snack and got the franks in a blanket.  I was expecting smaller franks, but it was one large one.  It was a lot more filling them I was expecting and has a really nice pastry on it.  My husband said the mustard was really good to, but I didn't try it as I don't like mustard.  Service was good as we were sitting at the bar and it wasn't very crowded.  they also have large beers for a reasonable price (while reasonable for Vegas).  My only complaint was the bathrooms were closed, so it was annoying to have to get out into the casino, especially when drinking beer.  However, overall its a nice escape  from the fancy Las Vegas.
3	Came here on a Sunday afternoon to catch some football and grab a bite - was able to get seated at the bar fairly quickly which was nice. Portions are large. Interesting classics as well as special items... however the food was still just ok. It got the job done, but I definitely would not come here JUST for the food. Service was pretty terrible... our server/ bartender Randi was really nice and sweet, however when it came time to pay the billl (which we had a comped code for) she messed up the transaction and had to get her manager. HE took about 30-40 minutes trying to figure out the issue... he literally just disappeared for 30 minutes.... the least he could've done was come back and say he's still working on it, or SOMETHING?! In the end though, our meal was comped (through gambling enough) and the manager figured it out. Great place to come check out sports, but don't expect more.
1	Absolutely The worst experience I've ever had in a sports bar. 20 people in our party to watch the Seahawks. Not to mention the other tons of tables of hawk fans. There for 3 hours they couldn't get the game on. Horrible service.  They kept lying to us telling us they were getting the game on. It never happened. I would say this was by far the worst. Wish I could give less then one star.
1	What a joke!! Numerous TV's but couldn't get the Seahawks on when 1/4 of the place had Seahawk jerseys on!!
3	I think I've reviewed this before, and probably gave it a 4, but going to drop it to a 3 after a couple of recent visits.I still LOVE their nachos, the steak chili, and they have great burgers and an awesome selection of beer on tap.  There's also more TVs than you can count, it's a great spot to go to watch a big game.However, a couple of complaints.  The first time I went this fall, I sat at a table and had awesome service, even though our waitress was really busy.  But the last two times, I sat at the bar, and while it wasn't overly crowded, service was less than desirable.  Both times, I considered walking out before anyone took my order.  The bartenders seem to be occupied talking to each other.The prices are also a bit high.  Going beyond the nachos or chili, and you're getting into $30+ for a burger, fries and a beer.  There are plenty of better restaurants for that rate (or much lower).  The location is convenient, but not sure I'll be back soon.
