3	This place was pretty good, but it didn't blow me away.  The hummus was kinda bland and the falafel was mediocre.  The rice was amazing though.  Next time I go back I'll probably just stuff myself with rice... maybe with a salad on the side.I wish I could combine my favorite aspects of Mediterranean food from restaurants all over the valley and make a SUPER-MEAL!I would have:- hummus and lentil soup from Pita Jungle- falafel from Sabuddy or Phoenician- salad and fries from Greek Patio- freakin' delicious rice from Eden's Grill
4	I just went here last night with a group of people. The space is small so if you plan on going with a group, I suggest 6 or less. I had the vegetable soup and the veggie pattys. The soup was ok but from people around the table it sounded like the lentil soup was the way to go. The veggie pattys were absolutley delish and the rice was really good too. The only problem with Eden's is the space in the restaurant, it gets super crowded and, if you're sitting at the end of the table like I was, you get bumped a ton.A great place for veggie and vegan eaters.
5	Eden's Grill has to be one of my favorite, and newly discovered Middle Eastern/Mediterranean restaurant in the PHX metro. Located in a sleepy strip mall, close to Artie's Ace, is EG. My partner and I had the opportunity to have dinner here a few weeks ago and we were totally wowed by everything! We started off with the hummus, followed by two orders of the vegetarian plate. The vegetarian plates were huge and featured dolmades, falafel, rice, veggie skewers and veggie patties (2). The vegetarian plate was massive and everything on the plate was delicious. Next time we'll pay the extra $5 and split one Vegetarian Plate instead of getting two. The pita and hummus were fresh and delicious, however, I find EG's hummus to be a a little thick for my preference and they use a heavy dose of tahini in their hummus. Overall, I would totally recommend EG to anyone with an itch for Middle Eastern/Mediterranean food but be warned, they aren't open for lunch on the weekends yet.
4	this place is probably as authentic as you can get, i heard the owners are syrian and they are serious about their food. the owner was bitching to me about the ridiculous charges on his aps bill while i was waiting for my gyros. he also gave me a tea in a glass while i waited plus an iced tea to go. very friendly and outgoing. the place is cute inside, small but looks like it would hold more than you think. i love small businesses like this - it makes me feel better knowing my money is going to support a family owned small business rather than a sweatshop of a chain restaurant. i ordered the gyros and DAMN that thing came LOADED, so i asked for an extra pita to make a second sandwich for lunch tomorrow. the pita was fried i think, it was crispy soft and hot and the gyros was some of the best i've ever had. not too dry and not too tenderly juicy. the tzatki sauce was superb but the sandwich could have done without the onions or tomatoes they load on it (easy to pick off).seeing as how i work next to this place, i'm sure i'll be back to try more of their greek delights.
4	Eden's Veggie Patties might just make me join Hubby in his vegetarian diet. They were simply outstanding- a mix of cauliflower, potato, parsley and spices fried to crispy perfection. I had the gyros, which were good, but not really much different from gyros I have had many places before. I was doubtful of the rice at first- saffron, cinnamon, toasted almonds and golden raisins- but it all worked. The hummus was heavy on the tahini and super creamy. I think I would prefer a touch more lemon and garlic. If the veggie patty was so outstanding, I can't wait to go back and see how well Eden's does falafel.
4	I passed by the place a few times over the last few years since I work nearby so I tried it out today (10/16/09).  I had a simple gyro plate, fries and an Iced Tea.  The food was excellent.  I probably ate too much gyro meat but it was tasty and served hot and quickly.  I think I should have tried to just have the sandwich and added a hummus plate because I didn't get a chance to try the hummus.  Only problem was that I was so full I was sleepy all afternoon.  I talked with one of the owners and found out she was IRAQI so I shared that I had lived in Saudi Arabia as a kid.  She was very friendly and I felt very much at home.  If you are looking for a nice place to eat with good food, I suggest giving this place a try.  Next time, it's falafal and hummus!
5	I eat here at least twice a month. It's very authentic and delicious. The staff is extremely friendly and really seem to love what they do. Their hummus is very smooth and more middle eastern in flavor (more tahini and less garlic) than what one would find at a Greek restaurant, which I prefer. They have the best baba in the city. Perfectly smoked. Also good are the gyro salad, lamb kabobs and grilled chicken. Entrees are served on a wonderfully spiced rice. Ask for a side of yogurt sauce for dipping. It's so good. Also very authentic. The falafel is great, made from scratch, to order. If you are lucky enough to eat at Eden's for lunch, they have some great specials. Save some room for dessert. Last time we were there, we lucked out and got some baklava right out of the oven...heaven.
5	Okay, so the service is spotty. If it's the old man, fuggedaboutit. You're not going to get served forever and you're gonna be frustrated. If it's the daughter, you're in luck. She runs the room like a pro. So, why five stars?Because the food is spot on incredible, and their rice is the best carb-load in town. We get the number two combo platter to go (our two young girls make it difficult to eat out). We skip the questionable service and come home with enough food for at least four meals. I can't recommend the food here highly enough. The service, well, not so much.Oh, and get a slice of the daughter's wedding cake. It's just the tool to get you off of the Atkins wagon.
4	Looooove this place.  I have to come here every time I visit Phoenix.  The rice with raisins and almonds, the baba ganoush, the hummus, the dolma, the falafel, the veggie patties... it's all so delicious and vegetarian-friendly (although they have plenty of meat options for the carnivores). The portions are HUGE, so come hungry, share, and/or make room in your fridge for leftovers.  Eden's Grill is staffed by a super nice family, and even though I'm not a regular, I feel like one whenever I go.
4	Started with baba ganoush. I liked it. Good amount of smoke flavor as expected. Really good kebaps. I had the lamb and chicken combo. The portions are huge. The rice is just amazing. It has almonds and raisins in it. I could just have the rice as a meal. I had yoghurt drink. They made it fresh. It wasn't blended well.
4	Stumbled upon this place from Yelp when looking for something new to have for take out.  I rolled into the restaurant around 845 (they close at 9), and placed an order to go.  Normally some places like this get kind of cranky if you order that close to closing, but the lady who helped me was so nice.  I believe her name is Nahren....one of the owners.I had the Dolmeh (grape leaves) appetizer and the Gyros entree.  The Dolmeh, which was served warm, was pretty darn good, a little different than I've had it before, but the style can vary based on which country the recipe is originating from...in this case Iran I believe.  It's hard to really screw up gyros, and gyros meat will be pretty consistent in taste no matter where you go.  But here, there was something that separated it from the rest, it was really flavorful.  The gyros comes with sides of pita to wrap it in, tzatziki sauce, onions, tomatoes...and is all served over amazingly delicious basmati rice with golden raisins and almonds in it. Sooo good.When the food was ready and I got the bill it was like $23 something.  I thought wow, this is kinda expensive...but when I got home and opened my food, I was blown away at how HUGE the portions were.  I got at least 3 meals for myself out of it.  This place did not disappoint, I'm excited to go back and try some more of their entree's as I'm sure they are delish.
4	One of the best Middle Eastern restaurants I've been to here in Phoenix. I would have given it a 5 star if it wasn't for the fact that they don't turn on the ac or they set it way too high when the owner is there.
5	My boyfriend and I checked out Eden's Grill last night on the recommendation of fellow Yelpers.  Don't let the location fool you -- this place is EXCELLENT!We stopped in about an hour before they closed. The server was so friendly and sweet and we were promptly seated. The table next to us was very chatty and friendly as well. We started off with the potato cakes which were the perfect portion for an appetizer and were very good. The boyfriend ordered the Adam and Eve and I ordered the kefta and chicken.  Both were superb. I don't know what the chicken was marinated in, but was so juicy and flavorful; it tasted entirely different than any other Greek Kabob I've had. I also tried some of the beef kabob and would highly recommend that as well.  My other kabob was the kefta and I'll be honest-- it wasn't my favorite, but that's what I get for trying something new. Both plates came with rice with white raisins and slivered almonds.  On top of the rice was marinated grilled vegetables. I could've eaten a plate of that alone! Be forewarned that when you come here, the portions are HUGE. We easily could've split a plate, although we'd have been fighting over the chicken!
5	If you want authentic, delicious Mediterranean food, head to Eden's Grill!  I've been a handful of times and have tried quite a few menu items - the appetizers are all spot on and the entrees are huge portions.  Some of my favorites are:- Dolmeh (fresh, warm stuffed grape leaves - a world away from the typical cold, slimy canned ones many places offer)- Falafel (crispy on the outside and creamy on the inside - served with a tasty tahini sauce)- Tabbouleh (nice herb/tomato to bulgur ratio and good seasoning)Note to the wise: unless you're really, really hungry (or if you want leftovers), stick to either a few apps to share or just to the entrees.  Any more than that will be too much!Service has always been both friendly and speedy - just note the hours before heading over, because we've stopped by on occasion and it's been closed.
5	Eden's Grill is, without question, home to some delicious, homemade Middle Eastern food. Not since going to the houses of friends of my father many years ago have I tasted food like this. I should clarify...There are great Middle Eastern restaurants in Phoenix, but a lot of the places have food that tastes like restaurant/deli food. This is not bad at all...restaurant food can be very delicious. But, then there are places that serve food the way "Mom" makes it. It's that special little bit of love that I'm talking about. In the case of Eden's Grill, "Mom" IS making the food. Well, not my mom, but the mom of the great waitress that served my table today (So sorry I didn't catch her name.). For our lunch, Bobby T and I went for a side of hummus and baba, a gyro plate and a beef kebab sultani plate. The hummus and baba were solid, loaded with garlic and topped generously with olive oil. The gyro plate was also solid, the meat wasn't too dry and the veggies were definitely fresh. Above the previous two menu items stood the beef kebab sultani. Each bite had the two of us smiling because it was so good. The kebab meat had flavor infused into the core of each piece...never did I chew a bite and not get the flavor of the marinade. It was awesome. We also got to taste some of their hot dolma. I have only been served hot dolma at three restaurants, and each time they have been great; definitely worth trying if you're a dolma fan.There is one last thing that we tried that everyone needs to come to Eden's Grill for though, and that is the rice - basmati w/ golden raisins and chopped almonds. The rice especially tasted like it was made with love and not just by a chef. I still crave it as I write this (good thing there was plenty left over). I'm excited about this "new" find for me, and I think other Yelpers should be as well.
4	Eden's grill has very tasty food. Good vegetarian selection.  Delicious rice and falafel. The service is warm and friendly. Its a bit pricey compared to other nearby Mediterranean restaurants but the food tastes like it was made with love.FYI- You can place orders for their fantastic rice for the holidays. I heard it is amazing with turkey dinners. I plan on it for next Thanksgiving.
5	Absolutely love this restaurant, and for so many reasons . . . First, it is family owned (always like to support the little independents), and the owners are so nice and friendly (more on that below) . . . Secondly, the food is awesome and portions are generous. The hummus is heavenly. The babaganoush is brilliant. The dolmas, delightful. And that's just for starters. Here's what tipped the scales way in their favor . . . We stopped in on a lark on a Tuesday night to order take-out. Just as we placed our order for the combination appetizer plate and the kefta and chicken combo entree, the wife came out of the kitchen to serve a couple nearby. The scent of the entree as it passed by was perfume to my nose and senses. I asked, "what was that?" The owner enthusiastically replied, "We are serving Passover dinner this week, and that's our brisket." "Oh my, I said. That smelled so incredible." The wife of a couple seated next to us said, "it is the best I have ever had." As a Jewish girl, growing up on the best brisket ever made, only by my mother, that was a throwdown for me to try some. The owner asked me if I want to try some. I think he noticed that my eyes were popping out of their sockets and a little drool was coming out of my mouth. "Oh yes!" He proceeded to serve me a nice-sized slice of brisket which he said mother cooked over eight hours. It was as delicious as I remembered my mother's to be and ordered an entire entree to take home. Then, I said, "it's missing only one thing . . . horseradish . . . " To my surprise, the wife said to wait, she had some in the kitchen. I couldn't wait to get up and gobble up more of the fragrant and perfectly cooked to perfection brisket. That's the upside . . . the down side is that it's not on the menu any other time of the year . . . That being said, our other entree was equally worth returning for the other 51 weeks. Not to be forgotten is their rice chock full of raisins and almonds which accompanies the entrees. I can't believe that it took me five and a half years to find this place. I can't wait to go back for more!
5	Hands down one of the Best Middle Eastern restaurants in the Phoenix area, delicious food, excellant service, and the best part is the family atmosphere that is included!! Great portions for the amount spent.you can't go wrong :) the entrees are wonderful, appetizers heavenly, also for all you low-carb people out there the salads are delicious and perfect for us dieters!
5	I grew up in a Filipino family that bought rice in 50-lb bags, because we ate so much of it. If Eden's Grill is any indication, the people of the Mediterranean have very similar eating habits. They give you so much rice to accompany your meals that, if you're not an avid fan of rice like me, you might feel like you were getting ripped off because the rice portion dwarfs the entree portions. That's not to say you don't get a lot of entree -- it's just that most normal sized things look suddenly become diminutive in the presence of Eden's Grill's rice portions.Luckily, the rice is amazing. I'm probably -- no, I AM biased towards the grain, but Eden's Grill deserves 5-stars on the rice alone. A lot of Mediterranean restaurants I've tried have a nasty tendency of over salting their rice. Often times, the resulting flavor is nearly indiscernible from Rice-a-Roni. Here, the flavor (curry, almonds, and raisins) is subtle, yet deep. I could eat a popcorn bucket of their rice and still crave more. I haven't had a single entree that wasn't delicious, but for me it's the rice that steals the show. It's family owned, the amount of food you get for the money is ridiculous (their huge lunch specials have to be one of the best food deals around), and the food is superb. This restaurant is quickly becoming one of my favorites in Phoenix.
5	My family is from Israel and over the years we've enjoyed a lot of fantastic Middle Eastern food. Eden's Grill has some of the BEST in town. Authentic, reasonably priced, and made with love and tradition. I've never had anything there that I didn't like. This one of my favorite places to send people.
5	Just checked in at Edens Grill and ordered a Greek Salad with Chicken Kabobs! This dish is amazing!
5	Eden's Grill is a gem in Phoenix.  A diamond in the rough if you will.  It's truly a shame there aren't more deliciously amazing family-owned restaurants like this in Phoenix.  From the moment you walk in you're welcomed by a member of the family, usually the father who is working the dining room.  This hospitality lasts until you leave.Their rice is truly a standout with almonds and raisins mixed in.  Hummus is amazing.  Chicken kabobs are always tender and juicy.  You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu here!If you're nice to them, they might even give you a complimentary baklava for dessert!
5	There is huge difference between a franchised or chain restaurant run by accountants and a restaurant run by a family focused on quality food. Eden's Grill definitely takes a lot of pride in preparing and serving some of the freshest and finest Mediterranean cuisine in the Valley.The prices are reasonable with the best value, of course, at lunch time.I highly recommend them!
5	Neighbors had told me how great this place is and after reading the positive YELP reviews, I decided to have dinner here with my family!Friendly greeting and service from the moment we walked in the door! Fast service and great food too!HUGE portions!! I recommend splitting entree's. We ordered 2 entree's between 3 people and had 2 boxes of leftovers we took home! I split the lamb kabobs and the meat was tender and juicy. Hubby had the Gyro's and loved them! (Gyro's were probably enough food for 3 people!!).Moderate prices. Averaging about $15 bucks a plate, but the dinner plates come with the amazing Basmati rice with white currants, almonds and maybe a touch of cinnamon?I was told they had the best cannoli's in town.....so I had to save room for one!!...and they were pretty darn good!! To sum it up...... FAST~FRIENDLY~FRESH FOOD!!!Yummy!!
5	Superb Mediterranean cuisine in a small family restaurant. This is by far the best Mediterranean food in Phoenix. Their savory use of spices and herbs brings out the best in everything they serve.  I would go out of my way to discover this restaurant.
4	I enjoy this place.  I found it on a whim - thank you Yelp - when I was in the neighborhood for a class I take on Tuesday nights.  It is now my go-to place before the class.  The gyro meat is really tasty and I've now gotten the gyro and chicken kebab salad the last two times and the chicken is super good as well.  The rest of the salad is a little meh but the meat is the thing!  I also am not in love with their tzatziki sauce as it's a little thicker than I generally like it but all in all it's a good salad.I've also had their gyro platter, which was humungous - I think it took me 3 meals to finish it.  Again, the gyro meat is great. As for the rice with the raisins and nuts - it is pretty good but I almost think the idea of it is better than the actual execution.  Does that make sense? I eat it and love it but it's like there's just something missing with it and I'm not sure what it is.  The fragrance is great and, for someone who generally doesn't like raisins, I really like the raisins and nuts in it.I will keep returning for the tasty meat... I think next time I will just try a pure chicken dish so I can get more of that tasty chicken!
5	Excellent, excellent, excellent. They finally are offering the lamb shanks - and were they delicious! Cooked perfectly, in a very tasty sauce. The kabobs - as usual- were very good, too. A lot of love goes into these family recipies - if you like generic mediterranen food, go somewhere else - this is the real this. This is a favorite place of ours - family owned and operated. Please join us in supporting this hidden gem.
5	This is my very first review on Yelp. I'm been an active user and decided to share my secret favorite place - Eden's Grill.Looking for the finest Mediterranean food in the valley?  Eden's Grill is the place to go. Consider the Gyros, Chicken and Beef Kebab combination for two.  It's our favorite dish, since it allows us to have it all. Did I mention the rice? Covered in golden raisins and almonds- WOW. Ended the evening Nehren's Wedding Cake for dessert. I dislike cake, but I'm still thinking about how good it was. Try it.
5	I live for the Gyro Salad. Always make sure I eat at Eden's when I'm in AZ. This last time I went for lunch. I skipped the lunch specials, which are a great deal: pita sandwich, side and drink for $6.99. My mom got the Chicken Gyro, which she was freaking out over. It's very good, and used to by my lunch go-to, but again, I can't deny the power of the Gyro Salad, extra yogurt, please :)
2	The food is  pretty good, but I would suggest you get it to go for two reasons:1) the place is a dump. It's the kind of dump that I think the owners actually think it's fancy and classy. Their is a chiropractor a couple of doors away that would make a more inviting restaurant. 2) They made me feel like I was interrupting their business. The owner or manager was sitting at a table with a pile of bills yelling about how they charge too little and the bills are too high. Like I said the food is good but with these other things going on in the front of the house, it makes me wonder what is going on in the back. Perhaps two stars is a little rough but with all the other glowing reviews of the place I expected a lot more.
4	The waitress was outgoing, friendly and very helpful. The food was served quickly and was quite tasty. Overall a great value for the money. I will be back...
1	This review is purely based on service because we didn't get a chance to try the food... If there was a negative one star, that is what they should get.My husband and I wanted to try something new. We found Eden's grill on yelp and thought we'll give it a shot.We walked in and stood in the lack of space for about 2 mins. NO ONE acknowledged us so we decided to grab a seat. It gets even worst, we sat down for 5 mins and still nothing. No water or even noticed that a customer walked in. Servers were in the dining room so I can't see why at least one person couldn't have said hi.We walked out and will not be back.
5	I love Eden's Grill Inn.  The food, the owners, the lunch special's....everything!  It is, without a doubt, some of the best Mediterranean food in town.  Their gyros are the real deal. A perfectly prepared pita, lots of seasoned beef and lamb, fresh onion and tomato. A side of creamy goodness and some of the best rice I have laid my lips upon and you've got yourself one mighty fine meal.  The gyros, chicken and beef kebab combination ($33) says it feeds two, but I think it would be more than enough for six NFL players or eight midgets...I mean, little people ( approximately seven average sized humans).  What a smokin' deal!  Trust me when I tell you that you are doing your self a disservice if you don't check out Eden's.  They will not disapoint!
5	I LOVE this place!  The reviews cover so many of the details, and I hate to be repetitive.  Here are the highlights, according to Moi!-super fresh food-amazing vegetarian options-perfectly seasoned-food is even better than it sounds on the menu!-I can never choose because it's all so good-friendly service (family operation)-killer baklava, take home w/ you if necessary-great lunch specialsHere's the skinny on the neighborhood, ambiance and service:  -Located in decent neighborhood, in a small strip center-It's clean and maintained, but keep in mind it is a small FAMILY operation.  Don't expect corporate luxury and professional interior design.-Waitstaff are family, and they may have made some of your food earlier in the day. they are friendly, but not professional servers.  That being said, I have not had bad service here at all.I see couples, families, solo diners, from all walks of life in here.If you are in the area, you can't go wrong with a meal at Eden's Grill!
5	Amazing food, great place to take family. Price is very fair in contrast to their competitors. Iv noticed ALL their food is made from scratch. Recommend it to anyone and the location is very central.
5	The best Mediterranean food my husband and I ever ate! It was fresh, flavorful and enormous portions! It is a family run operation which makes the restaurant even more charming! The service was great. My husband asked for fries for our 2 year old daughter and the server told us in a very motherly way "thats not healthy, she'll eat with you, theres rice and chicken" (we ordered one of the platters) and she did! I so appreciated that. I was going to tell him that, but she beat me to it. Everything was great from the Hummus, to the lamb kabob, chicken kabob and the gyro meat to the sweet rice and baklava... the baklava is divine!! Cannot wait to be back to see Noreen and taste her moms cooking yet again!
5	This place is terrific! The food is outstanding. Large portions! The owner made us feel like we were having a gourmet dinner in her home. We are from SF! There are no Mediterranean restaurants as good in the SF Bay Area. We will return the next time we are in Scottsdale.
3	The food was really good but a bit overpriced; You do get big portions though.  The service was slow possibly because there were only two servers but it is such a small place that it shouldn't be that hard to male sure drinks are filled when needed.  The rice is amazing!  Love the veggie patty's too!  The servers were very nice and friendly.
5	I visited Eden's Grill tonight with a friend after reading a few good reviews here on Yelp.  I've got to say you guys hit this one on the head.  I had such a good time and our food was great.  What's not to love about a place where mom is cooking and comes out to check on things and make sure you're not only happy, but thrilled.  The chicken kabobs were moist and flavorful.  I think the golden raisin and almond topped rice was amazing.  I'm not big on starches, but I ate much more than I would have elsewhere.  Speaking of eating more...wow, the portions are perfectly plentiful and satisfying.  You definitely get what you pay for at this restaurant.  To sum things up... the family running Eden's Grill clearly love what they do; and it shows.
5	I have been going to this place for 8 years ! Every time we bring someone they are pleasantly surprised. Everyone always loves it. Please continue to support this local gem!
5	Love this family owned little restaurant.   The lamb and rice dishes are amazing and now they have so much better wines than they used to.    We make it a point to visit every time we are in the area and sit at our special table outside and pretend we are in a Mediterranean plaza...   (It actually over looks a car park but with all the smells of the cooking and a glass of wine, it can transport you!)
5	Absolutely amazing in every way, but why the heck is this place in a strip mall? My husband's exact quote after finishing his meal: "I think this may be the best food I've ever had."
5	I'm an idiot.  I checked in at the wrong location.  This is the their correct listing:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/edens-grill-inn-phoenix
5	My wife and I dined here last night.  It was dead.  We were there for about an hour and were the only people there.  A few people came and went for pickup orders but that is it.  It was like our own private dining room.  We were assured by the owner that during the winter months the place is almost always jam packed with snowbirds.From the looks and deadness of the place I was skeptical of the food/service but I was pleasantly surprised.  The food was awesome and so was the service.  The owner was friendly and an all around awesome lady.To start we had baba ganoosh and hummus.  Both were very good and the pitas were ok but not house made.  Then we had a small house salad and lentil soup.  The lentil soup was excellent but the salad was just ok.  The dressing was 'eh and weird and I really can't describe it.  However, for a small salad, it was huge.For my main course I ordered the lamb and gyro dish.  The lamb was tender and juicy and the gyro was the best I've ever had.  The portion was huge too which was good because I was able to eat the rest for lunch the next day.  My wife had the falafel salad.  The actual salad part was just ok (like the house salad I ordered previously) but the falafel were excellent.  It was also a very big portion.For desert we brought home some baklava.  It was homemade and very good although not as sweet as I would have liked.  All-in-all it was a very good dining experience and we will return.
5	A tiny strip mall located family owned business.  For those who know anything about valley food; that means you're usually going to find something great.  If you like Mediterranean, there's something at Eden's Grill Inn that will satisfy your taste buds.I've had a few of Eden's Grill's platters at a party before, but this weekend was my first dining experience at the restaurant.  The dining room is small.  Probably not much bigger than my living room, but they manage to comfortably squeeze a good mount of tables in without it getting uncomfortable.  Some music (I'm assuming Greek) gives the place some added feeling.  The decor isn't much.  A few paintings and a lot of the clique "Best" whatever they were vote from the New Times or some other publications plaque's.  Those awards seem to be well deserved.We both had the gyro pita lunch special.  For just $7.95, you get the sandwich, a choice of Greek salad, fries, or rice, and a drink.  When the sandwich arrived, I was shocked at the massive amount of meat.  I had to start with a fork just to eat it down to a size where I could use my hands and take a bit!  The tzatziki sauce is also excellent.  I'm guessing they mix some sort of sour cream in with the yogurt.  Whatever it is, it makes the sauce very flavorful.  The pita bread may be the best I've ever had.  It's almost more of a hybrid or a naan and a pita.  A little oily for bread, but delicious.  The service was as good as the food.  The owner really made us feel welcome, and was as nice as can be.The lunch specials are cheap.  The regular entrees can be pretty pricy.  But portions are pretty big, so it's best to come here with a group of at least four and split a few items.
5	Excellent food with HUGE portions! One meal is enough for two or take some home for later. The place is small and family run with great hospitality! I got the Gyro and it was spectacular, piled high with lots of rice and a huge piece of delicious pita bread. The cucumber yogurt sauce was also the best I have ever had! Don't pass this place up!
5	Amazing Gyro must go it was as tender as it was delicious.
4	Eden's is a small family-owned restaurant where we have received good service and good food on multiple occasions. Coming from someone on a vegan diet, this place is an appropriate stand-in for its namesake - the Garden of Eden.  There are lots of options that have absolutely no eggs or dairy in them - which is sometimes hard with Mediterranean food.  The hummus and baba ganoush were both very good.I would highly recommend the vegetarian appetizer - it's a meal in itself - as well as the vegetarian plate.  They were more than willing to make a couple of substitutes to accomodate dietary restrictions.We'll be back.
2	OK after hearing about this restaurant from a friend I decided to take the family out. First I must say that living in the valley for over 30 years I still and always will be a Haji Baba fan in Tempe Az. for life!(yelp them)So, walk in and would agree that the ambiance was less than. Dinner tables were cheap and the table cloth was tacky. Oh almost forgot why is there a large mirror on the wall? Were given dinner menus by a impolite waitress who I suspected was surely going to be the owner. The first thing that hit was the prices! $$$ I kindly asked the waitress if I could just have a Gyro sandwich. The answer was NO! (rudely). Those are only available during lunch time! Ok, so next option was to gamble on a gyro plate priced at $14.95. We placed our order and waited. The food arrived on a timely manner. The food was hot and looked good. The tzatziki-sauce was a 10! Although the gyro meat was not to my tasting, it was ok for being real hungry. Eventually the waitress started warming up to us! :) PROBABLY WONT RETURN AGAIN.Pros- Fresh food, LocationCons-Couldn't get what I really wanted.(A gyro sandwich)-$$$ pricey! $36 for 2 adults and 2 children. (2 gryo plates and a coke.)-No kids menu. -Water tasted like it was from the tap.-Coke was flat.
5	A friend and I decided to try this place after all the good reviews we read and it was awesome food. We started with the stuffed grape leaves which there were six of them and very tasty. Then we shared the gyros, chicken and beef kabob combination plate which serves two and came with a big plate of rice. All I can say is we were in heaven while eating this..everything was cooked and seasoned perfectly. We had a little rice and gyros leftover so the waitress packaged it up and filled the to go box with rice and extra sauce and pita..which came out to a full meal in itself. The place is a little small but filled up quickly and service was friendly and we never had to ask for anything. If your craving Greek food treat yourself to Eden's
4	Great meal all-around.  Was hoping for an authentic experience...and that is what we received from start to finish.  Really enjoyed the grilled lamb and chicken, with garlic sauce on the side, and a Turkish coffee to finish.Service was attentive and friendly.  The staff was clearly proud of their food/restaurant, as they should be...Highly recommend!
5	Great place! This is now the only Mediterranean joint I go to. Small, family owned and very tasty. The cook even comes and says hi to me everytime I go in, I like that!If your too cheap like other reviewers to pay $15 bucks a plate, go at lunch it half the price. But I highly recommend it!
5	Over the years Phoenix has been fairly inconsistent in having good eateries.  Unlike major cities like Los Angeles, Chicago and New York, Phoenix has always been dominated by corporate eateries and little or no ma-pa eateries.  In Chicago they call them joints...just great family owned neighborhood restaurants that do everything par excellence and that's precisely what we have here at Eden's Grill.  The owners are ridiculously proud and upon your first visit you will find out why.  Soups, salads, incredible beef, chicken, lamb entrees', Reasonably priced, extraordinary food, that's what this place is all about!
5	The single best place to have lunch if you're in the Paradise Valley Mall area.  This family-run eatery serves up traditional Mediterranean classics  but they make each one their own.  The ground beef kabob is nothing short of spectacular.  In many places, that dish is an afterthought but not here.  Their house rice is an aromatic yellow rice with almonds and raisins and absolutely delicious.It's also a proper restaurant - not your typical gyro lunch counter vibe.  Lunch for two runs $17.00 and we usually take food home.  Everyone I've brought here loves it.Highly recommended!
5	Terrific food and service. Probably the best hummus I've ever had and the lentil soup was fabulous.
5	Great neighborhood restaurant.  Delicious food.  The service was efficient and friendly.  The portions were large and prices reasonable.  I am going back for their lunch specials!
5	Lizzie Lemon and me just left Eden's Garden. (So, its DP writing the review on Lemons computer and yelp account). In keeping with my rule of only reviewing if I feel that a place is a 1 or a 5, I'm pleased to give this place a 5.First, Nora was fantastic. She is kind and funny, but mostly, it's so neat to see how proud she is of her family and their restaurant.  She's proud for good reason. Food is truly great and very reasonable. We stared with the potato cake and it was awesome. Nora brought the legit hot sauce which went perfect with the cucumber sauce on the potato cake. Then we had a giant platter of gyros, lamb and chicken kabob.... Ridiculous. The platter was accompanied by a big plate of rice with fresh raisins.  Normally I'd think I wouldn't like sweet raisins with my rice, but it was terrific.Couple of cocktails and great company. Can't say enough about this little family owned spot. Great job. We look forward to being regulars!
4	This is our second time back here and i have no idea what took so long to come back!  I really like this place.  The place is small-maybe seating 40 people.  We were promptly greeted and waited just a few minutes for a table to be cleared for us.  We ordered a nice bottle of red wine, the dolmeh for an appetizer, Paul had the lamb kababs and I had the  Eden's grill chicken.  Both came with a fantastic rice with almonds and yellow raisins  and grilled veggies.  YUM.  Portions were large and we may end up splitting a lamb and chicken kabab in the future, but the good news is we have left overs!!!!!
5	I have to say, I really enjoyed having dinner here the other night. My girlfriends and I wanted to hit up somewhere close to home for some good food and drink. We did not expect our evening to be so enjoyable, tasty, and fullfilling. We enjoyed a bottle of wine, some apps, salad, and wedding cake!! The portions were generous and full of flavor. Come to find out, this place has been here for 25 years. The 2 sisters were our servers, super friendly, and their Mom was the cook, super quick!  Hard pass up on showing appreciation to a great family owned business!!!!
5	Eden's Grill is definitely one of the best Greek restaurants in Phoenix.  The atmosphere is small and cozy.  The owner's are fantastic.  They always welcomed us and when I would dine there without my daughter they always ask about her.  The food is fabulous.  They have the best dolmeh!  I love the Lentil Soup and the Gyro Salad.  I love this family run restaurant.
5	Best Gyro in town, great lunch specials and always friendly quick service. I can't stress enough the quality of the food and large portions. I always leave happy and full! Keep up the good work.
5	This place was excellent. I brought my elderly grandparents, who aren't big on greek, and they had a great time. The sergice was attentive, and thought was put into every dish. Most Greek/Mediterranean places tend to overflavor their food, I thought Eden balanced the flavor of their chicken brilliantly with just a compliment of nice spices. Their salads were fresh, and the falafel was cispy outside and fluffy inside. I would absolutely go back...and congratulations to the owner on opening a nice, quaint business.
5	we only came across this place because an acquaintance recommended it to us. I've lived up the street from this place for years and never knew it existed, it's quite the hole in the wall and easy to pass by.The place was super clean and the owners did a wonderful job serving everyone in a timely manner and being super attentive. We felt so taken care of!! :) I thought the prices were a little on the high side but when they brought out our meal all I could say was "WHOAH!". The portion sizes were CRAZY awesome and my hubby and I could have really split one entree and still had some leftover. The food was fresh, the meat tender, the atmosphere pleasantly divine! 2 trips now and I'm such a fan! :D
5	Their lunch specials are great. Staff was helpful with ordering and gave great service. I was expecting counter service and walked into a full-service restaurant. Go here instead of "My Big Fat..." for a true Greek experience.
5	Great food, large portions, reasonable prices especially considering how much food we received. Had chicken and kefta kabobs.Rice was very good with slivered almonds and raisins. Had the House salad and Mediterranean salad was good also.Family owned. We will be back for sure.
5	Best gyro in town! We go for the lunch special during the work week quite often. I havent been for dinner but if its half as good as their lunch gyro then you wont be disappointed. Service is great and they always take good care of us.
4	Kind of hidden in a non-descript shopping strip, this mom & pop place is a great find. I've only tried their meats - beef, lamb, and chicken. Lamb is the best. The choices are kind of limited. Seems like half the menu are kebabs, but they are so tasty.If the prices look a bit high, the portions that come out justify that. The grilled meats rest on a huge plate of flavored rice. I can usually save half for lunch the next day.Some of their desserts look tempting but I never have room for them. Maybe I will order some to take out next time.
4	I feel like part of a new secret club after discovering this tasty little hot spot.  It's even spelled homous (not hummus), so you know you've hit the authentic homous jackpot here. (say it with me... hhhhhhooomuuuus)I went on a date here, he picked the place.   Bonus points to him!   If you do go on a date here, or if you generally want to speak to anyone after eating here, you may want to pack a toothbrush and mouthwash.  Hellooooo garlic!!!      Don't get me wrong, I love me some garlic, but consider yourself forewarned!!    That goodnight kiss could turn evil real quick, so if you want a second or third date, pack your breathmints!  =) We split a plate for 2 which was the beef, lamb and chicken.  We both thought we just ordered the beef and chicken, so the lamb was a little bonus.  And I'm glad, because the chicken and the lamb were definitely the best!   While the order says it's for 2 - it's actually probably a portion for 4 - 5 people.   We ate until full and then took two to-go boxes.  I ate it for lunch and dinner the next day.  I'm STILL oozing garlic from my pores. The saffron rice was delish.   Servers were non-invasive, but still attentive and friendly.  Loved the neighborhood vibe here - people walked in and were obviously regulars, there was a big birthday party going on, overall just a nice, relaxed vibe.  Great for a date or for families.
5	We decided to try this small place. Was very surprised. Great food. Friendly service. I had the lamb and chicken and it was very tender. My son is picky eater and he loved the beef kebab. The potato cakes were excellent. We will be back for sure.
5	Great food with very generous portions. Friendly and efficient service, too. Loved the gyros and the baba ghanoush. .
4	The best Greek food in Phoenix, the price was reasonable. The family owned staff was great. The wine suggested by the server was very good. My only issue was that the table clothes on the tables were kind of dirty. They should charge an extra 50cents per plate and change the table clothes after every table leaves. Cleanliness is next to godliness. I wanted to give 5 stars but the cleanliness factor held me back.
3	Sincerely,Uninspired in PhoenixI've had Eden's Grill Bookmarked for a while now, seeing as I do enjoy a good gyros and today I happened to be just round the corner and hungry. I pulled up Yelp, went to my bookmarks, low and behold a nearby 4.5 star! I quickly decided, "That's where were going" and away we went. Now many of my reviews come from inspiration, something seems to catch my attention. Maybe it was the amazing house made ketchup, perhaps the superior service, or the cooked to perfection polenta. Inspiration sometimes comes also from a crude wait staff, under cooked chicken, or runny macaroni and cheese. Today, I find no inspiration and thus, this spot gets filed as Vanilla. Not quite one of my favorites, but an OK choice if it's easily accessible and no alternative choices to speak of.Upon arrival the wait staff seemed to be hours deep into a game of poker. Showing neither excitement nor distain to see me enter the dining room, they certainly had an amazing poker face. "Two?" she asked, then escorted us to one of the eight available tables in a dining room of ten tables. $7.95 for a gyros and (salad, fries, or rice) seemed like a square deal to me, so I ordered up a "gyros with a salad - and please, no onions or tomato." I knew I could break that poker face of her's; although, I didn't expect it to be in offense to me wanting no tomato on my food. It's rare I get asked "you want no tomato?... on your salad!?" with a sneering look of offence, as if my personal distain of tomatos somehow reflected poorly on her or the kitchen staff. Sadly, the salad; having fresh lettuce, cucumber, and a "barely there" amount of feta cheese - just enough to "call it out" on the menu as an included ingredient, was bland. Adding salt and pepper to a salad is never a sign of a good salad or dressing. Along comes the gyros, and tasty as it was, the gyros meat was sliced super thin - no problems if you like it that way though, and it was also topped with the onions I specifically requested to be omitted from my meal; I quickly picked those off myself.Maybe it was an off day, maybe it's just me be picky, maybe there were forces at work here that wanted my meal to be "pretty good, but uninspired", but this 4.5 star place seemed a little over stated, IMHO. It's possible I'll come back again, but hailing from central phoenix, it's rare I'm up this way, and more rare I'm up here and looking for something to eat.Happy Yelping Phoenix.
5	This is a wonderful small, local Greek restaurant.  The food here is wonderful and very authentic.  My husband and I split a meal with an appetizer and ended up having left overs.  I've been here for both lunch and dinner and the food was amazing both times.  Highly reccomended.
4	I really enjoyed eating here! The plates are made to split, and when split I found that they were the perfect portions of food. I ordered and split the chicken and steak kabob plate, and it was delicious. The meat was seasoned and cooked very well.  I would definitely go back again!
5	This has been on our To Try list for probably a year, and we finally had the opportunity to get out to north Phoenix and try this hidden gem. The one thing we were disappointed with was the fact that since everything was so good, we are going to have to make the journey up here more often.When coming to a new restaurant, especially one that has a cuisine we are familiar with, we like to sample an assortment from the appetizer menu. Not only was the owner/server exceptionally friendly, but the food was homemade, authentic, and served in a timely fashion.I can say that we felt everything was slightly under-salted, but we much more prefer that to the alternative and having to gulp water the entire meal. The appetizers, including the dolmades, were entirely scratch made, and serving sizes were more than generous.The large portion sizes of the entrees left enough for a second meal while the flavors and menu choices made for a Mediterranean dining experience that was a nice change from some of the run-of-the-mill restaurants out there. We will certainly be back to try more from the menu. The Adam and Eve and Moroccan Chicken are both killer plates in the entree department; we truly were not disappointed in any of our selections.If you have the chance, try out this spot hidden in the corner of a strip mall! The dining room is very small, but if you end up having to wait for a table it will be well worth it.
5	Amazing service, fantastic food and large portions. BEST rice EVER!! Mom is cooking up the most wonderful food. Love the entire family and the service.~Kristi & Chris
5	Incredible food! Ladies were so nice & accommodating with two kids. Nice restaurant w linens on the tables but not too nice. We had the appetizer place w four salads/dips, dolmades, & pita bread. Amazing!! Shared gyro plate & lamb & chicken plate. Meat was so good & the rice was delicious! So much food we have enough to feed our fam of 4 again! And the new garlic sauce was awesome. Obviously, I can't say enough about how good the food was. Thanks!
5	Just an all-around great place.  Not super fancy but all the essentials for a good dining experience.1) Excellent food- high quality meats and vegetables, perfectly grilled.  The rice with raisins/almonds is very tasty.  The tzaziki sauce is done nicely as well.2) Impeccable service- the reservation process was easy, and the owner Noreen was gracious when we arrived late.  Our drinks were regularly refilled and finished plates were instantly bussed.3) Low prices- super reasonable.  We ate well for cheap.
5	We have been going to Edne's Grill since it opened.  We have never had a bad meal.  The food is always fresh and full of flavor.  Tonight was the pinnacle.  New menu item, Spicy Morrocan Chicken was outstanding.  It was not spicy at all, but was such an intense incredible flavor over the excellent rice with almonds and raisins.  An absolute taste treat.  The portions are enormous, so you get to have this taste treat for lunch the next day! My husband had the Turkish coffee, and said it was excellent. Nahren makes you feel right at home, as though you are dining at a friends house.  We just love this place!
5	I have eaten here for years and I love it. Always consistant and always delicious. The owner is always present with a smile and the staff is attentive and professional. We have eaten in many times and taken out as well. This is the only place we go for our Gyros fix and mediterranean cuisine. P.S. The homous was too die for!!!
5	Just had an amazing dinner at Eden Grill.  I have been there before but I am writing to tell you that this place just gets better and better and better!  I love the way the friendly servers greet, seat  and attend to you.  We started off with the Tabouli salad.  I am going to go out on a limb and tell you that this is one of the best (maybe even the best) Tabouli I have ever had hands down.  Fresh and well prepared served with pita bread.  A must try.  I ordered the Moroccan Chicken and it was wonderful--with just a hint of spiciness.  It came with beautiful, fluffy yellow rice with almonds.  Are you hungry yet?  You should be if you were imagining what this wonderful dish looked like.  Chicken with raisins, nuts, peppers onions... yum.  Hubby had Lamb Kabob salad --a generous portion of assorted salad greens, feta cheese and generous, generous portions of grilled lamb.  So good his eyes were twirling in his head.  (By the way,  this is the perfect choice for dinner during the summer months--what could be better than a salad and high quality grill meats???) After hubby cleaned his plate,  he managed to steal a few bite-fulls of my Moroccan Chicken.  You see my portion was so large I couldn't finish it so he was hovering over my leftovers like a buzzard in the desert.  I quickly had it packed up before the vulture struck again.  (It's in the fridge now waiting to be my  lunch tomorrow) We couldn't have dessert... not enough room.  But what I did have after dinner was a wonderful conversation with the owner, Nahren.  I wanted to tell her how much we enjoyed our dinner at Eden Grill and we talked about all the New Times Awards on her walls and her "A" rating from the health department which is proudly posted on the bar counter.  How many of the restaurants that you have been to lately have their health department ratings for all to see, just saying.  Well the food here is fresh, well prepared and delicious... what else can one say about a restaurant??? Well, you can say that the staff is amazing, especially the owner.See you soon, Eden Grill!
5	This place is good. Really good. I've lived in the North Phoenix area forever and somehow never even knew this place existed until last night when I was scouring yelp for a new dinner option. It's tucked in the corner of a nondescript strip mall and from the outside looks pretty bland. Inside, it's a nice quaint restaurant with one wall dedicated to all the awards they've won over the year. Our server could tell it was our first time and explained they've been open for 10 years, that he and his sister are the servers and his mom and aunt are the chefs. We ordered a small house salad to split, the adam & eve (beef and chicken kebabs in greek marinade) and the moroccan chicken. Everything was fantastic, especially the rice that comes with the dishes. Portions were HUGE and I can't wait to have my leftovers for dinner again tonight. It wasn't cheap but not terribly expensive either ($15-$20 per entree). We'll be back for sure.
5	While in Phoenix for a little time in the sun, we checked out Eden's Grill.  What a great find.  We sampled a little of everything and everything was fantastic.  The family was a little apprehensive walking in the door, but walked out extremely happy with our choice for the evening.  Definitely a restaurant worth checking out.
5	Great service and the food is amazing! So delicious. Portions are really big so it's nice to get a few things and share. Owners are so nice, can't wait to come back here!
5	Wow! I was blown away by this place. My other favorite Greek Restaurant was closed so I had to find a substitute. What a great place. The Dolmas were out of this world. They were the kind that I grew up with. I have been looking for these for years. The Gyro salad was Huge and very meaty. It was enough to split between two of us.I will definitely be driving the extra distance to eat at this place again.Staff was extremely friendly and made you feel at home.
5	!OPA!                                       !TH3 B3ST!                                          !OPA!If you are in the North Phoenix area, eat at this fantastic locally owned and operated family establishment and don't forget to say hi to the owner, Nora.  The wait staff is attentive, Nora is present, and in the best way possible.  We had a wonderful conversation about the area, the school system, but mostly the FANTASTIC FOOD.  The meal itself was spectacular, we had fresh made homous as our appetizer, JACKPOT!        TIP: Request a combination plate, homous, tabula, baba ganoosh.The Veggie patty was unlike any we had before.  The plate was loaded with treats, all fresh made,  falafel, domah, and two huge homemade patties.  We also had the chicken and steak kababs, the were tasty, and tender, just perfect, served on a huge plate of the most amazing rice with grilled veggies.  We ended the meal with an amazing baklava, not to be missed.We will be back next time we are in the area, it's worth the drive!
5	this place is a hidden jewel, tucked away in the corner of a strip mall. Food is amazing and portions plentiful. never fails to disappoint when I bring new people here. Rice is real tasty and the combo platters can easily feed 3 people possibly 4.
5	Being relatively new to Yelp I am always skeptical when I see too many 4 and 5 star reviews.  This small powerhouse deserves the nod, however.  My wife and I had a very tasty meal there.  The Kafta and Chicken kabob with their signature rice and grilled onions was very juicy and delightful to our taste buds.  If you are a fan of falafel, this is the place to come.  We had a falafel salad and I would say the falafel were the best I've had anywhere.
4	We came here after day of shopping.  As others have mentioned, the lunch specials are huge.  Has a very welcome feeling of visiting your grand mothers place.  Ordered Gyro Platter lunch special and Falafel lunch special.  Both were really good.  Specials came with choice of rice, salad or fries with our meal.  We had the salad and rice. The rice was really delicious, with almonds and raisins.  Salad wasn't anything special, will skip that next time.  Well have to come back and try some of their other dishes for dinner.
4	The rice is ridiculously delicious and you have to save room for the amazing lemon cake dessert... Yummmmmm!!!
5	Great 'family' atmosphere and the FOOD is REALLY Great!!  If you are taking someone there to impress them, the restaurant itself is nothing special, a little on the small side and plain seating. But when the food comes, you will be rewarded with an unbelievable meal. Although I am partial to the Gyros, the Kafta and rice (with golden raisins) are to die for!  So go with an expectation of casual dining, with great food, and you will not be disappointed.
4	I've been here once and the service was friendly, the portions were enormous and the quality was great.  The decor could use some brightening but other than that it was a great experience, I will be back soon.
5	Love Nahren and Nino, they are the nicest owners. They were offering to help people out of the place with babies, always asking if we need anything but also not over-bearing. Everything we ate their was amazing, and flavorful. They ambiance could be better. It's small, and in a L-shaped plaza, but because the food was amazeballs, I could careless. They also sold us bandeleros tickets to casino Arizona and for gypsy kings. Love them. Try everything here. The restaurant is NOT greek. I hate when people say it is. It's ignorance. It's TRUE AUTHENTIC ASSYRIAN FOOD! ASSYRIAN FOOD. That's all. Thanks.
5	We love Eden's Grill!  It's family owned and everything is prepared by the owner who uses family recipes she brought from Iraq. The portions are generous and perfectly prepared. The kebabs are delicious and the rice is to die for!
5	After just one visit I can already say that Edens will be our "go to place" for kabobs and other Mediterranean dishes. The atmosphere is warm and friendly as is the staff. Dinner was served fresh and hot and it was delicious! My wife and I had to bring leftovers home and they were just as good for dinner the next night. Definitely try this place if you like fresh, well prepared Mediterranean!
5	The food was delicious!  The Steak (medium rare) and grilled chicken kabobs over saffron was amazing!  Family owned & operated...the pride shows!  Prompt & attentive service but not intrusive.  This Friday night the restaurant full.  Everyone was commenting how good the food was!  This is not far from my house and yet I had never been here before.  We will be back!!
4	This is a true sort of "hole in the wall" restaurant with great food and generous portions. I had the beef and lamb kabob plate and it was delicious. The lamb and beef were delicious and juicy with a whole bunch of great taste. They were served with a lot of rice and grilled onions, tomatoes, and peppers. My girlfriend had the ground beef kabob ( I don't remember the name) and that too was perfectly seasoned and cooked. Eden's Grill is out of the way from where we live but it's worth the drive and we'll definitely be back. Go here if you want a great meal, good portions, all in a simple laid back place. The only bad thing was that I was so full I was not able to finish my Turkish beer!
5	Traveling to scottsdale for a week at the westin kierland villas, we wanted to see what yelp recommended in local Greek food. Edens grill is about  8 miles from our location, so why not? The ratings and the food pics looked great .....very easy to get to and plenty of parking....not a big place, but we love the family run places. The restaurant is very clean and getting there early for dinner was perfect. Ordered the Moroccan chicken...spicy but not hot...sooooooo tasty...love the sauce with the chicken, peppers, onions.....I could haves stopped at 1/2 of the dish and be satisfied, but I couldn't stop! Had to savor every grain of rice on the plate... Omg! I wanted to come back again....my wife had the Adam and Eve  which is very good Aldo, but she loved my Moroccan chicken more and was disappointed I didn't bring any home..We will be back  the next time we are in the area....try it!
5	The food here is the best in the valley. The rice is to die for. The salads are huge and so tasty. The spices on the meats are mouth watering and the service is personable and excellent. Family owned and operated, we should support them!
5	Outstanding Middle eastern cooking!  Vegetable platter was delicious.  Little atmosphere but the service is very friendly and helpful and the food is excellent.  One of our favorites.  Well worth the one hour drive from Surprise.
5	I personally loved this place. The food was homemade and good. the business looked family run and the food tasted that way also, which I fell in love with. The staff is friendly and responsive. The food is cooked to order..which means fresh and HOT from the pan!!!!!!The place is really really small, which I didn't know. I didn't have to wait long, but I suggest making a reservation.The meat is in good chunks and cooked to perfection. Well most of it..one of my pieces was undercooked :/ But it's okay it was worth  it when I boxed it and heated it later :)There is a ton of rice. Maybe too much rice. They should probably offer another small side or something because then the meal would have been so much better! I suggest the lamb and chicken or beef!!
5	Actually shaved gyro meet. not pre-cut, spam looking gyro meet. This place gives SOOOO much food. I love it. When my wife and I go we split the gyro platter/plate for dinner. Sometimes we will get a salad to split as well, but to be honest we have left overs sometimes.So much meat...can't ever complain. You have to come to this place sometime.They can packed really quickly so make sure you plan accordingly. First time we went we got in right before temple got out. We got lucky but everyone after us had a 45+ min wait.
4	Was at a friend's house yesterday and the food was catered by EG. I'm from the Detroit area and so is my friend, her hubby and about half the people at the party. With so many AUTHENTIC Mediterranean and Middle Eastern food restaurants in the Detroit area, we know the good stuff when we taste it! And Eden's Grill is legit!! On the menu was Fattuchee salad, Falafal, vegetarian Domeh (stuffed grape leaves), Hummus, Tzatiki (cucumber/yogurt dip) & tender, savory Basmati rice with golden raisins. Everything was amazing and so fresh! Gotta love family-owned restaurants that do it right. Enjoy.
5	I have nothing bad to see here. Food is always delicious. Big portions. Quick service and easy take out. This place has become our go to for a lazy night at home. Highly recommend.The gyro meat is perfect.The lamb is delicious (get it medium rare).The humous is exactly what would would expect.Craving it now....
4	Love Eden's Grill.  Great basmati rice, all yellow which I'm hoping is ghee.  (unfortunately, I found out from the owner that it is saffron rice with "vegetable oil".  This usually means "soybean oil'.  Since soybean it probably the cheapest and worst oil to use (endrine disruptor), that really makes me not want to frequent the place that often.) The steak kabobs are awesome, seasoned with some herbs and not totally garlicy or spicy.  Very small place and hard to find in the corner of a shopping center (ACE Hardware) but well worth the trip.  The lunch portions are smaller and cheaper so get there before 4.  One day I was running really late and they had changed to dinner.  Wow, much bigger servings but of course, I ate it all!
4	Slightly overpriced, but very good food and very good service! They are really friendly there, and the food is delicious and fresh.
5	Eden's is a classic mom and pop American story. Immigrated from Iraq this family is born to make delicious food. The mom has a super secret recipe for rice which she will pass on to her children only through her will.  The sister is kind, warm and knowledgeable. The brother is the brains and the cool who does a great job. He's always creating new dishes to push your tastebuds. Very authentic food. Good food. Great people.
4	I have been here twice, the first time was for lunch and was definitely a 5 star experience. Howevaaa, the second time I came was with a date and was for dinner. This time we ordered a few different dishes and I came away rather unimpressed. The hummus had way too much tahani as it had a very strong peanut flavor. I was also not crazy about the chicken and rice dish my date ordered.Both times I had gyro meat and enjoyed it, but some of the other things changed, such as the service. Dinner service was not nearly as good, which I somewhat understand because there were so many more people, but if you want people to come back to your establishment, you gotta always have good help.
2	Good not great
4	Went for lunch and the service was great. We got the lunch specials and the food was delicious! Food came out fast. I will definitely go back.
5	Our go to middle eastern spot. Everything is delicious, especially the rice. The owners are friendly and accommodating. Highly recommend this place!
5	Just got back from lunch, and it was incredible!  The staff is so friendly and the food was excellent.  Chicken was so tender and tasty.  The salad, tomatoes & onions tasted very fresh. As always, edens grill will never disapoint.
1	This place is small and stifling,, dirty and little effort and thought about the customer experience ( decorations, lighting, hostess stand, signs,). I stood in the doorway Saturday night and waited for 7-10 minutes for someone to seat me or even make eye contact. No signs just be seated or wait to be seated ? Strange but I couldn't have just taken a table anyway, because the 3 or4 tables that were empty were still  dirty and unattended..  Not at all on the ball for sure! Good indication of the food servers and pace of service!! Overwhelmed and only seating for 30-35 people MAX.. Tables are on top of each other. So I walked back to rear counter , soda or serving station, I assume cashier ? and was approached by a lady and asked what I wanted? I said dinner and she replies me too !! I couldn't believe it !!!, I assume she is the owners wife? if so , I suggest telling your wife to stay home. , if she isn't I would TERM her., SHE IS COSTING YOU BUSINESS --- if you want to be a comedian get out the restaurant business.. NICE FIRST IMPRESSION ! --NOT At that point I knew this place is a disaster ( go with your gut) and she is not interested in quality customer service or friendly service. I despise shitty attitudes and unfriendly people AND dirty restaurants where  tables are empty and dirty and you have to sit next to them and eat your meal. Come on ,hire a damn busboy for $8 / hr ( I was one years ago), these high school kids want jobs to.. . This business thinks small and could care less about growing there business.  So I walked out and drove .5 miles to My Big Fat Greek restaurant ( old faithful) and had a excellent dinner once again, so much for trying something new! Don't waste your time or your money here!
4	I really liked this restaurant. It is a little pricey for lunch though. Gyro salad is huge and fantastic. Staff are very friendly.
5	This is a great and delicious resturant.  Nothing bad at all to say about it.  The portions are large and the place sis very welcoming.  It is our dinner plans when we have a low relaxing/lazy night.  Nora, one of the waitresses, always has a smile and a great attitude.  Also this is a family resturant.  The mother works in the back making all the delicious food that is served to you.  My favorite is the gyro pita, we are always impressed with the food and NEVER dissapointed.  Nora is the best and funniest waitress that I have ever seen.  And with her she has her sister who is helping carry out the buisness.  Eden's Grill is a small large portioned dinner served with a smile. You will never regret going their, at least I dont! Makesure to goto Eden's Grill!
5	Oh my gosh!! The food here is absolutely amazing!!  Customer service is fantastic felt like I was part of the family! I had the most amazing chicken,  cucumber dip was to die for. Food is fresh and huge portions. Told my husband I need to come here for my birthday. Very clean, cozy,  Very good place for a first date..... yes we will be back!! We live in Glendale for sure worth the drive.
4	This is a really nice Mom and Pop family owned restaurant with several Best of PHX awards. We have both been here several times and it is always really good. Mom does the cooking and her recipes are executed and seasoned to perfection.Located in a small strip mall next to the hardware store. This place is small but cozy and very simply decorated. They have an assortment of table sizes based on your group. The larger tables can easily accommodate those bigger family occasions.Normally come here for lunch and get one of the specials. The portions are large and the prices are reasonable. You can also request something off the dinner menu if you wish. This is a larger menu with items that are a little bit more fancy.My favorite so far is the Moroccan Chicken. She makes mine extra spicy and it is delicious. The Kebabs are also very good and the Salads are humongous. Mom's top secret Rice is so good that it just melts in your mouth. It is covered with toasted raisins and almonds and is at the top of my list to reproduce at home.Service is very friendly and helpful. You are always told to make yourself at home. They go out of there way to answer any of my questions or request.Food is always fresh and tasty and we always leave feeling full. Still have not had a chance to try out any of the many tasty desserts. Good reason to come back sooner than later. YUMMO!4.25 STARS
5	I can't believe I've never stopped in here to have lunch before. This restaurant is family owned, laid back, and the owner personally serves you. But let's talk about the food. I ordered the chicken pita for $7.95 and when my friend told me the portion was generous- she was not kidding!  We shared the entree and there was still enough left over for me to take home for another meal!  The chicken breast cubed were tender and full of flavor. Look at the photos- you will not be disappointed by the food served here. And the lunch specials come with a side salad and a drink. All for $7.95!  I will definitely be back again. And again and again!  Hidden gem!!!
4	We had gyros and fries that tasted great! Dinner was very expensive compared to the lunch prices, but the portion was large. I would recommend the yummy food, but go for lunch for the lower prices:-)
1	Although I love the food at Eden's Grill, I can't eat there any longer. Recently I met a friend there for a late lunch. We had just finished up and were deciding on desert when 3 women accompanied by three young children came in. The kids ran up and down the aisles yelling loudly.  None of the women made any attempt to control them.  When the kids started going in and out of the entrance door, the owner came out of the back and asked them to stop because the door was heavy and she didn't want them to catch their fingers - an injury that might make the restaurant liable.  Other than that, she stayed in the back rather than ask the women to control their children Those unruly kids ruined our lunch - which cost us around $40.  We couldn't even hear ourselves speaking and wound up leaving earlier than we would have otherwise. Obviously the owner cared enough to speak up when it concerned liability for her business but not when her customers were being inconvenienced.
5	Three of us had lunch there today and it was excellent! Norma helped us choose the meals and they were perfect! It is very convenient on Tatum and comfortable inside. She was very helpful and extremely pleasant. We felt like we knew her all our life. The dishes were filled to the edges and the food was tasty just spicy enough. Now that I think about today I can say the only thing that could have been a negative was that the pita bread was not warmed. I'm sure if I had asked Norma, she would have heated it for us. We are looking forward to our next lunch there.
5	I stand corrected! The folk I ate with the other day said that I was incorrect about the pita bread. It WAS warmed nicely. It was just that I had waited too long to take some. I had waited until after I ate my meal and they had taken it at the beginning. So my slice was cool. In any event, I was using the bread as a contrast to show how good the meal was and that the only thing I could think of out of everything was that the bread could have been warmed up.  I guess my critique was lost in translation! Sorry. Still an excellent place all around! We are looking forward to returning.
3	It seems that small, family-owned restaurants often have the best food. You want something authentic? Don't go to a chain. It is not, however, a rule, and a family-owned restaurant still needs to stand on its own merits.Eden's Grill Inn came up as one of the most highly rated lunch spots in the area, and I am always looking for good Mediterranean places, so I decided to stop in. The first thing I noticed is the paltry offering of lamb dishes on the menu. Besides the gyros, there is only a lamb kebab salad (but no lamb kebab offered as an entree). Shish kebab should be made out of lamb, not beef. This place is clearly catering to the Western palate.I had the gyros sandwich, which was enormous and came with fries.  I also had a lentil soup on the side, which was fantastic, and the highlight of the meal. It was the only part of the meal that reminded me of the real legit Lebanese food I so enjoy.The gyro sandwich, while humongous, had meat that was chopped ultra thin. This completely ruins it; it seems to dry the meat out (I couldn't finish the sandwich for lack of saliva) and makes it lose the wonderful texture that chunkier slices of gyro meat have. It really just had no substance.This place is certainly not bad, and it's a nice neighborhood spot. It just doesn't stand out from all the other Mediterranean places with the same beef and chicken offerings. Not when Saba's is just down the street.
5	The food is so good, the brother and sisters who run the restaurant are super nice, and you may need a wheel barrow to be rolled out in, as the amount of awesome food you get is enough for two meals, or one big appetite. A great place for a date or to bring the family.
4	Excellent food, the lamb & gyros were full of flavor.  Prices very reasonable. Nora, our server, was awesome!  We came here off yelp reviews and will certainly return.
5	Absolutely delicious food! My boyfriend and I went there in search of big plates with lots of flavor and this place exceeded our expectations. We both had the lamb and beef which was cooked to perfection and seasoned accordingly. We also shared the hummus as an appetizer; DO IT! We had leftovers for the next day which were just as good as the night before. I highly recommend Eden's Grill. Great food, great service.
4	The kind of place that Yelp was made for. The positive recommendations steered me to a strip mall that I would never think to visit.  I was rewarded with the best gyro lunch combo that $8 can buy.  It also had some of the best pita I've had.  It just takes a while to get to it because you will be mining a giant pile of tasty thinly shaved gyro meat to reach the bread.
5	The food here is really amazing! The number 9 with lamb and gyro is unreal! Huge portions too!
4	This may even supplant my old favorite, Fattoush for gyros and family style plates. Family owned, it will not take much before they great you the customer, like family.  The portions are extremely generous.  Most dishes are served with a rice pilaf which is studded with almonds and golden raisons.  The garlic dip (which you sometimes have to ask for if it doesn't come with your dish) is heavenly.  You will breath garlic for days but it is worth it.  The gyros are sliced very thin so you get to experience the flavor with a different texture than the type you usually get.  The shish kebabs are moist and have one of the best combinations of char to flavor.  It is next to Nee House (home of some of the best Chinese food in town).  So now it turns into a battle in the parking lot.  Chinese, or Kebab's tonight? Note:  The restaurant is very small.  I would not attempt anything larger than a group of four :)
5	Love! Love! Love this place. The dining room may not look like much but the food is incredible. Family owned with great service and huge portions of food. If you like Mediterranean food, stop in and try it. It will change your life.
5	Fabulous!  First time here and recommend to the restaurant from people who live in this area!  The Israeli salad was perfect and fresh!  The sampler platter was awesome!!!  Oh and the warmed baklava with honey and pistachios on too, to die for!  Will be back!
5	Went for lunch, had the gyro lunch special and it was delicious.  The meat was perfectly sliced and so flavorful.  I had the Greek salad for a side and it was perfectly dressed, had just the right amount of feta, the tomato was so red and fresh as if it had been picked that morning.  The gyro portions were huge - you could easily split it with someoneOur server was very attentive and very friendly.  Can't wait to go back for dinner.
5	We used to live within walking distance of Eden's. They have the most amazing  food, the Gyros are awesome and the rice is simply the best we have had anywhere. Saffron, nuts and raisins make the rice so amazingly tasty. A zero sum gain is when the whole is greater than the parts. This rice is just that a culinary tour de force... On Fridays & Saturdays you can sometimes order Osso Buco if you  get the opportunity you must try it. The rest of the menu is wonderful. Don't let the fact that it is in a strip mall stop you from checking out my all time favorite mediterranian food.
5	Fantastic, quality, homemade dishes!  Family owned and always consistently great food!  We go here at least once a week and we have tried all the other mediterranean restaurants in the valley, Eden's Grill is the best!  Plus supporting local businesses is always a plus and this place is worth it!!!
5	Our first time here and we will be back. I ordered the chicken and beef kabob with rice. My guy ordered the lamb with rice. We had FRESH made hummus! Everything was fresh and cooked to perfection! We finished with the lemon cake with raspberry sauce. It was light and fluffy. This is a family business and local! We try to support local any chance we get!!
3	Mom and I arrived to find EG bustling during lunch (it was around 1:15 pm).  There were around ten tables of different shapes and numbers of chairs.  Our server Noreen was amiable and eager.  She took our orders of water and left us to look at the menus.  I didn't find the lamb entree Mom mentioned, and when I asked Noreen about it, she said that while it was only on the dinner menu, she could get the kitchen to cook it.  Mom balked at the price ($18.95), so we stuck with the lunch menus.  She wanted to try the Gyros (#6), which came with "Mom's Rice with toasted raisins and almonds, grilled bell peppers, onions and tomatoes."  (No pic taken- sorry!)  The menu also mentioned that fries came with the order, but Mom's entree came without it.  I unfortunately did not know, or I would've asked Noreen about it.  I ordered the Chicken lunch combo, which was a chicken pita and choice of side (salad or fries) and beverage for $7.95, as well as Mom's Favorite Appetizer Platter ("tabula, falafal, and potato cake"), $13.95.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/edens-grill-inn-phoenix?select=brmcSOiLLJM3Girn0_3nXw#brmcSOiLLJM3Girn0_3nXwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/edens-grill-inn-phoenix?select=iP5cjNX1xAP9xQBZfa2RNQ#iP5cjNX1xAP9xQBZfa2RNQMom enjoyed her meal!  She ooh'ed and ahh'ed over the rice (which I tried in spite of a rice allergy, and yes it was good), as well as the pita that the lamb and beef slices were served on.  She preferred it over the standard pita that came with the appetizer plate.  When she mentioned to Noreen that her pita tasted better than the other pita we had on the table, Noreen kind of leaned in and said it was made in-house and that they cost a $1 a piece.  I asked Mom to break off a tiny piece, and sure enough, it felt different (thicker, more doughy, and a bit greasy) and tasted fresh from the fryer, making the store-bought pita seem like cardboard.  I didn't like the greasy aftertaste, though, but I did appreciate the flavor of butter in the beginning and the pita's textures.  I also enjoyed my chicken entree, which had juicy grilled chunks of chicken, strips of greens and tomato and onion slices (which I picked off before taking photos). http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/edens-grill-inn-phoenix?select=1o5oZXbNdAK7_YNDihQ0Vw#1o5oZXbNdAK7_YNDihQ0Vw  The "white sauce" was a nice accompaniment, although the chicken didn't need it.  Mom and I split the side salad- it was good, although I found the dressing to be too tart.  I enjoyed- tremendously, I might add- the potato cakes that came in the appetizer plate... Wow!  Am I glad I spotted that Yelper's tip to order them!  They're basically button-shaped croquettes filled with seasoned and juicy ground beef.  Definitely a must-try!  I also enjoyed the falafel, even if they were a bit on the dry side, and a bit harder-to-the-touch than other falafel balls I've tried.  The sauce it came with was too bitter.  The tabula was too tart!  I could only bear about three small forkfuls before walking to where Noreen was, standing behind a counter, to tell her about it, and that perhaps the kitchen should taste it and understand what I mean.  She offered to replace it with "homous," and I took her up on it. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/edens-grill-inn-phoenix?select=E5NYPbb9moOZyX2VMl9kpg#E5NYPbb9moOZyX2VMl9kpg  It had a pleasant mouth-feel, but again, I found it a bit sour.  Noreen later came back to say that the I was right- the tabula was very sour, that it needed more parsley, and to thanked me for letting them know.  Mom agreed with Su-Shien's review I read to her about size portions-- they were generous, and Mom likes generous servings, especially when they taste as good as her entree!  She wished she'd ask for more of the rice, instead of the homemade pita that we were sent home with, with an accompanying charge of $2.  I told her we could always go back for more...Last, but not least, we had some baklava, two pcs., $4.  Mom and I split one- it was perfect!  Loved the buttery, toasted, and flaky crust, and the rich, walnut filling.  It was so good that I could've eaten the second piece in a heartbeat, but also so satisfying that I didn't feel the need to overdo it.  A great way to end a good meal.I'd return back just to have more of those potato cakes! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/edens-grill-inn-phoenix?select=6RVy7cQMG8RVosc6PvM3fQ#6RVy7cQMG8RVosc6PvM3fQ
3	First Yelp's site did not allow me to check 5 stars so I checked 3a-ok which is not MY pick for a RATING it is 5 STARS!There are 3 GREAT/Authentic  Middle Eastern/Mediterranean restaurants in Phoniex area.Eden's is the Tatum & Thunderbird(intersection) North Phoenix one. The other 2 are Haj-Baba Tempe 1513 e Apache Blvd.,this is also a small family owned grocery store combo and the last one is Baiz Market, which is a big grocery store/ small restaurant combo,523 N 20th st Phoenix. But back to Eden's this North side GREAT restaurant. Yes it is small ,NOT STIFLING (quit the opposite mentioned by a DR ) with some sitting outside (when the weather is right) family BUSINESS. They have a VERY AUTHENTIC lunch and dinner menu, both great portions. The management is very POLITE and the kitchen being small delivers exceptional platings. Pay more for FOOD and not for circus's. If you really love HEALTHY Gastronomy this is one of your Stops for either lunch or dinner.
5	I love love their gyros. The lamb is the best by far.  I definitely would recommend this place.  The place is a small hole in the wall type of feel,  but food is amazing.
5	This is a great gem of a restaurant in a shopping mall.  It got high ratings on yelp and we were not disappointed.  My wife and I got the gyro sandwich lunch special with mom's rice and also an order of Israeli salad.Everything was delicious.  The sandwiches were heaping with meat and ingredients.  Mom's rice was awesome with a perfect blend of nuts, raisins and flavors.  The Israeli salad was fresh and delicious.My only regret is I had had my coffee before going there so I already had too much caffeine in me so I did not try the Turkish coffee.  Next time I will know better and will plan accordingly.
5	A tiny place in a nondescript strip mall. You wouldn't think to look twice at it but I tell ya...it's AMAZING! Hubby had the lamb special and I had the Moroccan chicken. Both were great but the Moroccan chicken was actually to die for! Portions are HUGE so expect to have leftovers the next day. (I believe it's $5 extra to split  something so just go with having leftovers you won't regret it) I'm not a leftover kinda girl but I hoarded these leftovers like you wouldn't believe. The owner is the cook and the daughter is the waitress. The sweetest women ever. The rest of the staff was fun too!  We had a party of 11 so it could have been a handful but they handled it well and made it fun!  Quick tip. ...the place is tiny so make a reservation if you have a large group. Our group of 11 took up half the restaurant.  :)
5	Best food and service in town, my family has been coming here for years now and we can never get enough it's the best food and service you'll find in a Mediterranean restaurant. The food is truly as authentic as can be and the atmosphere warm and cozy, they really know how to make you feel apart if the family. Definitely recommend this place anytime for any occasion.
2	I hate to give this place 2.5 stars. But I am. I believe half of the experience is the food, the other half is the service. The food is definitely 5 star quality, but the service is terrible. I've been here many times and have had some good service, but there are times when I get an extremely rude server/hostess. It's quite uncomfortable. I'd love to keep coming here for the amazing food, but not if the waitstaff treats their customers as if they are a total bother. I also really don't want to see any eye-rolling because our party of two hasn't decided on a meal after being seated for two seconds!  If you frequent here enough, you will witness this. No thanks.
4	First time here! Came her last Tuesday night and the waitress was very friendly. She made sure I like the food. I had the beef and lamb kebob combo.. very good! it was my first time having lamb and i prefered it over the beef kebab haha. The rice was good and the portion was a pretty good amount too. Would definitely come back if I am ever near by again! Not a five star cause I felt like she payed attention to the only other table that's was there and didn't come to my table that much til they had left but besides that everything was good! Would recommend this place!
5	I've been coming here for quite awhile now and was surprised by my review of this place. I love the family owned business. The mom and the brother is in the back as cooks, the older sister is the owner, and the younger sister is the hostess and waitress. They are all from Iraq and their food is all from the Middle East. I've notice they've upgraded their place. Walls painted, nice new floor, with nice new table tops. They got rid of those gaudy pink table clothes. I really like their decor. A lot better than before. We always order the potato cakes. It comes with three in an order, garnished with cucumbers, and tomato slices with a yogurt dipping sauce. It's so good. It's crispy on the outside with a meat filling on the inside. Put some of that yogurt sauce on it then I'm in heaven. To die for. Really like it as you can tell. Me an my wife always order one dish and we split. It enough for two people. I could probably eat a whole dish but would be totally stuffed but sharing is perfect. Today we had the chicken and lamb kebab. It comes on a bed of rice with golden raisins and almond slivers with grilled vegetable which included green peppers, tomatoes, and onions. Lamb was so tender and chicken was so moist. Really good. Loved it. They used to give even bigger portions with about two or three scoops more of rice but their portions are just perfect. One thing is their prices stayed the same with smaller portions. Doesn't matter to me cause it's still enough for two. Just love the grilled lamb and chicken. We've had their deserts before but not tonight even though they have some of the best deserts. They said they used to own a bakery back east and bake a lot of their deserts so if you have a chance try their deserts. You won't be disappointed. So this place is small with about 10 to 12 tables. Very busy on the weekends. Great food and friendly service. Sometime they can get busy and sometimes come off as not being as friendly but the service is good. So trust me. I love this place and will for sure be back. Enjoy.
5	Saw this place in KAET Channel 8 Check Please show. Wow. Best Mediterranean food I have enjoyed. We had the Adam and Eve chicken and beef kabobs with Saffron rice. Kabobs outstanding and the saffron rice is a must. Also had the Mediterranean catfish. I can't say enough about the catfish. This is a small hidden jewell. We are now regulars here. Another table had lamb shank that looked awesome.
4	GREAT!!! Mediteranean food.  Ambiance - simple, small, somewhat crowded with paper placemats - lowers rating of an otherwise exceptional dining experience.  Potato Cakes are a good appetizer with a great cucumber/yogurt sauce. Baba Ganoush was very good. Morrocan Chicken (spicy) was savory and truly a star of the evening. Don't let 'spicy' dissuade you - it really has very little heat.  My wife was very pleased with the Vegetarian Stew. The other three in our party had different kabob combinations: Adam & Eve, Chicken, and Beef & Lamb. All drew raves. All 5 dishes were generous portions with equally generous servings of flavorful rice - topped with raisins and almonds.
3	DELICIOUS FOOD. Amazing vegetarian dishes. The only problem is, the service is HORRIBLE. The owner is the rudest woman I have ever met. I have seen her yell "Get out, we're all full," while spinning her finger at a customer. She just told my Aunt to get out of her seat in a rude manner so she could push two tables together. She made us wait for a group to leave so we could use their two tables to sit at. They kept sitting their so finally ten minutes later she pushed tables together for us. F off lady
4	I appreciated the large windows and cushioned chairs.I also though the server was a bit rude when I asked if I should get the chicken wrap (gyro) or the falafel (gyro.)I thought she had an attitude when she answered that the chicken was different than falafel. (I knew that already. That was my way of asking what she recommended.) I got the chicken gyro with Greek salad. The spices on the salad and the dressing were fantastic. I ate Greek salads throughout Greece though and I was hoping for fresh tomatoes, kalamata olives and fresh greens and feta.Oh well. I'm not in Greece anymore.The spices on the chicken and the way it was cooked was phenomenal! The onion and tomatoes and yogurt sauce all combined in a delicious melody of flavors I've missed for a while now.The price of 8 dollars for lunch is great especially considering you can blow that on crap at Wendy's instead.I think if the salad had blown me away and the decor was updated a bit, I'd give more stars. Turns out, the server called me sweetie a few times so I guess I was wrong about feeling like she was rude. I'm coming back for lunch soon and can't wait to give more stars if they serve me a great falafel!
5	We've been to a string of mediocre places lately and this place hit the spot!  The portions are HUGE so it's a good idea to share. The potato cakes are superb. Hummous & babaganoush very tasty. We didn't know which one to choose so the waitress recommended half & half. Gyros come on a massive platter as well. The special for the night was Lamb Shanks with rice, raisins & almonds. It was so good!  Our 3 year old couldn't stop eating the rice!  We left stuffed and still had several to go boxes. The staff was friendly & accomodating. This is a small local eatery, make reservations if you want to eat in the evening at a certain time, it fills up fast.  Luckily we had arrived for a early dinner so they had room for our party of 6.  We'll be back to try other items on the menu and we will all be sharing next time!
3	We have eaten here twice prior to our last visit. Food is good and generous portions. However we stopped in one night 15 minutes before closing time and were turned away claiming the kitchen is closed already. Why would your kitchen close before the restaurant.
3	We have eaten here twice prior to our last visit. Food is good and generous portions. However we stopped in one night 15 minutes before closing time and were turned away claiming the kitchen is closed already. Why would your kitchen close before the restaurant....
5	AWESOME Food! First time tonight was take out and it was so good I wanted to drive back and give Mom a huge - that rice!
