3	Andiamo's is a pretty good option for those living around Hayden/Indian Bend or in McCormick Ranch that don't want to go far for a small Italian restaurant experience. I recommend the savory calamari as an appetizer, my daughter could live on them. The atmosphere is not much, but this is more for a quick and easy, fairly authentic, small family Italian experience.
4	just tried this almost 3yr old spot(who knew)  at Hayden and Indian Bend for lunch...it was really very good the food fresh and hot and full of flavor.  I spoke with the owner and she was very nice and I promised to return for dinner.  With so many chains in town give this locally owned spot a shot and post a review..
4	This is more like eating at your Italian Mother's house than dining at an Italian restaurant. The style of the food, atmosphere, and staff make for a relaxed experience. We tried the pasta fozool (bean soup), house salad, and the Lasagna with bolognese sauce - all were excellent. I really enjoyed myself and will definitely be back as this is less than a mile from home. I also noticed a couple people pop in, order to go, then sit at the bar with a glass of wine while waiting - good idea.
3	Clearly a family joint, I wanted to love it.  Painfully empty on a friday night.   Veal marsala was unfortunately quite bland, fiancee's penne al vodka was simple, garlicy, and yummy.We used a coupon, and so got a good deal, but I was surprised to have the wait staff decide to write in my tip for me.  I will not be back, but sounds like my fiancee might.  Worth a try, hopefully you have better luck!
4	Took the wife and kids, excellent pasta fagioli, cesar sald was fresh with just the right amount of dressing. I had the veal parm, wife and daughter had the chicken marsala, my son had pasta all were very good. The homemade marinara is awesome! Service is excellent. If you want a change from the chain restaurants try this family run jewel you won't be disappointed.
3	I work pretty close to this location and enjoy Italian food, so I thought I'd give this location a stab. Their site is nice, and you can figure out what you want before you step in.The food was good. Their calzone was quality, perhaps even among the best I've ever had. The taste and portions are the redeeming factor.The service, however, was fairly terrible. Perhaps it's because I went in at lunch busy hour. They weren't particularly friendly and the food took forever to get. I ended up having to shove it down my throat just so I could get back to work on time.
4	Came here last night, groupon in hand, not knowing what to expect after reading the varying reviews on yelp.I'm happy to say that I was very pleasantly surprised! I loved the pinot grigio that they serve by the glass, and the bruchette appetizer we split was fresh with great flavors. The basket of bread they provided was decent, but would have been a whole lot better warm.For dinner I had the Frutti del Mare pasta and JD had the chicken parmigiana. Mine was excellent! Tons of clams, muscles, scallops and shrimp sat atop perfectly cooked linguini noodles along with a spot-on marinara sauce. I cleaned my plate! JD was served a GYnormous slab of chicken parm accompanied by linguini with marinara. I had too much on my plate to try his but he assured me it was incredible after polishing it off. We were stuffed to the gills afterward and couldnt even think about dessert. All in all,  the service was very attentive (there were only 2 other tables there!) and the food was exceptional. I held off on the 5th star because of the strange odor of the place- especially the bathroom. JD thinks the smell is due to the Subway restaurant that is next door and he is probably right. That was the only thing that was kind of off-putting for me. Everything else was great!
3	I had only been to Andiamo once, a couple years ago and remember loving it.  When I had a groupon offer to go back, I was excited and all over it!  I brought a friend and my mom who both were so excited to try it due to my past review. The staff was great, the customer service they provided was above average.I wish I could say the same for the food.  Now, I have to say 1 of 3 of our entrees was great.  Maybe the other two were just poor choices. None the less, it was hard to call good.   One of the entrees was a "specialty veal " that had a lemon based sauce.  I LOVE lemon, and this was just way too much lemon.  Not to mention it was served with a side of pasta with Marinara...the two sauces were mixing into each other due to being on the same plate.  Not a good mix.  My Vodka  sauce had too large of chunks of garlic, and even upon leaving I felt like you could smell my breath from 2 feet away. Garlic is about all I could taste. I am willing to give it another go one day, when I have extra cash I want to gamble with...I am all for locally owned, family run businesses, but they need to get a better chef!P.S. Entree's average about $15-20 a plate, but don't come with a side salad or soup, so be prepared for spending extra!
5	One of the best, friendliest, freshest, family type Italian dining in the Scottsdale area! Great imported wines and a true Italian flair.  A must try!Pasta & seafood prepared in the true Italian style as only an Italian owner can do!  Straight from the old country Joey & Najia will take great care of you - even the accent tells the tale.
1	We went there a couple of days ago because we had a Groupon, and we wanted to try it.The restaurant is owned by a family of Italian descent, and the decorations reminded me of an old restaurant in Venice: old and somewhat kitsch. There were a lot of old couples there when we dined, not exactly the best fit for someone in their 20's.I ordered the Chicken Andiamo, which is nothing more than chicken Parmesan with blue cheese and a couple of tiny pieces of prosciutto. The chicken was tender and it tasted fine, nothing spectacular, but I think I would have enjoyed one of their pasta dishes better. We asked for our check, which turned out to be $4.67 after the Groupon was applied. I handed my card (we had no cash on us) and the lady (the owner) told us she doesn't take cards for under $5. I asked her to run it for $5 and she turned into a bitter, angry woman, telling us how she'd have to pay more taxes on that and she can't run it. She left our table, only to return a few minutes later and see if we magically found some cash to pay her instead. I handed my card again, asking her to run it for more than the original amount, and she snatched the bill saying "I can't afford to lose any more money than I already am". Obviously, she did not see the value of the Groupon, if she feels she is losing money by having new customers come in as a result of it. In our case, she sure lost money - she convinced us to never go back there again.To summarize:Food - 6/10Service - 1/10Ambiance - 6/10Location - 5/10Not going back.
1	Almost as good as Fazoli's, only without free breadsticks and 5x the price. QUITE disappointing.
1	This is a review about how when dining at a restaurant customer service is as important as the food itself. A.L. and I are big fans of Groupon because as consumers it is a great way to learn about restaurants and new places, and it allows businesses to market themselves to a new demographic. I had the chicken carbonara and a glass of Pinot. They were both good, but as A.L. mentioned when it came time to pay the bill, the owner gave us grief about using the card because "the fees cost too much." First of all, typical card fees are about .45 cents and 2-3%, so the fees for this charge were at most one dollar. What she was really upset about was not the paying with a card, but that we didn't spend substantially more than the $40 Groupon, and in her mind she wasn't able to recoup the $20 Groupon credit. That is why when we told her to run the bill for more the $5 she continued to tell us she was losing money. Although we were affronted by her comments, we just wanted to make her happy, pay our bill, and leave a tip. Despite what Old-Man-River-Roland says about cash the point is that the Groupon is meant for her to market her business, provide superior service, and hope for repeat customers. That is when they make their money! I'm sure others have had fine dining experiences and it is very possible that the owners learned from their terrible mistake and have since changed their expectations for Groupon customers. You do not call out a first-time customer for paying with cash. EVER. I don't care how much the bill is or is not. No business should make a customer guilty for not having the $15 needed to pay the bill.
1	I could go on and on and on, but let's just cut to the chase: this place is horrible.  I don't think you could pay me to imagine a less-enjoyable dining experience.Even though half the tables were empty, we were asked to wait at the bar.  Not a bad idea, who minds a drink before dinner?  Well, when you think "bar," think the breakfast bar at you grandma's condo.  Maybe one or two extra tacky, awkward-backed bar stools.  I couldn't count 10 bottles of liquor, and I think they went into the kitchen to get my beer (eventually).Service?  It didn't exist.  We literally had to grab them (physically) when it was time to take our order (ok, time had come and gone, but we grabbed them eventually).  Forget about water, more bread, etc.I think my favorite part of the meal was the all-out yelling match the owner got into with a customer.  I believe he used the "F-" word when conveying his disappointment with the fact that they'd been waiting over an hour for their food.  OK, so you leave that language outside, but everyone in the restaurant was feeling his pain.  And I never think it's okay to argue with a customer, but this woman was more than arguing - she was making a point for the entire dining room to hear.The food?  Overpriced and way underwhelming.  I paid about $17 for what was essentially a plate of spaghetti, butter, and some zucchini.  No flavor, no pizzaz.  I was entertained enough by overloading it with the pepper I found on the table, pretending it was a garnish.So the meal sucked, the service sucked, the ambiance missed the opening of this place.  The good news is the owner gave us a business card, wrote 20% off on it, and said she was sorry for yelling and we should come back.  I'm an honest person, but I took this opportunity to lie and tell her we would.
2	Ok, so I went to Andiamo Bistro because of the groupon and I can honestly say that I would never go back.  First of all, the place needs to be updated badly.  The seating and tables were fine, but the white paint on the walls was dirty and the shelving around the bar was disgusting.  I paid $20 for a $40 groupon.  We asked for prosecco off of the menu and they were out of it.  We then asked for 2 diet cokes and received 2 cans on the table.  We were surprised by that.  I ordered the veal picatta and my friend ordered the chicken marsala.  The dinner came and there was two small extremely rubbery pieces of meat and a small bit of pasta with very little sauce on top.  Normally veal is cut very easily, but I was barely able to cut mine with a knife.  The marinara sauce on the pasta was bland and tasted like it was from a jar.  My friend felt the same way with her chicken.  The portions were extremely small.  The check came - 2 diet sodas, one chicken and one veal was $43.00.  Extremely overpriced for the quality of food.  We had no problem forking over the groupon and I was very glad that I only paid $20 for it. It was worth $20, no where close to $40.  Dont even waste your money at this place.
1	Not much to say.No one in the group enjoyed the meal...the cheese and sauces were off. Service was poor.
5	Great food and ambiance. The chicken parmesan and meat balls are amazing. I will definitely be a regular.
2	Meh
2	Stale bread, water glass unrefilled.  Stuffed mushrooms undistinguished.  Bolognese spagetti sauce with no depth.  Portions large.  No reason to go back.
1	Went here tonight on a date night but where to begin. Wait, wait, wait was the theme.  Finally took our drink order. No beer!Bread was cold and cheap tasting-took forever to take our order- Never offered us water- Food was bland and way below par for Scottsdale Italian- Took over two hours to get through the whole ordeal- Would not recommend-  There was only two other tables in there as well. Sorry- they just did not try-
