5	After less than stellar experiences at La Maison and Ladlow's I turned to head home, but seeing the sign for Arizona Leather I decided to stop in.  Little did I know I'd be the proud owner of a couch that should theoretically last me a lifetime little more than an hour later.  Never a fan of 'high pressure' commission salespersons I could not have been happier than I was working with Caryle to pick out an ideal couch for my new home and with everything in the store made here in the US with 100% whole grain leather I know what I'm getting is quality.  Made and stitched to order with a choice of 6 leather types and a great sale ongoing I admittedly spent more than I'd originally expected, but with a lifetime warranty and 25 years in the business I consider this one an investment in myself.  The difficulty now will be buying cheaper chairs and/or accents when I own such a stellar centerpiece to my new living space.  Highly recommended.
5	Drifted into this store while on my long search for a leather couch to fill my living room. I had visited several different furniture stores only to be disappointed by the selection or feeling harassed by the sales reps. So happy I stopped here-- the selection was great, items in many different styles and leather types. Bonus, the prices are fair and the staff super helpful without being pushy.
1	Be careful of this company!  I assure you the customer service you will receive in the store will be great, but that is where it will end.  If you have any warranty issues in the future they will put all the blame on you for everything!  I purchased furniture from them this summer and have had a couple of warranty issues come up.  The owner, Jim, told me that even though I bought the furniture in his store, credit card paid his company, that it wasn't their company's furniture and will not honor ANY warranty at all.  He told me that my furniture has no AZ Leather warranty, no manufacturers warranty--NOTHING.  He even went as far as telling me that I essentially have damaged goods and have to deal with it.Look at the reviews from other customers in California and you will begin to notice a pattern with these guys.Buyer beware!
4	I do not have the benefit of years with my sofas but I can tell you that upon arrival I could not be more happy.  Sales process was enjoyable with great service in the store, selecting the leather, nail heads, legs, and cushion styles.  This is exactly what we were looking for.  We ended up spending more than I initially set out to but I think the additional cost is well worth it.  I am confident that with proper care these couches will last for as long as we like them.  We did a die lot approval and judging from the sample leather used on our couches these should last for a very long time.  Delivery was painless and delivery crew was professional.  They have a CC machine and you will pay the balance owed on your sofas with them, a surprise to me but it was easy.  This would be why I did not give a 5 star review, sales process very smooth, happy to take a down payment (significant), but then they go more or less silent.  There are very limited attempts to follow up during the time you are waiting for delivery.  That being said sofas were delivered within the 8 week time frame as promised, however, with thousands of dollars hanging out there a little more follow up would have been appreciated.  Very happy on our sofas at this point they look great as shown in attached picture.
1	We bought a very expensive couch and recliner. Was supposed to be top grain leather. We had nothing but problems right from the start. There were small cuts in the leather and the seat cushions are destroyed already. the quality is absolutely horrible and the customer service is worse than that. They blamed us for everything and there is no recourse for the cushions. We will never buy anything from them again.
5	Haven't bought yet from this particular location but I have looked and will probably buy another arizona leather sofa soon. My current one is 10 years old. It's a recliner sofa with matching recliner chair. It looks almost brand new and since you can stuff all of the cushions over time it will always look that way not broken down like other sofas after 10 years.  The only reason we are thinking of a new is because I was never crazy @ the recliner style and have always wanted a sectional.  Well it seems if I wait until this sofa falls apart I will never get my sectional! I have a long list of people that want my current sofa. One word of advice go with the less expensive leather it actually holds up better to wear and tear. The super expensive leathers aren't treated are more natural and show age just like a real cow hide!
