5	Since Vegas is only four hours away from Riverside, it was the default vacation for my family. However, not being of legal age to drink, gamble, or smoke, Vegas was not so much fun as a kid. Dad: I think we're going to go Boston for Christmas.Me: Cool!(weeks pass...my dad hasn't really planned anything)Dad: Uh, how about we do Vegas?Me: Again?!On one of these many trips to Vegas, my parents decided to drive off the Strip. They wanted to get dim sum. What? There's dim sum in Vegas? Are my parents taking the oh so bountiful meth that's produced in the Inland Empire?But if you drive 15-20 minutes away from the Strip, there's a Chinese strip mall, complete with its own 99 Ranch. Where the Chinese are, 99 Ranch will follow.
1	This 99 Ranch sucks.I first discovered the 99 Ranch chain in 1995 when I lived in Southern California.  99 Ranch became my place for all my Asian grocery needs, and when they started showing up in Northern California, I was a fan of theirs up there too.  Moving to Las Vegas, I assumed 99 Ranch would be my place to shop.  Well, this location is a dump!  It's super packed in here, and not necessarily with people, but with boxes and cans in the aisles.  Customer service is practically non-existent at this location.  When I needed assistance, they were less than helpful.  One night, they were hollering at us to go to the registers and pay for our groceries as they were closing.  (I looked at my phone and it was only 8:45 pm!)  The manager practically blocked us off and said we had to pay for our stuff now because they were closed.  They also covered up all the vegetables before closing so you couldn't even look at their produce.  When we went to the meat department. the guy working back there was too lazy to cut a piece of meat for us.  He said we had to buy it as is!  (We think it's because he didn't want to rewash his knife and stuff again.)  I asked him to weigh some ground pork first so I could determine if I wanted more, and he said what he hand in his hand was half a pound.  (It was actually less and I would have bought more if he wasn't rushing us out.)  And also, I'm not so sure it even looks clean back there!  I was worried that I would get sick from the meat I bought here! As a result, I refuse to shop here!  I'll pick SF Supermarket or Diho Supermarket any day over this dump!  99 Ranch chain should be embarrassed by this location.  It reflects the 99 Ranch name badly and the only reason they remain in business is because of their reputation and their location.
3	Yea when I lived in Gardena, we had one of dem der 99 Ranch Markets that was "American sized". The one here is Asian sized. The aisles are so small. I feel so clumsy. Also it just seems so dirty being in there. The smell dried fish and GOD knows what ungodly stenches. It does simulate the epitamy of China. Packed. Overcrowded, with stragglers of lost white folk! Eh. It's an ok market. But be prepared to fight a war!
2	Yes, I'm on vacation, so why am I going to a Ranch 99 Market? Good question. Hubby wanted to go there to buy something so we all went in there. God this is one of the worst Ranch 99 markets I've ever been to. It's soooooooooo ghetto. It is dirty and small and smells (lil guy says all Ranch 99 smells) worse than any other I've ever been to.The aisles are just so congested and nothing is arranged neatly. I felt like I was in Asia all over again in a 3rd world country market. The only reason I gave them 2 stars was because their large bottles of Evian was really cheap and I got some of those for the room. Other than that, ugh, doubt I'll ever come back to this place again. There are 2 other Asian markets just a little ways down the road. I'll check those out next time.
3	As a budding raw foodist I visited 99Ranch because I'd heard that it's one of those Asian import stores that sell fresh produce at prices better than you find at the average supermarket. This is indeed the case- for the most part. I love young Thai coconuts, and have seen them for 99 cents when Whole Foods is selling them for $2.00.  I buy them by the case from 99Ranch now! I've also bought lettuce, green onions and other vegetables for not much more than half the price that I've seen them at Smith's or Albertson's near my home.    They have a great selection of foods many non-Asians don't usually eat. They also have foods you may barely recognize but might not be sure of because of the Chinese names (like gobo instead of burdock root).  I've never had any problem with the quality or quantity of the foods I've bought there, except I will say that I refuse to pay $10 for a tiny package of durian fruit!The cashiers are friendly and there is plenty of parking.  The store gets VERY crowded with its tiny aisles and lots of patrons, and you may very well get pushed by nice looking older ladies, but stand your ground and smile!  This is no place to linger.
3	I haven't been to any of the other Chinese supermarkets in Las Vegas, yet, but I agree that the place seemed dirty.  On the other hand, there were two guys constantly pushing brooms and trying to keep up with the dirt, plus half a dozen guys restocking the shelves and the produce section, so keeping the place spotless may be an impossible task given the number of shoppers and the amount of stuff sold.  If it had been just as dirty and I hadn't seen the broom-drivers, I'd definitely condemn it as "just dirty".No matter--I got everything I wanted to get (I buy meat and fish closer to my apartment), and didn't buy a lot of things because they would have gone bad before I could eat them all.The place stunk, too, but that was from the fresh Durians right as I walked in the door, so I can't hold that against them, either.The store was congested, with close, high, packed aisles, but I managed to find everything I wanted by the second go-round (except for dried scallops and DRIED chinese sausage, and they didn't have any of those).  I also found lots of stuff to buy that wasn't on my list.  Overall, it was still a huge improvement over the largest Asian stores in Reno, and nothing was dusty or shopworn.All in all, I had a great time, never noticed any rude service, but then, I didn't buy anything that required service (like meat or seafood).  I'm probably prejudiced in favor of the store because I was just so thrilled to shop in a "real" Asian market with fresh produce and a huge selection.
1	I think Asians have a built-in GPS for 99 Ranch Markets. My aunt and uncle knew about this place from the last time they visited LV and since we needed fruits and water to counterbalance all the oil that we've ingest the last couple days that lubricated our organs. Is the store extra smelly, dirty, crowded, and cramped aisle to simulate a third world country LV experience? Awesome.
2	Eww this 99 Ranch is the oldest-looking, smallest-feeling, and nastiest-smelling 99 Ranch I've ever been to. And I'm a southern Californian Asian - I've been to my share of 99 Ranches.First of all. THERE IS NO BAKERY. Where are the good people of Las Vegas supposed to get their cha shao baos and man tous?! I guess you could go to the bakery on the other side of the shopping center, but that defeats the purpose of one-stop shopping.When it gets crowded, you have to claw your way to reach the meat and fish stations. And good luck if you don't speak Spanish. You can move up to the front of the line si habla espanol, but a lot of the employees don't speak Chinese. And if you've heard your fob grandma try to bust her English, you can just imagine the screaming mess that is the fish station.
2	I often eat at the Sam Woo next door.  This Sam Woo has no liquor license so it's BYOB over there, so the waiters there actually suggest you go to 99 Ranch.Outside of picking up a pack of Tsingtao to enhance my meal at Sam Woo, I'd never go back to this dump...This 99 Ranch stinks like moldy durian!!  Then, it looks as bad as it smells.  It's funny, if you read the other reviews for this market, they all say the same...It stinks, it's dirty, it's small and most importantly, it's like NO 99 Ranch I've ever been to.  The reason is, it's NOT A REAL 99 RANCH!!  It's not OWNED or operated by TAWA, the company that owns the 99 Ranch Supermarkets in CA, WA, etc and T&T Supermarkets in Canada.  This Las Vegas market is a licensee, so it's not at all what you're used to...Bu Hau...
2	Not my choice to go to usually. I dislike the service and selection here. Seems like the quality and service has gone down over the years.
1	this 99 ranch is so tiny, dirty and stinky. there were boxes around the aisles, which made it hard to walk around. i could careless about the customer service, since that in asian stores pretty much doesn't exist. however, i need to have one or the other. you either offer great selections and great shopping environment, or offer great customer service. this place failed at both.
1	99 Ranch was the go to Asian grocery store in Northern and Southern California.  When I first moved out here I was glad to see the familiar signage in Las Vegas's Chinatown.However, once I walked in and saw how dirty it is plus the poor quality of their produce, I was really shocked and disappointed.I asked my culinary school classmates if the quality of this supermarket has recently gone down hill, but they told me that it has been like that for years.  Unbelievable!  I am not sure how they stay open, or why their corporate would not step in and clean it up (the store and its current management and crew).Anyway, I am glad that the Korean supermarket (Greenland further West on Spring Mountain) is finally opened.  That place thus far has way better prices, better quality produces, and the competition has helped lower the price in other Asian grocery stores too.If you can avoid it, don't shop at this filthy and often smelly 99 Ranch.
4	If you need Asian ingredients, this is one of the places to shop at.  I am not giving it 4/5 stars for the products they sell, but for their fish counter.  I had no idea that you could pick a fish and have them prepare and cook it the way you want.  I went there to find parrot fish (I believe it's called Goby in the states) to cook for dinner, but then I saw the sign that gave you option on how you wanted it cut, cleaned and cooked.  I choose the biggest one to be cleaned, left whole, and deep fried extra crispy (just like we did back home after catching a few).It was fantastic!  Wrapped in parchment to soak up excess oil and wrapped tightly in foil to take home, I had a great lunch thanks to their fish counter.  I will definitely go there just to get a meal again and again.  Love it!
1	Disappointing.I was spoiled with the Rowland Heights (its in California) location growing up and the San Diego location. Both are clean and big stores with very nice offerings and plenty of fun prep foods like a take-out, bakeries and eateries outside the market. Here there's barely enough space to house this market. The aisles are barely good enough for carts to squeeze through and give a icky kinda feeling closed in among a mess. Cleanliness- I can forgive a little smell afterall Asian markets have open fish market area and some Asian produce give off funky smells....this place reeks though! They definitely don't clean regularly/thoroughly enough to keep the smell at bay nor keep products neat and clean. Some of the fish and meat didn't look good. I wanted to do a fish fry but if they can't keep the store clean- I wonder what the fryers look like so I skipped out after browsing the store.  Even if there's some decent stuff here- this is very off putting to come if I can get it elsewhere.I even gave it another chance- came back other occasions earlier in the day thinking it might be in a better state, but I guess if it's dirty at night its because it was dirty to begin with. I'll go up the street to SF, 168/Diho, Greenland, International Market for my needs.
4	All your asian food needs in Vegas. In Chinatown 1 mile from the strip off Spring Mountain, you can find every asian seafood, cookie, veggie, and delicacy here. We were lucky to come on a day where they had ice cream samples too. Check out the specials for great discounts. Just don't get the American goods as they are marked up for import.
3	i don't typically write reviews on grocery stores, but i have to say, this is the nicest 99 ranch market i have ever stepped foot in. it is smaller than the 99 ranch markets in the bay area, but the organization, the cleanliness, and hard to find asian ingredients are all there.
2	This Ranch 99 is a little creepy. Somewhat dirty with a distinct odor. The prices are better than other locations I've been to but I'd rather fork out a few more bucks a trip for a better shopping experience.
3	I haven't reviewed this store, but my first few experiences weren't great, but not bad. Over time, this store has seen a remodel, better cash registers, and more staff.The store has pretty much anything you would want from an Asian grocery store. The produce is quite good and full of the exotics. The fresh seafood is awesome. Buy a couple live crabs!! Or a live fish. The people who work in the seafood section can help you with anything. They'll clean, scale, cut. It's great.The frozen foods section is my favorite part because of all the different kinds of dumplings, soups, etc.It's still a bit stuffy, and not as clean as Greenland Market.But this is still a good spot to find your Asian stuff.
4	Funny story, we came here, and my boyfriend wanted to pick up some Vick's for me, and he asked the cashier: "Do you have Vick's?"And the cashier said: "Vic??!!"Hahahahahahahahahahahaha! This place is super Asian, there are Asian people who work there, and of course Asian people who shop there! This place is pretty good for people who are looking for Asian food.
2	I hate when i walk into this place and feel all the clutter of the registers and people walking out.  They really need a 2nd door to enter through because it's just weird w/out one.  There really isn't a walkway to enter the store.. it feels like your walking through the register aisles to get inside..weird right?  otherwise... i find everything i need here when it comes to asian food.  the meats are cheaper then most stores.. the vegetables pretty fresh.  it's not a bad place to shop.. .yet, still a little out of my way.  overall just feels cluttered!  maybe more lights?  i know it went through some renovations,  i think it needs just a  tad more.
3	Thought I hit the jackpot when I found this store. When I'm traveling I like to grab some snacks for the hotel room. Upon entering the store I went straight to the boxed drinks hoping to get a 6-pack of Vitasoy and it was expensive almost $4 which I pay only $2.50 in the Bay Area. I checked out the snacks and they were also marked up. I understand that I'm out in the middle of nowhere in the desert and these things will cost me. Even the bottle water was more expensive than Walmart, Safeway, Vons, etc. They have a decent selection if you're really in a bind for Asian snacks/drinks or food in general. The store is nicely lit, air conditioned, and organized.
4	If you are looking for an Asian grocery store, then there you go.  This place is as Asian as it can get.  From the fresh produce to the meats and seafood, this place just oozes Asian cuisine.  I also like that they carry specialties from the Philippines like lumpia, Magnolia ice cream, and other Filipino staples.  Their prices are very reasonable too.  With the produce I bought there, other places would have cost me twice the amount.  I have to say, this is a nice place to shop when you are in the mood for Asian cuisine at home.  The only gripe I have it's a bit dirty and somewhat smells.  But if you have been to other Asian grocery stores, you should be used to it.
4	Many Asian products, popular items, beverages, herbal products, medicinal products, fruits and vegetables, fresh oysters, seafood, meats, vegan products, and teas can be found here. Great place to buy brown rice, oysters, fish or seafood from. Yellowtail and Salmon are my favorites...although most of the fish are non-odoriferous,nice, taut, fresh and in good state of color. Request the fish to get it cleaned and cooked in the fryer in medium or well-done crispy as preferred, all at a great convenience and affordability at no extra charge. I like it that it saves me from cooking and cleaning the fish at home, especially when all I want to do is just get eating.
4	Yes! They have one in Vegas. Load up here! $29 for Grey Goose and about $50 for Patron. Just beware. It's a pain trying to get a cab out here. Even when we called for one, it never came.
4	I used to go here a lot but now there are more options all over the city. The filled parking lot is still evidence that this store is still going strong though. I used to get this canned thai tea (was hard to find at the time), coconut juice (buko), baked goods (Filipino & Chinese), ice cream (Filipino ice cream like makapuno and mango) and green tea (good quality but inexpensive). The prices were pretty good. It was always so busy whenever I went there. I find myself wanting to make a trip over there since I need a box of green tea.
3	Located in what Las Vegas calls "China Town" another Asian Market that makes me claustrophobic! I understand that us Asians are, for the most part, small, but do the stores have to reflect that?! Goodness. There's a bit more of a selection here than 168 but nothing really compares to Seafood City, this is the spot to visit if I don't want to drive another 15-25 mins (depending on traffic) to Seafood City.
3	Only reason I liked coming here as a kid was to go to the seafood section and mess with the live crabs. I get them tongs and just mess with them. cruel, yes. fun? what else was there for a kid to do in a store
3	Ever since my cousin and I tried Monta Noodle House I've fallen in love with Ramen all over again.  It's definitely not healthy to eat on a regular basis especially if I ate the one's with sodium of over 1000mg.  Yup yup, a heart attack awaits if I did that.  But, because of the love I have for Ramen, I've decided to go to Chinatown and find some really good Ramen Brands.  First I went to SF Market but they didn't have what I wanted.  After driving a couple more blocks, I ended up here.Walking in I the smell of fish and all other products just overpowered my nostrils.  I figure this is just how it is in any Asian markets.  So, I just ignored it.  If you can't ignore this odor, don't bother coming in here.  Have someone who loves you very much do the shopping for you.  Anyway, the aisles were decent and found it very easy to find what I was looking for.  Looking at the vegetables, the price is definitely unbeatable compared to buying in a supermarket chain.  I think the difference is that the consumer will just have to do extra cleaning with the vegetables when they get home because it's not as scrubbed clean.  Along with the vegetables and fruits, meats are also very inexpensive and affordable.  I didn't buy any but I'm always comparing.  My goal was to find Ramen and found it very easily.  Despite the strong odor of fish, it's a good Asian Market and would come back for my Asian needs.  Oh, and they have Milo!  I don't understand why Albertson's and Smith's don't have Milo.  Oh well, one more reason to come here.
3	I just got the Momofuku cookbook and was anxious to try the recipes. I decided to go for the first recipe, ramen. Now this is not 3 minute ramen. This is more like 3 day ramen. There were about 8 recipes I had to make between the stock, sides, and sauces. Some of the ingredients I needed included pork neck bones, pork belly, konbu, and fresh ramen noodles, none of which I have seen at my local Albertson's. So I decided to venture over to 99 Ranch Market. They had everything I needed. This is definitely a great place to go if you need authentic Asian ingredients. If you want typical American groceries, not so much.
5	Just plain awesome!!!  Ranch 99 that's close by the strip.  Love going there to pick up snacks and drink for the hotel room while we're in Vegas.  Good way to save a few bucks instead of buying over priced things from the hotel gift shops.
3	99 Ranch Market was one of the first big Asian supermarkets to grace Las Vegas. Over the years, it became run down and dirty, but they recently went through a renovation that has rendered them sparkling new again. It just doesn't seem right for an Asian supermarket to be clean does it? For the most part you can get a majority of your necessities here, but produce quality and prices are better at the Vietnamese (near the Pho So 1), International Market, or the one in the Suiseki shopping center. Frugality and high expectations are traits that have been instilled in me from a young age. I will not hesitate to hit up multiple grocery stores in one day just to get the best items and deals. Ranch 99 is more of a convenient place, but head down the street for better grocery stores. There are plenty of them.
3	Actually, this was the first real asian supermarket to come over from Cali.  Before the makeover (it's more like Vons now), it was cheaper and you could find more stuff.  Now, after spending a ton of money on making themselves look high class, they've cut back on staff, raised the prices, and sell less items (due to not having enough space now since they built all these little fancy produce holders and displays).  The veggies here used to be abundant in types but they were cheap.  Of course, if you didn't mind the occasional bug still crawling in them, it was fine.  The 99 here does not have a deli either, something which I like seeing in Cali.But for most asian bottled or canned items, they have it here.  But why go here when there are 2 SF markets are here?Don't bother making small talk with the checkout people. I hate to marry one of them, unless you are practicing to be a mute.
3	This was the first Asian supermarket in Las Vegas, and it seemed great when I first saw it in those days.  Now it just seems small and on the expensive side compared to the other places hereabouts.   We spent today checking out the ethnic supers in this part of town, and while I'd love to have "99" up where I live in Southern Oregon, down here I found other places I'd be more likely to shop.
3	Went here looking for Chinatown as when I was on the freeway entering Las Vegas, saw the sign but it was difficult to find. Did find this complex of stores and shops and entered...  everything in Vegas is expensive with highly-inflated prices, so it was good to see a store somewhere with regular prices. Picked up some drinks and munchies to snack on while driving around enroute the Red Rock Canyon. A good place to go if you need munchies/drinks/etc at a reasonable price!
2	I have to piggyback Judd's review and add my piece. I'll give it 2-stars because they filled the missing gap when we moved here in '94. Agreed that this store is nothing like what we are used to in LA. Perhaps they need to modernize and move to a new location to include a bakery and take-out.
2	I come to this supermarket very often. I do not come here for pleasure, but for necessity. I am Asian and I cannot find certain fruits, vegetables, or other indigenous Asian foods anywhere else. First off, the rancid smells in the market consume every nostril that passes the meat and seafood sections. The meat section is the worst. It is understandable that their meats are unique from American markets, but is hard to bear the stench. I must agree with the parking issues. I hate to stereotype but these Asians really do suck at driving. Believe it or not, there actually is a reasoning behind this. Since most of these Asians are from their original countries with terrible traffic flow and minimal traffic rules and regulations, they have learned to adapt to those conditions and have brought them to the States. I've been to Asia, trust me, the traffic is baaaddd and it is survival of the fittest over there.
4	R-99 does Asian food very well. Its a bit of a mystery sometimes as it is a Chinese store so signage and stuff can be a little spooky for non-Chinese readers. However, the food there is great. Fruit and Veggies are an excellent value and you get some farm fresh stuff. Its not as good as my old R-99 in Seattle but its the best Asian food store I have seen in Vegas so far.
2	For an Asian supermarket, it's overpriced.  Sriracha chili sauce, large size (28 oz) is $3.99 here but at SF Supermarket (on Spring Mountain @ Decatur) it's only $2.79.99 Ranch Market is conveniently located within Chinatown Plaza but I think they rely too much on their name recognition over keeping prices low.
3	This supermarket  is located in Chinatown, quite close to some Chinese restaurants, which is very conviennient. You can Asian foods and grocery here. Unlike other Chinese markets, this shop has some non-Chinese cashier, and that helps to explain the diversity of its customers.
3	99 Ranch Market has come far from what it used to look like but its still probably my least favorite but I give them an A-ok for effort.Parking lot: Small, with a lot of bumps, people crossing constantly not caring for cars, crazy Asian drivers. Price: I find this Asian market more pricy than the other markets. Maybe its just me but little things like soy sauce seem to be more pricy than even your local Smiths storesVariety: Mostly Chinese, it is located in China Town plaza. I like their seafood variety even though Seafood city has a better selection. When ever I don't want to make the trip down to sea food city 99 ranch market gets the job done. Customer Service: I'm pretty nice, I usually say hello & have a small conversation usually with the cashier. But man the cashiers here are cold, its like they don't even acknowledge your hello.
2	Super sad that there is no bakery or roasted duck inside this Ranch 99 location. :( Everything here is WAY overpriced and nothing is sold in bulk here.
2	Infuriating but sometimes necessary... Every once in a while I'll find something that I can't find elsewhere but... I usually avoid it if I can. I'll pop in if I'm in the area but that's about it... I prefer 168 if I need any Asian goodies...
2	Dirty, crowded, loud, unwelcoming. That about sums up what I think of this 99 Ranch Market. I definitely agree with Tony T. that the 99 Ranch Markets in Southern California offer a completely different shopping experience. This location has very poor customer service. It seems like they have a lot of employees, but not a single one ever talks to me or tries to help out at all. On a couple different occasions, I've had to carry down a large bag of rice by myself because no one would help me. On top of that, the prices aren't the cheapest, but I think many people don't know about other Asian groceries in town, so they just rely on this one. The place isn't necessarily a mess, but it's definitely dirty and I never see anyone cleaning the floors or anything. I'd like to say I'll never come here again, but I know I probably will.
4	This place is our go to when we want to make anything Asian inspired. This weekend we made bahn mi sandwiches. We gathered all of our ingredients including pork belly and ground pork for pate. Dikon and all kinds of herbs,And some special cookies that my honey and i ate when we were young. We went to lees for bread but were able to find without issue everything else we needed. I enjoy looking at all the fresh seafood in the back also.
3	I'm terribly spoiled by the 99 Ranch in Cupertino, CA which is the size of a big Safeway.  This one is strikingly small and has no cooked food.  However, it did have black sesame mochi (4) for $1.99, which is what it costs at other Asian grocery stores, so I can't complain about the pricing.  It was nice to go inside one, since I'm now in Anchorage where there is no 99 Ranch, but I was eager to leave given the strong durian smell.
3	OK, I do come here very often....I have read the reviews of many of my Yelper friends and their star rating is 1 or 2 stars for reasons that I agree with dirty, small, hard to maneuver, run down, poor quality produce, smelly and well, you know.....  Thanks Judd L, Misty Y,  David S, Jade W and Tony T, because you all made me put on my "other " glasses and to think more clearly about this store and the rating.  Therefore, I am rating it a 3 star for me. I pretty much need to have a selection of certain products at all times at home, that enable me to cook whoever dishes I want and it is so convenient for me to buy these products here due to my familiarity of the aisles and the set up that I continue to come here about 2-3 times per month to update all my purchases.1.  Seafood - I don't buy this often, however, they have the fresh tanks with the fish and all actually alive and this is certainly fresh. They will steam or fry your purchased items here, so that also is a great help. 5 Star2. Produce - I focus on things like Chinese Broccoli, Cilantro, Bean Sprouts, Green Onion, Lotus Root - Most of the time, the produce has been fresh, although there have been times when only old crapola was left, and not cleaned out, so this is quite annoying.  3 Star.3.  Dry Ingredients - Needing such things as red dates, vermicelli strands from a certain supplier, dried bean curd, dried fig, fungi, all soup herbs, I have to say that they selection here and the ease to find all of this in one aisle is GREAT and really why I come here.  All the ingredients for me are in chinese writing, so I have difficulty to read and locate these, so doing it by memory and recognition is easy and great. Ever try to find chestnut powder to fry chicken instead of flour?  Here it is easy for me to find. 5 Star4.  Refrigerated bits - I have to say, I am a person of habit. The Kim Chee we like has to be from one supplier and here at Ranch 99 they have it. I have attempted to find this particular supplier at other markets including Greenland and could not locate it. Sorry, creature of habit.  For me to find my favorite, Kim Chee, tofu, lop chueng, fish cake, chow fun noodle, won ton wrapper,in one or two aisle is the perfect solutions.  5 Star5.  Comfort - The aisles are extremely small, you have rude people pushing carts and parking them anywhere, which makes navigating and moving very poor. The check out lanes run into the shopping aisles, the doors to the store are either a blast furnace  in summer, or an ice chill wind factor in the winter. very uncomfortable and poorly designed.  Everything is crammed into this store. They need a bigger and well organized facility.  1 star.6.  Meat Products - I have to say finding the pork neck bones, pork chine, bulgogi, ground pork, and all is very good and priced right.  Great pricing, they will cut up the pork for you to smaller cooking size and bag it. Cannot go wrong here with the basic meat needs here.  It is odd that they just use the same saws and prep table for all types of meats, seems that you would have to wipe it all down. In addition, this is asian buying at it's finest, which means no line, no ticket and you just push your way to the front of a clerk and get served.  Chinatown style pushiness.  Due to this, selection is 4 star and the pushiness is 2 star, so overall, I rate this part 3  star.7.  Toilet - Come on, am I the only one that rates toilets? Guess I am hydrating too much.  When in chinatown plaza, I usually attempt to use the public one by Diamond Bakery in the mall.  However, once in a while I drink way too much water and here the bathroom is behind the plastic door in the warehouse section and really for the workers.  All I have to say is,  poor workers.  I rate this a big ZERO star.  I would be better off watering the trees and plants! Bahh Wahhh,  get a hose for xxxxx sake.Otherwise, this place is great for me and convenient. Wish they were like the ones in California and have the chinese deli and prepared food section. That would be so cool.GK says, check it out. (But use the restroom elsewhere)
3	We were in Vegas for Vacay... needed some goods and we were already in the plaza next door eating at Pho Kim Long... so we came over and got some ramen... fruits and alcohol. Haha.... luckily they had alcohol so we didn't have to make another stop back towards the hotel. Everything was pretty much the same price as the Ranch at home... but unfortunately they didn't have big gallons of water like we needed. Other than that, it's in a convenient location for people visiting like us.
4	A great asian supermarket, you can find all your condiments and ingredients for sushi, korean bbq, curries, etc all under one roof. However, this place is worth the drive (I live in the southwest part of town) just to get some fresh fish and seafood. The first thing you notice when you reach the fish section is how crowded it is, which tells you the high quality of their product. They have quite a large selection of fish on display and once you select it, they can clean it, cut it in steaks and fry it for free! Also, if you are looking for fresh live clams and lobster, they have these items at a great price.I am never going back to buying fish to a regular supermarket. The quality of the seafood at this place is amazing, so go try it!
2	We come here only if we really need something that we cannot find in another grocery in town.  There prices are more expensive than there branches in California.
5	how can you not love this awesome asian supermarket, the fresh seafood is amazing!!!
5	I hadn't been here in quite some time, but dedided that since I've recently gotten on this crazy Pho kick, I needed to just make the stop and get ingredients so I can make my own pho for..oh, let's say ...the rest of my life.  I remembered it being dirtier and more fishy smelling, but I was pleasantly surprised to walk in and see everything so shiny, clean and a lack of fish smell.  The aisles are well stocked and super organized.  My favorite thing about this place is how fresh all the produce is and the packaged meat section was so well-organized.  This place kicks the crap out of any American grocery store I've been into lately in both produce, seafood and meat department.  It's just a bonus that's an Asian store so I can stock up on all my weird ingredients I need for those yummy Asian dishes I love to cook.  In addition, waiting to check out is super quick and easy.  The person who bags your groceries is super fast and your packages are well distributed so your bread or noodles or whatever doesn't squished.  Also, I know some people have complained about parking, but I didn't have any issues today and got a spot right up front. I wish it was closer to me, it would be the ONLY grocery store I'd shop at.Also, they have a ton of items you'd find in a normal American grocery store, such as mac n cheese, Campbell's soups, potatoe chips, ketchup, etc....
3	I come here for the snacks. SNACKS ONLY! You know, the Asian chips, tea from Thailand, Pocky, mochi, etc.When I come here I try to avoi the left side of the market. Which is fruits and the meat department. Their meat department has every part of the pork/chicken/beef being sold. Like intenstines, gizzards, chicken feet, pig's feet, etc. I get quesy in that area.I love the bakery section! I love the bread with purple stuffing inside. Pricing is cheap or I think it is. Expect some language barrier. Don't go on a Sunday. It gets really busy.
1	Crystal Ding.Complaint about Crystal Ding.This review is about Crystal Ding. If I can give 0 or negative star, I will. I will give her negative 100 stars! She is the WORST customer service staff I have ever seen.I purchased a snack in a Los Angeles 99 Ranch store. I drove to Las Vegas. At the time I wanted to open the snack, I found there is a hair inside the transparent box. It was still sealed and unopened.I stopped by this Las Vegas store to request a refund. I told the cashier that there is a hair inside the box. She waved another staff, Crystal Ding, to handle the refund. Crystal Ding took the product and talked to a store manager. She came back and handed me back the product. She said no return. I told her there is a hair inside the box. She yelled at me that I cannot return because I bought it in Calfornia and here is Las Vegas!!! I was shocked. I didn't even complain about the product. I just told her about the hair and would like to have a refund. I was very polite. But she yelled at me as if I did something very wrong!!! Her attitude was very horrible!!! If you shop at this store, you probably don't want to ask Crystal DIng for a help. She will yell at you for no reason. I am a normal customer. I am a good customer. I don't like to complain. I don't argue with people. I was shocked when I got this customer services from Crystal Ding. If you are a normal customer like me, you will still have a chance being yelled by Crystal Ding. Don't be surprised!Watch out for Crystal Ding.
3	Damn I should've done my research first, I've just recently discovered produce is usually a lot cheaper at the Asian markets  and decided to try Ranch 99 for my veggies and my other Asian needs, everything seemed so much more expensive here.  The only thing I liked a little better was the frozen option of dim sum ready to steam.  I haven't tried it yet but seems like they had more variety than I've seen at other places. I also took away a star because there was a "manager special" on a ramen flavor and I couldn't reach the top shelf to grab them since they were almost out of stock. I knew I should've brought my "as seen on TV" gopher arm grabber!
4	I enjoy shopping here because of the good prices and the staff actually are nice too u. Good selection on fish and produce. When im feeling lazy they have frozen loompia all ready that actually taste good and not freezer burned. Found a store that was selling freezer burned loompia before and it still bugs me. I buy cases of coconut water here as well cause of the low price.
1	The market does have just about everything one would need for most any Asian cuisine but it's more geared toward Chinese and some Vietnamese.  The seafood department is very good as far as selection is concerned and if you get lucky, the service from the Mexican staff is good.  The checkout staff can be rude and totally uncaring.My gripe is that I used my credit card to pay for my items.  Within a short time I receive a fraud alert from the Card company that several attempts to use the card had been blocked.  One transaction from China, one from Best Buy for over $1500 among others.  The only way this could happen would be for the cashier or someone with access to the transaction details to pass the information onward.I called the manager the next day  (I paid for the goods at 5:34pm and immediately left for a 2 hour drive home).  He at first voiced skepticism that this could take place at his place of business but I told him that I was only warning him of the occurrence and that he should conduct an investigation to prevent this.  He promised to do so and call me back the following day.  It's been 5 days with no response. Just a heads-up.
3	Update. The Manager, Eric gave me a call after my posting and said they were still investigating.  He thought that I was contesting the charge, ie. that I was saying I didn't use my my card. He stated he had me on video during the transaction.   I clarified that I wasn't contesting the transaction.  I was complaining about the attempted use of my card immediately after the transaction by persons unknown in China and Las Vegas.  I told him I would return to 99 Ranch to try to clarify my position.  In the meantime I had to cancel my card and have a new one sent at my cost because I wanted it ASAP.  Xmas shopping!I returned the store on Monday, a week after the incident and met Eric's assistant Simon, a courteous young man.  He showed me the video of my transaction which I acknowledged and confirmed that the complaint was not about the transaction but of the attempted fraud that took place.  He told me that the cashier only had my card and ID for a brief moment and it would not be possible to record the information in such a short time.  Whatever the case, the fact is that my card was used in several attempts within a couple of hours after having paid for my goods at 99 Ranch.  That was the only time I had used the card in weeks as I had just returned from a trip overseas and had driven directly to the store from the airport. I did not use the card before or after that transaction. The perpetrators obviously had access to my information some way.  I am not saying that 99 Ranch was involved in the fraud attempt.  I am saying that people should be careful when using their cards in all establishments as the identity thieves are very sophisticated in their techniques.I still shop at 99 Ranch as they have a great selection of produce and sea food and it's one of the few places one can buy thinly sliced rib eye for hot pot or sukiyaki.  It's also the only place I know that will steam your crabs (they have a great selection).
4	This has got to be my favorite Asian market place.  I come here for all my Asian ingredients.  It may not be a super fancy store or large like international marketplace, but I feel that this store is the perfect size.  I found that he prices here are pretty reasonable and cheaper than other marketplace.  There's a butcher inside too and although English may not be their first language there's no language barrier because they understand what you need.
5	This place can be insane on a weekend but that's half the fun. Get the pork tocino (delicious sweet sausages). The produce  and proteins are as fresh as you can possibly get in Las Vegas.
3	A great place to stop by for some Chinese produce (or ethnic food in general or just general produce) if you're in the Vegas area. Just a couple of blocks away from the Strip and shares a parking lot with many delicious restaurants in Chinatown.
4	Just bought this "small" Jack Fruit for $18 it sucks I couldn't find a scale to weigh this bad boy. The employees look mad but are actually very very nice.
4	I like the fact that they clean your fish and fry it to your liking. The fish use to be better quality, its a hit or miss nowadays, ten years ago was a different story, good stuff back then!
4	My reason for visiting this store on my drive home from Cali was to get the sweet taro bread from their bakery. I was surprised to find out, there is no bakery! They have a section with some baked goods but not the wide selection I was looking for. We opted to purchase some lychee yogurt drink to mix with the soju we purchased and make flavored soju. They also had great deal on the lychee grass jelly drink 4 for $2. If I lived in Vegas, this would probably be my go-to Asian store.
3	Asian food is one of my very favorite cuisines and for that reason I find myself at this store many times looking for that Asian ingredient that one can not find at your usual supermarket. 99 ranch market is located in Chinatown so it goes without saying that driving and parking here may be an adventure on itself where rear view mirrors are only used to hang cute ornaments for good luck. Once you make it to the store you're on your own, chances are better to find Waldo shopping here than an employee willing to help you. This time I was looking for kaffir lime leaves that a Thai recipe required. I asked a lady working the produce where I could find it and she simply said NO. I thought she didn't understand what I was asking for so I tried to show her a picture of it from my phone and without looking at it she said NO. I continued looking for the rest of the items I needed and when I asked her again for another item she said NO. It was then that I realized That I might have been getting a recorded answer or that it was the only word she knew so I went in search of the rest of the ingredients on my own.Yes, there's a bad smell towards the back but you have to keep in mind that although the employees are not very lively they do keep live seafood and they kill, clean, and fry it for you on the spot.Having found only one of the ingredients I needed, I gave up on my tom yum, I paid for my fried tilapia a bottle of soy sauce and drove home with some of the smell with me.Famous Chinese proverb not used at 99 ranch market. "A smile will gain you ten more years of life." (Or nah!)
3	A little taste of Southern California all the way up in Vegas!This 99 Ranch is pretty much the same as most you'll find in the Socal/Norcal area. It has all your asian grocery staples and a pretty good selection of specialty good as well as decent prices on even "regular" groceries.  If you're staying in Las Vegas area for a few days and need some asian groceries, this is the place to go!It's definitely true that parking here is a bit of a pain though.  This is the "main plaza" of China town, so there are a bunch of tour buses and taxis that frequent the area and make parking impossible.
2	Gah.I wanted to give more stars, as this store has a great array of food!Whenever we want fresh..and I mean FRESH crab, we come here, take home two live crabs, and kill and cook them at home.  They have a huge selection, of fresh fish, lobster, oysters and clams...all live and all in water!However.The reason for 2 stars instead of three, is this: With all the live clams, oysters, etc...I want to know why there are mussels labeled as "live", but out of water, and open?  When mussels open, the are no longer alive!  That upset me a lot.  :(Meat selection looks good, and they have a ton of teas, coffees, spices, etc.  I'll go back for sure, but only for the actual fresh, live seafood.
5	The store is packed full of items and well organized. Prices are reasonable wether you want to buy prepackaged items or fresh items. The variety of items in the produce, butcher, and frozen sections is what I really appreciate about this store. Note: I did not include the seafood section because I don't eat seafood.  I also saw an electric griddle for sale by the register that I am going to have to go back for.
5	We came to LV for a vacation... wanted a seafood dinner but being in a hotel we were pleasantly surprised they will deep fry or steam any seafood there. We ordered live Maine lobsters for 9.99# and Stone Crab for 3.99# they steamed it in 15 minutes, and put it in foil pan so we had something for the shells...  [we went to the Dollar Tree for a shell cracker]
3	Located within Vegas Chinatown complex, I recall this location being the very first 99 Ranch in Vegas opened over 15 years ago. They store seems a bit small compare to other ethnic markets in town.  The staffs do seem more efficient than other store though and this one being busier due to its location.However, after shopping in stores further away from the Strip in town, the products here seem a bit overpriced.  It could be a Chinatown thing or close to the Strip, just like the Starbucks on the strip.  Usually I shop here for products I can bring home, but if a few blocks down the street made a serious difference in price, the latter option will be taken.
2	It is very pricey here. Just wanted some drinks and ended up spending mre than $40.00 omg. go to SF LV Superstore instead. I havent been there but a couple of my friends advise it us a much better and more fresh option.
2	This location is really low end (like Wal-Mart on meth) compared to their Houston location, which reminded me of an Asian grocery Disneyland. For real. These guys have to step it up, expand their selections and lower their prices like their Texas counterparts. The last time that I bought exotic fruits (e.g. mangosteen, rambutan and lychee) the fruits that were still somewhat fresh spoiled quickly. This is indicative that the spoiling process was already occurring when we bought the fruit. When we returned the rotten fruit (within their 7-day policy) the Mexican manager had no clue what kind of fruit we were returning, gave us a hard time to get our money back, and told us that we should have called them before coming to the store. WTF? I'm sure he stuffs fresh food into his pot belly. We wasted gas money just for this. Aren't managers supposed to know their produce as it is "their" store?On another note, the quality of their pastries (not made in-house) has deteriorated. Mom says they tasted stale and "funny." The only good thing worth coming here for is the live seafood at great prices, the nearby eateries and the adjacent Chinese mall (great accessories and artwork).
2	Lady didnt add the sale price for my item which is supposed to be on sale :( just noticed when I got to the car. But oh well. 2nd time this has happened to me. First at seafood city and now this place. Service here was mediocre.. felt uncomfortable as I was at the cashier cause the lady seemed annoyed. Also went here on a different day and these cashiers were mingling with eachother and she just scanned my items ignoring my prescence and continued chit chatting without even bothering to tell me the total amount my items were worth. I said thank you as I was done paying and been handed the receipt and was still flat out ignored.
1	Apparently you're not "allowed to take photos" here. We live in a social media world.  With fun exotic foods around, and being a foodie you want to document your experience.  This is silly.  I will be going to other Asian supermarkets in vegas.  With the same choices. Ps the manger was kind though.  With one disgruntled employee.  I guess some "men" just don't grow up.  This supermarket is lucky to have the manger though. He was Kind, professional and understanding.  Anywho.
2	I have been to a lot of ranch 99 supermarkets and this one is the worst one by far. It's on the smaller side, it's super crowded, and the bakery section is absolutely abysmal. There was no bakery really. Just a cramped corner.
4	Great asian supermarket, you can find a lot here. Prices seemed decent too. They have a nice seafood dept too.
3	A good choice of fish. There is live lobsters. It isn't that big so you might not find what you are looking for.
