5	Absolutely first rate!  I have been going to this salon (when I am home) since September 2010.  I have been to Salons in TN, TX, CA, FL well you get the picture, A LOT of salons.  Tips N Toes is great.  The staff is great, very professional.  THE PLACE IS CLEAN!!! David is Awesome!   I have nail salons across the street from where I live but I drive 10 miles to go to here.
5	Owners Tony, Tiffany and Brother David created such an awesome place - Tips N Toes Nail Salon.  Always immaculately clean, the people are extremely friendly and the service is second to none.  I'm always greeted with a smile and a bottle of water.I'm partial to the White Tip Pink Sparkles French Manicure - tastefully classic and beautiful - and this place does it better than any other salon I've been to.  I also love the French pedicures (to match my nails). Tiffany hand-paints delicate little flowers that are absolutely stunning.  This is not the least expensive salon I've been to, but the services are absolutely worth every penny I spend here.  My nails and pedicures are noticed frequently - I receive great compliments from people I've never met before!  To me, it's important that I look my best as CEO of the company (great way to make a positive first impression when meeting customers and new colleagues).An added bonus (for me), are the two large flat screens streaming CNN news all the time - actually a phenomenal way to be pampered and keep up on world news all at once.    I highly recommend Tips N Toes.  (Appointment recommended)
4	Very clean salon. Friendly staff, never a line. Not sure if I will go back though, 4 nails broke within 5 days and i'm not hard on them and have been getting my nails done for years, never had more than one break.
5	David is wonderful love love lovey nails! Will definitely go back!
5	Love love love tips and toes!! I've been going here for the last three months everyone is amazing!! I do the gel acrylic nails and they last for weeks and the polish never chips I am truly impressed! The money is pay is worth it they don't use generic brands like most nail places they use the high quality products you will absolutely notice a difference
5	I LOVE this place! I have struggled to find a new nail salon since moving to the East Valley from Southern California. This place is fantastic! I am always greeted immediately when walking in the door and seated for my services within minutes. The staff is friendly enough but not so much so that I can't read a book or zone out if I want to do that instead of chit chat. The pedicures always last about a month and are phenomenal! The gel manicures can last up to 4 weeks if you get a "French" style with a wide white (or in my case, colored strip), which was actually a suggestion from one of the staff! They do a fantastic job and I am done searching! This is my new nail salon!
5	This is the only salon I trust for manicures and pedicures because they use only sterilized instruments on each client, which is huge for me.  I don't like instruments used on me that weren't cleaned after the previous client, which has been my experience at every other nail salon.Very clean, staff is friendly, and they always remember me!  The drive from Chandler is worth it!
5	Tips N Toes Rocks.  First class service.  I recommend: (1) calling ahead to inquire about pricing, (2) making an appointment.The services are worth every penny. Comments on  G.M.'s review below:  a 15 min wait time is reasonable....complaining about having to wait, then complaining about being 'rushed through' - I doubt GM is easy to satisfy no matter what the situation.  Prices are reasonable for a  salon of this caliber.The Tips N Toes is busy.....because they are one of the best spas around.   No loss if GM never returns.........less waiting for the rest of us!I recommend: (1) calling ahead to inquire about pricing, (2) making an appointment.The services are worth every penny.Also, if a customer show appreciation and treats Tips N Toes owners and employees kindly......they will definitley be given the queens/kings treatment!
2	The reason for the 2 stars is simple.1 Star for the great food massage I got when getting my pedicure and the other was for the super clean environment. That's where it ends. I ended up getting my usual gel manicure and was upsold into the "special"they offered for a pedi at $35 instead of the regular $22 one. While I asked for my nails to be trimmed I didn't mean so they were non existant but ok. My pedi massage was great on my feet but painful on my legs. The callus removal was subpar at best.All in all for $70 ($30 for the mani and $40 for the pedi with nail art) I was not blown away. I get a way better job done at the Bellingham Washinton place I reluarly visit and for way less. The last nail in the coffin was that my french gel manicure chipped on a couple of fingers after 3 days! Um, I'm sorry but isn't that the great upsell feature of the gel is that it lasts for weeks???? My regular nail techs job at home lasts for a min 3 weeks and I have gotten longer. Next time we are back around the San Tan Valley I wil make sure I get my nails done BEFORE we leave so I know I get what I paid for.
4	I love this place because it is close to my house. They are always super friendly and do a great  pedicure.
5	friendly service, clean salon and great nail techs. I have been a customer for 3-4 years and highly recommend them.
5	This is the only place to go in Queen Creek. Very clean, staff is wonderful! Prices might be a little high, but you get a excellent mani or pedi that lasts and lasts. I love this place!!
2	I can only comment on the wax service, I have not had any mani/pedi service at this salon.  Very disappointed. The tech was more concerned with texting than the wax on my face!  I gave two stars only because I was a walk in and they got me back very quick for my service. And then I walked out still with quite a bit of wax on my face and mildly burnt lip.
5	I've been going to Tips & Toes for over 4 years and have always had fantastic service.  I originally started coming here when gel manicures were popular - however, other salons in the area were charging for the gel removal (which has to be done before you apply a new manicure) and Tips & Toes did not.  I have had several services throughout my 4 years and have been religiously getting my gel manicures, pedicures and eyebrow waxes here.  They are meticulously clean and I have always witnessed all of the people who work here to be nice and laughing with their clients.  I wouldn't go anywhere else - this place is the best in Queen Creek!
2	The owners of this salon, Tiffany and Tony, are so rude! I keep going back to this salon because a couple of the nail techs, Vincent and David, are very good at what they do, and because the salon is so close to me.  I have been going here for almost two years, and to this day Tiffany has never greeted me or called me by name and acts like she has never seen me before when I walk in! Tony use to be friendly to me, but must have been "reprimanded" for being a little too friendly and no longer even speaks to me! If it weren't for the convenience and two very skilled techs, Vincent and David, I would not go back, but have tried several other salons and have not found anyone who does nails like David and Vincent at Tips and Toes. I sure don't go back to Tips and Toes because of the owners!
5	Just finished with a beautiful spa pedicure.  Would highly recommend.  Very clean workspace and tools are autoclaved ( sanitizer).  My feet feel awesome.  Just moved here from CA and my feet were dried out!  Very pretty nail artwork available too.  Will be back!  They worked a miracle on my "men" toes (I have big feet for a woman).
1	So i called a day prior to coming into tips n toes and made an appt for two thirty then the day of i call and confirm my appt for two thirty, so i go in for my two thirty appt and have now been waiting for one hour to be seen! People keep walking in and everyone else is getting there service and they have yet to tell me sorry for the inconvenience and making me wait let's see how much longer it takes to be called back. I won't be coming back.
1	This place is big an clean BUT they are the rudest people ever!!!!!!One time I went and was told "we are too busy to do your nails. We can only do a pedicure."One time while I was there I heard them tell another customer "we can't do it today." That was at 11:30 in the morning. There is one guy that walks around and never does anything while they make everyone else wait.Today they had me soaking my nails in acetone for 20 minutes and when I said my hands were hurting from the chemicals I was told "no one is here that knows how to take gel off so just keep them in the bowl."  Are you kidding me? My hands will erode! The owner said she didn't "want to take my gel off because she doesn't do nails." I was the first customer in the door and after 25 minutes and some very ride people, I walked out.I will NEVER go back because they made me feel like I was asking too much.
4	This is the only place I go to for my nails. Vincent is the first person that listens to my requests and fills and shapes my nails the way I like them. I'm not a big fan of the owners attitude towards many of her customers, but I ignore it to be able to get what I pay for.
5	I've been coming to Tips & Toes for years and have ALWAYS had a positive experience. I've mostly gotten pedi's, and have gotten several mani's (I prefer pedi's more is the only reason). I went last weekend and also got a brow wax and I have to say this has by far been the best brow wax I've ever had and I will keep coming back. My brows look better than they ever have!The staff is always friendly and nice. This place does get very busy on the weekends, but they do take appointments. I've gone in as a walk in as well without issue, but like to plan ahead.
1	Omg! When I came in the day before around 5 p.m. The nail art technician was not there so he told me I could make an appointment for the next day.I made an appt @ 12 on Saturday and they didnt get to me until 12:30. Meanwhile they accept new appts and tell ppl to come back in 15 min. wth? They had me move from chair to chair 3 times. They didn't know if they wanted to start my gel mani or pedi first. So frustrating!  Then they asked me "just a fill right?" No. "Ok move over there for now."So I end up in the massage chair at 12:30 and I got the deluxe pedi $35. He soaked my feet and i thought we were finally getting started....Did they forget about me?!  because they took in 2 new walk ins while I was soaking my feet with menthol lotion burning my legs for 10 min. He keep getting up to answer the phone or talk to walk ins.I finally had to say something. "Are we going to get started soon? I've been waiting 30 min...." Then i changed my mind after he walked over to someone else. "Just wash it off because you keep moving me and my appt was 40 min ago. Next time don't take appts unless you have enough techs to cover it." I gave the guy $2 for his time because he soaked my feet and trimmed toe nails.
1	I came here today to get a gel manicure and a regular pedicure. The gel manicure was "ok" but nothing to rave about. Then I sat in the chair for my pedicure. A few things happened that left me VERY unhappy with my experience. 1) They started my pedicure, trimmed my nails, cuticles (which were very rough and hurt), etc. but DID NOT EVEN TOUCH THE BOTTOM OF MY FEET to get the dead skin off. When I told them they said "yes we did" and that if I wanted all the dead skin off I would have to pay extra for a callus remover. 2) The guy stopped in the middle of the pedicure and walked away. I sat there for 10 minutes as they tended to other customers. 3) A different guy came back to give me my massage but only massaged my legs/calves for maybe 2-3 minutes total. They did not even massage my feet. 4) Then after the "massage" they had a new person come to paint my nails. This is the first negative review I have ever put on Yelp, because I have never had an experience such as this at a nail salon. It is unfortunate because you spend the money on yourself to go and relax, and then you leave feeling like it was a waste! Do not go to this place, they are rude and don't know what they are doing! And by the way, I get my nails done 1-2 times a month so I know what to expect, and I do not have gross feet. The sounds of this review might make it seem that way since they barely did anything to my feet.!
5	They do amazing nails and the shop is clean and inviting with new amazing spa chairs as well.
1	Came here to get a mani, pedi, & wax... Brought my niece with me who by the way is 5... They charged me $30 for her to have a mani & pedi.. Sat down and Was gonna have my mani done, I picked out a few colors because I wanted a color combination on my nails and the tech tells me I need to CHOOSE 1 COLOR?? Then when I went to sit down to do my Pedi I told them I'm allergic to latex, so they refused to do my pedi.. I understand for sanitary reasons they don't want to do nails without gloves but should they make accommodations for those who are allergic to latex? Maybe buy NON LATEX GLOVES? then they say you pay now, so I paid but never offered to complete the rest of the services requested!!! Won't be coming back here and will make sure that everyone I know NEVER goes here. Worst experience ever. I would give them ZERO stars if that was an option!
1	This nail salon is by far the rudest ever in the East Valley. I just called half an hour ago about getting my acrylics taking off, they said yes come on in. I come in lady looks at my nails RUDELY says IN BROKEN ENGLISH ..Sorry.don't have space for you !!!!  This is not the first time I have been treated rudely at this place. Last time I was here was about a year ago, I had a bad experience them, I told myself I would never come back, I thought I'd give it another try today. Never again. I wish I could give it zero stars, but that is not an option so I had to give it one but they don't deserve that.   What a joke
1	My sister and I have a standing "nail date" every other Sunday. I suggested we went to tip n toes because I have been to the one off of Scottsdale road and usually get exceptional services done there. I could not believe how rude the woman was to us! All we wanted was a gel manicure each and she asked us if we would be doing a solid color or French and we both said solid and she said they would only have time for one manicure. It was at around 2:30 and the salon doesn't close until 5:00 on Sundays- by no means was it busy in there AT ALL. Shocked and appalled- we walked out. I'm so embarrassed I suggested this place of business after I talked them up so much. Too bad this location isn't like the other ones in the valley. We will just go back to our favorite place in Chandler.
