1	I would not recommend going to this Best Buy location. I recently purchased a big screen tv there and had the worst experience a consumer could have. I originally found a tv at their Rivergate location and they did not have any in stock so I went to Pinevill. When I arrived I was one of maybe four people in the store and no one would assist me. After waiting for twenty minutes I went to customer service where I waited another five minutes. Then customer service wouldnt help me. I knew the tv, model number and every other information and they still would not help. So they said they had to page  someone. After waiting another five to ten minutes someone finally came. Lets put it this way..... he treated me like I cut his break short or whatever he was doing out back. He barely said only one word to me, put the tv in the computer, rang me up and thats it. The only time he was slightly pleasant was when he tried to upsell me and I politely said no thank you. Then he went back to his original way. He handed me a receipt and said go up front to the guy in the blue shirt, and walked away. No thank you or thanks for you patience. So i went up front and waited for another few minutes for help. The guy from up front arrived, gave him my receipt and then waited another 20 minutes for the tv. Guess who brought it out.... the original guy. He put the tv in my truck turned around and walked away. Again, no thank you, have a nice day, nothing..... My question is if he walked away from me as soon as I purchased it and went to the back, why did it take 20 minutes to get the tv. He knew the guy in the front would be calling it in. I also am baffled  in this economy a consumer who is buying an expensive product at a store is not even mildly appreciated. I am the last one to usually complain about service because we all have our bad days but this store in whole must of had a bad day. I really have to blame it on management. I seriously had to bite my tongue on this one. The Rivergate location was wonderful however, they just unfortunately did not have the tv I wanted in stock.
3	This is a good size BestBuy store in the area.  Normally I go to the one in Matthews that was the former circuit city location and it is a bit tighter.  I did notice that I did not get greeted by the security guy at the front as I normally do in Matthews - but that's a trivial part of the shopping experience [but I did notice it].The guy manning the video game aisles was pretty knowledgeable and answered my questions well.  We also ended up spending a lot of time playing around with the Kinect demo in the store since my cousin could not make up his mind to make a big purchase or not.  I am the same way, but when it comes down to it, I usually just grab and go.  Buyers remorse sets in later, but I think the key rule is to go home and enjoy your purchase - don't go shopping anywhere else where the potential to see a lower price is pretty high.  Sometimes that does happen a lot with bestbuy stuf (I find). The Apple section of this store is pretty impressive too.  Very, very shiny and makes you want to buy stuff that you can't afford without taking a small loan out.
3	Best Buy big box. Best display of electronics and appliances possible, this store is just like the rest. Enter and be confronted by racks of CD's and DVD's. Televisions on one side, Geek Squad on the other. Home appliances (refrigerators, washing machines and other small devices) on one side, computers and small electrics in the back. My friend needed a refill cartridge for his inkjet printer and Best Buy can be counted on to have a decent supply. A decent price? Not so much.
1	Absolutely horrible customer service!  The worst Best Buy I have ever visited.  My family shops at Best Buy from Wilmington to Johnson City and this is by far the worst place we have ever been.  I don't usually write these but they irratated me to no end not once, not twice but three times.  It started last year when I purchased a new laptop to replace my 4 yr old one (which I also bought at Best Buy).  The Geek squad did not listen to my concerns and wiped my old laptop clean WITHOUT contacting me as they stated they would.  I lost a lot of important information!  Then stating that both my computers were ready (while contacting the wrong person over and over again).  When we went to pick them up they were not ready, and this happened 3 times.  Back and forth a total waste of time. THEN guess what happens a year later, THE SAME THING!! After having to wait for 45 mins for them to even find me in their system (I had spent the extra money on the one year plan-which they magically couldn't find 6 months later).  Still no contact to pick up my computer 7 days later, after they stated it was ready and guess what happened after i drove out of my way, it wasn't! Their response "Oh, huh I don't know what happened there!" not even an apology. Called again 3 days later to check and oh all of a sudden it was ready just that second.  Only to find out that it wasn't installed properly BY THE GEEK SQUAD to begin with which is why it messed up. Total lack of respect for customers and total idiots that obviously cannot read directions and dial a phone number correctly!
4	Finding myself in need of a wireless router soon (going from AT&T U-Verse back to TWC because of moving - AT&T supplies wireless router, TWC charges you $15/mo. !?)., after a stop at The Home Depot located in the same shopping center, across from Carolina Place Mall, I thought I would check out Best Buy and see if they had what I needed.I am typically an amazon girl, and I avoid going places to shop if at all possible (even though my job is the design of big box retailers).  This stop was more of a "it's a pretty nice day out, I need to walk off lunch, oh look, there's Best Buy".   Upon walking into the store (clean, typical Best Buy footprint), there was a young lady in the middle of the aisle who appeared to be there to help direct traffic.  I said "wireless router?", she pointed and said "computers are straight back", so straight back I went.  As I know what a router looks like, I wandered the aisles until I found them, it only took a second.  There were a few employees in the computer section, but I didn't necessarily need assistance so I just started to look at prices and read boxes.  I had done some research online and pretty much knew what I was looking for.  Once I found the Netgear router, and saw the price, I used my handy dandy amazon price check app on my phone to compare and found that the router was the same price on amazon as it was at Best Buy.  SOLD!  I randomly ran the price check on the 2 "better" models of the router that I had in my hand and found the prices to be exactly the same as amazon.  Competitive pricing is what it's all about.  For a Sunday just after church, they were well enough staffed.  I walked straight up to a young lady at the checkout who was friendly and efficient and I chit-chatted with her as I dug through my wallet looking for my debit card.   I have very limited patience for shopping, so this visit was a great experience.
3	Good service here. I was greeted upon entering and thanked when exiting. I wanted to see what the deal was with the Samsung Gear. The sales associate in the department was knowledgeable about the product and could answer my questions.
5	Great door greeter! Store pickup was fast courteous and professional. Checking out at the exit very impressed how Christian spoke spanish to the customer in front then English to us. ..to find out he speaks several lamguages! Not a rude or discourteous person in the visit!
1	Bought an item from there, didn't notice it was an open item until i checked out. Took it back 5 days later because one of the buttons didn't work, and they refuse to take it back claiming i dropped and damaged it. I never dropped it, i brought it back to them in the same condition they sold it to me as.  Then the manager told me we would not have sold one in the condition. But they sure sold it to me. BUYER BEWARE.
1	Waiting in line no one here....3 employees standing around and no one says anything. Horrible service. Next time ill just order on amazon
