5	I can eat an - entire box - of their waffles! De-lish chicken, too. No guilt after eating because everything is made with real ingredients (and you can taste it).
4	Let's be honest for a moment. When I drove by and noticed this new resto location, I checked online to see what they have to offer and the first thought in my head was.... 90ies sitcom "Fresh Prince of Belair" and the Fresh Prince's favorite food place.... "Rasco's Chicken & Waffles"My wildest dreams have come true.This past weekend, I went in and grabbed a couple of large boxes of chicken, waffles and store made potato chips and burnt a few red lights to get home ASAP.So, what is the verdict?HELL YEAH!While the chicken rotisserie isn't exceptional (I felt they were a bit too cooked and the skin suffered a bit) it was still really good. I personally didn't like their in-house dip (tasted like ranch, I hate ranch!!!) but the honey mustard was out of this world. They also have other spicier dips but that's not how I like my grub.What really sold me were the waffles and the chips. The waffles were expertly done and along with the variety of dips available such as chocolate, maple syrup and English cream one cannot complain... until there's no more waffles that is! The potato chips are made in-house and "large" is a really generous portion that can feed at least half a dozen people. We really loved them. They didn't survive.The price-tag is quite reasonable and the food is prepared relatively quickly.One can easily compare this to an Americanized KFC and I see myself more likely coming back here than KFC simply because everything was great.
1	Besides the fact that there were 3 kids working that didn't seem to care that we were there, blasting loud distasteful music, and no joke there was grease all over the floors, the chicken was garbage. Overcooked and very dry as if it was sitting there all day. Chips and waffle were good but I definitely will not be going back.
2	2 stars for the food. I wish I could rate the service,but I wasn't the one who went to get it! Chicken and waffles :( Sucks because Montreal needs a decent spot where you can get chicken n waffles, grits, sweet potato pies, hush puppies, proper mac n cheese, sweet tea! You see where im going with this! Anyways when i found out i could get chicken and waffles , I so was excited! I thought ROSCOESSSSSSSS which i had plenty of , living in LA,  but nope its definitely not the same. The waffle was not moist, it didn't taste fresh. they didn't add butter on them nor gave us butter. As for the chicken, the skin was crispy and yummy, nothing bad to say about that. However the chicken itself was dry and the spices weren't there. It also came with a coleslaw. It tasted sour, major fail.They should do the waffles to order as well as fry the chicken to order too. I guess its a fast food place. My boyfriend who went to get the order said that when he went inside he didn't see anyone working, then after a few minutes went by , a lady appeared from the back. He said the chicken was already made, so as the waffle. When it came time to pay, he gave his debit card and the lady kept on telling him "Decline, Decline"! How embarrassing, but thank God there wasn't any customers! She then realized that shes been entering his card as a Credit card! She offered him a free fountain drink for her mistake.4 pieces of chicken 2 waffles, 15$.00 Will I ever try it again? I mean everything deserves a second chance! So maybe, but not anytime soon!
