1	I would give 0 stars if I could. Worst customer service I have ever had. Not even greeted when I came in. No one asked what I needed help with. Took forever for a very small job. Inefficient and unfriendly. Go to Kinkos, yes it's more expensive but you can get in and out fast and the staff isn't RUDE and doesn't mess up your order.
1	Umm.....
4	they have been able to do everything I needed for a great price. Very helpful staff and good quality work.
3	I just discovered this place. I come here when I need to fax something or get color copies. The price of color copies is half the price you'd fetch at Kinko's just three blocks to the east. It's about the same turnaround time. Americopy can definitely get me out of a bind. However, Todd always looks at you, the customer, as if you have two heads. Look at the Google reviews for this Americopy and you'll see that he treats everyone this way. I don't know if it's age and he just hasn't had exposure to lots of different kinds of people. He himself appears quite normal. I look normal. Just smile, Todd. It's Phoenix and there's tons of weirder people than me here.
5	Needed 300 copies of a funeral program made. I was super stressed out and needed these done as soon as possible. I was a bit apprehensive about how these would look and although they were busy Eddie took the time to print me out a copy to review. They had all 300 copies done and folded within a few hours! Folding fee was only $5.00! I expected to pay way more. They did an amazing job and I will def go back!
1	This store stinks. I needed to make some copies for my small business from a file in on my SD card and they could not help me. If this mom and pop store wishes to compete with larger office supply stores they should invest in equipment such as memory card readers that have been in existence for almost a decade . When I asked about emailing them the file, like I have done several times at OfficeMax, they told me that the one person who has access to the email account was not in . When i asked about passing them the file via my phone and a usb cable they told me "its against policy". My experience was frustrating and a poor one.
