5	I have worked with Justin for over 10 years and have always recieved outstanding customer care.
5	I've been with Justin and State Farm since December of 2005.  When I first moved out here, I wanted to change my car insurance, but not to just anyone.  I thought about going with a company that would let me grow and expand with them, and I was willing to pay a decent (but not ridiculous) rate for my car.  I also wanted to know that other services were available such as renters and homeowners insurance as well.After shopping around, I decided to go with State Farm.  At the time, I was living in Anthem, and after having a crappy (ok not just one) insurance agent in the past, I wanted someone who was professional and knew what they were doing. Justin is my man!  He has several degrees and is the coolest guy I know.  Smart, educated and definitely knows his insurance stuff! I really liked him from the start because he knows what the heck he's doing, gives good insurance advice and won't try to oversell you on anything. He wants what's best for his clients and I love that about him.  He knows all his clients by name and doesn't pressure you into anything you don't want.  He will give you good advice, yes, but he won't "scare" you into anything and I like that about him.His staff has always been amazing and as I have gotten to know them over the past several years, they've always been personable.  They don't make me feel like I'm "just another person in the computer."  Personal service, knowledgeable and they've gotten to know me by first name since I started going with him back all those years ago.If you want someone who is an all around good agent (not to stuffy, knowledgeable, personable) please Justin.  His office is in Anthem and I have loved working with him for the past 7 and a half years.  Love love love these guys!
5	We have both personal and business policies with Justin. His team is friendly, knowledgeable, and quick to respond to any policy questions we have. Additionally, he's saved us a lot of money on our monthly premiums!
5	I've been a client of Justin's for over 10 years. He's a great citizen of the Anthem community and he and his staff are top notch. I have auto, home, and my kid's 529 college funds with State Farm and I've never had a single problem.
