4	I discovered this place after being invited to a kiddie's birthday party by one of my long time friends. I didn't know anything about this place until we arrived. Basically, it's a large warehouse that has a mini basketball court, an obstacle course for skaters and bikers, a long rope to swing on, and an xbox/playstation area complete with couches and huge bean bags.When you arrive, you must check in with the greeter and fill up waivers for everybody in your party to sign. Its for insurance purposes and you are liable for your own actions. Then off you go to the warehouse!They have tables to put food on and other tables with chairs to sit down and eat at. They have a fridge/freezer where you can put all your cold and frozen items in. The only negative I see is that this place does not look like it has a heater to keep the place warm. I went on a Saturday in January and it was a brisk 60 degree day outside which made it pretty cool inside. Im hoping they at least have an AC unit for those summer months that have triple digit temps.As for the prices, I forgot to ask. Im assuming it depends on the size of your party and for how long you want the place. I guess give them a call for more info.Overall I thought it was a nice alternative instead of having a basic party at your place or another outing at Chuck E Cheese.
5	Andrew, Anthony and the rest of the crew at Sport Social are the best.  Our boys look forward to having their birthday parties there every year.  With bounce house, skate/bike ramps, video games, music and basketball, there's something there for everyone.  The warehouse is clean, cool and a lot of fun to be in.  The guys here really do some good work in this joint.  Do yourself a favor and check it out for yourself.  You and your kids won't be disappointed.  Support local business.
5	This place is the best! The staff is great with children with Autism & typical children . They are patient, fun,understanding and dedicated. Both of my boys learned to ride bikes here , with the Owner Andrew & Justin . They both also learned some cool tricks on their scooters & how to ride the half pipe on a skateboard. Sport social also offers social groups , sports , art, music, drama classes & more. They also do really fun birthday parties . Pure Awesome in my book ! Thank you for all you do for our kids!
