5	After countless horrible run-ins with Petsmart, I was extremely weary of taking my pup there to see the vet to have his double canines pulled. Well, I was referred to North Phoenix Spay & Neuter Clinic by my little guy's groomer, and I must say... I am thoroughly impressed!!! The front desk staff at the clinic are extremely pleasant and helpful, answering all of my questions so I would feel at ease (I felt like I was a mom dropping her child off for their very first day of school and the child holding on to me for dear life). Then they took us in an exam room, took my pup's vitals and allowed him to get somewhat comfortable with the nurse before they said I can go. After getting his canines pulled and coming out of anesthesia, the clinic called me to pick him up. He was groggy (poor little guy couldn't even walk straight), but the extraction was a success!!! I HIGHLY recommend North Phoenix Spay & Neuter Clinic to anyone wanting a wonderful vet that cares and takes the best care of your pet.
1	The past 24 hours have been brutal for our 10 pound, 8 month old puppy.  Leo almost died due to the negligence of North Phoenix Spay & Neuter Clinic and from what I've heard we are not alone in our experience.  Yesterday 10/8/2014 at 4:45 pm I came in to pick up our 8 month old puppy Leo from NPSNC (North Phoenix Spay & Neuter Clinic) from a routine Neutering.  When I arrived I paid our $114.00 bill and they handed me Leo. As I was putting Leo in his carrier in the car I noticed blood all over the seats, my clothes, body, and a large pile of blood in his carrier.  I rushed Leo back in the NPSNC and let the woman know he was bleeding profusely.  She waved me off with, "That's normal, just make sure you don't set him on white carpet." I was shocked and terrified as I brought little Leo home to my boyfriend Easton.  We frantically rushed him to the 1st Pet Animal Hospital on Union and 7th avenue.  They gasped as they pulled Leo out of his crate and assured us we did the right thing.   They let us know we were lucky we brought him in before he lost too much blood.  After waiting anxiously for almost two hours we were told they would keep him overnight as long as we paid at least a deposit of $400.  Knowing our baby boy was in good hands was worth cleaning out our bank account.Before we left for the night, one of the nurses discretely let us know this is not the first time she's seen this scenario from the same place.  She also informed us about Arizona Veterinary Medical Association which is the watch dog of all Veterinarians.  We stayed up all night praying, crying and talking about what our solutions were.  We were determined to make NPSNC reimburse us for the emergency bill as well as do everything in our power to make sure this doesn't happen to someone else's animal.This morning Easton and I took the day off work and sat down to contact NPSNC.  Although we were emotionally and physically exhausted, we kept calm while trying to speak to someone above the girl at the front desk.  Finally after calling multiple times we spoke with Office Manager/Head Technician Kate Smith Southard.  She told us that she did the surgery herself and nothing was wrong with Leo. She also said that the emergency vet only wants money and there was really nothing wrong and refused to reimburse us.  When we tried to get Owner/Veterinarian Arden Anderson we were refused.  At first we were told he would be on vacation for a few days, and then when we asked for an appointment with Mr. Anderson we were told he wouldn't be back for months because he is out of the country.Despite what seems like a dead end we are determined and will never stop until we get this resolved.
1	If there were an option for 0 stars that's what I'd choose. This place should be shut down. Years ago I made the mistake of taking my puppy Lucy to get spayed here and from the get go the staff was very rude and acted as if they were put out answering any questions I had at all. Later that day I picked Lucy up and her incision looked like a giant sloppy wound you would see in a horror movie. When I asked about it they assured me it was fine and would not send home any pain meds for her. The next few days Lucy was in extreme pain wailing and crying all night which shouldn't be the case. I thought that experience was bad but nothing compared to my brother's. Just yesterday my brother took his puppy Leo here to get neutered when they picked Leo up he was bleeding everywhere. When they brought it to the vets attention they assured them that it's normal to stop worrying. So they took him home. Well the bleeding wasn't normal he kept bleeding profusely to the point that his scrotum was completly filled up with blood and swollen up huge. This is the point they took him to the emeegency pet clinic where they gasped and said it is definatly not normal. They kept Leo overnight and good thing. They said if he wasn't brought in there was a good chance he would have bled out overnight. They also informed him that they get quite a few emergencies that come in after going to this hack shop North Phoenix Spay and Neuter Clinic. So take it from me if you can avoid this place at all cost if your pet means anything to you. I will never step foot in this place again.
