5	no appointment needed walk in and you will get treated asap!I've had to get blood work done several occasions for physicals and what not and I will always choose Sonora Quest Laboratories.Professional, quick and pain free. I had 12 viles drawn once for all types of test and  they were done quickly, painless and even had a nice chat with the professional drawing blood. Always choose Sonora Quest they are the best!
1	This review is based on their billing practices only and their corp offices on Washington was not listed so I picked where I go for labs. This is a copy of the letter I sent to the BBB in regards to their billing. I am also contacting the AZ attorney generalOn Wednesday August 20, 2014 I went in to get my blood drawn like I have been doing every month for the last year from your location at 16515 S. 40th Street, Ste. #113 in Phoenix. After waiting 15 minutes the lady working in billing called me up and presented with a bill from 2013 for 2,965.32. I was in shock as I go in every month and this was never brought to my attention. She then proceeds to tell me they will not provide me services until the bill is paid.  I look at the address on the bill and it is completely wrong they don't have my apt. number on it and I had moved. I advised the billing lady that I updated my address online with you back in August of 2013 and she was quite rude and didn't want to be bothered she pushed me off to your billing dept. I have End Stage Renal Failure and Sonora Quest is the only laboratory on my insurance and every bill this year has been submitted and paid by insurance.  Last year my job let me go because I was on LTD because of kidney failure and they advised me my insurance was good until Nov. 2013. I only later found out it was cancelled in August of 2013.  On Wednesday when she presented me the bill 2 ascensions were already in collection and 2 were not. I called customer service on Thursday August 21, 2014 and spoke to Kurt whom when I advised him of my situation, advised me he could make payment arrangements for 5 months which is almost 600.00 in order for me to continue to receive services from Sonora Quest. I get 1,000 once a month from disability. I cannot afford that. Kurt then promised me he would speak to his supervisor to see what he could do to make the payments affordable and he would call me back. HE NEVER CALLED ME BACK. I call back today and Kurt answered again, now I am told all the accessions are now in collections and they just rolled over so now I have to go to the lab to pay 50 percent of the balance to receive services from you guys. When I told him had you called me back when you said these would have not also went into collections. His response, "It is what it is" "go to Lab Corp" and "how would you have paid it if I called you back" First off Kurt is the WORST representative I have ever spoke to.  I admit I have a bill to pay but Sonora Quest has dropped the ball for the following reasons:1. You sent the bill to the wrong address even though I updated it with you and its funny RSI has the correct address. All my mail was forwarded also because I received 2 bills from you months ago from the same time frame and they got to me and I paid them.2. Why was I not informed of this debt when I go in EVERY month for bloodwork? Why was it almost a year later that I am informed?3. Since KURT never called me as promised the other 2 ascensions are now in collections because he dropped the ball and never even apologized.4. You provide a lifesaving service how can you not may arrangements more affordable for people and deny them services? Hospitals and Doctors all make arrangements.It is because of Sonora Quests negligence I was not able to address these bills in a timely fashion.  I don't even know the name of the girl who does the billing at location she does not wear a name tag. By the grace of god I was able to pay 50 percent of my bill and make arrangements with RSI to pay the rest and now able to receive services from you guys since you are the only ones on my insurance. I am also sending a copy of this to the AZ Attorney General in regards to your billing practices and the way you treat customers who need your services. I want action taken against Kurt got the way I was treated on the phone and the fact he never followed with me.
1	First let me say that I am sick and do not know what is wrong with me, thus my lab tests. I arrived mid day on a Monday thinking maybe the rush was over.Not one employee gave me eye contact. The woman that spoke to me at the desk did not look at me, ask me how I was or smile. AT ALL. I waited one hour in an office that looked like a welfare office. No one took the time to straighten up, or clean up. If you want the feeling of spending hundreds of dollars on test and being treated like you are invisible, this is the place for you. When I was taken in for testing, the tech asked how I was and I said I have been waiting for an hour, no one checked in with me no one made eye contact with me etc. She was very kind. she apologized. Listen McDonalds down the street with high school students put more into their job than these folks at the desk. Safeway staff are more aware of customer service. This place is horrible. I did see that you can make an appointment and if this is where my insurance requires me to go I will try that next time. But people come on. You are for the most part dealing with people that dont feel good. Put something into it.
1	First, let me say that the customer service at the Sedona location is very good. The technician more than competent. She gets five stars.My problem is with billing and the website. As we made payments, we never got a statement reflecting the payments even though my husband asked for corrected invoices. Also wrote two letters... No response. The invoice/Ascension were only on the site once and then disappeared. The results never showed up when we logged on. Now we are told it's going to collection and we'll have to make payment arrangements with the agency. But they don't know who the agency is or what their procedures are. Interesting because we've called three times and each time been told it's going to collection "tomorrow".
