5	I was referred to Robert Pho at Skin Design Tattooos  by my friend Big Bad Onxx from KushTV.com and couldn't be happier.  If you want custom work done, Robert Pho is your artist.  He's usually booked months in advance so if you want to make an appointment, call him up AT LEAST 1 month before your planned date.  You can check out his work at www.skindesigntattoos.com
5	Robert Pho is hands down THE BEST tattoo artist in Sin City!  He is a master at portrait work but can do just about anything you are looking for!  The shop is clean, instruments are sterile and the whole crew there is super cool.  Be sure to book in advance though...he's booked up to 5 months in advance.  That should give you an idea on how good he is!
5	Unreal work from ( robert pho ) Vegas prize artist !!! Do book time for a incredible piece!!! If you are looking for realistic and dont want to go to L.A ... do call now~~~
5	Robert Pho is phenomenal. I got my tattoo two years ago; it has not lost a bit of the integrity or color. His work is amazing and I cannot speak more highly of him. He is truly professional and will work with you to produce a work of art that suits your desire.I went in with 6 pictures for a consultation, told him what I liked about each one, and left the rest in his hands. The next time I went in he had drawn a masterpiece that I am proud to have on me. I got a tattoo of the Chinese Goddess of compassion and mercy, Guan Yin, along my ribcage. The piece was large and elaborate to commemorate all the strong women in my life. It was not too long after my grandmother had passed away. It is something that I look upon from time to time and still am amazed. It took seven and a half hours and two visits. Robert does not rush and places a great amount of emphasis on detail. I would recommend going to him for your tattoo, but make sure to call and schedule an appointment. It is not a walk in, get it inked half ass, and rush you out the door kind of place.I will upload a picture later.
5	I cannot speak more highly about Robert Pho @ Skn Design Tattoo.  The man is truly, THE best tattoo artist in Las Vgeas!  I'm currently working on a full backpiece from him and could not be more pleased with how it is coming along.  I will be back to see him once my backpiece is completed to start my other sleeve.  Once you go to him, you'll never want another artist working on yousome advice...1. make an appointment! dont even bother trying to do a walk in, he's usually booked months in advance.  Put your deposit down, wait your turn patiently.  Trust me, it will be worth it2. he is the artist, so let him create.  By all means, give him your ideas, feedback, thoughts and bring lots of reference material.  But give him a little creative freedom and watch the man do work.  9 times out of 10, he'll come up with a tattoo design that will be better than anything you could've come up with!
5	Got my portrait done by Robert Pho. What an awesome experience. I felt so at home and welcomed by Anthony, the reception person. I could not have had a better artist. My portrait of my daughter captured everything the picture had!!! It is amazing!!! Robert Pho and his staff at Skin Design tattoos are worth the wait and the money BEST EXPERIENCE EVER!!
5	A+Robert Pho is the man!  Would highly recommend this shop to anyone serious about some top quality skin art!Thanks guys!
5	This shop is unassuming. However, the work is proficient and approached with authority and attention to detail. When an artist is more concerned about small details about what's going on your arm forever than you are, you are at the right place.  Robert Pho must be an ultimate master because his "apprentice" Paco is a Jedi. I've had work done by others but I'm going back to them. Customer for life.  And, they treat you like a customer. When you walk in the door they dont act like kids that might not let you in their secret club. And, even though they are great they charge you the going rate (thats the best part).
5	This is the spot to go to if you want to get some ink done. The people are great and the work they do is just unbelievable!!! Makes me want to get more ink done.
5	I have always pictured the perfect tattoo. Talked to people about what I wanted but never felt the right vibe... That is until I was recommended to check out Skin Design Tattoo and talk to Robert Pho. His reputation as an artist and master in the black and gray style is legendary. But here's the thing, I met Vic Vivid an artist at Skin Design. As I flipped through his portfolio, I knew he was was my guy. And now, I have the perfect tattoo. Vic worked with me on the design and expressed a serious interest in what I wanted. What I wanted was a collection of the classic Universal Monsters. He delivered more than I could ever imagined. If you're looking for a permanent piece of ART to showcase who you are... Visit the incredible artists at Skin Design Tattoo. My recommend, visit with the artists first. Talk with them and pick the one right for you. Then be prepared to be amazed.
5	Originally I had found out about Skin Design Tattoo through yelp and was fascinated with the work and the ratings other 'yelpers' gave it.  I further investigated their website and sent an email to inquire about appointments, pricing, etc.  My email inquiries were quickly responded by Kelly (their receptionist).  She is extremely helpful and friendly!  I had wanted a tattoo done by Robert Pho himself but he doesn't do color tattoos!  With the idea of my tattoo I knew I would definitely wanted my piece done in color.  Kelly had recommended Vic Vivid (one of Robert Pho's other artists in the shop) and suggested I look at some of his work on their website.  After looking over his work, I quickly made an appointment.I've spent about 6 hours so far with Vic Vivid and I am amazed with the experience so far.  The skill that these guy have is amazing. Everyone there is 'down to earth' and they are extremely accommodating.  Robert, Pako and Vic are all great!   Even though I have 1-2 more sessions for my current tattoo, I definitely found a place I will come back to for future tattoos.
5	I have had my company logo tattood five times (five different people) and PAKO is patient (to say the least) and extremely detailed. The entire staff at Skin Design Tattoo are very friendly, their studio is clean, and I am looking forward to bringing more friends there for more tattoos. This is a place you can trust to get it right, every time!
5	I was planning a trip to Las Vegas and wanted not just any tattoo, but high quality art. I started searching the internet and came upon Skin Design Tattoo owned by Robert Pho. As soon as I saw Robert's work, I knew it was the place for me. Every site I found showed 5 star reviews and they are well deserved. Robert and all of his staff were incredibly friendly and helpful. My tattoo came out looking like a photocopy of the picture I provided. Everyone I show it to is just totally blown away. If you want the best, Robert Pho is your only choice. Just amazing.
5	Their work is truly amazing. Truly. I only got script done here but let me tell you I get so many compliments on tattoo. I have no complaints about the price at all. The people there are all very nice and welcoming.
5	Geeeeez what can I say about these guys? How about Amazing!!!! Kelly is there receptionist, awesome to deal with all my emails where answered with in the hour! Thanks Kelly!!! Pako is a super nice. I arrived 30min early before the shop even opened waiting for my appointment. I was ready to head out but Pako told me to hang out and make myself comfortable. His work is AMAZING!! Finally I had the honour to have Robert Pho work on me. His work is amazing and  breath taking! After my Boy/Best friend Lab was diagnosed with cancer a few weeks back, Robert did the best chest piece of him I have ever seen! He really took his time and paid strict attention to details of my boy that meant a lot to me, I nearly broke down at the studio after he was done. Robert.... a total HONOUR thank you!!Guys if your coming out of town and looking for Ink don't go anywhere else, This place is safe and totally professional!!! Oh.... unlike other studios that asks or gives you a discount if you give them a review, This is a true review and nothing was asked of me! Props to Robert Kelly and Pako!P.S they love Canadians!
1	Are you kidding me?! Worst experience of my life! Skin Design Tattoo is one of the worst tattoo shops I have ever been to in my life! Mind you, this isn't just your second rate 'star design' type of tattoo collector; I have travelled the globe and have had thousands of dollars of work done, so I have a little but of knowledge when it comes to a good tattoo shop...and this, people, is not one of those shops! On top of putting down a deposit in order to schedule an appointment, I show up and was 'ordered' to wait over an hour for the artist, whom I will not name, to be done with his previous client. Am I confused at what the purpose of an appointment is? I mean, it's to schedule a certain time with your artist, correct? Needless to say, all of the artist's cohorts made it possible for him not to fulfill his obligations, so I left. Don't worry, every time I'm stopped on the streets by people who ask about my existing tattoos, I'll let them know that none of them were done here, and why... you're welcome. I mean, consider literacy when you're evaluating reviews, people. You can tell by reading the rest of these reviews what kind of customers this place caters to. If it isn't obvious, uhm, the unfortunate, illiterate, willing-to-pay-anything type of people; sadly due to the fact that their self-esteems only allow for sub-par customer service, and art.
5	Just had an AWESOME experience with Andy at Skin Design Tattoo. He was extremely professional and very friendly. He clearly knows a lot about his craft and had an amazing & diverse portfolio of his work.  Additionally, it's so badass that tattoo artistry runs in the family and that Andy has family members in the biz.  Being from out-of-state, it's tough to find a reliable, trustworthy, clean tattoo shop. I would highly recommend this one to locals and travelers.
5	My tat story spans 20 years or trying to get it right! ..I had a small rose in college. .over the top of that a flower..then lazer removal..then a lotus..still I was left feeling disconnected from my design..I met with Robert Pho and he took what he saw in me and created the most beautiful piece of artwork..a Japanese style lotus...the cover up is amazing beyond words!!! I can't stop looking at it..it melts my heart to finally be connected to such an amazing piece of beauty...the shop and staff are truely top notch! I feel so honored to be wearing a Robert Pho original. .I am already planning my next visit!
5	Great experience at Skin Design Tattoo!Came in on vacation looking to get a shoulder piece done and was immediately greeted by Andy who informed me he could start on it that night. We talked through all my designs and the pictures I had brought in and made an appointment for 8 pm. When I arrived at 8 Andy was finishing up my drawing and was very patient working with me and changing things here and there. After the third or fourth draft we were ready to start. The shop is very clean and the conversation was great. We took a few breaks but after about 4.5 hours of tattooing decided to schedule an appointment to finish another day since it was 1:30 AM. My shoulder piece still has at least an hour and a half left to go but already looks great, I can't wait to see what finishing touches Andy puts on it! Overall great shop, I live in Reno but will be coming back to Skin Design for the half sleeve I have planned over summer and any other work I ever need to get done.
5	I decided to get my first tattoo as a tribute to my labrador and best friend Riley, who had passed away days earlier from a long battle with cancer. I yelped tattoo shops and found Robert Pho. As an award winning artist, I knew he could capture Riley's expression, his essence.I anxiously walked into Skin Design Tattoo for a consultation not knowing Robert is typically booked out months in advance. But thanks to a cancellation and good timing, he was able to fit me later that same day. Unbelievable!After reviewing several pictures and making a sketch, Robert was ready to get to work on my first tattoo but probably his 10-thousandth! I'll always remember how he politely asked me to come to his booth, sat me back and said "let's go". He moved with confidence and command, which put me at ease.While Robert worked his magic, Anthony and Andy talked with me and kept me calm. We talked about dogs and Mexican food ... and Anthony even made a taco run for us!These guys are professional, polite and crazy talented. The shop is super clean and their customer service is spot on. But in the end it's all about the finished product, right? Robert's vision of Riley is layered, textured, and a near mirror image of my little buddy. I walked in at the right time and walked out a true believer in the artistry of Grand Master Pho!
5	My first tattoo from Robert was in 1996 y'all!!! I've seen Robert in his throwback days while everyone was still doing homework and Shaqtin A Fool getting scribble scrabble!!! He is truly a Master of his work! I did my homework, and glad I had true homies to allow me to cross paths with tha Man of Ink!! Sincerely,David #noflowersguy
5	I went in for laser removal and the whole skin design family was great! Anthony made me feel very comfortable with the whole process keeping me informed as far as what to expect.  Prior during and after the procedure.  Definitely a place you should check out. Will go back for more. Also all the artist are very good and award winning.  I have a bunch of ink by Pako n we recently won a bunch of awards at the Philadelphia tattoo convention.  Skin design best shop in town.
5	I've had horrible experiences with all of my tattoos.  I was pretty much in a state of self induced exile the past 5 years.  For my birthday my wife gave me a push.  I did some research since Vegas is full of shady tattoo shops.  I ended up at Skin Design and have to say Andy was the cure to my personal tattoo nightmare.  The shop was very clean with no air of pretentiousness.   Andy did a great job and was a really nice guy.  He's talented but what sold me was his demeanor.  He was approachable, friendly not an elitist. Skin Design is a top notch shop.  My wife is already planning her next trip.  In a town with too many shops, look no further.  This should be your spot. I highly recommend.
3	First off I would like to start by saying I DID NOT get a Tattoo here. I went in with a design in mind and met at 4 different shops to check out artists with three located in Vegas and one in Newport Beach. I was quoted approx. 700 and no more for the forearm tattoo at two locations and 500 at the other. Skin Design quoted me 1,200 dollars for the piece which was so high I couldn't believe the quote. The work was only estimated at about 6 hours of work which means they are charging 200/hr .. that along with a customary artist tip .. I would have paid close to 1400 for a tattoo. The shop looks nice and the staff was pleasant. I just will warn to look around and pay attention to artists who are capable of doing the quality of work that you are happy with. Great shop , But for those prices you could get a celebrity tattoo artist to put some work on your skin.
3	So just like another comment that rated this place low, I also did not get a tattoo at this shop because their way of business is ridiculous.I called and asked for a reservation and the lady told me I had to put $150 deposit! Just for a reservation! I told her that my tattoo is a simple 5 character word tattoo, 1" tall and 3-5" wide and she said it didn't matter. And that their tats start at $150. I might have heard the last part wrong, but I shouldn't have to cough up $150 for a deposit for easily a $60-80 tattoo. It's a shame, because I was really excited to go here based on the reviews.
5	FYI this is about their TATTOO REMOVAL, which they also do. For the record, it is so painful, but that's just the way this procedure goes - any place that says they have a magical laser that makes it painless is lying. Anyway, Anthony was extremely fast and very very sweet about dealing with the squirmy, unhappy person I was for the whole 3 minutes it took and he did a great job. I feel bad that he has to deal with me every 4 weeks until these are gone, but I'm thankful to have someone as patient and understanding as he is to go through it with.
1	I got my tattoo done here about a month ago. Today, I went to get my tattoo retouched. It wasn't a major job, just covering some small spots here and there. I made an appointment for noon by their suggestion. However, when I arrived there, I waited half an hour for my guy, Jose, to show up. Then Nick came and told me he doesn't know if Jose would even come, but I already made an appointment! I asked if someone else could retouch my tattoo instead. Nick then told me that I could come in at 4 later in the afternoon because no artist was available at the time. But when I looked around, no artist was working on anyone else's tattoo! And why would I come at a later time when I already made an appointment? I wasted too much time for a simple retouch job. All they could tell me was a half-hearted "Sorry." Such bad service and poor organization is not worth the expensive price of my tattoo, which was a simple line and filling design. I first came here because I have been told that this is the best tattoo shop in town. After today's incident, I am incredibly disappointed. They don't care about the customer's time or satisfaction. Apparently, an appointment means nothing.  If you want to get your first tattoo, I absolutely suggest you look elsewhere. Bad price for bad service. Spend your money wisely. There are better shops in town. I don't plan on coming back.
5	I am always nervous when meeting a tattoo artist for the first time.  Especially when I am going to ask them to sketch an unseen design based on ideas and then I want to give feedback and possibly change what they've started.  I never want to insult an artist but I need to be sure I'm getting what I'm comfortable with.  Christian at Skin Design was wonderful to work with.  I bounced some ideas off him prior to my appointment, we corresponded over email about some further thoughts and when I showed up on the day of with a completely different idea, he didn't even flinch.  We made color adjustments during the session and he listened and worked with me throughout.  Super sanitary, great customer service skills and patient.  The first day after, I started getting compliments, lots of them.  Thank you Christian!
5	Thanks to Ant for my ear piercing back in February! Kelly, Andy and the rest of the staff are wonderful and welcoming. Can't ask for better customer service.
5	Tattoos are like paintings so its art!Unlike 99% of shops this place looks like an art gallery from the second you open the door!Its clean!Staff is great and owner is even greater!And check out artist Andy Pho!He will go far!
5	I don't even know if I have the words to explain how this place is . Let me start by saying I refer everyone I know to Skin Design . My husband and I have been going to Robert for a few years . Everyone is always professional and they make you feel like family . No matter how simple or intricate your piece is they make sure it turns out perfect . I constantly get asked who did my tattoo . A tattoo is a work of art on your body that will most probably be there forever . You wouldnt go to the 99 cent store for a wedding dress . So you pay for quality . (Clearly that's towards people that complain about prices ) Anthony is like a free live comedy show . And the shop is always clean . Kelly is always helpful and all the other artists are friendly . I wear my art with pride when I tell people who created it . Much Love to Skin Design .
5	I got a portrait of my daughter about 3 weeks ago from Robert Pho and he absolutely nailed it. I couldn't be happier with the tattoo and the experience at Skin Design was second to none. Super classy and professional with a great crew of artists and staff who made the experience top notch from beginning to end. If you're serious about good tattoos, this is definitely the place for you. I can't wait to go back for some more work!
5	As always, it's a pleasure to work with the artists at Skin Design Tattoo. They've moved their shop since my last review and it's simply stunning!Working with Vic again on my second piece (for my sleeve) has went extremely well and we completed this piece after two sessions. He's definitely a talented individual.You can't go wrong with this place, all of the guys here are great!  Be sure to call and make an appointment!I will be back for my third piece soon!
5	My daughter unexpectedly passed away last year on her 5-month birthday. About a month later, I decided to have a memorial portrait of her done (my first tattoo) on my right calf. It is an extremely important piece and I didn't want to trust just anyone here local (in Denver) to do it. So I asked around on several tattoo forums and Robert Pho's name came up multiple times. After reviewing his online portfolio, I knew he was the guy to tackle the job and I would be in good hands. The guy is so popular, I had to book several months out in advance. Everyone I spoke with at the shop was professional and super friendly.  From Kelly & Nick, to Ant, Andy, Fernie and Robert, they were all friendly. Most of the guys stepped in on my session at one point or another and chatted it up a bit and complimented my daughter's portrait. Great group of guys there.My session was pushed back a couple of hours because Robert went over on his previous client, but Nick gave me a call ahead of time to let me know. Robert stayed a couple of hours late after the shop closed to make sure he finished my piece. He took his time and didn't rush which I appreciated!  The guys in the shop said he [Robert] has a gentle hand and I have to admit that it wasn't bad at all.  For my first tattoo I was expecting much worse.  The first three and a half hours weren't bad at all... that last half hour I was starting to feel it but it was still tolerable. He did a fantastic job. It looks exactly like the image I brought in. The shading, the detail... better than I could ask for. I'll be going back next year for a forearm piece (one of me holding my daughter). I showed him the image and his eyes lit up and you could tell the genuine excitement he has for when he gets to do that piece. It's an amazing photo and I wouldn't trust anyone else to do it. I can't count the number of times I've been stopped by someone to compliment me on the piece. That's awesome... it gives me a chance to tell her story to others.You get what you pay for here.  Value is up to the individual, sure, but let me tell you this... with the price of the piece, plus tip,  two round trip tickets to Vegas (for me and my wife) and a stay in the hotel... all for just this one piece, it was still worth every penny and more! Robert is legit and from what I've seen of his crew... they all are! I can't wait to visit these guys again next year.
5	Robert is by far the best. He's got such a lighthand. My portrait tattoo healed beautifully. Worth every penny all day long.
5	During a recent trip to Vegas one of our friends wanted a tattoo and upon recommendation from our host we were referred to Skin Design. Wow...were we in for a surprise. Thinking we were going to go to some beat up tattoo parlor we ended up at a shop  that looked like it was a club/ art gallery! The place was spotless, the music was on point and the only thing missing was free flowing liquor! Ha ha! We ended up spending almost 6 hours there and thankfully for a cancelled appointment we were able to get our friend squeezed in and the work was as equally impressive as the shop. I would definitely recommend visiting this place because they were informative and patient as well!
1	This tattoo parlor's employees have no idea what "Customer Service" is all about, they have bad attitude, bad manners & unprofessional towards customers! And they dress like thugs, yet the whole darn place decorates like modern upper class tattoo parlor?! Thugs & upper class place just don't go together. So if I see this  review is deleted, I will repost this review till they decide to act professionally towards their walk-in customers!
5	Big up to Skin Design Tattoo Shop, this place is awesome I was honored to get tatted by the amazing artist Fernie Andrade I'm very honored and humbled I booked him for the full day got two amazing pieces my 1983 Raiders Super Bowl Ring and a super dope Lion. I was able to meet Robert and the rest of there tattoo family  from the shop and they are all great people nothing but love I'm a big fan of all of you the hospitality was off the hook, I will be back very soon for more work
