5	Ah, yeah. I'm taking Taco Mich's yelp virginity.I've been to several upscale "Mexican" places here in Phoenix with varying degrees of success. Taco Guild and Urban Taco, etc. They have their niche, but this aside from sharing the word "Taco" they really have about as much in common with Taco Mich as a 3rd generation, college educated Mexican-American who's lost his Spanish and a guy who's still paying off his coyote by picking up odd jobs at Home Depot.If that metaphor didn't do it for you, I'll state it more clearly. This is not a poncy re-purposed warehouse trying to peddle an overpriced meal on style alone. This is legit. the real deal. La verga verga. Un verdadero, autenico, hole-in-the-wall, Mexican restaurant. The type of place Sheriff Joe probably hates just because.This is your tongue-and-tripe-tacos-with-a-big-Styrofoam-cup-of-Horchata-for-$7 type restaurant. Or if your not partial to the idea of eating tongue (because honesty, there's no way you don't like the flavor), they also have the traditional beef, chicken, or fish. Don't like tacos? Get a torta. Or a flauta. Or one of myriad other authentic dishes that aren't served for some reason at your chips-and-salsa type restaurants.And if you've never tried a torta or a flauta, or tongue or tripe, shame on you!  Live a little, try something new! Be adventurous!The tacos are nicely flavored with cilantro and onions, and the salsa packs a punch and has great flavor. Add the meat and you're in taco heaven. Have I mentioned price? You can get five tacos here for the price of one at Taco Guild, and it'll taste better. The horchata is satisfying, and their agua de melon is novel and fun. I've don't see melon juice often at most hole-in-the-wall Mexican spots (maybe it's an AZ thing?), but I'm glad I tried it. Sweet, but full of chunks of melon, almost like smoothie. My only gripe is that they didn't have salsas in the salsa cart, you had to ask for salsa at the counter. A minor inconvenience all considering. The wife reported that her enchiladas were excellent as well, so you really can't go wrong here.My advice: next time you get a hankering for cheap Mexican, avoid Yuckyberto's and take a trip to Taco Mich.Great for: those who seek the Holy Grail of authentic tacoNot great for: Sheriff Joe
5	Phenomenal tacos. Cheap. Stopped in on the way to good Sam and ordered the 5 taco plate for $5.49. Carne asada. Street tacos the way they should be. Amazing!
5	Beef and pork tacos are amazing here. Just like in Mexico. Only tip would be to ask for extra salsa!
5	Great street tacos that taste better that the higher priced "authentic street tacos" at more expensive places. I judge a "taco-chop" like this on how good the tripas are. Knocks it out of the park! Crispy, seasoned just right and small enough so you can have several and relive the pleasure again and again. The birria and cabeza are tender and oh so juicy.  Write this down...real street tacos don't have lettuce, tomatoes or cheese.
