4	After our experience with the folks at Hearth and Patio (Monroe Road), we went looking for another option for our fireplace doors.  The only other option we really had was the Firehouse.  We did entertain the notion of going to the other Hearth and Patio near Northlake, which is why we took the trek all the way up into this part of town, but we stopped here first.To start with, the store is a lot bigger.  By that, I mean it's huge.  However, the fireplace doors are a much smaller part of the store.  They have a small little kiosk to see the selection and get an idea of what they look like.  From that, you have to decide what you want and make selections and whatnot.  So as far as that goes, it's not quite as good as Hearth and Patio.However, the staff is so much better than Hearth and Patio, it's not even close - they are helpful, and give you advice, and help you figure out what you really want, rather than just trying to sell you something.  Big thumbs up there.Plus, when you're done - or while you're thinking - you can wander around and look at all the cool stuff for the patio, for when it warms up.  Lots of other ways to spend your money.
3	The Fire House does what they aim to do well but they do it at a premium. They have a wide variety of outdoor furniture, grills, fireplaces, and hammocks. The service is friendly and enthusiastic (almost startlingly so). And I will be the first to admit that usually I am unnecessarily cheap, like above and beyond the call of budget. But on this one I don't think I am being unrealistic. Prices for patio chairs were on par with pricing for upholstered, good quality accent chairs in other furniture retailers. I understand that you get what you pay for, but I just couldn't do it. If you have deeper pockets than me, head on over. They really do have some lovely furniture.
1	The salesman did a classic bait and switch.  The patio set was on sale for 40% off, and we were told that included cushions.  After deciding to purchase and picking out a fabric, we were told the fabric we wanted was another 20% (~$600).  Outrageous but we were tired of looking.  We paid 50% down and on balance on delivery 6 wks later, but the delivery did not include one of the pieces.  We were told it would be another 60 days.  After not hearing back, I called and was told there were manufacturing issues and they wanted to know what I wanted to do.  I told them to give me the model off the floor.Will not go back.
