4	Although Yelp is more for food reviews, I had to review this tire place because they did a phenomenal job today.  I needed new tires, and for Christmas I decided to get the rims I always wanted.  I saw that this tire place had a 4.5 star rating, so I headed on over early in the morning.  They greeted me with elf hats on and a candy cane, which, for the season, was quite appropriate (and humorous).  They took a look at my tires, measured my tread right there, and told me what I needed to get and the time frame I could wait before changing them.  I decided to get the tires today, so they walked me in, gave me at least three choices of tires, explaining their shelf lives and prices.  I decided to get the middle priced tires and the rims on sale, which they packaged in a deal for me.  I saved about 100 bucks that way, but in total they were still around 950 for the entire service package (tax included).   I really didn't care about the cost because these guys are well worth it.  They clean--and I mean CLEAN--the entire floor, from the crevices between railings to the tops of the warehouse racks.  It was amazing how pristine this place is.  They only took 30 minutes to do the entire job, and they even shined up my tires. While sipping on free cocoa and chewing on a candy cane, it was nice to watch them do the job.  I love that their inventory is good and that their prices are competitive.  You must go here when you want to change your tires, too!  Russell is a doll!
5	I had a screw in my tire, as noticed by the lady in the car behind me in the Starbucks drive thru, so I decided to drive over to Discount Tire. I have to admit that there was a bit of a line so I almost turned around and walked out. Besides my dashboard assured me that the pressure was still the same in all of my tires. I saw that the line was moving swiftly so I waited a few minutes to humor myself. I had the pleasure of dealing with Jeff, who walked out to look at my tire once I told him about the screw. Once he inspected the large metal object protruding from my back tire and checked the tire pressure, he stated he would be right back. He ran into the garage and hurried back out with a squirt bottle and some pliers. He removed the screw and sprayed the solution on the spot the screw had been in. He congratulated me on not having a leak and sent me on my merry way. I have always admired the fact that Discount Tire fixes flats for free, but they earn my utmost respect for always being generously hospitable.
5	Always great. Always go to Discount for my tires. Recently went to this location for valve stems on my Jeep as mine were cracked. Even though they were busy, and (as it turned out) closing early that day, Brandon (waytogo Brandon) stopped, took a look, and only 40 minutes later (with 5 minutes to spare before locking the door) had pulled all 5 tires off (incl spare) and replaced each stem (and thats alot of work in a hurry) Discount is always fair, always efficient, always professional.
5	Quick attention to your needs with the most friendly staff. Always in and out with limited waiting with great prices on Tires. Sales associates very knowledgeable and clearly answering my questions plus giving helpful information on Tires and corrective actions to keep in mind. Discount Tires will always be my tire shop.
4	Needed to get some new tires and this place is close to my house so went online to check out what they had in stock for my car.  They had a good variety at decent prices.  I picked the tires I wanted, made my appointment online, and done!  Went into the store after work and had to stand for about 5-10 min because all the guys were helping people.  Once one was done he came over and helped me.  Since I had an appointment it went fast.  They knew what my car was before I told them my name and before I had finished paying they had already started working on my car.  Definitely love the appointment making here because I know the other people in the store were probably walk-ins so I just blew in and out.  I sat down, was reading my book and was out of the store in less than 30 min.  Great!  Still had time to do other errands.  Fast, nice, easy service!  Would definitely come here again if need more tire work.
5	Wife had a nail and we couldn't get here till after she got off from work. Discount tire closes at 6pm but they were nice enough to hook us up with a repair. Thanks Discount!
5	I don't usually post reviews but these guys blew me away! I am a professional estimator so it's in my nature to get at least 3 prices on everything. I've read good things about these guys so as long as they were in the ballpark, they would get last look. Well they blew the competition out of the water with their price. If it's too good to be true, it probably is? Not here!! My special order tires came in quickly and they worked with me to get them installed around my insane schedule. The installer did not like the condition of my lug nuts so he replaced them all at no charge. I dealt with Dan and he was great. So to make a long story longer, if you need tires you can surf the web for days trying to find the "best deal" or you can learn from my experience and save time and energy!!!!
1	I've been a loyal Discount Tire fan for about 6 years, but they may have lost my business today. I'm usually not one to write reviews but today my experience irked me enough to write one. I got a flat tire and, when putting the spare on, was easily to identify what caused the flat. It was a piece of metal (not a screw or a nail) stuck in my tire. I dropped my car off at 5:07 PM and was told it would take about an hour. First irk - the kid who helped me initially tried 3 times to sell me a new set of rims,even though I told him each time I wasn't the least bit interested. He did some stuff on the computer which I THOUGHT was related to my tire getting fixed until he turned the monitor to me, showed me a picture of some rims, and said "Does this interest you at all?" I said "look, I'm not a guy who cares about my rims." He finally got it. Before leaving I asked him specifically to check the tire in the front right tire. He said they would and that they check all the tires. I left and at 5:58 PM I called to see if it was finished. They said it would be done in 10 minutes. I pulled into their parking lot at 6:02 to see my car being driven into the garage. At 6:25 I finally got my car back. The kid that did the work told me they took out a screw (I knew that wasn't true), fixed a leaking valve, and checked the tire pressure in all tires. As I was driving off I noticed that my tire pressure gauge light was still on. I pulled over at a gas station and checked the pressure on all the tires. On the receipt it said that all the tires were at 32 PSI. However, when I checked the left tires were at 35 PSI, the back right (that had just been repaired) was at 35 PSI, and the front right, which I specifically asked them to check, was at 25 PSI. Needless to say I was not happy. I have always been pleased with the service at Discount Tire but I will never go to this location again! They were awful!
4	I went in to get an estimate on replacing a damaged tire. I had already called Costco and had that price on hand. When I commented that I thought I could beat their price at Costco, the guy called Costco himself while I stood there just to see if they in fact were cheaper. He was surprised to find out they were cheaper at installing, but he then BEAT their price!  Nice - what an excellent way to keep a customer and keep them happy. :)My tire has been ordered and although it will take another day to arrive, I am confident I made the right decision to stick with these guys.  Thanks!!
4	I have always bought my tires from Discount Tire. These guys at this store have always been super friendly and I get great, fast service every time I come here. I will always recommend this store for these reasons.
5	Truly above and beyond!!!!!.   Thank You so much to Donavan and the store manager!!!   You truly care about your customers.
5	I've always had amazing customer service here! Love this location.
5	I will never go anywhere else for tires, Every time I go to discount tire, they treat me good.
5	Made an appt and I got right in. Got new tires in 30 mins. Less time than they told me. Everyone is nice also.
5	I can't stand buying tires, they are too much money!! BUT not only did they match online pricing for some awesome tires, but they were very courteous and professional when handling my tire purchase. I was in and out in less than an hour. Randy was the guy that helped me.
4	Been buying tires from Discount Tires for over 30 years.Never a bad experience. Not sure it is always the best deal, but loved the service.This is their newer store, we come here or the one on Rancho Road.
5	I LOVE this Discount Tire location!  Every time I've gone there, I've never been pressured into buying anything and they've always taken care of me over the past 6 years I've been going there.  Went in for a simple fix and ended up buying new tires and rims for snowboarding season for my truck because it was that good of a deal!  Sent my friend in there a few hours later for 1 new tire (ended up getting all 4 replaced), and he was well taken care of by Randy!  Thanks again for everything!
5	Review #200!  Woo Hoo!  Let's bring out some stars!This Discount Tire went out of their way to help me get some new shoes for my 'Eva', the 1986 Honda Prelude Si that sits in my garage.  Ode to a classic!  Anyway, I was picky even wanting to get tires for my girl.  The Pirellis she had on her were classic too, so classic that they were made in 1998!  Yep, the tires I bought with the car were close to 15 years old!  I hated to even consider changing them out because they had little wear, 80 % tread life, and no signs of cracking.  But even the best tires should be considered for change after 10 years time for safety's sake.  Who wants to risk a blowout while cruisin'?  Not me!I considered Sam's Club and Costco first for a new set of tires.  Sam's was out of the running quickly because they didn't even offer the right size for my rims.  Finding a 13 inch tire is hard now-a-days!  Off it was to Costco.  After a quick search, Costco came out of the gates with ONE set of tires from Michelin.  The famed Michelin Defender, their newest high-end tire.  I figured it would cost me a pretty penny since they were top of the line.  And I was right.  A darn 13 inch tire would cost me $91.50 EACH after mounting, install, tax, and fees.  About $366 for a set of four!  Wow that's expensive!  Especially for a car that I will be driving no more than 5000 miles a year (darn right Eva has a 'classic vehicle' plate).I told Costco I would think about it.  I've heard horror stories about their tire department service from others, and the amount of waiting time needed just to put tires on a car.  After the price quote, I was told by Costco that if I dropped my car off at the first signs of opening it would take about 2-3 hours for it to get done.  If there was someone who managed to get in front of me before my appointment, it would take 3-4 hours.  Really?  Now I'm no mechanic but I do know it shouldn't take that long to put a tire on a car, especially when you have specific equipment to handle this.As a giggles experiment I called Discount Tire.  I was greeted with a warm tone, and began to speak what I needed.  Though I would be up Shi+s Creek when it came down to price because Costco is the supposed 'price leader'.  What happened surprised me.  Not only did I see they had the Michelin Defender tire that Costco had, they also had 2 other companies that made tires for my car rim.  These were also cheaper than the Michelin ones!  But, dude on the phone informed me that they're cheaper because they were rated for less miles than the Michelin ones.  The Michelin Defender tires are rated at 90k miles, which means I wouldn't have to change the tires for a LONG time with my light driving on Eva.  He also mentioned the Michelin tires have a better review rating as well.Other tires were out, Michelin was IN.  But, now it came down to brass tacks.  Got the quote from Discount Tire and it was much higher than Costco, like $50 higher for the set of four.  Told the guy on the phone that I would probably hit Costco instead because of the price difference.  He asked me how much they were charging me.  A pause, and a few keyboard strokes later, and dude from Discount Tire price-matched it!  Then he came down to $360 with tax just to make the number more rounded!  Told Discount Tire guy when can we schedule and I was in that next Saturday early.  Upon arriving, I was greeted then asked to assist with mileage on the car.  Discount Tire was like, "Nice ride!  So clean!  This really an 86'?  I'll make sure on the order to tell the guys to be careful with the car."  Then he marked the order in red all over 'classic'.  Before paying, of course I was gonna be upsold.  I was prepared to say NO.  Was offered their lifetime warranty for $20 on EACH tire.  I was like, "Nah, I won't do it unless the total for me is less than $400 out the door."  Discount Tire dude was like, "Hmm.  Let me see."  A few button clicks later he tells me he can do $399.xx out the door.  I was on the fence.  He tells me that the lifetime warranty covers EVERYTHING on each tire, defects, warping, cracking, nails, even if it is my fault.  For the life of the tire.  Dammit, I signed up!  Comes out to less than $10 per tire for warranty.Tidied up the bill, and sat and watched every move those tire techs did on my baby!  They really were careful, took off the rims and center caps gingerly, and went slow with removing my old tires.  Even then, the entire job was done in only 30 minutes!  No more waiting!  Great, friendly, fast, efficient, and reasonable service!  Tires were shined, and Eva was pulled out slowly to the parking lot.  All new shoes on her!  So pretty!  I will be back to Discount Tire for my tire needs for now.  Price-matching and service for me can't be beat.  My Eva and I thank you!  Love that new tire smell.
5	I would like to share my experience at Discount Tires on W Azure, got the best customer service from the time I pulled up up in my car from the time I left. It took them 30 minutes to get me back on the road, and I got a "GREAT DEAL" on my tires, feel like I am in a new car, I will recommend this location, great customer service, Thanks Rob your the best.
5	Great service and always very reasonable. They know what they are doing. Most places these days don't get it. Service oriented businesses have To be about service. And here they do just that. Thank you guys
4	It's not often we have tire troubles, but when we do the BF takes his car to this place. No matter the location, they're always with good service. This particular one is rather friendly and helpful. It's not usually too busy, but if you're on a crunch make a appointment just in case. They are usually fast with service so I don't think this could be the worst wait in your day. We had a flat and replaced all 4 since it was close to time for a replacement anyways. They said they will call but gave us a approximate time of an hour. We went to the Egg and I to eat and in 35 minutes the car was done! Quick service, honest and always friendly makes us come back here. Also FYI you can bring in your flat and they will fix it for free even if you've never been a customer. Don't use that fix a flat stuff from the store, just take the tire here for a patch up.
5	Awesome service!!! We had a nail in our tire. In and out in less than 20 minutes without an appointment. Free repair. Best ever!!!
5	Wish I knew their secret, they have exceptional customer service. More businesses need to take notice!
5	My valve stem of my 2013 Jeep Wrangler was damaged it looks like some I was trying to take the tire pressure sensor out of it but did not know what they was doing. I don't know somebody damaged it. Took 35 minutes for him to fix it. But they're very nice people there.
5	Great friendly and knowledgable staff. Good prices. See Rob Ruenzi for your tire needs.
5	I have been coming to this Discount Tire for the last few years now and I have never had a problem. The workers here are always courteous, nice and professional. The staff has always been honest with me no matter the situation and I respect that a lot. I would recommend this location 100% to anyone. Their tire prices are also reasonable and the staff might ask you if you would like new rims or something but never try and push a product on you or try to make you purchase something you don't want.
5	Came here on my way out of town the day after Thanksgiving. Was just looking to get a tire patched. Spoke with taylor. Went above and beyond. It had been punctured so I had to buy a new tire but taylor put the new tire on so fast I barely had time to blink. He made it such a quick and easy process.
4	Recently we drove to Las Vegas for my sister in law's wedding. I like to drive fast, and the high speed for almost four hours was probably the reason my 'check tire pressure' warning light came on.Knowing that we needed to drive all the way back, I did not want to risk doing so on low tires. I was mentioning this to my brother in law and asked him where the nearest gas station was that had air to fill up our tires. He suggested going to Discount Tire. They would check the air and fill up all my tires for free. It sounded good to me!I called on Boxing Day at 8:45am to make sure they were open. A nice gentleman was very friendly and said yes they are indeed open. He said to just pull in to the first lane and they'd take care of me.I drove there and saw four cars already being serviced in all of the lanes. I was worried I would have to wait. Then Matthew walked up to me and directed me to the leftmost lane, which I did not realize was open. In less than five minutes he filled up my tires and I was on my way! He did not try to sell me anything or tell me anything was broken. He informed me that my tires were down to 26 psi, and the cold weather may have been a contributing factor. He was super friendly and knowledgable.I think it's great that they offer free tire checks. If I lived in the area I would be a return customer. It gives them a good reputation for customer service. This is exactly what a good business should be doing. They would earn my future business if I ever happen to need tires while I'm in Vegas.
