4	How wonderful and delightful my lunch be! I had Asian Chicken grilled salad.  Fun place for kids. The have a nice play area.
4	The fries were a little soggy, but still good. Dr. Pepper was excellent!!!
1	Dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb...dumb, dumb, dumb, dum, dummmmmmmbbbbb. Waited in line for-ev-er cuz the sensor didn't pick up our truck. So, we proceeded to the window to place our order & had to tell the girl 3 times that we wanted a Mc-gridd-le, real slow like so they'd understand English, or so we hoped. But alas, it shan't be. They even had it correct on the receipt, but nay, I tell you, nay. The screwed it up afterall.
1	I think I gave this place 6 chances....SIX!  sounds ridiculous, I know.  I guess I suck at life.  I bet this place hasn't served a fresh chicken nugget in months...If by some act of God, they do happen to deliver some freshly-prepared delicious bits of saturated fat, they know what they have done, and they HATE you for it.If you're in phoenix or the surrounding areas, fast-food in the summertime is a hot-bed for food-borne illness.  Just look at the front page article in today's Arizona Republic.
3	Day I went service was extremely slow.
3	Clean inside, seems to have been remodeled recently. Same mediocre service, average chain location.
5	Employees work incredibly hard to satisfy customer needs. They deserve more than minimum wage. Also, the cute brunette guy "Eric" I believe is a stud! Charming too!
2	Nice restaurant inside and out , bad customer service. Expect to hear the workers talk more than prepare the food.
2	Went through drive thru and every was ok up to the point of 2nd window chick at the window asked me if I order diet I told her no and then she has the guts to ask if I paid for my order umm no chick I jst came to the second window without paying because I really wanted to get away with not paying for 2 drinks a order that totaled $2.16 lol really come on. So it seemed like there orders were all messed up lol she could of just asked what my order was and then go and ask her fellow coworker if I paid but whatever's I guess. So customer service not to great, can't really say much for food since I did not order anything, but 1 large powerade and 1 large Dr. Pepper.
