3	Nice clean lil (well big) sports store. I went into this place to look for some old school shin guards (none of this hard plastic stuff, the foam pads). To my dismay, they only carried the plastic ones (which are illegal to wear for martial arts tournaments). They carried just about every shin guard under the sun except for what I was looking for. They had a very nice slingshot (which would piss off my neighbors tryin to kill the flying vermin) haha...They're more along the lines of hiking, camping, golf, fishing type of stuff. More outdoor-sy than sporty.
4	Sports Chalet is where I buy the majority of my sporting goods because they have decent prices, good selection and helpful employees. Bert in the shoe department is great, he has helped me on multiple occasions. Sports Chalet carries everything from bikes and skateboards to backpacks and mountain climbing gear to clothing and shoes. They also rent equipment. Want to try snowboarding this winter but don't want to drop a few hundred bucks on a board? You can rent one for the day or the entire season from Sports Chalet. Make sure you sign up for the Rewards program, after you spend certain amounts of money you receive gift certificates.
4	I'm a sucker for a sale!  And they almost always have really good sales.  I had heard their prices were higher than Dick's or other sporting goods stores.  Regardless, I was in search of specific items and found they have really good prices.  The staff has always been helpful when I go in.  I've always found what I need for a reasonable price.  When buying sporting goods, I make a point to go there because they have a points based rewards card.  Really nice incentive for shopping there.
3	Came in here with the hubby so he could get some wax & other ski related items the other day. There was a very helpful guy in that section who offered his help. My hubby found everything he needed and we went over to the workout area and I was kinda shocked at the prices. After going to Dicks and seeing what they charge there this place did not have very good deals or a great selection on workout accessories. So for those items I will be going to Dicks. But for winter sports this place is pretty great.
2	Sport Chalet only gets two stars from me because they do not carry ammunition which I was looking for on Saturday. I must say though, the staff was very friendly. The gentleman I spoke to did not hesitate to refer me to Dicks Sporting Goods. I appreciate the honesty and lack of excuses.
5	It basically has everything I need when I need to buy any sport activity that I plan to take on! Bought my first bike here, scuba diving gear, my leg warmers, & a few purses & gym clothes.  Everyone in the store is so helpful and accommodating.  They are always willing to help and answer any questions I have and they are very knowledgeable with their equipment & their section.I'm even thinking to get scuba certified here in Sports Chalet, maybe one of these days I will :)
4	The times I have been to Sport Chalet have been for some odd-ball reasons, mostly having to do with my husband wanting to go there to look at sporting equipment. The last time we went we were browsing for a bicycle for myself. I wanted to look at different styles and get a feel for what I wanted. I had already done some research online so really I just wanted to see the bikes in person. While we were looking two employees actually came up to us and chatted, which was nice. They both appeared to be knowledgeable about the merchandise.The store offers a wide range of sporting equipment, some camping equipment, and sports clothing as well. I've browsed their tennis section - purchased tennis rackets last year, their golf section, and my husband and I have looked at their scuba gear, as well as looked into their classes for scuba diving. Yes, they offer scuba diving classes! You can become certified.Overall the store offers a lot for the sports-minded folks. If you need some type of equipment you can most likely find it here.
4	Ever since I decided to change my life and get back in shape, places like Sport Chalet, Dick's Sporting, and Big 5 have been my Mecca.  Anything that I need, from workout equipment to clothing, I can find at said places.  I live near a Big 5 and the place is extremely small and disorganized.  Which, made it impossible for me to find what I needed / wanted.  So, my closest alternative is Sport Chalet.  I have bought everything from shoes, sunglasses, workout gear, pedometers, and some nutritional supplements.  I have, for the most part, been given pretty decent service.  And, my questions are usually answered thoroughly and respectfully.  Sport Chalet is much bigger than the Big 5 that I have gone to, but it is much better organized.  The employees are friendly and knowledgeable.  Now, here is my review from my last visit:Sport Chalet is in the same strip mall as Best Buy off of Sunset and Marks.  I walk in and was greeted by a friendly employee.  That always makes me feel more comfortable.  It's like they value my business.  I knew exactly where I was going, as I have been here many times.  So, off to the weight lifting / gym area of the store.  My only reason for this trip was to find a weightlifting belt.  Something to hold my innards in as I squat and dead-lift.  But, the selection was poor and I didn't find what I was looking for.  But, because this place is my "mecca", I didn't want to leave empty handed.  So, I asked if they carried chalk.  It isn't in the place I thought it would be so I asked where to look for it.  I wasn't pointed in the direction of where it is located, but taken there.  Another thumbs up! So, I got what I needed and checked out in the front of the store.  I will continue looking for the belt I need, but I will be back here for my other needs.
4	I hate to say it but I like the store.  I truely believe stores like this are destroy the smaller stores in this town, but that being said...they have a great selection on just about anything outdoors.  The selections are better then REI IMHO.  I believe they are the only store/shop in town that carries SUP gear.  The workers tend to be knowledgable about everything and are not "snobby" like one can find at the smaller shops in town.  They don't really have the super high end gear that one may want, but if you are heavy into a outdoor activity then you already have your favorite shop to shop at...or online.Basically this place is great for the "first timer" generally.
4	First experience in this store was a success.  I went shopping around for cycling gear for spin class.  I didn't want to make a large investment but just wanted quality stuff at a decent price.  I'd looked around at other stores (REI, Dick's, Big 5) and either couldn't find what I needed/get the help that I wanted (Big 5) or just didn't want to spend the money other places were charging for something I'm doing as a novice. Sport Chalet had a nice, refreshingly open layout in comparison to Big 5, which I found to be entirely too cluttered.  I was greeted and helped promptly and was directed to sale items that saved me some money while meeting my needs.  The employee even attached the cleats to my cycling shoes free of charge.  That was a big help considering I'm a total spaz when it comes to using an allen key (I absolutely cannot be trusted with assembling ikea furniture either, but I digress).  Overall I was able to fulfill a need inexpensively here.  The selection and prices are fair and the service was good.  I can't say I like this place better than REI but when I'm on a budget or want to "shop my options" I'll definitely stop in.
1	I was in the Sports Chalet on Monday Aug. 12th 2013, just after 10:00am.  I was looking for a new wet suit.  After standing by the wet suits for about 15 minutes my wife went to the desk to ask for help.  A girl with a bad blonde dye job said she would send a guy over after he got off the phone.  Again we wait, and we watch while the young man and the blonde girl have a conversation at the desk with each other and another dark hair girl.  We decided to leave and on the way out my wife said, "Thanks for the help".  The worst part the little smart ass dark haired girl blurts out, "Have a nice day" as we were going through the doors.  I went to another place bought a wet suit, spent a little more money but got the service I deserved.  I'm sure the $400 I spent at the other place would have more than covered the salary for all 3 of the employees at Sport Chalet for the day.  I sent an email to customer services and their response, believe it or not, was not to respond.  I will never do business at that place and have been spreading the word of the crappy service and lack of caring for their paying customers they have.  The attitude of "Spend your money and shut up" does not sit well with me.
4	I'm normally not on this side of town, but couldn't find what I needed on my side of town. I was impressed by the size of the store and the selection throughout. The staff up front greeted up promptly and we were approached by a very knowledgable employee in the team sports section. It was definitely worth the drive and I will return for future sporting goods needs.
1	UPDATE:  I did receive a email from a Customer Service Supervisor in response to the review of Yelp.  It seemed as if he was generally concerned, as he should be.  I still doubt if I will return to the store which is convenient for me since I live near it, but I hope they get their issues resolved for their businesses sake.  They wanted my full name because he said the district manager would like to talk to me personally.  Never heard back from anyone after giving them my information.  Says a lot about customer service of Sports Chalet.  I didn't expect anyone to care about 1 person.  But how many people have left the store with the same service but don't say anything.
2	Three weeks ago we stopped in here looking for discs for disc golf. When we walked in, we asked an associate where the disc golf section was.He looked as us blankly and said "we don't have that stuff here."Not believing him, we walked around and, big surprise, we found a decent selection of discs. We took a couple over to the guy and said "you do have "that stuff." Next time just say "I don't know.""So yesterday, I wanted to go get a new disc, and they had the one I wanted the last time we were there, I just didn't have the cash.So we go in, and their selection is AWFUL.  They literally had 10 of one kind of disc, and 5 of another, (both drivers, which is what I was looking for, but they didn't have the one I wanted) and a handful of putters.So I found a driver that was similar to the one I was thinking of getting, but wanted to see if they had anything in the back.  Having worked retail for years, I know most stores keep a little bit of back stock.So...we approach an employee, who turned out to be the same guy who we had encountered last time.  We showed him the discs and asked if he had any back stock.  He barely glanced at the discs and said "Not for that stuff."I'm sorry, what?  You don't even know what I have in my hands.  Don't talk down to a customer like that.We found someone else to ask, and basically got the same thing.  It came off as an "I don't know, so I'm just going to say no because I'm too lazy to go and look."Ran into a manager as we were leaving, and asked her, and she actually explained that WHY they don't have anything in back stock, and she was the first person to apologize to us.  While they usually have a better selection, I may not go back again simply because of the service, or lack there of.
1	I have to say I really am disappointed in Sport Chalet.  There are few stores who have bad customer service as well as just a messy store.  We went in looking for a few camping items.  The store was messy and a little more than a tad disorganized.  It wasn't cheap either.  Really no sales or discounts at all. My comment about customer service?  We tried to find someone to help us with a question in the camping section and found no one in the store except up at the front of the store where there were 3 people just standing around talking and joking with each other.  The check out line was 5 deep with one person doing check outs.  The 3 standing there just didn't really seem to care nor want to help anyone. This place is a no go for me to go back.
4	I'm sad this place closed. They always had awesome clearance sales, and THE BEST deals on gym clothes during Black Friday.
