4	True Middle Eastern food, well, as close to it as you can get without the sand. Reasonably priced and great for lunch. Wish it were open later
5	The food is really fresh and delicious.  The hummus is second to almost none.  I love how the hummus appetizer comes with both pita and fresh vegetables.  Normally I get a little weirded out by vegetables at a seemingly fast food oriented restaurant but man the food is good, fresh, AND fast.  If you are in the area and want something quick but not a greasy burger this is the place!    Not a sit down restaurant and the only real down side is that it's not a 5 star dinning room.  The store however does not need that and does not go for that.  This place is awesome.
2	I live nearby and have literally passed by this place 1000's of times.  Today was the day to take it off the "To Do List".  I dropped in around 11:30 am, just before the Lunch rush.  It is located in an outdoor food court in a business mall and has a handful of tables inside with community tables outside on the patio.  It's casual fast food dining, so don't worry about dressing up.After browsing the menu, I decided to order the Gyro Time ($6.95) and the Falafel Pocket ($5.95) with a bottle of Water....total damage with tax $15.53, ouch!  This was without any sides.After a short wait my order was brought out by the cashier.  A small side of Hummus and Tzatziki Sauce.  I dove into the Gyro first.  It was full of Gyro Meat & Onions.  The Pita was nice and moist but the Meat was bland to me.  Despite putting the Tzatziki Sauce on it, it was still lacking flavor.  I was hungry, so I finished it.  Next up was the Falafel Pocket.  It was stuffed with Falafel, Tomatoes, Onions, and Cucumber.  I used the Hummus and remaining Tzatziki Sauce with the Falafel Pocket.  I liked it better than the Gyro.  The Falafel had a nice flavor to it and it went well with the toppings.Overall, I was underwhelmed by the experience and flavors of their food.  For the price I paid for the food, I expected much more.Will I return?  Nope.
5	I really really like this place.  I have literally  walked passed this place countless times, and entered the subway right next to it.  I asked a few people about it, and they all said the same thing.  That it is good, but they didn't like the cucumber sauce or "white sauce" if you will.  After checking the reviews here on yelp I decided to give it a whirl.  I'm really glad I did.I ordered the standard Gyro time and a order of fries.  After hearing all the bad comments about the sauce I heard you can get hot sauce so i went with that.  Little did I know the white sauce comes on the side, so I ended up with both.  I am really happy I got the white sauce I think it compliments the warm meat with a cool creamy freshness.  I rally enjoyed my Gyro.  This place is a great alternative for greasy fast food if you in a hurry.  The fries are very crisp and light.  I returned again a few day's later and I was satisfied once again. Think I might have found my new favorite quick bite joint.
4	The BF and I were in the area and I have been on the oddest craving for falafel and want to find the best one in town. This was stop #1.We shared:Gyro Time Sandwich ($6.95)- pretty decent but I like my gyros with more than just tomatoes. Fafafel Sandwich ($5.95)- This is what I came to test out. Angela H. said the falafel was decent so I wanted to give this place a try.  I think it's pretty solid overall. It was crispy, but kept moist inside. Flavorwise- I still have a preferred place to get the flavor I seek. They gave us tzatziki yogurt and hummus on the side. Hummus worked better on the falafel. For $3 more you can make it a combo meal with a drink and a choice of side: fries, grilled vegetables or spinach pie. The BF and I both chose the spanakopita and were surprised by the size. I was expecting a small triangle, but they gave us a generous slice and it was pretty tasty. We had a bit of room to try the baklava ($1.50) and it was pretty good. Not overly buttery or too sweet. I think if you're in the area, it's not a bad stop for lunch.
4	I stopped in here on the way to a friends house. I am not normally on this side of town so I'm not sure if I will ever make it here again. Ill start with the bad, I'm not sure if it was the time of day I was there or what but the other people in the little food court area look like they all just took a hit of their crack pipe. And they charge you extra for peperocini's. RUDE Now the good. I ordered the Gyro Time and it was great, a lot of meat. I wish their cucumber sauce had more flavor and it had more tomatoes in it but I was satisfied when I was done eating. If i ever came here again I want to try there hummus and spanicopitta.
3	Finally you, the genius reviewers of Yelp, have gotten it right! I agree that Gyro Time on W Cheyenne firmly deserves a 3 - 3 1/2 star rating.The major problem with Gyro Time is the price of the food. Each gyro, although generously proportioned, is seven bucks or more. Even a Greek God with a brain the size of a rabbit turd can realize seven plus U.S. dollars for a single gyro is outrageous!While paying a total of eighteen bucks for two gyros and a small french fry sucks, the food deserves praise. My steak souvlaki and my significant other's gyro time sandwich were mouth-melting. That means good. And the french fries, although average, got along really well with the creamy cucumber sauce when making love. Since I was picking my food up to go, I can't say with conviction whether or not the service was good. I will tell you this : The girl that rang up my order used her Library voice in a completely empty restaurant when I asked her a question. I could have taken offense to the way she was acting, but I just took it out on her tip. She got nothing.Baladie Cafe, atleast in my world, remains the best Greek food in Las Vegas. If I'm ever in the area of a Gyro Time again, I'll probably just fart and drive by. But if I ever make Bill Gates money and crave a fat, meaty gyro, I might think twice.
3	I work in the business park here, so I come from time to time to grab lunch here. This place has a pretty good selection of Gyro stuff and salads and all that. Personally, though, I go for the chicken fingers with fries. They're pretty good, and even better when they're paired with their cucumber sauce. They also have other less-cool sauces: ketchup, mustard, ranch, barbecue, and buffalo. This place isn't super cheap, or super fast. My biggest deal with them is they're slow. It takes them about 8 minutes to get an order out to you, which is too long when you're on a short lunch break. I sometimes call my order in ahead of time, but then I usually have to wait for it a little bit, too.
2	Tasty but expensive. Prices comes with Taxes.
4	I always like going here, they are nice and always pretty fast. It's right by my house so that's a plus. I love their fries dipped in the cucumber sauce.
3	I work next to Gyro so is a good place to have lunch.  The price is fair but they do have great Gyro.  I did became a big fan of there chicken tender and fries especially dip in there butter ranch dressing so good lol.  Anyways for all you who looking to enjoy a nice greek style of food come to Gyros Time.  I approve this message
5	Even tho Gyro Time is pricey. It's super tasty on the meat and sauce. They put so much meat that there is no room for lettuces and tomato. I always think about buying an extra pita bread but always forget until I start eating it. If the price is cheaper I would definitely eat more Gyro Time. Also if they stay open later. Closing at 8pm is early but I guess the area is dead so =T sigh
4	Solid lunch spot, fresh and easy, fast and made to order.  Classic Greek, I love the simple gyros pita or the greek salad with gyro meat.   A slight pricey $10 with drink, but its a filling meal that you will eat every bite.  I do!  4star solid reliable stuff on the run! Not a date place, unless you are married.  lol
4	Gyro - Hero- Year-o; however the heck you want to say it = deliciousness if you grab it from here. I needed a quick bite to eat on my lunch break and found myself here.  I order my food (around 1pm) right away, no waiting, and then received it within 5 minutes; fantablolous! I was worried with like 4 people in front of me that I was going to be waiting.  I got the gyro time which consisted of some thinly sliced succulent meat with a little onion and tomato and of course the 'cucumber' sauce.  I skipped on the pita bread (yes I know, how could I be so retarded) but instead emptied it all into a bowl, poured the sauce, and chomped down!  I'm not use to having fast place joints such as this serve up a good tasting gyro as it usually is charred or tasty funky- this was so not the case here, thank goodness!  If I'm in the mood for a good gyro for 7 bucks I know exactly where I will be coming back. Extra plus for giving a good size container of the sauce! I didnt give 5 stars because it wasnt the best one I have ever had, but very very good non-the-less!
4	For a fast food Greek place it's not too shabby.  Food is delish and generous.  We ordered the Gyros sandwich and salads, both were generous with their meat and very tasty.  The staff is friendly and there indoor and outdoor seating.They have nontraditional Greek sauces for your enjoyment as well as the usual tsatsiki sauce (yogurt).  There is always parking.
5	Gyro Time has the best gyros I have ever had. I love the cucumber sauce!
1	Expensive, insipid and no customer service. If you go there be ready to spend too much money for a gyro. Oh and don't go there hungry or you'll come out broke and still hungry. No garlic add on anything? Greek Gods are shamed of you.
3	I really liked the gyro. Overall,  for the money,  I liked it better than The Mad Greek. It was full of flavor,  and it was filling. Might lack a tad on the atmosphere, some old prints of Vegas on the walls,  but the good service, and the quality of that  gyro made up for that. I 'll eat here again.
4	I was a little worried when I saw it was a chain, almost left...but it was good. A nice, big, fat gyros with plenty of stuff, at a decent price. Good stuff, would repeat.
5	found this place on yelp this afternoon. I enjoyed that the place was clean and service was quick. I was in and out within 20-25 minutes! About the food... the gyro was about all i could handle, it was hot, onions were fresh and the cucumber sauce was amazing! The fries were awesome and enjoyed the self serve drink station (was kept clean, usually stations like this are unkempt and look dirty, this one did not). I expect to eat here again, once I'm not as full as i am now.
1	Gross just gross go to Mediterranean Grill caffe' for the most delicious gyro! It's on lake mead not far from here.
5	This place is off the chain.  Best Gyro in the world!  Simple and delicious!  Highly recommend!
3	Got the original gyro. Average at best. Agree with other poster, for a great gyro go to Med. Grill.
4	The original gyro is super good and meaty !
4	Great Gyros. The ratio of meat to veggies and pita is perfect.  Nicely spiced with a great Tzatziki Sauce.  Order the fries well done and you could not ask for more.  Enjoy sitting outside during the nice weather times of year.  Sits in a "food court" plaza where every location is a restaurant so it is nice as everyone can get what they want.
1	Customer service today was beyond believable. We have been order from this location for over a year on advange 2 times a week. Spending close to $100.00 a month. We always order 2 Gyro salads,2 to 3 Gyros and 2 to 3 fries. Today when we get back to the office we notice that they forgot the cucumber sauce for our Gyro's. How can you eat them plain? So I call and ask them to remake  the 2 gyros and fries since by the time I get back there they will be cold from sitting the last 30 minutes. When I get back the girl has a really bad attitude and tells me she can  heat the fries and gyros in the microwave??? Then just give me the sauces?!? I could not believe what she was suggesting. Instead she gave me a refund and lost a regular customer that comes in faithfully. Pretty sad being a business owner my self that she would even be allowed to treat her customers like she did today!
4	Gotta say this place is always comes through when I need it. Very conveniently located to my house and only com plate is that it closes at 8. As far as food is great! I usually always order the grilled chicken or the original gyro wrap. Comes with tones of meat and vegetables, and come with a delicious side of cucumber sauce. I also like the fact that is comes on the side for I think you get a little more and it make the wrap not get all messy. Another great option they have is that they have a vegan option for their is no egg in the pita and the falafel. So gf loves that and she gets in a wrap or salad. And for sides they have very good French fires or on the healthy side they have grilled zucchini. On another note the staff is super friendly and always has a smile.
4	I went there for lunch today and was very happy with the service I've received. I am always happy with the food at gyro time but most of my visits have been aggravating because the order was never correct in the bag but reads on the receipt like I ordered it. Well, today was different. Today, It was a perfect day. It's a different crew since the last time I was there, my order was perfect and so was the food(as usual). Please keep up the good service like I had today and outstanding food!
5	Holy Pita....this place is pretty good! It's only got a couple traditional dishes. Mostly it revolves around the gyro. But my gosh is it good meat!  The tzaziki sauce (cucumber sauce) is ok. I've had better. But it's good. I can tell you this I'll definitely be back!
4	Surprisingly good.  My wife and I just visited this place for the first time and really liked it.  We each had their Original Gyro Time gyro.  They had a ton of nicely flavored meat on them, tomatoes and onions.  The sauce came on the side and was very good.  We'd have preferred to have some lettuce and feta on them, but the default configuration is still excellent (and filling).  Next time we're there, we'll ask them to add those things (it looks like the feta will cost a bit extra).  While we were eating, we also noted that a lot of people were ordering their fries.  They *looked* darn good, so we'll probably try those next time, too (though the sandwich alone is already more than enough food).  It's a bit expensive for, essentially, a gyro in a fast-food setting.  But, overall, I think it's worth it.
2	I've tried this place once before..had d Gyro with d white sauce added top of d meat. 2nd time the meat was bland, sauce on d side. Driving off d Hwy I've seen their big poster advertising their Gyro with the white sauce on top..coming from NY where I've had n enjoy Gyro sandwiches all d time the sauce is on top of meat along with all the only stuff that goes with d sandwich..Why on d side? I won't b eating at this place ever again..can't get past d bland tasting meat..sauce on d side no big deal..But..why not b authentic n add it to d sandwich the way it shld b done..I guess I of cld told them to add d sauce onto d sandwich lik it was done w/d first Gyro sandwich I ever had there. Taking it to go d 2nd time it was on d side..took a taste of d sauce-less meat..it had no flavor...really bland..it needs that sauce big time..Will I go back? Nope..looking for a new n better tasting Gyro place..
5	Been coming here for a long time. Never let's me down after the gym! Salads are killer!
3	When I'm in the mood for a gyro this is my go to spot. The gyros are tasty. They are a decent size and very filling. They come with lots of delicious meat, onions and tomatoes on a pillowy-soft pita. The cucumber sauce comes on the side and it is good but it could use some more flavor like salt and pepper or something. I usually get a gyro and fries for around $10 and I leave full and satisfied. They have some other Mediterranean offerings like hummus, falafel, baklava and a really good Greek salad but this is by no means an authentic Greek restaurant. Think of it as Greek fast food. I ordered pickup for dinner tonight on my way home from work. They were just bagging my order when I arrived. The food was still hot and fresh when I got home and now almost 5 hours later I am still full!
1	Nastiest greek-Inspired food I have ever eaten! So many things wrong with their food. I got a greek salad and fries. You can't screw this up, but they most certainly did!!! The tomatoes were warm and soggy. There wasn't any feta and the dressing was just oil. Way too much oil (not olive oil)to the point of tasting fishy!  The lettuce was in huge chunks and brownish. The ketchup was chunky like it's never been mixed properly. Lastly, the gyro sauce aka tzakiki sauce was all sour cream. No garlic. No cucumber--just bland!!! I paid $9. Would not recommend anyone comes here to eat. It's a disgrace to the greek culture!!!!!
4	I have been looking for a decent gyro place since I moved here from Chicago, and I'm very happy I found gyro time. Gyros have a good amount of meat on them, which is the biggest problem I've had at other places around here. Skimpy ass gyros! Who wants that? Anyways I can't comment on anything else there, but gyros are pretty good and inexpensive.
1	The gyro was alright. Found two hairs in my fries before starting them. Wonder how many were in the sandwhich I ateNasty.
4	I have been going here for many years . Love the time sandwich bit they do not have meals any longer and price is going up. Still better than any other Gyro place in town.
5	Gyro time I been eating here since 1978 at the original location on Charleston. They specialize in Mediterranean fast food. The usual items are on the menu including the traditional gyro a blend of lamb and beef  mixed with veggies served on a pita with a side of the best cucumber sauce ever. My favorite us the grilled chicken gyro. They make fresh and awesome food there restaurant is clean . There baklava is killer as well. I highly recommend.
4	I've been a fan since the 80's and I like the food but I must say that the prices change quite frequently. And since its ala carte a meal for one is now over $12. Still, if you would like a decent gyro, it's a good place to stop and eat.
3	Whenever I am in the mood for a Gyro this is the spot I go to!The only thing I really like here is the Original Gyro and their french fries.....but I LOVE the pita bread and the fresh shaved lamb and beef with that sharp fresh onion, BEAUTIFUL!!I have tried the sliders (which they are I guess suppose to be just a smaller version or the gyro).... no... not even close! The original has the REAL pita bread, soft fluffy... not at all the same as the sliders.The Chicken gyro was dry and really didn't have much flavor at all. I also wasn't a fan of the Greek Salad....Like I said stick with the Original Gyro and French Fries..... Delicious!
3	The  gyros are good but a bit overpriced----tastes like a typical gyro. The fries are the cheapo kind that are sold in the frozen section of a grocery store.  The service was fast and friendly.  Would come back again.
