5	I get my hair & eyelashes done there & I LOVE IT! I won't ever go anywhere else. Super cute & totally affordable clothes there too! It's hard not to shop! Staff is super friendly & I always feel beautiful when I walk out!  I can't say enough good things about this place... you'll just have to check it out.
5	Fantastic salon experience! Wonderful service, helpful staff. Full range of services. I always feel prettier when i leave. Check them out!
5	I get my hair done there and I love it. I have curly hair and have had more bad haircuts than I can count. I know every time I go I will leave happy and beautiful. The salon itself is gorgeous, and the staff and stylists are professional and friendly. I drive a long way every month to go to Haute Fringe, and it is totally worth the time and gas it takes. I wouldn't dream of going anywhere else!
5	I got my gel nails done at Haute Fringe with Marianne. She's super sweet and professional. I got my toes done too! I would recommend going to see Marianne. The best way to reach her is on her cell. Marianne 425-260-7973!
5	Modern salon with an array of services.  Professional, friendly staff. I'm always asked where I get my hair done after I leave the salon!   I refer them to everyone!
5	Love full service salon! Looks great inside!  Love 2 shop, they sell the cutest clothes!
5	Everything about this place I loved! Lindsey was my hairstylist and she was amazing!Very friendly when I called to make the appt. and even sweeter when I met her in person. The salon itself was very clean and modern looking. Plus I like how it's not far from where I live. My hair is exactly how I wanted it and it looks even better than I expected. She may be a younger hairstylist but very knowledgable and did a great job giving me what I wanted! Thank you so much again and I definitely will be returning! I have found my salon and my new hairstylist :))
5	Vanessa = the best.  I've seen her at a different salon as well, but this place is much more fitting.  The salon is a great size, very clean, and very professional overall.  It has a sleek look and the stylists definitely know what they're doing.  If you're making a random appointment, ask for Vanessa.  She did my Keratin treatment and recommended some really great products to keep my hair healthy.  (It was a massive disaster of dryness and dead-ends before I saw her...)I'm going back for a deep conditioning treatment this week (6 weeks after my original appt) and I can't wait. :) The location is pretty far out of the way for me, but it's worth the drive. :)
