4	Okay girls and boys, we know by now that tanning ages your skin and no one wants to look like a dried up old prune when you're 30. But then again, who wants to look pasty white? The Organic Glow offers an alternative and what's more, the owner -- a delightful and, once she gets going, hysterical gal named Michele -- comes to you! She actually came to our office and set up camp in our lunch room. She comes in tow with a folding tent, an airbrush contraption and an all-natural, stink-free tanning formula. You can undress to your level of comfort (I would recommend an old bathing suit if you want tan lines) while Michele carefully sprays you down in the tent. Pretty cool. Michele's down-to-earth attitude also makes you feel at ease about the whole business of standing at attention while someone sprays bronzer onto your exposed bod. Michele's background is in makeup for photo shoots so she's used to this stuff. Her prices are decent but even cheaper if you have a friend along.
5	I'm a natural red headThe palest of the paleI've tried "Mystic tan" in the past and ended up looking like an oompa loompaI was going on vacation to Puerto Rico and decided to try fake tanning again, so I didn't look like an albino.Found Michele here on yelp, and I'm glad I didMichele came out to my house, spray painted me and my man in a blue tent she set up in the backyard.My man wore briefs, I wore a thong and went toplessMichele was able to use the "light" tan coloring on my skin, so I didn't look like an oompa loompa!  Hooray!I looked fabulous for Puerto Rico.  The tan faded after about 3-4 days (though I was in and out of saltwater, covered in spf and mosquito spray constantly)$50 well spent in my mind.  Huzzah!
5	Most natural looking tan ever! She is the best! In fact I had a trip planned and the only time I had before I left was at the crack of dawn to get tanned, she actually was at my house at 6AM, and did a great job! Don't be nervous no streaking or wearing off on the clothes even whte ones! Plus she is super nice and fun to talk to! I will be doing this again for my next trip!
5	Great way to fake the bake! Michelle works out of her studio or can come to you. Very professional and sweet woman. I had a wonderful first experience as she made me feel very comfortable even though she saw me in my birthday suit! She was able to accommodate us girls last minute and did an awesome job! I love my "glow" from the bronzer and am so happy with the results. There's a HUGE diff. b/t an air brush tan & a misting tan from a machine. My tan was even w/no whipping lines or missed spots. She is very thorough! I def. recommend Michelle will give her a call the next time I'm back in AZ!
4	Love how she came last minute, it was a TAN EMERGENCY!! LOL Sweet girl. Mind you..if she comes to you make sure you have a lot of LIGHT available. I stripped down commando style and my color came up looking the same as other tanning places I've been to. (I'm a natural olive tone) But I'm sure she's phenomenal with pale tones. If I'm in need again, she's on my list :)
5	I got  to know Michele as she was doing my make-up and styling for shooting of my Yoga DVD (currently #1 flow DVD on Amazon - Yay!) AND SHE DID INCREDIBLE JOB! She made me look like an angel - perfect light make up - so I was looking natural but spectacular....and I am super picky regarding my looks especially for yoga shoots - where you can over do so easily ;-ONow I am frequent flyer at her studio coming for an organic spray tan! Being "scandinavian type" and trying to stay away from the direct sun - I became addicted to this. As I am in service industry myself, I truly appreciate how professional and experienced she is. The results are perfect = so natural. Believe me - I know what I am talking about - I have turned out orange few times already - NEVER with Michele.Have you seen her pricing? No comments necessary - it is a steal!
1	I had a horrible experience with Michelle Lee. I live approximately 50 minutes away from her location and she booked an appointment with me at 10 am and when I arrived at her home she was not there. When i called her she didn't answer but then texted me to tell me that she had a photo shoot "come up" and wouldn't be able to do my tan until 3:00 pm. I drove 50 minutes each way for nothing, and when I told her this was unacceptable she got extremely rude with me. Stay away from this woman!!!
5	As a native here in Arizona, I know to stay out of the sun! I don't want to look like a wrinkled up old lady, however I love the look of a golden tan. I tried the automatic spray tanning beds, YIKES is all I have to say!! I looked scary!! Thankfully I found Michele. She is a true professional, I felt totally comfortable and she was able to customize my tan so it looked natural! I looked sun kissed :D which is difficult with my Irish skin...I looked 10 lbs lighter YAY! I'm so excited to have found her!
