1	This place was recommend by the hotel I was staying at.  It was the worst prime rib I've ever had.  There was fat running throughout the piece of meat that was practically impervious to my knife (which actually wasn't a good steak knife at all).  It extremely hard to chew.The service was only so-so.The one hight point of the evening: the chocolate pudding creme brulee.We complained to the hotel shuttle driver on the way home and apparently this place is "hit or miss" and it depends on "who's in the kitchen."  That's just no good at all.
3	I used to go here all the time when I lived in the city, now I only make it a couple fo times a month.  Dean and Richie (owners) are total pittsburgh originals.  You have to have the right expectations with this place.  The steaks are not as good as capital grille, mortons, etc.. But, they are very reasonably priced and are good.. not great...but good.  I suggest you just have a cheesburgher or try the filet/portabella appetizer (which used to be the best deal in town at 8.95, however now I think it's like $13).  My buddy Dan is the bartender and he's been doing it since he was 18 about 1/2 his life so he knows what he's doing you'll have fine conversation if you go alone and end up talking to the bartender all night.  The other bartender is good too.. Josh.
4	I love this place.  They have a great lunch menu which includes a variety of foods - pasta, ravioli, chicken, steak (obviously), sandwiches, soups - something to please everyone.  The waiters are all very nice and the restaurant itself has a very laidback and relaxing atmosphere.
4	This place gets a most improved award.They used to have crap for food.  But with increased competition they have really gotten better.The service here is generally better then average as well. The place is kept up nicely too.
2	I've been to Pittsburgh Steak Company a couple times.... once to try their steak and once for their Prime Rib special Monday nights (all you can eat for 17 bucks)Their steak is moderately priced, but underseasoned (a little more salt + pepper please!) and lacked the nice sear outside I like.  I've had better tasting steaks at chain restaurants...More importantly though, their all you can eat Prime Rib dinner.  It starts out with a generic Italian bread with butter.  Next up comes an iceberg salad that is still wet from the bag and soggy cucumber slices.  Their Prime Rib came next.  They start at medium rare; they can't do rare, which is disappointing.  The first piece of Prime Rib was underseasoned, extremely chewy, and was a really poor piece of meat in general.  Excess fat, and not in the marbled good sort of way.  Also excess silverskin.  Gross.I will say that the second piece was much better though.  But inconsistent quality.....  Halfway through my third piece (overcooked) I decided to stop w/ the meat and just eat bread to fill up.It also came with a side; I picked creamed spinach.  Pretty standard.Like Neal said, no it's not Capital Grille or Morton's, but there's no reason to settle for mediocre to sub-par steaks either... or is there?
2	Probably one of the more underwhelming experiences I've had since getting to Pittsburgh.Service was slow.  I felt sorry for the guy - I don't think he was bad, but maybe they were understaffed?  Anyway, it took about 15 minutes for me to get my water (but only 5 for my friends to get wine and beer?).  We didn't get our entrees for an hour.  I got the prime rib, and my friends got the NY strip steak and ribs.  I opted out of getting the salad, because I was pretty sure it was going to be bad.  Lo and behold, it was your standard iceberg lettuce with almost no toppings, drenched in salad dressing.  Even one of my friends decided not to touch the thing.  I thought I had dodged a bullet with that one, but was stuck snacking on the tasteless bread.  My prime rib was pretty... lifeless.  One does expect steaks to be lifeless by the time they get to the table, but this one simply lacked any sort of flavor at all.  I resorted to drenching the thing in horseradish, which resulted in several wasabi inspired nose clearing moments.  I think my friends' dishes were OK.  Nothing to write home about.I think Pittsburgh Steakhouse co is probably good if you don't care about steak.  The place is old fashioned and clearly meets the needs of a certain clientele.  But if you are looking for flavorful beef, don't come here.
1	I ordered a Pittsburgh/Chicago Rare/Black and Blue steak and it came out grey and with faint grill marks. The PIttsburgh Steak Company cannot make a steak to correct pittsburgh rare doneness? Food was just thrown on the plate, with no consideration for appearance. And it was not busy in there. Pathetic.
1	Can someone explain why they sat the group that entered after me before they sat me?  This is a bar, plain and simple -- nothing more.  Yes, they serve food, but you are better off getting drunk first.  At least that way you wont be able to taste the food that you do order.  After finally being seated 10 minutes after we should have been seated, I noticed that the dining area was empty. NO ONE had passed us on the way out and our server was ONLY dealing with two tables.  I should have taken that as an omen to leave; but I was HUNGRY!After letting my hot head deflate a little, I looked through the menu and we ordered the following items:French onion soupPotato skinsPrime rib (med) with baked potato and apple sauceNew york strip (med rare)  with twice baked and tomato/cucumber saladThe potato skins came out rather quickly and this helped my mood a bit.  I tasted it and found that it was actually rather good.  My hopes had gone up with that first bite.  I could taste the potato, the cheese, and the bacon and they went quite well together. As I was consuming the little delectable treats, the French Onion Soup and my tomato/cucumber arrived at the table.  It is somewhat difficult to ruin my salad, you would have to serve rotten veggies; on the converse, they didn't do anything I couldn't do.  At least I enjoyed the veggies.  The soup was an entirely different matter.  A more appropriate name would have been Italian Breadcrumb Soup.  It was truly the worst cup of French Onion soup that I have EVER eaten.  All I could taste was a preponderance of Italian breadcrumbs.  Who adds breadcrumbs to French Onion soup?  I moved back to my remaining potato skins.Our entrees arrived some time later and so I was able to look around at the entirety of this business.  It is interesting to see that it is a bar in the front, tavern-esque seating in the center, and a dining room in the rear.  While the interior looks nice, though, it wasn't spectacular and it wasn't making my meal any better.  When our entrees finally arrived, I focused on them.The prime rib came overcooked.  It looked as if they dipped it in the au jus sauce.  That is beyond a novice mistake.  You do NOT dip a prime rib or steak in au jus if it is supposed to have a temperature of Medium-Well or less.  Why you ask?  Well, because of the fact that the au jus is VERY hot and it will cook the prime rib at least ONE temperature higher.  At least the New York strip was cooked to the proper temperature.  After taking several bites, we both came to the same realization: these were the two worst steaks we have ever eaten at a business that calls itself a "steak company" or "steak house."  Both of the cuts were rubbery, fatty, low on taste and high on gristle.  Is it possible they get their steaks from the same place that Taco Bell gets their meat?Suffice to say, we didn't finish the meal and I doubt we will be returning.  I feel comfortable with the 1-star solely because of the potato skins.
3	Went last night to grab a steak while in town. I had the NY Strip and my date had the filtet tips...both of us asked for Medium Rare. When the meat came out, mine was rare-medium rare which was good, while hers was more medium. I think that all cooks/chefs that work with nice cuts of meat should be able to cook all temps and all sizes. Cheddar Mashed potatoes were good as well and the Brandy Peppercorn sauce (would have made it a touch less peppery (oxymoron, I know)I have had better steaks in DC for about the same price.
2	I'm giving this restaurant a generous two stars for the following reasons: service was terrible and the quality of the food did not justify the price.The waitress was all but totally absent from our table.  She refilled our drinks once, didn't even bring out our entrees, and only appeared to drop off the checks.  The worst part?--the place wasn't that crowded.As for the food, I ordered a fillet, and after the menu discouraged me from ordering anything but a bloody steak, I broke down and opted for medium-well.  This place's medium-well was the equivalent of a normal steakhouse's well-done.  Don't get me wrong, the fillet was juicy and had a good taste, but the portion and overall quality certainly did not justify the above $30 price.If you have to eat here, go for the burgers or other "bar" food, not the steak, which ironically, is the restaurant's namesake.
1	This place must be be a front for some illegal activity behind the scenes. When one orders steak at a steak house you expect flavorful pieces of meat. I ordered the porterhouse and the waitress asked if I wanted steaksauce. Now, a perfectly seasoned steak from a steakhouse should not need steaksauce. I needed steaksauce after one bite. It was tender, nice grill marks, but whomever cooked my steak neglected to use the basic seasonings of salt and pepper. It was the blandest steak I've ever tasted. I asked for potato chips instead of the potato, and loved the homemade chips. Dark, crispy and salty, not greasy at all. Came here for lunch once and had the eggplant parm, it was very good. The chef used Pank breadcrumbs and the edges stayed crispy even under a blanket of excellent sauce. Lots of fresh mozzarella on top. Very good dish, but not enough to make me forget a very bad steak.
3	We ate here a few weeks ago per a recommendation from the hotel we were staying at.  While I do not eat steak a few of my friends do and they said they liked it.  I ordered the Chicken Peppered Penne which was delicious.  I asked them to make it extra spicy which they did.  The pasta was cooked perfectly, the sauce was creamy, and the dish had a great flavor.  The service was good and the prices were reasonable.
3	Tried dinner there on a coupon. Overall a good experience, but not the caliber steakhouse the prices imply. Great martinis.
1	What a huge disappointment!  The steak tastes like it is either old or has been previously frozen.   It was cooked perfectly, so I fault the manager/owner, not the chef.  Green beans were undercooked, though, with too much butter.  Pasta side had awful sauce.It took forever to get drinks, although our waitress did comp my wine since she forget about it.   She also forgot that i had changed my mind on which cut of steak to order (before she left the table) and served me the wrong one.  She asked me to try it and offered to take it back if I didn't like it.   Tried it, didn't like it.  She followed through and brought me what I wanted.  Chocolate cake was very good.  Decor is terribly outdated, but not in a cool retro vintage way.  Servers were friendly.  Owner/manager and buddies were sprawled out in the center of the restaurant watching the game on tv - not very professional.  I don't recommend this place - you will be very disappointed if you are looking for a good steak!
4	We ended up here after our initial dining choice was waved off by an unannounced private party, followed by a martini ordering nightmare down the street.  PSC was an oasis at just the right time.  The ambiance wasn't 5*, hence my rating, but the martinis were large, cold and dry and the gorgonzola filet melted in my mouth.  The garlic butter beans were also a great side.
1	My wife and I have just moved to Pittsburgh and we were excited for a night out on the town sans kiddo's. We booked a hotel room downtown and set off for a nice dinner and a nice night Dahn Tahn!We decided on a good steak dinner and sought out a great steak at a reasonable price! We settled on Pittsburgh's Steak Company...bad choice.We ordered deep fried calamari as a starter along with a diet coke and coke to help wash it down...the server was DYNAMITE! Mallory was what you want in a server, attentive, not intrusive, and there when you need a refill! Back to the food!The food came out in a timely manner but one major problem at the first bite the calamari was under cooked! It was straight out of the fryer but not cooked through YUCK! Nothing like a rubbery pop and crunch of under-cooked calamari!We had also placed our order for two bowls of french onion soup and two 12 ounce NY strip steaks mine also had a Gorgonzola topper.The french onion soup was weak, bland, and lackluster at best! The onions lacked any flavor, the bread overpowered the bowl, the cheese was about the only thing in the bowl that was redeeming.Then the main course arrived! Two thick steaks my wife's was supposed to be medium and mine medium rare. The Gorgonzola was a thick white melted blanket on top of my steak...not a topper but an equal on the plate with the steak! Off to the races as these were thick cuts of NY strip and that's when the mystery of how do you screw up a steak began! It's a steak that the cooks even at franchise restaurants can seem to get right 95% of the time. Oh what an epic failure! The cut of steak was not the tender juicy strip I was expecting but a chewy more on the rare side of things monster that was costing me $25 just to eat. The Gorgonzola was a mild cheesy blanket that lacked any of the pop you expect from Gorgonzola! The steak had little to no fat trimmed off the cut leading to those fun bites of chewing, chewing some more then being faced with the decision to spit out the fat or swallow it whole. My wife who ordered it at medium got a cut that was cooked to more medium rare, the blood on her plate turned her stomach and finished her halfway through her not so tender monster. Now instead of being out on the town with my wife, enjoying some of the fun and character that Pittsburgh has to offer we are holed up in our hotel room nursing aching stomachs as we can't seem to get past the overpriced, poorly cooked fare our bodies are trying to digest.STAY AWAY!!!!! Besides the server and the soda the food fell flat and lacked any real redeeming qualities! Pittsburgh is our new home but we will never bother to submit ourselves to the culinary crumminess that is Pittsburgh Steak CO again.
1	I went there with my bf for a new years eve dinner we dont get out much so i figured we would try a new place. we walked in and it was right at the bar we stood there 5 min before anyone even came and got us then a bus boy seated us (weird) we waited another 5 min before our waiter came to take our order she was nice but too in a rush. and there servers in a fancy resturant are dressed like bartenders in a sports bar. she took our orders then we waited there and she showed up with to small slices of bread and butter packets that were frozen! awful. are food came quick because it was preheated! we could only pick between bake potato and chessy potatos fries were an extra 3 bucks! and vegie chose was cream corn or green beans! the rice which my bf ordered was hard and nasty green beans were under done. steak was ok but VERY fatty. seriously i will never go there again. i paid 50 dollars for something i could have made at home for half that!  or coulda went ta red lobster and got twice the size meal! also there mean sucks no chicken. only chicken and pasta nothing that stands out all very bland then they ask if you wanna see a desert tray with desserts made and you pick which you want how tasteless!
1	I would have really like to give this poor excuse of a restaurant 1/4 star, but had to settle with one star.  Upon entering the restaurant, you're at the bottom of a long stairwell,  There's a sign that says "Private Dining Room".  To the right is a glass door that at first glance, you can just see a bar.  So we go in and there's no one to greet you.  The female bartender, who had maybe 2 customers, didn't look at us.  We walk through the bar area to the dining area.  No sign of a host or hostess.  So we don't know if we should seat ourselves or wait.  There's no sign indicating we seat ourselves and we don't want to stand around looking like idiots, so we claim the first booth we see.  It is so dark that I practically needed a flashlight to see my boyfriend across the table.After about 3 minutes, our waiter barely stops by and says,"I'll get you two some menus".  No introduction or welcome.  He comes back and places 2 thin menus on the table and introduces himself as "Jimmy". He has absolutely no personality and actually seemed irritated to be waiting on us. The menus are in dire need of an upgrade and seem to be held together with a glitzy rubber band.  Mr. Personality waiter returns & I order the flat iron steak.  The choices of sides are pretty lame:  baked potato, mashed potatoes, cheddar mashed potatoes, or fries.  The vegetables are:  creamed corn or pickled beets.  So I had to choose 1 side and 1 vegetable.  I chose the cheddar mashed potatoes and the creamed corn.  My boyfriend had the traditional prime rib and also had the same sides as me.  We were quite surprised that a salad wasn't included as one of the sides.  2 slices of cold white bread with little packets of butter were plopped down on our table.  They were dry and tasteless, but we ate it anyway since we were both starving.  Then our meal arrives.  Our mute waiter simply put the meals in front of us and walked away.  First impression of the plate being set down before me was not good.  The cheddar mashed potatoes were luke warm and the texture was like cement.  There was no taste of cheddar at all.  The only sign of cheddar was the orangish color.  The creamed corn was a mustard yellow color and looked like baby food.  There were no corn kernels or cream.  The steak looked good and was cooked a perfect medium rare.  That's it.  It was so bland and tasted very "gamey".  I don't think there was one grain of spices on it.  My boyfriend's prime rib did not look like prime rib at all.  It had so much gristle and fat that he only ate half of it.  We both ate most of our meal because we didn't want to waste it.  Our waiter did ask us how our food was and we said "fine".  It was pointless to me to even say anything because it wasn't going to change how our food tasted.  We just wanted to get out of there.  A bus boy took our plates because our waiter was no where to be found.  His personality was 100 times better than our dull waiter, who finally came back to offer us dessert.  We declined, of course.  He went over the the computer to print out our check.  He then placed it on the table and walked away.  Not one word was spoken.  So I rewarded his stellar behavior with a $2 tip....on a $50.45 bill.  I will never give one penny to this "restaurant" again.  I cannot believe they let food go out of their kitchen like that.  One would think a restaurant that specializes in steak would have steaks that are out of this world.  Wrong.  You can get a better steak at TGI Friday's!!!   DO NOT EAT HERE!  You WILL regret it as I do!  2 things were despicable here:  service and quality of food.  Stay away!
1	I was in Pittsburgh on what happened to be Saint Practice Day.  For those of you who don't know, this is the weekend before Saint Patricks Day.  Pittsburgh - hats off, you guys know how to party.  Wow.I was staying at the mile or so away Sheraton, and figured I would join in the festivities and created my own pub crawl on Carson Street.  Unfortunately I ended up at Pittsburgh Steak Company.From the very first few steps in the door, I probably should have known better.  There is a sign that says Private Dining Upstairs.  The hallway was cluttered with what you would expect with a bad tenant at a 3 family rental.  Seeing the bar, my desired destination to the right, I went through the next set of doors.  The lack of crowd and open seats at the bar probably should have been my second clue.I hop up to the bar, and try figuring out the taps to my right.  There is a stout, and being St. Practice Day, I figured that might be a good choice.  I asked the bartender who made the stout, but unfortunately he doesn't know, and explains to me what a stout is.  I ask again.  Now he's really confused.  We finally, after some checking with management, me with my smart phone, and likely some guessing, determine that there is a good chance this is the Poet Stout from Keweenaw Brewing Company.  The bartender, in somewhat of a surrender, kind of shrugs and says it's not what we wanted, nor what we ordered, but we had to get a stout in here today.  Amazing.A few moments go by, and I overhear another conversation.  A woman is asking the bartender about a menu item.  His reply - I really have no idea what it's like.  It's far to expensive for my budget to try something like that on the menu.  Sad on many levels.I decide I need something to eat, if I am going to continue my trek.  I order the Steak Rolls.  "Marinated, ground filet, sauteed onions, mushrooms, Asiago and mozzarella cheeses placed in an egg roll wrap and fried to golden brown. Two to an order served with an Asian dippimg sauce"  (the typo is theirs from their website, not mine).  They were rather tasty, however someone missed the second word.  Nothing ground about the huge chunks of what seemed like slow cooked potroast in my eggrolls.In general there seems to be a sort of identity confusion here at this restaurant.  I think the wall to the right of the bar is rather telling.  They don't know if they want to be the "poster like" cover of Sports Illustrated with QB Big Ben, or the much classier, beautifully framed original painting showcasing the legends of the Penguins right beside it.I hope they figure it out before it's too late.
3	Decent place to grab a steak.My wife knowing the carnivore the I am picked the Pittsburgh Steak Company for Father's Day since it was about the only steak house in Pittsburgh that we hadn't tried yet.The three of us walked in and where seated immediately as we had reservations. We started off with the crab dip and it was very good. ($8.95)I ordered the Montreal Porterhouse with a salad and baked potato as my entree. ($29.95) The wife ordered the Medallions of Filet (Filet medallions prepared in a Brandy sauce with mushroom, peppers and onions.) with a salad and baked potato ($20.95) and our daughter ordered the.............................drum roll................................. kids cheeseburger and fries. ($5.95)FYI They do offer a kid's menu you just have to ask.Our salads were good and the dressing was really good. The fresh bread offered with them was tasty as well. My porterhouse was good but, it wasn't outstanding. It was tender and juicy. The Montreal seasoning was pretty good but as others have stated my steak was missing something. I added salt, pepper and A1 steak sauce which helped but it was still missing something. Not sure what. The baked potato was really good though.My wife said her steak was about the same as mine. Good but missing something. My daughter give me a couple fries and a piece of her burger and I was very surprised. They were both FREAKIN OUTSTANDING! I will defiantly be back for a burger and fries.All in all our food was good and the service was good but, I just could not justify the price when Capital Grille, Hyde Park, Morton's and Ruth Chris are some much better for pretty much the same price.
3	Food is decent but not great service is good and its in a nice spot to eat if you sit by the window but i wont go here if im looking for a premium steak.
4	I went here Monday night for the all you can eat Prime Rib.  The Prim Rib is always on par, but I want to talk about the potatoes.  We are mashed potato fans, but not everyone serves mashed potatoes.  It's a crime in my book not to have mashed potatoes, but that's my opinion.  These mashed potatoes were new.  They were a three cheesed mashed potato with bacon pieces.  My boyfriend ordered an extra helping and then ordered them for dessert.  We are serious about potatoes.  Let me just tell you that these potatoes are like crack.  We just couldn't get enough.  We didn't see pieces of bacon, but it didn't matter, these potatoes were devoured.  When the potatoes came for dessert (no I wasn't kidding), we were told that they had forgotten to put the bacon in the potatoes we ate for dinner.  OMG is all I can say.  These are the best potatoes I have ever had and I hope they stay on the menu.  I would go there just to eat those potatoes.
1	We went there since we got a restaurant $50 gift certificate. The service was terrible. We tied surf and turf, the lobster was ok but the sirlion was terrible. The ribeye was good. The sides were as terrible as the service. The salad were not fresh.Moreover, they don't have dessert menu. And tax plus tips kill this deal. We spend more than $100 for this dinner and not a deal at all.Restaurant.com gift certificate may mislead you, be careful!
1	We went here to celebrate my mom's 60th birthday after she had seen it and asked to go.  The service was below average (waited 30 minutes for 2 salads and 2 slabs of meat at LUNCH time). Steak Salad was more of a French Fries salad barely any lettuce or veggies at all.  The Christo salad had jumbo "shrimp like" pieces that I'm not convinced were shrimp because they tasted spoiled, the chicken was fatty, and the salad tasted burned in every bite. The two steaks were both ordered medium (as they tell you that they DO NOT RECOMMEND MEDIUM WELL, which is my preferred style) and one steak was brown in the middle and one was red. No consistency.  We then waited for 20-30 minutes for the waiter to ask us if we'd like more water.  As if all of this wasn't bad enough.... the MAJOR insult was that inside of the Heinz Tomato Ketchup bottle (p.s. this is PITTSBURGH) was some imitation ketchup or catsup, or ... well, I'm not sure what.  I KNOW MY KETCHUP, ESPECIALLY HEINZ! So... the bottle was washed and refilled with imitation crap. NEVER AGAIN. Not worth the money spent, and I'd recommend ANY other steak house before coming here again.
1	The best part of our meal was the fruit fly I accidentally consumed while drinking my wine. Second best was the "cheddar smashed potatoes" from a box. Third was the steak. Pictures and further comments available upon request.
1	I won't be going here again. It was way too expensive for the quality of the food. The best part was the salad and bread.
4	I thought it was good not outstanding and not bad...the steak was done to a perfect med rare and my wife's was done to her liking... We both in joyed it but it was a little pricey...
4	Enjoyed lunch on a Saturday. They have 1/2 price burgers, wraps and sammies 11-3 on Saturdays. Even if they were full price it would still be a good deal. I had the hot pepper cheesesteak with fries. Delicious.
4	This is an Old school restaurant with a bar in front.  I wanted to go to Pittsburgh Rare, but it was shut down.  The hotel I was staying at recommended Pittsburgh Steak Company.  When I got to the restaurant, I specifically asked the bartender if they could cook a steak to Black and Blue or Pittsburgh rare.  She said yes.  So I sat down and went through the menu.  They even have a small graphic to tell you about how the steak looks for Pittsburgh Rare to Well Done (which they don't recommend obviously).  I ordered the ribeye and it came out charbroiled perfectly on the inside, a slight grey line, and then the rare inside. My first Pittsburgh rare steak.  Interestingly, a lot of people in the area and even in Philadelphia haven't heard of Pittsburgh Rare cooking  temperature.
1	As you can see by the overall rating on this restaurant you should avoid!!!!! I have been twice the first time was much better than the first. The first time I went with a party of 7 and we sat at a round table had apps, dinner and drinks and everything was fine and service was good. The second time I made a reservation 3 weeks ahead of time since it was a large party after my graduation (my family came from out of town about 20 people). When we got there they told us we would be at two separate tables even though when I made the reservation they said that we would all be seated together. Not only were we separated but instead of connecting two long rectangular tables they had about 15 of us at a long table and my mom and grandma and 3 others at a circular table across the room. I was pretty mad about that had I known it wouldve been like that I never would have went. Anyway the food and service was also awful. We had to flag servers down and NO ONE OF THE TWENTY PEOPLE were impressed with their food. In fact my dad had to buy food right after we left because he didnt eat anything. The whole experience was really disappointing especially when youre paying so much for bad food and service. Never ever again. Listen to the reviews and go elsewhere!
1	I recently attended a work party at the Pittsburgh Steak Company for the 4th time. I would  NOT recommend this place for a party unless you don't mind unfriendly servers, food being taken away before the party ends and while everyone is still eating. Mary B.
4	Old school, yes.  Good food and fast service, yes.  Would I go back?  Depends.  I went here after googling steak houses in Pittsburgh and this place came up and it is located only a few miles from our hotel.  It was almost empty although it was around 9pm and the beginning of spring break at Pitt so easily explainable.  The waitress was freindly but not a great waitress in that she really didn't refill the drinks until we asked her to and she kind of seemed like she was tired, worn out, etc.  I decided on the orange roughy with a side caesar salad and the cheddar smashed potatoes.  The fish came in a cream sauce which I did not want so I asked them to season the fish in a way that the sauce won't be missed.  They definitelty listened to me b/c the roughy turned out pretty good and the salad was a nice size for a starter salad.  The cheddar potatoes were what made the meal.  They were fantastic and I wish more places would start offering this as a side choice.  The only complaint is that the portion of the potatoes was a little on the small side; however, they were really good and I didn't leave hungry which is always a plus.  This place was a nice beginning to my stay in Pittsburgh and the best meal that I had while I was in town.
4	I actually like this place. It has an old style independent steakhouse vibe. No it doesn't have the polish of a Capital Grill, Palm, Ruths Chris or other high end national chains so you get a more informal dining experience. The service is a bit abrupt but attentive enough. After several visits, I really have no complaints about the quality of the food. Prices are not bad for a premium steak dinner. I'll be back without a second thought.
1	So I read the reviews of this place first but curiosity got the best of me.  I figured that since the last two reviews were positive  that maybe efforts were made to turn things around but I guessed wrong. So after reading the outside menu, I decided on the lemon cod. The bartender was my server and wasn't really rude but kinda "Pittsburgh salty" which would be fine at some of the lower class bars in the area but not a place that charges 16 bucks a plate for fish. The portions were small, the presentation was laughably amateurish,  and the food wasn't horrible but I could have got much better fish for the same price at Pipers Pub. The decor is nice and the place seems clean but that seems to be about the only high points. I would not eat here again. If you want first rate food on the south side check out Pipers Pub, Local, Cheesecake Factory, or The Smiling Moose and leave PSC to their delusions of being "upscale".
1	First and last time there!  The bus boy dropped the rag on the floor, picked it up and immediately wiped a table down with this now, dirty rag.  My husband ordered another drink, he never got it.  Our sides were luke warm at best.  Bread was stale and the entre ordered Salmon Majestic, was suppose to have crab meat and artichoke hearts on it, which is the reason ordered, There were no artichoke hearts on it. When I brought this to our waiters attention, he said he would see if he can dig some up.  When I inquired about it 10-15 minutes later he said, they thought they were on it and wouldn't bring any more.  Although price wasn't adjusted.   When I advised about the drink not being served, he said nothing, although offered to bring another serving of rice even though we were done with dinner.  When he brought the check he said, I couldn't do anything about the dinner but I took off the wine(which wasn't the drink that was ordered, it was a chevez!) off the check.  Horrible!!!
4	Food is consistently good.  Service is friendly and good, also.  Best zucchini app in town.  Love to sit at the bar.  The bartender, JC, always makes it entertaining.
4	I mean, steak is steak, you know?Not bad. We chose this place unsure of what to expect (other than being able to find steak). After getting there and sitting down at the table, we pulled out our phones to find a bunch of bad Yelp reviews. However, our experience was all-in-all positive. It's an old-school steak house, so you're not going to get a cool, hip, young crowd if that's what you're into. But the food was good -- again, not the best steak in the world, but I was more than satisfied. If you're with a crowd that wants a simple, quiet dinner with some good-ol red meat, it's the perfect spot. Otherwise, if you're looking to be one of those cool guys who wears sunglasses at night and listens to that loud rock music, maybe got for the Capital Grille or one of those fancy places.
4	This place is great for lunch/dinner happy hour too ..the staff are very nice and helpful my new spot !!
2	Honestly it was mediocre!  Not great! I would not go back! Poor martinis, steak was OK and the side's were just ok.
2	We tried this restaurant for the first time tonight.  From the exterior, it looks like a halfway decent place.  Upon entering, we found it old and a little disorganized.  It wasn't clear where we were supposed to go to check in and get a table.  VERY few patrons in restaurant.  We were seated at a booth with very short benches and very straight backs - kindof uncomfortable, but not enough to ruin my experience.  We received the menu - the prices blew us away!  The selection was very run of the mill, nothing incredibly interesting, and there was not one steak under $20.  The menu itself was dated looking.  We ordered a provolone wheel as an appetizer, not knowing exactly what that meant, but it literally was a round slab of cheese lightly breaded with a sandy and oily breading and was warm at best.  It's really an odd appetizer.  Our meal itself was okay, but our waitress was hit or miss in her personality... A little gruff at times.Overall, it's clear this place has seen better days, and we couldn't help but remark that it seemed like a good candidate for "Kitchen Nightmares" the TV show.  We won't be returning.
