1	Typical shady auto repair place, staffed by under experienced techs. They spent way too long working on my brakes, and then didn't even tighten the caliper bolts all the way. I had one pling out a couple weeks after the service. I ended up having it towed to another shop at my own expense, since I don't trust them to work on something as vital as my brakes.And to Michael C. - it was definitely this location, and see how YOU feel when you're driving along and all of a sudden one side of your brakes clamp down and you come to halt in the middle of traffic.
5	I think Korina might have mixed this place up with somewhere else - or perhaps has an ex-boyfriend working there... Community Tire is one of the most professional companies I have ever done business with, and they definitely stand behind their work 100%.I have used two of the Community Tire locations and had nothing but perfect results. Fast, fair, friendly! Plus, they give back a lot to the local community.
2	I'm adding another star, because the owner, Howard, has really gone out of his way to make things right. To the point that I'm willing to give them another shot. Hopefully, after that, I'll be able to add more stars.
3	I've gone back a few times now, for some oil changes, and this and that, and I've had nothing but good experiences there. So I'm going to say that the whole brake thing was a once in a blue moon incident, and not the usual here.
5	I had some issues with my tires and I found this place and made an appointment online (very convenient). Within a day, Howard Jr. emailed me back and helped set up an appointment promptly. I went to the shop (very clean and neat) to have them look at my tire issues and also change the oil. My low-profile tires needed to be ordered from another shop which I was told would take about an hour or so. So one of the employees (a very nice gentleman training to be the manager of their new location in South Phoenix) offered to drive me home allowing me to get some work done. An hour later, the shop called with my new tires and the same gentleman came to pick me up again. So easy!Now, my car is old so it needs a little help, but my biggest fear in mechanics is that they'll find so much wrong and they'll condemn my car to certain death. So I knew that in the oil change process, the mechanics would find some things that needed work. They found a few concerns, but Howard explained to me what was needed without trying to scare me into forking over loads of money for these repairs. I had been quoted these repairs at different shops as well- but for twice what Community Tires Pros would charge me. The whole process was super easy and everyone was patient and answered all my questions. When I do have some more money to start on the list of repairs on my car, I will be taking it back to Community Tire Pros. Oh, and today I received a delightful thank you card in the mail. The actual mail, not email. Wonderful!
5	I first heard about Community Tire and Auto because of an award they received from ASU W.P. Carey School of Business. Although this location wasn't ideally convenient in terms of distance from my home, I decided to try them. Once I did, which was several years ago, I've never taken my vehicle anywhere else for the services they offer. The big thing in my experience with Community Tire and Auto has been a sense of honesty and integrity...which are not qualities always associated with auto repair and maintenance shops. In looking back, I realized that there were at least 2-3 instances with my prior provider of choice (Sun Devil Auto) where I felt pressured to make repairs or conduct maintenance that was questionable, and I should have gotten a second opinion. Altogether, the cost for those visits ran into the thousands of dollars.  I have never felt that with Community Tire. The pricing is fair. They refer to manufacturer's guidelines for all maintenance recommendations. And they occasionally have coupons which are always nice, including a free oil change with your birthday. I almost feel like Community Tire and Auto's service is a secret that needs to be shared so others can experience the peace of mind I have since discovering them myself.
2	Came here quite a bit since it received great reviews but have been very disappointed lately.  I have had problems with my tires and had to replace them several times (shortly after purchasing new ones from here).  Had all four of my brakes replaced from the 51 location just 4-5 months ago and since then had problems.  Staff members have been a bit rude at times when I have called with questions or needed advice or help with what to do with my vehicle considering Ive been coming here all the time for repairs.  Oh and their prices aren't quite impressive.  I got quoted 135.00 for a new battery / installment.  Went to Brake Masters on Bell and they fixed my brakes and showed me I had the wrong brakes placed!! Car feels much more smoother - no more squeaking, and no more shaking due to bad rotors which must have not been checked previously.  I also got my dead battery replaced for 99.99 with 10 dollars off with my coupon!! Moreover, I would wait over an hour (sometimes 2 hrs!) at Community Tire but today at Brake Masters - an impressive 45 minutes!!!!  QUALITY, FAST, EFFICIENT, HONEST, and FRIENDLY SERVICE!!
4	I had to buy a couple of new tires, and decided to try this place for the first time.  They did a nice job on my car.  However, I brought a coupon that claimed "$20 off your visit."  When I presented it, I was told that they couldn't honor it because their profit margin was too small.  After my initial Yelp review, I was contacted by Howard, who oversees multiple Community Tire locations.  He explained that the coupon was misprinted, and should have excluded tire sales.  However, he mailed me a check for $20 to set things right.  I appreciate him tracking me down and making the effort to do right by the customer.
5	Last week we had to make a quick stop at the nearby grocery store before an appointment at 6, when we realized that we had a flat tire. It was 5:55pm when I walked through Community Tire Pro's door and asked if they would be willing to air up our tire just to get us where we needed to go. Even at 5 minutes til closing I was greeted with a smile and a genuine concern for us and our kiddos. They even offered to put our spare on at no charge! When I was inside the lobby of the shop, my observation was that it is impeccably maintained. The decor on the walls was surprisingly attractive and overall, it felt like a place where a woman could visit by herself or with her kids and still feel perfectly safe. They had a sign that encouraged supporting local businesses and after our amazing experience there, we plan to do just that!
5	What a great company. I have 3 vehicles, a trailer, camper and boat. They handle all the tires and vehicle maintenence. 2 of the vehicles get driven about 4000-5000 miles a month so we are here often. They always get us in and there has been some emergencies where they were life savers. so glad we made the switch community tire. I refer everyone I can here. you won't be disappointed either.
5	Wow they did it again I could barley drive my car in today and I'm out in 2 hours with such a low cost. Seriously this place is the best I would recommend to everyone they are honest caring and all over customer service. Every time I bring in one of our cars they always explain everything to me so I understand what's going on true me take your vehicle  here you won't be disappointed.
1	It's a darn shame, but Community Tire and Auto seems to have crossed the fine line from fair pricing to outright greed.A recent repair that I had performed by Community Tire and Auto necessitated the replacement of several parts. These parts retail for an amount of X dollars, plus minus 10 dollars, depending where you buy them. When I received the bill, it turned out that Community Tire and Auto charged me !?! X+100 Dollars per part ! !?? A HUNDRED dollars more than the part costs retail ?! Be aware that I needed several of these parts, so I spent HUNDREDS just on this outrageous markup !? I would have gladly accepted a 25 or maybe even 30 Dollar markup from the retail price of the part, but a hundred dollars, that's just a smack in the face, and a smack in the face of a loyal customer on top of it.At this point I might as well take my car back to the dealership, at least they're somewhat more transparent and logical when it comes to the costs of parts.This wasn't the case before, but Community Tire and Auto is now showing a   disturbing trend to maximize profit WITHOUT maximizing value for the customer.Lately, every time I take my car there, there's always an attempt to 'upsell' me and part me from my money, even if the 'work' proposed isn't necessary or even reasonable in terms of pricing.  It really is sad, I used to trust this car repair shop blindly, but now they're really no different from any other repair shops that try to maximize profits on the backs of their customers. I do think that there might be a disconnect between upper and middle management here, I have a hard time believing that upper management would condone such practices; it seems the branch/location management seems to be primarily interested in 'upping' the numbers, and not seeing the 'big picture' of the brand as a whole.As it stands, I can no longer recommend Community Tire and Auto in Glendale, at least nor for repairs that require any replacement parts. 'Community Tire and Auto' USED to be about quality work at resonable prices... What happened to the Brand, Howard ???What a darn shame!
5	Matt and Tony just saved the day....AGAIN! I can not thank Matt, Tony and the crew enough for always getting me back on the road. Dead batteries today and they had them in stock. Excellent batteries at an affordable price with an awesome warranty. Thanks guys!
3	Have to agree with Glen S.  The place has dealership prices plus heavy mark ups. Great service, however may as well hit the dealership.  Not really my kind of place.  The service with a smile only gets so much of my hard earned cash.
