5	Jason is incredible at what he does. He is diligent, hard-working, attentive, and personable. Have worked with him on a number of occasions and never displeased with his services finding and placing quality tenants. Being a real estate agent have also had the opportunity to refer him to several of my clients that are either looking for rentals or who are investors and want to bring on a tenant.
5	I am an out of state owner with multiple rentals in the Phx area and have been using Jason for almost two years. He responds to your emails and has a list of dependable vendors both of which I found lacking in previous property management. He will also take swift action if tenants aren't paying their rent and will inspect the property twice a year. A solid man who knows the business and someone I would recommend.
5	I'm happy to work with Jason. He is a good, diligent, trustful, hard-working person.I just worked with him for a project and his service was excellent.  Also his teams are great to work.I will keep work with him for more projects in future.
1	West USA Realty Revelation - The Spectrum Group was hired by West USA Realty Revelation - Property Management to conduct the final walk through on a rental home.  The property management said that they hired a third party to conduct a move in walk through and a move out walk through.   Jason G., the "Property Management Team Lead", was in fact the one that conducted the final walk through.  During the original walk through, the "third party" conducted a mediocre job and didn't notate the items of concern in the report that needed to be addressed.  The house was not professionally cleaned, spider webs adorned the windows, the weed infested yard was not kept with massive amounts of bird droppings greeting us on the sidewalk as we first walked in, mold on the bathroom walls, carpets had urine stains and the scent of urine throughout...really too much to list.The standards in inspections changed during my tenancy.  When I asked Jason G. about items of concern during the final walk through process, he shared minimal information and pointed out items that were already preexisting and normal wear and tear.  I took photos of  the items in addition to the photos that I already took to compare to the video taken at move in and handed over keys.  Needless to say, I did not return the home in the same condition as I received it.Several days later a report was provided with much more detailed information than the information Jason provided at the time of the final walk through. According to Renee L. via email, Jason G. is discouraged to discuss any items of concern at the final walk through.  I had 11 hours left in my lease to remedy anything of concern, but surrendered the premise because the items that Jason pointed out were preexisting and or normal wear and tear.  There are several issues of concern:1) The move in inspection standards were very different than the move out inspection standards (not Jason's fault) 2) My issue with Jason is that I was informed that he was discouraged from sharing information at the time of the final walk through.  There was an allotted time frame to remedy the premise before surrendering keys, but I was not aware of anything that needed to be remedied.
1	I was a tenant for little more than a year as I house shopped.I loved the house, but hate the spectrum group. From day one they were hard to deal with and just fed us corporate lines. I was lucky to have my own (and very good) realtor deal with them. In the end they basically took my security deposit.   What did I do?   Spent $2000 on landscaping(with permission), installed bathroom fixtures(there were none), etc. and generally improved the house.   I never asked for payment for these things but just made it nicer for the next person.  Yet I lost my security deposit due to pre-existing(and provable) things or just made up BS.      I'm wondering if it's worth a lawsuit.   Do not rent or use in any way. Really.
