5	This is my new favorite Madison hotel! It was a little hard for me to get to, because my GPS isn't the smartest, but Google maps found it okay. The price was as good as any other hotel, like Super 8 or Baymont, but the hotel was very nice, nicer than the Super 8 for sure. Super clean, and the room was great. Very nicely furnished, and comfortable. The bed was perfect. And the bathroom was great--no gross bathtub, just a nice modern shower. I would definitely recommend this place, and will be staying here again.
4	This hotel is a great value!  Very clean, nice staff, very accommodating, and they keep their pool area open all night!
3	3.5 Stars- perfect for 1 night passing through on a cross country road tripPro'sPet Friendly- minimal pet fees  Excellent pricingClean, modern furnishingsClean updated bathroomGood mattress, linens and pillowsBreakfast- we were in a rush and just grabbed a couple things, we didn't have a chance to sit down and dine.Con's I can't really seem to remember many con's- we were pleased with our stay. We arrived around midnight and checked out by 10am the next morning, so we didn't do much else than bring in our luggage and go to bed. Overall, pleased with this hotel and would stay here again if ever in the area. The room was clean and we were very happy. Our room was a tad small, but it was fine.
4	Stayed here one night for a work trip. My Room was clean. My room was near the hotels storage room which a staff member kept going in and out making a lot of noise. Breakfast in the morning.  There's a pool here which I think brings more families/kids yelling and I think I heard a dog bark once but nothing to complain about.  Hotel is not near anything. If you're looking for food near by you need to drive to everything. If I need to stay in Madison again I might stay here again depending on other prices.
5	We were traveling back to Minnesota and stopped because would allow pets.  We paid 99 dollars for a room.  Very clean had a microwave and refrigerator.  Pool was kid friendly and nice free breakfast.  Didnt have to stay in crappy smoking room because of bringing dog.  Also only charged 10. dollars for the pet.  Very nice moderate priced hotel catering to 1 overnight travelers. Not sure why everyone gives less than 5 stars when they are happy with everything.  The hotel meet all expectations.  Yes I have stayed in much bigger nicer hotels. Marriott, Ritz Carlton etc however paid 200 plus for the room and it was for an extended stay, this hotel really does what it is designed to do and that is accommodate overnight travelers give them a free breakfast and get them on their way.   Great for our family of 4 plus dog driving back from ohio.  We will be back on next trip.
