5	I found Dr. Stark's practice from Demandforce which allows me to confirm my appointments with the front office via email and text messaging.  So, that made my decision much easier knowing they embraced online patient communications.  I called and managed the scheduling with Nancy.  She is just awesome and has a great sense of humor.  At the time it was the end of the year and my insurance was about to expire.  So, it was going to be rough to get scheduled.  But Nancy was so helpful and persistent by doing everything she could get me in for my scaling and root planning with one week left in the month since I needed to set up two separate  2 hour appointments due to length of the treatment. Gina who is no longer there was an awesome hygienist and made me feel comfortable.  Dr. Stark answered all my questions even though another practice offered a Zoom teeth whitening deal from Groupon she matched the offer and did a great job with the treatment.  No question I would recommend Dr. Stark and their staff for your dental needs and they do Invisalign also.    The very clean and modern office is right on the corner of Charleston and Ft. Apache.
5	Dr Stark is the best dentista in the whorld. She did sealants for me and I didn't even feel a thing. She is gentle and efficient and perrrty too. You will really enjoy being worked by her. She and her staffers are the gentlest beings that happen to be dental professionals on the planet. Go to her or else!!!!!!!!
4	Dr stark and her assistant are great. I've been here three times and have had great service. My only negative comment is during my last visit 3 employees were arguing about completing a task-one refusing to do something because "it's not her job." This was in front if the lobby where everyone that was waiting could here. Very unprofessional behavior.  That aside, Dr Stark is a great dentist.
5	I'm so scared/nervous to go to the dentist, but this place is the best.  They made me feel at home. When walking into the office the front desk was so friendly and smiley. I didn't have to wait at all after I completed my new patient forms. From the start of my appointment to the end I knew everything that was going on. Every one made me feel comfortable. Dr. Stark is an amazing dentist. She truly cares about you as a patient, and that's hard to find. She answered all my questions/concerns. She is so gentle and friendly. She is also very pretty :)  I am going to refer everyone I know to her and her beautiful office.
5	Great dentist.  Beautiful office.  Professional staff.  I have been going to Dr. Stark since 2011, and I highly recommend her.
5	HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!! Most people are terrified to go to the dentist in the first place, ENHANCE DENTAL is a very warm welcoming office. The dentist is professional and her staff is amazing. Dr stark is very gentle and you don't feel a thing. The hygienist is very sweet and gentle. The office manager Niki is very professional and kind hearted. Janet is very welcoming and sweet. Highly recommend this dental office. Get place great staff.
