5	Stopped in here about 7pm on a Wednesday. After driving multiple places and being undecided yet, my boyfriend and I just settled on the closest option. I never had much interest seeing this place in passing, but we walked in and it actually had a really nice feel. It was cute like a classic diner with a modern college twist and way better food then your typical diner. My boyfriend ordered a French dip that was on special for $5.99! He loved it. I had a turkey club but almost got a skillet. Sandwich was good and according to our awesome friendly server the skillet was yummy too. Her name was Jessica and she was extremely helpful and personable. Also this place has a broad menu, serves breakfast all day, and literally has every side from sweet potato fries to a baked potato to jello and everything in between. Good prices, good service, good traditional diner food. Also the server informed us that the owner was a really good guy that "ran things like they should be ran."  So we will be back for breakfast and recommend it for any meal of the day!
5	Killer east coast diner foodAwesome waiterGreat place
4	Friendly service and fresh ingredients are the stars here.  I tried the special for the day, battered cod with 2 sides.  Our waitress explained that the cod was a fresh filet and hand battered.  I had it with steamed vegetables and clam chowder.  The clam chowder was also freshly made, and had nice large chunks of clam in it.  The chowder itself tasted a little too salty for me though.  The green beans were freshly steamed green beans, and they were a nice deep green color vs. the greyish mushy green beans you might usually see at restaurants.  Service was excellent and drinks were refilled as needed.  Our waitress was very warm and friendly.  Sunny's Diner is hopefully here to stay for many years!
5	Ordered the breakfast special for the day- a Tex-Mex skillet with chorizo ($7.99, add $.99 for chorizo).  The chorizo was freshly made in-house, and tasted delicious.  Having made chorizo from scratch myself, I appreciate the effort and the right combination of spices it takes to make a good batch.  It was the perfect mix of spices and saltiness.  The skillet came with a hearty portion of potatoes, veggies, sour cream, and cheese, and looked excellent presentation-wise.  Service was excellent like last time, and the young gentleman here (Maybe the manager or the owner?) stopped us as we were leaving to thank me personally for my Yelp review.  Upgrade one star!
5	Wow, I wish I lived closer.  Rebecca met us at dark thirty in the morning with a big smile.   The specials are priced right.   We asked her what she recommended, her first was waffles or pancakes.   Check, pancakes ordered.   Next the choriso (they make it in house), yummy.   The price is right and a great value.   Weekday specials are $1 better than weekends but you won't be disappointed either way.   This is a must visit.   Don't let the limited # of reviews factor in your decision.
4	I think this place might make it. After the many restaurants that have tried this corner over the years Sunny's as a cheap breakfast spot might work. I'd suggest they pare down the non-breakfast menu and stick to a few solid eggy choices. The $2.99 breakfast that lured me in was well worth the normal $4.99 price. They do need to work on getting orders up a little quicker (which a simpler menu would help with).
5	I've been eating here several times a week for the last couple of months, and have yet to have a bad dining experience!  Jessica is usually my server and she always has a smile and bright personality, and I usually have my food within 10 minutes of walking in.The atmosphere is pleasant, it's nicer than the grease-shack diner you might expect in the campus area.  Very casual and open in design, the seats might not be luxury recliners but what do you expect.Their breakfast specials are affordable ($2.99 for a typical diner 2-egg breakfast? Yes please!) and the food is tasty; perhaps nothing exceptional taste-wise but consistent excellence goes a long way in my book.  I'm fairly particular about my eggs and it's been difficult for me to find restaurants that won't occasionally either over- or under-cook my eggs.When I'm not in the mood for breakfast, their chicken-fried steak hits the spot.  Frequently diners seem to over-season their gravy, particularly in the form of loading it up with pepper.  Sunny's doesn't, which I really appreciate; I think under-seasoning and letting the customer season to taste is a more practical approach for a diner, maybe it wouldn't fly for fine cuisine but that's not what we're here for, now is it.There's a wide variety of menu options, from your standard diner omelettes, egg combos, sandwiches and steaks to several Greek and Italian options, and a good-sized array of salads and side orders.  Their sweet potato fries are fantastic!Alex, the owner, is consistently approachable and friendly, I see him making a point to get to know all of his customers from the first minute they walk in the door, and he also works his tail off helping the other staff do their jobs, and I've seen him loading in supplies himself.  His family has been in the restaurant business in the valley for quite a few years, and the experience comes through in this diner.  They were responsible for Fast Eddie's, which had been my favourite Phoenix diner until I discovered this place.  I place a lot of value on good customer service and rapport, and their staff are always polite and engaging.If you're looking for a clean, consistent diner with some menu variety and good prices, Sunny's is definitely a good choice.  Tell them Ben sent you!
3	Good dive breakfast place. Not the best quality ingredients, but that's not what anyone is looking for in a textbook 'greasy spoon.' The staff was nice and the service was quick--even on the weekend.
1	Hash browns = gross.  Waitresses = stressed.  Kitchen was backed up over 40 minutes. ... what kind of diner can't handle a dining room that is not even filled up?  Also,  it is not appetizing to listen to a boss who was yelling at the wait staff... YOU COULDN'T PAY ME TO GO BACK THERE... waste of $20!
5	I have been here 2 times now with my girlfriend and her daughter.  Each time we have come, this place did not disappoint.  We have only come for breakfast, so keep that in mind.  However, the service was great and the food was just as good.  I have had the pancakes and the french toast and neither was a disappointment!  They understand when you tell them that you want your bacon not overly crispy, as alot of places now days are bringing back bacon that resembles an emery board.  Great food, great prices, and very clean and friendly.  A must if you are on the east side of town.
3	Friendly service, tasty food, reasonable prices. My Greek burger was delicious and their homemade rice pudding was tasty. We really enjoyed our visit and have gone to try and eat their again but their hours don't seem to be consistent, the sign with the hours said they were supposed to be open but they weren't. I would have given it 4 if the hours more consistent.
4	The place is a little rundown, but don't let that deter you. The food was fantastic (my wife and I had breakfast - she had bacon and eggs and I had a pork chop and eggs) and the staff was very friendly and right on top of their game.Prices were very reasonable and the quality of the food was better than expected. This is what a family-run kind of business should be. I have no idea if this is a family-run business, but it has the feel of one the way the folks there seemed to care about what they were doing. We'll definitely be back.Edited to add: We've been back there a few times now for breakfast and lunch (and dinner on Friday evenings) and I have to say we'll keep going there. The owner does everything from cooking to cleaning, serving to seating, and the staff will make things right if you don't think everything's as good as it should be. The place can get crowded from time to time and I'm happy it can since it deserves to be busy.
5	Yummy for my Tummy!!!!
3	First off, I want to give the staff a shout out!  Awesome Service!  Was right there when we needed her. ha.We were starvin looking for a place to munch some brunch.We saw a light, illuminated in my mind was Sunny's.It was bright and what a treat.The biscuits and gravy were in charge.A big portion, they were large.Rather than starve, hit up Sunny's to brighten up your morning.A-OK on my meter...
2	I went here recently with my family and had the worst service of my life. We ordered our food and it took awhile for it to get out to us but they were extremely busy so we understood that. When we got our food everyone really liked it all. The food was great but the service was horrible. After not seeing our waitress for about 20 minutes we finally flagged down another server who informed us our waitress quit in the middle of her shift after an argument with the manager. No other server came around to fill our water cups and it really seemed like they were avoiding the side of the restaurant we were on completely. After about 30 minutes of sitting there we finally had someone fill up our water and then continued to wait another 10 minutes for the to go boxes we asked for.  When we got up to pay the person working the register completely ignored us so we left our check on the table. We could have very easily left the restaurant without paying at all.I'll go back to a restaurant if I don't like the food because I can always order something different but I will not go back to a restaurant that has bad service.
4	What's not to love about Sunny's diner? Home of the best breakfasts in Tempe! Not over priced like that LOUSY Chompie's - better wait staff, better service, better menu! All Hail Sunny's!
1	Went here for breakfast today. My daughter is allergic to soy and she asked if they would cook her omelette without using an oil containing soy. They refused and the waitress said "absolutely not. Waitress had an attitude and would not even discuss the situation.  Every other restaurant we go to helps us in this regard. Not this place. They would not help us, got snotty about it, so we left. We will NEVER go back.
5	Finally a real quality diner in Tempe.  This place reminds me of back east diners and has very good price points.  Huge fan of the vegetable skillet and friendly staff
1	HORRIBLE! I've been to the place twice now. Both times I ordered a rib eye and eggs, both times they were out. Why even have it on the menu? I ordered a steak and eggs and it was not worth the $12 I paid for it. Thin and poor quality. Gross eggs, gross coffee gross everything.The customer service is terrible. I walked out of here deciding to never come to this place again.
5	I love Sunnys diner. Great food, great service, and a great atmosphere. Always great for breakfast at any time of the day. If you want a great gyro or Philly cheesesteak Sunnys is the place to go.
5	The service was great! The food was amazing, the food came out to my table really fast. I was really happy with my experience! I would give this diner two thumbs up.
5	If you want to eat some good breakfast without paying a lot of money, this would be the place. The food is GOOD and for the price, it is well worth it. I just wished I knew about this place a long time ago as I would have saved a lot of money. They have great breakfast specials and the service is GREAT! I would highly recommend this place to everyone especially college students!
5	Great food, great staff, had a groupon and they made our meal perfectly.
5	It's always nice finding a great hole-in-the-wall greasy spoon. Sunny's is that and more! While the food was delicious (I had the chicken-fried steak) and affordable, that was not what compelled me to leave this review. Rather, it was their absolutely phenomenal service that was truly impressive. I recommend this place for those looking to have a nice, real diner experience.
5	I took my mom here for her birthday breakfast. Everything was great. The food was burning hot right out of the kitchen. The waitress, Liz, was so warm and friendly. My mom had a great birthday breakfast thanks to Sunny's. :)
5	I love little mom and pop restaurants! Sunny's Diner is consistently delicious and very reasonably priced! I always get great service! French toast is my favorite here. You will not be disappointed!
4	My boyfriend and I just moved into the area recently and we decided to try this diner close by.  The wait staff were mostly in training and they we're pretty busy, but the food was good quality. It was the best French toast I have ever had. My boyfriend got the chicken fried steak, hashbrowns and eggs which also looked really good. The coffee wasn't great but I will definitely be going back for the food!
5	Here we are at Sunny's Diner perched on the corner of McClintock and University. Being a huge fan of the TV show: It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, their name stood out and we gave it a try, whatever gets you into the door I guess! This is a super chill spot and the food is a great deal. It appears to be a younger, early 20's serving team and I think they must also have a person that just goes around refilling coffees. I couldn't chug mine fast enough for someone to be there on the refill, I usually leave Sunny's feeling pretty wired and extremely full.
4	Great place to read the Sunday paper and a tasty breakfast
5	Hey, so I'm kind of new to writing Yelp reviews. Recently went to San Fran where I survived off of using it, so I'm going to try paying it back in Tempe. :)I've been coming to Sunny's for about a year. I don't usually like eating out in Tempe because I'm a poor grad student, and I can survive off ramen if I have to. But Sunny's is a place I find myself at at least once a week. This is diner food. That's it's strength! I'm a convert to the chili burger, and when I'm here with friends they keep the coffee cups full. My burgers have always been perfectly cooked, heaped with chili, cheese, and a splash of pico de gallo. I like to drown my food in hot sauce and the fries are always hot.The owner is the kind of guy that will sit down and chat with you about your day, the food, his family's history in the food business (his folks run a Greek diner over in the Sun City/Glendale area). You can spend an hour here just reading and sipping at your coffee- nobody will ever shoo you out. The staff have ended up knowing us by name and seating us at "our" table, which is over by the window, facing University.I'll be blunt; if there are bad reviews here, it's from people that don't know the area and don't know what they want. Sunny's is not gourmet, vegan-friendly, gluten-free food. I like restaurants that can make those accommodations but I don't expect every restaurant ever to cater to obscure allergies. This is not a steakhouse that's got $40 ribeye waiting on the grill for you at 10am.Just give this place a try, and go for that comfort fried food you know you want- chicken tenders, chorizo skillets, burgers or THE PANCAKES. This is the best breakfast joint in town! You want to eat somewhere where the staff will remember you and enjoy the experience of having YOU come in? This is the place.Hope you come in soon and have the kind of hometown experience me and my friends have. :)
5	Great food good people working there n a bit different. Being here since they open and every time it's getting better.
1	This so called DINER is the worst eatery I have been to EVER been to.I bought a groupon for this place and WISHING I never did. This was my first and last time I go to a place that believes they can charge you extra for "gyro sauce" and say that my groupon wasn't covering the sauce even though the groupon states that I have an certain amount of value. The service was ridiculous as well. It took the waitress 15 mins to take our food order and the place was dead. She only came over to us because the owner told her too. My grandma right from the start ordered the extra sauce wasn't told it was going to cost her extra. She had to ask for the sauce 3 times before it arrived to the table and then told her it was going to cost us more money....I then got so infuriated  the owner came over and told my grandma to open her gyro to find the EXTRA SAUCE (if you have to go searching for EXTRA sauce... I guess it  wasn't much of extra sauce..) .. Then told me that that there is a separate charge that wasn't covered.. I told him we were leaving and not going to pay for the food that wasn't going to be covered under our groupon.(90% of our food wasn't eaten) He told me he was going to call the cops. Which he did and the cops pulled me  over half way home and came to the conclusion that this wasn't a criminal matter and he would have to sue me. Which is fine with me who tries to sue someone for food someone hasn't eaten and was mostly paid for anyways!! This place will be closed in a year...
3	Decent for the price on the daily specials,  but not great a little on the greasy side.   The Bill arrived in an AMEX book, but they dont take AMEX.
1	The Groupon deal was a joke. We paid $16.00 for the Groupon, had four meals and still over $40.00.for everything. The food was very mediocre  and the pictures the have on the menus is not there food at all . The owner was nice and the place was dead at dinner ,so we had no problem getting served. But we will not ever go back.
4	Good food. The service by the owner was amazing, but the actual waitress was so bad my mellow mannered wife wanted to throw something at her. We would eat there again.
4	I got some Orange Juice ( 1 glass) to drink, For food I had some French toast (3 slices), 2 eggs, and some bacon. It was very good and really hit the spot for a single guy who rarely buys bread. However, this place is not exactly cheap. My meal came to $11. The advertised $3.99 Breakfast is like half an egg or something. Nevertheless, it was basically worth it and I would go here again. It would probably get 5 stars if it were a little bit cheaper.
5	My husband and I absolutely love this place. It's super cheap, and the food is good. We love coming here for breakfast. Service is always good, and the owner recognizes us and is always very friendly. It's family owned and operated, which I like better than big chains. They try to keep as much fresh ingredients on hand as possible, and their homemade salsa is great. We visit a couple times a month, sometimes more. I recommend them to everyone I know! You can't beat $3.99 for the breakfast special!
5	We stopped at this hole in the wall diner with a groupon. Little did we know that we were about to find "our place." This restaurant represents the best of classic Americana. Fresh piping hot coffee, breakfast any time, American dishes with a southwestern and Greek twist, and the bulk of the food made on site, I have never had a bad meal here. Obsessive to a fault, the owner is almost always lurking about and striving for perfection. This family owned place is not five star dining, but it offers some of the best diner food I have ever had. I have travelled to most states in the USA and across Europe, but if I had to give someone a foodie example of this melting pot nation at its best, I would pick Sunny's. So stop in for the grub, and I will likely see you there on Sunday. I am there every week now :)
5	Stopped for lunch and look forward to returning for breakfast. I had the excellent spaghetti and meat balls. The sauce was a new taste experience and I really liked it. The meatballs were delicious. My wife had the taco salad and I got to try at little when she had her fill. Lettuce was fresh and crisp, hamburger was well cooked and salsa was spicy.
5	For a starving college student, I'd eat at this place more often than anywhere else. Staff welcomed me like family. Portion size is filling for the price. Arizona melt with curly fries and short stack of French toast is my go to.
3	First time here. We had heard about the great prices for the amount of food that you get. For both of us we had French toast with two eggs and two pieces of bacon, and biscuits and gravy with two eggs and two pieces of sausage and our total was about $16... Not bad. Overall the food was pretty good.... Nothing spectacular. The French toast was definitely the best of the bunch. My biggest hold up for this place was the service. It was pretty bad. We were seated by one of the bus boys and I wish he could have been our server, he was on point. He ended up taking out drink order and said our server would be there shortly... After waiting close to 10 minutes we had to ask for our server to come take our order. After taking it he had to come back twice to confirm our order... I mean I would rather that than him just guess but it's not like our order was anything complicated. Once our food arrived he never came back to refill our drinks or check on how the food was. I think he meant well but just wasn't prepared to handle more than a couple tables.Overall we were less than thrilled with Sunny's. I suppose it's a good place for some hangover breakfast and we noticed that they have significantly cheaper prices Monday-Friday.
4	Great food at a good price. Highly recommend the skillets. Best part? They do bacon right.
4	This is true diner food was good not great, service is good very attentive. And they serve all kinds of a kind of food, breakfast lunch and dinner portions were average.  I would say this is a very average diner. Free wi-fi made everything good.
1	Our experience was not good.  Although it was a bit busy we were seated right away.  After waiting 45 minutes, one dish for our party arrived cold.  We waited another 5 minutes for two of the other 3 dishes to arrive.  The last dish arrived separately and was cold.  After complaining about the cold food they didn't apologize and the manager offered to take 15% off the bill.  He refused to talk to us.  Two of us ended up not eating.
5	Clam chowder Fridays is the best!! With a side of curly fries. Usually do take out, but I have eatin inside a few times, service was good
2	The people who own this place have a lot to learn about doing business. The ribeye steak that came with my eggs was a flank steak,  Not a ribeye. The steak was a third fat that I had to get rid of. Unfortunately this was my first experience at this diner and the owner and his buddy decided to sit at the booth next to me. Because there were no other diners in the immediate area I could not help but overhear their entire conversation. Conversation consisted of complaints about servers needing pens, the awkwardness of singing happy birthday to people when you don't know their names, it went on and on.  After 7 years in the food service industry I already knew about all of the problems.  They're normal.   And I didn't enjoy the owner's bitch session.   It ruined my meal. Who in their right mind is having these conversations in front of customers?
5	A legit taste of the East Coast right here in Tempe.Excellent pricing, excellent food, and the best value for the money anywhere.  Come early and take advantage of the ridiculous breakfast deals.This place is as good as it gets....literally.
5	Reasonable prices, casual dining, friendly wait staff, good food, and decent coffee. All I can really ask for.
5	So visiting some family in AZ we decide to go to get a late breakfast. I am strongly opposed to chain restaurants and wasting money. When my dad suggested going to Denny's I told him to get the fuck out of here and I then broke out my yelp app and searched nearby. Sunny's had good reviews and we made our way over. As a people I think we should support independent restaurants even if it costs a bit more than the swill served at I Hop. It worked out good because Sunny's was low key with great food at  prices that were lower than the chains. I ordered the gyro skillet and I left stuffed and satisfied. My dad got one of the $4.99 breakfast specials and was impressed as well.  Great value for the money. Go to hell Denny's.
2	Very basic diner. Decent coffee and service, but otherwise  disappointing.  Instead of going with the inexpensive artery clogging traditional diner breakfast, I paid $8 for "protein power pancakes" which looked great but seemed to have vinegar in the batter.  A very sour and unpleasant taste, so they were inedible.  I complained but was still charged the full price. I won't be returning.
3	I got the French toast with scrambled eggs and bacon. Although the French Toast was sufficiently fluffy, it was nothing special. Reasonable priced. Ok service. I think there are probably better choices for breakfast.
4	Thanks again Yelpers!I'm in Phoenix for some spring training games, my plane lands early and I have time to grab breakfast. On the way is Sunny's...which was pretty damn good. Let me start with the super-friendly staff who were good with my questions and had some rock-solid recommendations. I had the signature waffle - which comes with heaping piles of bananas, strawberries, and blueberries. The whipped cream was nice but I could have lived without the cinnamon. The waffle came with a side of eggs and sausage which were mediocre. My friend had the Denver omelette which she described as "pretty damn tasty". The omelette came with home fries which were good. A huge plus for Sunny's for the coffee. I expected bulk burned crap, but found a nice cup. They brew into thermoses (or is the plural thermi?) and buy whole bean coffee from a local roaster. They could rate 4 stars just for that! But overall this was an excellent recommendation from the yelp community.
5	Omg. I was yet expecting such grreat food from a place named Sunnys diner. The California omelet with chicken and avacados. Amazing. Fruit waffle what a treat
4	The service is friendly and very efficient, prices are great, the food is good, and the portions are big. The atmosphere is laid back, definitely worth a try! :)
5	Food is great, prices are better, biscuits enormous and the service is incredible and friendly. Eating here again when I comeback to Arizona.
2	Ok we travel a lot to college towns to see my child play.  We depend on yelp a lot to find good local places to eat.  We visited Sunnys this morning because all of the GREAT reviews I have to say was a little disappointed.  This place is old and has the looks of a grease diner.  I ordered the chile verde breakfast and there was no chile verde in the entire dish.  I asked were was the chile verde she said its in the scrambled eggs no where to be found I asked if I could have a small side if the green sauce and she said I have to charge you!!! The pan cakes were small and flat the French toast was nothing special.  I would not go back
2	We've gone to Sunny's a few times now for breakfast and I think it's very much the kind of breakfast place you'd expect in a college town - one that has mediocre food but decent prices. I've gotten the 2 eggs, home fries, sausage or bacon, & toast special which costs only $3.99. In my experience, the home fries are always mushy and pretty unappetizing & the turkey sausage is alway dry. The greek omelet is pretty tasty ... especially the side of tzatziki.Our last experience with the service was interesting - our waitresses Jennifer came to check on us about 6 times within like 10 minutes! We placed our order & our food was brought out to us. She came to make sure everything looked okay - completely okay. She came back again 2 more times to ask if everything was okay - a little annoying. And what put us over the top was that she came over to our table right when I was putting my last bite of food in my mouth & asked if any plates can be taken away. Ummm, I guess? I know it wasn't all that busy at the place but this was just over the top!
3	A basic diner with a super-friendly staff. The food was better than I expected and due to the low price specials it does draw a large older crowd. The whole thing just felt authentic and as someone else noted, nice to have an independent business in the area. I'm not a huge fan of diners in general but this was a good one and worth a Sunday breakfast with my parental units.
2	Friend mentioned this place on FB & since I drive past there frequently I decided to give it a try.  I would love to give it more stars because the wait staff was wonderful, friendly, fast & kept our drinks filled.  Unfortunately, a fight including "F-Bombs" in the kitchen with the accompanying sounds of things being thrown as apparently some poor staff person was being verbally assaulted made us very uncomfortable.  Then my "hand-breaded" chicken fried steak arrived, looked just like the frozen ones at Costco, tasted like the same brand Village Inn/Denny's/I-HOP use. The home fries were dry & inedible as were the biscuits.  Coffee was good, so was the sausage gravy, but next time I want breakfast out I will head south to Chase's Diner.
5	Sunny's diner is nothing short of amazing! The owner (Alex) greeted and sat us, he's friendly and answered our questions. Our server (Alex a female) took over and was very tentative. OMG the food is amazing, I had the Huevos Rancheros; soooooo good! My husband had his heart set on greek so he ordered the greek omelette with biscuits and gravy on the side. It was so yummy I tried stealing some of his meal! I recommend the rose blossom tea as a drink it's local and very tasty. If I could give extra stars I would! We will be back! OFTEN!
5	Two things make me happy- veggies and cheese. My omelet arrived with loads of both! Really flavorful, fresh tasting and delicious. Fast service, kind waitresses and hostess! I can't believe I didn't come here sooner. You can get a full plate breakfast for under 5 bucks! Can't beat that! Really calm environment as well, perfect for the start to my day! Thanks, Sunny's!
3	I used to love this place. It had been a few months since I ate here before today. But today....1. I couldn't have my eggs the way I wanted them on my plate "We don't substitute"2. I get 1, ONE napkin. I finally have to ask if they can spare an extra napkin or two. 3. I get charged for sour creamNot sure if I'll come back
4	First time there - we don't live in the area but had to drop someone off at the airport. We will come back excellent service, friendly and ready to serve. Breakfast was yummy Greek and Denver Omelets served with fresh potatoes and your choice of side - pancakes, toast. Fresh fruit and many more items.
4	Hidden gem! The food is great, the service is good and to boot it's really cheap. I love their French toast especially when covered with fresh fruit. I'm a fan of their omelets too.
5	I eat here with my girlfriend I say about 4-5 times a week. It's that good. The staff is great at making you feel welcome as soon as you walk in and the servers are always on point. I really do enjoy this place and I would highly recommend it.
4	Now don't expect a great dining experience. Expect a great "diner" breakfast at a great price. The French toast is perfect and all egg dishes are awesome. Service was friendly, but the place need some freshening up to get the last star. Again it's a diner in a strip mall and not a fine restaurant.
3	Ordered the country breakfast (eggs, bacon or sausage, biscuit w. Gravy) and the Monte Cristo sandwich with fries. The food was good but not great however the price is right. The gravy on the biscuits was a little disappointing and the fries were too hard for my liking. Would definitely get a different side next time. Service was awesome. Would go here again for some cheap eats but will try some different dishes.
2	Don't waste your time. Went here this morning expecting a good diner breakfast with the girlfriend and was very disappointed. Horrible service and took over 20 minutes to take our order which is unacceptable when there was only two other people in the diner.
4	Multiple meals here. Not always open so pay attention to their hours. Closest thing to NJ Diners I have seen, other than Chompies. Lots of choices, Greek specialties, really well run and chock full of college kids most times. They have a breakfast special I have enjoyed. Coffee is good. No complaints. None.
2	Ordered 40 minutes ago and still waiting........ I ordered the Irish Eggs Benedict which is made with corned beef hash and comes with home fries.  Also have my two kids with me and they are starving and now restless.Update:  food finally arrived!  Average at best in flavor.  Undercooked and runny poached eggs.  Pineapple slice on Mickey Mouse pancakes was old and tangy in an expired way.When you go in - tell them that Chris from Yelp recommended you go there.  They will have no idea who the hell I am but it might provide some interesting entertainment and a good laugh or two!Enjoy!
1	First you must know that they have not been there for 35 years because the previous owners did not sell it till 20 years ago. You will still find old items on the menu from the previous restaurant, but these items were the saving grace of this dining experience. As we entered the establishment we waited to be seated, and we were not greeted till for about five minutes. It wasn't till walking out the door that someone came up to is to offer us a table. So we decided to stay, and after we were sat we waited again for some server to come up to the table. Finally the server asked for our drink order, and when we came back she bolted away from the table. When she returned after a long delay we placed our order. The food came out quickly(thank the guys in back for that!). I ordered the Tex-Mex with chorizo which is an item from the old menu that they still have. Then my boyfriend ordered one of the gyros. The food was decent, but I was never asked if I wanted a coffee refill. It came to the point that I did the awkward cup shuffle. You know when you put your cup over to the side of the table, and hope that your server will see and refill your drink. Well it didn't happen, and our server didn't even return to ask how the food was. The server came back and it was only to drop off the check, and she bolted away again. As she bolted away I was trying to ask her for something and she didn't even return. We payed the bill and we left. There was no management that was running the establishment at all. The service and servers are horrible. Never again would we go here or recommend this place to anyone!
1	Don't waist you're money..Go to the store and make your own breakfast.
2	A bit disappointed with the service and my meal. I ordered a California burger and was served an American Classic burger. When I informed the waitress after several attempts of flagging her down, she took the plate back. I would expect a diner to correct my order but she came back with the same plate of food, just a few fresh slices of avocado thrown in, seriously?!? Other than that, my family completed their meals before me and their plates looked delic.
4	Went on a Sunday morning. It was pretty busy. Considering how busy they were, I think our service was outstanding.I don't know if the tortillas are made fresh there, but they seemed like homemade tortillas. Very, very good.The food was pretty good and the prices are reasonable. I would highly recommend Sunny's!
1	You're better off going to Chompies down the street. Service here sucks, food is average at best. At one point I noticed the manager come out and grope one of the waitresses. Every time I come here I am more disappointed.
4	This place is delicious and filling! Plus, the prices are pocket friendly! I definitely recommend. We always stop here for breakfast if want to eat out at a restaurant.
1	Food was good and waitress was friendly but we waited almost an hour for our food. And to top it off the parking lot was so crowded our car got towed. Won't be back again
5	Breakfast was fantastic today!  We had the French toast and biscuits and gravy along with home fries and sausage. The sausage was filled with flavor. It's been years since we have been here and the new owners have done a great job of keeping the same casual atmosphere while adding a better menu. Great job!
5	I am something of a Sunny's regular at this point so I figured it was overdue that I write a review. Sunny's knows what it is, and it excels at being just that: a friendly, coffee-rich diner that treats you like a regular even if you're not, and treats you like a friend when you are. The staff prides itself on bringing you coffee. I've had, on multiple occasions, two staff ask me if I needed my coffee topped off within the span of fifteen seconds. Really, this is a great haunt of mine! My friends recently set up my 25th birthday celebration here and the staff all got into it. They let my buddies make a reservation with balloons and candles and etcetera. Sunny's doesn't take reservations. They did for me, though! And that's why I love them. They are pragmatic and don't let silly red-tape get in the way. Hell, they apologize if there IS a wait. Check it out.
2	Too expensive for the quality of food served. We went to Sunny's Diner for a leisurely sit-down breakfast. It looked to be a fair place owned by a family, and we had hoped to find a good "hole in the wall" place to eat breakfast, rather than our old standby. I was served my first ever shell in my egg. That's not a deal-breaker but was surprising. In all my years of eating eggs cooked in this fashion I had never crunched into an eggshell fragment while eating. We ordered off the "special" menu and believed our dishes were $3.99 each. We added fruit & whipped cream after asking how much fruit came with the $2.50 upgrade price--the waitress told us a large handful of strawberries, a large handful of blueberries, and a whole banana would adorn each of our now-$6.49 meals. This was not the case. And our meals were an extra dollar each. When pointing out the price on the menu to the waitress, she said other people had been fooled by that, too, and offered to take the $2 off our bill--and then did not. All in all, it comes down to this: I was lied to, misdirected, and given a fraudulent product. And the product itself was so-so, earning a Waffle House 3-star "meh" rating on its own merits. We will not be going back. I hope others have better luck at Sunny's Diner than we did.
4	Had the chicken fried steak, scrambled eggs , home fries and toast for $7.99. Good size portions and friendly staff. This was a good buy. Nice atmosphere. I'd recommend!
4	The food was good, the service was good, there wasn't anything spectacular about the interior. Just your classic diner, which is totally fine.
5	This place is great! A friendly greeting as soon as I walk in, the sound and smell of freshly ground coffee, and of course the sweet sensation of bacon aroma! This place was reasonably priced for the deliciously yet plentiful servings. They informed me that the coffee was locally roasted and indeed freshly ground prior to brewing it. The homemade country gravy was astounding. I'll be back!
5	Great food, reasonable prices, happy servers and exceptional service! Had the biscuits and gravy this morning.   Very fresh, very good.  Normally I have the spaghetti and meatballs.   At $5.99 it is truly the best lunch value in town.  The servers are always happy and friendly.
4	Had breakfast here with my folks.  Everything tasted great; service was fast and cheerful, food arrived quickly.  If these old reviews complaining about the service are accurate, they seem to have made changes, because I cannot see a hint of a problem.  Will be back.
5	The food is so tasty, the service rocks--what a terrific vibe--and the value can't be beat in Tempe!  Well, as you already probably surmise,  I come to Sunny's a few times a week.  Today's meal was so good, I decided I just had to write another review.  As I often do, I picked a booth near the window so I could watch the foot and car traffic (Sunny's sits right at the SE Corner of University and McClintock).  My server, Jocelyn,  was so nice.  She didn't seem to mind that I was a table of one, she refilled my water several times without being asked, she got my order in quickly,  and my lunch was in front of me in less than 10 minutes.   I ordered the spaghetti with meatballs...WOW, it was delicious.   The meatballs had so much flavor, the meat just falls apart in your mouth,  and even though you only get two, they are so large you need no more.  The meat sause is generous, tangy, with enough spices to keep you interested til the very last bite.  This is a serious plate of spaghetti,  and you get two half slices of Texas toast with it.  At $5.99, there simply is no better meal in Tempe.
4	nice little greek style diner great for breakfast ive havent ordered lunches but all the breakfasts ive tried have been excellent always had fast service and they check up on you
5	We were craving breakfast over the weekend, and faced with the decision of going to Denny's (Closer by), or Sunny's Diner, we wanted to support locally owned businesses. Plus, the food's way better!Since my last review the menu's changed a little, but the quality and quantity of food you get is still consistently good. I ordered the special for the day- the meatloaf breakfast. At around $10, it was an large helping of sliced meatloaf covered in gravy, 3 eggs, with your choice of toast/biscuit and hash browns.The meatloaf was dense and packed with flavor. The hash browns, as always, were excellent, cooked on the griddle perfectly. I opted for a biscuit, which was a large fist-sized portion, light and fluffy tasting. It was so much food I could only finish about half.Service was friendly and drinks were refilled as needed. Overall, still a great place to dine!
5	Recently went to Sunny's Diner for a large family reunion. We were able to make reservations, for a party of 13.  Server did a great job. Food came quickly.  And Refills provided promptly.
4	Great causal dinning! Casey is the best server! Clean and very good service. Would eat here several times a week!
5	I always judge a diner by their biscuits and gravy and Sunny's Diner has amazing biscuits and gravy.Oh, and the service was good too.
5	Breakfast all day. Even if you work nights. Food served hot quick. Fast. Very nice staff.
3	The food isn't amazing, but it's not bad either. It's just your average breakfast joint. I live really close to this place, so it is a great place to just ride your bike to. We have never had an issue with the service, they are usually on top of everything.
