5	Great spot with quick turnaround(think: 1 day for multiple items) and great prices. They ask ?'s before hand (unlike a few overly-confident tailors in vegas who'll remain nameless in this review). Very thoughtful and experienced staff.So far, the ladies here have hemmed several pairs of (fancy, stiff) jeans and worked on some $$$ (unraveling) synthetic threads of mine with superb results, matching repair threads and all. But I haven't tried out their press or other services. This is a place to get hemmed :-)
5	Great place and very friendly and helpful. Quick turn around, good work and even sent me a text message telling me when I could come and pick up my suit!
5	I've been to a few tailors that I brought my pants to get altered but this place was the best! I was very reluctant to bring my jeans here because they're raw denim but they did an amazing job! The lady was very nice and even asked me when I needed them done by. The prices were cheap and they did a phenomenal job! I recommend!
5	I love this place! I just picked up some items that were dropped off a few days ago and I am extremely happy with the quality of work and promptness this business provides. I like that they take their time with you, ask you questions and offer a professional opinion on the items they are tailoring for you. It's nice to know that they listen to your requests and pay attention to details. The proof is in their work and the prices are very affordable. Today I dropped of a coat I just purchased and offered to pay extra to pick up as soon as possible. They would NOT accept any extra payment and told me it would be ready by tomorrow. With amazing customer service like this, how could I ever go anywhere else? A Tailor is very prompt, courteous, professional, and their quality of work is outstanding. I have found my new tailor. I will recommend them to all my friends and family. Thank you for the great service and amazing work!!!
5	A very helpful, friendly, and knowledgeable tailor.  Great service and I will definitely be coming back here.
5	This is by far the best tailor I've ever been to! And I've lived all over the world. They pay such attention to detail, do an incredible job, and their price is the best in town. I've come to them several times and I will continue to come back time and time again. Thanks
