4	Russ and I ventured in here on a Saturday Night (Labor Day weekend) after taking down some fine beers at a Montreal establishment. I was admittedly nervous as that I had chickened out last time I went to a strip club with Russ (I had told him I'd buy him a lap dance and did not) -- since Russ is about teh boobs -- I had to find the most curvacious, buxom woman in Super Sexe and I found her.All I can say is VaddaVoom. She was all real and yay, not a total stick figure. After drinking about 2 over priced Heineken's, I finally had the courage to ask her "So, if I wanted to buy my boyfriend a lapdance from you, could I watch?"Well, not only could I watch, I could join in on the fun. Apparently we had options, we could sit with all the college kids about to rocket off through their jeans getting lap dances in the bull pen.... orrrrrrrrrrr........we could go upstairs.::looks over at pathetic guys with their eyes rolled back in the heads:::Upstairs we go!After hearing what Chris Rock said about the Champagne room, I was wary, but decided to take the hit and Russ and I followed her up into the depths of the back stair case. The second floor was full of large black men who demanded we pay them "Entrance Fees" -- And we did, then we paid another guy -- and then, we got a private room alone, more expensive, but I didn't want to sit in the same room as Mr. Upskirt laying on the ground of the strip club while as dancer danced over him. Maybe next time?So, there we were. The two of us with our buxom, blonde, double D'd new friend. After explaining the rules, she danced, and by danced I mean straddled us drunkenly (and nakedly) for a long, long time. I mostly laughed a lot. It was totally surreal. Way more expensive that she said, but hey, I'm not arguing with the girl --     you can't really put a price on that crazy experience -- and now I know, there is really no sex in the champagne room -- hell there is no champagne in the champagne room -- just big black guys and understandably drunk (albeit seriously hot) strippers. For those of you who are afraid of places like this, it honestly wasn't so bad. Lots of young college faces (maybe kids from McGill) and a handful of couples.  Oh, and if you're interested in only the dancers on stage, they were pretty good, def. a conversation piece and hey, it's Montreal, eh?
4	Back in my school days, I used to go to a lot of strip clubs with my richer, sleazier friends. Although Super Sexe is over the top (just look at the sign) and crawling with rowdy Americans whose sole conception of Montreal is this place and Peel Pub, it's still worth a trip as the most famous strip club in Montreal.Their size sucks when it comes to paying for the cover, the coat check, and the beer; and unless you're dropping serious money, the service dries up quick too. However, there are multiple stages with girls on them at the same time, and they get a lot more acrobatic at Super Sexe than at other places along St. Catherine.We never (despite lots of idle talk) managed to make it to Super Sexe for the free brunch they have during the day. By now, the idea may have been built up so much that actually going would ruin it... which is oddly ironic, considering the whole nature of strip-tease, erotic desire, and the rest: in other words, once you finally get it, you no longer want it. But I would be curious to find out if anyone else has tried the food there.
1	This was my first strip club! I was dragged here by a villainous lady friend that we'll call Sue one Saturday night. Alright, to be fair I was curious so I wasn't putting up much of a fight.Big burly men keep asking you for money as you make your way up the stairs through a series of dark rooms until you finally make it into the club. There you are strong-armed into buying expensive crappy beer every twenty minutes or so by impatient waitresses.At first things were fine and we discussed the political sexuality of the strip club and the surprising diversity of body types with the dancers. I was surprised to see many of the patrons were groups of young men and women. The clientele isn't nearly as sketchy as the place was which is good.Sue doesn't drink but waitresses kept coming by to make sure we were buying drinks so we wouldn't get kicked out. Being against wastefulness and being more than a little nervous I drank it all. All that cheap beer hit me at once.Next thing you know I am tearfully telling Sue all about losing the love of my life (which apparently is my first girlfriend). I think Sue may have offered to buy me a lap dance or at least go halfsies on one in an effort to cheer me up. I don't think I could hear her over my tipsy self-flagellation. I am lucky Sue even talks to me anymore.So why one star? I don't know if it is normal strip club etiquette to be constantly shaken down for money. But at times employees and waitresses were downright rude about it. I suppose I shouldn't be surprised by a tacky business model in what is at the very least a tacky industry. But somehow I still was. I don't think it helped that none of the girls could really dance.
4	It's a strip club that seems to run the gamut from being really awesome (weekend nights) to really dull (weekday nights)i dragged Peter G there over the summer in my never ending quest to corrupt the young lad, and was annoyed to find out that there was a 2 drink minimum per person. Back when I drank this was not a big deal, but being as I can't anymore, poor Peter G had to take 2 for the team (well 4) and drink my drinks as well as his own. This resulted in a quick decline from "wow this is interesting" to "baaaaawwwwww" on his part.one thing i noticed (and was annoyed by since I wanted to buy him a lap dance) is that the strippers never came over to our table...i'm guessing it was since we were a mixed gender couple, because they were all over the tables that were populated only by men. that was annoying since  i couldn't really leave my morose compatriot behind to hunt down a diversion.as for the club, it is large, has multiple stages, the dancers run the gamut from really thin to rubenesque and from barely moving to "i wonder if they are trying out for cirque de soliel"
5	When I was 18... this was like Yankees Stadium and the Playboy Mansion rolled up in one._C$
1	It's always a bad sign when the first girl you see when you walk in has a belly that sticks out further then her boobs do.  I showed up with some friends, and we paid the cover to get in.  The door guy took our tickets and then introduced us to another bouncer who said we had to pay additional to get a table.  I told him we didn't want a table but he said we had no choice and he charged us a few bucks a head to get seats.  When he walked us in there were no seats available so he put  us next to an empty stage.  I asked for our money back and he said no.  As the man was larger then me, as was his companion, and i was on foreign soil, i let it go.  A waitress then came over and told us we had to order drinks.  No one had mentioned that when we paid the cover charge of course.  We sat there for about 15 minutes and watched a procession of mostly fat and ugly girls come ask us if we would like lap dances.  That was all we really needed, and we headed for the door.We didn't experience the lap dances so i can't comment there, but the place looked seedy, the girls were gross, and the drinks were watered down.  I would avoid this place like the plague.World famous?  I think not.  What a disappointment!
4	Generic Montreal strip club. Woman are beautiful depending on the night you go and what time. Its pretty dirty and needs renovations but aside from that the dancers make it worthwhile.
1	For every 18 y/o boy, Super Sexe is a must. One star for being an original, one-time experience.How to get the most for your money: There is no way around the cover charge, which is usually about $5. Go in the warmer months so you can avoid the mandatory coat check ($2.50?). Go during the morning/early afternoon for the free BRUNCH. You have to have a drink in front of you or they kick you out, so just buy a beer and drink it slooow.If you follow this easy formula you will be laughing triumphantly with a face full of mashed potatoes and a post-menopausal stripper gyrating apathetically in your lap telling you all about her grandchildren who go to Concordia.Bliss.
2	During the 1990s, when I lived in Montreal in my late teens/early 20s, I was a frequent visitor to Super Sexe and other Montreal strip clubs. Super Sexe was always clean and classy with hot women. It was always packed at any time of day or day of the week. I was very disappointed when I stepped in there in May 2011. It looks like the owners had not put any money into renovating it for the past 10 years. There were very few patrons, and the girls looked bored. They only had a girl dancing on stage every other song. After chatting with a stripper at Super Sexe's sister club, Super Contact, I learned that the weak economy and the weak US dollar has been keeping the tourists away and as a result keeping the strip clubs empty. It is really a shame. Some of best guys nights out ever happened here. I hope it recovers as the economy improves.
3	This place is phantom mezza-mezz, the chicks are hot in this club that is for sure, however this place has sleazy Italian mob scene written all over it. First, although they "don't charge a cover" we were told we HAVE to tip the bouncer a minimum of 3 dollars for him leading us to our seats, which were at the bar because when we got there it was EMPTY, literally we were the only ones..awkward. So we sit down and get some drinks, pretty expensive but its what I expected. We get our drinks and are approached by some female bloak. She is nice, a little too nice if you ask me, she tricked me into getting her a drink, which she didn't even like, so I drank it. Eventually people end up showing up and we take a seat closer to perverts row so we can see the females vagine up close and personal. Eventually some peeler makes her way my way and sweet and dirty talks me into taking her to the backstage area for some dances contact. I am told I need to pay a onetime entry fee of 20 dollars so I can use the "private rooms" okay whatever, charge me the 20 dollars. I must say she gave a great lap dance, I cannot complain, my hands were everywhere, and she got fully nude and showed off her piercings which were nice. Especially her cl*t piercing. I wish she allowed me to fully explore that region of her body, but no dice. She did however get within 6 inches of my face and went to town on herself for a minute or so. Overall it was a great lap dance.The club is a tourist trap but it is what it is, the girls are hot, the food was nasty, and the dj was French, all in all worth a go of it when visiting Montreal.
4	So it's safe to say, this is tourist central...or maybe bachelor party central for everyone from the US who's in Montreal.  The facility is large, the girls are pretty good looking, and the private dances definitely go further than most places in the US.  Prices are pretty much on par with the states at $20/song, but it's also annoying you have to pay an extra fixed cost which I guess goes to the house each time you get a dance (i.e. it's $20 to get access upstairs for a dance with a girl but each song costs $20, so dances essentially start at $40 for one song.)  Anyway, there's good reason why every American who ends up in Montreal knows of this place!
1	Completely a tourist trap. On top of a $5 cover, there was a fixed "tip" of $10 to be seated even though we saw our friends just past the entrance. Once seated its mandatory to buy a drink... We had a party of 7 or so and the bartender made sure every one of us bought one. Beers were $8 and my sangria was $10 (plus tip obviously. they'll remind you). Or there was a $56 "bucket of beer" which included six beers and a lapdance.I guess this place would be good for anyone underage as they didn't ID us. The crowd was older (men) so I guess they don't usually need to worry about it. I'm guessing that a lot of Americans go here. One introduced himself to us after taking a break from throwing and playing around with those $1 bills that Americans have and laughing drunkenly and loving his life. He asked us how old we were (we were all around 18) and kept commenting on how young we all look. He recommended that we get a private room and my friend mentioned that we weren't going to spend the money on it. He responded that money shouldn't be an issue and offered to take us all to one. He said it would be like a "class trip". A CLASS TRIP. If I wasn't drunk I probably would've left Montreal forever but since I was drinking it seemed funny.If I wasn't drunk I would've hated my life. Won't go back.
1	Went to Montreal for a weekend with friends, as I am sure many others did as well! Came here because a friend suggested it and it was the worst experience I have ever had at any establishment EVER.Mandatory tipping, overpriced drinks, shoved out the door because we were there for too long. HORRIBLE WAITRESS. gave her an 8$ tip on a $40 tab (which was 4 beers) and she complained and TOOK $10 INSTEAD. SHE TOOK MONEY FROM US.Save yourself the time and don't stop in here. Spend your money elsewhere.
