5	Cos Bar is a small boutique in Kierland which offers high end cosmetics. I like the idea because you will find department store cosmetics in this chic little boutique without having to go to a mall. Cos Bar offers Lancome, Clinique, and Chanel to name a few. The girls who work there are really nice and well give you a little spruce and answer any questions you have! Have fun looking at all the expensive make-up!.
4	Ahhhh...the feel of 24 carat gold on my face...Walking around Kierland Commons in Phoenix the other day with a good friend, Karen, we noticed that one of the stores in the mall carries La Prairie products, the COS Bar.  We stopped in and asked one of the saleswomen in the store, Barbara, about the La Prairie 24 carat gold product.  One of my wisest, oldest, and closet friends who's living the life in London, Davinchi, told me about an interesting experience he had with this particular skin care product which is made in France.  The product is beautifully encased in a gold cylindrical container that is shaped like a thick, gold-plated, humanoid penis.  Barbara squirted a small amount of the super serum onto the back of our hands.  The serum was clear and viscous.  There were literally tiny, sparkling flecks of gold flakes suspended in the essence that were clearly visible to the naked eye.  Rubbing the serum into my skin with a circular motion, it took a bit of time for it to dissolve thoroughly and to absorb through the outer skin layer.  It left a slightly tacky finish, a slightly golden tinge on my skin, and an earthy, musky fragrance that reminded me of wild vegetation growing in the rainforest.  Barbara allowed Karen and me to apply a small amount of the product to our faces.  We applied it to the base of our foreheads, cheeks, and nose.  Barbara promised that within a few hours we would notice a significant improvement in our skin hue and condition.Before leaving the COS Bar, I noticed that the 5 inch, penis shaped, gold plated container only contains 1 fluid ounce of product.  And, the price is $570.  We walked around the commons for a bit and eventually forgot about the serum on our faces.  But, later that night in my hotel room while brushing my teeth I looked into the mirror at me staring at me and remembered Barbara's promise.  I looked at every detail of my face carefully, every line, ridge, and undulation, searching for improvement.  Everything looked pretty familiar. I sighed. I sighed a heavy sigh of relief.  I guess I wouldn't want to ever be anyone other than me - that's right, me with all my flaws and my imperfect skin.  I finally noticed that my cheeks seemed to glow in a brighter shade of a golden hue.  But, it was probably because I was happy.There's no cosmetic that works better than happiness.
5	Always my first place to look for cosmetics when in Scottsdale. Great selection and great staff. Ask for Babs.
1	I have been into this shop a handful times and not once has anyone been helpful or polite. I live right in Kierland so what better place to run in and have a full selection of makeup without having to go to the mall!...wrong. I went in once wanting a whole new look and the sales girl said 'oh these are some nice colors' and walked away. Every other time they seem to be impatient when helping me find what I need. I would rather make the drive to the mall.
4	I like that Cosbar is conveniently close. They have a nice selection of nice parfume & cosmetics, such as Boby Brown, Chanel, YSL, Nars, Clinique, etc. The downside is that it is privately owned so they have odd hours. They close early sometimes, so I have to call first before I go there. The staff are somewhat helpful, depending on who is working. Usually there are 1 or 2 people working. It's nice for me because I have numerous chemical allergies, and since there are not many customers, the shop does not smell of frangrances. It's small, but because of that, I get more help from the staff regarding their products. Just the other nite my friend went in for me to get a couple things...Monica (staff) talked to me on the phone & without being there, she was right on! She chose a cover-up powder & concealer for me & I wasn't even there! And I love it! She recommended Mercier duo concealer (which is awesome)!
2	I love makeup and so therefore I love CosBar for what if offers...however, not such a big fan of the customer service. I have been to the CosBar in Aspen, CO and the people were much more friendly there. However, at this location, you are clearly reminded that you are in Scottsdale :(.
5	There are cosmetic counter girls and then there are girls who know what the heck it is they're doing. I'm partial to Bobbi Brown, but Heather Moots is your girl for all things available at Cos Bar, especially Bobbi. She's so fun, so ask for Heather!
5	I recently became a regular customer at Cos Bar. Normally I would shop at Ulta Cosmetics but ever since I went to Cos Bar 6 months ago I refuse to go to any other cosmetic store in Scottsdale/Phoenix. I do a lot of online shopping for my Chanel, Bobbi Brown, Clique, and Giorgio Armani cosmetics because its usually easier. Well not anymore!! I completely enjoy every trip I take to Cos Bar. The staff is wonderful, helpful, fun, and really try to relate to me and what I am looking for. When I went into Cos Bar the first time I was looking for a neutral lip balm with SPF in it for a pool party...not only did the woman helping me find exactly what I wanted but she also gave me many great new ideas and fun ways to wear my makeup to the party I was attending. I am constantly getting complements on my skin tone and how soft my skin looks, I honestly cannot take any of the credit for my skin. It all goes to the wonderful women at Cos Bar. I even went into Cos Bar after receiving some samples in the mail from Clique and the women really helped me to understand how, when and what to use the specific products. Like i said before I will not go to any other retailer to buy my makeup products, perfumes, lotions and skin care. Cos Bar always has what I need in stock and they are always willing to order me extra in case I go out of town. Thank you Cos Bar for being so wonderful and I am also glad to see that your line has now reached out to my surrounding Target Store.Jess R.
4	I was just here today to pick up some makeup. They happened to be out of both products that I needed but Barbara was happy to have it shipped to me from another store, no shipping charge. I specifically went because they had an offer of spending $35, you get $135 in product gift samples.I was thrilled with the service and the store. I will definitely be returning!This would have been a 5-star but since they didn't have the products after driving all the way over from downtown Phoenix, I give them a 4-star. I did get the free gift though so that was nice.
4	I was just here today to pick up some makeup. They happened to be out of both products that I needed but Barbara was happy to have it shipped to me from another store, no shipping charge. I specifically went because they had an offer of spending $35, you get $105 in product gift samples.I was thrilled with the service and the store. I will definitely be returning!This would have been a 5-star but since they didn't have the products after driving all the way over from downtown Phoenix, I give them a 4-star. I did get the free gift though so that was nice.Added two days later: the customer service has been amazing! Heather called me at 10:30am, 18 hours after I had been there and said they had gotten one product in that I was waiting for and would ship it immediately so I would have to wait for it to come from Santa Fe. It came in the mail today with a handwritten thank you note and two small samples. Impressive! I didn't know companies still hand wrote thank you notes.
1	I wanted badly to support this store because it is very convenient to where I live.  There were three employees that I could see when I visited, yet apparently only one knew how to properly apply eye liner.  When I try a new liner I like to see how they work with the product first.  The one person who could help was helping someone else which was not the fault of the store but what struck me is how unfriendly he was.  I've worked with him numerous times previously and bought a lot from this store.  He could have at least pretended to be friendly whether he recognized me or not. Very uncomfortable atmosphere.  I'd rather support a department store at this point.
2	Will not be my go to place for buying make up. Staff is pretty stiff, snooty, and not friendly. Make up is unkept, dust everywhere. No one bothers to help you. Not one person out of the 7 people working did anyone greet me. Should have walked out on the spot. I'll continue shopping at Nordstrom.
5	My first visit -fantastic. Great variety of products. Store is beautiful.  I like that no one is just pushing their line of skincare and cosmetics. They will introduce you to the products they think are best for you. The staff was very friendly and gave  a lot of attention to each customer. The Manager, Gloria, is a delight. I had a very bad reaction to another skincare product (friend sold). Gloria gave me a great skin line and samples.My skin quickly cleared and added so much moisture.  She is an expert!
5	I stopped in today for the first time.  Joe was so helpful and sweet!  He knows the products and wasn't pushy at all.  I left with exactly what I was looking for.  I will definitely be back.
