4	Bakery and Coffee is a newly welcomed addition to the Summerlin area.Located along Rampart and West Lake Mead, the store is situated next door to Smith Grocery Store and The Omelette House.Coffee, freshly made pastries, ice cream and a Kosher entree menu make for a wonderful new and different kind of cafe that already only a week doing business is already becoming popular with locals.Ordering the Eggplant Panini and the Portobello Sandwich the owner threw in a couple of parve pastries chocolate, custard and jam to try while I waited for the sandwiches. I will say the sandwiches were not bad, the breads were all made that day back of house. And as for the pastries well, they were tasty and something I will be heading back for.Recommendation:  The Burekas are awesomeOverallFood: 4-5Drink: 3-5Service: 4-5Coming back: yes
4	A kosher bakery? Yes please! In the same plaza as the German Bread Bakery? Double yes! Carb mecca up in here.In addition to a case full of sweet and savory baked goods with fillings like cherries, potatoes, mushrooms, spinach, and cheese, there are various wraps, paninis, calzones, and burekas. And it's mostly vegetarian and kosher. Eggpant panini is delicious, but the House Special panini is probably even better, with zatar, pesto, egg, tomato, and cheese.  If that's not enough, there are some dessert cakes available, a limited coffee menu, and also ice cream. Service is polite, decor is bright pinks and reds, and there's plenty of seating. Remember, they're closed on Saturdays for Sabbath!
4	I walked into this unassuming shop, attracted by the pastries I spotted at the back of the space.  Simply named, Bakery & Coffee serves (kosher) baked goods, made-to-order lunch entrees, and coffee.  They also offer ice cream!  To be honest, I wasn't expecting greatness; the shop has only been in business for a week and a half, one display case was completely empty, and the look of the inside appeared unfinished, to me.  Also, the uncovered pastries on trays on top of the one full display case seemed odd to me -- isn't normal practice to protect pastries from the elements?  The people behind the counter were so nice and seemed genuinely excited about their shop, which made me excited about what to try.  I selected a lemon tart and apple turnover (from the uncovered tray!) for takeaway.At home, my husband and I dove into both treats.  Wow!  The lemon tart was silky smooth, the texture of which contrasted so nicely with the cookie-like crust.  The curd was a lovely balance of sweet and tangy and seriously, I wish I bought a few more of these.  My apple turnover was fantastic.  The pastry was flaky, the filling wasn't too sweet, and again, I wish I got a few more of these babies.  Ok.  I'm definitely going back to try a sandwich and procure more yummy treats!  Welcome to the neighborhood, Bakery & Coffee!
