5	This is my first time visiting this shop. It's in a very  nice neighborhood. The shop was beautiful with plenty of parking spaces. They carry a nice selection of juices: Pink Spot, Five Pawns, etc... The owners were very pleasant and we had a very nice conversation about vaping. :)
5	I live in Anthem and was driving up eastern and saw the e-cigarette sign so I went to check it out. The store was really clean and organized which was the first good sign and i was greeted pleasantly by the employee there. I told him I was new to the "vape" world and just wanted more information. He really took the time to go over everything and answer all my questions. I walked out with the starter kit and got some free juices with it. I'm trying to quit smoking cigarettes so I like using the vaper so far
5	If you haven't visited yet... you are missing out! The best place in the Henderson/Anthem area to get your juices! Top quality products and very knowledgeable staff. Come get your vape on!!
5	I came to the city empty handed and wanted to rebuild. I called around, and not only did they have the necessities to rebuild my RBA, I was able to pickup an OHM reader from this place. Sold out EVERYWHERE in the OC. Highly recommended to anyone that new or advanced. Staff is friendly and willing to assist until you're 100% satisfied.
5	This place is awesome. I've gone several times and its always been a great experience. Great customer service and awesome prices. Also in a very nice area. I plan to keep going back here! :)
5	Vape2o has some great great products. They have a great variety of flavors such as jameson, Five Pawns, Flavors by Joe and more. Prices are typical for these flavors. I tested a couple out here on cartomizers. There's only one shop that i can think of that does this. The person who helped me had to prepare the flavor into a cartomizer , as opposed to the normal display of clearomizers on a stand. I find this neat as the flavor to me comes out more either by dripping into a rebuildable or through a cartomizer.Once i stepped into the store, i was immediately greeted, I believe there was one customer hanging out on the couch watching tv, and the others were walking behind the showcases. I felt wanted which is a plus for me. I took a short look around at their mods and was impressed. Not a single clone! They even have the colored red or blue sentinel i wanted by Grand Vapor. There are many shops that carry clones or replicas which is fine by me as it is affordable, but i'm glad there's a small handful of those shops that carry legit products. A+ in my book, even though i cannot afford half the time LOLEven though it is so far away from home, I'll definitely stop by for some flavors next time i'm in the area. I've been to so many shops now that some flavors are just worth the drive.5/5 thank you
5	Love the starter kit I got! The staff was very friendly and the shop was very clean. 5 stars across the board!
5	The staff was professional and knowledgeable.  The prices where standard but they offer a free bottle of vape juice after 10 purchases which is something I didn't find at the other shops.  I recommend this shop based of product knowledge and attentive employees.
5	Vape2o is one of my top go to vape shops around town. They carry legit genuine products. Very good people there too. Tom and Ed are very informative and they def know their stuff. Very cool people just to hang out and have a good vape sesh with. They teach all the basic things you need to know. No doubt ill be coming back even just to chill.
5	Walked in here with no knowledge on e cigarettes or vaping. I just needed to find something that would help me drop my smoking habit. They have a good selection of juices and quite a few different vaporizer setups. The staff was very helpful and even let me sample a few juices before I made any decisions. All in all I'm happy with my starter setup and pretty much got rid of my smoking habit since I've made the change. This is my go to spot for all vaping needs. Thx for the help!
2	Not really impressed with the flavors and they didn't have my 18 mg of nicotine they don't have a vap station so you have to stand and wait for them to set up a tasting the stool they have to sit on are very shaky so be careful it didn't like formula 51 or the smurf one and they don't have their own juice the juice they do have is very over priced I won't be going back
5	I was new to vaping and actually asked my wife to go in to the store (since we live closeby) and pick up some juice. The staff was very helpful and educated her on the product so she would understand what it was she actually was buying for me - I've been back and would consider myself a regular now - I buy my juice there (FlavorZ by Joe - CoolPort) and have also been getting my hardware there - Although I'm a tech nut, I'm kinda done with the internet shops - I've had some bad experiences - So I prefer to spend a few bucks more and visit a local store where the advise is instant, free and delivered with a smile. I suggest stopping in and giving them a try - Nice shop, clean and in a neighborhood where you can feel safe parking your car ;-)
5	This place was awesome. It was a little different lay out then what I am used to in CA but it was a very professional setting. Guy helped me and he was uhhh-mazing, totally explained everything thoroughly and answered all my questions. I couldn't be happier with my purchases and my service! Thank you Vape2o:)
5	I've become a regular here and all the guys are very helpful and knowledgeable! They give everything to you straight and I recommend listening to them when they give their insight and advice in all aspects to this hobby.  This place is by far the best shop I have been to so far!
5	Awesome shop with a massive juice collection. Space jam andromeda all day. The standard, Jameson, five pawns, the list goes on. Customer service is awesome! Ed is always helpin out and sports on the tvs is a plus lol! I can kick it there and try flavors for a good while sometimes too! Check it out you won't be disappointed. Rebuildables welcome.
5	Place was pretty swell, met guy, ed, and manny the builder. Guys are awesome and know their stuff. Definitely recommend any beginner mod builders to come learn and vape. Far from my house but probably wanting to become a regular customer.
5	This place has always been really helpful since the day I started, till now. Really amazing prices and always really helpful! Nice guys in here who will deal with the questions to make sure you get what you're looking for. Awesome and huge variety of flavors and mods.
5	This is my go-to shop. I always feel welcome, unlike other shops I have been to. The guys are the best! They have guided me from being a newbie into an enthusiast!
5	Great custom service as always! They're very knowledgeable and know all there products! Huge selection of mods and the best juices in town. I get everything from them! Thanks guys! :D
5	very helpful staff, amazing products and I love their builds ! highly recommend checking out this vape shop
