5	I went to the grand opening of the Livermore and I am really excited about the food, drinks and ambiance.  The owners have kept most of the historical details intact and have lovingly restored the space.  The name Livermore comes from the legendary stock market trader and author of How to Trade Stocks, Jessie Livermore.  Livermore was famed for making and losing multi-million dollar fortunes and short selling during the stock market crashes in 1907 and 1929.  I think the restaurant captures a sense of the early 20th century, evoked by the high ceilings, stained glass and tile work.  The food here is all made from scratch, including the artisan bread.  One highlight is the delicious Crostini that come in 5 different varieties.  The drinks are made using old school techniques, they don't use any shortcuts, and they are all high quality.   Some cool things about the restaurant include an authentic antique cash register.  The bar is made from the wood salvaged from a bowling alley, so as you can imagine, it looks rather old and impressive.  Another feature is the huge shop window that looks out into the street.  This is definitely a cool place to hang out, I know that I will be back.
5	This is the new bar from the guys who brought the magnificent Bar Marco to Pittsburgh. The Livermore doesn't disappoint. This is a cool bar with great craft cocktails and tasty snacks. In East Liberty. This is the new hip neighborhood in Pittsburgh and these guys are here early. On night one the place was standing room only--a great sign of things to come. The menu features a few specialty cocktails plus a list if classics. They also have a couple of wines by the glass and beer (bottled). The food menu is simple--crostini, salad, small sandwiches, bar snacks. The food is tasty but not complicated. You probably will come here for drinks and happen to get some food, not the other way around. That's not to say that the food isn't very good ( it is), but when everyone's having a rollicking good time and the bar is cranking out perfectly mixed craft cocktails somehow food can take a back seat in one's mind. Check it out. You won't be disappointed! This is a great addition to not only East Liberty but also Pittsburgh more broadly.
3	I was prematurely wildly enthusiastic about the coming of The Livermore; on edge waiting to have a decent cocktail bar that I can walk to; and more importantly, from.  But my first impression was not so hot. We went on a Friday night, it was fairly busy, but seemingly well staffed. Despite the crowd and lack of seating, we were rapidly greeted and given waters and menus. A seat at the end of the bar soon opened up and we felt golden! So we sat there. And sat there. And wondered who of the three men behind the bar was supposed to serve us. Finally, the same person on the floor who greeted us with water picked up on the fact no one had taken our order (that guy was truly on the ball!). Drinks: The Manhattan was excellent and reasonably priced. The Almost Home, was fine, but it was $12 and I actually liked the Manhattan better - thus traded with my partner. I'll probably stick with the classics here. The biggest issue, the only real-harder-to-solve problem, was that the space is extremely loud when full of people yelling over each other, so the atmosphere was jarring. While beautiful, the high ceilings and tiled walls and floors don't help dampen the noise. Not sure if that can be reconciled. I seriously wanted to go around whispering shhhh in people's ears - subtly advising that soft voices can not only be heard, but are alluring. Either way, I will definitely return and hope for a more relaxed crowd.
2	WOW. So...they messed up everyone's orders, they were pretty much out of everything, and when our orders did eventually arrive, they were just ok. Points for serving food late and being open, and extra points for being so totally disorganized that we were only charged for half of what we ordered, if I knew that were the deal going in, I would have been much more cool with the lack of everything.
3	The $12 craft cocktail market in Pittsburgh is officially over saturated...  On a Saturday night the place was loud and crowed, but service was still pretty quick. However, the drink list is short, and for $12 a drink I didn't get the experience/complexity/portion I've come to expect from the Tender's and H&H's of the world.  Bonus points for a solid Negroni ($8?) and being accommodating when splitting the check.
3	A friend and I went here after having dinner at Spoon so I don't know if I felt too full to enjoy the drink I was having or if the drink I was having wasn't that enjoyable.  In either event, I wasn't too fond of the red wine that I had.  Unfortunately I can't even remember which one I chose, but I remember I was looking for more of a Cabernet and what I got was more like a dessert wine.  It was too sweet for my taste and I ended up leaving most of it behind.  Their cocktails looked carefully crafted and tasty.  I tried my friend's and it was STRONG.  I would go here again but would opt for a cocktail next time.
4	The owners are great. The drinks are very good.  This not a place to go to for food.  Drinks are the best.  I had an old fashioned and a manhattan, both were excellent and priced appropriately.
4	My friends and I went last night. The bartender was really nice, the food was good, the drinks were better! I liked the atmosphere of the place. It was fairly warm out, so the door was open, letting in fresh air, and it was kind of dim in there so it felt very warm and intimate.I had the brussel sprout salad. Nomz. And also shells and cheese. The shells and cheese were kind of really greasy and salty but good.I'll definitely come here again for some cocktails! Yay!
5	This place has fantastic classic cocktails. They have a very good liquor selection and really take the time to make a nice craft cocktail, carefully measured with fresh ingredients - better than I'd make myself at home. Drinks are priced accordingly, in the $10-12 range.The atmosphere is interesting. Its not a dive bar, its not a classy place. It kind of feels like a deli - but where they serve artisanal drinks rather than sandwiches. I quite like it, actually. Its quiet enough to have a conversation, but usually busy enough to not feel lonely. I expect Hemmingway would have liked it. It is a clean, well lighted place, after all.One of these days I'll have to try their dollar oysters. Hopefully they're fantastic - because that price sure is.
5	I really enjoyed the evening there. The bar was full, but not hopelessly crowdy, and we were able to find seats at the bar. It's lively, but not too noisy, so you can talk. The cocktails (particularly enjoyed my sidecar) are good (but not cheap). I love the space, its large counter and and its big windows - it feels like you are somehow in the street, at the same time as inside. We'll be back.
2	i;ve been three times and think it's overpriced. the atmosphere is cold and whitewashed. We went Saturday for my friend's birthday and the bartender, who she knew, offered to make her a special drink + send over food, which in my experience means you are going to be comped.  At the end of the night we were charged $30 for a meat + cheese plate that we never ordered. While I may be perceived as another whiny pittsburgher who doesn't get good food and good drink, I will argue that having traveled all over the world and spent a good deal of time living in new york and boston, I've experienced plenty of delicious food and drink and you don't need to spend $120 on a night out. A $12 3 sip cocktail is b-o-r-i-n-g, unoriginal and overrated.
3	As other's have mentioned, when crowded this place is loud. For me this would be a great weeknight drink spot.On a busy Saturday night service was friendly and adequate, with a solid mixed drink and beer menu.
4	So, both times I've been here I've had a really fun night. The atmosphere is very sophisticated yet laid back. The bartenders are really nice and tend to your needs. I did have to flag one down on a Saturday night after sitting at the bar for about 10 minutes. The variety of the cocktails is extensive and great. The food I've had has been pretty good but overpriced. I think the owners want this place to be a little more upscale than it will turn out to be, hence the overpriced food and cocktails. However, I really did like the atmosphere and I know I'll be back again soon. I look forward to re-reviewing this place in the future.
5	Awesome drinks and atmosphere. Don and Abbey are amazing bartenders. Not only do they create terrific drinks but also exude a passion and joy for serving individuals. Really a special place.
2	I want to like the Livermore but I just don't. I was so excited as construction began and must say that the bar is absolutely gorgeous. There are giant windows with decent people watching. Beautiful glassware, beautiful food, beautiful decor. But. and here is the but, I find it so uncomfortable! The layout is weird and seating is limited. The giant windows make it feel a bit as if you're in a fish bowl. And the noise- it gets incredibly loud. Also it gets steamy inside- literally the windows will be covered.I been twice and ordered classic cocktails- manhattan, old fashioned, whiskey sour. I've never been blown away. The drinks I've had were fine but not outstanding. At 10-12$ a pop that was disappointing. Loved the spicy nuts and potato chips. The potato chips were on the house though because they only had a half order left.
2	I really enjoyed my cocktail and the atmosphere, however, I went on a weekday so it was not particularly busy. I could definitely  see it getting packed and loud on weekends as the space is very limited and they try to accommodate as many as possible.The drink menu only listed the names of the drink, any other establishment would have the actual ingredients listed, or at least the main libation following the name. I am not a mixologist, I do not know a corpse river from a dark and stormy. I can not drink certain liquors so of course I had to ask our waitress what was in this and what was in that. She did not hide her annoyance with my questions. Sorry sweetheart, but  if the main libations were listed, I wouldn't have so many damn questions.I chose not to order any of the small bites but my companion ordered the oyster escabeche, which was very garlicky and messy. The oysters themselves were ice cold and rubbery. I do not see myself returning, if I want a cocktail, there are other places in the city I can think of.
5	Love this place every time we go. Excellent cocktails and friendly staff.  Great atmosphere!
4	Small plates, great cocktails, just the right balance of busy but not crowded on the three occasions I have been there recently. It is unintentionally turning into one of my East End spots to go where I want a little more upscale than my normal haunts, but without being too spendy or sit-down.  It's a great spot for two, maybe three, though I would suggest looking elsewhere if your group is larger.The bartenders are great, tell them what you like and let them come up with a cocktail just for you.  Half price oysters during happy hour don't hurt either.
1	Wow! I rarely write a review, but I feel compelled to do so after tonight.My partner and I shared 3 incredible cocktails, a shrimp cocktail and an amazing white fish pate. $52 with tip. Worth every penny and 5 stars. Then I got up to use the ladies room. This was when the horror movie began. I'm not making this up. To the rear is a single door, I walked through to see the door and all the drywall missing exposing a toilet and sink to the world. I really had to pee but it wasn't going to happen here. I continued on. I saw a man coming up from the basement, he told me there were two restrooms down there. One to the left, preferred, and one not preferred to the right. To the right was a door with a sigh saying Shadow Lounge, it was ajar. I went to the preferred left and found a tightly locked door with a deadbolt key lock and a sigh for what I believe was a tuxedo rental store. I really have to pee now. I go back to the door marked Shadow Lounge. I enter, a toilet. Yuck! It is not flushed and it will not flush. I'm desperate. I hover, I'll wipe up the seat after. Oh no! No paper!Upon arriving upstairs my partner had paid our bill. I left immediately and will not return. There is no excuse for what happened here. They should change their name to the a Twilight Zone. I'm giving this place 1 star only because it won't post with none. The finest food and drink in the world was not worth what I experienced.
3	A friend and I stopped here to kill some time before heading to an event. The place is small, but has big windows all around so you don't feel cramped in the space. The bar is big and we were able to get a seat easily even with the East Liberty Street Festival going on right outside. The walls are white shiny subway tile and the space is accented with live edge wood shelving behind the bar and a butcher block bar top. We shared an oyster dish that was oysters and bits of potato served on toasted bread. It was so delicious and had a hint of lemony flavor. The only downside is for $8, I would expect to get more than two little pieces of bread. I think 4 would have been more reasonable for that price.  I also ordered a drink. I'm not a big drinker so it doesn't take much to get me tipsy. I ordered the aviation at my friend's suggestion and it was GOOD. I don't like drinks that taste too strong of alcohol. This fit the bill. I was halfway though and already feeling a buzz, which doesn't mean a lot coming from someone like me, but whatevs. The best part was the maraschino cherry on the bottom of the glass. :)  I'm not the "let's go out for cocktails" kind of girl, but this place kind of makes me want to be! I don't know if this place would be a good fit for a dinner, but I don't necessarily think that's what they are aiming for anyway...It's a great place to come with friends for maybe lunch/light bites and to share/try a few tapas together.
4	First time I came here was when they first opened. I have to admit, I had a so so cocktail, was kinda bummed about it, and didn't make this a destination spot again.Well, now I find myself in the hood again, and I figure why not, give it another go round! I'm happy to report I'm very impressed. The last time I went the staff was a bit short with me, this time they were super friendly and helpful. My drink, a negroni, was wonderful!We also opted to try the mussels. They were served chilled on crostini with potatoes and obviously marinated in vinegar. They were scrumptious! Seriously, so good. It was such a tease, because it was such a small dish. Since it was only two crostini's, and I split it with my friend, one crostini was just not enough! So beware, if you're greedy, get one for yourself:)I'm more than happy to come back now, especially to try more food! I'll be interested to see if they ever expand their menu, because it's small. We'll see, because I'll check in again soon!
4	Stumbled upon the Livermore a couple weeks ago during a 2.5 hr wait for dinner plans. There were 8 of us, so we decided to have a drink nearby while we waited. There were 3 of us at first, and the rest of our party trickled in over about 15/20 mins. Our server was super friendly and came over to us straight away. I agree with some of the other reviewers that not having ingredients listed is a little annoying, but the server wasn't pretentious at all and was more than happy to explain anything to us. I opted for a classic margarita and it was delicious! Not a huge monster like I was accustomed to at a mex place, but petite and refined. As the rest of our party arrived, the guy working at the deli-looking counter came over with a complimentary "toast" they were trying out. I believe it was octopus tartar, and it was very tasty. Unfortunately, our time at the Livermore was cut short bec we ended up being seated for our nearby meal waaaaay earlier than expected, but our server was extremely kind to get our checks together quickly, and without any sort or attitude. Overall I had a really pleasant experience and hope to go back soon.
4	I've been to the Livermore twice now and have enjoyed it both times. The first time was early in the evening when a friend and I stopped in for a drink. We sat at one of the tables and a very pleasant female bartender took care of us. We simply told her "we like gin," and she immediately took the reigns and gave us great recommendations and explanations of different drinks on the menu. I had a Negroni and really enjoyed it. You could easily tell that they pay attention to every little detail when crafting cocktails. My second trip, tonight, was a slightly different experience. I had two Manhattans, both of which were excellent and completely consistent with each other. The bar was a bit more crowded than last time as it is Saturday night. It continued to fill up until we left around 10. Our bartender seemed very flustered, although the drinks he produced were still great. Maybe it was just an off night for him. The bar itself is stylish but not overdone. The bathroom could definitely use a makeover, though--not sure what's going on there (appears to be mid-renovation?).All in all, I like it here and will definitely be coming back.
5	New favorite Pittsburgh bar! The staff were friendly and attentive - to be honest, I was expecting the pretentiousness you find at other cocktail bars in the area. Not here ! The bartenders were more than happy to hear what I usually like and concoct a fitting cocktail creation - and the results were fabulous. We had a few apps as well that were equally divine - I highly recommend the bacon wrapped dates in particular. The whole experience left me smiling! Would recommend this highly to my friends.
4	Very similar to it's counterpart, Bar Marco in quality of cocktails, but with every aspect of the bar a little simpler.  The cocktail menu is pared down to classics and the food menu is really just snacks and nibbles.The space is very similar to Bar Marco, but the decor seems to lack the finish that Bar Marco has.  Good place for a laid back drink on the week nights, which is probably the biggest draw for me!  Love that there are more options in the East End for craft cocktails!!  There's also plenty of street parking.Service was also very attentive and friendly, so no complaints here.  Just remember that this isn't Bar Marco, so the bartender isn't going to concoct a different cocktail each time.  They're more than happy to provide suggestions, but they do have the menu of cocktails for a reason.
3	This place has grown on me. It's still not our go-to cocktails spot, but we don't shy away from stopping in if we're heading to dinner nearby. It's not the type of place that I can see spending the entirety of an evening, and we've rarely stuck around for more than one drink, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. The bartenders have always been nice, the atmosphere is welcoming, and their Old Fashioned is solid. They have a very small whiskey selection, and it seemed a little expensive the one time I was drinking straight whiskey, so I'd probably stick with the cocktails if you go.If you need a little base for your alcohol, the cheese plate is really good, as well. Enjoy!
5	This was my introduction to craft cocktails which is ironic because they specialize in traditional cocktails.  I guess it was something about the way the bartender waxed poetically about the Socratic merits of balance and form as he whipped up a frothy top and craved out symmetric pedals into it.  At this point I recognized that I had before me a professional and so I proceeded to drop the menu.  After all, why would I even want to make a decision when I don't know the correct answer.  "I love Manhattans but I there has to be something new out there that takes it to the next level."  Behold, five minutes later, the Black Mountain Stiletto.  I know, if you are very old you are probably thinking, but a Stiletto has Amaretto in it you fool, that ain't no damn Manhattan.  Correct, he swapped the Amaretto for Black Mountain which is an apple and black currant brandy liqueur.  A-ha, so the job of the sweet vermouth and the cherry bitters have just been taken up a notch.  And the lemon juice, which I would have never guessed, was pure alchemy.  It all came together so nicely. I ordered the next round from the menu.  Why would I do that?  I guess I was under the influence of the euphoric first drink and feeling broke.  I think I had the actual manhattan.  A plain old ex-favorite of mine made perfectly, but diminished by the novel experience provided by the talented Mr. Fry.
5	This has quickly become my favorite bar in the city. I can come here with dates, friends, or a laptop, and be guaranteed a casual and relaxed atmosphere with good food and drinks.  The bartenders are total cocktail/alcohol nerds in the best way possible, and whoever the chef is is a fantastic high-end snacker, which I can definitely appreciate.  I will be back regularly.
4	I've been to The Livermore a handful of times now. I have to admit, as mentioned in earlier reviews the rear bathroom area was a horror show, it certainly didn't match the rest of the beautiful bar space. That being said, they have since remodeled the bathroom - yay! The bar tenders are super nice and talented. I've always received great service and well made drinks. I'm pretty picky with my cocktails and The Livermore delivers.
5	Great drinks and snack menu.
2	I like most things. I give decent, lengthy reviews.  These do not apply here.Okay.  Save your money. They don't use the quality alcohol to constitute the price of their drinks. The "menu" is classic cocktails that you shouldn't need a menu for. Worst of all, the service here only gets worse the longer they've been open. All the decent bartenders have left.  I have also had that terrible bar experience where they charged me for everyone else's drinks, fixed the bill, charged me the correct amount and then never refunded the original amount. They even denied the claim when I tried to dispute it with my bank.  The seating is horrible too. Breathe.So. I cannot stand the "cooler than cool", I was born in the wrong century type establishments in my area, and this one takes the prize on that garbage.  It really is a shame since this bar is right across the street from the apartment and everyone else seems to like it enough.  I'd rather take the little hike up to Ellsworth or down Penn.  I'm trying to have a decent drink for less than $10 bucks and watch the hockey game. If you are not, maybe you'd like this place.  Really, if you like foo foo hip places, you would love this.  But honestly, it's way too much unless you're really hankering for a $8 sub par Manhattan or some "spiced nuts" or olive plate or whatever garbage from their menu.  Gimme a break.
4	There's a special place in my heart for The Livermore. Known for its deliciously creative libations and subdued atmosphere, The Livermore is a great spot for drinks whenever you get that "I need a drink" feeling. Located in the heart of Pittsburgh's East Liberty neighborhood, The Livermore attracts a diverse crowd, but generally millenials that don't mind spending $10+ on a crafted drink. The liquor selection is diverse and (for the most part) the bartenders are well versed in making anything your heart desires. Tell them a color and a scent and they'll often make you something that's pretty spot on. I'd feel better if I were able to give 3 1/2 stars because I've notice a huge shift (a negative shift) in the skills and professionalism of some new bartenders. Colin, a former bartender, and another or two have left and have been replaced by not so great individuals. Allie (blonde) remains and is super awesome, friendly and makes stellar drinks. Livermore, can you please clone Allie and lose some of the newbies? I'll continue to go here and take my out of town guests, but I really hope some of the bartenders improve their professionalism behind the counter.
4	Cool space and cocktails fit for prohibition.
4	I don't really frequent this neighborhood, but as we left casa rasta, this establishment caught my eye.   We stopped in for a drink just to check it out. The ambience was trendy but very laid back.  I just had an Italian beer and my friend had a cider, both were good. We didn't get a chance to try the food, but the service was great. Giuseppe was very knowledgeable about the drinks and even though we just had beers, he clearly knew how to make a good cocktail. He is also very good at engaging his customers. I definitely will be coming back to try a cocktail and some food. I can see myself becoming a regular here!
5	Easily my favorite place for drinks in Pittsburgh. The bartenders are some of the friendliest and most lively people that you will ever get to converse with at a bar. Also, if you don't see anything you don't care to get, or want to create your own cocktail, the bartenders are very available and attentive. Great place.
4	Love the atmosphere in a renovated older building with stained glass windows and mosaic tile floors and wooden furniture, which feels like a traditional cocktail bar. It definitely has a hipster feel to it, and most of the servers and bartenders give off that vibe.  I've enjoyed all the cocktails they've had here, which include some more traditional as well as some more modern spins on things. They do have a few snack options but it is quite limited.  What I've tried has been good but they are just super small snack size portions.  I hope they end up expanding their menu a bit.  Originally I heard people rave about the deviled eggs but they don't seem to offer them anymore and I never got to try them.  They seem to be working on an expansion in the back room so maybe they have some bigger plans.  The service has always been friendly and efficient and this place has a nice low key vibe to it.
5	Continues to impress! Great atmosphere. Unique drinks and the bartenders are great at helping you find a drink to your taste, which is especially helpful for someone like me who doesn't particularly like the taste of liquor. Food is tasty as well. The panini and anchovies on toast are items you don't see many places.
