4	I will be back! That being said here are the Pros and Cons. Pros:The croquettes are awesome, they come with a Cilantro dipping sauce that was wonderful. We shared the flat iron steak with Onions, and a side dish of black beans and rice. The food tasted good, the steak was cooked very well. When we walked in it felt as though we had arrived at a friends house who we hadn't seen for a long time. The experience was wonderful. Cons: The steak and bean dishes both needed salt. The steak while well cooked could have used a nice char. It had the texture of a steamed steak with little carmalization. I will be back if for nothing more than the croquettes. I cant wait to try more of the dishes.
5	WOW!  We have been there at least a dozen times since the opened and tried almost everything.  The Flounder is to die for as is the chicken.  The tomato and avocado salad with onions is so good that I sometimes have it for dinner.  Everything is cooked properly and has delicate flavors that are a treat to your taste buds.
4	Suprisingly, the fish was good! I love the white rice, so yummy! I like to go back to try other menus.
4	I don't know what Cuban food is supposed to taste like, so, for authenticity I'm at a loss. However, I do know what good food tastes like and this food is good. I had the Vaca Frita which is a shredded beef dish served with rice and beans (separate or mixed together, I like it together) and a fried plantain. The steak was tender and flavorful. The rice was awesome! I try and stay away from carbs as much as I can so I hated myself for eating every last grain and bean. There is something in there that I can't put my finger on that makes it ridiculous! The plantain was delectable as well.Not open on Sundays? FAIL
4	I stopped in to get take out on my way home one afternoon after noticing they had opened. The employees were all very friendly and i liked the fact that the kitchen is open so you can watch how they prepare the food. Everything is made fresh daily. I ended up trying the vaca frita (the shredded tri tip) and though I have never had Cuban food before so I have nothing to compare it too, I thought it was very good. I know my husband and kids will like it when I go back with them next time.
4	Having never had Cuban cuisine, I have nothing to compare this to but I really liked everything we had here. My hubby and I decided to go after having a case of the fast-food blahs and after having read the positive reviews and feedback. We started with the croquetas and papas rellenas which were both really good and the dipping sauce is amazing. He had the arroz con pollo which satisfied his hunger and he thought was delicious. I had the guava pork sandwich and it was to die for. When we ordered I hadn't noticed the desserts on the menu so when we went to pay and picked up a paper menu, I ordered a strawberry flan to go and it was just perfect. We will definitely be back! Thank you for the new food experience!
5	Love the specials. Very personal place.
5	Great Cuban food Great service This is what this town needed
4	Very good and authentic cuban food and an excellent find...by way of the rave reviews found on Yelp :-) I had their chicken salad which didn't come with greens but was pleasantly surprised how wonderfully savory the nicely-seasoned tomatoes and chicken paired with their smooth, light white wine. The others very much enjoyed the Fricase de Puerco with tender chunks of pork and potatoes in a tomato-based sauce. And their dishes with flounder were exceptional. We'll be back...thank you for the stellar service and great food :-)
3	Tonight's dinner was quite the trek, all the way to Casa Grande's Feli's Cuban Kitchen  for a birthday dinner.  It was a decent choice, and for Casa Grande, very good.The food was all very flavorful.  We had the Ropa Vieja and the Pechuga chicken.  Both dishes were seasoned well, and tasted good.  The beef was moist and the tomato wine sauce was rich and a great compliment to the beef.  The chicken was also moist and well seasoned.  While it tasted fine, I wish it came with maybe peppers on top to go with the chopped onions because it became a little monotonous to eat after a few bites.  The rice and beans on the side were nothing special.  Each dish came with two fried plantains, which were sweet and soft on the inside, and fried very well on the outside.The service was ok, but weird.  The woman was friendly.  However, she messed up our order.  She insisted that she didn't.  Then, she insisted that what she brought to us in mistake was actually better than we wanted so we should keep it.  Then she went back to insisting that's what we ordered anyway.  The appetizer was more expensive than the one we wanted, there was no effort at all made to rectify the order mess up, and we were pretty much forced to eat what we didn't order (and pay for it).  But she was nice about it, annoyingly so.  I didn't want to argue at a birthday dinner, so I let it go, but she definitely lost some of her tip because of this.  She also tried to convince us into ordering dessert about three times, and she went on and on about it.  It was uncomfortable.  Otherwise, she was on top of the refills mostly.The atmosphere is boring.  There's nothing in there that says "Cuban" to me besides the obnoxiously loud music playing.  The restaurant itself was very clean, including the bathrooms.I would go back to Feli's again, but probably for lunch to try the sandwiches.
5	Best Cuban food in Arizona! Trust me I'm Cuban.
5	Best restaurant in Casa Grande. Period!!!
5	Awesome food and great service. Nice family atmosphere. 5 stars for sure :)I had the Ropa Veija and it was really good!  I notice that they recently added some really yummy deserts to the menu as well!This is my first Cuban Restraunt that I have had and I really like it.  I have been a few times and the food and level of customer service is really high.
5	Great food and great staff make this place a real contender for top pick in Casa Grande. I really enjoyed the environment and quality of food. Check these guys out!!
4	A friend suggested we eat here for lunch. She's from Casa Grande and there didn't appear to be a lot of choices down there, beyond chain restaurants, so I trusted and off we went. I like Cuban food and Feli's seemed like a family & locally owned eating establishment, so I was anxious to see what Arizona could do with Cuban food.I absolutely enjoyed every morsel of my lunch salad that I could stuff in - it was so big I had to take some of it home with me!  And it was great for dinner later that night.  Everything on the menu looked as if it should be on a plate in front of me . . . . when a menu is so appetizing I have always wanted to be one of those folks who orders one of everything, sit at a large round table and take a bite or two of each dish. As long as my friends are willing to share and my bank account holds out . . . this is the place I'd like to do that in. The choices were just so amazing sounding to have to limit yourself to just one. The service was good, not spectacular, but good. There appeared to only be one server and the place was full at noon. Seating was at a premium.  There was a big empty space in the middle that could have accommodated a couple of large round tables and leave the sides for small intimate tables for two or four.  The chef / owner (?) came over when we were well into our meal and chatted about the new salad and the bread choice for the sandwich my friend was quickly devouring. His comments gave me a feeling of a smart business owner - listen to your customers. Will I go back?  You bet! The next time I'm in Casa Grande . . . . or I might just make a trip down there just to eat at Feli's Cuban Kitchen.  Perhaps for dinner next time?  Hey, Karen, want to go to Casa Grande?
4	We finally tried Casa Grande's only Cuban restaurant.  Overall, it was really great.  The food was fresh and really tasted homemade!  The service was good - very friendly.  I would choose this place over the chain restaurants any day of the week.  We'll be back!  I wish Casa Grande had more places like this!
2	I am very disappointed that more cuban dishes are not offered.  I can never get a cuban sandwich, either it's too late or it's not served on that specific day.  They do not offer the cafe con leche, which is notorious in cuban restaurants.  When I asked for the cafe con leche the waitress offered to bring me some coffe and milk to make my own.  Lady, there is a reason why I went to the restaurant in the first place.  The mojitos were not good.  But since this is Casa Grande and that is the only cuban restaurant, what choice does one have besides to travel to Scottsdale or Chandler.  Other than bad service-the cook does a fine job on the few dishes that are offered.
5	The food is truly delicious and the service is great also.  A fantastic new restaurant in Casa Grande.
5	OMG!! Finally!! An authentic Cuban restaurant! You would think you were in the heart of Little Havana in Miami!! Living in the Phoenix/Ahwatukee area, my husband who is Cuban, and I found the 40 minute trip to Casa Grande very worthwhile. We were welcomed with smiling faces by the staff and owner/chef , and were impressed by the modest ambiance and cleanliness of the establishment.  The menu favored all the comfort foods introduced to me by my husband's relatives. The warm fragrances of saffron, oregano, garlic permeated as our dishes came to our table. Generous portions, reasonably priced. If you are Cuban or have never been introduced to Cuban food you MUST visit Feli's Cuban Kitchen. See you there!
5	Feli's is good fresh food.  The chef doesn't use anything that comes out of a can and makes all the food fresh every day. If you haven't tried Cuban- do so immediately. This is comfort food at its best. I love the vaca frita (fried roast beef) and the lomo asado (pork loin). Nothing spicy, just savory goodness.
4	Great LOCAL food in an area awash with average mediocre chain restaurants.* Ambiance - while in a strip mall, they attempted to dress it up with simple black & red fabrics and colors* Service - very homey, helpful and pleasant.  Met the owner and had a great conversation with him.* Cocktails - basic, but very good & reasonably priced - Mojito: good balance of fresh mint, sugar & rum - $6.5  - Cuban Daiquiri: Served in martini glass.  A bit tart, but refreshing - $6* Food - Great home-cooked flavors: - Chicken & Rice served in a large bowl with wonderful saffron spice - Pan Fried Chicken that was tender & flavorful.  - Vaca Frita: great shredded beef & onions - Garlic Flounder was tender and tasty - Plantains were great tooWe'll definitely be coming back and encourage others to try it out too!
5	To say the food is delicious is to say the Mona Lisa is a pretty painting..an understatement! Every time we go in they seem to elevate the food and drinks. My steak was cooked to perfection! It was so tender and the herb sauce outstanding. The Cuban daiquiri only seemed to enhance the flavor.  My husband had the pineapple mango fish that would make a fish lover out of the staunchest fish evader. The flavors were light and amazing. Only complaint was service. Hire a veteran server to teach the young. Staff . They will need to as I only see more patrons coming their way!
4	A surprise find in otherwise depressing Casa Grande. Second time eating here. Good cubano sandwich, not the best, but good. Had their Ropa Vieja dish the last time which was great.
5	Very  good food and great service!
4	I've traveled the world refining my palate for Cuban ropa vieja (shredded beef in savory wine sauce), and use this dish as a basis for comparison to find good Cuban food - like pad thai at Thai or palak paneer for Indian. I digress...The ropa vieja at Feli's holds up - delicious, stewy, with the right amount of tang, to make your tastebuds sing like Ricky Ricardo. The food here, in all seriousness, was delightful. The ambience was lacking - didn't feel at all authentically Cuban, but the service was great, and the food is what you go for. Feli's is the only Cuban joint within 100 miles, and it represents well.
5	So, we have a picky daughter... it's always a challenge to find food for her when we go out. Chef at Feli's was gracious, and wonderful when he came out to talk to Kait, and figure out what to make for her. He was kind and persuasive, and promised whatever he made for her, she would like. She did eat her dinner, and did it with little to no coaxing. The food was really good, we've been missing good food since leaving Portland, and would make the trip up here to Feli's again in a heartbeat. What made our experience was the care that the staff and Chef took in addressing us, and working with us. Thank you, and we'll see you again soon.
5	As a family with four young children we are hesitant to try new places, but we are so glad we did.  The kids tried all three of the kids plates and loved them all (so did I).  My husband and I each tried a different type of fish and it was delicious.  The staff and especially our waitress were great.  My only complaint would be that they only had one high chair, but they had a booster seat which worked fine for us..
5	What a wonderful, wonderful place! I must confess when I ate there for the first time, I had absolutely no idea what Cuban food even was. BIG TIME FLAVORS in their dishes together with the prompt service of the wait staff & the warm friendly personality of the owner Pedro, makes this one of the best places to eat in Casa Grande. I can't wait until they reopen at their new location!
5	Cuban food as I have eaten for 40 years!!!I discovered Cuban in the  late 60's from a Cuban Sandwich place in Chicago. Have done Cuban over the years in Miami. Th ropas was great, the picadillo was great and the Perchuga de pollowas the best I ever had. ( we pass our plates  Chinese restaurant style).I just can't say enough about this place. Worth the drive from PHoenix.
