1	I'm probably never going back to this home depot again. Stay away from their paint department. the lady that works the paint department was rude and didn't acknowledge that we were there. We stood there for 15 minutes and she looked at us several times, and didnt say "I'll be right with you" or ANYTHING at all! she talked to her friend the entire time we stood there and tried to get her attention. When we finally did, she had the biggest attitude as if we were some sort of inconvenience. After she mixed our paint, I asked her a question, she looked right at me, rolled her eyes and walked away. We've never been treated so poorly, and i've never complained to a manager before... but with that attitude, we felt the need to. Talk about some crappy customer service! This place is a no-go!
4	I love coming here to get ideas and look at all the fun home decor. I do wish that they offered a military discount other than Memorial Day.
4	Very good selection of just about anything you could want to improve your home at a low cost and a decent selection of potted plants. This store is always clean and well-organized. My only complaint is that if I need help it seems there is never anyone around to help, so I usually have to go up front to get someone called, but when I am able to track someone down they are always very polite, knowledgeable and helpful.
4	I come to this location a few times a month for work supplies. The store is well laid out and is clean. There is usually someone within reach to ask questions.They carry the brand of paint I love "Behr". They have a section just for Disney colors (my fav) and the workers in this department are always helpful.In the garden section you will find a variety of plants. During veggie garden season they carry "Bonnie" plants which do very well here in the desert. I have had a couple not do so well and they exchanged them no problem.The lumber area smells like heaven! We are always buying lumber for one of our many projects. They have different sizes of carts/flatbeds for hauling your material up to the check out.The self check out lanes are nifty when I just have a few things. The cashiers are friendly and helpful.If you are in need of tool rental they have good prices. You do have to wash/clean anything rented before getting any deposit back. I have never had issues when returning tools before. I rented a paint sprayer and garden tiller and they were very helpful.Should it be remodeling your bathroom, house, planting a garden, wanting to rid of pesky bugs, build a doghouse, paint a room or any other project this is your place!
1	I purchased a garbage disposal and a kitchen faucet at the same time, 12/14/12, and to have them installed ($600.00 total).  The disposal was in stock and the faucet was ordered.  Anyone with a half an ounce of brains would have waited for the faucet to come in, approx. 4 days, and install them both at the same time.  But not Home Depot!  Home Depot could careless of the inconvenience this would cause to the customer and scheduled them separately!With a combination of the lack of assistance in the store (as if it was an inconvenience to assist me) to the installation debacle and NO FOLLOW UP of the installation; I will not be a returning customer.  I have used Lowes services for installation as well and will continue to use Lowes.
3	Dropped by to get a new pair of gloves and I have to say if you wear a large (I don't :( ) you can get 3 pair for less than $10. I had to buy 1 pair for $10
1	If I could give zero I would . We purchased an air conditioning unit for our shop and came to pick it up in the store. Well the "customer service" desk employee, Nestor  wasn't about his job title. He was very rude and quick to cut me off. We paid good money for merchandise in their store. You think they'd at least have some class and speak to us with some respect. I think I'll avoid picking anything from here again.
