5	If you love non-cookie cutter jewelery, this is the place for you.  This is German jewelery at its finest.  We bought our wedding bands from a German jeweler, but we happened to choose one of the boutiques from California.  Unfortunately, since the European/American sizing isn't an exact science, my ring came back too small and it was only a few weeks before the wedding.  California claimed that they would have to send the ring back to Germany and have them take care of it, which would've taken too long.  We happened to find Duo listed as one of the stores to carry this brand (Niessing).  They took care of it immediately.  Hell, they didn't even charge us up front (we didn't end up paying for it until about 7 months later!).  We finally got to visit them in person over the holiday break last year.  Phenomenal service.  The owners were there and were so incredibly helpful.  They let us try on every single ring to our heart's content and we ended up getting a one of a kind ring specially made for my husband in Germany.  I got another fun ring called the Abacus (won the Minimalist Design award at the World's Fair!).  I cannot stop gushing about them months later.  For Valentine's Day, my husband got me a necklace from Duo and I always get compliments.  Their stuff is not froo-froo, so if you're looking for a lot of engraving, this is not the place.  If you want something that'll stop people in their tracks, go visit them.
4	Have to agree with Cory O's review. Love this place...my wedding ring came back a little to large- but the girl sizing me warned me about maybe ordering a size smaller- but in case my hands swell- i didn't want to get stuck!I've turned so many people onto this place, I hope they appreciate the business. The owner "udo" is a little weird and snobby- but his staff is cool. You can get a great ring there for about $250, my fiance's wedding ring was only $400, which made buying me- ahem- slightly more expensive ring fun. And you know what? we love both rings the same....visit the website http://www.duoconcepts.net/
5	Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow.  What a great find!  Next husband I have, is getting a wedding band from this store.  Very manly looking designs, beautiful, handsome, high quality.  I'd be very proud to have a band from here on my next dude's finger.  Stop by if you can.  Tucked into the inner depths of Fashion Square Mall.  Be sure to take a map and water and a flare gun.
