4	Watching John Palladin transform a young lad into a young Klingon boy. He's providing tips to those who use adhesives in their costuming. So far the only cool thing I've seen is a cool original tv series phaser. The only thing I'd like to see is a map in the program booklet.
5	OMG! Best day ever!!!!! Quick tip: when paying for a photo with a celebrity keep in mind, you can have 2 people per ticket, so you can do halfsies with a friend!
5	Man, this convention is funner than watching a Klingon knick himself with his Bat'Leth battle sword!  For a Star Trek gathering in Las Vegas, this convention is U.S.S. Enterprise huge!Was always intending to come to this convention since it's right at home, and present and past intermingling with fans!  Great gathering of nerds and geeks alike!  I got star-struck by folks like LeVar Burton, Marina Sirtis, Brent Spiner, and Jonathan Frakes!  No Picard though this round :-(.  For a nominal fee you could get a pic and auto from each of them!  And these folks were friendly as ever.  Just passing by there were no divas in the house.  Hell, even the original SHAFT, Richard Roundtree was there! *Shut yo' mouth'Lots of convention space and a number of dealers to get your Star Trek swag!  No joke, I bought no Star Trek swag, but scored big time with some Star WARS memorabilia I've been wanting for years.  And paid a pittance for them.  Ha Ha!  It was fun to roam around the hall and see what everyone was offering.  I've been meaning to get to this convention, thanks to Groupon I finally answered the calling!  Only a mere $10 to get in!  Wasn't all that bad considering it's held at the Rio Hotel & Casino every year, fun place to play, see some ladies in teeny bikinis!  Only this trip it was people in Star Trek cosplay, and a lot of folks wearing red shirts.  If you don't know Star Trek, a red shirt in an episode meant you were marked for death!  Later, sucka!Not the biggest convention I've been to (thanks to San Diego Comic Con) but definitely one of the funnest.  Trekkies and Trekkers (YES there is a difference) abounding everywhere!  After all the passerbys and the requited "Live long and prosper' hand signal stuff, I was inside the inner sanctum!  It was cool just walking the convention floor and seeing all the amazing stuff I would probably never be able to afford.  Show-used prop phaser, anyone?But this convention is about bringing Star Trek to the fans!  And there was a lot of seminars and shows abound.  The highlight of the day for me was witnessing THE SHAT William Shatner and Kate Mulgrew together!  Both Captain Kirk and Captain Janeway on one stage!  It was a great interview between the two, and they kept folks engaged by letting people in the entire hall audience ask any Star Trek related question they wanted.  Really great, great conversation.  I scored some great swag, learned some new things, and had a ton of nerd fun.  I will be back again, Star Trek Convention!  To boldly go where middle-age, balding men have gone before...
