4	I've only been once. The place is a dive I would gut, strip and rebuild from scratch. The service is... well there is no service. I had to pick the dingy old crappy ridiculously aged menus from the sticky counter of the bar and each time the wait staff came over, like bewildered Asperger patients, never making eye contact and never standing in place more than 10 seconds. But when you get "The Special" of the day, you get your money's worth. 11$ for a soup - which I think came out of a can - but tasted really good anyway and also a small desert which was made on site. The main was Portuguese chicken. Perfectly seasoned and perfectly cooked chicken, the kind you wish you could get from your local take-out. Stacked with a side of really good French fries I'd love to make poutine with and some salad which wasn't half-bad, I mean it's salad... If you can get past the shitty decor and the black hole of suck service, you can have sublime wood fire roasted chicken (half the bird in on your plate), soup, desert for 11$.
3	There are a lot of Portugese rotisseries out there in Montreal. This one is OK. I read this is a family-run restaurant (although I did not check on that). This could explain why two of the staff members were very nice, but the other waiter was not very nice and is the main reason why I'm not that excited about the place. We had a 19-month baby with us and we asked for a baby seat, which we got -- but how come he did not offer it to us in the first place? Portions are quite generous. If you take the chicken, you get half a chicken in your plate--so you might as well ask to split it in two plates if you want to share with another person. One positive point is that they would split it for you so you don't have to worry about doing it yourself at the table. Otherwise, you can bring the leftovers at home; just ask for a box. I agree that the grilled calamari were tasty, and the house red wine was totally acceptable as well. I would not mind going back, but my first choice would be to try another place.
4	Never mind the black plastic bags in the window next door. The place is open and warm inside! Very good simple food. The calamary are fresh and very well cooked. Hard to beat! The grilled meats are tasty and again perfectly cooked. Price is cheap. Service kind, but a bit slow. Very nice little place out of the traffic...
2	There are always a good few tells about the authenticity of a restaurant, before you even get your food. In the case of Portuguese grills, there are a few classic ones that are a must: An old tile look and smell (preferably red or brown), telling you it's been washed quickly with a dirty mop 3 times in the same day. The paper table-mat that says "Welcome" on it, but incidentally is put face down to give you a sense of originality; Which also serves to fix the required toppling tables. Add the welcome black olives, Portuguese bread with little cups of butter and you're in business. The other tell is the waiter; who usually shows up in a hurry, with the necessary glasses of water, the bread, olives, two menus and a confused/worried look on his face. Throws everything at you and tells you he'll be back in 5 minutes to take your order. Which he does. In a hurry.Good start. This is a Portuguese restaurant alright! The Order: Grilled Chicken, spicy. The classic. Hey! It's my first time at this joint! I gotta try out the classic right? If they can't do that well, I'm not gonna bother with the sardines and the chops. Service was quick and efficient for the food(15ish minutes), plates are as you would expect, half a chicken, salad and fries. The Chicken was moist and hot, no reheats (yay). However, wasn't marinated with that secret Portuguese magic, so tasted blend (just like regular, uncured chicken). The spicy side was perfect however, not too much, not too little. Fries are ok. Not bad and soggy, but not good and crispy either. Reminds me of the fries you get at LaBelleProvince or LaBanquise (people in Montreal will get this). Salad, again good portion, but didn't have that secret Portuguese vinaigrette which is so mysterious and delicious at the same time. We were only allowed one glass of water; that is to say, the waiter didn't bother coming back to the table once after our food arrived. I would've liked to order a Flan (dessert), but I guess that wasn't to be. The room is very noisy, more than usual, as the tiles and low ceilings and mirrors don't really help to damper the sounds. Overall, ok experience. Cheers,
4	Very homey feeling, place is quite restricted as there is an enormous amount of ppl at all times. Ambiance is traditional, very old fashion like and very busy / noisy. Reservations are recommended, larger group than 6 can have a hard time as there is space limitations. Servers are very polite, greet you almost instantly even if they cannot provide you a seat right away... They still acknowledge your presence. We didn't have reservations and I was in crutches, they were kind enough to seat us close to an open area so I can easily be seated. Water, bread and olives to start with. Ordered their famous charcoal grilled chicken, served with a healthy salad and delicious fries. Very nice portion. Chicken well seasoned, with a slight nicely smoked taste to it! I would recommend catching them on their less busy night so you can have time to enjoy this delicious meals! I over heard that waiting lines on weekends are ridiculous even with reservations!
