5	I can't say thank you enough to Anton Sport and the team there!! Thank you to Becky and to the designer and everyone else who helped me with my tshirts, logo design, speedy service and all round professionalism.  I recommend you to everyone and look forward to giving you my business in the future!!! thank you so much! Sincerely,Connie ButeraLA, CA
5	30 days until 50th and had this gift idea for kids.Thanks to Sarah at Anton we are getting a great lasting gift.Also their design for our 2 year old grand daughter is fantastic.And to top this we interacted with Sarah via the internet.As you can guess this is from and old far* who says these people rock.
5	T-shirts: I've had them design and print shirts for me.  Their artist was great. He really came up with a fantastic design and the shirts have held up really well after multiple washes.  Embroidery: We already had our logo for embroidery, so they just had to get it onto the hats and clothing.  We sometimes change the colors of parts of our logo (depending on what color the shirt is) and they always keep it all straight.  They helped us make the embroidery the right size so it would look good on the polos (we were going to go too small and after seeing it all done, they were totally right....they look perfect.)We are very happy with all the orders we've had done here.
5	I have placed 20+ orders through Anton Sport for club shirts and other items and they have always surpassed our expectations. Always pleasant to work with, timely and professional. The product always turns out great!I recently had a misunderstanding where we missed a few e-mails seeking approval for a shirt design from them, we needed the shirts for a meeting THAT NIGHT and it was 2PM! We approved the shirt design and they had them done by 5! Absolutely incredible customer service, I'll be switching all of my printing needs over to Anton Sport.
5	I would have shopped at Simply Uniforms that is much closer to where our kids go to school and where we have shopped at in the past, but they were not opened on the last Saturday of August.My son had four Youth XL polos and I told him to wear his sister's (they are unisex) old polos, which were Adult Mediums.  They really didn't look overly big on him, but he wasn't wearing them, so I finally caved in and decided to get him one more polo so I only had to do laundry once for their uniforms.  Especially when it's hot, I don't want him rewearing any polos.Anton was giving 10% discounts for our kids' school through the end of August and this was the 30th.  I talked to them over the phone, which they were nice, but asked me to place the order online for in person pickup.Thankfully my husband's job is nearby, otherwise this is a 25+ mile for us to go to.  Anyway, Heidi said the there would be an area to place the discount online (there isn't that I could tell) and I ended up paying full price.  I called Heidi and she said she would give me the 10% back however I wanted.  I said wait until we come into the store.The next Friday, my husband went to the store (he said trees were blocking the view of the store's sign, so he missed it) and picked up the polo and Heidi refunded the 10% back onto our card.  This was overall easy.I'm glad they were opened on Saturday and we could take advantage of the discounts.  Their prices are just slightly less than Simply Uniform, so next time, when one of the kids needs additional clothes, we'll consider this as another place we can get their school clothing.Thank you, Heidi, for working on this with us and making it easy.
