5	I love the Gaslight inn!  When I lived in Glendale, I would come here for coffee, tea, lunch, wine, and jazz.  No matter what time of the day, there is a good reason to stop in to this Old Town Glendale gem.
1	Sorry, this business closed over a year ago...http://www.glendalestar.com/news/article_54e6fa3e-0ff8-597b-aa7d-3b37eb3d16fe.html
5	wow. i can't believe this place closed up shop.  i wish there were more places like this in this town
5	Same owners as Old Towne Glendale Wine and Beer Bar.  I will be reserving the entire B&B for the night of our wedding, and I can not wait!  Everyone here is so nice, and the remodel is amazing.  Every room of this 10 Room B&B is fantastically furnished with antiques, and has their own restroom.  The building itself if magnificent.  I really think these guys are going to capture a great audience!
4	Overall, 5 stars for the building and rooms (at least the Honeymoon Suite)4 stars for the running of the businessWife and I stayed here for a Honeymoon getaway weekend / Spring Training trip (her idea to go to spring training - yes, one of the reasons I married her:-)We reserved the Honeymoon Suite - simple enough to book and the owners allowed us to stay only one night instead of the two-night minimum stated on the website (thank you!!). The room was GORGEOUS!! Take a look at the pictures on the website - they definitely capture the beauty. The building and room are in great shape for being a century old. Beautifully restored and looked after. However, there were some oddities in our room. Along with amazing furniture, fixtures, hardwood floor, you'll also find very generic toilets, mirrors, appliances and kitchen cabinets. Those surely didn't detract from the overall flair of the room, just found it a bit odd.We came in after business hours and via signage made our way to the attached bar to find Chad(?). He took time out from his customers at the bar to get our paperwork completed, show us around the room and to the surprise of my new wife, prepared a nice bottle of bubbly and two flutes in the room for us (this was worked out in advance, doesn't come with the Honeymoon Suite).We thoroughly enjoyed the room and the rest of the Inn that evening - spent a little time on the yet-to-be-finished 2nd floor deck, in the bar and perusing the artwork on display in the lobby and side-room.Our biggest beef with the stay was with breakfast in the morning. I believe breakfast is served from 8-10. We came downstairs around 9:20, looking forward to feasting on the smells that had been coming up from the kitchen since early in the morning. Unfortunately, there was very limited options for us. I guess we got there too late. No more eggs, not much fresh fruit and only pork products available in the heating trays. It's not their fault we don't eat pork, but it would be great to have some alternative protein options for those that don't eat pork. The very nice gentleman working the breakfast buffet (Scott?) graciously made us a yogurt power breakfast and I toasted the last plain bagel to round out a decent meal.The overnight 'management' made a big mistake on my credit card bill because of the champagne and hopefully that has been corrected, but I still have to double-check that.Overall, you can tell that the new ownership (since Nov 2011) is still getting things in place. The guys on the front line are terrific, make sure you keep them and make them happy. If this place is to succeed, you will need strong people to manage and run it.
5	We just had the best time at the Gas Light Inn... we spent two very restful nights in our "Presidential Suite"; ate more than enough at breakfast, and were happy to be among the first to enjoy the OTG patio!  The staff were very friendly- and our hosts were just the best- making sure all details for a guest's stay were taken care of.  We truly enjoyed the historic neighborhood and also other sites in Phoenix- while taking in a Padres game (which is why we came in the first place).  Location is GREAT and we highly recommend you make plans to stay at the Gas Light Inn.  We'll be back as we want to enjoy the live entertainment as well as continue to see the enhancements of the Inn that are being planned.  Thanks again to Teresa and Pete- your Bonita guests- Tom and Linda
1	CLOSED AGAIN!  Drove all the way out there to see Delphine Cortez who was supposed to perform tonight only to find the place dark and shuttered!  At least have the courtesty to pull down your website!
4	The Gaslight is NOT closed, been open for awhile but now they have a full bar, not just beer and wine.Enjoyed the evening sitting outside watching and listening to Haus Murphy's Oktoberfest next door, and no cover charge!Great wine and beer selection, and got a brat to enjoy the polka music.
5	Great place to stay when visiting relatives!  Rather than stay with my sister while visiting last week,  I decided to stay the 3 nights somewhere close to her and  this was the closest  and very reasonable.  It is in  Old Towne Glendale near shops, antiques, great food, and the Inn  was perfect and created a wonderful experience for my visit - not something I expected.  A few items specifically: extremely reasonable rates, which includes a full breakfast; very clean and well maintained; excellent service by the staff; Teresa, one of the owners was extremely hospitable; the bed and pillows were very comfortable and good quality (important to me!); the breakfast was made to order with 3 selections to choose from each morning; next door is the OTG Wine Bar (owned by the same), which was great to stop in and enjoy a glass of wine after visiting the family and before turning in.I was traveling alone and felt very safe (the inn-keeper is on premises all night).  I had a delightful visit - saw family during the day, and had some privacy and explored the area in the mornings and evenings.I'd recommend this Inn highly if you want a unique experience.  I tire of sterile (and far more expensive), chain hotels and really enjoyed the individual personality of the Gas Light Inn.   I stayed downstairs in one of the lesser expensive rooms, but after Teresa showed me the upstairs suites and rooms, I would absolutely opt for upstairs and a little more money (not a lot though) next time.  The downstairs back room I stayed in (The Gala) was well furnished (all  rooms with antiques), and was quiet on the alley, but because of being on the alley don't really have a window (a glass block windoes does create some light but maintains privacy).  The upstairs rooms had windows, were more spacious and beautifully furnished.  Frequently website pictures look better than the real thing - I actually found the reverse here.  I think the rooms (including mine), look better than the pictures portray.I'll absolutely be back here when I visit my sister again and could see it also as a great place to stay for Spring Training.
5	Our wedding was last weekend and what an amazing event.  Gas Light Inn made it perfect for our guests.  They all had a great night sleep with the top of the line bed, the gourmet breakfasts that come with the rooms and old town feel.  We were able to get some much needed time with all the family members that I have not seen in many years. They were so kind to be able to give us enough room to spread out and meet and greet everyone.  I will have to say the honeymoon suite was the best.  The room was GORGEOUS!! It was romantic, roomy and had a perfect view of Glendale glitters. Beautifully restored and looked after.  It has amazing furniture, fixtures, hardwood floor.  It also has His and Her toilets, mirrors, appliances and a kitchen. My husband and I plan to make it a tradition to come back every year.  Thank you for making this event so special to the us!  We found this place through our wedding planner and what a find.  We first saw it late in July one night.  We met Chad in the bar and he was so kind to give us a grand tour.  I fell in love right there.  I got chills because it was too perfect for words.  We got to see all rooms and hear the ghost story of room 111.  It had history and character and I knew my guest would love it too.
5	Great facility!  I have stayed here several times since they re-opened.  After numerous frustrating stays at chain-motels (that charge the same or more per night) I was so happy to find this quaint little boutique hotel.  The rooms are beautifully appointed, clean, and surprisingly quiet.  I love the old-town ambiance paired with brand new firm mattresses, plush pillows, large flat screen TV, and modern bathrooms.  I am so grateful for the gluten-free food options and personalized, special attention provided by the staff during every visit. It is also an enormous relief to have great espresso in Phoenix - right in the lobby!  And, the wine bar features a broad selection of great wines.
5	We recently stayed at the Gaslight Inn for a High Tea Bridal Shower that my mom and I hosted. The High Tea event that the Inn organized was the perfect bridal shower. The food and beverages were excellent and the woman who organized the tea knew what she was doing. I don't have a single complaint about it. If you are hosting an event like a bridal shower, look into this place. We also stayed at the Inn while in Glendale area, and the rooms were very comfortable, nice looking, and reasonably priced. The owner of the Gaslight Inn, Teresa, is great to work with and very friendly. I will definitely be back!
5	Fantastic place to stay while in Phoenix area.  Surprisingly elegant accommodations coupled with friendly, hospitable service.  Conveniently located in the center of Glendale and also handy for all of Phoenix.   Great amenities:  breakfast, wifi, and personal assistance with info on sites and restaurants.  Simply outstanding!
5	Great inn! My friends wedding party filled all 10 rooms, service is awesome, beds are super comfy and real thick bath towels. Their little wine bar is amazing, and their breakfast is homemade goodness.
5	We LOVED our stay at Gas Light Inn. The beds are SO comfy, really nice clean rooms, nice furniture, and TVs too. Upon walking in we were greeted by the very friendly owners who made us feel right at home. We relaxed in their awesome little wine bar over a nice glass of vino (the owners know their stuff on wine) and enjoyed the live entertainment. We enjoyed our homemade yummy breakfast in the outdoor patio. This is a beautiful place to come and relax and have some drinks. Awesome service and food, highly recommend it. I hope to go back soon :) Thanks again for an awesome stay Gas Light Inn!
3	I had lunch here with a group of friends recently. The rooms at the inn are charming and worth taking the tour. The food was . . . ok . . . good enough to go again if I'm in the area, but not a place I'll make a special trip to Glendale for. I had the barbecue pork sandwich which was good. My friend had the quesadilla and it looked delicious. I was disappointed when my sandwich came with chips - and it was a bag of potato chips you can get at the store.
1	Went there during a festival in downtown Glendale. There were only a handful of tables with patrons between at least two servers, but my gf and I sat at our table and were passed by multiple times without being acknowledged. After waiting nearly fifteen minutes without so much as a drink order, we left and went to a pizza place across the street.
5	We stayed at the GL for over three weeks due to a family emergency.  We were treated like family by everyone who worked there, especially the owner, Teresa.  The bedding is 5 star and the hot breakfasts are gourmet and  healthy and filling.  We were shown much care and kindness for the duration of our stay.Place is very clean and very hospitable.  We will return in May of this year, for a happier reason.
5	I Love this place it is the best place I have stayed in Phoenix. I have stayed in a bunch of places this by far is the Best!!! My Thanks to the staff for their warm inviting hospitality  it makes for even a better stay. Beautiful all around. OMG the breakfast is amazing and the Bacon is truly perfection pretty much like the entirety of this INN!!!
5	Welcome back Gas Light Inn, I had the Roasted Chicken & Pesto Panino and the Crumble Cake Sundae and it was fabulous, kudos to you and your team I can't wait to try everything on the menu .
5	My wife and I ate here recently, on the 2nd day of it's reopening. My wife had the Roasted Chicken & Pesto Panino and I went with the Bruschetta. Both selections were great. The Gas Light Inn is in my neighborhood so I plan on many future visits and recommend that others give it a try. Love this place!
5	I've had the absolute best stay at this bed and breakfast. The room was clean, the bed was very comfortable. I had nice fluffy towels. It was very quiet and peaceful. The staff was very welcoming and helpful. You get complimentary breakfast every morning and it was delicious. If you are looking for a nice quiet place to visit Please come to the Gaslight Inn. The owner Teresa is amazing. I really enjoyed my stay, I hate to give up the keys
5	We very much enjoyed our stay at the Gaslight Inn.  The rooms are amazingly big and very well appointed.  Breakfast was well done and you are right in the heart of downtown with amazing restaurants and fun shopping.  We will stay here again.
5	By far the most comfortable bed I have slept in in the last couple years. The food and the service was just spectacular. I booked this room for a work trip not realizing it was a bed and breakfast and it definitely turned my business trip in to a mini vacation.
5	My finace booked a room at the Gaslight this past weekend for my birthday.  I wasn't sure what to expect, but was pleasantly surprised by the great customer service, and the size of the rooms.The best part of the stay was the next morning though, as the breakfast was outstanding. Breakfast started out with a plate of scones that, while simple, were delicious. We both ordered the Benedict scramble as our main course.  You don't see that very often, but I was happy as I prefer my eggs scrambled rather than poached.  The eggs were cooked perfectly, the ham was great, and the English muffin light and fluffy.I highly recommend a stay here for anyone travelling to the Glendale area, or even locals like me looking for a nice place for a staycation.
5	Made me feel very welcomed. At check in a big kudos to Joseph! I really appreciate this little treasure. A great boutique hotel. This is my 3rd stay here. The staff are always very gracious and make every effort to accommodate guests. Thank you Hotel Gas Light Inn!!
4	The hotel is nice, service was really good, got free shuttle service to the Getty and Westwood village. For the price, the room is small, was expecting more, there was no bedspread or comforter on the bed. The ac/fan unit was loud even when I turned it off. We loved Scott, he was our shuttle guy, very nice and provided lots of information to us. Pool was closed for a private event, so weren't able to us it. But the seating by the outdoor fireplace was comfy.
4	I went with a group during Glendale Glitters and just wanted to grab a bite to eat. It was a little late and they didn't have a lot of things still available on the menu so we ordered a meat and cheese board for the table and it was phenomenal. So it definitely made up for the fact that there was barely anything we could order off the menu. I assumed it was because of the festival and all the customers they had throughout the night that a lot of the food just ran out. Our server Danielle was really sweet, there weren't many people in the restaurant when we came in and she seemed rushed but she definitely loosened up and was super nice and very patient with us. They closed at 10 and we didn't leave until around 10:45pm, and we were never rushed out or felt unwanted. It was a very pleasant experience with some yummy food.
5	Warm and caring staff. Clean. Fantastic mattresses. Lovely towels. Great location, especially for walkers. Great breakfast. Wonderful knowledge of AZ  conveyed at breakfast.
5	Great place to stay for business trips, friendly staff, good working area in the room, good location central to financial district, great bar with a lively scene, parking, and fantastic breakfast buffet.
5	The only complaint I have about this hotel is the lack of vegetarian options - not one vegetarian sandwich! Ok, we got that out of the way ...onto the good stuff.
