1	We checked this place out after a recommendation from a friend. To be honest, it was one of the worst Italian restaurants I have ever been to. Not bad because of the food, but a combination of the service, price and the food. The waiter hadn't a clue about anything, not even what type of beers they carried and had to keep on going up and down the stairs to ask his colleagues questions.  The bread was cold and the butter frozen (don't you just hate that!!) The pasta was hmm ok, a little bit on the kraft dinner side. Ambience is nice but the attitude and the food killed it for me.
4	Food is good. Great eating outside in summer. Been there at least 20 times, had only one so so experience.
3	If Macaroni Grill opened a restaurant in Montreal, it would probably be a lot like Pasta Andrea. Mix and match pastas, wine by the liter (or is it litre?) and really tacky artwork all make me feel like I'm back home in America. Like most generic Italian joints, some dishes are really good (calamari) and others not so much (the bruschetta).Credit to the waitress for being very patient with those of us who couldn't read french.If you live this close to Montreal, I'm sure you've got better options. If you're staying at a house just down Boulevard Saint-Joseph and want to stumble home after a few pitchers (yes, pitchers) of wine, this is your chance.
2	Being my first visit to any restaurant in Lachine this was my daughter's choice as it was close by to her new home.  We opted to sit inside as we did not want to be bothered by bugs outside - however many patrons seemed happy to sit in the sun.  This is a simple, casual spot for basic Italian food.  We were promptly seated at a nice table and offered a complimentary bruchetta on toast.  The house red wine was tasty and went well with our pasta dishes.  I ordered the manicotti which was pretty good but found the tomato sauce to be a bit runny.  The crusty rolls were tasty but the butter was frozen and not allowed to soften before serving.   Desserts were good.  Service throughout was attentive.  Also, the bathroom was nice and clean.  Pasta Andrea was o.k. and I will probably visit again if in the area but will try some other establishments first.
