5	Very organized mom and pop book store, with used and new books. They have a great trade in policy, are very friendly and helpful.
4	Stopped by this little bookstore on a rainy day, a good time for reading.  It is located in a strip mall just south of Fry's at 8989 E. Via Linda.  It is not large, but they have used all of the available space for books. They have an extensive collection of used paperbacks, and a few new books available for purchase.The owner is super friendly, and spent quite a bit of time showing me around, and making sure that I understood the exchange policy.  They have a large selection of used mystery, and general fiction books, quite a few romance novels.  Their science fiction/fantasy section is very small as is their western section,  but overall, they have more books than usual for a small book store.I am only giving it 4 stars for two reasons - first, the exchange policy is not the best I have run into in small paperback exchange stores, and because they had small selections in several of the genre most people are looking for.  However, I did buy several older titles I had not been able to find in other stores, so it was a very successful visit.Overall, a nice little store, and the service was great.
4	For those of you who look at our bios, you'll see I got hooked on W.E.B. Griffin's 10 volume series: "The Corps".  I started out buying the first book at B & N at full price. After finishing it, I knew i didn't wanted to pay full price for the rest of the series and the local library didn't have the complete set.  So i started going to The Book Tree. They are a very reasonable place to buy used books and they give you an opportunity to sell them back when you are finished. Given the relatively small size of the store, they have a great selection. I would recommend them to anyone and certainly would give them a try. They have been very friendly and extraordinary helpful in my quest to finish the series.
5	Very nice mom and pop local business. The owners are very sweet and helpful. They have a good trade-in policy. My kids love to trade-in their books here and The Book Tree is our essential stop before any long trip to stock up in reading material.
5	Very very nice family owned bookstore that allows you to trade in your books and buy other books for half price. The owners have also recommended many books/authors to my family over the years.I came in today still seeking a book that I have gone to numerous libraries looking for. I found a copy on the shelf that was much bigger than an ordinary paperback. I asked if they might have any additional copies. The owner was so nice and went in the back room not once but twice to find me the book and it's sequel. I was so thrilled to have found the books!I believe that almost every year they have a book clearance where they sell off many books for only $1. I won't be in town for it but if anyone is, I recommend checking it out!
5	Extremely helpful. I first went there when Book Master did an into the night fast move with many dollars of my credit.  Denice is wonderful and makes you feel right at home. Sometimes customer suggest new authors that makes this place the perfect companion to the big box stores.   She has ordered in book club publisher type copies to keep the costs down for groups.Don't pass up this gem.
2	just easy reading nothing special paperbacks only
