4	Food -  Their fried shrimps are delicious!  My colleagues loved the smell of the fried shrimp that they also ordered some.  I have tried their fried broccoli and they were okay, not much to rave about.  Their french fries on the other hand was actually scrumptious. Two of my colleagues ordered their Tilapia Salad, and were not thrilled. Service - Its your food truck, they take the time to make their food for you.  That being said, it takes a while, but at least they make them fresh, and not pre-made.  I prefer that way more so.  Price - A bit pricey.  So I pick and choose when I want to get my food by the building of my workplace.  Lunch with a side will cost you around $10.  THEY ACCEPT CREDIT CARDS!  Yes!  Those places that only takes cash, I am happy they got up to date with technology and got themselves a credit card machine.
4	Had Belly Backers for the first time at the Charlotte Summer Pops series. Brisket, and backer fries. Awesome food, by far the right choice of all the available food truck options. Would not hesitate to get it again, and will recommend it to anyone in earshot.
4	Belly Backers was parked at Laketoberfest, and the pork sandwich got my attention right away. They didn't offer the full menu for the event, and only had a small selection of sandwiches and wings. Despite the crowds they handled the time pretty well, and I was eating my food long after my wife was waiting for hers from a neighboring food truck that definitely didn't have the same rhythm going.I got the Charlotte Porky, which was a pulled pork sandwich on a brioche bun with a mango slaw. The pork was tender and smoky, and the sauce that accompanied it was pretty good. Not too sweet, yet not too vinegary and bitter. The bun was excellent, and not only tasted good but held the moist sandwich together perfectly...something that every BBQ sandwich dealer should consider. I also liked the mango slaw as it gave off a bit of sweetness, but I would have personally liked to see more mango.The sandwich came with an order of fries which were pretty good. The fries themselves were those battery-type ones like Burger King uses, so there was a bit more chew and crunch to them and still had a potato taste, not just a general fried food taste. They were coated with parm cheese which was awesome. Unfortunately they were equally coated with salt, and they were just a bit heavy-handed with the sodium there. The sandwich and fries came out to $8, which is a steal for lunch or dinner. A really good portion of tasty food at a great price means I wouldn't mind stopping by there truck next time I see them around.
