5	Simply Posh has the best stuff!! And - they are also wonderful to consign with, because they are fair with their rates! The owner, Nicole, is always friendly and warm. The boutique is so cute, too! But most importantly: the clothes, the handbags and the shoes are in fantastic condition for a consignment store. I've found things that are new!! If you like high-end brands, bargains and a more personal shopping experience... come to Simply Posh! This place is worth a trip no matter where in the Valley you live!! Definitely a 5-star business.
5	This store is the most wonderful consignment boutique I've ever been too.  They have amazing clothes for really good prices.  Selection varies, as the store is very small but what earns it the five stars is Nicole the owner who is extremely dedicated to her boutique and is so friendly and always fun to chat with.  She makes everyone feel like they've been good friends for a long time.  It's always a good excuse to stop by because she always has new excellent stuff coming in!!
4	I was driving down Glendale, spotted this place and thought I had to go in and check it out.  It's a cute little consignment store with a variety of women's clothing and shoes.  They have a variety of sizes, and a cute selection at that.    Although the store doesn't have a humungous selection of clothing, its quality and in good shape.  They have large ample dressing rooms, and even though I didn't purchase anything today, I really like this place. It smelled really good, the lady who helped me was really nice, and overall I had a good experience here.  Go check it out, I think you'll like it as much as I did!
5	I am in LOVE with this store! It's the best place in town to pull off your thrifty fashionista style.Every time I bring a friend or relative with me, we load up our fitting rooms with fun, unique finds, and always leave with a treasure of some sort.I love the boutique feel, where I am not having to sift through tons of racks of shoddy, outdated clothes. This location is smaller, and its obvious Nicole has a discerning eye when it comes to picking the best items.Bottom line: this is by far my favorite resale clothing store in Phoenix!
5	Love this place! The best place to find high-quality pieces at prices the average bear can actually afford.  The selection is constantly changing so there's always something new to find.  Plus, I never have to feel like I'm going to show up at a party wearing the same dress as someone else!  I love shopping where I feel like I'm home and free to comfortably browse as long as I want, and the owner Nicole makes me feel just that way.  It's just like shopping in a friend's closet.
5	Stopped in yesterday after visiting a thrift shop (from hell!) down the street....and what a breath of fresh air.  Ended up buying a couple of shirts that I LOVE - and had a nice visit with the owner, a charming woman who is knowledgeable about her inventory and the consignment lowdown in Phoenix.  I'll be back.  Often.  Check out the sale stuff in the back of the store - great deals to be had.
5	This consignment boutique may appear to be small at first but it is packed with treasures. Centrally located in a popular shopping strip Simply Posh is a shop you can't miss. I am big on buying recycled goods along with sometimes cleaning out the closet to take advantage of resale. Luckily I have had the opportunity to experience both. Strictly a woman's shop there are sizes for just about everyone. Nicole the owner who makes you feel welcomed the moment you walked through the door has the place neatly organized decorated like a dream closet. With a little bit of everything it is hard to walk out the door without anything in your hands. You will find not just the typical clothing items such as shirts, dresses, or jeans you can find luxury hand bags, work out gear, shoes, accessories and much more. The cozy dressing room area in the back of the store gives you an opportunity to try before you buy. This past year I have cosigned my personal items. I have actually had luck selling and will bring in more. There is a cool resale bargain for cosigners which is "Consignor receives 45% Cash or 55% in-store credit of the sale price" per the website.  Be sure to check in when you walk in....
5	Absolutely best consignment shop in Phoenix!!!! I can always find something fabulous and fun even when I'm not looking for anything!!! Nicole and Beth are the best!!!
5	Although I have never really found anything really that great here ... the owner is SUPER nice and helpful. During my last visit to Phoenix, I was able to score a sweet pair of earrings here. Every time my travel takes me to Phoenix, I will make this stop ... one day I will score!!
5	Absolutely LOVE this place! FRESH, FUN & LOCAL. If the trendy dress display out front doesn't catch your eye passing by then the amazing deals and finds inside will! One day I walked in & dug thru the discount $3 box and MAGICALLY fit my booty into a sexy pair of bellbottoms. I, by the way, DO NOT normally wear jeans. And I was very satisfied with my find. I've also purxhased numerous tops snd occcationally go in for simply for mirror sess. I wish you LUCK on your adventure 2 find ur new fit what ever type of clothing /style it maybe! SassiMissCassi
5	Awesome find again read my previous review! Thank you for your help Beth! Can spend hours just browsing!
5	I love this store and the owner.  You have to get to know her.   When you do, you realize she's very cool.  Very no-nonsense but in a good way.  One nice thing is that I've got a big ass and everything has been pre-stretched :)   Ok seriously, this is a fun place to shop.  They're very selective about the items they accept so I just don't have to worry.  It's really such a smart way to shop.
5	Love this little gem! Don't let the size of the store fool you. Nicole does a great job choosing consignment items and mixes it up with some cute and unique boutique clothing as well. Not only that, she always remembers my favorite styles and has great suggestions for me.  Oh...and did I mention jewelry and handbags? Yep, this place is definitely on my fave list.  Conveniently located and full of fun stuff.
5	Great store. Nicole the owner is super friendly and has a great selection. I always feel welcome when walking in the door.
