5	Very good food quality. Great menu. Great friendly service. Get the double patty if you have an appetite.
5	This place is my new favorite burger joint. Hands down the best in Charlotte. The ingredients are super fresh and the meat is fantastic compared to other local places. You can tell they go the extra mile for quality. The burgers aren't greasy or overly salty like most places. It's just plain good, well presented, and for a reasonable price.I could go on about how great the food is, but I will keep coming back because the owners are so passionate about their craft and I want to see them succeed. Joe, the owner, sat with us for awhile and told us all about his adventure starting this place. Genuinely an awesome guy who listens to his customers and is always happy to share some of his secrets for a delicious burger if you ask. I'll definitely be back... regularly!
3	Ugh, another place that makes me wish we could offer half stars.  3.5 would be a little more accurate.I didn't know this place would be set up like a Smashburger so I was a little surprised when I walked in.  I was picturing a Bad Daddy's or Cowbell for some reason.  Nonetheless, the decor was cafe style, they had a couple large screen TV's showing some type of sporting event, fountain sodas, etc.  The menu was easy to read behind the counter and there were roughly 10 types of burgers to choose from.  My husband went with the basic "bang bang burger" and I opted for the "guacamole burger."  I was given the head's up from my fellow yelper that they would allow you to do a lettuce wrap so that was my "bun" of choice.  I also upgraded (for $1) to the sweet potato fries.The food came out pretty quickly so that was a good thing and there were plenty of fries on the side that made me happy!  My husband's first impression was that the sandwich was all bun, very little meat.  My burger wrapped in lettuce was almost like a strip of a burger instead as opposed to a big hearty piece of meat.  Do you know those dollar chicken wraps you can get at McDonald's?  This was very reminiscent of one of those...The burgers were lean alright...almost too lean!However, they were good.  Of course I love the fact that they come from a farm that does not use hormones or other additives in their meat.  I think the quality was far better than any normal "fast food" place but I wasn't expecting to compare it to a Wendy's or McDonald's so that is really not the point...The burgers were juicy and definitely had good flavor but I would get the double if you are even slightly hungry.  I think the double would still only equate to a quarter pounder so you can definitely handle it.  It appears that all the burgers are served with their coveted "bang bang" sauce, which I am pretty sure is 1000 island. It was still good.The fries were hand cut which I thought were awesome.  Unfortunately, the sweet potato fries were pretty soggy.  The maple glaze they offered with the fries was scrumptious.All in all, it was Ok.  The owner was very friendly and told us all about his adventure as a new restaurant owner.  It is certainly not easy to start a new business!  I wouldn't say this concept is brand new to the Charlotte area so he may have his work cut out for him...the location may or may not be to his disadvantage. He made it clear this was going to be all about the burgers.  He wants the burgers to speak for themselves.  They have a couple other options but he plans on removing salads from the menu.  This is a basic burger joint.  Burger. Fries. Soda. Beer.  Love it or leave it.
2	The "opening soon" sign has finally come down, but I foresee a closed sign within the year.  For a burger joint, bang bang fails to bring flavor or quality.  The burgers are pre-made frozen cuts with "hand cut" fries that taste less than fresh.  I had a side of the bang bang sauce house homemade dressing....it's 1000 island made from canned "fresh" ingredients.   Overall, everything was a let down and over priced for what it was.
5	First off, whoever thinks these burgers are flavorless definitely has their taste buds all out of wack. Secondly, yes the meat isn't a steroid induced pile of cow, but that's why they have doubles. Giving a place a bad review due to an issue that you could have easily solved is pretty sketch. The pictures of the burgers are everywhere! And are true to size. Which is exactly why when I saw the meat size and heard my tummy rumble I opted for the double. So let me know when you open a restaurant, I'd love to complain about your forks not being shiny enough or some other nonsense.Now onto the actual review.As a California native, a meatatarian, burger enthusiast and an explorer of new or underrated restaurants, I was MORE than impressed. I LOVE a good burger and have been searching for the best in Charlotte for a while now. Bad Daddys definitely had the lead on that one, until now. There are 2 key elements to a good burger, the meat and well, everything else. Now having a delicious one or the other is enough to impress me, but having both? You win this round, Bang Bang. I ordered the TNT burger because it offered something called wasabi cheddar. Being disappointed with any other Charlotte restaurant cheddar anything (processed cheddar sauce is blasphemous to the cheese Gods), I was a little nervous but wasabi makes the acids in my stomach bubble and that's ok by me. The atmosphere of the place was very calm and clean. You can tell it's new because with burgers that good the place should have been packed! We drank our delicious White Rascal (awesome selection of beer) and then in comes a ray of light from the kitchen. This burger was served on a wood plank with a hefty serving of fresh cut fries and all the fixings on the side which I loved. My burger came with deep fried jalapenos and onions which were fried to perfection. The bang bang sauce was pretty good but I completely ignored it once I discovered the amazing wasabi cheddar. Finally! A Charlotte restaurant that treats cheese with respect.  I slathered my crispy bun with wasabi and went in for the kill. Bite one caused a river of meat juices to fall onto my plank and more importantly into my mouth. WOW. The meat was beyond juicy! I almost thought I was having steak how juicy it was. Going for the double was the best idea I had all day! How that monstrosity fit in my mouth I'll never get! (That's what she said). They put what I believe to be pepper jack on the meat and was it delicious! The cheese dripped from my burger like it does on a TMNT cartoon pizza. I was in heaven. Those deep fried jalapenos and onions were definitely the cherry on top. They took onion rings to a whole new level. The fries were fresh and crisp and did a great job of supporting this succulent beast. Every bite, every juice drop down my cheek, every sniffle from the wasabi was like watching a pegasus gallop into the sunset. The only thing that could have been done better was the pricing. It was a bit more than we expected to pay for burgers but we seemed to care less and less with each bite.That being said, they've earned the 5 stars. They were so good, I wanted to Bang Bang the chef.
5	Great service, friendly staff! salmon burger and the sweet potatoe fries with maple sauce was delicious! Salmon was fresh, juicy and flavorful.  In my opinion this place is better than big daddy's.  Im looking forward to going back to try the veggie burger!
4	Finally checked this place out today. Got takeout. Had the TNT And the cowboy burger. The tnt burger was insanely delicious. The sauces were solid, and i appreciate that for takeout they were put on the side. Definitely going back to dine in next time.
4	Really pleasantly surprised with this place. It seems like it took awhile to open, sometimes that works against a restaurant. I was able to meet the owner and he explained things to me. They get their beef from a butcher in NYC and it is very good. Not a huge patty but you do have the easy option to add a 2nd patty. Their buns are from Local Loaf in the 7th St. Market. Two things are great about this. 1st the bread is so good!! it's got good texture and a flaky buttery top. It's made fresh everyday. 2nd is that it's from Local Loaf. The ambiance was cool. Nice contemporary lighting. Nice wooden eating tables and planting of seating. They also had a good beer selection. This is a great addition to the burger scene in CLT.  Oh and really good fries too!
4	I've been here twice so far. The first time I got the hangover burger. It was good & messy. This came with the Bang Bang sauce which, like others have stated is basically 1000 island dressing (I liked it better with just ketchup & mustard). The second time (last night) I tried the Cowboy burger. While I was waiting for my order they gave me a sample of some of their homemade BBQ chips which were quite tasty. I really enjoyed the Cowboy Burger, the BBQ sauce tasted homemade & had a little kick. The homemade fries here are also really good. The staff & owner are very friendly & welcoming. They are also very helpful with any questions about the menu. I live right across the street from this place so I think I will definitely be back.
2	Okay... I've been here three times. The first trip was just after they opened. Burger was good, burger sizes were good, got a double, and fries were average. Spent right at $15 bucks. Second trip... burgers were smaller. Again, $15 bucks for a double, fries and drink. Third and final visit... burgers were literally the size sausage patties. The bun  had plenty of room all the way around.  The waitress tried to tell me the longer they cook the burger the smaller they get. I ordered them medium. For me Elizabeth deserves a much better burger joint, and a much better price point. And the bang bag sauce is 1000 Island dressing. Nothing fancy.
4	I got rid of the bang bang sauce in favor of mustard and I thought the burger was very flavorful and the meat just melted in my mouth and with the bun the flavor was excellent. I could imagine that the bang bang sauce would over power the burger, hence I left it off, plus I am more of mustard guy anyway. I will come back and try something more adventurous than just a regular burger with lettuce, tomato, and onion.
5	One of Charlotte's newest burger joints, but definitely my favorite. I said it.... let me just scream it out and I don't care who hears me in this library...BANG BANG BURGERS HAS THE BEST BURGER IN CHARLOTTE!!!!!!!!Now, with that out of the way (and with several concerned book nerds looking at me strangely), let me explain why I love Bang Bang...First of all, Bang Bang is the classic story of Joe, a burger veteran trying to run a successful burger joint in Charlotte. I've only known him for a couple months, but from one entrepreneur to another, I see his passion for trying to create the best customer experience possible. From trial and error with different buns, different sauces, different beer and products, Bang Bang does not accept mediocrity. This is why unless a snow storm keeps people indoors for a year or more, they won't be going out of business anytime soon. They serve their burgers medium, and they are SUPER flavorful. Just the burger alone is all the taste you could dream for in a burger. Regardless of what you order, there is a 75% chance it will come with Bang Bang sauce aka MOVE OVER any other sauce you would be putting on your burger. I would buy Bang Bang sauce by the bottle if it was available. Anyway, if it's your first time, try their Hangover 1 burger. You won't regret it. The bun is so soft, the fries are so crispy, and the toppings are amazing. Also if it's your first time, try their cheeseburger eggrolls. That's burger innovation at its finest. The entire staff is super cool and their beer selection is fantastic (try my personal fave, the Golden Monkey). If you like soda, they have DON'T YOU WANTA Orange Fanta, which goes really well with the food IMO.
4	Good service. Will be back to check out the pork belly burger. Definitely go for the double burger if you're a dude. Homemade pickles are good, on the sweeter side though.
4	I've been here twice, once to dine in and tonight I ordered to go. The first time around I ordered the guacamole burger. It was delicious! While we waited for our food they brought out a sampling of their homemade BBQ chips - also delicious and appreciated. My friend ordered the same thing, but was disappointed in the size of the patty in proportion to the bun. I didn't mind. The burger and toppings to bun ratio worked just fine for me. If there had been more meat, I probably would have needed more guac to compensate. Just saying. Tonight, I ordered the Seoul burger. After an incredibly long day at work, it was amazing. Though, I was searching for the bulgogi sauce. I'm not so sure it made it onto my burger. This time I definitely noticed the petite-ness of the patty. I would say that the bun extended over the beef patty by about an inch. It is a pretty great bun, by the way. Even with the beef deficit, it was tasty. I will order it again. Like others have said, you kind of need to order a double. A single is probably only 1/2 of what you want out of a good burger and also kind of a tease. The bang bang sauce is dope. It's like 1000 island's cousin, but really, who cares? Eat it. You'll like it. I don't have much to say about their decor or the physical layout. It's fine, nothing particularly special or memorable. I don't know about you, but I go to restaurants to eat. So, unless a restaurant has a sanitation issue, I couldn't care less about how it looks. Both times, the staff have been friendly and super helpful.
5	Best burger I've had in a long time! Had the California chicken burger. If you like sauces you MUST try the bang sauce! I loved it with my fries! Tried hubby's hangover burger. Good stuff! I'm not a fan of ground beef but I really enjoyed this one. As for the patty size he was fine because he got the double but might have been different if he ordered the single. For all the mommas - this is a family friendly place without feeling like you're at Steak 'n Shake. Reasonable prices and great quality!
4	I've gone here a few times and was pleasantly surprised they offered a veggie "burger" option that wasn't just a veggie pattie. They use mondo sized portobella mushrooms which is lightly battered tempura style and top it off with large onion rings. A little on the greasy side but full of flavor with their signature bang bang sauce. For a veggie option it's the same cost as a meat option which I don't see how that is fair. I usually order it with sweet potato fries with a sweet maple white sauce but the sweet potato fries are always over cooked and rubbery. If you've ever been to a Zoe's Kichen or Panera that is how this restaurant is set up. But the atmosphere reminds you of a Chipotle. You go in, fall in line and order and they give you a number as you wait at a table of your choosing. Service is very friendly and helpful with their menu.
5	So happy to have a great burger place in the neighborhood! I have eaten there a couple of times and really love it! The house sauce is so yummy!!  I thought the staff was very warm and welcoming!
5	Great burgers, we had the Bang Bang burger which is a classic american burger. It had fresh ground meat & the fires were hand cut.
5	Great burger!Joe and staff are friendly and casual. Burger was one of the best I've had not only in Charlotte, but anywhere. Worth the extra 5 minute drive for us.  Worth the extra $2-3 dollars as well. Get the broccoli with garlic sauce. Like everything it is simple but really well done. We will be back.
5	Hands down, this the BEST burger place in Charlotte! The customer service is over the top and the quality of the beef is the best we've ever had. Their selection of gourmet burgers really 'wowed' us--but the meat itself is just so juicy and flavorful, keeping it simple is beautiful. Chef Joe makes this place awesome and we loved talking with him; he even gave us free samples of their hand-cut sweet potato fries with maple syrup/sour cream/mayo dip, and BBQ chips to try. This is the first place we'll take family and friends when they come to visit us in Charlotte!
5	Aww man, the Bang bang burger was so good, I didn't even use any of the lettuce, tomato, or onions on it. The sauce was also real good. It is a order first, then sit, or to go place.  Very classy. This is the first place I will take anyone to who comes to Charlotte to visit us.
5	This is now my favorite burger place in Charlotte. Just went for the 2nd time yesterday and found out that they just started offering 100% grass fed beef from Virginia.So far I have had the hangover burger and the TNT burger. Both were awesome, but the TNT is definitely my favorite. Onion rings and fries are all awesome too.Trumps Bad Daddy's and Cowfish!
5	Awesome food! I love this place. Ban Bang Burger was recommended to me by a co worker. I am not a big burger person but decided to try them. Great Place!!!! Burgers that you see pictured are the same in person. We had an order for 9 people, we called it in and by the time someone got there to pick it up it was all ready!
3	I had the Hangover, more than just a fried egg slapped on a burger... I love the creativity. Home made fries and good burgers leaves no complaint about the food. Service on the other hand left much to desire. The gentleman who took my order seemed annoyed to be at work and wanted nothing less than to be done with me as soon as possible. I work in a restaurant with a similar counter service so I understand the need to keep the line moving but I was the only one in line. I will return for the food and hope to have a different server, or maybe he will have a better day.
5	My favorite Charlotte fancy burger place by far. Bang Bang features grass fed beef from a family farm in Virginia and their buns are made daily from local Nova's bakery in NoDa. Their hangover burger is my favorite, with an egg and hash browns on a toasted bun with one or two patties. Don't underestimate their chicken club--it's just as delicious as the beef and veggie patties! Ask for their sweet and tangy bang bang sauce is perfect on everything, too!
5	By far, I've just sampled the BEST BURGER I've ever eaten in my life! I cannot wait to return. The customer service was also superb...smiles, courteousness, and a genuine love for people! This place is a WINNER, and I wish this establishment much success.
3	I've been wanting to eat at bang bang ever since the "coming soon" sign was hanging! I read some awesome reviews and it was set in my mind that I just had to try it! Today I killed the curiosity and decided to go in- I ended up ordering the bang bang burger. Let's just say it wasn't what I expected.  It was good, I love that it's grass fed beef and all but flavor was really lacking with this one.  I didnt look into what bang bang sauce was, but its thousand island dressing..... not even what I imagined! I would've told them to hold that mess! I'm also going to agree with a few others and say that a lot of bread comes with this smaller portioned burger patty.  It was sort of slow while I was there-  so maybe that explains the boring attitudes from the workers, the cashier was friendly though! Im not rushing back,  slightly disappointed :(
5	Right now, at this point in time, this might be one of my favorite burgers in Charlotte. I hesitate writing that as I live for burgers but this place really made an impression on me. To start, the lady that took my order was incredibly helpful, and that pleased me. I must have looked confused because she chimed in with some of her favorites, some great options, or letting me know that I can create my own. So, thats what I did. I created and ordered a double, bacon, swiss, avocado, and mushroom burger with sweet potato fries. As I read on the menu, and what struck my fancy, is that the burger meat is from the "highest quality, Black Angus whole muscle cuts of short rib & chuck, produced by NYC's own Pat La Frieda!" I like that they are conscious of the meat they are using. I don't know if it's where the meat came from or what, but it was delicious. It was very very juicy and flavorful and I had a hard time putting it down and breathing during my bites. Also, I liked the toasted bun and the fries were so good, not soggy or cold and the perfect compliment. The amount of food was more than decent and the presentation of the food was cute with the little cutting board and basket of fries. It also came with the 'bang bang' sauce, which I didn't use on my burger but did dip some of my fries in it and it was good but I wouldn't want to take away from the burger by using it too much or pouring it on top. The other menu options look pretty tasty, I have to try the pork belly burger, and the other specialty burgers all look appetizing. I will say, food and service is a 5 for me but the place itself is probably a 4. It's on the smaller side and is an order upfront, get your drink, sit down and then they bring it to you, smashbruger, type set up - but smaller. When I've gone there were only a few people and still felt myself having to consciously maneuver around, so I could only imagine how it would be with just a few more people. If you like burgers, this is a place to go!!
5	Amazing burgers. Wife had the black bean burger and said it was the best she's ever had.
5	Best burger ever. I had the Pork Belly burger. My wife had the guacamole burger. The boys had kids burger, Western, Bang Bang. 5 smiles. Winner. But mine was the best. :)
5	Great Tasty Burger!!!  Different and interesting topping combinations, toppings/sides that really take your taste buds on a delicious trip.  I got the Hangover Burger.  Could not say one bad thing about it, and it was so good I ate the onions which I have always taken off on other burgers.  Highly recommend.
5	I am in love!! Basically shake shack in Charlotte. Well, minus the shakes. Today was the 2nd time eating from this place. First time was takeout that the hubs picked up. And there it was, my delicious shake shack type burger made with Pat Lafrida beef!!! Today when a co-worker and I were talking about where to grab lunch I quickly thought of this place and off we went. We were greeted by a super enthusiastic employee who explained all the menu (wish I could remember his name!), the beef and the general awesomeness that is this place! I ordered the hangover burger and it truly was burger perfection. We had a little issue with the ketchup bottle exploding all over the table and the same employee as above quickly helped clean it up and then the owner came over to make sure we were ok and we started talking. He was so passionate about his business that even if the food wasn't to die for I would go back just to support him! But that won't be an issue sine I'll be back again and again since the food is bangin'! (Sorry- I couldn't resist).
5	This place is awesome. It's as good if not better than Bad Daddy's or any other burger place in town. The cowboy burger and hangover burger are amazing.
4	All in all a solid burger joint and i can see why this place gets rave reviews.  I ordered the Guacamole Burger with Sweet Potato fries - both were extremely good.  The burger was cooked just right and had tons of flavor.  The Guacamole ranked right up there with the best I've had with a nice blend of advocados, shaved red onions, and corn salsa.  The sweet potato fries were really good but there are other places in Charlotte that have better.  I did like the fact that they are hand cut and still had the skin.I don't think this is the best burger joint in Charlotte but it definitely ranks up there.  If I were in the judging business - which I'm not - I would put Kickstand burgers a notch above Bang Bang.  Another edge Kickstand has over Bang Bang is the ambiance.  Bang Bang has more of a fast food feel while Kickstand is more of a sit and stay for a while restaurant.
5	Great place to get some burgers and food that are not your typical burger joint fare. The employees and owner are extremely friendly and helpful. They have grass fed beef, interesting burger combos and a good selection of local beers. I really enjoyed being able to just order a burger and sit down without having to deal with a wait person. It's like a gourmet version of Five Guys. The only thing that I would like to see is a little more crisp to the fries and a little more seasoning on the beef but all in all it's a wonderful addition to the neighborhood!
5	This was honestly the best burger ever! So juicy and so flavorful!! This is a must try and should become a place for everyone regular go to burger place! The owner is so nice and so is the staff. Please go check it out!
5	This place has amazing burgers, the best onion rings and fries in Charlotte.  If your after a burger check this place out. You won't be disappointed.
4	Awesome burger joint.  The custom selection of burgers gives everyone a chance to get what they want.  The "Hangover" was delicious and I recommend it to anyone.  Beer was cold and the staff awesome!   A must in Charlotte!
4	The burgers are really good, the fries are really good and the beer/wine selection is good.  I usually don't need more than that, but the kids like coming here, too, so that seals the deal for us.Oh, and don't forget that it is a burger place, and the burgers are rrreally good...
5	Spectacularly good burger and based on my limited experience, the best in Charlotte.  Substitute the fries with the fresh broccoli spears splashed in garlic (an extra $1) and you can deceive yourself in believing a burger is a healthy food choice.
5	Had the Cowboy Burger & Wow!!!  Only planned to eat one but my willpower was too weak to resist. Slept like a baby after that fat load. Need to get my cholesterol checked & hit the treadmill now.
5	Damn this was some tasty food!! The sweet potato fries are hand cut, the burger was perfectly cooked and let's talk about the maple dipping sauce!!!!!! This is now my new favorite spot! Bookmarked and I will totally be back! The owner walked us through the menu and sent over BBQ chips since it was our first time in. Amazing customer service and the food is all natural! They even shop local and use Dukes Bread for the buns. Two greats sandwiched together!! :D
3	I wanted to like this place more than Bad Daddy's,  but the fact of the matter is that when I took my first bites, there was not a moment when I said "Wow, what an awesome burger!" It was good, def better than average. Just not great.
4	Good first visit to Bang Bang last night. The black bean patty isn't special but condiments were fresh, fries and rings were solid, and the service was very good. I'll go back.
5	Located in one of my favorite neighborhoods, this is a great meeting place and of course, burger joint. The staff is knowledgeable and the owner is super cool. They served a free in-house BBQ potato chip appetizer while we waited. My friend got the Bang Bang Burger with their signature Bangburger sauce on the side with sweet potato fries with some kind of maple sauce. I got the Seoul burger with kimchi (of course) on a gluten free bun with hand cut fries. Both dishes were to die for. I had a little bit of everything (but for a bite of my friend's burger) and could have eaten ALL the fries and chips on my own. Even the beer recommendation paired with my slightly spicy burger made perfect sense. The only thing they (or rather, the private supplier) will need to work on is the oopsie bread, aka gluten free bun. I know they're hard to make sturdy enough for a heavy wet burger. I'm just thankful they have the option at all.
5	Run, don't walk to Bang Bang Burgers!  We went for the first time last week and were blown away by the burgers and prices.  Tuesdays are kids eat free.  Bonus!  And adults can order off the kid's menu for only $2 more, which is nice.  However, the burgers on the kid's menu are the same size as the adult menu, just cooked through - another plus.  My husband ordered The Bang Bang Burger (double) and I think had a moment.....ok, maybe a few moments.  He was in heaven.  The burgers are so juicy without being greasy.  I think next time he'll be ordering the Hangover....the whole "fried egg" thing...not sure I get it, but whatever...it makes Big Daddy happy.  The fries too are amaze balls.  We met the chef when we walked in...and liked him immediately.  The service was excellent and I love the fact that you can fill up your own drink....a plus with kids.  This is a very unpretentious place, that welcomes kids, with reasonable prices.  A CMPD officer was even enjoying his dinner on duty.  We will definitely be back....and soon!
5	Yummy yummy yummy I got love in my tummy.  This place serves seriously delicious burgers.  Ask for extra bang bang sauce.  And substitute the fries with freshly steamed broccoli/garlic....
5	Bang Bang Burgers is an excellent burger place for being a franchise. They support local bakeries for their buns and use very high quality ingredients. The staff was also very friendly. We told the cashier this was our first time and he kindly explained to us all the details. I decided to eat the Portobello and Gruyere burger with a side of their sweet potato fries. The burger was juicy and perfectly cooked and the sweet potato fries were excellent. The fries also came with a side of their house-made white sauce which was unique. Bang Bang Burgers served me one of the best burgers I've ever had and I will definitely revisit it during my next visit to Charlotte.
5	We recently moved to the 7th St area and are so happy we discovered Bang Bang Burgers!  Always get the double and share, it's just better!  Pork Belly and Port/Mushroom are heavenly.  Crispy delicious fries.  Love the grilled chicken sandwich too.  Great staff, especially Mike and service is fast and friendly.  Small place but  we get it to go a lot and it takes home great.
4	First time here. Great service as soon as I stepped in the door. I ordered the TNT burger and it came out great. The bread they use for the burgers is locally made and is so delicious. I just got a water with my meal and I couldn't even drink it hardly. It tasted disgusting. I'll come back sometime soon and try a new item for sure.
4	The flavor of the blue burger was amazing. The only thing I could suggest is that the burgers could be juicier. A little on the dry side but still delicious! Sweet potato fries were great.
5	Short review:  Eat here. It's amazing. Seriously. This is one of the best burgers I have ever had. Came here based on the recommendation of a friend and I do not regret it one bit. It's pretty low key and not fancy at all but the quality of the food is astounding. The only thing that could make it better is a delicious milkshake but that's no reason to hate. They focus on burgers obviously and man they do it right.
5	Bang Bang is one of my favorite new restaurants in Charlotte. Very quality driven restaurant. Everything was fresh tasting and equally delicious. This place has everything you expect from a burger joint...and more. The staff is very friendly, informative and hospitable but selecting the right menu item can be hard since everything looks so good. The presentation is just as appetizing as the food itself. They also have vegetarian options which is always a plus. I strongly recommend Bang Bang.
5	Exactly what i expected from a 4.5 rated place. Burgers ranged from 8.5-10 for single quarter pound varieties and 12-13 for double patties. The beef and portions were great and I didn't feel too gross after the meal.The hand cut fries were generously served and hit the spot. Also the potato chips were the best I've had, and incredibly thin.If anything the burgers may be a little small if you have a big appetite.
3	had the pork belly burgeri felt that the beef patty was super small for the bun but it was flavorful.. maybe next time i'll get the double pattythe sweet potato fries could have been better.. not super crispy but the dipping sauce was yummyoverall, an OK burger that satisfied by burger craving but not the best
1	The veggie "burger" was bland and there was no pickled cucumber (i.e. pickle?)- just "burger" and "cilantro, ginger, tofu spread"- could not taste any of these flavors in the sauce. My wife's burger was supposed to be cooked medium (like it says on menu) but was rare. Both "burgers" had huge buns so even if the "meat" was edible, the bun would have dominated the "burger".  The onion rings were excellent however and the fries were pretty good. Still will never go back. If we had not gotten take out, I would have returned the meals and gotten something else or my money back-
4	Good burgers. Loyal to local breweries. My favorite is the standard Bang Bang burger. The sauce is delicious and the fries are amounts my favorites.
3	I SO wanted to give this place a better review. I really did. But that bun just did this burger in. I ordered the PORTABELLA & GRUYERE Burger, got a double, and asked for it "medium." Well it came well done. Strike one. Now a "double" here would equal most places Half-Pound burger, so get that if you're hungry (which I definitely was)! Was it tasty? Yes. Was the bun fresh and soft? NO. It was a tough chew, and I wound up leaving half of it on the table. That will NOT win you many admirerers Bang Bang! What sets others apart is the quality of the bun.....and this one really, I hate to say it, sucked! It just did. Could have been stale....I don't know. But I do know is that I couldn't eat that bun. I scraped off the meat and ate that. That was decent, and the mushroom and cheese was pretty good.But I mean, come on Bang Bang, that bun was stale and you know it! And yet you served it. Overall a "meh" experience. IF you want a GREAT burger, go to Cowfish, Diamond or the LIberty. All do great burgers!
5	What can I say?  This place has everything I want!!  The service is super friendly and the food is high quality.  The menu offers burgers that will blow your mind and taste palate as well.  It is kept very clean in the dining area, but the bathroom could use a bit of TLC.  I absolutely LOVE their salads and try to have one at least once per week.  The lighting is what I would call "mood lighting" with booths that have TONS of space and tables to meet your dining needs.  Recently, I called in an order for a salad and when I arrived a computer glitch didn't send the order to the kitchen so it wasn't ready.  Mike, the cashier, apologized and gave me a 5 dollar discount on the order as well as a free beverage.  I didn't ask for this nor did I expect it!  It was unexpected and rare in the fast food industry to have this type of awesome service.  This is a business that works hard to keep your business!!  I would recommend Bang Bang Burgers to anyone wanting to try a place that offers quality product at reasonable prices with EXCELLENT service!! Let Mike know he is doing a great job!!  He defiantly earned my repeat business.
3	The burgers were okay.  I had the Bang Bang Burger.  They have small patties and the Bang Bang sauce tastes like potato salad. It just doesn't seem appropriate for a burger.  I did like their fries.... Their fries reminds me of Five Guys.  The staff was very friendly and even gave us a sample of their BBQ chips since this was my husband and I first time there.   Overall, the food wasn't bad... It just didn't blow me away.
4	Had the Pork Belly burger. It was really fatty. Also had the garlic broccoli.  That was a bit bland.
5	This is the best burger place that I've been to in Charlotte so far.  I've also tried Kickstand in Plaza-Midwood, but I think Bang Bang is better overall.I've tried the Cowboy burger and the special Mexicali burger.  Both were great.I've seen some complaints on the burger size in other reviews and they are definitely smaller than some places (I'm guessing 1/4 pound size for a single); however, I certainly find the size to be sufficient when you pair it up with a side item.The overall quality of the meat is great, and the ingredient combinations on the various burgers are excellent.  I'm a big fan of sweet potato fries and this place has the BEST ones I've had, especially when eating them with the accompanying maple white sauce.  I don't know exactly what's in this sauce but it is heavenly.The only real knock I have on this place is it's located in a strip mall, and has a vibe similar to Five Guys or any other chain.  Great for lunch or hanging out with your bros, but I wouldn't take a date here.
5	We were in the area and luckily did a Yelp search for a late Sunday lunch. The service was pleasant and helpful, while the burgers and fries were fresh and flavorful. A real plus was a gluten free bun that was light and tasty (most gluten free breads are dense and dry). We started off with more standard burgers but plan to return soon to try the more adventurous offerings.
3	I gave Bang Bang a try last weekend and it was just OK, but worth more visits. I agree with some of the other reviews about the ratio of beef to bun - heavily skewed toward bun. The guacamole burger had a great presentation and the accompanying BBQ house chips were great. The flavor was there, but it left me craving more guac, corn, and red onion. I appreciate thinner beef patties, but the bun was too much. I am not a fan of the bun itself; it was a bit too airy. I prefer a bun on the denser side that holds up to a burger and all the toppings. The staff was great; they explained the menu to us and were friendly. I also liked the feel and decor - warm and inviting.
5	This place is AWESOME!  I decided to try it because it had 4.5 stars on Yelp!  It was a great decision!  The burgers are really bang bang good.  The atmosphere was great and the staff were very friendly. They deserve 5 stars in my book.  Btw...the chips and onion rings were perfect!!  Highly recommended!!!
4	The hubs and I decided to try this place out on a particularly icky rainy Sunday afternoon. Perhaps because the weather was gross or that we came smack in the middle of the afternoon, Bang Bang was really quiet. It gave me a chance to appreciate their decor and choice of music (Sinatra was on). It's a nice, cozy place with a warm interior. I dig that. We tried the cheeseburger eggrolls, the Hangover with regular fries, and the Brie burger with sweet potato fries. We were really surprised at how well the cheeseburger eggrolls turned out. My only advise there is to make sure you order enough and wait a moment for them to cool. Hubs had the Hangover burger and let me try a bite. I liked it. I wish it just had a couple pieces of crispy whole bacon to round it off. My Brie burger was awesome. The tomato jam was sweet and mellow which really complements the brie and arugula. Normally I don't dig big wads of greens on my burger, but this stack was well balanced and tender, so it was pleasant. I think my one regret was getting a single because the Duke's Bread buns are a little too bulky to carry just one patty. Then again, I couldn't even finish my food (which is saying a lot considering I'm a fluffy girl in the Gabriel Iglesias sense), so that's probably more reflective of the bun just being too big. All these were good.......but the sweet potato fries with maple sauce....those were great. I can't really pin down why the sauce is so perfect. It's sweet, but it's not frosting sweet. It's tangy, but not ketchup tangy. Ugh, IDK, but it's delicious with the salted sweet potato fries. The regular fries are top notch too, but getting great regular fries has really become a standard expectation these days. I like that this place offers so many healthy options too. It makes feeding a mixed palate group much easier (though you won't catch me wolfing down broccoli with garlic oil any time soon; in fact, that's the only thing GHWB and I agree on politically: no broccoli. I don't like it. Well except for Chinese broccoli, but that's another post.). So final opinion is that this is definitely the best burger joint we've seen in CLT so far, but it could use a few improvements like smaller buns for singles and a build your own burger option on the menu.
5	My favorite burger place in Charlotte. Fresh and high quality ingredients, cooked really well. The fries are amazing too.
4	Had a bang bang burger, fries, and a beer.  It was everything I hoped it could be, and more.  Burger was done to my liking, and the homemade roll was fantastic.
4	Pretty delish burgers, prepared so many different ways and with so many different toppings... Great fries as well.Even bigger bonus is gluten free buns are available! Will be back when I'm craving a burger
5	This was my first time here. Hubby and I went for lunch. We got the bang bang burger and the pork belly burger, both with fries. Fries were crispy in the outside and great. Bun/meat balance was perfect. The girl at the counter explained the menu so great that I wanted to order everything, she was also were courteous. The beef had char grill flavor. I had a single patty and it was enough for me, the hubby order a double and he was full. The fries serving is huge. Food is served in wooden board to make it look rusty. I will definitely be coming back. Also, they serve Coke products "My favorite".
5	As good as it gets. Presentation is absolutely amazing, and the staff is just wonderful. My boyfriend and I went in there the other day for the first time and the cashier was so pleasant! She walked us through the whole menu and were very pleased with what we ordered.. We've been about 3 times after that and will be recommending this place to our friends and family!
4	Food was good.  Fries were great.  Burger was a good burger.
4	Pretty good burgers. At first I was a little suspicious of the place, it didn't look like it was 4.5 restaurant, but after I had a burger, I was like: yep, that's it! I had TNT burger and it was good, but I wouldn't say it was something special. My spouse had a Pimento cheese burger and it was fire! Somehow he always orders more delicious food than I do;) fries were yummy as well. Staff was friendly and explained the menu to us. I would totally recommend this place for a quick lunch or dinner, it's laid back, nothing fancy.
4	Wait! You mean I'm not in my backyard grilling a 100% grass fed beef burger?? It certainly tasted home cooked (probably better.) I ordered the Bang Bang Burger and upgraded to the grass fed beef. It came with cheese, lettuce, tomato, homemade pickle, red onion and for lack of a better descriptor, "special sauce." This was a really good burger. On the side we shared the fries and the edamame, sweet potato salad. I liked the salad - it was a nice departure from typical side salady things. The fries were hand cut in-house but I just like a skinny, crispy fry. These tasted good but were on the soft side. BBB is certainly pricey but if you upgrade to 100% grass fed beef you're going to pay more than usual. Obviously they are interested in good quality ingredients (like canola fry oil) so you should expect to pay more.I'll go back.
