3	Bon, mais pas impressionne! Un peu cher pour un dejeuner...
4	A cute eatery with a creative and delicious brunch menu! Gravlax with the corn waffles were a fun twist on a classic combination. The crumpets were sweet and a good "dessert" option. I suggest going early as it fills up really quickly!
4	I was quite eager to try this place after having heard many good things about it and was quite pleased when it lived up to my expectations.  There can be a line-up to get a table but it is no better or no worse than any other good brunch place in Montreal.  Once inside the decor is eclectic yet welcoming and the service is fast and friendly.  They started us off with a shot of pineapple juice and ginger.  The ginger added a nice touch to the juice and they must have made the pineapple juice there because there was plenty of chunks of fruit in it.  While I only had a glass of grapefruit juice their hot drinks looked very tempting!  The hot chocolate was served with what looked like homemade marshmallows and it made me regret not ordering one even though I wasn't in the mood for it.I ordered Le Champi which consisted of 2 poached eggs served on top of Mamirolle on toast with red pepper compote and mushrooms.  The eggs were slightly overcooked however everything else made up for that.  The bread was of high quality and the cheese added some really nice flavour without overpowering everything.  I also tried some of my friend's cinnamon brioche which was divine.Pricewise it is on par with other brunch places in the city.  I'd definitely go back to this place as I was quite satisfied.  Next time though I think I'd have to try their pastries which all looked decadent.
3	All three stars go to the food and that's really about it.  The restaurant is warm as heck and I was sweating while eating.  The service is slow and inattentive.  Would I go back, though?  Yeah, I would.  Their bad marks don't outweigh the good.First, the food.  Wow, just awesomeness all around.  I got the Mish Mash (omelet) of the Day and it was fantastic.  My wife got the Chic Croissant.  Both were excellent.  I like how they give you all these little side complementary items to your dish.  They give you some sliced fruit, some baked beans, some freshly mashed potato, and some great toasted baguette depending upon what you ordered.  We also got the yogurt on the side which is done as a creme brulee.  The food makes me want to try the rest of their menu out.Second, the restaurant is just so freaking warm.  I don't know how to explain it except that no A/C exists in the damn place.  I don't know.  Maybe it's just me, but I felt uncomfortable.  But, that's just a testament to the food.  Good enough to make me forget about the sweating.Third, the service was ite.  I mean, when they spoke to us, they were friendly and all that, but it took long as heck to get to us and at various points during my meal, I just felt like server upon server was going by us, but not really paying attention to us.  Also, while we were seated at the bar, another pair received some complimentary samples of some drink that we were not privy, too.  Other then the fact that they were two attractive girls, I imagine it to be poor taste to give complimentary anything to someone sitting at the bar without also sharing that with the others who are in full view of said gift and are actually sitting adjacent to the recipients.  Whining about nothing?  Maybe.  But, just see how you feel in a similar spot.  I don't know.  Couldn't help but feel, "Hey, what about us?"All in all, great food, service department/AC needs some tweaking.  Would come back again though.
5	Love the place! When we got there around 11am on a Sunday, the line up was going all the way to the corner of the street. We had to wait about 20-25 minutes to get a table for two people (which is a shorter wait than I expected--the place actually has a good number of tables). Well worth the wait: the food was delicious. I had the croissant with egg and cheese in it, and topped with spinach sauce. Also tried the sides of crumpet and home-made chocolate spread (so good!), and the scones with mascarpone and marmelade. Delicious! The decor is pretty and clean. We had a table right by the window; great spot. Good service; they made us feel that it was OK to hang around to chat even when we were done eating. Can't wait to go back!
5	Excellent service, the food was awesome and we were not rushed to leave as soon as we finished our meal. Plenty of coffee and discussions to keep us happy ;)
5	Fellow Yelpers, I was dragged here by my girlfriend and I am the first to admit I dislike fancy food places. I prefere traditional breakfast! I am leaving this place with one heck of a different view on Regine Cafe. Not only is the service excellent and friendly but the food was beyond what I expected!! The taste was amazing, the portion was just right and the juice (i had a cherry and pear smoothy with yogurt) was yummy. It's a little pricy but I expected that coming in. In conclusion, I can't wait to come back!!
4	I happen to live near this place and I only tried it for the first time 1 month ago. There is a wait time about 20-30 minutes usually. Cute decor feels retro. They offer free "hot chocolate" type shots to start which is nice. I ordered their yogurt and my husband has the grilled cheese with duck. I love my plate as well as their coffee. The grilled cheese lacked some cheese and only had duck in the middle and a small portion. Id go back to try different things. The staff is friendly. Still a decent breakfast place compared to a lot
5	This place is amazing. When visiting Montreal, do yourself a favor and eat here. You will thank yourself!! Happy eating!
5	The best brunch by far. Executed to perfection. The food looks and tastes better than the picture, and that says a lot. Something different that no one else is doing, a must try for the breakfast lovers. Quality.
5	Everything is colourful and beautiful - from the decors to the food! Perfect place in town for brunch! Read more on my blog on http://theforbiddenmeal.com/2014/10/13/regine-cafe-brunching/
5	Insanely good - fancy food, swift and friendly French service, not-too-posh decor. Food (pork) not overly salt-saturated, and very fresh and fabulous plating. So worth the hour wait outside in -7 degree cold. Really!
5	Though it might take a while to be seated, this place is absolutely worth the wait!!! The dishes are original and gorgeous, the staff is very kind, extremely helpful and accommodating (food allergies here) and never snob.  After eating at that kind of breakfast place, I really dont see why I would eat breakfast in a chain of restaurants. We had the scone with marmelade and lemon cream, the corn waffles with gravlax and finally the mish mash (scrambled eggs of the day). The espresso and the spicy hot chocolate were really good. And also the little sample of their daily juice was a nice touch. Definitely a must when in Montreal!
