5	I got free tickets from Creative Loafing for UNCC 49ers basketball game.  I had only been to one other college game and that was at TWC Arena.  I was impressed with the quality of the arena.  It sits about 9000 people, although we were there Thanksgiving weekend so the crowd was noticeably smaller.  Even so, the students who were there were really into it.  The cheerleaders were also very good.  They had the traditional ones as well as the "Gold Dusters", which were more like a dance team. The team itself has been ranked in the past and made the NCAA tournament, but I think they had a mediocre year last season. The arena is set up pretty efficiently, and there didn't seam to be any bad seats.  The seats were a little hard, but that wasn't a big deal.  There are a lot of entrances to get to and from the concession stands and restrooms (and the restrooms are modern, clean, and large).  I didn't really expect to see so many professional sponsors, but it turns out the teams share a lot of sponsors with minor and major league teams in the QC.  Harris Teeter is a big sponsor.  I also did not expect the Chick-Fil-A blimp, which I had only seen at Checkers games.The food is reasonably priced for a sports event (no alcohol is served).  There are even vending machines where you can get sodas, Gatorade, and water for $1.50 and snacks for $1.  Parking is also free and there a lot of cool places near the campus.I probably won't make it to too many UNCC basketball games since I'm "south of the border", but I would definitely go again.  I may even check out a Winthrop game which is a little closer to home.  I am also looking forward to college football at UNCC.
4	Though UNCC has decided that they would like to build a football stadium, and eventually a team to occupy said stadium - for now, they really have only the basketball arena to satiate sports fans.  At least those sports fans who might want to watch a game.  Sorry, field hockey fans, you are currently left out in the cold.Since many out there might be wondering who Dale F. Halton actually is, you can rest assured that it is not the other Dale (that is, there is no known relation to stock car racing).  In fact, this Dale is in fact female.  She was the head of the Pepsi bottling company for many years and donated much money to the university.  Still does, I think.  So her name is on the arena.  It is as simple as that.The building itself is nice - the only downside is that it is in the middle of campus, so getting to it can be a bit of a pain.  Think over the hill and through the woods sort of adventure perhaps.  It may not be quite that bad, but it is not really the simplest route to get into a building for a basketball game.  Still, it is quite nice once you get there.  Probably worth checking out if you have not done so.
5	I have reviewed Halton previously but where is that review...  I enjoy visiting the arena to attend Jazz shows sponsored by The Jazz Diva, Tammy Greene.  The facilities are great, as are the volunteers and staff at the ticket office.  Although I typically sit in Orchestra, from all appearances, all of the seats are great.  The new stage setup (hardwoods) is quite appealing as well, and may assist with better acoustics.
5	Not JUST a basketball venue though I've seen some great 49'ers hoops here over the years.Today it was the site of the 2013 49'er graduation ceremony.Mi hijo graduated after being on the five year plan...Cum Laude no less.What a great day in a great venue.
