5	I was able to use these guys through a home warranty to do service (pumping my septic tank).  They contacted me quickly and scheduled service.  When on site Tom was able to help discuss some items regarding the septic and went above and beyond for explanation and discussion on how best to keep up the septic tank.If you need someone with prompt, courteous service this is a great business.
1	One star because I couldn't give NO STARSIt's like a WTF all over again.We called Paradise Valley wanting to have our septic pumped - no emergencies, it's just that we've lived here for 7 years and figured it needed to be done.Janet in the office schedule us for the next day, but when we called in the morning to confirm the appointment, we got the run around - it would be in the afternoon. When we called "in the afternoon" (and after no call from Janet) we got the run around again and were rescheduled to the following Monday "first thing," Janet told us. "He'll be there early, 7am."Monday morning, "first thing," at 9:30, the truck arrived. But to our surprise, the three "outlets" that we were told led to the septic were not what the driver needed to pump our tank. So we attempted to locate the tank. The drive had a water pipe type of tool that made digging into this hard earth easier - we searched for about an hour, my husband and I even digging a 3' hole - and never found the tank. The driver put a snake like tool into one of the outlets and could find nothing - his "tool" was stopped at a filter (or something, who the hell knows what's down there).After two hours of searching and digging, he called it quits and told us we needed to have their "excavation" crew out to find the tank. His visit cost us $160.We called the office and Janet put us on the schedule for the next morning - "first thing" again. "They will be out there early, about 9am."At 8:45 I called Janet and was told that the crew was someplace else and that once they were done at this job in this unknown location they'd be out to my house. (Mind you, I live north of north Scottsdale and unless you're out here, NOTHING is close by. But apparently, the people at Paradise Valley Septic have teleporters and can beem themselves to my place within 20 minutes.) Janet made her phone calls and called me back to say it would be around 2pm before her crew would be here. Yes, that's "first thing" in the morning to me too.At 1:45 I called Janet to make sure the crew was on their way. But according to her intensely accurate knowledge of their whereabouts, this magical crew was still at their secret location and after leaving there would have to stop by another secret location to get the equipment they'd need to search for my septic tank.  So I said, "so, it's going to be more like 4pm before they get here.""Oh no, they should be there shortly," she replied."Unless they are right next door to your equipment yard and that equipment yard is within a mile of my house, they're not going to be here 'shortly'."  She said she would make some more phone calls and call me back.Again, I am not in an emergency situation - which I think they like better because then they can charge more - but still. This has been going on for 3 days (5 if you count the weekend, which I won't) and as of right now, I've received no return call from Janet as to the whereabouts of her crew and since I have to leave my house at 5, I doubt this is going to happen today.And based on the above, I doubt this will happen at all.  My opinion, if you want your septic serviced, call someone else. And the so-called "great reviews" on their websites are fake. I'm calling someone else.
1	This company is a JOKE ! The office lady is a complete B****,and needs to learn customer service. The only good thing i can say about this company is the pump driver mike was on top of his job. If you need a pumping service go else where
5	Great service, good information only system and reasonable price. Will call again in 2 years.
