4	"Oh, it's very popular Ed. The sportos, the motorheads, geeks, sluts, bloods, waistoids, dweebies, dickheads - they all adore it. They think it's a righteous place."- Grace, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, remarking about BrilloboxBrillobox restores my faith that we really can just all get along. You'll find quite a mix of people here, and that's fun. Downstairs is cool, funky bar complete with red, cushy, vinyl couches. Upstairs is the live music venue/dance floor. Drinks are a fair price and there is a decent menu. Since it's not large place, it can get rather crowded late at night. More places like this would raise the hipness factor of Pittsburgh substantially.
5	BrilloBox is a really cool venue-- my t-shirt company did a trunk show here with a bunch of other designers and some DJs and it was really good times.  The staff is friendly and helpful, the clientele are very varied and interesting, and the Yuengling is free flowing.  The place was packed that evening and the mood was danceilicious, all the better for our runway models!The setting is really nice-- patterned black and silver wall-paper juxtaposes playfully with a crystal chandelier.  There are also scads of hand drawn comics adorning the top of the stairs where you enter the venue area.The food we had downstairs was good-- seemed to be high-end creative bar fare.  I had chicken and bacon quesadillas with various dipping sauces and they were yum.All in all an excellent experience-- thanks BrilloBox!
5	I like this place a lot.  I agree that you will see a diverse crowd, of a younger crowd, at least.  Great jukebox, tasty food, and good specials.  They mix things up a lot - have you ever tried a Tang Margarita?  Maybe it's time that you did.  I haven't yet made it to one of the Quiz Nights on Wednesdays, but I have heard that it is the place to be!  They also have a Drink-and-Draw event every other Tuesday with live models.
4	This bar is really well done. It is also a hipster's paradise on Penn and Main. Don't get me wrong, I love Pittsburgh but this bar feels un-Pittsburgh somehow. The interior is decorated well and I remember admiring the wallpaper last time I was there. They have that typical  old movie medley playing on the back wall as well. Hipster grad. students fill this place on a Saturday and Wed. (trivia night) and pretty much every night I've ever been there! I rarely know any of the trivia tid-bits but somehow I still enjoy it anyway. Good place to go for drinks on an off-night. Also, they have really good beers on tap (hop this hop that). Go.
4	Went here with a few friends a few Saturday nights ago, and we had a good time. I'll agree with Jessica that this bar is very un-Pittsburgh; I now reside in Chicago, and Brillobox feels a lot more like a bar you would find in Wicker Park than in the hills of the 'Burgh. Beer was pretty cheap and their appetizers (we had the nachos; a friend had the bean dip) were out of this world.After an hour we went upstairs to the dance floor and I was kind of disappointed; apparently depending on the DJ they play either sweet indie rock or a lot of electronica, and we were there on an electronica night. Still, major props for playing a Madonna remix. I got my dance on.
4	I agree with some of the posts that this is not a typical place for Pittsburgh.  I could see this being in Bucktown or Wicker Park in Chicago.  Any place that has a good beer selection and plays old 1950's commercials at the same time makes the cut in my book. The crowd is very mixed, but skews towards more hipsters than anyone else. I'd recommend giving this place a try if you haven't already.
4	This is cool little two floor bar. The first floor is a fully stocked bar, but it feels a bit more boring. It's more for lounging. The second floor is usually a venue for shows or special parties, and that bar is not fully stocked. Go downstairs if you want a special drink.The brillobox is a pretty cool place for a party. I have only been to one by VIVA radio but it was a lot of fun. If I was in the area I wouldn't hesitate to come to this dive bar.
3	my only qualm about brillobox is the music is so loud you can only pretend you know what your friends are saying. luckily, they show retro movies you can watch once you realize you don't care about your friends boring stories anyway.they also have cool dance parties upstairs full of characters i didn't know existed in pittsburgh. a bit lame that you have to pay to get upstairs, but a mere price to pay for enjoying the insane dancing going on.
3	I want to like to go to the Brillo Box.  I really do. The music, the dancing, the quirky events, the starving artist dinners.  Perhaps it's a little over-trendy, but it's not so trendy that I can't stand it.  However.  I cannot stand the smoke.  The smoke on the second floor is absolutely unacceptable.  There is terrible ventilation.  The only times I've truly enjoyed myself here have been when smoking is not allowed on the second floor.   It's so easy to fix too.
4	The bartenders make a mean Tom Collins and the cook, the best nachos I've ever had. I'd like to cover my bathroom walls with the velvet wallpaper on the second floor.
5	Still loving the Brillo Box...my tshirt design business Family Dinner for One just participated in Make Shop Rock 2 at the Box this weekend, and it was fantastic, with a great turn out!  The menu has changed since last year, and is all veg now...delicious.  My bean taquitos rocked. But the rest is the same...same great staff, same great drinks, and lots of fun.  I could do without the smoke, but I can't subtract a star for that, since the 'Burgh goes smokeless in less than a month!  Hooray for everybody's lungs!
3	I feel like we have reached a tipping point where, in calling the Brillobox a hipster hotspot, you are either a hipster yourself, or a parrot. True: A lot of the DJ Dance Parties are stocked with the over-styled, over-funded, pretentious, Pittsburgh arty elite. It's "a little bit of NYC in Pittsburgh," and we all sort of cringe when we think of that description ( I Hope!). If you love crazy dance parties and stylish posturing, stop by on any given Fri or Sat. Also true: The prices are good. The beer selection is acceptable. I may be biased because I like the magic hat brewery and I seem to remember they always have 1 or 2 of those sweet numbers on draft, but the taps are clean regardless. The cocktails are strong, and they dial up beverages inspired by Tang on the regular. The food is decent, though. I heard the menu was going all veggie, which wouldn't be a stretch for their kitchen. Every time I have eaten here, it has been delicious, flavorful, and tasted fresh & local. Go earlier to avoid the crowds. Go on a Sunday night for their $5 "starving artist" dinner (vegetarian till the food runs out) and stay for some quality brews and YouTube karaoke. Quiz night is wildly popular. Take some friends, form a team, prove your mental prowess. The happy hour specials are decent. The atmosphere is well-suited for the "artistic graduate student set." Good for a meet-up with old pals. Not a great spot to take your folks, but then, I have been trying not to go to bars with my parents lately... One small thing: if you go on a quiet night, you can sometimes play patsy cline on the juke box. This is the surest way for a bar to win my heart.
4	The hipster bar.  Dancefloor upstairs, bar with food downstairs.  Non-smoking now, so the smoking section is outside/out-front.  The dancefloor doesn't seem to get going until late, and can fill up pretty quickly for popular stuff.  The food was actually pretty tasty, and accomplishes what it sets out to do; it's an interesting and well done vegetarian fare.  It's not an out-of-the-park dining experience; the food probably wouldn't stand alone if this were a restaurant.  That said, I order the food every time I'm there, and leave a little happier than when I walked in.They started stocking Hendricks gin, which is a winner in my book.
5	rough weeks lead to over the top indulgences when need be.  when plans for friday were cancelled, and i knew one of my favorite bands was gracing the steel city with their musical explosions of happiness, i found myself staying in my car and heading east for the night.there isn't a crazy stupid thing this girl won't do for that moment of really good live music. this band, to me, is the best it gets, so i was on it like brown on rice (the healthier choice, of course).the band was playing here, so after the short impromptu road trip i met my friend downstairs in the bar before the show.  i didn't know what type of place i was headed to, but from the looks of it, i hit hipster heaven.  i'm not going to deny i've got more hipster in me than chach, so i was happy.   the people seemed friendly enough, the beer selection was good, and from the looks of it- the food spectacular (i didn't have any, it was just enough to make my mouth water and wonder).it wasn't too crowded when i arrived at 9 pm, but by 10 it was packed.  sardines packed.  if you want your space or want to eat a meal without heather hipster bumping into you, head there early.upstairs is a different vibe than downstairs, but still good nonetheless.  as far as music venues go- small.  in cleveland terms, think bela dubby with a few extra feet.  i couldn't turn my eyes away from the wallpaper.  velvety paisley happy wallpaper.  i loved it.  it gives off the vibe of and older house being converted to the cool hangout for your friends.being that it's a smaller space, it gets loud in there.  i'm practically deaf anyway, so i don't care, but plan ahead:  bring earplugs.  it was a great intimate space to see a band.  if you're in the back, head to the front.  you won't see crap from back there.  and murphy's concert law:  the tallest man imaginable will find a way to stand in front of you if you don't.  so just do it.really friendly people at this place.  great place to see some live music.  great place to see my favorite band.  and bands playing until 2 am is my idea of a great release to a bad, bad week.my friend in pitt says the youtube night is a lot of fun, as well as some of the other theme nights the bar downstairs has.  i'd love to come back and check that out.we don't have anything like this in clevo, so i was a happy camper.
5	Seriously, one of the best places I've been to in Pittsburgh. Was home for the holidays and went out with friends, and this place seriously rivals the cooler clubs I've been to in New York and Boston. It was apparently funk night, so the music was awesome, and contrary to what I had heard, I didn't get too much of a hipster vibe (which was nice). The dance floor was crowded enough to make it fun, but not so much so that you couldn't move. All in all, a great experience!
4	super duper fun. probably one of the only places in Pittsburgh that I've been wanting to return to with all my friends. its very funky and drinks are cheap. lots of very interesting cool people here. you will definitely have fun here and they have many different themed nights so you will not get bored.
1	I cant hate a building, but the people who go here are hipster trash. Ask them about global warming, they all care beacuse they rode there on bikes! Drinks are kinda expensive for how shitty the actual bar is. Downstairs is ok but if you go upstairs your gonna smell funk armpit. This place sucks. Go to Thunderbirds!
5	I touched Jeff Mangum here. Automatic 5 stars.
5	A hipster hideout in Pittsburgh! I thought I'd never live to see the day that hipsters could congregate openly and proudly in this 'tahn (town) apart from at a couple of off-color coffeeshops with miserable coffee or at the odd event at the Andy Warhol museum. But alas, about a year after I graduate college, the Brillobox opened. Upon my return visit to the 'burgh, I couldn't have been happier (or more jealous of current college kids). Brillobox presents a distinctly Pittsburgh interpretation of hipsterism that I'm in love with. Sure, it's skinny pants and odd attire and funny hats and people smoke cigarettes outside. But, the Pittsburgh part of it makes all the things you hate go away. It's clean, the people are NICE, yes - NICE, the place is well-designed for multiple experiences, and you wouldn't even mind having a whole meal there. Perfect.The downstairs bar is a really great place to chill with friends and have one of their many great beers or some other drink. It's dark, swanky, and artsy...in a good way. The upstairs is the musical performance space. When I went there, there was a hipster-come-bluegrass-rock-revival type band playing at absurdly volumes. But the crowd was into it, and it wasn't half bad either.A place like this would never fly in any other city. In SF, LA, or NY, it would be mocked for being faux-hipster, pretentious, superficial and for trying too hard. In other less urban towns, it would be mocked for being too "cool", for being for smokers and druggies and drop-outs, and for trying too hard to be something it's not. But Brillobox fits Pittsburgh like a glove - modern and urban, yet sensible and unpretentious, all at the same time. It's the reason why Pittsburgh is succeeding where other similar rust-belt cities are fading. It's why, for the first time, I can honestly say to myself, "I want to go visit Pittsburgh sometime soon!"
3	Admittedly, I was there on a Sunday. And during the Stanley Cup. Thus, there was no live music and the crowd was oddly (for me) excited about hockey. I actually would have been fine with that, but they played it with the sound on, and that was too much for me. However, it's totally cute. The decor is trying almost too hard, but the little faux black birds on cherry branches over the bar are pretty cute. It's dim and almost a dive, but with too many frills for that. But the atmosphere is good and the bartenders are better, so I was pretty pleased. Also, Sunday is vegetarian dinner night, so we had that special time. It was a marinated tofu sandwich, which was excellent. Their slaw, which I think was mostly jicama, I thought was pretty good, my friend hated it. Basically, the food was fine but not entirely satisfying.They mix a good whiskey-ginger, something that I found surprisingly hard to find in Pittsburgh. Others were way too watery and not either whiskey-y or ginger-y enough. So that was a sweet relief. Their beer options are also pretty great, and as the fantastic designated driver for the night (we are so not used to having to worry that when accustomed to train-based travel), I was entirely grateful. No, it's not like Brooklyn. But should it be? I wouldn't have thought so. I didn't go to Pittsburgh to be in Brooklyn. I could have just stayed home for that. It's full of Pittsburgh's finest hipsters, who were no more welcoming as a general crowd in Brooklyn; they were pretty much set in their own little groups and not big on new conversation. It was a Sunday, though, so it could be a little less that way and more lively on a busier night. Mustaches appear to be VERY in. But hey, to each his own. Mostly, it's cheap and kitschy and pleasant and somewhat friendly and a reassuring sight after the (yes, I can't deny it) horrible bars we had hit on Carson St the night before.I
4	Brillobox was the first bar I ever went to by myself and I met some lovely artsy folks.  They have delicious imported beer & their bar has a really comfortable atmosphere.  (There's a tree coming out of the bar!)  Upstairs they throw dance parties.  Towards the end of the night I danced my ass off with a bunch of strangers & it was so fun.  I dig the neighborhood a lot (Lawrenceville) & I hope I get to go back to Pittsburgh soon!  I never realized what a cool place it is.
3	Nice-looking mellow bar with odd videos playing on projector screens. I wouldn't go as far as call it the hipster bar of Pittsburgh but it does draw a crowd of funny-dressed people who like to talk about their latest art piece they made while going through a breakup with yet another boyfriend. Drinks are okay, the downstairs bar gets packed fast and is small, good luck finding a place to stand without getting constantly bumped. And I have not ventured upstairs.
3	I've only been here a few times.  But I never feel cool enough when I go.
4	This is one of my favorite bars in Pittsburgh. The bartenders are fantastic. Even when the bar is packed, they do a pretty good job at getting to customers as soon as they possibly can. Once the recognize you as a regular, you'll get even better service. Be prepared, though -- they make STRONG drinks.I haven't had much of their food or heard much about it, so I can't comment there. I generally enjoy the atmosphere and strong drinks as mentioned above. I also like having the option to check out the DJ/band upstairs. I like that the cover isn't paid by everyone when coming in the front door, but instead, only people interested in the actual event can go upstairs and pay the cover charge.It's been fairly hit or miss there lately as far as how crowded it is. Your best bet to get a table is to go earlier in the night (8-9 PM), though, in my experience.One last thing... I saw that someone mentioned in an older review not being able to stand the smoke at Brillobox. It's all non-smoking now, so that's no longer an issue.
5	Definitely one the best bars in Pittsburgh. It was reasonably priced, not too crazy. I have ordered beer and cocktails here and the service was okay, and the drinks were good. It gets 5 stars on decor, and crowd. It is hard to find a hipster crowd here in Pittsburgh, but its as close as it gets. Also, although the art work or videos played are somewhat obscure, they do serve as interesting  talking pieces. I haven't gone upstairs but I hear they do live music, and bet they get some decent talent. I would recommend this to many, if you are looking for a new mellow hip bar.
3	Five years ago, I'd have loved this place.  Now, I enjoy the brunches but roll my eyes inside, at the sullen service (which is still reasonably good).Their Sat & Sun brunches are beyond excellent - I recommend the Eggs Benedict, French Toast with cherries or the Breakfast Panini.  It's a little pricey, but ultimately worth it for decent food.
2	The downstairs bar is very nice and really well decorated and lit, but for whatever reason, they pump up the music to a volume that is incredibly uncomfortable, and your waiter will actually have to scream in your ear, and you in his to accomplish only a slightly correct communication.  Seriously, I'm not at a fucking rave in Ibiza and when you deafen your waitstaff, things will get messy.  The upstairs is kind of douchey.  I get that the PBR thing is to hipsters what Natural Ice is to frat boys, but I stand by my belief that there is no need to have it on draft.  Downstairs beer selection is pretty cool, but truly not worth the hassle.
5	Best bar in Pittsburgh!Great ownership, great staff. Can have great patrons too, depending on the night. I've been going here since it opened and still enjoy it from time to time. Wednesdays downstairs can be a bit unbearable because of Pub Quiz night, so get there early (before 7?) if you want to sit. The food is great and gets better all the time. (Sundays are $5 Vegetarian dinner night)Thursdays upstairs has rotating DJ nights and even if it may not be your cup of tea, its at least decent people watching. The best part is they are now SMOKE FREE!
3	Non smoking, pretentious food, waitstaff can be cold.  And for some crazy reason... they BLAST the music so loud you can't talk to a single person at your table let alone the bartender or waitstaff.  The Jukebox is okay, the seating is limited really, and occasionally there's the good band playing in the upstairs.  I would give it 2 stars but I have some really great memories.  It was awesome to go to when it first opened, I enjoyed everything about it.  Now... it's become bereft of life or light.
5	I've been here several times to see live music, and although amazingly loud, it's a good venue. Music takes place upstairs, but downstairs the bar is a little quieter and has a pretty large selection of beer including local favorites like Big Hop from the East End Brewing Company. The food here is actually awesome - nice appetizers, and locally raised, hormone free meats. The chicken sandwich with bacon and side salad was excellent. A fair number of veggie options as well. Brillobox is a non-smoking venue which raises it's appeal for me!
3	This dive bar is trendy and fun, has a good selection of brews that includes some local and craft beer, and maintains a small menu of pretty decent and reasonably-priced food.It does, however, get crowded frequently and become very warm.  Also, the hummus doesn't taste like hummus: it's so full of basil that it's rather like eating pesticide and herbs.
2	I'm torn. I want to like this place. It used to be one of my favorites. Great beer selection, I like having the option of the chill downstairs and the upstairs for concerts and dance parties, and they put on a lot of really great local acts.At the same time, the crowd kind of makes me want to go elsewhere. This place just screams trying-too-hard. It wants to be a Brooklyn hipster bar and doesn't really feel like Pittsburgh. The clientele try to look like American Apparel models and what's with no dancing at dance parties? Lamesauce.
5	This is my go-to spot when I'm visiting my hometown. I'm baffled by the negative reviews, though I'm noticing that most of them consist of local hipster-hating and out of towners noting that it isn't cool enough.The place has great beer, incredible staff, and ownership that truly cares about the creative community. The drinks are affordable and strong, the jukebox is loaded, and a lot of great people meet there. It's crowded on some weekends, like many bars are, but I can't hold popularity against a local and successful small business that makes it a priority to treat staff and customers in a respectable manner.There's nothing about the place that's trying to be anything else-- it was the first of its kind in the city and built a committed clientele.  And I deeply appreciate any place that has good booze, good people, and plays the Steelers game.
5	I've been to the Brillobox on two occasions, both under very different circumstances and at opposite times of the day.The first occasion:I was here on a weekend night, attending a show my boyfriend's band was performing in. Being, the stereotypical "groupie girlfriend", I was exiled to mingle among the peons (err, "crowd", that is) while my boyfriend and his bandmates set up the stage with the other bands.The space upstairs where the show was held is wonderful. The decor is enough to keep one's eye consistently entertained, the beer selection is on point, and the sound fills up the entire room without being overbearingly loud. In addition, it was fairly empty for a weekend night, thus making it easier to order libations, talk without screaming, and not have to fight through a sea of sweaty bros. The staff also seems very laissez-faire when it comes to operating the venue, a welcome change from the uptight and anal doormen I know oh-so-well from DC and New York bars.The second occasion:In a sheer act of desperation, my boyfriend and I (sorry to be that Yelper that always writes "my boyfriend and I") came here on a late Sunday afternoon for brunch. Since I had been here for a show, I certainly wasn't expecting their brunch to be anything decent, as I know from experience that venues tend not to have the greatest food.Oh, how wrong I was. And wonderfully so!I ordered the Farmhouse French Toast, quite possibly one of the best french toasts I've ever had. (Coming from a self-proclaimed french toast connoisseur, that says a lot.) The venue was completely empty, save for a small group of diners who may or may not have worked there. Unlike most french toasts, the bread was not an eggy, fluffy challah bread, but rather a thick slab of country seed loaf. Also unlike any french toast I've ever had, it was smothered in warm, dripping peanut butter and agave nectar, topped with a thin layer of apple compote. First off, peanut butter and apples go together like Thelma and Louise. Second off, WARM PEANUT BUTTER ON FRENCH TOAST?! Simple as it may be, whoever came up with this is brilliant. The slices were toasted - thus crisp and crunchy on the outside, but soft on the inside. The agave nectar was the perfect sweetener to this dish without being disgustingly sweet (as many maple syrups tend to be).To top off our last-minute brunch savior, the service was excellent. There was an amazing stop-motion claymation video playing on the projector, which I kindly asked the waitstaff about. They didn't seem to know who it was, but returned moments later with the DVD and information about the director. That's some pretty badass service.While many complain about the obnoxious American Apparel hipsters that frequent Brillo, I didn't have any issues with the clientele. So long as they stay within their plastered-on skinny jeans and keep to their unhygienic selves, I really don't care.
3	came in for New Years Eve.$8 cover = not bad.well drink = not that strong.music = mildly sucky.light show = reminiscent of jennifer lopez's "waiting for tonight" video about the 2000 new years.temperature = near 1000 degrees.  i waited in line for the bathroom for about ten minutes just so i could take off my tights.bartenders = sometimes attentive, sometimes more concerned with maintaining the cleanliness of the bar.
5	When I went for my review on a Thursday night I tried my best to keep other's comments about the place from skewing my own opinions. The first thing I noticed entering the Brillo Box was its unique decor. Dim lighting, old school Merry Melodies cartoons playing on the TVs, and strange unrelated relics and trinkets displayed behind the bar kept me mesmerized. It's sensory overload, but by all means I don't mean that in a negative way. I felt like I was in some strange world far away from Pittsburgh. I usually find this sort of funky decor to be a distraction and a gimmick, but in the case of the Brillo Box it works.One complaint I'd heard before my review was that Brillo Box was a hipster-only scene. Though there was a good number of people that one may classify as hipsters, everyone I met while drinking at the downstairs bar was friendly and extremely welcoming. To be honest, Brillo Box might be the friendliest bar I've been to in Pittsburgh. Within five minutes of sitting down with a pint of Dale's Pale Ale in my hand a group at the corner of the bar had already struck up a conversation with me. Furthermore, the bartenders are cordial too. They have in-depth knowledge of the beers they sell (a good number of micro-brews) and never hesitated from striking up conversations with the patrons. One bartender even gave me two of their latest micro brew drafts and put it on the bars tab.The prices here are pretty expensive for Pittsburgh standards (I live in San Francisco now and the brillobox would be considered cheap here). I chose from the plethora of draft beers and each was around $5. The man sitting next to me was drinking Patron Margaritas (4 Shots) for $16.50 a pop. The cheapest beers on special that night was Straub and Miller Lite bottles for around $3.As I was sitting at the downstairs bar I kept hearing talk about a DJ and dance party going on upstairs. Now I don't really like to dance (probably because I really suck at it) so I usually stay away from the DJ dance party scene, but since I was here for a review I thought I might as well head up and check it out. I'm glad I did because it really was a pleasant surprise. After paying the $4 cover, which was pretty bush-league for Pittsburgh (great deal in SF), I entered to see that the place was really bumping for a Thursday night. The dance floor was pretty good size along with a small bar near the back for dancers to re-fuel. The DJ was set up on the stage in front beneath a large projection screen showing intriguing videos somehow related to the music playing. Mind you, by that time I was pretty ripped so I have a hard time remembering if the videos were actual music videos or something else. The DJ was mixing rap with indie rock and a whole bunch of other genres I wasn't really familiar with but everyone else seemed to know.Even upstairs on the dance floor, Brillo Box's friendly atmosphere shined on. I was merely satisfied to stand at the side and watch everyone else dance around making fools of themselves, but a group of young ladies pulled me out to the dance floor and after much pleading finally got me to dance. And the best part of it was they only laughed a little at how bad I was.I ended up really enjoying the time I spent reviewing the Brillo Box, so much in fact that I will definitely be back. The friendliness of the patrons and staff mixed with a good beer selection gets great marks in my book. The decor might be a little over the top, but it really was a nice change of pace and something you don't see every day in the Pittsburgh bar scene.
4	It's a great place to run into people you might know. I am sad they don't have the tangurittas anymore. Good selection of local beers but not cheap. Food is great. The MAC and cheese is awesome. And the fittest.
4	Hmm...still not my favorite, but I think it has improved (It just depends on the night). If I could give it a 3.5, I'd probably go with that. Yes, there are sometimes dance parties where people are too cool to dance but I've always had a great time during Hot Mess and I spent New Years at Brillo (which was perhaps the best New Years ever...they brought in all of the DJs from the biggest dance parties in Pittsburgh). Also, I like the downstairs bar and hadn't really spent much time down there before. The bartenders are great. They pour really really strong (be forewarned) and its cheap. They also have Bulleit which makes me a happy camper and the beer selection is still good.
4	It's not a dive bar, it's not a total hipster lounge.. rather this place rests on the inbetween, and I love inbetweens! Music lovers seem to consider this place somewhat of a staple, and I can't blame them. Among great stiff drinks (how I like them), this place has some very intersting foodie options. I was definitely taken aback at my first glace of the food menu. There were several items I would have never expected to have seen just by judging from the outside.
1	if i had to explain it to you, you wouldn't even understand.
5	I had one of my best nights ever at Brillobox.  I don't live in the Burgh, but I will make a point to return here in the future.  The band was great, the sound was good, we got hammered and made friends, we ate, we didn't spend a ton of money.  This place has a nice, chill vibe and they seem to bring in and allow for uniqueness in their live music acts.
4	Hip joint, full of cool kids and good beers, I wouldn't recommend to anyone who wants a quiet drink or a chill setting for a square - but if you're young and wearing plaid with an appreciation for canned american pilsner, then right on.
3	As a brunch connoisseur I was surprised this place managed to sneak under my radar ( I always just thought it was a hipster music venue). We went here on Sunday for some bloody marys and brunch.  I got the B-Box scramble which was good but not awesome. It wasn't sure if it was missing something or overloaded with something. I was hungry though so I ate it up! Bloody mary was good but a bit olive juice heavy for my taste. PROS: CHEAP $8 entrees and $4 bloody marys, wild decoration, friendly service, bars that serve breakfast are always a plusCONS: Food was decent not amazing.
4	Brillobox Brillobox, let me count the ways! 4 stars overall 3 stars for my Birthday night!For my birthday celebration I decided to come see my friends in action from Boston at the Big Hurry CD release party. J and I arrived before the upstairs band room had opened for my Jersey Shore themed Bday bash! I was Snookin' for a good brawling time! I had my cupcake carousel in tow and a Birthday Tiara sparkling! I have to say that I like to schnook about and this hipster haven wasn't vibing with my goofy Jersyness. Hey it makes me laugh and honestly who cares that much? I'll tell you... hipsters surely do with their piercing snarky looks! Luckily I could give a damn and I did what I do best and focused on my FUN!I have frequented the Brillobox many a night and I have to say I always have a boppin' time. Come on, Pandemic dance party! Super FUN! So to get back to it, they let us go in before the crowd because of meeting with my band friends and the platter I had on me. However very grudgingly I must add.I really dislike that there is no seating whatsoever. Lame! I was put in the corner of the bar all cramped and the bartender just wasn't very friendly about my cupcakes at all. They bar wasn't set up and we were fine waiting but when the time came to serve, he ignored us! We waited forever and he clearly knew we were there first! NO problem! I sweetened him up with a mini cupcake and he warmed up and gave me a free drink. Maybe he even flashed me a smile after that. The event sold out and you couldn't move at all. The band was ON, I danced and drank, met new friends and had a great Par tay experience. One thing that did suck was that the show sold out so quick so some friends that I had invited couldn't get in. The early bird catches the scenester I guessOn a side note, J had come to visit me from Cbus and this is where I planned our first date, watching some live music, sitting in a booth talking and laughing makes a fine lighthearted, low pressure 1st rendezvous!
5	The many reasons I like brillobox (despite its hipness), in no particular order:- I always, and I do mean always, meet interesting quality people there. My group of friends consists mostly of smart, funny, and all-around rad people that I've shared a booth with at brillobox.- They make a brilliant martini (sorry for the weird Britishism, but drinking their martinis somehow really does make me feel a little smarter and sassier) and at $5.50 they're a steal.- The bartenders are friendly no matter how busy it gets. Go in there on a Friday or Saturday night and you won't find harder working drink slingers anywhere in the city. There's usually only two people manning the bar, but considering how packed it gets sometimes, the wait is pretty short.- Their frites ($6) are shoestring style and awesome; they come with curry ketchup, garlic aioli and chipotle mayo. - The rest of their menu is well-priced pub-grub and the kitchen serves until 11. - The upstairs dance floor and adjoining bar sometimes have a cover for live bands or djs, but it's generally reasonable and on occasion their dance party themes are pure magic (Sweet Lovely Death: A 1970's punk dj dance party, I'm lookin' at you). - The atmosphere is relaxed. There are a handful of giant gawdy paintings that are truly ugly, but they're balanced out by bright-red wallpaper and cute dim lamps that create a mellow ambiance and make it look sort of like someone's fashionable Godmother died and left them all her stuff.- Their beer selection is humongous. So, I guess when I die I'll have to haunt brillobox, but there are worse ways to spend eternity.
4	Great atmosphere, drinks and staff make this watering hole set up by refugees from New York one of the best bars in Pittsburgh. The downstairs is the main bar area. It's a nice layout that get redecorated fairly regularly. Only drawback is that it can get really crowded on Pub night (Wednesdays) and  weekends. On weeknights, you can usually get a seat at the bar or in a booth. Even when it's busy, though, the bar staff is quick with your order. Brian is an amazing bar tender. Maybe second only to Tim over at Gooski's. They also have a good brunch on Sundays that is open 12pm until late into the afternoon. Upstairs is basically a variety hour. You can stumble upon almost any kind of music there. A week after seeing the Cults play a 4,000 person venue in Amsterdam from a balcony,  I saw them on Wednesday one person back in the upstairs in Brillo ($8!). Amazing.
4	Great place for peaceful drinks on the 1st floor.Great place for fun dancing on the 2nd floor.Fun crowd and really good music on most of the nights.
4	Awesome hipster vibe that's reminiscent of something you would find in New York or Chicago. Great vegetarian options and has super nice service. It can get busy at times, so be prepared to stand for a bit before a table opens up.
5	This is by far my favorite bar in Pittsburgh. The staff are unquestionably the best staff at any bar I have ever been to. They are approachable, fast, pour strong drinks, and above all they are extremely patient and courteous.The drinks are cheap, and well made. The food is great. The upstairs works nicely as a show space and dance floor, and actually has a good sound system (a rarity for sure in Pittsburgh). As an added bonus, it's non-smoking.Don't ever change, Brillo.
4	The Brillo Box has been reborn after a previous life as the dive bar Nooner's and sits in 100% Lawrenceville, atop the hill across the street from the new children's hospital.The vibe is pure hipster with lots of beards and ink. Stay away if you don't like loud music, but the staff and clientele are friendly. Most of the interior decorating serves as great conversation pieces. We didn't eat but I look a look at the eclectic menu. Options included everything from Vietnamese to nachos to hummus to wings.They have a pretty impressive collection of "Big Ass Bottles" including Hoptimum and good Belgians. Draft list featured some local stuff from Penn and the Church as well as GL Dortmunder, Moylans IPA, Maudite. Aside from the fun atmosphere, what I liked best about the Brillo Box was the draft serving size. As bars everywhere raise prices while at the same time shrinking the glass, here I got a Great Divide Espresso Yeti in a "pint" glass. That plus a Moylans IPA and a coke was $12.50. Love it.
4	Brillobox is many different things. On any given night it can be a bar, a restaurant, a dance club, a venue, a movie theater, or just a hipster-watching mecca. Some nights, maybe most nights, it is all of these at once. The bar/restaurant portion of Brillobox offers mostly standard fare for this type of bar in the area. A decent draft beer selection that changes regularly at OK($6ish) prices, a food menu of slightly upscale pub grub(French Fries? Sorry, we only have 'Pomme Frites') - Appetizers in the $6-10 range, entrees in the $9-14 range, and a large liquor selection with some cool additions at times(Can't wait to see another vessel of pineapple infused tequila grace the shelves). To me the bartenders are friendly in general, as long as you don't waste their time, and they'll generally pour a stronger drink. The downside is that the best I can say about the food is that it is inconsistent - sometimes wonderful and sometimes bland. Also, the bar can get packed at times so don't always expect to get a seat. At a certain point in the night(8 or earlier), they card everyone at the door, so minors be aware.Every Wednesday they have a Trivia night around 9pm that features a wide range of questions, including a video round and a name-that-song round. The trivia questions are usually well thought out - difficult, but not impossible with a diverse group(6 or less), and third through first competes for a free appetizer, a $10 gift card, and a $25 gift card, respectively. Ties are settled by arm wrestling.Every Sunday at 6pm they have a $6 vegetarian dinner special that goes 'until they run out'. I have yet to attend this, but it is high on my list of to-dos. They also serve a brunch on Saturday and Sunday which I have not been to, and many other events throughout the week.The venue/dance club portion of the Brillobox is upstairs and depending on the night usually opens around 8 or 9, and there is usually a cover to get in. There is no seating up here save for one vinyl booth, and table space is limited, so get there early if you need either one of those things. The upstairs is small, narrow, and loud, and tends to get packed, so if you aren't looking for a party, then don't bother coming up and paying the cover just to be miserable. On the bright side, if that is your kind of thing, then a dance party night is definitely a place to be. Shows here tend to be decent, and are always 21+. There is also a smaller bar up here.The crowd is filled with the hipsters of Bloomfield, Lawrenceville and the Garfield Arts District, but I've never noticed much elitism among their ranks.  The music mostly caters to them - sometimes it has substance, sometimes it doesn't. If it's a dance party, you can't and shouldn't, ask for much.In general, Brillobox offers a pretty fun time for almost any kind of night you're looking for
4	Brillobox is like Kelly's, taken to the extreme. Whereas Kelly's is hipster, in the "let's drink good beer and include everyone and play indie music" sense, Brillobox is "let's drink good beer and play music no one's ever heard of." Whereas Kelly's has normal mac and cheese, Brillobox makes theirs with nacho cheese.Brillobox is admittedly over the top, but I love it. It's a small, intimiate atmosphere, and the music is great. Trivia is really the best reason to come though - it's hard, and the teams get really into it. FInally, drink prices are reasonable, and they will actually come to your table (if you can snag one) to bring you your food.
4	I've only been for shows, not food.  The venue has cool wallpaper and I like the window behind the band.  Very cozy.  I've been for a few post-rock shows, and once for an indie-pop band.  All good shows.My biggest pet peeve with this venue is how difficult it is to hold a front row spot, even if you get there at doors and stand there the entire time.  I know this can happen anywhere, but it seems worse at the Brillobox because (1) the stage is less than a foot off the floor, so you can't hold your ground by leaning on it; and (2) the band needs to walk through the crowd to get on stage, opening up more possibilities for people to push you back.  Very annoying when you're only 5' tall and genuinely need that spot to see anything.  At the last show, the guy next to me actually put his foot up on the stage, but even he lost his spot between sets.Aside from that, everyone else seems cool enough.  I've chatted with a few random folks, and they were all very nice.  And once the music starts, the between-sets annoyance wears off quickly.  Overall, I've really enjoyed all the shows I attended there.  And of course, if you're just there for a dance party, it's all good :D.  The one indie-pop show I attended was a lot of fun.
2	Oh, Brillobox.  Normally, I enjoy your Wednesday night pub trivia.  We've never cracked the top three, and I've learned to ignore how long it takes you to grade the two rounds.  You have a great beer selection, a good crowd and really challenging trivia.   The beer and the atmosphere typically make up for your slow service and limited and overpriced menu but last night your customer service really turned me off!!An accountant, especially a stone-cold sober accountant, looks at her bill.  When I questioned the extra beer on my bill ($5.15) instead of giving me attitude, throwing the disputed cash on the bar, making a scene and making me feel guilty, you should have just said sorry about the mix-up and credited my card.  Your error was understandable given that there were only two bartenders/waiters on a crowded night but the way you treated me was not.   I won't be recommending you anytime soon.
4	Hipsters come here for drinks and nourishment. They also groove to cool music upstairs and occasionally have concerts in between looking at themselves in the mirror. The best part about the hipsters in Pittsburgh? They are real hipsters. Not these fake 20 something babies flitting around in expensive clothes....no. Honest to goodness hipsters go here. So, if you like to dance with boys in tighter jeans than your own, you're in luck. Brillo will provide just that, and cheap beer! Go get one now. They're waiting...
4	Brillobox is a great little bar across the street from the beautiful new Children's Hospital in Lawrenceville.  They have a garage-door style front wall that opens up to the street.  I've been here a bunch of times and always enjoy their excellent beer selection.  They've got about 15 taps that are constantly changing.  I don't think they order much of each beer, because it's always a completely different selection every time you go.  If you love changing seasonal beers like I do, it offers a great opportunity to sample seasonals from breweries from all over the country.  Both the bartenders and servers are very knowledgeable about the beer.  They're great at describing the choices and making suggestions.There food is pretty tasty.  I've only had apps, but the wings and hummus and fries are good.There's only 2 bad things I can say about Brillobox:  they don't open until 5:00pm and they're not open on Mondays.Brillobox is a great neighborhood bar with a particular focus on excellent beer.  It is another example of the amazing Renaissance that has taken place in Lawrenceville over the last few years.
5	This place was maybe my favorite stop in Pittsburgh.  Cool atmosphere, wish I'd have been able to make a show here.Got the Bahn Mi, and for a mayo-hater like me they offered to replace with some straight Sriracha.  Awfully nice.  Also, the folks needed our table for the DJ and so they comped us our drinks for the "hassle" (really wasn't an issue).  Would absolutely go back, next time would make it a point to hit a show.
4	So Brillobox Oh Brillobox. This is my go to bar after a night of work. Its generally always busy. The decor is amazing. As far as the staff goes they're nice but nothing too special about them going on. I have eaten at Brillobox for Brunch/Lunch on Saturday. Its very mellow and definitely a nice atmosphere if you're looking to have a quiet meal in the middle of the day.As far as the food goes I've had a few items.Hummus: Okay...its Hummus what do you expect?Monte Cristo: Delicious but if you don't like sweet things I would pass. French Toast Ham Cheese Maple Syrup and a few other things. Nums!BOO THEY TOOK IT OFF Sept 21. 2011Italian Breakfast (BRUNCH/LUNCH): Same goes for this item if you don't like sweet things...and this I mean is verrrry sweet. Then pass and get a more savory item. BOO THEY TOOK IT OFF Sept 21.2011Northern Barbeque Pork: I had huge hopes for this sandwich but alas no flavour whatsoever. PASS!Nachos: DEeelicious.
4	Went out to Brillobox on Friday night for the first time, and I had a good time! There was an excellent selection of beers, both on draft and bottled. The drinks were reasonably priced, and my mojito was delicious and extra strong. My party also got some french fries that were damn delicious. I'm serious. Probably the best fries I've had in a while. I think they had some kind of curry/garlic seasoning? And there were three delicious dipping sauces.Next time I want to go for food because the menu was veg friendly and looked delicious.
5	What can I say, I LOVE this place! The bartenders are friendly, fun and really know their stuff when it comes to the beers that they serve. If it's not the game, it's quiz night, if it's not quiz night it's a concert upstairs. There is always something going on which keeps everything fresh and new. I have also tried some of their menu items and have never been disappointed! Great atmosphere, super fun and fantastic people!
5	Everytime I go into Brillobox it gets better and better...I even like the bartenders a little more than usual. Great events and fun people. Definitelty my favorite neighborhood bar.
4	This is one of my favorite bars in the city, but I choose to go other places when I'm trying to meet up for a chat (it can get REALLY loud here, even for a bar) or on a night where there's a really crowded event.The bartenders are friendly but sometimes don't talk to you at all, from my experiences. Sometimes they're up for a chat or recommendation, sometimes not at all. One night I tried to order a beer and was told "we're all out of that one" and walked away and came back 5min later to ask me what I wanted. Kind of weird. I've seen them throw hissy fits behind the bar when things go wrong or someone makes a mistake. Um, okay.The beer selection is amazing, always good local crafts and seasonals on. Pretty affordable and what I would recommend. I've had some good cocktails here too, but I always think of it as more of a beer bar.Wednesday night trivia is very fun but expect a full night out for it - you have to get there early to get a seat/bar/table space and you will be there for a long time, so grab some beers and those amazing fries with the dipping sauces.The venue space is also really cool, and the dance parties and live music events upstairs generally turn out to be a fun, packed crowd of people.
4	Great beer selection, good prices, fun neighborhood, beards, and drag shows.  Sold.  If I lived in Pittsburgh I'd frequent this place.
4	Since my first review I've found the volume to be a lot better, but it still depends on the night. Brillo is good on the weekends, but GREAT for weeknight drinks.I liked when we asked the doorman if upstairs was crowded and he shrugged his shoulders. I mean if there's one person in the entire place that would know, it's this guy. And we weren't looking for an exact number - Honestly he could have just lied, but the fact he didn't say anything was lame.. but also kind of awesome.
3	Usually I like the set up of the place, the interior tree branches and lights decorating the bar.  This time I found the paintings/photos they chose to display to be creepy and they definitely went overboard with the santa decorations and christmas ornaments.  Which might be a plus to others.  I honestly don't know where hipsters come from, but they seem to congregate here.. if you're looking to mingle with any this is the place to come.  as is much of bloomfield and lawrenceville.  My friend was playing oldies songs at brillobox on a sunday night and we ordered a few appetizers and many drinks throughout the night.  Sometimes the bartender is extremely busy and alone which sucks.  They have a great selection of beers and I felt lame ordering a yuengling so that I could stay within my budget.  They also had the church brew works on special for 3 bucks.  On sundays they have a vegetarian dinner for six dollars, most recently it was saag aloo.  They have a korean bbq sauce which isn't authentic by the least and is way too salty.  Their menu is eclectic and includes vietnamese bahn mi along with other dishes.  I would order their fries which are a well seasoned huge portion if you just want something to snack on while drinking beer and cocktails.  I'll probably edit this review as I frequent this place more often, some of my friends live a minute walking distance from here.  It is a fun place to hang out and talk with friends.
1	Friday night and there are children (5-7 year olds!) running around, we ask the bartenders about this, and they say there is nothing they can do- it's up to the owners.Obviously it's the parent's extremely bad decision (plus lack of enforcement? aren't there door guys to check id?) , but just beware- you could come in for an after work drink, and feel like you are in the middle of a daycare. And no one will care (except you!).
4	Dined w/ a few friends early one Sat night so the place got progressively packed as the hours went past. While I hadn't heard much about Brillobox's food, I have to say their spicy black bean nachos, generous portioned house salad, and thick well-seasoned burger w/ local cheddar were all very, very tasty. Food was served quickly and hot.Draft beer selection is ample and includes local favs from Church Brew Works, East End Brewing, and occasional Full Pint selections as well as Breckenridge, Anchor Steam, Victory, and Guinness offerings to name a few. I may have to go back soon just to try a freshly muddled Old Fashioned w/ cherries and oranges and raw turbine sugar. It really looked delish and as soon as patrons observed the preparation, everyone had to try one.  I was already full-on beer committed and not willing to test the old "beer before liquor" adage or I would have stepped in line for one of those whiskey heavens.But the real delight about Brillobox is the outstanding service from all staff. The bartenders also act as wait staff and do a super job of making sure glasses are full and customers are happy. Table service does end at 9pm. The upstairs area also offers an intimate (read: small) space for live shows from some local and national indy acts. Listings are in the City Paper.Ladies room was small but neat and well stocked.
4	Solid brunch. The seven of us trickled in slowly but surely after a long previous evening and made our first orders. Some went with Guinness, I tried to order a Bloody but they were having to search for a key ingredient so I opted for a Breckenridge Vanilla Porter instead (get one when you see it, they're deeeelish).Food menu for brunch is limited, but what we had we all loved. I went with the chicken hash which is really more like an open-faced pot pie or a Shepherd's pie without the mashed potatoes, and is served on croissant halves. It was about as decadent as it sounds, yes. My friend's blackberry French toast was ridiculous (more tart than sweet) and the guys that ordered the salmon omelette were all very pleased, especially with the cumin on the potatoes. Good call, Brillobox.I hear it's loaded with hipsters as night falls, but this particular Sunday it was wide open and sparsely populated. The bartender was also the server and was just busy enough to cause delays and empty glasses, but it was nothing we couldn't get over with another round of drinks.
4	What a night of serendipity, surreality, and pop culture. Andy Warhol, eat your heart out. On a pitstop between Detroit and D.C., my copilot (no, not God, though my best bud is really awesome) and I swung by Pittsburgh for some grub. We ended up at the Brillobox because hey, where else can you get half-decent food late at night besides a hipsterish bar? I'm a huge sucker for the decor here - it's a mishmash of a bunch of different aesthetics (contemporary, kitschy, antique) and everything ends up feeling warm, inviting, and even a touch magical. The gigantic open-in-warm-weather store front doesn't hurt either. The crowd was mostly in their 30s - hip but not rocker - more like geeky tech and graphic design industry people. That and so many attractive queer women I almost forgot to eat the meal in front of me (my eyes were feasting elsewhere?). Their presence, I found out later, was probably due to Sharon Needles promo celebration something-something that ended up happening while we were there. Good timing!The bartender was pretty brusk but efficient. I love no-bullsh*t attitudes but I don't really love you're-not-human attitudes. This guy really teetered on the border. Decent selection of beer. I had something local and tasty.Food was ok. Overpriced for what it was. The buffalo wings are where it's at. Ate those suckers up. The spicy udon vegetable soup was really heavy on the bouillon and really tomatoey. Other than that, it was fairly bland. The chorizo tacos were good, albeit a little dry.I liked the tables and booths - and though it was packed, a couple shared their huge table with us. I get the sense people in here are pretty open and generally friendly.Three 1/2 stars in all. Rounded up to four because I'm stealing some interior design moves from these guys.
4	Pretty chill evening drinking spot for the hip crowd. A little expensive for Pittsburgh. Amazing french fries. Friendly bar staff. Interesting cocktails and a wide selection of brews. Nice big projector screen for weird movies and (sigh) sports when the PGH teams are on. Haven't been upstairs but I guess they have dance parties too. Would happily return again here, we even found an open booth on a Saturday night. I love Pittsburgh.
4	I'm partial to this place because I met my wonderful boyfriend there, but this place is awesome!I love the selection of beers.  I can't say much about the food because I haven't tried it!  As a bar, however, I highly recommend it!Interesting people, cool interior, and when it's warm out they raise the garage door to get that outside/inside feel!Try it out!=)
3	First, a few things you should know about Brillobox. Conveniently situated at the corner of Penn and Main, it was once called Nooners, and then Zooty's. Both were safe havens for morning drunks, pitstops for killing time on the way to the methadone clinic, and hangouts for sightings of the infamous Lawrenceville sweatpants hookers who were shabby-chic in the way that your creepy Uncle Lou's basement gameroom is.But in late 2005, the '224 started blowing up in a big way, and a New York couple bought the bar and converted it to our beloved Brillo. From that point on, it was destined to evolve into the libations palace for grad students, UPMC pediatric surgery residents, and 1890s moustache fetishists that you know and love today.Along the way, Brillobox went through an all-too-brief adolescence that was equal parts awkward and beautiful. Notable patrons from its 2006-2008 era included tap pants-clad American Apparel employees en route to the Greenpoint lofts they'd bought with Daddy's money, 30-somethings who preached the importance of tolerance and diversity as they strove hard to shut down Brian & Cooper's Mini Mart because it brought black people into Friendship, and a motley crew of aspiring Rimbauds, Kerouacs, and Burroughses. That last group was alcoholic. Very, very alcoholic. And they smoked like chimneys and they danced like fiends, and they gave that place character, goddamit!Then, in the dawn of the 2010s, Brillo made its final push toward adulthood, and as all emerging adults do, it made a few bold gestures to demonstrate that it had finally arrived. First, an all-vegetarian menu, designed to delight the meatless denziens of Penn Avenue. Secondly, a smoking ban, to win the approval of yoga-loving bike nuts and stay in compliance with new state laws. And finally, a remodel, enabling the front windows to open in the summer so the sweet sounds of Goldfrapp could be heard as far away as the DaVita Dialysis Clinic.Now, Brillo's okay. It has a vast beer selection if you love beer. The bartenders still mix the drinks strong, and the service is decent, if a little slow when the place is packed. On weekends, the downstairs room can get loud and crowded, and if you arrive after 9 PM, you probably won't be sitting. But in its evolution from burnout wino bar to upscale microbrew pub, it lost a bunch of character along the way that probably won't be coming back (although the meat has made a triumphant return to the menu).
4	this is a place i've been hearing about since before i even moved into pittsburgh. now, i've only been here once, but i'm definitely eager to go back and try some more different kind of drinks and the food! i'm a fan of smaller bars, so i liked the size of the place but it made it extremely crowded and i think  we were pretty lucky to get a seat when we got there. i'm a fan of the vibe though and the bartenders were really nice.
4	The place was cool, the beer list was long and had some good pics, my husband got a great mixed drink (margarita with a coronita).  We didn't eat but the food list had a ton of vegetarian foods that looked (and smelled) awesome as people around us got food.  We'll definitely be going back for food and drinks.
2	The Brillobox is generally a good place to go if you want to see a live Pittsburgh band or if you want to go to a drag show. It is very smelly on the second floor and it is by far one of the dirtier bars/restaraunts that I've been to in the city. Sometimes when you walk into even the first floor of the bar you can smell a strong scent of body odor and rankness. Some of the bartenders are very nice and a few of them are extremely rude. The food is mediocre at best and it honestly isn't worth spending your money on. The bar's decor is interesting as there is a lot of local Pittsburgh artwork hung on the walls. The crowd that generally populates this bar is lowbrow hipsters, artists, and musician types. You can count on about half of the people in the bar being gay on any given day. This is nice if you have a gay friend because there is an even chance of both of you meeting someone. The prices (for drinks) are about average. Not super cheap but not overly expensive. Their selection for beers and drinks is decent but not awesome.
3	I visited Brillobox for my second time a couple weeks back. My friend and I were on a monster road trip and we stopped in for dinner on one of our nights in town. We got there around 9:30-10 and walked into a night of pub quiz. We did not participate, but the music they were playing along with it was pretty great ("Gilrs on Film" by Duran Duran and "Cool It Now" by New Edition are 2 examples). I had a pretty tasty hamburger and my friend had the bbq beef. Hw seemed happy with it. The waiter was attentive and we had a 2nd round of drinks pretty quickly. I'm particularly fond of the decor of the bar, all red, flocked wallpaper and ravens here and there. The first time I went, it was much less crowded and I was able to get a cushy booth. This time, it was bar stools, which was fine.The crowd was a bit younger and more hipster than I remembered. This isn't a judgement or points against the place, just an observation. All in all, I'd recommend Brillobox. The food is tasty and pretty cheap, the atmosphere is groovy, and the crowd is fairly accomodating.
4	It's been a REALLY long time since I've visited the Brillobox. Therefor, I felt like I needed another visit to justify a review. I have heard the mixed reviews about the food and environment for a while, but considering I had only hung out in the upstairs for a DJ set long long ago, I really wanted to try the food.We bellied up to the bar and grabbed a delicious seasonal brew, Great Lakes Red Ale... they have a mega list of brews that makes me happy! But it makes me extra happy to see seasonal brews on the list as well! What I do remember was how delicious my grilled cheese and tomato soup was! It wasn't just your plain old grilled cheese... it was a delicious gourmet treat! Ooey gooey Gouda cheese, tomato and caramelized onions. Yumm-o! I was in cheesy heaven! I wasn't sure about the tomato soup because it had fennel in it. I'm not a big fan of fennel, but the more and more I kept digging in, the more I liked it! It was the perfect accent to the already delicious meal!Of course there's your requisite judgmental hipster crowd, but I ignored it and enjoyed my amazing meal and tasty beer. The hipsters can have their ultra dive bars, but I want to share this one!
2	Ambiance-wise, this place nails it and plays with being quirky, which is awesome in Pittsburgh, where you either have dives or places that try to hard to be what they think  a bar must be like in LA or NYC.However, this can't say the fact that the bartenders have never been friendly, the food odd and the servers seem very disinterested in serving.To be fair, I've never been there on an event night or upstairs.
4	After dinner, I came here with my friends one night for drinks. We grabbed a booth and just enjoyed good conversation and the atmosphere.I really liked this place. They had a nice selection of beers and had mixed drinks and liquor as well. The music was good and it wasn't too terribly crowded.We went on a night where there wasn't an event going on here so our waitress was on point. She came by to refill our drinks and was just really on top of things.I really like the ambiance of this bar and would probably come back again.
4	When I was drinking some sort of alcoholic apple cider all night I knew this place was differentAs soon as you walk in you might be a little taken back by your weir surroundings but take it in and revel in the fact that you are the best dressed person there.  I would highly recommend going to see a show just google the bands before hand and see if you like them.  The bands we saw were right up my alley and the last band playing wolf parade really made the whole night for me.If your worried about hipsters I would say HEY QUITCHA WORRYING cause most of them were really nice.  Once after taking a break from the concert I walked back upstairs and showed the girl my mark to let them know I already payed.  She gave me the "oh isn't that cute he wants to be nice" look and I thought it was funny.  Also the bouncers remember you were already there if you step outside.  Overall I like good music but don't wear flannel everyday and I still felt welcome at this bar because of all the friendly people. Don't let it's hipster reputation stop you from checking this place out.
5	Let us talk about the food and drink at this place.  Everyone seems to have covered the aesthetic aspect of this place, so I really shouldn't even waste any time on that in this review.I was hungry, I mean really hungry and just decided to check my Yelp app for nearby places and Brillo popped up.  Scanned their menu and decided this was were I was going to satisfy that hunger in me.  The menu is short but they seem to cover a fair amount of area when it comes to quick bites.  I was going back and forth between the gourmet grilled cheese and the Brilloburger.  Of course, being the burger fan I am I opted for the Brilloburger.  I was quite excited because you got to pick the cheese you wanted on it (at no extra cost).  You also get the option to have either potato chips or a mixed green salad, I opted for the mixed green salad.When the burger came out, my jaw dropped.  Good thing it did, because is was huge.  So huge it was necessary to cut it in half to devour it.  I swear they make their own buns there, if not they get them locally and fresh daily.  They lightly toast the bun before loading it with that amazing patty of beef.  The burger had to have been a half pounder, juicy and thick (cooked to order).  Lettuce, tomato and red onions top it.  I opted for the smoked Gouda cheese which gave it that extra flavor of goodness.  Thank god for the extra napkins supplied, they were definitely needed.  I'm sure I wasn't a pretty sight eating this monster, but it tasted so good that afterward I swear I should have taken a shower.The mixed green salad was an amazing side.  Carrot shavings and an amazing balsamic dressing made in house.  Now, for the drinks, they have an amazing mix of drafts and big bottled beer (read that as higher alcohol content).  What I really appreciate about this place is rather than describe to you what the flavor of a beer is they have on draft, they give you a sample and you can make that decision by yourself.  I selected the Brooklyn pale ale and after a nice sample, proceeded to order two more drafts.Now, the staff were amazing.  A nice compliment to such an awesome place.  They were attentive to our every need.  Checked on us frequently.  And the best part was that it didn't matter who started our order, whenever someone came around, they made sure we were taken care of.Definitely a return visit in the near future from me.
4	I went here for a friends birthday, I'll admit I felt a little out of place at first. I was older than the average crowd's age and dressed a bit differently. But no matter the drinks were reasonably priced tasted fine, and there was punk girl band raging in the background. Not that into punk but it was cool I can blend, then the DJ came on and threw down some salt n peppa and pointer sisters. I was in......  took over the dance floor, completely got lost in the movement despite a thick fog of B.O. This is saying a lot because I am very sensitive nosed girl. Maybe it was because it was girl b.o. which doesn't bother me as much who knows.It was fun dance night, different spot, you won't find plastic surgery and yawns in suits here :)
4	I love the Brillobox!I've been coming here for so long where once I used to say, "It's an older crowd..." I now find myself saying, "I just do not understand how these young kids dress!"  No matter which end of the age spectrum I've found myself, I always have a good time at the Brillobox.Their draft beer selection is perfect for the craft beer snob who needs to get a life and a less alcoholic hobby (such as myself).  I love all the craft beers and just about every time I come to the Brillobox I discover a new favorite.  I also find the pricing of the beers to be much more reasonable than say, the Sharp Edge.  The bartenders are very friendly and knowledgable.  I've had friends tell me the offering of "beers I've never heard of!" is overwhelming.  If you dont know what to order, just tell the bartenders what you like to drink and they'll pick a beer for you that you will enjoy.The mixed drinks are also very good.I highly recommend the food here.  If you're a vegetarian, this is a great dining option for you.  A lot of people don't realize the Brillobox has a pretty full menu but this place is great for dinner. Admittedly it has been awhile since I've dined here so I'm not sure if the menu remains the same but they make a damn good burger, the Israel breakfast sandwich is to die for, and there is a reason you'll see just about everyone ordering the fries:  they are GREAT.  The food is inexpensive for what you get.I love coming here for trivia night but be warned:  it gets VERY packed.  There's no smoking in this bar, and there are two levels, upstairs for shows, and downstairs for drinking and dining.  If you want to come here on a weekend and you want a seat I do recommend getting here kind of early because this place is going to get packed.
4	Fun place and always offers something new. It's different than other bars in Pittsburgh and doesn't attempt to only cater to one crowd constantly.
3	used to pop in here when they first opened 5 or 6 years ago for Pandemic and to see the occasional hipster band with my then-g.f. who was in love with the place... The cigarette smoke upstairs was a huge turn-off and still is ... I'd be standing there wondering "how the hell can the fire marshall be ok with this many people packed in here ?!!"  The downstairs lounge-y area is more my speed, these days as the crowd is older/less bratty than upstairs ... (i'm definetly one of the eldest in the room at any given time, however .)  Good beer selection.  LOUD .  Perhaps too precious-hipster-y for my tastes, lately.  Just feels a bit too pretentious and "aren't we all just making quite the scene"-like .  Shrug .
4	I love Brillobox! This is with no doubt my favorite dancing bar in Pittsburgh! I always make it on the first Friday of each month for Pandemic night when the awesome DJ "Pandemic Pgh" plays amazing global music!! The crowd is pretty diverse with a majority of hipsters. This Pandemic party takes place in the second floor, and they frequently have good bands playing upstairs. The first floor is more like a chilled bar with diner tables andtasty food! very vegan/vegetarian friendly too! Drinks are inexpensive, and bartenders are decently nice. The only downside for this place is the restrooms!! There is only one upstairs and it's a unisex restroom and it's been pretty gross every time I was there!  This is a downside I would overlook because the rest of the place (music, food, drinks, atmosphere) is simply awesome!!
4	I've always loved this place - used to go every Friday after work, since it's around the corner. Great place to enjoy a few beers with friends - they have a great rotating selection. This place really shines on their 'bar food' though. Their menu is great - I recommend their pommes frites and their brilloburger, but pretty much everything I've ever had there was awesome - hummus, nachos, banh mi, etc!I'm not sure if they still play the 'Dallas" re-runs on the projection TV, but the ambience is great, especially when they can open up the garage door in the front of the place and let the outside in. Hmmmm... maybe it's time to re-institute the weekly tradition with friends from work!
4	I've been meaning to visit this place for quite a while and I finally made that happen few weeks ago on a Friday Night.We directly ended up going to the 2nd floor since my friend wanted me to check out the scene/music. They did have a $5 cover charge. Draft beers were served in a plastic cup. I felt like I was in one of those college house party. To sum up the upstairs - it's somewhat of a dive version of Firehouse that used to be in the strip. Diverse Music with yet Very diverse crowd.The downstairs restaurant/bar section had a very good selection of draft beer. Make sure to ask for a sample before ordering since some of them are really strong. I ended up switching my RYE beer. Didn't get a chance to try the food since we couldn't find a place to sit but that's definitely on my list the next I happen to go there.Whether you're into dancing or drinking, this place definitely has the option.
3	I've heard a lot of things about this place and finally went.  I didn't visit the upstairs because I spent most of my night at the bar.  The place was really crowded with all sorts of strange people. I expected to see throngs of hipsters and punks but instead saw an eclectic mix of everything (hipsters and punks included). The ambiance was rather nice but I just thought this place seemed a bit stuck up. While the people there were "eclectic" they were all unified in their cliques. Then again, what do you expect?
1	As many other reviews have said, this bar has some pretty awful staff members.  They're extremely unprofessional and rude.  The girl who works the door is a complete jerk.  She screams at people for no reason, and likes to ignore customers trying to get it, and prefers to talk to her friends and get drunk instead.  The bartenders ignored me for actually 15 solid minutes once.  I was trying to get my first drink, and I had to go downstairs eventually.  People are a little snobbish.  Belvederes is a thousand times better if you want good dancing and drinks...oh and their staff actually cares about you.  Really not a fan of this place.
4	Totally different vibe depending on when you go... I really enjoy Brillobox around dinnertime, and I also had a pretty good brunch there once. But I've been many times for dinner and drinks, and I really enjoy it. The atmosphere is relaxed and informal, and the food is quite good, especially for bar food. Tons of options for vegetarians but also good burgers and pulled pork for meat eaters. The menu shifts over time, but has been consistently good over the years. The SALAD is one of the best dinner salads - it's not just lettuce, unripe tomato, onion and cucumber; instead, they've got mixed greens, shaved broccoli, carrots, peas, tomatoes, nuts, cheese, etc. in a giant portion for a good price. Very substantial and a nice mix of textures (also has a great fresh herb-y dressing). I also love the vegetarian banh mi - yummy strips of marinated extra firm tofu, pickled vegetables, spicy sauce, and aioli on a nice baguette with a side salad or chips. The mac and cheese is wonderful and creamy with a mix of tasty cheeses - one of the best I've tried in the city. The fries are also satisfying, and they come with 3 or 4 great dips. Great beer selection, and a good cocktail selection. Overall, solid place to drink and eat, and the price is right for a casual weeknight.On the other hand, late nights are often hot and crowded with hipsters. Crap beer is served in plastic cups and both bars get crowded so you may have to wait awhile before the bartender notices you unless you get pushy. The sound quality has been pretty bad for live bands. But all that's pretty typical for a late night at a popular bar! Some of the events are really fun, and they feature a varied lineup (some more crowded than others). So... take your pick - there's a little something for almost everyone!
1	Hmmm...why didnt I listen to my conscience and not go here?  Now, it's etched in my memory forever.  Expensive dishes (although, they are interesting, that was cool) and expensive drinks.  The Bartender Dude that waited on me was the only nice thing about the place.  It's pretentious and that's just how the hipsters that frequent this place want it.   That's fine.  Everything isnt for everyone.  It was very loud in here (but yes it's a bar, I know) and even the Bartender kept looking at a few of the patrons and was clearly annoyed at the decibels.Oh I wanted to go upstairs to dance, but they wanted $10.00 and I'm sorry, that's ridiculous for a former whole in the wall.I will not return here, but I'm a little old and unpretentious for this crowd, so take this review with a grain of salt.  What could make it better?  More reasonable prices and better crowd.
3	Came here to dance to some D's who claimed to have taste in music (Title Town),They did have good taste in music not excellent but good I asked for some Curtis Mayfield and that was beyond their reach I guess. They also dropped  a record off the table haven't heard a transition that awkward since my raver days.Anyhow I'm dropping a star for drink prices a medium sized mixed drink runs $6 here with bottom shelf liquor and beers anywhere from 4-6$ a pop. The space is still really cramped it kinda feels like you are dancing in a shipping container that might be dropped in the ocean at anytime. Also the extreme whiteness is a bit much for me because white people are inside doing things like hogging the top smaller stage dance floor ALL NIGHT. A group of white guys who apparently think they can dance were up there dressed in thrift store threads and resembling a swarm of mosquito's, They were quite annoying. Completely unaware of their douchebaggery. I am not sure if this is still as annoying on other nights it looks like from the reviews it is. I still had a good night though.
5	The food was really great! The staff was friendly and attentive. I had the Brillo burger and my friend had the hot brown. Both things were tasty and came out in a timely manner. It has a great atmosphere and we will definitely be back!
4	This is THE hipster bar to go to, so make sure to wear your skinny jeans and suspenders! Although I have to be in the mood to go here, I generally have a good time. I generally avoid Saturday nights because the place gets way too crowded. The interior is probably the coolest of any place in the city, and there's always a cool band or show upstairs. The drinks and food here are a little pricey, but the beer selection is good and the veggie food is really tasty. Trivia on Wednesdays is a lot of fun, so bring a group of friends and you'll enjoy the night.
5	Yay! Found another place in Pittsburgh with GREAT cocktails! I loved the Veggie burger too! I will go here many many times in the future :)
5	A nice place to go and have a drink or a bite to eat.  They have a selection of different cocktails.  They have a garage type door that they open up when its warm out, I thought that was nice.  There's an upstairs where bands can play.  They don't serve wine
3	Great parties with good dance music once a month. If only they like... Gave you oxygen to breathe while you dance.
5	My friends and I ate at Noodlehead in Shadyside and started walking westbound down Penn towards Lawrenceville. One friend was sore from running a half marathon earlier that day and would not stop complaining. We saw several people enjoying themselves in this bar and decided to stop in for a couple drinks. I liked the tree behind the bar and the red, circular vinyl booths. There were some intriguing women inside which only added to my appreciation of the place. The bartender was a really friendly guy and the beer selection was good. Those booths captured my attention more than the beautiful women sitting in them. Tom Waits lyrics have been stuck in my head since. "Warm Beer And Cold Women"One of those nights.It's warm beer, cold women, no I just don't fit in.'Cause every joint I stumbled into tonight is just how it's been.All these double knit strangers with gin and vermouth.And recycled stories in the Naugahyde booths.And the platinum blonds, tobacco brunettes.I'll be drinkin' to forget you, I'll light another cigarette.And the band's playin' something by Tammy WynetteAnd the drinks are on me tonight.All my conversations now I'll just be talkin' about you babe.Borin' some sailor as I try to get through.I just want him to listen now, I said that's all you have to do.He said, "I'm better off without you" until I showed him my tattoo.And now the moon's rising ain't no time to lose.Time to get down to drinking tell the band to play the blues.And the drinks are on me, I'll back up a round.At the last ditch attempt saloon.Warm beer, cold women, no I just don't fit in.Every joint I stumbled into tonight that's just how it's been.All these double knit strangers with gin and Vermouth.Receeding hairlines in the Naugahyde booths.With the platinum blonds, tobacco brunettes.I'll just be drinking to forget you baby, I'll light a menthol cigarette.And the band's playing somethin' by Johnnie BarnettAnd the last ditch attempt saloon.
5	Great happy hour specials, and fantastic food. I love their clearly marked vegan offerings, and their starving artist $6 vegetarian dinner on Sundays. Their fries are unbelievably good, I'd argue the best I've had, especially with the vegan sauces you can request. Vegan options tend to be around $10 for a sandwich type dish, which is a little pricey, but it's totally worth it for the quality/creativity of the food. I also love how frequently the decor changes (is it seasonally?), there's plenty to look at and the vibe is pretty sweet for any kind of visit.
5	Meh pretty good
1	I come to Brillo Box all the time. My friend, who is 28 and us from Turkey was not let in tonight... For dinner and drinks. The guy working the door needs an attitude adjustment and just because a place has been raided in the past, does not mean you don't act like a civilized human being. A Turkish ID that says 28... Should be enough. Shame on you Brillo Box. I am done with you and your awesome food. Get a new bouncer!!!!
5	Dropped by for a late night concert for $13. ABSOLUTELY LOVED IT.I didn't eat anything, just drank some beer but the prices were reasonable and I was a happy camper. :) Would love to go again for future concerts!
3	Although the service here was top notch, the signature burger was not. The "Brilloburger" was not in a category of best burgers, in my opinion. I believe that the mix of meat was indeed correct, but the seasoning killed the whole thing. They sprinkle (heavily) coarse salt on the burger, then put the cheese and toppings on. The salt took over, and as I actually crunched down on salt, I wondered what the burger would taste like without. No one will know until that element is changed. They also serve the burger with a mayo topping. Personally, this is not something that should be needed if the meat, cheese, and veggies are all fab. On the other side of the table, my hubby ordered the pitadilla and Mac and cheese. The "quesadilla-like" app was fine. All I can say is that I have had comparable at a Phish concert.Perhaps the finest creation of the meal was the Mac n Cheese. Right on. Right on. Like I said, the service was impeccable. Food, eh.
4	I like Brillobox simply for the wide range of experiences that it offers. I have been here for many, many dance parties upstairs. But I've also had a quiet dinner, or casual drinks on a weeknight with friends. I don't know of too many other places that offer this kind of dichotomy.The upstairs gets very crowded on busy nights, but as someone who really enjoys a good night of dive bar dancing, I don't mind. It also gets REALLY hot, even in the winter, so dress accordingly. The themed PGH Bro Club parties are fun (e.g. last week was Rihanna vs. Beyonce -- YES PLEASE). I also enjoy Pandemic, which features a wide range of international dance music. The covers for these types of events are pretty reasonable. I like going late but you have to be careful; admission to the upstairs has been cut off early due to reaching capacity in the past.I haven't had a meal here in a long time, and I can't remember a whole lot about it... I do know it was tasty, though. I recently moved to a new place in Lawrenceville and can walk here, so I plan to stop in for dinner in the near future.I have been here on "quieter" nights too and have also had good experiences in the downstairs bar. The bartenders have been really friendly, and the crowd is pretty chill (gah--I hate that word). Overall a great place, and one that I am happy to now call my neighbor!
5	Great bar! good drafts selection, nice staff, good events! Top 3 venues in Pittsburgh!
1	I hate hipsters. there i said it. this place has them coming out of the woodwork. its where they congregate with their plaid short pants and their stupid wire rim glasses. all the bikes chained up out front while they block the entrance smoking their American Spirits. this place has its moments, but its either so loud you cant think, or so dead the service is crap. and dont get me started on the bartender (unfortunately i dont remember his name) who slammed the bill down and said 'if you are going to stiff me, at least leave' when i went back to my table to ask if anyone got a particular beer. what a loser. so pretentious. like they are doing you a favor! anyways - the food is ok, but the clients and service are nothing good at all. do us all a favor and move to SoHo or Seattle.
2	This place is falling apart. Literally... The huge disco ball fell from the ceiling as we were watching a concert. The bathrooms are disgusting and everything needs a good cleaning. With that said it's a nice small venue to see a band, with great acoustics!We did not eat or drink downstairs so I cannot comment about that.
1	OK sandwiches served by real life Beavis and Buttheads
1	My advice to the upstairs bartender: take a deep breath, sit back, and reassess your career choice if working at a fun, packed show in a cool city is that much misery for you.
3	This place is different most other bars in Pittsburgh and definitely fun to try on a weekend night. I went here with some of my lady friends, and we split the fries as well as some sort of fried kale appetizer and got a round of beers and a hard cider for me. The kale was crispy and unlike anything I'd ever had before. I really enjoyed it. The fries came with three dipping sauces and were fine...the presentation (in a tall wire cone with a paper liner and three little cups for the sauces) was by far the best part. I prefer my fries thick-cut, so these were a little on the small size for my taste. The service was also fine. Nothing to write home about but nothing to keep me from coming back again either. In short I enjoyed the fried kale and loved the dark red interior. Everything else was rather unmemorable.
