5	One of my fave lunch places. Great sandwiches. I recommend the Mexican: endive, avocado, black olives, Gouda, and more good stuff in a baguette.They also have a great cheese selection.
4	Honestly, I am a sucker for any place that serves more than one variety of cream of [vegetable/legume] a day, but the fact of the matter is that Foumagerie just has good food in general. Besides the tasty soups, you'll find a wide variety of sandwiches built around a variety of cheeses, from Parmesan to Stilton. The cheese is fantastic, the cold cuts are high-quality and the bread is always fresh from their bakery.The place is super small, so on days when it's too cold and wet for them to open up the terrace, you might have a hard time getting a seat, but the turnover's pretty good and you can easily take your meal to go.An extra recommendation goes specifically to the Carpaccio sandwich on baguette: roast beef, lemon juice, black pepper, olive oil and a generous helping of parmesan cheese make it less of a sandwich and more of an experience. Awesome.
4	Great little place to stop by for wonderful soup and a superb sandwich. They don't skimp on the fillings in their sandwiches, there's always plenty of cheese and meat, interesting condiments and loads of vegetables. The soups are homemade and always the right thing on a cold afternoon.There are only a few tables here, so either you have to get there before the crowds, or possibly squeeze up to the window counter to eat.I often buy my cheese here, the prices are reasonable and the staff is quite knowledgeable.
5	What sets this place apart is the quality and freshness of their ingredients, particularly their cheeses (it is also a cheese store after all).
5	One of my favourite places to have lunch or pick up. The staff are very helpful and after time recognize you by saying prosciutto with provolone?? favourite sandwich: baguette, prosciutto, provolone, balsamic, olive oil, lemon, salt and pepperFavourite wrap: turkey, goat cheese, lettuce, tomato with the house salad dressingFavourite salad: foumagerie salad with a twist, romaine, turkey, cheese, cucumbers, tomatoes and capers with the house salad dressingSoups are all amazing depends on what you like, luckily they always have at least 3-4 options.
5	Husband and I are staying in Montreal and trying to find a bakery or shop that has delicious baguette sandwiches. The level of deliciousness similar to that in France. Day 3, no luck. I found this place by reading yelp reviews and decided to give this place a go. Especially since they have lots and lots of cheeses! Cannot go wrong with that. I ordered a soup (not too crazy about it) and a custom sandwich with salmon, avocado, tomato, lettuce and their dressing of olive oil & lemon. That's what I was looking for! It was perfectly crunchy and had a good balance of flavors and textures inside! Score!Hubby ordered their main sandwich special, something Parmesan prosciutto. It was also quite tasty, however, a bit intense. I think you need to have an acquired taste for something this salty, or have more lettuce or something bland to balance it out more. Overall a pleasant experience, staff very friendly and knowledgeable.
1	Rude owners and overpriced food.  $35 for two very ordinary salads and drinks at lunchtime???
