5	I have been tattooed by Jason@BlackCat several times. He is an awesome artist and tattooer. The new  shop on butler street is amazing. Every time i go in everyone is very friendly and profesional. Black Cat is definatly  in the top echelon of tattoo shops in the country.  If I could give them 6 I would.
5	Point blank, the best in the 'burgh. I have 6 tattoos. The first three from 3 different, unaffiliated artists. Since meeting Jason and Cara, the last 3 and all my future tattoos will be done by them. I trust their advice and input when discussing all aspects of my permanent, personal pieces. You know the best thing, they're so awesome that if they think someone else will do you work better, they'll give you the name of the artist to see. I trust Jason and Cara with all my work and I'm without a doubt confident that you'll feel the same. THE BEST!
5	I've been to both jason and cara, starting with when jason was still at eye candy. The pieces he's done have held up bright and solid. Strangers regularly ask where I got my work done (he's done 3 pieces for me, 3 totally different styles), and I happily recommend the shop. Cara already works at the level of someone who has been tattooing for many years. She also provides great customer service, patiently making adjustments to my design until it was perfect. Overall, I would suggest that anyone looking to get a tattoo 1) really make sure they want a tattoo/know what they want (I only say this because I turned 18 once too), and then 2) go to black cat...5 stars for being friendly and enthuastic, having a wide range of artistic ability, providing lasting tattoos
5	I specifically went to Black Cat based on my friends' recommendations. I wanted to be tattooed by a woman-as a queer feminist this is crucial for me- and well, Cara and I have the same name and it's spelled 'correctly,' so, I knew it was a great fit. Cara was really friendly-this was only my second tattoo-and she made me feel very welcome. She was both methodical and empathetic-she kept checking in with me to see how I felt, I'm pretty sensitive to pain. I trust her and her work is spectacular; I am going to see her Monday for another tattoo. The only other shop I've been to is Jinx Proof in D.C., where I got tattooed by Susan Doyle. They have a *stellar* rep for sure, but I live in Pittsburgh and Black Cat is excellent and I will continue to come here. Where else can I get a tattoo AND have a conversation about Riot Grrrl with a rad feminist, mom, woman, business-owner, tattoo artist named Cara?
5	I chose Black Cat Tattoos for my first tattoo based on recommendations from a couple friends and my experience could not have been better!  Matt was the artist that tattooed me and he was AWESOME!  He was friendly and professional. I really liked the atmosphere of the shop and it was very clean.  It was a great experience and I will definitely be going back.
5	Went for my first tattoo back in August. Matt was awesome! Everyone was very friendly, the place is super clean and welcoming. I highly recommend going there if you're in Pittsburgh.
