1	Some of the worst food I've had, period. I placed an order for delivery: cashew chicken with white rice, fried wontons, and egg drop soup. The whole order cost around $13 with free delivery. The lady on the phone was nice and the delivery guy seemed alright, too.Once I received my food, I was severely disappointed. It was greasy and most of the food was cold. I started with the wontons, which had zero filling and the accompanying sauce had the consistency of jelly. So I put that aside for the egg drop soup. The soup was yellow, thick, and cold. It pretty much looked like they just whisked a bunch of egg yolks and called it a day. I hoped the chicken entree was at least partially decent, but I was again disappointed. The chicken AND the cashews were soggy (how does one make soggy cashews? I've never encountered this before), while the rice that came with it was cold and hard. Ugh, everything was thrown out and I ended up eating a peanut butter sandwich for dinner.
5	I noticed that a couple of people had left some pretty rough reviews and I had to leave one to set the record straight. This place is great. I have been eating here for 6 years and the only complaint that I have ever had was a waiter that was rude. He was handled very quickly and is no longer there. The existing staff is very friendly and personable. The food is excellent... the best fast Chinese that I have had in Phoenix. The menu is full of choices and they have something for everyone. Everything is cooked to order and piping hot when you get it. The decor is nothing to write about but hey... its a cheap Chinese restaurant in an old building in an older part of town. They must be doing something right because they have been there for a long time and they are not short on faithful return customers. I'm fairly certain that those who didn't like it were expecting to have a gourmet meal in a fancy setting and it is simply not that type of place. Spend some more money if you want fancy people!
1	Wish I could only give them 1 star.  We had a pretty large order delivered to us.  One of the girls found a roach in their food.  Not a little bitty thing a big freaking roach. After that no one ate their food.  If you have one roach you have thousands or roaches.  When we called them, they said well it was only a problem with one, we will bring you a new order... Yeah No, you will come and pick up all your food and refund us the money.  After arguing about that for a bit, they finally did just that.  Will never be eating their again!
1	I would not recommend anybody eat here. I used to eat here but the last time I went in I saw a cockroach on the counter. They need a health inspection.
