5	Yummy lunch buffet today on way to convention center.  Carvery.   Come hungry.
1	Very very very disappointing!Took forever for the wait staff to come around with the meat.  I don't think I ever got a decent cut that was medium rare.. the vegetable medley was just broccoli and cauliflower covered in some flavorless white paste .. the meat that wasn't over cooked was under seasoned .. ... don't think I'll try this place again.
5	Solid lunch spot for the uptown crowd.  Gets a 5 star from me because it's a GREAT option if you're eating paleo or primal.  Meat tasted yummy, tons of selection in the salad bar (try the tiny shrimp salad, it won't disappoint!).  Not your usual iceburg lettuce and ranch dressing salad bar.  A bit pricey for lunch, but you get more than what you pay for.  Try to go right when they open to get the freshest stuff and avoid the crowds (11:15-11:30 is a perfect time).  MEAT IS AWESOME.  That is all, thank you.
4	I had dinner on a Sat @ Brazz for my wife' birthday. Service was excellent server was friendly and seemed as if he enjoyed his job. The salad bar could offer more but what was on there was fresh and tasty. The meats ohh baby the star of the show . I have been to chima many times before and this was my first visit Brazz but for some reason the meat at Brazz seemed better and much more flavorful.
5	LOVED the personal attention. Felt like rockstars all night. The food was awesome. Roasted pineapple was amazing. Favorite meats were scallops wrapped in bacon and Parmesan crusted pork loin. Staff readily complied when I requested more scallops and pineapple. Really enjoyed it and went back a second time the next night.
5	Fantastic. This is the best lunch uptown. The wait staff was attentive and knowledgeable without being overbearing. The food exceeded my expectations by a long shot. I will become a regular here.
3	i have been on a buffet kick this past couple of weeks. the service was great and so was the quality of the meat. if you want a buffet of light meats such and the top round, pork loin, and turkey breast this is your place. i have to say the turkey was the best and i hate turkey. it was so juicy and flavorful. the salad bar had many different salads...i dont know what else to say, i dont eat salad haha. the top round was good, i didnt see any steak sauces but it could had used some. the pork loin wasnt bad. i wish i could say i ate other sides but all i ate was deviled eggs (good), roasted potatoes (good) and cucumber salad (good)....check it out for lunch if youre in a carnivorous mood.
3	I was dreaming of endless plates of meat after my delish meal at Brazz. Don't be fooled by the endless salad bar, it is a trick!  You can fill up all your want on the different breads, salads and sides, but you must remember the real food star of this restaurant . Walking to Brazz on a slow Tuesday night, the bright walls and modern decor caught my eye. The meat options of steak, lamb, veal, duck, more steak come to your table without stopping, make sure you flip over your little coaster when you need a break from your beef indulgence. For something different and a fun date night check out Brazz. The service was attentive, the food was delish  and the grilled pineapple topped the night off perfectly.
1	My wife and I dined and your restaurant this past Sunday, July 1st after purchasing a Groupon voucher.After the experience, I will have to be honest, I wasn't that impressed.My wife is not a red meat eater and the options of for chicken and fish varieties were disappointing at best.The price was ABSOLUTELY A rip-off.  $25 for a salad bar buffet.One of the owners did allow my wife to try some of the chicken & fish variety, but she enjoyed neither.If I come back, it will only be for a SUPER special pricing.  I would NEVER pay regular price.
1	Would not recommend.  After we flipped our card over the cook came out to ask us temp for our meat. We told him med rare to med. and then we waited.  Once he brought out some meat it was all overcooked flavorless and tasted old. I had to request two times for alligator and pineapple. The alligator that was brought out was 4 small pieces that where way over cooked and greesy.  The pineapple was never brought to our table. Then we waited again for over 15 minutes for any other meat to be offered to us but once anything was offered to us it was clearly cooked done.  We really wanted to like our diner but it was a true let down. We will NEVER go back.
2	I was not overly impressed with Brass Carvery. Yes, you do get to try a lot of different cuts of meat. And it is all you can eat. And there is an extensive salad bar and soup included in the price.But what good is this when the meat you do receive is over cooked, over seasoned or full of tough, fatty areas? For the price I would much rather go to a regular steakhouse where I can order exactly what I like. Brass will let you request more of a specific cut of meat, but as a first time visitor that does not know how the different cuts taste...The restaurant is nicely designed, the decor is tasteful and the music is not overly loud. The park/green space right outside is great for spending time before or after eating, but in the end that is not why you came.Overall the food isn't bad, but it isn't anything special either. There are better places to eat in Charlotte.
1	If I needed to describe my experience in 1 word, it would be scary. I think it's important to point out the good points of a place before the bad, 1st,they validate your parking for the green lot, 2nd the cheese bread was good, but don't ask for more, you will never receive it Now the bad, although my 1st bad point is above, when I asked for more of the only good thing offered, they never brought it. But let me go to the beginning. The salad bar is not vast and extensive as described. The hot items are luke warm (if your lucky) and the cold items are luke cold. Beware the Mayo based items, you don't want to get sick. The next bad thing is the meat. These people either have no idea what medium rare is, or they just don't care to give you what you request. On top of that, if you ask if the item is medium rare, the answer is always yes. The next bad item is that the meat was old and rancid. In particular, the lamb was AWFUL! I had to spit mine out, I needed to be at work the next day. It is also important to point out the place is dirty, look at the windowsill when you sit down. When I asked to speak to a manager, she came over and when I explained my issues she looked at me like I should have known the food and service was bad. She clearly knows it is. I think I am an intelligent person who should read the reviews on yelp and foresquare before going going somewhere, and i did. Shame on me for still going. But I had a groupon that expired today and I felt I should use it regardless of the reviews. I learned my lesson. I also learned these are the same owners of brazzas on independence, which I believe closed and had awful reviews also. I hope this review helps those thinking of going and they do not waste their money. Note: the below questions ask "good for?" the answer is Noone!
2	My quoted 1/2 hour wait for a table turned into a 73 minute wait. Was interested in trying the dinner selections having lunched here once in the past. I was seekeing a table for just myself.Food selection was good but not grand at the salad and hot bars. Meat selections seemed to be quite limited and I grew tired turning down the same cut time after time just waiting for something different or special. Special was not on the menu this evening.The staff was friendly and apologetic about the wait, but no concessions were made on their behalf. The severs were great, and offered not only what they had on the skewer, but also offered to bring out any of the other selections if I wished, but once again, nothing was special.Overall, good but not special. I can now cross this restaurant off my list of places I'd like to try, and it will not be on my list of places to go back to again.
2	Took my parents to Brazz this Saturday for lunch for my dad's birthday. To be honest, I was a little concerned after reading the reviews.  But I was determined to give it a try and be fair with the place.  We arrived at 12:30ish and there wasn't a soul in sight.  I hope they have more patrons during the week.  The place is a little hidden in The Green area, next to Fuel Pizza.We were greeted and sat immediately.  They have a lunch buffet offering during the day for $11.95 a person. It comes with the salad bar and 3 meat carving station.  The salad bar was ok.  The few salad that have actual leafy veggies looked a little soggy (ex. Caesar salad, management may want to leave the dressing out and let the customer put on when served).  Crab salad was the only "seafood" option but I don't eat imitation crab.  Tuna and chicken salad can be filling. I wish they have smoked salmon.  The carpaccio looks a little scary... The meat was orange with a mustardy sauce on it, I can't tell if it's beef or not.  The soup was chicken vegetables and it was a bit high on sodium.Ok, on to the meat.  Top sirloin was well seasoned.  The meat was a bit tough but it is sirloin after all.  Once you get to the middle cut then it is definitely medium rare.  The pork loin was 2nd best.  A little bland in the middle.  I like my pork medium well to make sure it isn't overlooked, so this was not bad for a cook through porkloin. Turkey was the worst.  No seasoning, bland and dry. And the turkey gravy was thick with a jelly, yellowish color and consistency.  But it was needed to give the meat a taste.The hot side bar has the best overall offering. Sweet potato casserole was good. Roasted veggies and potatoes both were good.  Skip the garlic mashed tater. And there was only one dessert looking item and yike, it looked as appetizing as it tasted. The service was good, but we were the only table.  I also can't blame them for hanging out by the bar upfront since there's not much to do even though it made them look slacking. Conclusion: to be fair, this is not a 1-star place. It is likely a 2 to 3 stars depending on personal taste and expectation.  I can see how it may be more of a disappointment during expensive dinner time. And while I was getting worried about the food quality (some of the reviews were down right scary), I am glad to say I was feeling fine after I ate :). And darnit I didn't see or get any cheese rolls.
5	Great lunch today. The carving station offered Sirloin, Turkey and Pork Loin. All were very good. The flavors really brought out the flavor. And the buffet was great, with my favorite being the crab salad. I will come back soon for dinner.
5	Review for dinner - Let start by saying that the lunch here is incredible and a great deal, and I have been here half a dozen times and was never disappointed. So back to dinner, I decided to give it a second try and I was completely amazed at the difference. Prompt, friendly and delicious. This was everything I had expected from this establishment the first time. Meat choices were varied and wonderful, and when a cut was too rare for my liking, they brought me another cooked to perfection. At the end of the meal I was surprised with a serving of roasted pineapple and cinnamon, what an unexpected pleasure. Before I left I spoke with the staff about my last experience, and I think we all agreed that I suffered the curse of restaurant week on my prior visit. Over packed and under staffed.I will definitely be heading back again and again.
4	My wife and I went to Brazz on a Groupon discount. After reading some of the reviews I was a little afraid that we would be disappointed. That was not the case. We were given perfect service by our waiter Clinton and the others. The salad bar was very fresh and enticing. Each of the meat items were prepared as requested, and these servers were very efficient. We will be repeat customers!
4	I'm giving Brazz four stars for its ~$11 All-You-Can-Eat Lunch!! Sometimes you just need that in-between of a "sit down" lunch combined with convenience,  "better" quality food and great service at a price that won't force you to eat canned tuna the next day to make up for it ;)Brazz takes on a different spin to the traditional Brazilian style carvery - it's similar to Fogo and Chima - but rather than having a green light, red light style service, at lunch, the restaurant lets you come up to the carving stations to have your perfectly standardized slices of meat cut before you. Sort of reminds you of the "ham" station at a buffet. You get three choices of meat to choose from during lunch:1) A deliciously fatty, medium-rare cut of sirloin2) A lightly seasoned hunk of roasted turkey3) A nicely spice-crusted pork loinThe sirloin is by far the best, followed by the Cumin-tasting pork. You can leave out the turkey. It's not too bad, but isn't nearly as juicy as the other two. Maybe the turkeys are leaner?  And you can just keep coming back for more. How awesome.Along with these fine meats, is a robust salad bar. Not even close to the same quality as your more expensive Brazilian steakhouse counterparts, but you'll definitely be spoiled for choice. I always go for the cucumber and feta salad. Nice vinaigrette! On the far side are your hot sides. These are also great, because they tend to be the more starchier foods that you would eat at Thanksgiving dinner like sweet potatoes, mashed potatoes, roasted veggies and such.If you combine all of the above-mentioned goodies, you find yourself with a pretty ballin' lunch for $11 + tip! I would pay that any day.There's also some slices of strawberry shortcake that you can have at the end - tastes ok, but it's kinda like the store-bought version. I'll definitely keep coming back here. The waiting staff is super friendly and they keep their eyes peeled for dirty plates to replace as you get up for your fourth helping!!Simple pleasures in life4/5
4	This review is specifically for their $11 lunch buffet.I generally dislike buffets.  Unless they are fairly upscale (I had an excellent meal at The Biltmore, for instance), I generally find that the food lacks seasoning, certainly lacks freshness, and also lacks service.  When my husband suggested meeting at Brazz, I was reticent, but since I have not indulged his buffet cravings recently, I decided to give it a shot.I was really quite pleasantly surprised.  Some of the items I especially enjoyed included the spice-crusted pork loin,  (they have a carving station that offers sirloin, pork loin, and turkey breast), top sirloin (found this to be very tender and juicy), the garlic mashed potatoes (I really like it when they are chunky, with some red skin in them), the hearts of palm salad, and the pasta salad.  Deviled eggs were a fun touch, since I never see them outside of a potluck, lol.  Service and table settings seemed on point with the elevated level of the buffet that they were going for.  Remember to get your parking validated!  I did not, and it ran me about 7 bucks.  :(
4	I will give this place a 4, mainly for the lunch. The lunch buffet is excellent and the price is right. The protein options are excellent, cooked perfectly and full of flavor. We went on a Monday where they buffet option was indian and I was blown away by the flavor of the food. I would highly recommend this place for lunch.I am back in Charlotte again this week and wanted to do lunch again but did not get to, but I did get to try this last night for dinner for the Rodizio and I would give it a 2.5 - 3 stars. When we went in, it was not very busy, a few people at the bar and two other tables. The waiter and the others who work there are very friendly and helpful, and asked the temp we like our meat and they did a good job with some meat temps but not good on others. The Sirloin was a little under cooked, ( asked for medium) but still very tasty. The alligator, being a little chewy had really nice flavor, as did the pork and chicken. The other beef options that we got ( they seemed to love parmesan as the flavor for the beef. After we got the first sirloin cooked close to temp, all the others were midwell to well done, the meat had a steamed flavor as it was bunched together and did not get a chance to crust the outside of the meet to give it a full flavor profile. If the meat would have come out Medium then I think it would have been fine, but being over cooked and the meat bunched together like this, it was not overly impressive. It took a while for them to start brining the meat out and because the place was slow, they were slow at cooking the meat and bringing them around. As for the buffet section of the dinner, for items such as Calamari ( which was good) they did not cook much, so could not get a lot.The other small issue we had was the Sangria ( it was amazingly good) they asked us of we wanted a glass or a pitcher, Staying at  a hotel down the street we opted for the pitcher and the two of us drank the entire pitcher. When we got the pitcher and glass, we could see the glass half full with red wine, maybe to give your first glass a little extra kick, and the mixed the fruit and wine in the pitcher in front of us. Again it was very good, but they did not tell us how much a pitcher cost. I twas $30. Which for the amount we drank the price is not terrible I dont think, I dont drink sangria much, but if we knew the pitcher was $30 we would have opted for another drink.I dont know if/when I will be back to Charlotte, if I ever get the opportunity to Charlotte again, I definitely would come back for lunch, but not too sure about dinner. Maybe if it was a friday night or another night that the restaurant was busier. Highly recommend for lunch!
4	Review for Lunch Buffet only --  It is everything you want in a lunch time buffet.  Carving stations, cold and hot sections, daily themes (asian, country, Cajun, etc), and a helpful friendly staff.  Located right next to Fuel pizza and across from Matt's Hot Dog shop, Brazz is a little hidden but very much worth the search.  Don't go in expecting Chima or anything but they try to rep as a Brazilian Steakhouse.  And a lot cheaper!  $12.95 for endless lunch...Yes sir!  Make sure you go to the gym first and then maybe you won't feel that bad eating like a beast.  Carving stations are Top Sirloin, Turkey, and Pork Tenderloin.  If you make through the meat, salad bar, and themed bar... Then you have to get yourself some rice pudding. Trust me! Enjoy!Ian M.
5	Great place, service is excellent and food is second to none
2	Meat cooked well, seasoning eh. Service was excellent . I had the 10 meats dinner . I dont know if its worth the price . The pork lion, pineapple was delicious. Some of the meats was over seasoned with garlic. The salad bar ehh. Get a better salad Bar. I went on a Wednesday night. Brazillian sausage not for me.
3	I took a friend here for her birthday on a Tuesday night. Our server was very nice, well informed, but very scripted. As for the buffet, I had two delicious side salads and as far as I could tell, all the salad were fresh and yummy. Their special for the evening on the buffet was sesame chicken, which was leftover from lunch (I think; Chinese Day at lunch time) and it was rock hard and the bottom of the barrel. We were brought a plate of random little fried breads as an appetizer and I can't say any of them were very good. When dinner came, pork loin for me and salmon for her, the potatoes were delicious and the Pinot Grigo was half off and very good as well. The loin was juicy and had great flavor but the parmesan crust was very salty. I ate thin slices so I could only have a small portion of the crust at a time. Then when it came time for dessert I told her to order a birthday dessert, while the waiter stood there and listened, and she ordered the NY cheesecake. He brought out her "complimentary" birthday Flan plus what she had ordered! HA! Seriously? Why wouldn't he have told us she was already getting dessert. Either way, it wasn't bad but I'm not eager to return.
5	In response to Jade H. I couldn't disagree more. Quite frankly because MY family was the ones mentioned in their post! First let me say Brazz has been a favorite for ours for years. That statement is correct. My husband dines there frequently with large groups often. The children and I usually stay home so this was an opportunity to expose them to something we do not have in Western NC. Not only was I impressed with the response we received but the restaurant was near capacity at that time. We had just finished our Walk for Leukemia and made our way with our three girls that are 12, 10 and 7. Not only was I extremely proud of our girls behaving properly in that atmosphere but our server was outstanding. That has only been my second experience at Brazz. The only other time was there last location and the food was outstanding as well as the servers and owners. My children described the restaurant as a "slice of heaven". There is a wait time but that's because the food is made to order. You shouldn't expect to be out in an hour. It's not Outback. It's a dining experience that most people that don't live near larger cities would be able to enjoy. Anyone that has ever had experience with my husband knows he is charismatic. Brazz is not the only place he frequents and he is always remembered. Not for having a snotty air that he is better than anyone else but he's understands that people may have an off day, be really busy, or it might not be the time for one party to be catered too that might not deserve it. Trick is make people around you as happy and as comfortable as you are. If you come in with an attitude don't expect to get treated with less than the same.Our time there was wonderful. My children tried foods they had never seen. There was much laughter and joy had around our table. I'm sorry our neighbors couldn't enjoy themselves as well but that seems to be a lacking on their behalf. The thing is your server sees so many people a day I'm sure at some point the "script" can get tiresome. If you can make the dining experience as enjoyable for your server they will go out of their way to make it just as enjoyable for you. I had asked for the alligator as well and wanted my daughter to try it as well (her first time) I was told there weren't enough pieces since serving the last table and told me he'd come back with more. Yes, we waited and the bite size portions were a great way to get all the girls to try some. My husband requested the pineapple because it was his favorite. I see nothing wrong in asking for something if you are aware that they make it. It wasn't as if it was brought to our table alone. I found it phenomenal especially with the dessert. Point is you can't make everyone happy. And some seem to be petty enough to drag other diners into their disagreement. Since we were the table referred too I apologize for your seeming bad experience. Perhaps you expected to be in and out in an hour which case that is not the restaurant for you. We planned a three hour of our taste buds being blown away, savoring the food, the staff, and our family. It's a shame you didn't have enough foresight to do the same. I am glad my children focused on the positive and the food because had I not been enjoying myself so much I would have been ashamed to have been placed next to you because the idea of entitlement is exactly what I hope to keep my kids from expecting. Your post was that of a petulant child. How embarrassing. I will continue to go to Brazz and I know my husband dined there again tonight. I'm jealous of the fine food but it is a wonderful place. The owners, the staff, and the food is outstanding in every aspect. I can't wait for us all to be able to go back! They are Awesome!
3	Falls short of authentic Brazilian rodisio - no feijoada, macachera (yucca), farrofa, or chicken hearts - staples of Brazilian cuisine. Wait staff claimed that the restaurant used to serve the delicious Brazilian cuisines, but too much of it was going to waste, as the Americans were not eating these things, so they stopped serving it. My high expectations were pretty disappointed, having previously lived my childhood in Brazil. However the staff was a joy, and the caipirinhas we're fabulous!
5	Best Brazilian restaurant in Charlotte! We have been plenty of times before and decided to go tonight for restaurant week and we were NOT disappointed! The staff is always excellent, super nice, accommodating, and friendly. The salad bar you can make a meal off itself and the meats are always juicy and tasty. They never let you sit for long without bringing meat by and to eat a lot you know not waiting is essential. I love this restaurant and definitely recommend!
3	A-OK on Charlottes restaurant week: The food was very tasty, but not as good as it could be. Some of the choices of  meat were dry, where as others were not, maybe an off day! They do bring you a lot of meat and its not a long wait before another server comes with more meat for your plate!  I wouldn't say this place is very authentic and my impression is of an American-Style Brazilian-Spiced Restaurant.  I would go back and try something on their everyday menu and give this place another chance to show out!
4	I've only gone for lunch. There is a lot of variety, the food is always fresh, and I've yet to be disappointed. I think they do daily specials in addition to the regular top sirloin, pork, and turkey... I still have to figure out which specials they put out for each day. I will say, though, that their fried chicken is in my top 3 best fried chicken I've ever eaten, no joke. I hope the next time I go, it'll be fried chicken day.
3	I was attending a business workshop today and decided to stop in here for lunch.  Pros: The servers were great.  They offered a different variety of vegetable options.  However, the meat selections were limited.  I was also looking for some desserts which is common in most places like this; unfortunately, there were any.
3	We went to this place for my birthday, earlier this year.Although none of the servers was actually from Brazil, this is a legit carvery! The previous reviews are correct, the salad bar is just regular.However, their service was efficient & friendly, all the meat was very fresh & flavorful and dessert was excellent!Recommend it!
3	First time here.  Husband b-day lunch buffet .  Salad bar was good.  Hot food as far the vegetables was ok.  3 meats offer was good.  I enjoyed the rice pudding.  Service was excellent.
5	Really enjoyed this place.  The lunch buffet was amazing. Great steak!! Great price!! Great service!!  Nice price!!
5	WOW! How did I NOT discover this place earlier! At the Taste of Charlotte, this place ALWAYS has the longest lines....now I know why. The food is really tasty! Went here for a lunch on Monday.....I did NOT know that each day features a special ethnic flavor....Monday is Indian Food...one of my very faves!So I had ther Chicken Tikki Massala, and it was OUTSTANDING! I didn't think it would be THAT good....all the creamy and rich goodness that CTM has. Very flavorful....I thought I was in a classic Indian restaurant! And the Vegetable Korma...with coconut milk? Oh my! All over Sweet Basmati rice....YUMMY!I haven't even gotten to the MEAT yet! Before I do, let me tell you that they have a nice assortment of side "salad" dishes, like Pasta, Tuna, Potato, etc. And of course regular salads (including Caesar). For lunch they offer Sirloin, Turkey and Pork Loin....all VERY good! Lots of flavor and tender!All this for $11.95...which includes a drink. Lots of places will charge you an extra $3 for the drink so to have it included is really great! Not a cheap lunch but a very good one for the money. My only objection is that this place for lunch does NOT promote whatever diet you're on....so save it for that "cheat" day or when you know you won't be having a big dinner.Definitely have to return for dinner. Overall outstanding!
3	Went to this spot based off of the reviews and it wasn't as great as I thought. To me it was the flavor of everything. My first plate was actually delicious. Enjoyed the asparagus and pasta.The chicken soup was fresh and I loved that.  Was on the salty.I order the chicken marinated which came with mashed potatoes, green beans, and a fresh spinach salad with balsamic dressing. I was not fond at all of anything but the salad. There was something about those mashed potatoes I couldn't put my finger on and the same with chicken.The food wasn't my cup if tea.4 stars for customer service, everyone was helpful and great!
1	My Girlfriend suggested us to go there for dinner last night we had reservation for Chima originally last night and changed the reservation to Brazz.I was SUPER disappointed with the food and service. I guess the people who Voted Brazz never had a good restaurant experience before.The Food was 3 on scale of 1-10 (10 is the best of course) service was just ok.We waited probably 8-10 min to get some more meat and the Chicken they served was almost sushi grade. They had ok salad bar.I will NEVER spend my money at this place again and I do NOT suggest any of my friends go and eat here.We should have kept our reservation for Chima.EPIC FAIL....
5	Became a fan right away at the taste of Charlotte after having their steak and scallop wrap. Went there last Friday which was the first day of restaurant week. They offer 10 meat Brazilian buffet and nice wine. Only $30/person. Their strawberry cheesecake was great too. Excellent environment and location, a lovely park right outside the restaurant and an underground parking lot right there. I had a really good night.
2	So I was excited to try this place. I've never been to a Brazilian steak house and a group of us were looking for a fun restaurant during restaurant week and a few of our party had been here and gave great reviews. This however is not one of those great reviews....Now the host staff was great. I made reservations a few days in advance for a party of 4 and the day of went from a party of 4 to 6 and they were more then accommodating even given that it was restaurant week and they were booked. Another big star was the food! I've never had quite a dining experience like this! The chefs brought as much food as we could want to our table and everything was delicious! The sides they offered at the shared buffet were also hot and appetizing and kept fresh! Not sure how much it is when it's not restaurant week but we all got our money's worth!Now the not so great..... As much as the food and hostess were well above par I will not be returning. Our server Clinton made the experience annoying and unfulfilled. This being a fine dining experience I believe Clintons talents would be better served at a Waffle House. He was the worst sort of server. Showed up at the beginning and end of the meal only. He did not seem to enjoy his job at all. The drinks were brought by another server. Our plates were cleared by SA's. All extra adult beverages were ordered by a girl server (who largely took care of our party of 6). I don't know her name but she was beyond helpful stopping whenever we were looking around for Clinton. She even over heard our party singing a quiet Happy Birthday and without asking brought the birthday girl a candle lit dessert to celebrate. She was beyond amazing and having her as a server would have changed a large chunk of this review. When Clinton finally came over to explain desserts that are clearly displayed next to the buffet he was shocked and surprised to already see an empty Flan plate with no knowledge or care that there was a birthday at the table. Something he would have caught if he interacted with his guests in any way. Now while my dismal service experience can be over looked with the attentiveness of the server who didn't get the added 18% grat on our 6 top this final chapter cannot be overlooked. A young man who worked there stood at an opening on and off during the night and almost every time I saw him he was visibly eating. He mouth full munching on something. The he went as far as licking his fingers after!!! Multiple times! Then while licking his fingers brought us our boxes up desserts!! The level of health code violations were too much to handle! Just eww. Just glad no one got sick after eating there. Next time I'm sticking to Chima's I hear their better anyway.
1	Absolutely NOT a Brazilian steakhouse. Do not be fooled! I have been here in two occasions and on both of them were completely disappointing. The owner is not even Brazilian and clearly has no idea what a Brazilian steakhouse is. The food itself is not terrible but it is served cold in a buffet style and the barbecued meat is brought only once and sliced wrong. As Brazilian and authentic gaucho myself I would never return and never call this place a Brazilian steakhouse.
4	I enjoyed this buffet style of American (majority) and Indian food menu offerings.  As mentioned in other review, the chicken tikka masala was very good.  Likely the best I've had.  Very creamy, very tender chicken. There are plenty of salad and healthy choices. There is a carving station with sirloin, pork loin and turkey, which I liked in that order.  The turkey was obviously brined to keep it moist and it was moist, but also quite salty. The sirloin was nice. Banana pudding for dessert on the buffet.  Like I said, it's a mix of offerings, and banana pudding is a southern staple. All for $15.  I'll return for sure!
5	This is a GREAT date place. I've taken my girlfriend here twice for various occasions and neither time has disappointed. The steaks are cooked to desired temperature and they keep it flowing the whole night at a good pace. For all the UNCC students it's a little price but well worth it if you have a little extra money to impress someone.
