4	I was introduced to this pilates studio by Groupon. I was able to get 4 beginner reformer classes for $29. This was my very first time trying pilates and using a reformer, so these classes were perfect. The instructors were great, very encouraging and helpful for a pilates newbie like me. I enjoyed every minute.I would definitely recommend this studio. The staff is friendly. The studio is clean and well equipped. The group classes are small (5 people max) so instructors can still give you some individual attention. They also have convenient online scheduling.This studio also offers barre classes (in conjunction with the barre studio in Town Square) and have since newly offered a quicker paced pilates class.
5	I also took a beginner pilates class at A Body in Balance, which is at the same studio as Barre Las Vegas, and the class was really good and great to ease you into pilates and get used to the reformer, which is the equipment you use to do pilates.  For those who have never seen one before, it loosely reminds me of a rowing machine in that the seat moves, but more complex because there are springs to adjust the tension.I was surprised to see how small the studio is.  There are only enough reformers for 5 students, and only 3 students were in my class, so I definitely got a lot of attention.  One thing that I thought was confusing--I used a Living Social coupon for this deal, and the deal did not link to the A Body in Balance, so I didn't know how to sign up for a pilates class until I went to the Barre Las Vegas studio in person.  Also, I find it strange that the Barre Las Vegas website mentions pilates but does not have a visible link to their website.
3	This studio shares space with a barre studio.  I took two pilates reformer classes using a groupon that gave me two barre classes and two pilates classes for $29.  They only let me take the beginning pilates reformer classes with the groupon.  So if you've done a lot of pilates reformer and are just looking for a new studio, call before getting the groupon.You have to make reservations for the pilates classes.  They can only take 5 people at a time. The entire studio for both businesses is pretty tiny so if you are waiting for another class to get out, even with only five people it can be pretty cramped waiting in the foyer for this class.You need to take four beginning reformer classes before they will let you take the regular reformer classes.  I didn't find the beginning classes to be very interesting or challenging.  But the instructors are nice and will help you adjust the springs to make it more challenging. But by the time you figure out that the exercise is doing nothing for you and adjust the springs, the class has moved onto something else.  I didn't really learn much about the springs in the beginning class so I could do it myself.  I always needed to ask the instructor to know which springs to add or take off.  They are color coded and the colors mean something, but I don't know what. There wasn't really time to ask as we transitioned to a new exercise.The schedule was pretty limited.  I found it tough to even make two classes.  Many were full and only 1 or 2 beginning classes per week fit with my schedule.  With the groupon, you need to use the 2 classes within 30 days, which I didn't think would be a problem but it actually was a bit of a struggle.The classes are pretty expensive.  While I was there, they offered $109/biweekly for unlimited pilates reformer or $249/month for unlimited pilates reformer and barre classes.  Unlimited means only one pilates reformer class per day, max. Classes are about $20-30 each otherwise, depending on how many classes you buy. You can pay $75 for a private class.  There are a bunch of different packages on their website.I never made it past the beginning stage.  I hope the regular reformer classes are better than the beginning ones.  As I said, the teachers were nice and helpful.  The studio is close to home.  But given the cost, limited schedule, and reservation requirement will likely keep me away.
5	I really really like this studio. I started with wait list classes and got into both of those classes. The receptionist called me about an hour or two before each class to confirm it and it actually shows you online as well. The studio is small and clean. The machines look a bit torturous but are actually a lot of fun. I've had three different instructors and they all have different but effective teaching methods. The classes are never exactly the same and the instructors are great at giving you modifications if you have an injury of some type.
5	I'm so grateful for this studio!  I've been coming for a couple of years, 4-6 days a week.  Though I have a reformer at home, I look forward to my classes at A Body In Balance because the staff is exceptional, knowledgeable, professional, and friendly.  They possess an expertise that helps me get the most of my workout.  I always feel great because they sequence the routines to give a full-body workout without stressing and muscle group unduly.  Since coming here for Pilates, I no longer require chiropractic therapy.  Money well spent!
1	I wanted to love this place, but there were two things that just sucked and the overshadowed the positive things this studio had to offerfirst- you can't sign up for a monthly membership without taking a classso pay 15.00 for class, signup same day and you have to pay 15.00 plus monthly membership (if you try and schedule classes the same day you signup you pretty much lose a week -very hard to get in classes same day or next day)second- I got in a car accident on 9/24 midway through my package and they did extend my package 7 days which was nice, but I have 3 bulging discs and a spinal tear so 7 days was meaninglessSo I pretty much paid close to 200.00 to attend class 9 timesI understand businesses have to make money but pilates is one of those things you don't want students to attend if they are injured.
