1	I wish I could put negative stars in but 1 is the lowest allowed. The front desk staff and nurse are very professional and kind. I was DISGUSTED by Dr.ADA not only due to her verbal comments but rough handling of my children. My children were never so afraid and mistreated by a DR. as they were with her. I have no idea how she can continue to 'care' for people since CARE is not part of her terminology !!!  I will NEVER recommend her and if I am ever asked whom to refer a person to a DR I will definitely  tell them to avoid that practice at ALL costs !!  The 'DR' judged me and my children and her care and mannerisms were abusive !!! Both my children and I were in TEARS when we left !!
1	wow so all of the previous reviews were right on the mark. I wish I would've been able to read them before i took my child to see Dr. Dickinson. She is rude and so is her front staff. Originally they could not do anything or answer any questions without talking to her first. That was the first red flag. I told her my child is extremely afraid of needles and asked if we could give my daughter the nasal spray for the flu vaccine rather than the shot.....I let her convince me to try and it would be ok....it was not ok and she pretty much held her down and gave it to her. I still continued to stay there thinking Dr. Dickinson is rather militant but really that's not the correct word for her. She's mean. She tries to talk way above your head and you'll walk out thinking...what just happened? So anyways, I finally decided to switch when she messed up my daughter's prescription twice. They were both written wrong and she increased the dosage when we clearly discussed leaving it the same til she gained more weight. It's a prescription for hyperactivity. Not something you really want to play around with.  I called later to see about the medical records being transferred over and the lady sighed into the phone loud as if to say she didn't want to be bothered. I'm so done with that place. Don't take your child there please go somewhere else. I attempted to transfer my children over to Providence Pediatrics Ballantyne. I'll leave my review there.....good luck with that! What ever happened to good customer service??!! i'm not asking for anything complicated!
1	Terrible service... Enough said
1	Terrible service, here, my son is no longer a patient here, the service is terrible, the only good thing I can say is the  male receptionist is nice, but for as the doctor and her assistance 4 thumbs down.  The office gave me and my husband the biggest run around. My son were getting some test done, results came in but they could not determine the results, then they sent us to a lab, got results back again, they could not read them, then for the 3rd time they ask us to come back.  What made it worst is that they would not communicate with us on the phone they needed us to come in to the office. So far my husband missed 2 days of work, and additional they wanted us come in again twice, basically 4 days missed from work because of they bull crap! They will never see us again.
