5	there's more than bike-fixing going on here.  there's a real community of people from tempe who are into all sorts of rad things.if you are the sort of person who feels like the phoenix-area has nothing cool going for it, spend a few nights hanging out here, and if your mind isn't changed, there's no hope for you.
5	My favorite mode of transport had been sitting in my hallway for about a week with a front flat. I went tonight to Bike Saviours for Wednesday's Ladies Night! Yeeees, it's Ladies Night! And instead of paying at another repair shop I thought I'd wait for this event so I could  do the work myself, with guidance, since I have almost no tools here. The kindly Allison ran the whole show, helping myself and 4 other Ladies to fix their bikes, or shall I say teaching us to fix our bikes, and showing 2 others the ropes of shop organization. She's a good teacher, talking the Ladies through their bike issues, showing us what to do, then leaving us to do the work on our own, as she continued to check in with us all, back and forth...I paid a dollar for my part, (a tube), and that was that. But I used glue and a patch and their tools, and I was there nearly an hour! So I left a tip in the jar but still felt like it wasn't quite enough. I hadn't done that kinda work on my bike since I was a kid (my dad, a maker and fixer of all things, taught me all that stuff! and I've been a commuter biker for years so I don't know how I've been living! I guess I'd just gotten into the habit of taking my bikes to the shop when I needed repair. It felt sooooo good getting all sweaty and greasy and making that deep soul "ugh" sound whilst contorting my body, leaning in and out trying to screw the nuts off......Oh, what was I reviewing again? Oh yeah, Bike Saviours. Ride bikes and give them your support.
5	This place is so cooli was startled to find that Tempe has something like thisIt reminded me of the C.A.T. in Eugene.There are soo many bike parts, and tools, frames of all kindsfrom what i've learned is that you can pay a small sum and build your own bicycle here, or offer to volunteer and have your bike for free by working off the debti came here a while back to see if they had anything of interest, and wouldnt you know it that on my way a nut and bolt fell off of my stirrup so i thought perfect, now i can get anotherthe dude running the operation didnt charge me a thingso i left like a $1 in the tip jarit's such a priveledge to have something like this for the community, i just hope enough ppl reinvest their time into it so it can exist for generations of cyclists to come.
4	Don't stop get it get it let me put some umpf in it! So I had a recurring flat going on with my back tire. *Not Cool* I heard about Bike Saviours but being a newbie to the city and not one to believe the hype decided not to stop by. Wish I would have sooner! I walked JudyGoodBar into the building and low and behold there were 3 work stations with men working on their bikes of all sorts. To my surprise I was the least bit intimidated about being the only dame working on my JGB (there were other birds there but they were standing next to their men for moral support I guess) Well the last time I fixed a flat I was about seven and I forgot how easy it was, and I can't remember the man's name that was assisting me, but I was grateful that he instructed me from a distance so I learned how to use the tools. The sour part of my experience was that I have an old 92' Murray legend road bike with the step through frame and my tires are 26 1 3/8th which are a rare find, long story short I was in the shop for 2 hours trying to find a suitable inner tube for my tire. If that wasn't the issue the work would have taken about 30 minutes. None the less I had a blast and I got my barbie pink finger nails grimy and I got to sweat a bit. I also was able to adjusted my shifter cables which reminds me I need to put bike tools on my Christmas wish list preferably pink, periwinkle blue or a purple case. *Fingers X* My bill totaled a whopping $6 and I threw some extra dough in the tip jar and hopped on my favorite gal, tuned my IPod to some classic ska and took her for a cruise around the hood like I use to. Overall I have to say this is the go to place for beginners to the pros, the price range is reasonable the employees know what you need and are always around to lend some advice if asked. I am psyched to start the Wednesday ladies night and get my nails smudged again!
4	I am excited to have found this place. I think it's a great-kept secret. So, I was yelping along looking for a place to get my bike adjusted. The basics just needed a little moving around-- the brakes, the gears, no big deal. I was terrified I would have to shell out fifty bucks for something that I could do myself in ten minutes... if I only knew how! Lo and behold, the Bike Saviours Co-Op. I wasn't sure how a co-op works for this sort of thing, but based on the website, they explain that they "teach you" how to do basic repairs while they work on it, and I thought that was perfect! They are only open limited hours, so I went during their Sunday hours at 2 p.m. They are located right behind the Sunset Clothing Exchange and all that indicates they are there is an open door and a little sign. So I pull up my bike and go to talk to the guy at the front desk who resembles an old gold miner with a long grey beard and a rough visage. He directs me to sign a waiver and points me to a bike stand in the center area. This is a cramped garage with lots of bike racks of parts and bikes for sale for cheap, and there are tools scattered everywhere. You can tell there are a lot of regulars and the guys and girls know their stuff, but it's not "professional" by any means. A guy who works there for tips, along with just a member of the community that helps out showed me how to adjust my brakes, checked out the gears, and put my basket on :) They only jibed me for keeping the Huffy stickers on. Overall, it's an easygoing place, but don't expect any bells and whistles. I gave them a $15 donation and was on my merry way with a bike that will actually stop correctly now... Thanks Bike Saviours!
5	Great tools, people and a decent used parts selection and rock bottom prices.Ever want to work on your bike but lack the tools? Or know how?  That is where this place comes in. They have all of the tools and many friendly people who can show you what to do (they want you to learn). If you need parts they may have it in their inventory of used / donated bike parts. They are only open 3 days a week so plan accordingly (Sunday afternoons Monday evening and Thurs evening.)If you have a bike you want to grease up, work on or get working again stop by.They also have some good prices on nicer things that have been donated like SPD SL road pedals for $20 etc. Note this is for your around town type bike, if you have a serious mountain bike or road/tri bike this is not for you unless you want to learn how to work on your own bike and help others learn.
4	I came here with a really old bike last year.  It was an old fixed gear with a break system that made you have to jerk the pedals back in order to stop.  The staff here were very knowledgeable and, although they didn't have the parts to help me, let me know how I could fix my problem temporarily (the bike was so old that probably finding the part may prove to be more expensive in the long run).If you have bike questions and need a space with tools to tune up your wheels, come here.  You will not be disappointed.
5	Enjoyed this place as a student -- paid $50 and pieced together a 1994 Giant Sedona for campus transport (which turned into a weekend Papago Park trail duster), helped my buddies buy: ~1990's Bianchi MTB for the same purpose ($50); ~1990's Diamondback, same purpose ($25!); ~2005 IronHorse DHMTB ($75); and tons of parts. Was a lot of fun!Good management keeping costs low, morale high!
