1	This is the worst nail person I have ever been to. She spent the first ten minutes loudly bashing Asian salons and me for going to them. By then I was wondering why I wasn't at my local friendly Asian salon. She was unprofessional - to the point of making me feel very uncomfortable. Her sister was in the very tiny room with her & they were arguing. She had a reality tv show blasting that she would comment on - as if she was one of the characters. She answered her phone several times - screaming at her poor children. She stopped working every time she got a text to reply and to bitch about it. I went in for a gel manicure - there was no manicure. She claims to pamper her clients - she makes it very clear she does not care & just wants you out of there. My nails looked like a 3 year old had painted them & I was too lazy to clean them up. I thought it was just me - but my sister wrote a nice rating, gave her a second chance & paid to be treated horribly a second time!!!  Please don't give Christine your money - she will wreck your nails and make you feel horrible!!
5	I have been looking for a nail tech that can satisfy me, a person who is friendly, knowledgeable, thorough and most of all knows what the hell they are doing. I have found all these qualities and many more in Christine. when I called her she was very nice and she is well organized. I like the fact that she uses quality products and can keep up with the fashion and styles of nails today. I live on the other side of town and right across the street from a nail salon, but I choose to drive the distance for quality and professionalism. I usually don't blog about things because I'm too busy but when someone is good and you get a bunch of compliments on your nails, you just wanna let everyone know.
5	I found Christene two years ago when I was looking for affordable MINX for my bday. She was on time and very professional and I haven't gone anywhere else! She does great work!
5	Went to see Christine last week after being referred by a friend.  I've worn acrylic nails for around 25 year and have only had a handful of people do them. My last tech worked on me for about 8 years then just up and moved. I had a set put on in my local area but they just didn't do. Christine did everything I asked.  Took off the old set with absolutely no pain and pretty quick too. Asked what I liked and did an amazing job with my hands. I wear my nails pretty long and it takes a while to do them but she was great.  Had no problem making them look fabulous.  She was professional and gentle all while making sure i was comfortable. Recommend? ?? Absolutely!!!
1	Went her for a gel set (Groupon Deal) terrible job. No base coat just color which chipped four days later. Won't be going back.After this was posted I received a text message from Christina calling me a liar...really?! What nerve.April 8thAgain Christina is refusing to be truthful 1. I saved both her text in which she clearly     writes I am not truthful2. She tell me at the end of my visit     "When I come back for my second set of      gels she will apply a base coat because       of my nail ridges3.   My nails were not in terrible shape. In       fact I get manicures at least twice a      month4.   She did not say there was a possibility       if my nails chipping. 5.   Every person I know who has gel       nails did not think my nails looked      good and ask if she (Christina)       put a base coat.Finally, the job was poor and Christina needs to understand the purpose of YELPto share our personal opinion HONESTLY.
5	I moved to Las Vegas earlier this year and was looking for a designated manicurist for gel nails.  I found Christine on Groupon and I have gone back several times since.  She even offered me the opportunity to get the same rate of the Groupon if I booked at my first appointment.   I've been getting gel nails for a while and she is diligent about every step.  I'm also a fan of her wide selection of colors.  Yelp just makes me laugh because of people who get on here and try to completely sabotage someone's business when really you probably tried to build a piece of furniture and your mani just chipped.  Find something better to do people seriously!  In the meantime, thank you Christine...I am a fan :)
1	Do NOT got this place. I'm so mad I did not want to tip the man. The nail tech who did my pedicure had a horrible attitude and almost refused to do what I asked! (I was only there for 40 minutes and I saw another tech do it to somebody else)Anyway, I have dark nails so I like a white base coat so that my colors are more defined, he was so confused and said it wouldn't look right. He put on the base coat and then refused to finish. Then they proceeded to talk about me in Chinese!
1	Save your $$$ my nails look horrible when i went outside and took a good look they are shaped different some have hills and valleys some are flat and my right thumb looks like a humpback whale.  Not to mention the hand painted flowers. I could have gotten a better job done at opportunity village and they would have be friendlier too.  I just wanted to cry
5	Christine did a great job on my nails , everything seemed very sterile and it was actually very nice to have it be a personal little space , nice spot to get a way to a quiet room and get what you need done and leave happy . Will be back in three weeks
5	The biggest testament to Christine's work is that I've been going to her for three years and have yet to break a nail.She is insanely creative. I have never told her what to do and yet every time she creates a unique look just for me.She is extremely friendly... After just a few appointments you quickly feel like you are not only a valued customer, but you are a friend.
1	LV Nails by Christine in Body Spa on Charleston and Durango. Las Vegas.I purchased a Gel Manicure through GROUPON - and the vendor was ' LV Nails by Christine in Body Spa' on Charleston and Durango.I verbally set the appointment up with Christine several days prior.   I go into the Salon for the time we verbally confirmed on and she takes my Groupon -- scans and redeems the code, and then tells me I did not have an appointment until the following week, then precedes to call me a liar -- and tells me she never told me that date and time.   She then tells me she sent me an email confirming the date and time, and I asked to see it, cause I told her I did NOT receive an email just a verbal confirmation for today's appointment....but she COULD NOT find the email -- then she starts yelling at me that she knows she sent it  ?????I HAVE had my nails done for years and years, and I can NEVER EVER EVER, recall a Nail girl being a RUDE OBNOXIOUS person - -they are always as NICE as can be.   The only reason I got this, is because my nail girl doesn't do gels, and I wanted to try it out.  I WILL NEVER go back to that shop and have to look at that RUDE Christine woman again !Now I have to deal with fighting Groupon to get a refund, for a code that she ALREADY redeemed without doing my nails!!!   Hope this doesn't happen to ANYONE else.....that is why I took more of my time today to write this !!!EPIC FAILED ATTITUDE by Christine !!!!B. Larson
4	Just want to vouch for Christina regarding the situation with Bev L on 11/2/14; I walked in for my appt as Bev was freaking out over a miscommunication about appt times.  Christina tried to confirm the correct appt time & offered a refund while Bev carried on & eventually walked out.  I was mid-manicure when she called yelling about a refund, & Christine assured her she would call Groupon for a refund.  The whole situation was out of control, and Bev's yelling drew the attention of other folks in the salon.  I recommend Bev get a massage so she can relax & avoid verbally assaulting others over minor miscommunications.  Groupon is a great marketing tool, but the class of clientele looking for a service for pennies on the dollar is no bargain for the nail techs trying to build a business!I'm happy with my gel nails & I'm glad I tried this deal despite the drama.
