4	Great new spot on the second floor of the freshly opened College Avenue Commons. Vantage point from the patio offers great views and a modern, classier edge for the sophisticated ASU faculty member or administrative staff. They have happy hour deals including $1 off house wines and $5 beers (think local craft from San Tan). The small menu offers nibbles but this prime location is a great starting point for a Friday Happy Hour. Soon to join the area: Local fave Postino and Snooze. Overall, worth a chance to hob-nob with Dr. Crow and his elite inner circle.
4	An extremely cool location - a place to get wine, beer, coffee, food, in the same building as ASU's great new campus store.  Its a nice space, with a good vibe, that includes a patio overlooking College Ave.  We stopped there pre-game before the Stanford game and it was a great place to have a couple of beers and look out over the  game day crowd.  Nice to be able to enjoy a relaxed off-Mill avenue place to hang out and support ASU.  Please give them a try - you'll enjoy it.
4	ASU opened this place up during the fall 2014 semester, and it's a nice place to stop by and relax. I walk past it a couple times a week on the way to and from class; it's an extremely convenient location for students and offers everything you need for a casual lunch experience with friends.I've stopped by a few times during lunch for the $5 beers and sandwiches. It's actually a really awesome venue with a very modern interior and an expansive balcony. I thought it was poised to be the perfect addition to College Avenue... that was, until Postino opened up right across the street with their happy hour specials. Still, Pitchfork & Corks is a great place to stop by and it seems to be frequently used by ASU faculty and their special guests.
4	We stopped in yesterday for a glass of wine and dessert on the patio.  We brought our dog and enjoyed hanging out on the patio with her.  Great space with great views of A mountain.  They have a nice selection of nibbles, wine and sweet treats too.  Our server was friendly and took good care of us.
