1	Don't get me wrong. I like Delta. As a carrier, I think they have some of the best domestic product in the air. I've been with US Airways and with Continental as an elite flier and even though it costs me time to connect in Atlanta or Detroit, I still choose to fly Delta. Their smartphone app works well, their flight schedules work for me, their Sky Clubs are in many airports and nearly all of their aircraft have wifi. They fly the fewest "lawn darts" and have a mostly narrow body fleet - A319, A320, MD-80, MD-90 and lots of Boeing 737's. As a business traveler with Platinum status (over 90 segments a year), I think that they suck the least of any of the carriers today.My problem with Delta is that at the Charlotte airport, they have a huge issue with the later flights. When you arrive after, say, 10PM, they simply don't have enough gates for the number of aircraft that are parked overnight. They have A1/A3/A5/A7 on one side and A8 (the old Northwest gate) on the other. And when the next aircraft arrives, they haven't quite moved the plane out of the way.So here's how it goes when you're on that late flight. Your plane lands and taxis. And then you stop in what we call "the penalty box" - a large parking area between concourses A and B. The pilot comes on the overhead and says something like "Sorry, folks. Our gate is currently occupied by another aircraft. We'll be here for about 10 minutes while the ramp crew moves that one for us. Please remain in your seats with your seatbelt fastened." It's all very polite and it usually ends up being 20 minutes, but it's still a crappy way to arrive.I don't know that the problem's going to get any better in the short term. In the medium-term (a year from now?) once American and US Airways merge, the two gates that American uses at the end of the A concourse (A9 and A11) will give them a bit more elbow room. And in the long-term (four or five years from now?), Charlotte airport will have built an additional concourse that will be along the area where the rental cars are today. But for now, it sucks.None of this is going to make me stop flying Delta. They'll get better.On the plus side, Delta's staff in Charlotte are awesome. Stephanie in particular does a great job as a gate agent. I've seen her gracefully take abuse from passengers that would have a normal person slapping someone upside the head. And the luggage comes out pretty quickly onto the carousel, usually with the Sky Priority bags being first.
4	Plug for your cell phone is good enough for me. With airline mergers going on at rapid pace - pretty soon we will be left with only one airline.Comfortable seats - only problem is that most seats besides in the middle, require an up-charge. Domestically, I had to pay from $9 to $59 per leg to get slightly better seats.
1	This isn't necessarily for the Charlotte hub but for Delta as a whole.  They have posters everywhere stating building a better airline not a bigger airline.  Based on my experiences the last four weeks I am now convinced these are a misprint.  As a consistent platinum or diamond traveller (100k+) annually, I fly Delta as they are the best of the worse.  However, somebody needs to tell Richard Anderson, the CEO, that he isn't building a better airline.  He's building a worse airline.  The last four weeks I've experienced mechanical issues on just about every flight, numerous cancelled flights and rude customer service agents, particularly at the Atlanta hub.  Don't even get me started on baggage handling.  I've now joined the masses in doing carry on because of the inept delta baggage handling.  Not sure what is happening at Delta but it is definitely going in the wrong direction.
4	It's time to update my review of the Delta operation at Charlotte airport. They've improved. I've arrived on more of those late night "last flight of the day" arrivals and the waits are shorter. That's been my big beef. As well, the few times I check luggage it seems to arrive quick enough and with the yellow "Sky Priority" tags as the first onto the belt. This is a good thing.Keep improving, Delta.
5	We had issues with a misspelled name on our ticket and the staff was so helpful in getting it changed in a timely matter. Also, Jordan, one of our flight attendants, was the most amazing and pleasant flight attendant ever! Made everyone laugh and was very entertaining.
4	I do not fly Delta that often mainly because they don't have a ton of directly flights out of Charlotte but Cincinnati happens to be a place they do fly direct. Checkined in online flight was on time and actually landed a few mins early.They are one of the few airlines that still give you a snack and soft drink even on short flights.
