5	It means more to me than anything to see a Japanese person succeed in America. It's very difficult to run a small business. The hardships you must endure to barely allow your business to just merely survive one more month are indescribable. I'm not going to make this a detailed argument about politics, but whenever a democrat is in office, small business(most particularly Asian owned business) will struggle. There is a misconception that if you own a business that you are "rich". In reality the owners of these establishments put their life savings on the line to buy these small stores. They cannot afford to hire workers, or pay workers comp insurance, etc. Everyone in the family works over 12 hours a day to barely allow the business to break even. As a 4th generation Asian-American, no one supports small business more than I do. I would prefer to shop here any day over mega Asian markets such as Greenland, 168, and Seafood City. Mini Mart Japan is a great resource here in LV. They have just about everything you need when it comes to making basic Japanese food at home. They have a great selection of Japanese candies, and candy from other Asian countries that are popular in Japan.  Also, they have DVDs of current television shows in Japan that are impossible to find online. I come here for that Special Instant Ramen that tastes almost like what you find at your favorite Ramen-Ya. Also, I like to stock up on Green Tea and Mochi Kit Kats!!Japanese products have a very quick expiration date. For example, we can buy Kit Kats at any convenient store or Wal-Mart, but when you open the package the Kit Kat will taste hard, stale, and have that white chalky stuff all over it. A Kit Kat from Japan will never be like that. It will be moist, fresh, and full of flavor. It features no chemical preservatives, but may have a shorter self life. That's why you will have to pay extra, but to me it is far worth the extra dollar. I know that many of you FOB Asians and 2nd generation Asian-Americans don't understand my point of view when it comes to supporting other Asians in America. I read your Yelp reviews and see how you bash other Asian owned businesses and give harsh bullying reviews.  In the last decade, I've seen the Asian community in America become very disconnected and spiteful of each other. Everyone wants to be "white" now, and no one supports each other. Asian-Americans are indeed the highest economic earning group in America. No other race makes more money than us according to ALL studies. Do you know how we got to that place? Because a long time ago we used to support each other, and help each other succeed. So, let's keep it that way. Let's remain on top of the food chain here in America. Instead of condemning businesses like this for being "too small" and "not fancy",  lets band together again like old times. I encourage all Japanese-Americans in LV to support businesses like JAPAN MINI MART, and other small business in LV.
5	I was on the hunt for some Green Tea Kit Kats and I happened to find this place through a google search.It's a small little store with a lot of sweet varieties. I need to come back to try out all of the yummy things they had, I was able to get my kit Kats and noodles.Prices are reasonable and the owners are really nice. Plus it's good to support small businesses.
5	This place is small, but what they sell here makes them look big!Case in point. I was sittin outside having a frap from Starbucks. Lookin around I see an Einsteins's Bagels, The Loose Caboose, Thai Spice, and then all of a sudden, you see this little space with Japan Mini Mart over it.That's when I remembered my wife's friend brought us back Green Tea Kit Kat from her trip in Japan. So naturally I was very excited at the thought that these guys might actually have it. To my very pleasant surprise, they had it! *doing the happy dance right now!Of course they have all other sorts of miscellaneous items but to me at that moment, finding those Kit Kat were all that mattered! The owners are very nice and they speak good english! So I will be back for sure! Plus supporting your local businesses is always a good thing!
4	Small but packed with all the essentials!  I found everything I need here from Hawaii and Japan.  Prices are decent.  The store is super adorable and everything is organized.  I would love to rent videos here if I were to live in Vegas.  Just a warning if you're bigger you might have trouble shopping in the aisles... very small space.  :)
5	I love supporting locally owned businesses.  I have been trying to get to Japan Mini Mart for awhile, but am not often in this area of town.  I had gone once before on a Monday only to discover they were closed (my fault for not checking).  I pretty much toured international grocery stores all weekend for an agenda of nothing but cooking, and I had a blast!  Heather K. and I had just come from Sheffield and Tokyo Discount.  The entire drive to Japan Mini Mart, I was eating norishio (nori salt) Cheetos!!  I finished the entire bag by the time we parked, and was very happy to see more in stock here at Japan Mini Mart.  I have since portioned the cheetos bags into ziplocs to control my intake at snack time, but dang are they genius!Entering Japan Mini Mart, we were greeted by what appears to be a husband and wife team.  Though small, this place packs many great goods, including snacks, sweets, frozen items, prepared foods (croquettes, etc.), fish, takuan and other pickles, and drinks.  Heather K. must be a good trained friend because she immediately spotted refrigerated bottles of yuzu juice, the same small bottles I would hoof it to Nippon Daido in Houston to buy.  Along the aisles were noodles, seaweed, s&b seasonings, tobanjan, and all sorts of other useful condiments.  What I did get here which I have had a really hard time locating is usukuchi soy sauce.  There was an even an area for cooking and cleaning supplies, and a tamago pan!  You really can have it all!On the register side was an aisle full of snacks, treats, gums, and even sushi stickers!!!  I am glad Heather K. spotted those for me to add to my extremely enormous sushi collection that will one day be a shrine when I have room to spread it out.  The owner was very kind and we had a nice discussion about the many items I planned to cook.  There is a stamp card here just like Japan Creek has which offers a stamp for every $10 spent.  Upon mentioning that we traversed town to visit the mini mart, the owner told us we should visit Japan Creek!  I think it is really nice that she would support a competitor, but luckily we all have the same mission here: supply people with great Japanese ingredients!
3	Tiny little place with prices a few dollars more on each item I compared with Int'l Marketplace. $$$
5	A very small store, Not a wide variety, but it does have alot of great stuff. The people are very friendly, and the prices are more moderate
