4	Very quick service if you ask for it - just a simple watch battery change out - and with the coupon, very affordable
5	Serious Truth In Advertising...  Ok, so I don't usually like commercials and often will change the channel for the really annoying ones... however Brownlee's psuedo jim Cramer-esque campaign made me laugh and stuck in my brain.My girlfriend had some old jewlery to sell, and so I thought of Brownlee, l looked on Yelp and got some other ideas as well. We went to the store, everyone was very nice and professional, but true to the commercials it was a "low overhead" store. We stood at the counter watching the jewler examine pieces and scrible numbers on a small pad.  After about 30 minutes, and the occasional pacing, a number was given. It was less than she wanted based on a previous "insurance appraisal".  Next we went to a big name place in a big name Gold building, in South Park... very swanky setup and really nice stuff... we waited in the lobby until called ... went to a back room full of diplomas and high tech microscopes and such. Very friendly and professional gemologist, the surroundings were so nice .. I half expected a glass of champagne.I expected the quotes to be off by a small percentage ... maybe $100 or so. In fact Brownlee offered 54% more than the gold building place, which was several thousand$.... needless to say we flew back before they closed ... and yes the check cleared !
5	I've had to let go of some jewelry some of which was a little sentimental. I have gone to Brownlee in the past and sold some items. They have always been excellent and trustworthy to work with. This time, I was with a friend and before just selling my items she suggested I just go one more place to get a quote. I was terribly disappointed. They weren't so nice and I got a better price at Brownlee. Their ads are correct. They pay the better price for buying your gold. I will always make Brownlee my place to go and to recommend. They are curteous, professional and a quality store. I highly recommend it.
4	The Park Road Shopping Center has it all, including this narrow jewelry store. It has been a while since I've been jewelry shopping and all those shiny pieces made me drool with envy. I stopped in here due mainly to the convenient location. I had a couple dead batteries in my watches and a couple necklaces to be fixed. I'm not sure about repair pricing, but it seemed pretty steep to pay $18 per necklace to reattach a link. Ah, well, they are fixed and I can start wearing them again!It felt like time travel walking into the place. It looks "Mom and Pop" with friendly sales associates dressed professionally and ready to help each customer who walks in their door. I kind of enjoyed that feeling rather than the big box jewelry stores on each corner of the mall. They have every jewelry piece you can think of for anyone on your gift giving list!
5	I absolutely Love Harold and the staff at Brownlee Park Road. I Have been their customer for over 20 years now, and would not think of doing business with any other jeweler.  Why is that? Great value, great service - CONSISTENTLY.   Pat J. Schulz  (Charlotte, NC) - FB
5	We purchased our wedding bands from the Park road location. The service was excellent helping us find exactly what we were looking for. When no wedding band matched exactly, we had ours custom made and they came out even better than expected. They were up front about the timing and what they would do to make the molding etc. I enjoyed my experience with brownlee jewelers and the staff. I will go back for my next jewelery purchase.
5	Great service.  Total transaction took about 15mins. Got $722 for five pcs of old jewelry. I almost fell out when Michelle told me the amount. Lol
1	Some nice settings for rings but some of the center stones were literally yellow to the eye and priced at $3000+. They definitely need to look at their inventory, quality and pricing. Wouldn't go back.
1	You better run from this place.  The owner must be a crook!  Our house was burglarized and the police found our very expensive watch for sale at this store.  My husband went with the detective to pick up the watch and the owner was rude and arrogant.  The police told us multiple times that this business is well known for buying stolen goods off the street and they continue to buy items from criminals although the police keep coming to their store and identifying stolen goods.  If you buy something from these guys you better make sure it has papers, authenticity and can be verified that it wasn't stolen.  Too bad that a local business would do this to their own clientele.
5	I'm a first time customer here. I found this place on yelp while searching for a gift for my wife. The staff is extremely friendly and very helpful. No one tried to sell me anything I didn't need. They were very attentive to helping me find exactly what I was looking for. Quality was great and prices were impressively fair. I'm not a local as I'm in town on an extended business stay. So I was very surprised to be treated so nicely. I'll most definitely return for another purchase before I leave Charlotte and I'd highly recommend this place.
