5	What a cute little sweetie haven, you will be spoilt for choice with all the sugary treats here. It seems that these retro sweet shops are becoming a growing trend and seem to be popping up all over the place. Lickety Splits definitely has a lot more character than most and if it's wedding favours, gifts, childrens party bags or just some sweets for yourself you don't have to look any further.It's a really nice idea for wedding favours and all you need to do is choose what kind of sweets it is you're after and Lickety Splits will gift wrap everything into little favours, very cute.The decor is gorgeous with wooden flooring, quirky tables and polka dot patterns, it's very bright and airy and all the sweets are organised in glass tubs on fresh white painted shelves.My favourite sweeties have to be the little chocolate cups they're so addictive and moreish. I only found out about this place last week but I think I'll be popping in quite a bit now I know it's there, I could go for some fried eggs just now actually.
5	I don't just have a sweet tooth - i have sweet teeth. The name 'Lickity Splits' just sounds tasty to me! So it was a matter of time before I ventured in.The shop is presented really well, it smells sweet (but not sickly) and everything has its palce. They stock everything from fizzy cola bottles to retro bottles of coke. It's quite a small shop and is a bit pricey, but if you are in for a purpose, as I always am, it's relatively cheap.It's a lovely shop and the staff are wonderful. Their window displays are always amazing, if that doesn't lure you in then hopefully this will!
4	I many ways, I find these retro and ironic sweet shops to be something of a cancer on our city centre retail districts. As many small businesses went tits up during the recession, cheap and nasty stores popped up everywhere with the main intention of rotting the publics teeth, in a trendy and self-aware manner.I was somewhat shocked then, to find that I actually quite like Lickety Splits, and can say with some degree of confidence that it's the best of a bad bunch. A little bit more effort and taste has gone into the decor, making it far less revolting to the eye than it's rivals, with a more understated exterior than the usual fluorescent pink. This also has the knock-on effect of dettering the 16 year old mothers who often set up camp in this type of shop.Admittedly, stock-wise it's just the usual sickly tat, but if you insist on falling for the retro sweets con, then this is probably the nicest place to do it.
4	There are a lot of candy shops like this nowadays, so technically Lickety Splits should be leaping through hoops to keep up. But this store is decidedly different from the other, commerical outlets that are vastly becoming soulless the more they pop up. Maybe it's the decor. As Lynsey said, it's very cute and kitschy; retro with a modern twist without being "old". Maybe it's the fact that it doesn't latch on to the new trend of charging a million bucks for a bag of sweets - they certainly didn't do that in the old days. Lickety Splits seems more straight up and genuine, appealing to people who really are looking for old sweets. They also do wedding favours and little treat boxes, giving this place a gift appeal that the other commercial stockists sorely lack.Twee, girly and a bit whimsical, Lickety Splits is a great wee pit stop for all your sweetie needs.
4	This is a refeshingly cute little place in Edinburgh! It looks delicious from the outside, the bright red paint always glistens and looks really glossy - good enough to eat! And their displays are amazing!! At Halloween I spend about 20minutes looking at everything in their window, because there was so much to take in! It was closed at the time, otherwise I would have been in there in a shot. So when I did go in I was amazed at what they had! Blast from the past or what, I was taking a trip down memory lane as I was browsing all the candy they have in here.The staff are lovely too, really professional and they enjoy their job, you can tell. It makes all the difference!It's relatively cheap too, compared to the other similar places.The only thing I didn't like was the smell...it was sickly sweet and made me feel a bit queasy!
3	When I walked into this place I was promised "Retro" sweets, I was sorely disappointed.Maybe it's because I come from a small town, but I can walk into any newsagents back home, and probably in most big towns and pick up all of these at HALF the price.But if you need a topic for facebook, by all means visit.
5	As the name suggests, Lickety Splits is a cute store that specialises in all kinds of lip-licking and tongue teasing sweets. The sign outside advertises Retro Sweets, Scottish Sweets and Traditional Sweets and there's jars of all three lined up inside on brightly painted shelves and cute wooden tables. The staff are friendly and there's all kinds of sugar-rushing treats to choose from lemon sherberts and strawberry bon bons to cola bottles. Anyone fancy sharing a packet of space dust? Just shaking the packet, I can hear the hiss and crackle...
4	I'm sorry as if selling thee most adorable 'not vintage, but totally looks vintage, kitsch, quirky' Jewellery isn't enough you are going to fill your back walls with Jars upon Jars of sweets that remind me of my childhood!?!?!?........ Oh, ok, Go on then. I will have a handful of the dolly mix and the bubblegum bottles if you please.This little shop is so easily missed, but it just totally appeals to my sweet tooth and my Jewellery Magpie. I want it all.The ladies that work here are so welcoming, friendly and brilliant chat! It made my day. All I have to say is that the rings I ended up purchasing were a little on the pricey side (there was no price floating around anywhere that I could see, so I bought two), but it shall be worn with pride. I actually even got a comment on how cute it was the exact day I bought it. I like this little aladdins cave of all things sparkly and sugary, I like it alot.
4	This place is a wee gem, on Jeffrey Street, just off the Mile and easily missed. It's a modern take on ye olde worlde sweetie shops that I loved from my childhood.I love that they have rows of sweets in jars and the pick n mix of what was,  in my day at least, penny sweeties. Inflation over the last *cough three cough cough* decades means they are now a wee bit more expensive but then I do have more than 50p a week pocket money to spend on my sugar fix these days too!There's all the sweets I remember, some that I don't, reinventions & new fangled sweeties. Everything a sweet tooth could crave, by the bucket - or jar - full. What's that little tub in the corner - cremola foam anyone? Flying saucers, yum. Sweetie bracelets & necklaces that make your teeth tingle. So much choice I stood there like my five year old self in years gone by, trying to pick. I couldn't decide so I bought a lot (strawberry bob bons, penny chews, chocolate cups, milk bottles, sherbet lemons & midget gems) & promised my wallet & my waistline that I'd ration them out over the coming weeks as a reward for every gym visit/run I complete. (I'm not sure how successful that tack will be but here's hoping I refrain from gorging them all in one sitting when I get home!)But that's not all. They also have fab gift/sparkly things made out of maps and scrabble tiles. Very kitsch & cool. I easily managed to tick a load of names of my Christmas shopping list here in this shop & it's local. & I'll be dropping some hints to the OH for my Santa list too. Now I've found you, I'll be back :)
1	Very rude staff. A dark haired woman point blank refused to serve me and instead continued on with an extremely distasteful conversation with the couple in front of me - who had been served. The store was otherwise empty! The whole experience left me disgusted and I just marched out of the store. Will not be returning.
4	Great choice of sweets old and new! Something to suit everyone's price range and friendly staff too!
5	My wife and I ended our chocolate tour at Lickety Splits. We got to talking with the owner, Naomi. She was incredibly knowledgeable about all candies and candy makers native to the U.K., as well as the differences from candy made with cane & beet sugar. We kept her there well after the shop would normally have closed, but Naomi was unperturbed. She also gave us information about the town and some of the locals, as well as the various eats in the area. The jewelry she makes is unique and beautiful. We bought a necklace and LOTS of candy. Would recommend stopping by for anyone going to Edinburgh.
4	Beautiful Scottish tablet and so many other amazing sweets and treats!!!!! Perfect location for tourists too!! And what a lovely, friendly woman who served me!
