3	Great amount of juices & smoothies on offer, all made on the premises. Extensive range of authentically made dim sum and noodle dishes, all reasonably priced. On the negative side you can suffer from invisibility round about the time you're waiting to ask for the bill as the staffing is at a bare minimum (obviously not a problem solely encountered here but a frustration nonetheless).
1	First thing to notice about Meadowood Cafe is the state that it is in - the building looks shabby, the sign is missing words and the decor is straight out of the 70's. But try not to let this worry you too much, there are plenty of other things to put you off once you get past looks.The menu is varied and well priced, but the food itself is greasy, tasteless and more than once I was strugling to identify the ingredients in my Chowmein. A disappointment indeed. Although I cant help but feel lucky that I got served in the first place - a few minutes after ordering we over heard a couple complain that thet had ordered meal almost 45 mins ago, and were having to leave because thier lunch break wasnt long enough. Shrugging this off as a one time thing, we then waited nearly 50 mins for our meal to arrive - not great service to say the least, despite the apologies of our host.
4	This place is an oriental cafe, taiwanese restaurant and a juice bar. They do fresh fruit juices, fruit smoothies, coffee, tea, "bubble coffee" and "bubble tea" (very nice!) and great Asian food. You can enjoy anything from chicken chow mein to tom yum soups and more. Especially good are their dim sum and sui mei buns. I find the menu great, the food flavoursome and yes, the service is a bit slow, but if you are in a rush tell them you're on your lunch hour and they will speed it up for you. I usually go on a Sunday afternoon and don't mind waiting for my order as I love the place so much.  The only downside I find is that it's never open on a Saturday, which is my treat day (but obviously his too as he's always closed for "family day").
5	OK, the service can be a bit slow at times, but considering there's normally only 2 people working there, and they're normally rushed off their feet, this is OK by me. This place has to be my favourite restaurant ever. The cha siu bao here are the best I've had anywhere in Scotland, and the soup noodles never fail to make my day. I've tried most of the options on the menu except for the rice meals, and I've never really had a bad thing to say about them.Plus, the smoothies and juices are truly epic, and my brother was raving about the dim sum for a week after eating here.
