4	I was driving the other day to get on the I-17 and noticed the closed cafe was reopening as a Rainbow Donuts. Cool except I really could care less about the donuts. I drove by today to see that they have opened and they have lunch. That is a good sign. I pop in and see the guy who ran the last deli and his co-worker, ?maybe he reinvented himself? No He was brought in with the new owners. That is cool! I ask for a suggestion and he tells me the Italian Job is good. It has ham, salami, pepperoni, provolone, lettuce, tomato, olives, and peppercini's with an Italian dressing on a sourdough. Served with a side of chips, potato salad, pickle or donut. lol I opt for the 1/2 sand and chili with the donut as the side. lol The sand was great and I don't like olives, the chili was homemade and meaty. The donut was superb. They have donuts, pastries, pancakes, scrambles, omelette's, combos, sandwiches, and create your own breakfasts. For lunch they have 7 cold, 5 hot, 4 wraps and a create your own. They also have salads, soups, and burgers. For kids they have PB&J or Grilled Cheese and several snack things like pretzel, quesidilla, nachos, hotdogs etc. They also have coffee and teas of course. I am looking forward to trying more of their creations. Maybe I can get them to cook a real burger.....hmmm
4	Today was one of those days... I went to Anthem for nothing and was a little pissed. So I stopped by Rainbow to get some good food, because eating makes me happy. I had the 2 chili and cheese hotdogs. There was nothing skimpy about this dish. It was two huge dogs and a ton of homemade chili, topped with a cheese sauce. YUM. I had the potato salad as a side, it is a mix of potato, onion, black olive, and eggs. The ps was dry and a little boring. BUT at least it was homemade. The cafe is clean and inviting, they have a couple of comfy chairs and a tv to watch and chill. They are open 7 days a week right now, but Sundays are really slow.
4	Solid 4.5 right now. Everything i have had has been really really good. Today I had a bagel with ham, sprouts, bacon, Swiss and pickles. It was awesome. I opted for the donut as a side since they offer. YUMMY!
5	I had a egg, and sausage sandwhich the other day. It was very good. Served with donut holes.
5	Imagine this... grilled pastrami, on golden grilled whole grain with spicy mustard and slice of Swiss cheese. YUMMYLil donut holes for dessert....
4	Good place, good food, killer prices, small inside, New England Coffee (Heritage of Taste, i believe?) reasonably quick, GREAT DONUTS.
5	OK Rainbow Donuts has now become Rainbow Donuts and Ninja Bowl. They are changing the "deli style" lunches to rice bowl, wraps types. NO I AM NOT JOKING I had the Ninja bowl with Chicken Spicy. It was grilled chicken and Jalapenos over rice with teriyaki sauce. It was great. They still have the donuts, coffee and great service.
5	Let me just say that I'm no stranger to donuts and these donuts at Rainbow Donuts Bakery are fantaaaaaaaastic!  I'm not a sweet tooth guy but I inhaled 3 of these in a day and had to give the rest to my friends otherwise I would have eaten the whole dozen.Like Daren C said - they serve rice bowl meals too and I had the curry one and my friend had the spicy chicken (i think it was the spicy chicken).  Both were full of flavor and served really hot because the owner cooks everything to order.  No microwave stuff here!  I would totally recommend going back to this place to grab a value lunch and probably the best damn donuts on the north side of town.  Yes, they are better than Dunkin Donuts.
5	I love this place, sure its kinda creepy and in the middle of an odd office complex but DAMN those donut holes chocolate cake not the glazed ones are good!  Not to mention the NINJA BOWLS!!  Good God get the Sizzling ninja, top that off with a fried egg, and pineapple, get healthy with some brown rice and white chicken and then DRENCH that bowl with NINJA SAUCE AND SRIRACHA (which comes standard btw) AMAZING! Don't waste your life away without having one of these ninja bowls at this donut shop, i never thought i would be able to say that statement with a straight face but i did!  And for those wondering they don't serve pirates (some will understand this fact)  Also if you come back a few times they might throw some free donut holes at YOUR FACE LIKE NINJA STARS!!  I joke they don't throw them but you may get some for free (really though)!
4	I almost passed up this gem while picking someone up from getting their car worked on in a shop right across from Rainbow Donuts... yes it is in an odd location, but do not let that deter you! I swear, I think my donut radar was going off because it was early in the morning and I caught the slightest glimpse of the word DONUTS...actually I only saw the D & the O and just went from there. So I busted out my handy Yelp app and found out this place had a couple of 5 star ratings - yes!The nice lady behind the counter informed me that I had just missed the huge morning rush so all of the "good" donuts may be taken... fortunately, I'm a plain glazed donut kind of chick. You can get a dozen of the donut holes for a buck and some change so I grabbed a couple of those, some coffee, and I was good to go! Good donuts and awesome price. Next time I stop by...Ninja Bowl, I'm coming for you!
5	Love their blueberry cake donuts. Its soft, flavorful, and not too sweet. Too bad that it is only a weekend special, I guess I have to stick to chocolate frost and sugar raised.
5	Chipotle bowl has just the right amount of spice and just the right amount of sweet....I swear the donut has some crack or something. They just hit the spot. Great service, clean location, simple good food.
5	Rainbow donut/Ninja Bowl/Bobbys cafe this place gets better and better. Sam the owner of Rainbow and Ninja sold to Claudia and Bobby, who in addition to keeping the donuts and rice bowls are going to do cafe style food too. I had BBQ pork on a toasted hoagie roll. The meat was smoked and tender, served with chips and a drink for $7.95 NOT BAD AT ALL.I am told they will have Broasted Chicken...never had it, but heard good things. I know some yelpers were asking about it awhile ago. She also piqued my interest with a homemade green chili.... mmmm
4	I have seen this place quite often when I would get sugaring & facials done by my girl Jenny, who had a space in the same complex. I saw her after I got off work though & they were always closed by then. Well today I decided to make the trip over there for a to go lunch order.When I walked in there was only 1 group of people at a table, a large group though of about 7. There was an older couple at the front who I later found out are the new owners, very sweet people. I ordered a small white ninja bowl for myself & a large for my husband. My hubs also wanted a cheese quesadilla but unfortunately they did not have them, I was also wanting a croissant but unfortunately they were all out. Double bummer! I saw the few donuts they had left & got a half dozen. The bowls were yummy, we both loved the sauce & the chicken was delicious. The donuts were freaking amazing! I got 6 different kinds & we split the glazed & cinnamon crumb, can't wait to try the others! For the small & large bowls & a half dozen donuts the total came to $17 & some change, a lil pricey but reasonable. We will definitely return!
5	Broasted Chicken is AMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAZING!!!  If you have never had it go get some stat.  It is the juiciest fried chicken I have ever had and the scary thing is that this place is like 2 miles from my work.  5/5 stars and a breast, thigh, and potato wedges with a soda for $5.55 great deal as well.
5	Bobby C's is gaining some clients. They were OUT of donuts today around 12:30. Good thing they are open tomorrow. LOLI forget to take pictures but I had a great Philly here 2x already. It is a large soft hoagie roll loaded with chopped ribeye and onion, red and green pepers and swiss. I top mine with sriracha. Hits the spot!I have tried to get Yelp to group all the names of this place into one but still have no response. Rainbow Donuts, Ninja Bowl, is actually Bobby C's. Also they no longer serve the Broasted chicken, there was not enough demand. :(
3	I have driven past this place for years and after moving far away decided now I should try it. I'm dumb....for waiting. I went for donuts and barley accomplished my mission. They were pretty much cleared out at 8:00am. Here is the thing...if you are out by 8:00am then you should get more! You are missing out on business from the late risers. If they know you won't have any, then they will not go at all. Not my favorite choices but good non the less. They were sweet and fluffy and num a num. Plus I got a dozen for $8.75 ish. We got the followingGlazed Chocolate glazedJelly filledBavarian Cream filled - One of the better I have had. Maple long johnGiant Bear Claw filled with an apple filling - I didn't care for it but everyone else loved it. The bear claws are giant and count as 2 donuts. The man at the counter was so genuinely nice! He was the best part of the experience. Super duper friendly! I can't wait to go back and try the regular food they have. I bet it's delicious and I will then probably bump up my star rating. I hope this helps!
1	Ever heard the saying "Jack of all trades, master of none".  Its a donut shop, its a deli, its a cafe, its a family restaurant, its an Asian fast food place...well, we found out differentlyWe were looking for something different for lunch so turned to Yelp and decided to try the "Ninja Bowl".  Then found there is no place with this name.  No street sign, no door marker legend, no mailbox.  Nothing.  We had to do some hunting and asking (I hate asking) and found out the truth.  There are four names on Yelp for the same address and same location:1) Ninja Bowlhttp://www.yelp.com/biz/ninja-bowl-phoenixaka2) Rainbow Donuts Bakery & Cafehttp://www.yelp.com/biz/rainbow-donuts-bakery-and-cafe-phoenixaka3) Rainbow Donuts & Delihttp://www.yelp.com/biz/rainbow-donuts-and-deli-phoenixaka4) Bobby C's Cafehttp://www.yelp.com/biz/bobby-cs-cafe-phoenixAll the same address, phone number and location.  I charged it on my Credit Card and it showed up on my bill as Bobby C's Cafe.Had a terrible time finding it and while I only tried the Sizzling bowl the cost of $8.90 for rice, finely chopped chicken and gluten spicey sauce plus small soda doesn't warrant another visit.
