5	Super friendly staff!  My Optometrist was very friendly and knowledgable.  Dr. Nguyen made me feel very comfortable and he was very honest.  He didn't try to get me to spend extra money on unnecessary exams or glasses that I didn't need.I would totally come back and bring my family here.
5	I went to optic gallery after having a terrible experience at LensCrafters.  I immediately felt welcome and the friendly staff helped me find the perfect frame.  Will definitely come back!!
5	Solid spot.  Everyone who works here is extremely friendly.  There are 4 staff members who regularly help Eric R. and I and know us when we come in.  He and I have both gone to doctors here for eye exams.  My doctor is Dr. Lee, and she is great.  Eric went to a guy, and he liked the experience too.We have both purchased glasses from here.  I got Oakley sunglasses after living 4 years in the desert without any...and my husband got them for me as a present.  The store matched amazon.com's price immediately so we saved some $.  Now I can't live without them.  I reacted to the plastic when wearing them a lot so there was an easy solution for me: silicone nosepads (2 sets for $3).  They have been great ever since, for almost a year (I have washed them and changed them out by now, I promise!)Eric R. is an Oakley loyalist.  He got a pair of prescription glasses called Capacitors (engineering nerd excitement) so he had hoped they would create a pair of sunglasses called Inductors but not yet!  He was recently looking for new sunglasses when we were invited to a little "party" or "soiree" with wine and nibbles at the Optic Gallery.  Everything in the store (frames) was 20% off if one purchased at the event.  An Oakley rep was there to answer questions.  Eric R. originally wanted the glasses where you can clip in and out 2 different lenses so he could have regular and sun lenses in prescription if he rode his bicycle into the sunset.  However, the clipping mechanism was complicated and would likely make him get fingerprints all over the lenses anyway.He ended up getting a new version of his old pair with slightly larger lenses and mirrored coating.  The Optic Gallery staff felt badly about the cost of Oakley lenses (they had to go Oakley's lab instead of our insurance company's lab because of the specialty product) so they gave Eric 20% off of the lenses and the frames, which was totally cool.  We really like the service and the products here, and would recommend it to anyone who needs an eye exam or a pair of glasses.Also, Eric's old sunglasses lost their nose pieces quite regularly, and the staff always put on new ones for him for free whenever this happened.
4	After a terrible experience at Dr. Grant's office, I turned to my good buddy for recommendation.  He highly recommended Dr. Nguyen at Optic Gallery, because Dr. Nguyen is a wonderful doctor, and the staff is helpful.  I immediately booked the appointment.  The staff that helped me with the initial test was great.  Both ladies were very caring and informative.  The quality of service is like no other.  Dr. Nguyen is wonderful.  He was very thorough with my exam, and he made me feel at ease with the entire process.  One star was deducted because there is the office manager (I think), who loves to push people to get the add ons for the glasses.  One in particular was the anti-glare.  It was a tactic she uses, such as tacking it onto the amount and explain that amount includes blah blah blah blah.  Patience then must have her break down the cost.  When I straight up told her that I only use my glasses at night to maybe read/watch some tv prior to bed, she said she can give me a lower price for that service with a cheaper anti-glare.  I once again repeated myself to let her understand that I DO NOT NEED THAT ANTI-GLARE SERVICE.There are also more charges at the office, however.  But, I will return since Dr. Nguyen is an amazing doctor.
2	I love Dr. Nguyen. He is informative, comforting, and professional. This review is about the $75 "contact lens fitting fee."The more I've been thinking about it, the more I get pissed off. This is the second time I've been to Optic Gallery for contact lenses. As a new patient the first time, I can understand the CL fitting fee... New patient, new contacts... The second time I go I'm charged the fitting fee again. The size of my cornea did not change, the brand of contact did not change, so why am I being charged for fitting contacts? Even more, the doctor did not have my brand contacts so he directed me to just put my old ones back in. $75.I'm pissed because I feel like I've been ripped off. I've been researching what other doctors do with regard to the fee. Many include follow-up visits to ensure the fit is good. Many do not charge the fee if the brand and size does not change. I'm going to shop around and ask about fitting fees from my next doctor. I won't be back.
5	I've been too quite a few different eye places and this particular one/location is excellent! I have recommended to all my family members Dr. Stephanie Lee, she is the best! I've been going to eye doctors all my life  (I have really bad vision) and she is the 1st one in all my years to recognize an eye condition I've had all my life when nobody else has, and I brought my gramma here and she also pointed out that my gramma showed the beginning signs of cataracs which her normal eye doctor has never mentioned . ALso A++ for the staff they are so helpful, I went in today on there lunch break when they're normally closed and they fixed my glasses and gave me all kinds of information about the questions I was asking instead of turning me away and telling me to come back in an hour. This is a great place and Stephanie lee is an outstanding doctor!!!
5	From walking in the door to exiting the staff are top notch!  They were happy to see me and greeted me as I walked in the door!  I waited only a few minutes before getting started with my appointment.  Dr. Lee is amazing!  We actually had a full conversation during my appointment.  She is very personable and easy to get along with.  She answered all of my questions.  I left feeling confident about my exam and my options. I will definitely  return to Optic Gallery in the future!
4	My regular spot for a yearly eye exam. The wait is usually reasonable and the optometrist has been helpful in answering my questions and offering advice. I don't buy my glasses here though, online prices just can't be beat. Location at The District is great for me and I plan to continue to come here yearly.
5	I had a very positive experience here. The exam was quick and easy, Dr. Lee is phenomenal. The whole entire staff it personable and friendly, I love it! My glasses were done in less than a week and they are perfect! One thing I really appreciated was that they were not trying to nickel and dime me and I can't say enough about how friendly they are. I will be recommending this place to everyone I know in need of glasses/contacts!
5	After a lot of reluctance to accept the fact my vision stinks, I took my girlfriend's recommendation to get an eye exam at Optic Gallery at The District.  I was pleased from start to finish.  The staff was all very friendly, able to kindly answer all questions, and Dr. Nguyen was very candid about my goals and expectations in improving my ability to see.  I would recommend this place to anyone!
4	I had usually gone to Shepard Eye Center.  I was due for my exam, and with 6 doctors at multiple locations, the soonest they could get me in was 2 months!  I found out that Optic Gallery accepted my insurance, called them, and they got me in within 3 days!!  The service was outstanding!  Dr. Nguyen was great, and so was the staff.  I was upsold on lenses, and there is a contact lense fitting fee, but it's a small price to pay.  I chose to get the lenses that they recommended, and I choose to wear contacts too.  Just waiting until I can be a candidate for LASIK.Overall, I highly recommend them.
5	Put off my eye doctorVisits until 2 years ago. Went to the place that takes care of people like sheep (lots if patients on horizon Ridge). Felt like a sheep.   I went to Optic Gallery in the district at Green Valley and it felt like a small town or village center. Very friendly staff. Dr Nguyen. (Steve Nguyen took care of my eyes but didn't take all my money like the Wynn). Ha. Anyhow, he took plenty of time to show me my problem by using the eye model and very patiently answeredAll my questions. He even escorted me out and introduced me to theEmployee that would show me my sunglasses and reading glasses options. Felt zero rush. I loved my appointment and orderedCustom reading glasses and felt good about it. GreatJob. I'll be back.
5	If you are searching for an eye doctor who cares...if you are searching for a doctors office who dont rush you through like cattle ... then Optic Gallery is where you need to go.Dr. Steve Nguyen takes his time to make sure you understand everything you need to know. He shows compassion and caring about your eye health. His staff is wonderful ... I highly recommend Dr. Nguyen to anyone who really cares about their sight...
5	Wow! I have never had such a PLEASANT experience in a doctors office before. Honestly I have no bad comments about this office. If you need an optometrist, I recommend Dr. Lee. As soon as you walk in they greet you and make you feel welcome (which to me, presentation is everything). They check you in and call you back (in a timely manner I might add). Then you get examined and from previous experiences they do a more detailed examination (which is a plus!). Soon after the assistant leads you into a room she collects more basic information (medical history) and other information that will help them to get to know you! Which is exactly what I love... getting to know people. One of the assistances, Ana, made me feel very welcome. She was very kind, detailed, and patient. Once I was ready to see the doctor, I waited maybe 3-5minutes for her. Dr. Lee was very personable, she engaged in conversation very quickly. She examined me and answered all my questions. Afterwards she walked me out and her lovely assistants helped me find new frames! Nikki closed up the visit for me and she was delightful and patient. Let's just say I'm very indecisive and she helped me choose two sets of frames. The whole staff team was GREAT! Setting up an appointment is quite simple since you can do it online and choose the day and time that is best for you.
5	Dr. Steve Nguyen spent a good time with me and making sure I had the correct contact lenses.  I have been going to this office for several years an never had bad service.  I would highly recommend this establishment if you are looking for good service, and if you want to have someone to really care for your eyes, this is the place to go.
5	Friendly staff! Very professional! Great experience! Dr. Was professional and quick. Got my prescriptions for both contacts and glasses. They are even shipping my contacts to my house!
5	I feel very comfortable at either of the offices I've been to. The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable . I like all the frames to choose from.
5	The office is in a great location with hours even on Saturdays, but that is nothing compared to the staff at The District. They are patient, knowledge, human, and kind. I cannot say more, if you want a place that treats the you and not just your number I encourage you to go.
5	I've been coming to this office for a couple years now and have ALWAYS received excellent service and am always treated with respect. Emy will work with you to find the best frames for you. Nikki is awesome as well. I was seeing Dr. Steven Nguyen until my insurance changed but will more than likely order my glasses here still. The selection of frames is awesome. I always feel like a kid in a candy store when I'm here. :-)
5	Dr. Stephanie Lee has got to be my favorite eye doctor. She is friendly, knowledgeable, open and very helpful. I was very lucky to have found her so soon after I moved to LV years ago - it always takes me a while because I research the heck out of my choices! - because she's a doctor that listens to my concerns and is just so pleasant to be around. You know how difficult it is to find a doc who knows what they're doing, has a wonderful bedside manner AND has a staff with good customer service skills? I don't know what else to say! I recommend her practice to everyone I know!
5	The most pleasant experience in any Doctor's office ever. Over the last 4 years I have seen by Dr. Lee and Dr. Nguyen. They are always on time, friendly, very exacting in their explanations.I work in medical sales, I treat my customers with great respect and spend hours of my time with them. Therefore, I greatly appreciate Doctors who still treat me as a patient not a commodity and take their time to make sure I'm 100% satisfied with my appointment. It is such a welcome experience in this otherwise very unfriendly, impersonal world.The selection of eyeglass frames available is well-chosen and meets the needs of all price points. I receive compliments daily on my eyeglasses as well, so not only can I see, but I look great doing so!
1	I went in for glasses and they could not get it right.  I saw both the male and female docs too.  They kept sending the glasses out to get fixed.  This is the first place in the 40 years I've worn glasses where they had to send it out again and again to get it right and it's still not right so I'm going elsewhere.  This is ridiculous.  I found out from a lens maker that some docs pay more for lens makers who get it right the first time, but this company does not so they're trying to make a buck by taking up your time with a cheaper lens manufacturer.  They're in an expensive location so they're trying to appear like quality, but now that I know the secret, no thanks.
5	My entire family has been seen by Dr. Nguyen for the past 12 years. We love him and his staff. He takes his time snd explains everything. Would highly recommend him!!
5	If you are looking for an optometrist that is knowledgeable, professional and friendly look no further...  Dr. Nguyen is all of the above plus more.  My family has frequented the office at the District and always loved the convenience of the location, but the new office in Seven Hills is beautiful. It's clean, the staff is knowledgeable and friendly and the overall experience is fantastic.  Not to mention the best selection in eyewear. If they don't have it they will find it =))
5	My family of 4 (including me) had appointments last Saturday. We were late, but all of us were still able to be seen. The staff members were friendly. Dr. Lao was the stand-in doctor that day. He was nice and pleasant to talk with. It was an overall good experience.
5	Excellent Staff. Knowledgable and friendly. They take their time with patients. The longest I have had to wait for my appt. is 10 minutes. They have 2 locations so scheduling is very flexible. The selection of frames and sunglasses is excellent. Dr. Nguyen takes his time and makes sure you understand his test results very clearly. Their equipment is state-of-the-art, very advanced. Plus, they figure out your insurance which can be very confusing. Office is clean and organized. I highly recommend this office for your eye care.
