4	Even though this isn't a large chain store like others, it has to be one of the easiest and friendly stores around. The aisles are always clean. Produce always looks good here. I never need to search for things, since they are just a few products available per item. Price for all natural is awesome compared to your NAME Brand stores. Absolutely love the fact that no hormones or additives are added to our meat! The best part is I don't even have to look to make sure!Everyone is friendly - there is always someone here to help with check out also. The only draw back is the carts are outside and in the summer time they get very HOT! Maybe a cover for the carts would help since there isn't any room in the store for them.
3	The store is fine. I like the Fresh & Easy chain as well as all of their store branded products. This location is clean and always has good sale items and coupons floating around out there. The service on the other hand is almost non-existent. None of the employees and/or management have EVER looked up from what they were doing, said hello or offered any assistance. They are cordial when asked, but nothing more.
3	I can't speak for other locations, I have never been to another, but this location always seems to have stuff that is expiring within a day or two. While I love a lot of their prepared foods that make my life so easy, I don't want to shop every other day! The veggies are not always as fresh as they could be either. I do however love their individual dessert servings. I feel much better about myself buying one piece of cake then the whole cake :) Price is a little high but I don't have to throw away the rest or eat it all by myself! If their stuff was a little fresher, I would shop here even more. I don't think the location is busy enough is the problem but I do like the concept. The people working are always very friendly and helpful and the store looks very clean. Love the coupons as well as the specialty items.
1	Normally, Fresh & Easy is pretty clean, but I had to post a photo of their clearance meats today.  :(  I'm afraid someone might get food poisoning if they purchase something in that section.
5	Sparkling Pumpkin Spiced Apple Cider for $0.50
