5	Very good quality-price ratio. Affordable lunch specials. Service is friendly and prompt. Combo plus Plumb Wine is a must to release the stress of a week on a friday night.
5	I lived in Japan for several years so I know what I'm talking about ;-) I tried many Japanese restaurants in Montreal and most of them are not good. Among the good restaurants I managed to find are: Azuma (but expensive!), Kazu (prices are average but TOO BUSY), The sushi at Miyamoto in westmount is fantastic, but "take out" only. Recently we discovered Hyang Jin on Queen Mary.. From outside it doesn't look like much, but as soon as you step in.. Wow.. it feels like Japan, they even have individual cabins for extra privacy.  The lunch menu is very affordable, you wonder how they make a living, on the lunch menu is the best tempura in N.America, accompanied by either sushi, Californian rolls, sashimi or sushi salad, all comes with tea, miso soup, salad, rice on the side and marinated seaweed or kimchi, the quantity is moderate, I could barely empty my plate, but I had to, it was too tasty.The service is amazing, the atmosphere is superb, it is simply the best Japanese restaurant experience I had since I came back.  I checked the dinner menu and it looks very tempting, they even have Korean BBQ (where you get your own grill on the table and cook the meat yourself). Don't let the Korean name fool you, Hyang Jin is the best Japanese restaurant in Montreal.
5	IMO, the best sushi place in montreal (lived in vancouver for 2 years).  It's a mix of Japanese and Korean.  It is also owned (i think) by a Japanese/Korean couple.They have nice Diner specials!  Nice selection of drinks.  The service is excellent and friendly.The rolls are FAT and delicious.Love the place.
4	All 4 of these stars are for the Korean food served here... this Japanese restaurant is owned and operated by Koreans who make excellent Korean food. The sushi and sashimi are very average, mostly due to the quality of the sushi rice and the quality of the fish. What they do well though are the Korean items, they make a very authentic Bi Bim Bap (stone pot mixed rice), and very good Kim-chi. This place could be a great Korean restaurant, but now it is only a very average Japanese restaurant.
3	Sorry, the sushi did not live up to expectations.  Good service.
5	One of our favourite restaurants! We always order the set menu for 2.The sashimi was fresh and tasty. We paid extra to have unagi and it was worth every penny.The salted mackerel was amazing with rice.Sake is a little expensive for the amount compared to other Japanese restaurants.Awesome service!Will always come back, though!
3	I was surprised by this restaurant in Montreal. I was visiting Montreal for the weekend. I'm from Toronto and had my fair share of Japanese food.  The decor is very simple, with a few private rooms. Service friendly.We ordered the Tonkatsu pork bone soup ramen. The soup base was delicious. Full flavoured and creamy. Ramen was not too bad. We also ordered the sashimi lunch special. Sashimi was decent. Came with soup, seaweed salad and ice cream at the end. I also tried the Tempura. It was ok. Nothing much to write about.Overall, a great friendly restaurant with good decent food, at reasonable prices ($11-13 lunch bento). I will come back here next time i'm in Montreal and craving for Japanese.
4	The sushi is very good for Montreal.  However, what I really like about this menu are the interesting dishes.  Salmon bones, seafood pancakes and cold soba, for example.  The service is very good and the atmosphere is relaxing.  I take my toddler here to expand his horizons and they get a 10/10 for making this an enjoyable experience.  For the budget minded, lunch is a very good deal.
1	1. Conclusion ------If you expect to have a Japanese Tonkatsu, don't go here unless you'd like to get some thin, junky Korean school lunch style Tonkatsu which would cost $2.(Note that I also like Korean school style Tonkatsu, but it's too junky to have it as a fine dinner which costs me $18.50)Here's my basic information. I'm from South Korea, I love Japanese Tonkatsu & I know the difference between Korean Tonkatsu & Japanese Tonkatsu.2. For more detail ------It was my second time at Hyangjin & I ordered Tonkatsu, which supposed to look like a thick, crispy, juicy with Japanese Tonkatsu sauce on it. (Google 'Japanese Tonkatsu'!)But what I got was definitely Korean elementary school lunch quality. Honestly, they makes better than this. Trust me.(See the picture I attached.)The thickness of the meat was less than 1cm, it was dry & hard so some parts of it I couldn't even put in my fork. I don't think they even used a proper meat. It tasted like a cheap ham. They even used a ready made sauce which you can buy at supermarket with $3. Hey, wake up chef.Accompanied vegetables uh. Just google 'Japanese Tonkatsu' & compare with my pic.You can get better Japanese dine at Kyo with about same price range.3. To Hyangjin ------Selling a tacky cheap thin dry fake Tonkatsu in a Japanese restaurant? Don't do that. You're ruining people's dinner time.
