5	Were Open!
1	My husband heard about this new restaurant so we went to check it out.  The food was mediocre, but the service was HORRIBLE.  I had a chicken quesadilla and the chicken didn't have any flavor to it.  My husband enjoyed his chimichanga and said the rice on the side was awesome.  Our waitress let my husband's water glass get emptied twice and waited a while to fill it (a different waitress even stepped in to fill it once).  The service was very slow, and what really topped off the 2 star rating for me was our waitress talked us into ordering a banana burrito for dessert.  When this mysterious burrito actually showed up it was actually quite good but it took 20 minutes!  And the whole time we were waiting, our waitress walked around and avoided eye contact with us.  At one point she stopped by and said they were plating it up right now.  10 minutes later the thing actually arrived at our table (not by our waitress, and not accompanied by silverware to eat it (our waitress had taken all of our silverware when she cleared the plates)).  The burrito itself was tasty but the ice cream it comes with is nothing short of bizarre.  I think the base of the ice cream was chocolate (hard to tell), but it had all this weird unidentifiable stuff in it and it was just weird.The best part of the entire meal was the chips and salsa served before dinner.  Their chips are thick and crispy and good.  They have a very limited selection on their menu and I just wasn't impressed with my food enough to get over the lousy service.As an added ammendment to this review, my husband spent the entire night after eating here throwing up and has been continuing to throw up today.  We will never eat here again.
4	Nice addition to the Sports Bar offerings in NoCenPho. Visited on Tuesday night, lots of televisions on sports. About a dozen draft beers available and lots more in bottles. Menu is derived from the other Fuego places (Fuego Bistro and Fuego Tacos)....focus is on small plates and appetizers. Had the "Tuesday Taco" special, 2 of any of their tacos (pernil asado, carne asada, chicken, fish, vegetarian) with rice and beans. Tasty! Service was prompt (but the place was pretty slow at 9:30 pm). They have great happy hour/reverse happy hour offerings (3-6 and 10 pm on), resembled the Fuego Bistro happy hour food specials. I'm sure operational bugs will be ironed out, these guys know what they're doing. Good to have them in the neighborhood!
4	I've been looking forward to this place opening as my wife and I frequented Chuys a lot and were hoping this place could fill its spot. The owner (at least I think it was him) was very friendly when my wife and I came in. The menu was basically a Southwestern style menu but had some good sounding things (sweet potato tots and banana burrito). The chips and salsa that come with the food were really good and spicy. We ordered the nachos which were delicious and super cheap during happy hour. The beers didn't seem too bad and they had a big selection, although their cocktails seem a bit pricey if its not happy hour. Overall it was a pretty nice place with good food. I will definitely return!
2	I was excited to try this place out because I was a big fan of Chuys when it was there. When first walking in it looks just like Chuys did there is no difference. I was hoping the food could compare to what Chuys had offered in the past. We ordered a couple of appetizers so we could try a few things. The quesadilla was fantastic. great flavor and a great crunch to the tortilla so instantly we were excited. The empanadas though were as bland as can be. 1-2 on the appetizers. The beer selection is good most Mexican beers you would want on tap and one of my favs Moose Drool. Now on to the entrees. A little pricey if you ask me. 10 bucks for chimichanga is high but I was here to see if it was worth it so I went with the chicken. It wasn't worth it. The chimi was just as bland as can be. I can get better flavor for less money at Carolina's, Macayo's or Manuels. My girlfriend got the chili relleno and to be honest I don't even know how to explain what hers tasted like but it did not taste like what a chili relleno should. Service was good, our waitress was quirky but very friendly and I didn't go without beer in my glass which is good.
3	My husband & I have been to Fuego Bistro on Palo Verde a couple of times and love the food. One of the waitresses told us that they are opening a new location, we were anxious to try it since it's on the same street as our apartment.This restaurant is big with A LOT of t.v's, it has a sports bar feel.....I don't like sports bars.Anyway, we were seated promptly and approached immediately by our waiter who brought us chips & salsa. The salsa was very good. We started with the empanada appetizer which was delicious (it is the same empananda as Fuego Bistro, but that's okay because it's good). I ordered the grilled chicken taco platter with rice & beans. You can choose between black beans & refried beans. The black beans were void of flavor. I added salsa to the beans, didn't work. My husband ordered the pulled pork sliders that came with seasoned sweet potato fries. He thought the sliders could have used more flavor. He added salsa to his sliders, it punched it up a little bit. The seasoned sweet potato fries were the bomb-diggity.To whom it may concerns: add a bouillon to the black beans as it's simmering, it adds tons of flavor.
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE!!! Sat at the bar, was served burnt chips with salsa, salsa was good thou, ordered tacos (pork & steak) they were very good and generous filling. Drink prices are outrageous!!! $8 for a cocktail, this isn't Scottsdale, have pricey food with cheap drinks if you want to stay in business in this location. Improve your staff.
5	I was surprised to see the negative reviews of my fellow Yelpers for this place, so I wanted to make sure I got in a good one. Living in North Central Phoenix, my husband and I have spent several years searching for "our" local Mexican food place and I can honestly say now that we've finally found it. Being a big fan of Fuego Bistro, I was thrilled driving down Greenway yesterday and seeing the sign for Fuego Cantina! I had no idea they'd opened up in my corner of town so we had to stop in and give it a shot. First--the chips and salsa. I always say that the salsa served in a Mexican restaurant is pretty much the make-or-break for me, and this stuff was fantastic. Fresh and spicy, along with thick homemade chips. For the entrees--I am always on the hunt for the perfect fish tacos, and these did not disappoint! My husband had the Fuego take on chile rellanos (filled with chorizo and cheese and then coated in panko bread crumbs and deep fried) and he loved his meal too! Rice was flavorful and sweet, and even the black beans had plenty of taste on their own. Even though we should've quit while we were ahead, we ordered the infamous banana burrito to split for dessert and it was just as great as I remembered (from prior visits to Fuego Bistro). Service here was also top-notch with attentive staff who were actually interested in keeping their tables happy.Overall--this place is awesome and we will be back again! Thanks Fuego folks for giving me a neighborhood Mexican restaurant to enjoy!
4	I was devastated when Chuy's closed... but this place will do a nice job to fill in as my new local happy hour spot. Chips and salsa are complimentary and yummy. Tried the chicken nachos; they were delicious and too much food for even two of us to eat. Service was quick and waitress was friendly. I will definitely return.
3	I was skeptical about trying this restaurant. The reviews felt lukewarm and I didn't want to be disappointed. I really wanted to go to Chino Bandito.  Based on my sisters experience w/ Fuego Cantina and my love of Fuego Bistro I decided to keep an open mind. The food was actually quite good. The chips and salsa are too die for!  They've got the right amount of heat and the tortilla chips are super fresh. I passed on appetizers and went straight for the entree....carne asada burritto which was pretty tasty. The side of refried beans were sadly bland. I mixed some of the awesome salsa in with the beans to give it more flavor, but they were still bland. We were seated immediately and our waitress was friendly. I'd go back. Thanks sis.
1	When we walked in we stood at the front for a good two or three mins. Weren't even greeted. Grabbed our own menus and sat down. Our waiter got our drink orders and brought us chips and salsa. The chips were thick and burned. Almost like a deep fried pita chip. The salsa had good flavor and it was a bit spicy. We got the seven layer dip, fajita platter (carne asada), and the carne asada tacos. We weren't asked weather we wanted black beans or re-fried beans with our meals. We ended up with very bland black beans that looked like they had been sitting awhile and weren't warm. When we received our seven layer dip the "layers" were not layered at all. They were thrown side by side in heaps but still ran for $9.The fajitas were mediocre but came with a decent amount of meat. The tortillas were doughy and under cooked. My boyfriend didn't even bother with the bell peppers and onions. Wasn't worth the $12. I got the tacos with the bland black beans and rice. The rice was over cooked and tasted like white rice with some random mix of seasonings. I got the jalapeno on the side it was mixed with cilantro. Didn't use it. Seemed canned. The meat itself was pretty bland. The cabbage literally had sugar and threw the whole thing off as if it wasn't bad enough already. And same problem with the tortillas. We waited awhile for our check. And we were ignored upon getting up after we paid. Not so much as a "thanks for coming" or "have a good night." We won't be returning.
1	Don't come in for a beer cuz they don't have any... Chips and salsa not as good as Chuys was and the menu was a) inaccessible (I don't want to read a novel, I just want some tacos) and b) EXPENSIVE!!!The staff seemed entirely disinterested in working or engaging the customers. Yes, there were TVs - half were tuned to infomercials. Most striking was the deafening silence -no music, no TV audio, no nothing. I won't be going back.
4	I was skeptical to come here because of some of the reviews given but decided to try it out and make my own decision. Glad i did because the negative reviews could not be more wrong!
4	Amazing food. Tasty cocktails. Good service. They have happy hour every day, even weekends. I was able to use my Living Social deal during happy hour (unlike Fuego Cityscape). My husband loved the beer selection and I liked their creative cocktails. Not the strongest, but still tasty.The place wasn't too busy. Definitely a neighborhood sports bar feel. But with better food.I will definitely be going back.
5	A group of us wanted to get together for my boyfriends birthday we decided to try Fuego Cantina out as it was a great meeting point and heard mixed reviews so we  wanted to see for ourselves... Glad we did. Started with Firecracker Shrimp and some chicken wings both had a unique flavor with great dipping sauces. I had a grilled chicken burrito which was not only delicious but also huge! The salads were amazing with lots of yummy ingredients fruit walnuts cheeses etc. I like the presentation and atmosphere is festive.. Our server Holly was incredibly attentive and patient. She really made our night fun and never wanting for anything. We will be going back for sure!
1	Being a Latina myself ... I was not impressed with the menu options.  The whole experience came across as too made up & a low key upscale bar & grill cantina.  Their prices were over-priced for what they offered.  The flavor of their so-called latin food was not as delicious as the menu made it seem to be.  The Chile Relleno was deep fried, in what looked like, Panko crumbs (Not traditional at all).  They had an Alcoholic Beverage menu that seemed interesting, but the selection that my husband chose was aweful.  It was an overall bad experience.  We won't be back there again.
4	I'm so glad this restaurant replaced chuy's. It still looks similar, just much cleaner. As I walked in I was immediately greeted by my server and shown to our table. She brought by some chips and salsa (a little spicy, but good). The fish tacos were great, I was skeptical because they look like fish-stick tacos. But they definitely hit the spot. We shared a banana burrito, interesting concept and perfect to share. Our waitress, Alice was great. A little high energy but really funny. Between the happy hour and the buzz time I think this will be a great place to hang out after work, even with kids.
4	Fuego is a good time Tex-Mex street food place. Don't go if you are expecting authentic Sonoran Mexican food. Interesting cocktail menu, along with a good arrangement of beer. Definitely try the Chile Relleno stuffed with chorizo and covered in panko breadcrumbs.  The blackened tilapia could be the best I've ever had. Good stuff!
3	Being huge fans Fuego Bistro for many years, we were excited to see that the same folks opened a casual joint so close to home.  I suppose having that as a measuring stick, we set ourselves up for disappointment.  That is not say that this place is bad by any means, just nothing we'll be seeking out in the future.--- Location / Atmosphere ---Fuego Cantina is located in a former Chuy's location just east of 7th St. on Greenway.  The setup/decor is pretty much the same - casual, relaxed w/ lots of TV's.    Nothing special.  Nothing bad.--- Drinks ---We were excited to see a drink menu not too unlike the one found at Fuego Bistro (which BTW is friggin' spectacular!).  We had blood orange mojitos which were quite yummy (though the mint in my wife's was a bit over-muddled --- getting little chunks of mint leaves up through the straw isn't so tasty...).  Beer selection was solid and all-in-all, I suspect this would be a great place to have drinks (unfortunately, we didn't stick around (see Service). --- Food ---Between the four of us, we had chile relleno, carne asada tacos, and a couple orders of fish tacos.  We also started with the "decomposed" 7-layer dip - which actually meant 7 layers dumped in piles on a plate :-) - still good though.  All-in-all, it was tasty, but not measurably better than say Blanco or similar offerings.  The fried components (the chile relleno and the fish in the tacos) were panko-breaded and a bit crispier than you might typically find (I liked it).  Black beans, refried, and rice were not bad, but nothing special.--- Service ---Service was attentive and efficient - a little too efficient.  I think it's a reflection of training or something, but we definitely felt rushed.  We had intended to come for drinks, apps, and maybe a bit later, a full meal.  Instead, we ended up with a fairly quick dinner with a one round of drinks.  The server just seemed very focused on getting us through the process - even though the place was half-empty.  She wasn't rude or anything, just persistently moving us along and definitely not encouraging us to sit, talk, and have drinks.  We ended up headed elsewhere for drinks.--- Conclusion ---At the end of the day, this place was OK.  If occasion finds us here, we're happy to grab a drink and bite.  The price isn't too bad (drinks maybe a tad bit on the high side (but then again, they are better than most), most entree's right around $10).Worth trying for sure...  and probably a good place to hang at that bar w/ friends and tie one on.
2	Let me start out by saying that the food was good and the staff attentive but there was just something that totally turned me off...too bright colors, too kitchy decor, a funky smell when we walked in...I'm not sure but I know I'd be hesitant in going back or recommending this place.  The weird cut out people on the top of the booths made me think someone was constantly sticking their head into our booth.  It wasn't busy at all, tho more people were coming in as we were leaving.  Maybe it does deserve another try.
4	good food,interesting spices, need more specials
2	Had a carne asada chimi I found it dry without a lot of favor.  Chips and salsa good I'll try something else on the menu before writing off
3	Picture a better version of Mayos, and you have Fuego. This a fun local place with a reasonable price point. The environment is nice, the cantina vibe is a good place to watch a game during happy hour. The food is good but nothing to rave about.
5	As a long time Chuy's fan, we just had to try this remake.  The food is a step up and the prickly pear margaritas are fantastic if you ask my wife.  We will be back for the nice atmosphere, high ceilings, good food and great beer selection .
3	I have eaten here 2 times. First time, good service, mediocre food.  Chile relleno which I did not like as too many hot spices and the filling was not the delicious cheese which I relate to. I used a certificate and left a 30%+tip which I usually do when I get a special deal to try someplace.2nd time When I went back I ordered a shredded pork chimachanga.  It was quite good even though it was different.  A lot of tender pork with several different cheeses.  I paid my bill as I had another certificate and again a generous tip. After I had paid the waiter was rude by saying to me that in order to use these certificates you must purchase a drink.  I do not drink anything anywhere except water which is one thing that agrees with me.  Nowhere on this certificate does it specify that a drink must be purchased nor did the waitress on first visit mention this.I would also like to mention that this 2nd time was about 5pm which is usually a restaurant's busiest time due to happy hour and families having their dinners, that there were only 2 other tables occupied.  I don't see this place remaining in business too long.Due to him I will not go back or even recommend this place to my friends or business associates.Now if I can find another shredded pork chimi like that one I will be all set.  I probably can make it myself though.
1	Food - ok.  Overpriced.Service/Professionalism - ridiculously awful, and I mean awful.  It's an absolute joke.  I have never been treated so rudely in a restaurant ever.  To make it worse, the woman providing service is the manager of the place.  I am shocked that the Fuego group would allow her to be in charge of a restaurant.  During her nasty rant at me, she complained that her restaurant doesn't have enough business.Looking around, there were almost no customers.  Anyone who used to frequent this same location when it was "Chuy's" knows it was busy almost all of the time.All of the workers, including the manager, looked unprofessional and behaved unprofessionally.  They were dressed in jeans and t-shirts.  They were eating burgers from Sonic at the bar, and going in and out of the kitchen area while eating.  One of the staff had a milkshake from Sonic and while goofing around dumped it all over the floor.  She tried to clean it up with a dustpan.  The pan was dripping milkshake, tracking the milkshake further throughout the restaurant.With overpriced food, treating your customers badly, and behaving thoroughly unprofessionally (and I don't mean relaxed, I mean straight up bad), it's no wonder no one comes this place.  I doubt it's even up to code.I can't wait until it is out of business and someone opens up a better restaurant.
4	I can only write about the fajitas, which we have ordered on 3 different occasions.  Each time they were excellant, as was the guacamole and salsa!  We used a coupon from the mail. We were treated very nice, though the wait staff needs more training.
4	It's the first week of the NFL season and I came to scout the place as a potential home for NFL games.  I came early and my game was placed on one of the large television sets close to my table.The chips and salsa were plopped onto the table not long after I sat down.  Great chips and a salsa with a kick.  Nothing overly spicy but enough to get me a little snotty.  That's just how I like my salsa.  I started of with a Dr. Pepper that was refilled over and over without hesitation.  Filling my drink is essentially the only thing I look for in a server.  It's make or break when it comes to tip time.  I ordered the Pernil Asado tacos (roast pork & mango salsa) as it sounded interesting.  Not only was it tasty but the portions were generous.  The ample serving of pork made this dish of great value.The imported beer was pricey at $4 per pint but my drink limit is two when I'm out so it wasn't terrible.  Fuego isn't a place I'd come just to drink at that price.Service was very attentive and very friendly.  Based on other reviews here I suspect there's been some change in staff or overly picky Yelpers.Fuego Cantina is a great place if you ask me.  I was more than impressed with the service and food and the layout of the screens is perfect for football games.  I aim to make this my Sunday home.
4	Delicious food! Everything was fresh and the food is way better than your average Mexican food place. I ordered the quesadilla, the chicken was delectable and it came with chipotle sour cream- BOMB! Service was great. They have karaoke, open mic night, and live music on Friday nights. There was about 20 beers on tap and they have an awesome Blood Orange Mojito. It is exciting to have this place in the neighborhood!
4	I really enjoyed this place. The gentleman at the door was so nice and so were both waitresses. They went above and beyond, the one even went out of her way to help my Grandma up and into her wheelchair. The food was good. Not typical Mexican but delicious, unique flavors. I enjoyed the jalapeno corn allot it was good on the chips that they give you. I had the pork tacos with mango sauce and liked that allot also. My Mom had chili relleno and enjoyed it. My Grandma got the beef tacos and didn't like them but I think that was more just a personal thing, she likes ground beef and hard tacos and it was shredded and soft corn tacos. Would definitely try it again just leave Grandma at home next time, she is to picky at times. ;-)
1	How can the food here taste so awful?  I love Fuego Taco at the Esplanade - tasty food and great service.  It is hard to believe the same owners opened Fuego Cantina.  First of all - no greeting at all when you walk in this place.  Second Red Flag - Two tables occupied during lunch time.  My carne asada tacos were over cooked, dry and tasteless..and $10.  My boyfriend's pork tacos tasted off - like they had nutmeg or some odd spice in them. The best part about this place is the salsa.i won't go back, there are too many places with decent salsa in addition to good food and service.So disappointed
5	We love this place!  Holly, our server, is awesome; very attentive, positive, and gets our order right each time we're there!  We live a good 20 mins. from this restaurant but well worth the drive over!  The food is amazing, I get the blackened tilapia salad and it's delicious; hubby has gotten the enchiladas and chicken tacos, both dishes are very good.  The salsa isn't as spicy as the Camelback and the food is much more casual than the Palo Verde location, but just as yummy! We love all 3 locations and look forward to returning again! Thanks Fuego Tacos!
5	FUEGO CANTINA IS CLOSEDIt's a shame, too - They had great food and drinks here. :-(
5	I love love love this place! My boyfriend and I go here when I'm craving Mexican food that has good flavor, great spicy salsa and chips, awesome chile relleno, a filling taco salad, perfect fish tacos, and good service all for a great price! We have yet to be disappointed.
4	I want to give 5 to help out the Yelp score,  but the goal is to be objective.  There are definitely some reviews here that should be flagged.My wife and I both had tacos and split empanadas as an appetizer.  All was delicious.  Service was absolutely attentive.  There is no way some of these reviews are legit.  We will be back.
2	Fuego Cantina Closed.........I predicted this 8/17/12Too bad they didn't stand up to their other 3 restaurants.
