1	I went there during lunch hoping to be able to pick up a certain hair product I need to make my fabulous colored hair shine after washing. I always went to another salon, but this salon is just so close to work and I thought an upscale salon should have this product.They did not unfortunately. So I stood around looking like a fool while the person, I guess working there ?! chittchatted along with some lady with frizzy hair. I walked around the aisles checking, passed them, and they stoped their conversation looking at me like I was intruding their private conversation... yep... needless to say I left.I spend on an average about $150 once I start buying product. I guess I didnt look like a good spending customer today.. Oh well ...I will just drive further to the hair salon of my dream and purchase there again! biatches
5	Got my haircut there a few times and the stylist was great! :)
5	My boyfriend got his hair cut while we were on vacation. Everyone was very friendly and professional. I highly recommend!
5	Got a spur of the moment haircut there while the family was shopping.There was only one worker but she was GREAT!  Reminded me of the nerdy daughter on Modern Family.   The haircut took a little long because she had to answer phones, take appointments, and cash out people buying products.  She was super personable, kept apologizing, and was definitely as asset to the organization.Haircut would have been very quick without the interruptions.  I don't have a Bieber look.......just plain and simple.  I actually flow bee my hair most of the time but NEED a professional clean up every now and then.  The worker was so cute.........she did not know what a flowbee was.....thought I was drunk or on drugs probably......finally she said she would google it when she go home.I wish I got her name to giver her the full props and recognition.  Definitely look for her (the nerdy younger daughter looking hair stylist) if we want to have great service and conversation!
1	Every few months I come from Hawaii to buy products there.  Today I went to buy a couple Paul Mitchell products & noticed the price I was charged was not the price on the bottle. As I went back, the girl at the  desk (I believe her name was Yayme Millian-Marquez) was very sassy. She asked me to wait, which I was fine with but when I asked her how long it was going to take she said, "well it's busy right now & I need to help the other customers who are actually going to pay money." I felt offended and fold her I am a paying customer who actually overpaid. She apologized then, but by then I was already given a bad impression. After she helped everyone and looks up whatever necessary codes she needs to look up to price adjust & refund me, she couldn't offer the price on one of the bottles. It was about a $10 difference, but I bought it initially due to the price. She kept saying how its not her fault because she didn't label the bottles. I tried to explain that that's not what I'm concerned about, but more so how is she going to help me. She couldn't only offer 5% discount. After I expressed that I don't believe it's fair that she doesn't honor the price the store publicized she started talking back to me and even told me that she's "trying to help but everything is about you, you, you!" I told her she shouldn't be speaking to me like that and to just fully refund me my entire purchase. She continued to make sarcastic and rude remarks. I asked for manager/owners number and she will surely hear from me.
