5	As the saying goes "The stars know...".  If the stars don't know - then Katherine does!  A woman of many talents, indeed.  During the course of our first conversation, in a most random meeting while out walking the world, she revealed her aptitude for reading the Tarot.  Having studied metaphysics for decades, and dabbled in Tarot, myself, I found her insights intriguing.  Plus she was about to enroll students in her course for  "Tarot Reading 101"!  If it's not too cliche' may I add, "When the student is ready, the teacher appears."  I signed up on the spot.  Katherine's warm presence, clear  and direct communication style and her strong foundational knowledge of metaphysics made the ambiguous realm of Tarot intelligible.  As a natural teacher she guides the class to find the answers and keeps every one on track during discussions, with a little humor to keep it bubbling along.  Not a moment of disappointment here - even when I pressed her with many more advanced questions throughout our weekly 12 week course.  I was so impressed, that post class, I opted for a most insightful astrology reading with her as well.  Katherine is a true master of metaphysics - you will not be disappointed with readings from Katherine!  As a true visionary - Katherine also, newly founded The Conscious Community.  An excellent resource for folks seeking enlightenment on the path to metaphysics and natural health care.  As an innate connector, she is creating a network of experts throughout The Valley to help guide seekers with the best  of the best, in their respective fields.  An exclusive membership, through invitation only, always on the lookout for only the most qualified.  If you have an extraordinary experience, or better yet, a solid ongoing relationship with a gifted metaphysician, please contact Katherine and let her know of your insights.  And check out her cute haircut and style too... ;)
5	Katherine is a great resource for astrology readings and tarot readings.  I've had the pleasure of receiving both from her and have found the appointment fun and informative.  I continue to rely on Katherine when I feel that I need input to my life.
5	Katherine combined her astrological understanding and gift of intuition with her deep compassion for helping others to create a life awakening experience for me during our first session.  Through Katherine's teachings of my astrological chart, I realized for the first time in my life that I am truly unique and I don't need to try and change who I am, just love and accept myself for being me. After all there is only one me! By embracing my strengths instead constantly judging my faults, I feel empowered that I can create the happiness I have been seeking within my life and career. I will definitely meet with Katherine on a regular basis and when faced with any big decisions.  Her enthusiasm and love for helping others through astrology and tarot makes for a detailed and personal experience.
5	I could spend the whole day with Katherine! And I mean that in a way that she is someone who makes you feel like a friend. She made me laugh, I don't even know how many times, she just made me feel so comfortable. I have been going through hard times at this point in my life. Basically just not knowing what path I should be on, just plain confusion on my part. Everything that was mentioned was spot on. From how I grew up, to what I feel I must be doing but cannot seem to grasp. I am sure if I was being video taped you would see how big my eyes were the whole time 8*I would recommend Katherine to everyone and their mother. But I know if you are reading this it was because she was meant to fall in your path like she did mine. I wouldn't trade her for anyone!
