5	We came to Montreal for the weekend, staying in St Henri neighborhood. We wandered down Rue Notre-Dame and stumbled upon this gem. The staff was friendly, the atmosphere was great, and the food was delicious!I had the aubergine (eggplant) curry, which was incredible, and the drinks were tasty!Great for travellers, families, or dates! Casual atmosphere but still classy.
1	Horrific. From start to finish a travesty of a dining experience. Being referred to as guys, fellas, boys, gents and les gars by a waiter who is ten years younger than the youngest at table, ca fait mal. Being asked 'How about starting with some appys boys?' brought to mind the worst chain restaurants and this brand of overly familiar service persisted until he was too embarassed even to come to the table because the drinks and then the food took forever. The food: over priced, overwrought,  unimaginative, tepid and unfulfilling.This place was so bad the hashtags on display on many of the surfaces in the dining room almost inspired three non-twitterers to open twitter accounts just to be able to trash the place.If you live in St Henri spend the money on a cab, go up to Jean Talon, eat like a king, get in another cab to come home and still come out on top.
3	rating for new terrace, too much noise coming from the kitchen while on terrace, need to work on lighting to give nicer vibe.Food here is great though. For terrace, With a little work on little details would be great.And you can up sell sooooo much if your service was faster.
5	Staff were friendly and helpful. The food was simply amazing. Best Indian food I've ever tasted. Definitely a great restaurant memory. I'll be heading back there once I'm in Montreal again!
1	Dreadful. Boring, overpriced food, obnoxious servers, and creepy management. Caught the owner lewdly gazing at my girlfriend. Not my favourite dining experience!
5	I walked in on a whim with a friend from Toronto after we were given the cold shoulder at the burgundy lion.Everything was perfect from the start . Rex was an amazing host and the wait staff were attentive and friendly(shout out to Val). We loved the food suggested by Rex and will definitely be back for more. Thanks for making my out of town friend feel at home. Great job, great food.
4	Was invited here for a double date as it is a well known fact I like/know Indian food.  I really liked the atmosphere and the upscale casual feel for the place. The music was very nice too and at  the right volume. Ordered cocktails and was immediately drawn to Hot Lips for its spicy ingredients. But alas, it fell short on both punch and bite. Ordered 4-5 bunch of typical indian appetizers and they were all pretty good. Followed up with typical indian main courses. Overall the food is best described as 'indian food for beginners'  Flavors were muted and kept very conservative. Not very spicy nor very imaginative, but good healthy sized portions and we left satisfied. Finished off with the Gulab Jaman. No, not the best indian food you will have, but a good place to take the unitiated for a nice evening out. You want the real deal and authentic flavors go elsewhere. But this was a decent spot for a casual meal. Not cheap, but a pleasant dinner spot with introductory Indian cuisine.
5	Amazing food, atmosphere, and waitstaff. Great, charismatic executive chef who checked in on our table to ensure we were satisfied. The food is absolutely delicious (we got channa masala, chilli paneer, coconut seafood curry, goat vindaloo, garlic naan, and bhatura). Also yummy drinks. We will definitely be back each time we're in Montreal!
4	Located right in St-Henri Rasoi is a restaurant that focuses on Indian fusion.  They have plenty of dishes that are considered traditional Indian food but they also have a few that combine Indian cuisine with that of another country.  Prices are reasonable for the area.The decor is Indian-inspired but also very warm and inviting.  Upon entering the restaurant we were greeted by a very friendly host who seated us immediately.  Our waitress was also efficient and welcoming.  The only minor complaint I have is that after our main dishes were cleared we weren't asked if we wanted dessert, coffee or tea and we had to flag her down to get the bills.To start I had Street Cart Spring Rolls which were traditional spring rolls with an Indian twist.  They had been seasoned with curry which was different but added a nice touch.  I topped it off with a naan pizza which was loaded with tandoori chicken, yogourt, cheese and onions.  The pizza was quite heavy but I really liked the chicken on it.  Most restaurants play it safe with the spice but these guys don't and I like that!They have happy hour specials on beer and wine seven days a week.  We were able to split a bottle of wine for $30 which was pretty reasonable.  Also take note that the restaurant was fairly packed so it is best to play it safe and reserve (which you can easily do from the Yelp app FYI).
5	Dining in Rasoi was an enjoyable and flavourful experience. We were party of nine and our long table was in process of being set up when we arrived, so the bar was the obvious place to attack with an immediate demand for Bloody Caesar. The smiling bartender fixed a pretty good drink for some of us, mine being non virgin and non vegetarian spicy version with beautiful piece of bacon. Once seated our orders were collected promptly. Bring a magnifier if you have one as the menu is written in the smallest possible script and it may be hard to read the detailed descriptions of the dishes. Appetizers and mains arrived orderly, and were served with a smile, even the chef checked on us. The arugula salad was nice mix of fresh ingredients and could be ordered without the few fried calamari pieces, which I realized too late. For mains I tried two of the traditional Indian vegetarian dishes: okra masala and chick peas. Both were absolutely delicious and quite spicy, definitely not spicy hot, but seasoning was used generously. The food was served in small bowls and its quantity is more of a tapas size, but I find it sufficient in terms of value for money. The interior design of Rasoi is to write for, there are a lot of nice cultural elements incorporated in the brick walls that indicate the ethnicity of the cuisine you would eat, but the ceiling is what made me smile that night. Its colourful hippy flowers remind the 70s and made me sing in my mind "love, peace, freedom, happiness". My only complaint is the fact that my cloths smelled curry the next day, obviously the ventilation in the kitchen can be improved, but this is not a good reason to remove rating starts. Great dining option in the area!
5	Cute little place. Very good prices. Smells delicious when you enter .
