4	The post office...... I always approach these places with extreme caution and prejudice (It's a military term). Not because the patriots that frequent these establishments are questionable but after dealing with the employees, it's quite possible their behaviors have been altered. But the most important reason is because the employees are typically so disgruntled I worry one of them loose cannons might go off one day and turn this place into Chucky cheese shooting arena. ... Hold your breath - here we go!This post office is a quaint little location, decorated with a rustic hillbilly look. Quite small but it serves it's purpose. They have PO boxes, three tellers and they process passports, at least that's what it says on the door. Fortunately for me I passed up Mr. ray of sunshine while filling out my package info. The gentleman who I like going front of me, was getting read the riot act from Mr. sarcasm with every comment he made. That's the guy I was warning you about previously, he's either going to go crazy one day or cause someone to go crazy, your pick. So now it's my turn, and I draw window # 1. A nice sweet older lady who had nothing but awesomeness bestowed in her. She made my purchase simple and painless. Part of me wishes that I could've stayed longer to enjoy an episode of Jerry Springer with Mr. sarcasm but, the other half of me knows that my patients wouldn't be able to withstand his excitement for life too long. So......... If you get the chance to visit this location, try one of ladies if you wish to leave in a pleasant mood. That's all folks
4	A facility that still conveys the feeling and image of the small blip on the map Higley used to be before being consumed by the ever growing town of Gilbert.  Every time I've been here the counter has been staffed by what I'm guessing to be USPS veterans, I've never had a question they couldn't answer and I've done some tricky shipping all over the world.  While the building is modern, you do get a bit of a sense of a throw-back to a simpler time, which isn't a bad thing.
5	Best post office around.  One of the few where the workers are friendly, happy, very helpful and seem like they enjoy their jobs. Two thumbs up!
5	I always get very helpful service when I need to go the post office.  Quick, easy and not too far from where we live.Since this post office isn't too big, they don't have the mailing options (as many of them) as a larger post office.  We usually go to this one or the Chandler one, but this one is closer to our home.The people working here are always very friendly.  Love it!
5	Fastest customer service I've ever received at a post office. The place was clean and in a good area.
