5	The staff here are awesome. I started going here last month since I got Dr. Narala's name from the Advanced Urgent Care. Because of my inflammation in my foot and my cardio crp being elevated for the last two years, it was in my best interest that I was seen. Dr. Narala has is surely knows his stuff. Along with the elevated cardio crp, inflammation, Dr. Narala is also concerned that my arthritis has started to work its way through my system. I have gone through with xrays, ultrasound, two stress tests, and many other things. Dr. Narala is great as well as his staff and understands and takes time to listen to all his patients. He is not one that rushes through each appointment to make that dollar. THANKS DOCTOR NARALA.
4	I've been coming to Dr Narala since 2009.  My previous PCP recommended him and I checked with my ICU nurse stepmother who knew him from St Rose and thought highly of him too.Sometimes the wait seems a bit long but overall I'm happy with the service I get here.  Dr. N is always pleasant and friendly and never talks down to you.They also have a sleep center in the back if you need to have a sleep study done.
5	I am a newer resident and feel fortunate to have found Dr.  Narala. He took time explaining to me a treatment plan. His office is extremely organized and well staffed. He took pride in explaining things to me. In my opinion Dr Narala cares that he delivers the best care possible and cares about patients.
3	I was referred to Dr. Narala so I could get potential sleep disorders diagnosed. Dr. Narala himself is very nice and helpful in answering any questions that you'd have, but his office staff on the other hand can sometimes be a pain to deal with, especially on the phone because they don't always remember to follow-up with you on things like test results and insurance billing questions. These things may not seem important enough to them to prioritize but to a patient it can be very stressful not knowing.Usually if I don't hear back for a few days, I'll give the office a call and follow-up myself. I've been told by his office staff before that they either were too busy to call me or that they had called and left a voicemail when I don't even have a missed call or voicemail. I've also been early or on time to appointments here and then still had to wait almost an hour...What?! Overall I've gotten what I needed out Desert Cardiology, just sometimes the process drags on longer than it has to!
