5	DSW's clearance rack is pretty much what I envision heaven as being if it exists.  I can not tell you the way my heart leaps when I see a disgustingly ugly pair of shoes (my favorite kind) with that purple 70% off tag on it.  Sometimes I think I might cry.Seriously, their usual selection is great - If you can't find something for you at DSW you don't have feet - but for the frugal shoe-lady in me their clearance department can't be beat.
5	If you're not a member of their "club," sign up, it's free and you get serious money back to use the next time -- just don't be like me and let it expire -- it felt like burning dollar bills.  So, if you're a shoe-aholic and probably getting shoes anyway, you may as well start here...I do, and I've been pretty fortunate to leave with 4 big bags, and realize I've spent less than it would have cost for two pair full retail (just makes you realize what suckers we are for paying full price in department stores...).  The funniest thing though is when I go with my husband, and he buys more shoes than I do... I married Carrie Bradshaw...
3	Shoe Heaven - or Shoe Hell.  I guess that depends on how much you spend at the end of the day. LOL. I really like this place, especially the back wall that holds all the clearance shoes.Plan of attack - enter building - go to back wall - find your size - find your deal! Plus, this place is huge. You can find anything from boots to slippers to fancy heels for a night on the town.Its definitely a go to place if your hunt is for shoes- you won't be disappointed.DSW - Y not :)
3	I generally like the selection at DSW but I must have gone on during a mid-season. I didn't like any of the the boots, flats, heels, or casual shoes. I looked high and low in the clearance section and no luck. I know it's all a matter of personal taste, but I was trying hard because I had a $25 coupon from being in thier loyalty club. I ended up
3	This place is definitely a shoe mecca. I appreciate the wide variety of shoes thay have available. Some of these are a good deal. .some are not. I do appreciate that they have several mini benches to be able to sit while you try on this buffet of shoes- along with all the footlet stations set all about. What I most appreciate is that there isnt a person circling you - shark week style  - like they do @ Bath & Body Works or Victoria Secret. If I need your help every 3-5 minutes I will seriously find you.. trust. me. But I dont need to be asked by 5 different people if I need help or what I'm looking for. this place definitely has tons of shoes of all different styles but they lose one star for not having any Wide Width or Narrow selections. I personally appreciate when you have that variety for people. Very few places have wide width shoes as options so most of us just wear medium but lets face it 've seen some people that look like they are wearing boxes laced up to their feet and there should be a shoe store to accomodate everyone. DSW is unfortunately not one of these stores. Ive been here 3x and never bought a thing. I always end up going to burlington coat factory down the road and buying a pair of shoes for $20-$30 cheaper for the same shoe.
5	Easily one of the best DSW's I've been to!  And I've been to a lot of them!  Granted, this store is in the middle of the desert, but they have THE best sandal selection ever!!!So much so, that I couldn't pick a pair!  I left without a pair of shoes!  It was the most painful thing I've ever experienced!  I left a shoe store without a pair of shoes because I couldn't make up my mind!enough of that.  you get the point.  shop here.
2	whats the DSW stand for in their name? ill tell you designer shoe Warehouse thought the "d" stood for discount. well there are not many discounts. their shoes are a bit on the pricey side and then the ones i found i liked were not in my size wear a 11 that's not a crazy hard to find size. 3 shoes down and not one 11. i asked someone if they had more and she said whats out is out and walked off...thats customer service right there. their clearance section tempts you with big discounts with multi colored stickers but they are no where to be found and the shoe selection in the clearance looks like something my grandpa would wear.....lofers, dress shoes, and bad color combos on gym shoes..very bad....i didn't give it one star because shre there might be deals if you can find your size and you like loafers.
5	I've been to this DSW on numerous occasions. I've purchased boots, running shoes, sandals, and even house slippers here. I've also bought socks and even a wallet on my past ventures. I think the store is well kept, bright and clean like all DSW's of course. I love the way DSW has their shoes at the level of your hip, so you can see the shoes clearly. Most recently my mother purchased a pair of Nike shoes for my brother for Christmas, but unfortunately it was the incorrect shoe. We took them back and the employees were more than happy to issue a refund with no problems. While we were there I bought a new pair of Rocket Dog slippers for $29.99. I love cheap shoes!I kind of flip flop about whether or not DSW truly deserves 5 stars, but so many of my trips here have ended in success with no problems that I feel I must say it is as good as it gets in shoe purchasing.
3	I hate shopping.  Spending countless hours wandering through stores, pawing through merchandise, and coming home (ultimately) empty handed is my own personal hell.DSW, is not so hellish.  I have yet to walk out of DSW without making a dent in my bank account.  There are roughly one thousand different shoes for sale and you're bound to find one pair ya like.  Even guys will find something.  Plus, if you join their rewards program, you'll get $10 gift certificates from time to time.This DSW in particular is nice, quiet, clean, and never really busy.  Their staff are also friendly and helpful-something I haven't encountered at the Lake Mead location. However, their selection is not as good.  Often, when I can't find the right size for a style, I just head to Lake Mead and find it. Kind of annoying because I want this store to triumph and defeat the Lake Mead DSW!Overall, a good shopping spot and I'm bound to be back....
4	This DSW moved from Marks to the Stephanie Street Shopping Center on N. Stephanie (same lot as Old Navy).  This location is very clean and organized.  It's a total shoe paradise!  Aisles and aisles of shoes that seem to be logically organized by type (sneakers, flip flops, heels, open toe, closed toe, wedges, etc.  I'm in a shoe trance just thinking about it).  The sales racks in the back of the store are also pretty organized and neat.  I love that they have other accessories to browse through (hats, purses, clutches, even ipad covers) and a large collection of socks (I have a thing for socks... weird, I know).  The prices are decent and if you sign up for their card you get rewards offers in the mail.  The one thing I notice is that, although it seems like a never ending collection of shoes, there really aren't all that many brands/designers when it comes down to it.  Aisle after aisle you keep seeing shoes from the same few designers and it gets a little old.  But if I'm looking for a specific style or something to match an outfit for an event I can always find something good here in a jam.  And I can often walk out of here with something I don't need - sign of a successful shopping trip if you ask me :)
4	This location seems smaller since it moved but it's still clean, well organized and has friendly, helpful employees. Shoe shopping is usually a good time but DSW makes it even better. Be sure to sign up for their rewards card, you'll get coupons for your birthday and after you spend a certain amount. I can usually find what I'm looking for here, huge variety of  shoes at pretty good prices. I don't know why I try to find shoes elsewhere, I keep ending up here and getting what I need.
5	I "LOVE" "LOVE" LOVE" this Store!! It's rare to encounter for anyone these days to find store employees who genuinely want to help a customer solve a problem or find exactly what they need.  Most people are too self-interested to care about someone else, especially a stranger. NOT HERE! The people who work here are the most helpful and friendly Employees EVER! and they carry my size! I will not purchase shoes anywhere else.. I want to thank the staff at DSW Henderson for  their great service and "AWESOME" collection of shoes and Accessories! Keep up the Good work DSW!This store is  the place to go!
1	I was not a frequent dsw customer, but had been a few times with a friend.  I desperately needed new black flops and couldn't find any, so went to the dsw.  I bought a pair of black slide type sandals that were not what I came for, but had walked up and down the aisles in them several times and they were really cute.  Note, I only wear sandals ever.  So I wear these news shoes to dinner and they fall off at least five times, including walking through the dirty parking garage and my foot is barefoot on the floor.  So within five days of purchasing and wearing the shoes into dinner and back, I go to return the shoes and the lady says I wore them and she can't return them.  I told her to mark them damaged and send them to the manufacturer....they do not work.  She just said....no, too bad and they are yours.  I will not be shopping at dsw in the future because if you can't understand that a product did not function in the manner sold, I will shop where people have the good sense to understand such theories....literally the shoes just fell off the feet and you walked right out of them and had to turn around to retrieve them and then at the dinner table, they kept falling off too.  There was no way for them to stay on the foot. I understand stores have people running scams and such, but these were not wedding shoes or something I tried to return 6 months later.  I, on purpose, went back within the week,  to be sure that they realized I hadn't kept the shoes for an extended amount of time.  I am not a fan of specialty stores for this very reason.  Their return policies are horrible.  Just because you only have a narrow client base doesn't mean that you want to turn away customers with bad service and policies.  I liked the shoes, they didn't function!
2	So I responded via email per request to the CSR rep below and she was concerned and courteous.  I emailed her maybe twice and another corporate rep also emailed with concern and humor.  I was then told that the local district manager would be contacting me within the week.  That was a few weeks ago.  I am really over a bad customer experience a month ago, but it is a shame the disconnect between local and corporate.  I need no further contact from dsw, but did feel the need to update the review.
