5	You want to know how old I am?  I was here when this opened.  (Story time) I was in grade school.  I was SO excited because the only other library in North Phoenix before this one was built was (and I kid you not) a green and white one room mobile trailer on 32nd street near Thunderbird.  As a voracious reader, I'd pretty much burned through the entire kids section and a good chunk of the adult section by the time this new library was built when I was 10.  We watched it being built and Oooo-d and Aaaaaa-d over it's super modern architecture.  I was so excited that Mom let me miss school for the day to be there for the opening ceremonies where speeches were made about progress in Phoenix and Rose Moffard cut the bright red ribbon.  It was amazing.  Though it's gone through an expansion since then, it's surprising how small this library seems now in comparison to the mega-mart libraries that have sprouted up in other parts of town.  It's gone from being THE library in the area, to one of the smaller libraries in the general area.  It's still a great neighborhood library though.  That super modern architecture is still holding its own pretty well against the new fancy locations.  And the fact that it is a part of the Paradise Valley Mall "circle" of shops is really convenient.
4	This library is small yes, but I can't help but love it. Mesquite is probably responsible for me knowing how to read. That and the fact my mom dragged me here all the time. Although I realize how small and old this Library is, like most old things it has a lot of character. This Library has been flooded, rebuilt, and expanded all in the past ten years. Everything is open and very easy to navigate. Another thing that amazes me about this Library is the amount of books they fit into such a small space. Based on all the books you can find here the size is not important at all. Sure you won'tfind a ton of places to sit and relax,but the book you want will probably be here. If you have kids or take care of them Mesquite offers a teen group as well as summer reading programs, story times, performances, and crafts. I'm really grateful my mom dragged me here all the time because it gave me a great love of reading and respect for literature. Mesquite also offers:CD'sDVD'sVHSBooks on tapeMagazinesNewspapersComputers with Internet open to public
5	I grew up at this library.  And now I am old and married and hope to someday take my very own kids to this library.  They have a great selection of audio books.  I am a major audio book fan and this is the place to be! Clean, safe, you are not bothered by stranger dangers.  I dig this library.
5	Been going to this library often now as it is the only one close by.  Good selection of books and audio for such a small library.  I've found it's a great place to spend time reading in one of the large chairs or out on the patio.  I ride my bike their and it's so fun to just take a ride on a Saturday with my pack and go to the library for a few good reads.  The book check-out is all new and very simple to work, and the customer service desk is very helpful.  I remember when the library was flooded a while ago when heavy rains were brought in by the monsoon.  But even through that, they redid everything and looks like it never happened.  Also got to love the unique, and interesting architecture of the old building.  Got to go see it.  This is my favorite library!!
5	I haven't used my library card in over a year (no idea how i racked up the $20 in over-due fees). Anyhow, what i luv about this place?  The used book corner.  This is where u can snag mags, children's books, novels, cd's, videos, altas, library discards, ect.  I like donating my books, but I LOVE picking thought the selection of goodies for 25 & 50 cents.Reminds me, my shelves are over-flowing - time to donate again.
2	This library is depressing. The hours suck, (Scottsdale Libraries are open much later.) It's hot, and it's always overcrowded. The selection is disappointing, and it's hardly silent. It really sucks, because it's within walking distance of my house.
2	Just stopped in here, felt the need to write an update. Nothing changes here. It's consistently blazing hot inside, (even on a rainy day, like today), it's extremely overcrowded and small, and the selection is still disappointing. The only reason I even wasted my time to walk in the doors here was I need to write a research paper for Friday. Being the procrastinator I am, I'm just now gathering resources for this. But HA, resources, at Mesquite?! You MUST be joking. There were barely a dozen magazines on the shelves, and the children's section takes up 1/3 of the entire building. And hey man, I'm all for children getting into reading, but really, this facility is far too small to do anything at. No cubicles, about 5 tables to study at, narrow aisles between useless materials, and not a single vacant computer station in sight. I wish Westcor included this library in it's rebuffing of PV mall, because this place is a scar on the face of the city of Phoenix, Westcor Shopping Centers, and the surrounding neighborhoods. The ONLY reason I bumped Mesquite up to 2 stars is due to the used book corner. I wish all libraries had this....so kudos for that.But come on Mesquite, you've got so much potential. I definitely won't be returning here anytime soon.
4	A welcome contrast to the sprawling blandness of its neighbors-the strip malls, the Paradise Valley mall, Costco-is the small but shapely Mesquite Branch Library. It was designed by Will Bruder, the don of Phoenix architecture who also gave us the Burton Barr Library. Much smaller than its cousin, the Mesquite Branch still manages to provide decent functionality within its attractive facade.I spent a fair amount of time in the the library this summer trying to cut my utilities bill. I felt they always had the AC pumping adequately. Finding a seat, however, was sometimes a problem. There just isn't enough table space. The library seems focused on serving children, to whom most of the free space is dedicated. It's hard to complain too much about that.For adults, there are plenty of DVDs and audio recordings. The spotty book selection is bolstered by the interlibrary loan system. The newspaper selection is OK but the magazine shelf is poor. In the Used Book Corner, I can always find one or two great books for under a $1. If you have a laptop you should bring it, since the line for the computers is always long.Despite being designed to serve a much smaller community, and undergoing serious budget cuts, the Mesquite Branch still serves the area well. And it does so with great visual flair. In addition to the architecture, Lewis Alquist's Whorlpath-an outdoor garden with terrazzo patio-is a great place to relax with a book. Weather permitting, of course.
4	I love this library because it is near my house, but let's face it how can you go wrong with a library adjacent to the Paradise Valley Mall.  Also close to my bank and Costco this is awesome! So I use the library for getting all my books, music and movies if  Netflix doesn't have what I want and my favorite part is the little key chain library card I always have it with me so when I get my email reminder that I have a hold waiting to be picked up viola I can pick it up on my way home, park right out front in the 5 min zone and within minutes I am home enjoying my selection.
4	Okay, I come here now all the time. I'm such a hyprocrite, and since we pay Phoenix taxes, I want to use Phoenix, not Scottsdale libraries. Gotta represent the home team. It is small. The people who ring you out aren't that interested in helping you. But everybody else that works here in the past three weeks that I've been stopping in have been really helpful and insightful on what I should read next. There are enough tables to do homework. Granted, there aren't a lot, but there are enough. If you can't find a place around the front, nobody sits at the tables towards the back. I must have been in an awful mood the last time I was in. I remember the day vaguely and remember spending a lot of time on the phone with customer service people at AT&T. That must have been why. Me + rude customer service agents = direct Yelp impact. Good thing for updates. Still, there's one thing that sucks about this library, and all Phoenix libraries; a lack of good newspaper. Honestly, the Arizona Republic is an awful newspaper. It absorbs nearly every article from Reuters. There's no originality. So, yeah I realize you guys have to carry it, but carry something else too. If I spoke Spanish I'd take advantage of the Spanish newspaper, but alas, I do not. The LA times and New York Times are grand, but where's the Chicago Sun Times, the SF Chronicle, or La Monde? I like newspaper. You guys need more. Either way, I spend a lot of time here struggling over Calc homework. I've grown to love it.
4	This is a great neighborhood library.  You can park in the mall's covered lot, and cross the teeny little road to get to this library.If you weren't already "in the know", you can reserve any Phoenix library item online, and have it delivered to the library of your choice, for pickup. That's what I do, do when I go to the library, it's generally to pick up something on hold, and then to peruse the shelves for an unfamiliar read, or a DVD.Inside, it's comfortable.  The "reserved" books section is well organized. My kids can always find some fun read.  Picture this nice summer day (mom w/ kids -style):  Park in the covered lot.  Take the kids to a matinee at the theater in the mall.  Get a little lunch at the food court.  Go to the library.  No need to move the car- you've parked once and the car is still in the shade!
4	Well this is my local branch....again another locale within walking distance of my apt. My favorite aspect of this library is the self check out. I love how you can just let scan your card....place your items on the pad....the computer checks them out for you....and you receive your receipt. It is fast....easy....and you don't have to talk to anyone....not to mention there is great parking. My other favorite aspect of this branch is that you can put a hold on books if you have an online account with www.phxlib.org and when you materials are ready they will send you an email and you can go to your favorite branch and pick them up. This is a great service offered by the phoenix library system....and the customer service staff is very helpful when you come into the branch. They also have free Wi-Fi....computer access....all the latest CD's and DVD's and plenty of children and adult activities on a daily basis. So get out to your favorite branch and remember to Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!
3	Where's the" SHHHHHHHHHHH!"? Went here to STUDY and the place is just as loud as your neighborhood Starbucks.I'm not THAT old, mid-twenties, BUT why do I feel so old? I want to tell all these people, "back in my day, when I was a little girl we weren't allowed to talk on our cell phones, carry on conversations, or comment on websites while surfing the library's internet."Its a really nice library. Great A/C. Right next to the mall. Feels clean and safe. Have event scheduled throughout the month for its patrons (which can be easily accessed online.)Besides everyone disregarding their Library 101 skills, I'm also disappointed in the hours of this branch. Closes at 5 most weekdays.Maybe I could form a different opinion if I was allowed to go to this branch on a more frequent basis ;)
5	I love the story time program here! I started coming this summer after having a baby and wanting to get my toddler out of the house while beating the heat. The staff here is amazing! It is a 30 minute session of singing, dancing, stories and bubbles. We look forward to this every week now. My daughter loves the take home cut out and coloring sheet. The first thing she does is come home and color it. I am so thankful for this free program.
5	This library is close to home and great,  the librarians are always warm and friendly!!Good selection and always neat and clean!!
4	This is the best library (other than Burton Barr which is 4 floors and hard to beat).  The Staff are always friendly and when you use their 'hold' system, you can get in and out really quickly.  The only complaint is, for the 2nd busiest library in Phoenix, they sure have a small parking lot.
4	I've been coming to this library for over 10 years. I really like it. The location is great, I can charge my car at the blink station while I'm looking at books and its open late.
4	I frequent this library mainly for the children's section. I enjoy the layout of this library. The children's section is equipped with several computers for all ages. There are also plenty of puzzles and books to play with. There is a magnetic board and a felt board for the children to explore. I have tried the story time for the toddlers and my one complaint is due to the popularity of it, the room in which its held can become stuffy and a little claustrophobic. The upside to this is, they hold an overflow story time in the open play area to accommodate those who did not get into the designated room. I have also noticed security is obvious and present. There is a guard who frequently patrols the library.
4	Used to come to this library often while I was in school.  Haven't come here many times after 2007.  But still come here once or twice just to vote for City of Phoenix elections.  Very good location right by PV Mall and near SR-51 and Loop-101.  I believe the city cut the library hours, so this location doesn't even open on Fridays anymore.  But I would agreed on the good librarians working in the library.
4	The library sure has changed over the years! Everything is so easy to find no matter what you are looking for. I out my books on hold and have them transferred from whatever library has it to my preferred location then I get an email when it's ready and they are on a specific set if shelves! Easy!Only complain about this location is parking. The lot isn't set up very well and can get tight.
4	I have been to this library a few times now, usually to pick up some books that are on hold or to quickly return some books. The location is ideal and yet not. It's great because it is near the Paradise Valley Mall and if you need to get some shopping done, awesome. However, if you just want to get in and out quickly, that's a little more difficult because you are near a mall that is busy, busy, busy! Cars are zipping in and out of the mall parking lot/loop and it can be difficult to get out of the library. Plus the parking lot for the actual library is on the small side and it is U shaped. So if you don't find parking, you have to leave and come back in to circle back around. Despite this, the inside is nice and has a nice lay out. I'd recommend this library just for the convenience.
4	The hubs comes to this library with our little man more than I do, but the few times I have tagged along with them, the place seems great.  There are always activities going on for the little tykes.  There's a quiet play area in the children's section where our son likes to build towers.  There's also a bunch of computers that he can go to to play some online games (nickjr, disneyjr, pbskids, etc.).  Whenever the hubs puts a book on hold, he gets an email to let him know that it's in.  The checkout system is self serve and pretty convenient.  The culture passes seem really cool, too, although we haven't taken advantage of that yet.
5	Great location and selection. Libraries are the best thing our taxes actually go to. The security guard here is awesome and is quick to tell idiots at the library to get off their phone or to stop talking.
4	This library has been around for a long time. It used to be on 32nd St, north of Cactus in a small little building. They have a great selection of books, videos, and music. They also offer classes for your children for free. Books! Check'em out!
4	Stunning architecture and interior murals. The lobby is breathtaking in size materials and color The children's library needs to be seen, a perfect space for children's learning
5	WOW wow WOWwwwww! At first I expected this place to be a grocery store and was a little disappointed at first, but man was I in for a pleasant surprise. This place actually has books! Tons of them! I'm from Bosnia and wasn't familiar with the whole library/rent a book concept and at first I was offended that they wouldn't  take cash for the books I had chosen! I fought a bit ....especially when the worker said to bring them back in 3 weeks! However we worked things out! It's an amazing concept! You get to read a book for free and then take it back and choose a new book! America is so great
