5	Here I am lactose intolerant and going for ice cream early in the morning.  They don't call Las Vegas Sin City for nothing!  This is the Haagen Dazs located at the lower level food court at the MGM Grand.I had a regular serving of the caramel cone in a cup and the scooper was very generous.  It's rich and smooth Haagen Dazs vanilla ice cream with swirls of soft caramel and lots of dark chocolate covered ice cream cone pieces mixed in.  I had my breakfast with two Lactaid tablets and a bottle of water.  It was pure deliciousness!!
4	***While definitely not unique to the Las Vegas area, this gourmet ice cream and milkshake stand at the MGM Grand is satisfying nonetheless***After posting my review for Vosges (at the Forum Shops in Caesars), I decided to head back there for one of their shakes.  Unfortunately, I learned that Vosges is no longer carrying ice cream in the store and thus no longer making milkshakes.Fortunately, I ran into this Haagen Dazs along the row of MGM Grand Studio Walk shops and decided to get my milkshake fix here.  I opted for the Baileys shake, which was made with their Baileys ice cream (which you can't get in the grocery store) and was topped with whipped cream and chocolate cookie crumble.The milkshake had a great flavor (distinct Baileys flavor).  The milkshake though was a little thin.  A lot of the milkshakes I have had recently have been thin.  In terms of texture, it was not any worse than other milkshakes I've tried, it is just that I do hope one of my future milkshakes will be thicker.Service was pleasant and quick.Pricing here was probably a little more expensive than what you would pay at other non-Las Vegas Haagen Dazs locations, but the pricing was reasonable when compared to the rest of Las Vegas.Haagen Dazs makes good premium ice cream and this location is a safe one to visit.  If you are looking for a milkshake here, I advise you to request them to make it thick.  Given the good service I had here, I think they would be happy to oblige.Parking is available in the free self parking structure adjacent to the MGM Grand (the parking structure is also very close to this Haagen Dazs).
5	Holy Yum Yum! This little Haagen Dazs is really great. No lines and friendly service. I got the Brownie A la Mode in a waffle cone with chocolate and nuts - ok probably 30,000 calories, but worth it (vanilla ice cream, brownies and fudge). They have fresh fruit to make smoothies too. I had the same thing two nights in a row it was that good.
