1	My friend P and I have been waiting for what seems like forever for this place to open.  Finally, a taste of La Grande Orange/Postino and Pizzeria Bianco in Ahwatukee?  It's about time.  These at least were supposed to be some of the guys behind it so we thought of course the food would be delicious and the menu would be original.  When I finally saw an 'OPEN' sign on the other day, we made plans for lunch.  After a little bit of last minute Christmas shopping we stopped in for lunch and of course all morning I was joking that I hoped it wasn't just salads and cold sandwiches and of course, it was.  We nearly walked out with only two kinds of salads of four sandwiches on the menu (and nothing out of ordinary either - I'm talking Caesar salads and turkey sandwiches) when we spotted the burger and saw the special of the day was a half roast chicken with rosemary roasted potatoes.  We decided to split those but just went with water when nothing in their drink case inspired us.  Just  some Coke, Diet Coke and a couple of specialty sodas.  Just a couple.  Not much of a selection.  We let the toddler pick a table and waited about 15 minutes for our food to come out.  I almost laughed out loud when I saw our rosemary potatoes.  There were only six pieces.  Not six small potatoes.  Six tiny potato wedges.  I think they were rationing them but once we tried them and found they had been in the oven about 20 minutes too long, neither of us wanted them anyway.  The chicken was equally dried out but also bland.  The leg and thigh was better than the breast but I expect the whole bird tho be juicy and moist.  If Safeway can get it right for $4.99, I certainly expect a decent restaurant to be able to.  At least we had the burger, right?  I ordered it rare because it's always overcooked and it came out medium, which I expected.  It was nice and large but other than that, there isn't anything else nice to say about it.  It had a gamey flavor to the meat and the bun, described as 'Artesinal' on the menu, had the taste and consistency of the butt ends of a loaf of Wonder bread.  Additionally, the bun was coated in a thick schmear of yellow ballpark style mustard.  Maybe it was meant to cover up the gamey flavor of the meat, I don't know, but you couldn't taste much else.  A man looking like a manager was walking table to table asking how things were but seemingly only going to table with men - probably unconsciously.  We probably looked like a couple of empty-headed moms who sit around and watch soap operas all day and buy most of our meals through a drive-thru window and couldn't have an opinion of our own, so why would he ask how our meal was?  I was looking forward to telling him what a disappointment it was and how my palate hadn't been that offended since the last time I ate airplane food.Because this place has such promising owners behind it, I'm going to give it a few months and check out their menu again.  If it's changed, I'll go back but it's been a while I've been this 'wronged' at such a promising restaurant.
4	Damn! I wanted to be the first to write about this funky fresh new dining spot. My review is completely on the other end of the spectrum of the last reviewer. I've been to Hillside Spot about half a dozen or more times and have been entertained, well fed, and treated like family. Hillside has big chestnuts to open a place like this in a town that is used to ITALIAN ITALIAN and more ITALIAN restaurants. The only thing you might find Italian at Hillside is one of the chef's slicked back jet black hair style. I'm not even sure if that's Italian but it looks cool. The best seat in the house is the mesquite locally made bar. It's has some serious wood. It's placed right in front of the open kitchen. You see everything from the chefs working their flavor magic to their bad ass rotisserie - it's awesome. Do you want to know about the food? It's good! Their Modern American cuisine has a little flare (nothing that will scare off the Italian junkies), a lot of flavor, and fair prices. The ingredients are fresh and locally purchased. Hats off to Hillside's staff, especially Christopher and I think she is the FOH manager (she has black hair and always smiling.) They have passion; they are courteous; and genuine. Clap clap clap!  Hillside if you read this - will you consider adding something special to your menu? A handmade seasonal milkshake. Mmmmmmmm. And wifi, please!
3	I've been eating at the Gallo Blanco every since it opened and it's one of my fav places for breakfast.  Gimme street corn!!  Hearing they were going to open this place near my abode in Ahwatukee, I got excited.. Until I actually went there for  breakfast and found a very different and unexceptional menu.  The pancakes and sausage were good but I found myself staring at the menu looking for something to get me excited to come back and try.  Didn't really find anything of that nature.  The service was friendly and efficient and professional.  What I couldn't understand was why they devoted 3/4 of the interior space to this monstrous kitchen, leave slice of space down the side for a few measly tables.  That or sit at the long bar down that same side.  I had my pleasant unexceptional meal and left wondering if there was any reason for me to come back.
3	Cool place, comfortable. Sorely needed in the 'Tuke.  Went for lunch today.  Slow ordering process and a bit crowded with food items on shelves right behind the ordering line...need to move that stuff and free up space for people to comfortably read the menus and get ready to order.  The ice tea set up needs some reorganization...it's a deadend into the windows and tables and people cannot flow through as they should to keep things moving.Turkey sandwich was good - not great, but good.  Appeared pretty lonely on a lunch plate with a sliver of a pickle...come on it's a pickle you can charge more but at least give us a bit more than a sliver.  Ordered my sandwich and asked for mustard but no mayo - they skipped the mustard AND the mayo.  How about a few chips, or a bit of pasta salad on the plate to keep my turkey sandwich company....If you go with a group, expect your meals to come out one at a time vs. all meals for the table at once...I noticed a lot of guests sitting there with 1 or 2 meals served while the others at their tables sat and waited...get it together Hillside - use one "poker chip" for the whole table and bring the food at once...It's a cool place, they'll work out the bugs.  I'll go back to try breakfast and maybe even dinner (after Feb. 1st)...but they need to just observe the flow in the place...oh yeah, and for such a 'cool' place...who needs gas station energy drinks on the counter....de-clutter dudes it will be 'cooler' yet.It's nice, needs to work out the kinks, but I hope it makes it...good crowd and lots more coming in as I left...
4	Cool spot 2 minutes away from my house, intrigued to try it mostly because of the mixed reviews here. Like most reviewers mentioned, the set up is not the best. Once you order you feel kind of lost, what with looking for your drinks, silverware, condiments, etc. Menu is minimal, they serve breakfast until 2 pm and lunch until 4 pm. After Feb 1st, they'll serve dinner as well.I went at about 1:15 pm and there was a good amount of people. I imagine that during the weekends this place must be pack, especially since is not that big.  Although the set up could be better, I liked the decor, straight and simple. I like the green color, in fact, I didn't even noticed it until I left. They have a patio area that's not open yet. I ordered the burger (medium) with Gruyere cheese and fries. It was delicious and perfectly cooked. The tomatoes even had a sprinkle of pepper. The only drawback was the bread. While very good, it was soggy from the burger and tomato juices. I don't like rock hard bread, but it seems this bun was to flimsy for the burger. The fries were hot, already seasoned with salt and pepper, I enjoyed them. A nice pickle on the side completed my meal. For dessert, I had a blondie cookie which was perfect.I noticed that the iced tea containers at the drink area were almost empty, not refilled while I was there. I don't quite understand the "market" part, it was a few knick knacks, some olive oil, peanut butter and jelly, Meyer products. I guess I was expecting more. All in all, a good experience. I hope they only get better. I plan to visit again to find out.
4	5 stars...This place made my day!  I live near Tukee, therefore I am warped right, but I think the space is great, cool atmosphere, and delicious food.  I had the pork sandwich which had tangy coleslaw,  mustard seeds, and apple slices among other unique fillings.   I like that it was not too barbequey like most pork sandwiches i have had. It has the feel of being a more established restaurant though i learned they opened up December 2009.  I thought the layout/ design had a modern industrial feel and lots of light.  I agree this place is a relief to the area (:  Go check it out!
4	After reading all of the reviews and with visions of leisurely morning strolls to consume a relaxing and delicious breakfast dancing in my mind, I wanted so bad to try the Hillside Spot that I went twice in one day! One Saturday morning, before a fundraiser Bocce Ball tournament at the Ahwatukee Community Center (which I forgot to add as an event . . . oops), I could hardly contain myself from running over to "The Spot" to get a cup of coffee to start the day. A simple request, a cup of coffee, but more of a fact finding mission, really to check it out and see if the I would want to come back later for lunch. Mission = Success! I was prepared (thanks to other reviewers) for the slightly confusing setup so it wasn't too much of a surprise. I ordered my coffee, poured my coffee, waited at the counter for the steamed milk to add to my coffee, and happily left to attempt to play bocce ball . . . not so much success on that front. Oh well, you win some, you lose some, right? I did however come back later for lunch with the BF and we both loved our sandwiches. I tried the vegetable sandwich with wonderful fillings like roasted zucchini and eggplant puree served on herbed focaccia. He got the pulled pork sandwich with coleslaw. I asked to steal a bite, in the name of review research of course! Very tasty! In my mind, the term "pulled pork" is usually associated with gobs of barbecue sauce, which while most of the time is perfectly fine with me, this time was not the case. There was a coarse ground mustard with the pork and coleslaw, and while the classic barbecue flavor was there, the sauce was not, but it really didn't matter. Both sandwiches were wonderful! Now, to go back for dinner . . . or even happy hour!!
4	Hillside spot is a much needed breath of fresh air in chain-ridden Ahwatukee.  I know there's some local mom and pops in the area but they all seem to be Italian.  Hillside is a top quality fast casual restaurant serving locally sourced and environmentally friendly products.The service is always really friendly.  I've been coming here since they opened and I've seen them grow over the last few months.  I'm so glad they're here. It's a great place for breakfast, lunch or a quick dinner.  It's fun to sit at the bar and watch the kitchen at work. Their retail area is cute but doesn't offer a wide selection.  This doesn't bother me since I'd rather see more tables than retail space!  They offer a variety of sandwiches, salads, baked goods, and mesquite rotisserie chicken (yum!).  Indoor and outdoor seating is available.
4	When I first saw Hillside Spot, I thought it was a new coffee place. I guess I was a little predisposed to think so (there used to be a Coffee Plantation there). I was happy. I could use a non-Starbucks coffee place in my neighborhood.Turns out destiny had something even better in mind.I had lunch at Hillside this very afternoon. After pondering the options (not many), I decided on the pulled pork sandwich, which comes with their own special coleslaw - not on the side, but on the sandwich.I don't like coleslaw. I do not like it on a plane. I will not eat it on a train. I would not touch it in rural Spain. Coleslaw is not my thing in the sense that burning off my own eyebrows is"not my thing".But somehow the cashier talked me into trying it. And I am SO glad I did, because the sandwich was excellent. I washed it down with a bottle of Mexican Coke (the good stuff) and considered it an excellent lunch. I may just have to rethink my stance on coleslaw.The restaurant is clean, well-lit, and just about perfect for a weekend breakfast or lunch. The tables aren't too crowded or too far apart, and it has a nice contemporary feel. I am definitely going back.
4	This is easily the best breakfast place in Ahwatukee, probably in the East Valley.  It gives high quality, organic places like Joe's Farm Grill and Liberty Market a serious run for their money.  The first time we tried Hillside Spot, they had just been featured in the AZ Republic.  When we arrived, they were turning people away - they couldn't handle the volume.  Each additional time that I have been for breakfast (always on a Sat or Sun) it has been crowded, but not mobbed.  We usually wait about 5 minutes for a table.The food is amazing.  Large portions of good, high quality food.  I love the Croque Monsieur - a thick slab of frilled french bread slathered with bechamel sauce and topped with thin-sliced grilled ham, melted Gruyere cheese, and an egg (the egg is optional, and is added at no charge).  My wife had the huevos rancheros.  The salsa verde was fantastic and the potatoes were great, but I found that dish to be a little boring.The pancakes look fantastic and the coffee is really, really good.  They use an open kitchen design so that you can see the food prep, and every single dish looks incredible.  I have not been here for lunch, but the burgers look excellent.I am in love with this place, but am going to give it a 4 just because its still rather chaotic in here.  I was confused about how to get my drinks, the waitresses run around yelling out your name as they deliver the food that you ordered from the register, and it is often just a bit overwhelming.  On the other hand, this is only because the place is so good, and people are starting to figure it out.I am SO glad that a place like this exists in Ahwatukee.
4	5 stars for ambience3 stars for foodOkay, let's get one thing straight, it's NOT the best place for breakfast in Ahwautukee or the East Valley; I don't know what is, but I do know Crackers on Elliot and Hardy offers better food. The appeal of this place comes down to it's ambience. It has a very urban feel and reminds one of the breakfast places in San Francisco or any large cosmopolitan city. Everything from the black chalkboard menu to the funky sodas to the Emo/Snow Boarder waiters who yell your name out. Think La Grande Orange in the East Valley! You order at the register and they bring your food to you. You get your own silverware and sauces.  It was also suprisingly quick. The pancakes came with peanuts, caramel syrup and whipped cream. Honestly, it would have been better with nothing on it. The toppings did nothing for it aside from making it too sweet. The pancakes themselves were what sold me on it as they actually had flavor instead of being like your typical IHOP or McDonalds pancake that is flavorless until you drown it in syrup. The Turkey sandwhich was good but largely because of its bread, other than that, there was really nothing special about it either. I feel like even Teakwoods, the sports bar on Ray and Kyrene has sandwhiches that are more unique like its BLT with a fried tomato.We had the pancakes and the turkey sandwhich. Both were excellent but both also had something missing. I would probably come back here for the combination of the ambience and the food as opposed to the food itself. I wasn't blown away by the food but the place was a lot of fun because it's unique. We certainly need to support more places like this if we want more non-chains.The bottomline is it's worth going to because it's fun and it's a great place to take people. Nonetheless, it's clear people have allowed the ambience and vibe to affect it's opinion of the food. The food is good but not noteworthy
2	Wanting to be fair, I've gone back to Hillside Spot (Is that name godawful and unimaginative or what?) several times, hitting breakfast, lunch and dinner..I guess I desperately want to have something more than chains and fast food near me in Ahwatukee.  I just left there after having dinner again.  They still have lots of work to do.. and need to get some of those  fools out of their kitchen before it's too late....Let's start with breakfast two mornings ago.  Pancakes, two eggs over medium, and bacon( gots to eat the sacred pig you know) .  I do like their pancakes...even if they aren't whole grain.. The over medium eggs were fried on the bottom, fried brown.   The bacon was ice cold. Not warm, not room temperature, cold.  I called someone over and told her my over medium eggs were actually fried on the bottom and she had the nerve to tell me "well you have to fry an egg to cook it."   I mean do I look like I just fell of the turnip truck? I told her I know what over medium is and these ain't.  Then told her the bacon was cold.  Cold.  She took my plate and came back with another one in 3-4 minutes announcing she had taken someone else's order.  At least the eggs were done right and the bacon was hot.  Ok.. dinner last week was a chicken and house made pasta dish that I thought was rather good.  And worked well as leftovers too.  I like a good pasta..  Dinner tonight...their roasted half chicken is always good, tasty, but the fries that came with it had so much salt on them I thought I was Lot's wife!  I mean bitter salty..How does that happen in a good kitchen? The apple pie was a mixture of warm and cool and mostly big chunks of crust....ug....... I'm batting about .150 here with this joint....I suppose I'll keep trying and see if they ever get it right....
4	I love that the Hillside Spot is in my neighborhood because we need more places like this, but I think they are just now working through the problems of opening a new place in a "cool-restaurant" starved area.  My first visit was a little weird.  It was crowded and there was no clear understanding of how it worked (no table service at breakfast).  We had just hiked S. Mtn and it was pouring rain.  The line was out the door.  People were pissy and rushed - even the diners.  The room was cold, but you could tell the open architecture would awesome if it wasn't so loud, cold and frantic that morning.  Normally I don't mind the loud, fast more urban breakfast atmosphere but people were fighting over tables and the food deliverers were hard to track down.  Anyway, my farmer's omlette was grossly greasy (egg whites with awesome local veggies lying in a puddle of oil) and the toast wasn't really toast but rather a grease-smeared thin slice of bread thrown on the grill.  I heard from people next to us that I should have had the pancakes or even the bacon & egg scone.   Next time...I decided to give them another chance the next week when I took a group of friends there for dinner.  WE LOVED IT.  The pace was slower.  Our waiter was helpful and sweet.  We were in high spirits with our glasses of wine and girl talk.  The hamburgers, french fries, rotisserie chicken, salads were all fantastic.  I will definately go again.  I'm already craving the hamburger and that's really not my style.  Must be good.
4	I've been here for breakfast three times now, and each time was a better experience.  They have a better way of getting food to you now, using a number that is on a stand to set on your table so the server can easily see which food goes where.  I appreciate that they try to use locally-grown food.  It's the perfect place for breakfast before or after a stop at the farmers' market on Sundays, although many others seem to think so, too.  Saturdays are much less crowded for breakfast/lunch.  I like the sandwich with the egg whites, avocado and aioil sauce.  It is deceptively filling, and I can never finish it, but that's okay because they give you biodegradable to-go boxes.I would just ask them to keep their coffee mugs a little more clean.  Too many brown stains on the insides.
4	Breakfast, lunch and hoping to have dinner there soon too. Lunch menu nails it, something for everyone! They were out of the pork so I had the Croque Monsiuer (sp?) it was awesome!  I suggest having it for breakfast with the egg. Their baked goods are delicious! Go for the cookies if their available. Negatives: only that their skimpy on the toast and Huevos Rancheros doesn't cut it. Where are the beans or meat?Positives: great addition to Tukee!  The prices are great and that's because they don't have to pay a wait staff, so as long as you know this going in.....your good!
4	I lived in walking distance of this place for two years and it sat empty. I finally move and a great place opens up...WTH? I am very happy that Ahwatukee is finally getting a few places that are up to my urban girl standards (Hillside Spot and Pomegranate). I was waiting like a kid on Christmas day for this place to open. One Sunday while at the Farmers Market I passed by and it was jammed packed. Not what I was looking for on a quite Sunday morning. I stopped by again during the week and they were closed. Talk about disappointed. I did snag a menu and it looked rather promising.A few weeks go by and I stop in for lunch. The place is crowded but not crazy crowded. I go up to the counter and order and they give you a little number for your table or they call your name, I can't remember. I grabbed my drink at the self service area. I got a great ice tea. This is coming from a complete tea snob. I waited a few minutes and out came my tuna sandwich. To my surprise the bread was toasted. OK so I am about to go on a bit of a tangent here...TEXTURE, TEXTURE, TEXTURE. I hate tuna sandwiches on soft bread. It feels like a pile of mush in your mouth. Totally yucky in my book. But this sandwich was on toast...YEAH someone got the texture memo. However, the tuna was bland, with a bit more seasoning this could be an awesome sammie.My next encounter was a few days ago. Just finished hiking South Mtn and decided to stop in with a friend. We were not starving but wanted a little something. I was told for dinner they have table service. OK I am standing at the register like it is lunch time. Maybe they should have a sign up for that. No biggie. The dinner menu was very small. I found myself looking at the lunch menu wishing some of the selections were available for dinner. We decide to split the Derby Salad and french fries. We wait what seems like forever and our fries come out by a runner. She says the salad would be out shortly. Well the salad took forever and a day. We were almost finished with the fries by the time the salad came out. The kitchen is open so I could hear the cooks having some issues with my salad. It appeared that one of the ingredients was missing (bacon) but they located some and fried it up. It was a nice touch to the salad. But as long as I waited I could have done without it. The fries were fresh cut and just the right amount of seasoning. On my way out I spotted the biggest slice of red velvet cake in the cooler. OMG a little bit of the South started to come out. If you lived in the South you know what I mean. Red velvet cake is one of my favorites. I asked about the price and it was a very inexpensive $4.50. Wow what a steal. But today is not cheat day so I have to wait. The staff is very friendly and the atmosphere is cool.  However, a bit dark inside at night. This place has great potential. A definite need for this neighborhood. I think the menu might have to get tweaked and maybe the kitchen staff could be better prepared. As time goes on I am sure they will work out the kinks. All in all I don't think you would be disappointed.
3	The valley could use more locally owned places such as this, a relaxing joint to have a bite and no need to feel like in a rush.  I definitely give credit to our table runner... just as I asked where the knife and fork was, he immediately said he'd get it and other staff were unobstrusive about removing our plates later.  Since it's not restaurant style and leave a tip on the table, I think the higher prices are justifiable for their great service and pay their salary. As for the food, it's ok.. nothing mindblowing.. the bread (MJ's?!) under the croque monsieur was excellent but the rest was meh.. ended up scraping off the bechamel and eating the bread alone.  Tunia fish is fresh and tasty, generous helping.  It's really the combo of the  atmosphere and friendly vibe that would have me come back if I'm in the Ahwahtukee area.
4	Went back to the Hillside Spot today (on my lunch hour during traffic school).  I was going to have the pork sandwich, but they were out of the pork.  Luckily, they have a few extra sandwiches on the paper menu , that are not yet on the chalkboard, and I was very excited to try the BLT, with the option for a fried egg at no extra charge!  Wahoo!  I love BELT's!!  The bacon was cooked perfectly (IMO) with a bit of a crunch, but not too much.  The bread was lightly toasted, just the way I like it, and of course I had to add mustard (a lot) because of my slight mustard obsession.  I do like my yolk a little runnier, but I didn't specify so I don't expect them to know that.  Overall, so so so so so good!!i sat at the bar today because I was by myself.  Enjoyed my iced tea so much, I asked for a to-go cup so I could take some with me.  Also on the way out I decided to grab a sweet treat for later since I was going to be stuck watching traffic videos in a stuffy conference room.  I purchased a chocolate chip cooked for $1.50 and headed back to class.  On our first break after lunch, I broke off a pieces of the cookie and all I could thin was HO-LY JEANS!!  This was delicious.  I have, for a long time, claimed that Paradise Bakery had the perfect chocolate chip cookie.  However, after tasting the one at Hillside, it doesn't even seem fair to compare the two cookies.  The Hillside cookie was about twice as tall as the Paradise cookie, with twice as many chips and a much lighter, almost cakey-er texture inside, with a decent crunch on the outside.Still a winner, I'm so glad Hillside is close to home.  Can't wait to go back.  Still have to try breakfast!
5	Love this place!  Friendly staff, great coffee, and the best pancakes in town!  The Hit-the-Spot pancakes are a must try!  Fun place for evening coffee and dessert too.  Try later in the evening, and you might get free dessert as they clean out the case for the next day!
3	I'm not feeling the love here. Went to Hillside on the recommendation of a friend that lives nearby and loves the place. I would love it more if it was my local caf. We went on a Sunday morning, knew there would be a crowd but the wait in line wasn't long and we had a table right off.  The entire line stopped while the order taker bagged up the to go portion of my order, my friends pie to go ordered at the same time took over an hour to get to the table. What was that? the food is good the portions large. They can't afford to get a number system for the tables? A wait person stood behind the drinks station/bar bellowing my name. not even stepping around. I had to stand up and holler  because I COULD NOT FIND THE PERSON WHO HAD MY FOOD. The food was nice but living in the east valley I wouldn't drive cross town to eat here again.
5	I love going here for breakfast & lunch!
4	Well, it looks like word really got around about the Hillside Spot! The first few times I was here, I couldn't tell if they were open or not until I opened the door. The last few times I was here, I could barely get a seat. That being said, it's so wonderful to have another locally-owned establishment in the neighborhood. Over the past few months, they've added a nice patio, though hopefully they'll find some umbrellas or it won't be any good in a few weeks! In addition to the restaurant, there's a small market area of candy/gourmet foods/cookware and some books/toys. The kitchen is wide open and it's interesting to watch the hustle and bustle while waiting in line.I've only been here for breakfast and coffee so far. If it's busy, i've decided my plan is to pick up a coffee and a Cheddar Bacon scone.. wow, my mouth waters just thinking about these. They are just the right ratio of cheddar and bacon while still being buttery and crumbly. The two egg breakfast is good but not outstanding. I felt like some potatoes or fruit would really add to the meal. On my most recent visit I had the Croque Monsieur, a combination of ham, gruyere, and bechamel over toast, with an egg on top. My meal came with a tiny serving of strawberries and blueberries. The quantity was just right and the taste delicious, although I think the bread was a little over-toasted. (I had trouble cutting into it with the knife provided.) I plan on coming back for lunch or maybe dinner soon, and hopefully it won't be as busy. I'm happy to see they are doing well given how the economy has changed, but I don't enjoy fighting crowds for a meal. Fortunately, the delicious food and use of local ingredients well outweighs that issue.
4	Portions could be bigger and coffee is expensive. Pluses are that the pancakes my dad had are comparable to Matt's Big Breakfast and you don't have to wait for 2 hours for them. The outside seating is adorable and the homestyle fries are good. My mom hit the nail on the head though with this sandwhichy eggy thing with avocado. The bread and everything else about it was delic. I am excited for them to refine their menu a little bit and then this will become an Ahwatukee gem! We need more of them!!!!
4	I love breakfast so I was happy to hear about this place. Last Sunday the boyfriend and I ventured over there after a hike at South Mountain.The place is popular. Even though it was afternoon it was still busy. And even though it was lunchtime they were still serving breakfast - yay!I ordered the pancakes with apple compote and bacon and boyfriend ordered a cheeseburger and fries.The pancakes were huge. Two plate sizes cakes with cinnamon-y apples on top. The bacon was 4 strips and although they were thin they were good. The pancakes had a nice fluffy texture and a good flavor. The apples were just okay. They didn't detract from the cakes they just didn't really add anything either. I might go with the strawberries next time. Boyfriend said his burger was good, not amazing but tasty. He said it was a little bland. But the fries were really good.The atmosphere is a relaxed sophistication. It's a big airy space and the have lots of outdoor seating as well. I will find my way back to Hillside Spot again I'm sure.
4	I was very excited to see that this place is now offering dinner. My husband and I ate there the other night and it was fantastic. He had a steak and I had a grilled halibut which was their special for the night. We both really enjoyed our food. The asparagus sauce on the fish was amazing. They have a really great wine list by the glass and a good selection of local micro-brews as well. I love sitting out on the patio although the night we had dinner there were a lot of flies. Service here is always great even when they are busy.  Breakfast can get a little crazy but at dinner time it was very chill and relaxing.
1	Stopped by on a Sunday after shopping at the Farmer's Market for a little breakfast.  We ordered pancakes and the Juevos Rancheros.  The food was amazing.What wasn't amazing is how loud it was.  From the barrista screeching out names, to the music, to the kitchen crew yelling to each other, to the other patrons it was way too much.  I couldn't even hear the people at my own table.  So, as much as we loved the food, we will never go there again.  I like to leave restaurants without a headache.
4	A classic case of Jekyl & Hyde...the food is great, i've ordered several items off the menu and each one was great.  Ambience is great as well.  Front of the house team is less than stellar.  Wait time at the cash machine is way too long, communication (like get your coffee here, get your water/iced tea there...) was weak, and method of delivering food also chaotic.  i think some strong management would go a long way with that place and i hope it does.  Too many entities have failed in that location and i don't want this to be one.
3	We came across this place one morning as we needed some coffee to start our day.  I was pleasantly surprised that it was a  restaurant as well.  They were preparing the bbq pork for lunch and boy did that smell good!  We decided that this is a place we must visit again when we had more time.So the following weekend, we return and order pancakes with fruit compote (apples) an spinach omelette and coffee. We received our omelette right away, but had to wait at least 30 minutes for syrup because they ran out.  Because we had to wait so long, they brought us a fresh order of pancakes once they got more syrup.  Hmmmm...I don't know about you but if you serve pancakes, shouldn't you always have syrup??  Oh well it was still delicious.But that did not keep us away as they gave us a card for 2 free breakast or lunch for the inconvenience so we returned.  We went back for lunch this time and we both ordered the pork sandwiches....OH YUMMY! Mmmmm-Good! I must return for another one of those!Did I mention the coffee is delicious?!  I would give at least four stars for this rating, but we were wanting pancakes with our omelette and running out of syrup is just not cool.
4	So we have tried breakfast and it is delicious! Except the bacon, it had a weird flavor to it, like old oil? I love bacon but didn't  finished mine. I agree with most that the food is very good but the set up needs improvement. I'm very happy for them as the place is really popular, but can't understand why they haven't worked out the issues I and most people have mentioned on our reviews.Also, being a family friendly/neighborhood place I was surprised they didn't had a changing table in the bathrooms. It's not that there's no space. At least in the women bathrooms there's plenty. I've been there for lunch and breakfast several times and there's always many families with babies and toddlers. *3.7 stars*
2	You'd think, wouldn't you, that with a name like Hillside Spot this restaurant in Ahwatukee would be nestled in a pastoral setting with lovely views? Not so, it's in a typical strip mall off Warner Rd. and unfortunately its patio faces directly on the street, making it hard to carry on a conversation, even on a Sunday. The patio, without misters, is uninviting, with a very odd mixture of seat cushions for the wrought iron furniture. It was even more off-putting because most of the tables were loaded with dirty dishes. There was one hard working busboy who couldn't keep up with the mess. It wasn't much better indoors - messy and noisy (the noise of the cars being replaced by very loud music).     You place your order at the counter. Breakfast is served daily from 6:30 AM to4 PM. There are pancakes, plain or with apple compote ($6) or with bananas, caramel, creme fraiche and peanuts ($7).  Eggs, scrambled or fried, come with MJ toast and a choice of bacon, ham, sausage, or chorizo ($6).  Various egg sandwiches and omelets range from $6 to $8. But we had come for lunch. The selection was small, and not particularly inspiring. Tuna or chicken salad sandwiches ($7), turkey ($6), a BLT to which you could add a fried egg at no extra charge ($7) and a croque monsieur ($7.50).Surprisingly, none of these came with a side. The cheeseburger ($8.50) came with fries.     I ordered the rotisserie half chicken ($10) which was served with fries and seasonal local vegetables. Of course, I requested crispy fries. Ken opted for the Derby Salad, with various greens, egg, avocado, bacon, and blue cheese, served with house made buttermilk dressing ($8). We waited quite a while, when finally a server, shouting our name and number, delivered our food. The salad was good size, with loads of blue cheese chunks of good quality (rather than the generic crumbles served at many places), and large pieces of bacon. The greens were fresh and the avocado looked freshly cubed. It's a shame that the buttermilk dressing was tasteless, and the quantity skimpy. My chicken was nicely cooked, with crisp skin - much crispier, in fact, than my fries which were dark brown, but limp. The vegetables were a mix of roasted cauliflowerets, corn, and red peppers which I enjoyed.  We took home a brownie and a slice of chocolate cake. Both were excellent.     All in all, although our food was generally good, I had expected more. More ambience, a nicer setting, a more interesting menu. One of the owners of Hillside Spot also owns Gallo Blanco, a Southwestern/Mexican restaurant (our favorite) in the Clarendon Hotel in downtown Phoenix,. That menu, while small, is full of interesting, flavorful food. The place is clean, the decor "bus station" funky. It is, however, LOUD, especially when the Flamenco dancers are in attendance. Unfortunately, the limp fries are there too. So, while we will continue to eat at Gallo Blanco, Hillside Spot is off limits for us.
4	I love summer.  Not because we become nocturnal and have to hibernate during the day.  I love summer because I get to drink iced coffee.  Up until a few months ago, all I knew was that I loved iced coffee, didn't really think about who had the best . . . until I had Hillside's iced coffee!!!How do they do it?  How can it be so delicious?  I never noticed being impressed at other places and now nothing seems to compare to Hillside's.  I have been back three times just for the iced coffee and to see if it was a one time thing, but it was not.  Each time the iced coffee (with just a hint of milk, no sugar) has blown me away!And the cherry on top?  Cheddar Bacon scones!  Yep, I said it!  I have never really been interested in scones before and have always claimed to have more of a savory tooth than a sweet tooth.  Blueberry, cherry, eh.  When it came to take it or leave it, I always left it.  Today, I had to take it!  This morning, I saw the delicious Cheddar Bacon scones in the case and had to have one.  I was not disappointed.  Light and fluffy, chunks of bacon, yet each bite was nicely balanced and not over powered by either cheddar or bacon.Oh Hillside Spot, I heart you!Update 8/2:  I finally have an answer to my question "How do they do it?  How can it be so delicious?"  The answer is they get their coffee from the Cartel Coffee Lab.  Who knew!?  We do . . . now.  Check it out.http://www.yelp.com/biz/cartel-coffee-lab-phoenix#hrid:w6hrU_1NGdkAGEM2B_ot1w
2	I want to like this place, but I've been twice and won't go back.  Both times I have had to wait close to 30 minutes for my food.  And the food, while decent, wasn't worth a 30 minutes wait.  Plus, the cost of the food ($8+ for a sandwich) is pretty high considering that it comes with nothing on the side (no pickle, no chips, no fruti, nothing).  It's just not worth the money or the time for me to go back there.
1	Such a pretty restaurant with such badly prepared food.My pulled porked sandwich had VERY little pork (2 chunks, not pulled), hard as a rock, flavorless. The coleslaw was also flavorless and did not taste fresh. They served me my food after 1 min of ordering... so i know they didnt make it fresh. It tasted like pure bread with a hint of "other-stuff" in there. its a shame too, cause i love pulled pork sandwiches. The side salad was just lettuce..... not really a salad at all.For an $8.50 sandwich, you can afford to put well-cooked pork and freshly made coleslaw with an actual salad. Cheapos.Get your act together Hillside! Your lunch was a dissapointment.
3	5/27/10After reading a couple of reviews on Hillside Spot, I decided to check it out myself.  Besides noticing that the line was still long, despite it being around 1030-1045 on a Thursday morning, I also noticed that this place gets NOISY!  I didn't care if it was full-on sun outdoors and already hot, I could not, and would not, bear the noise indoors :(, and apparently a few customers had the same idea, bec. the only available tables out there were lacking umbrellas.  [I'd give 4 or more stars if it wasn't so loud!!]  Don't fret, though, as I found one of the staff was willing to set up a table w/ an umbrella- all you have to do is ask!I already checked the menu online for ideas, so I already knew what I might want to try.  Bec. of the crowd and the noise that greeted me on this first visit, which jarred me and had me scrambling for some space, I wasn't able to check out the display cases and counterspace w/ their array of pastries- cupcakes, apple pie by-the-slice, cookies, tarts, muffins, and scones, which vary daily.  Do check them out!  (The apple pie is so so good!)  The daily special sounded good, but I decided I'd try the Croque Madame (a Croque monsieur topped w/ a fried egg) and the Pancakes w/ Apple Compote.  Ordering is at the counter where you pay and take a card to mark your table w/.  It takes awhile for your food to be prepared, so keep this in mind when you do decide to visit.  I'd say this would be a good time to check out the pastries, but depending on how busy HS gets, you may want to place all of your order selections in the beginning and get it over w/.The croque madame is simply outstanding!  Well, except for the burnt bits.  The French bread (from MJ Bread, I believe) was just perfect, topped w/ a fantastic bechamel sauce, sliced ham, melty gruyere cheese, and a fried egg!  This is definitely an item I would order again and again!The pancakes were good (loved the batter mix!), but "apple compote," this wasn't!  OK, I admit, the compotes I've had thus far were fruit reductions that were thick and sweetened from the natural juices, as well as added sugar, so perhaps Hillside Spot's "apple compote" technically qualifies as a compote (as defined by dictionary.com- "fruit stewed or cooked in a syrup"), but I found the topping as neither sweet nor stewed enough (the chopped apples still had a lot of crunch in them!).  Thankfully, I had my bottle of pure maple syrup in my purse to sweeten the pancakes!  :)7/24/10I visited HS for a second time in early June and tried the berry pancakes w/ homemade whipped cream.  These were delightful!  I almost ate the whole thing, and had I not tried the apple pie, I definitely would've polished them off.  The added bananas (perfectly ripened) took this dish over-the-top!
3	Hillside, you urban hipster you, what are you doing in all-white- tookee with its' 5 series BMWs and Eddie Bauer car seats..you my friend are raking in the in crowd. I hit up Hillside on a Sunday and had a brunch lunch moment. I had the croque monsieur and it was meh. The sauce had very little taste and was indistiguishable from the cheese. My husband had an outstanding Reuben, the pastrami was delish and the bread for both of us was great. We had iced tea - standard..The wait staff was rather unremarkable. The open kitchen is relatively interesting..nothing too complicated happens so its' a little like watching Subway but hey its' urban hipsters making your sandwich.
3	Stopped in this morning with my son and Granddaughter after a trip to the farmers market. This is a great location for this, being they are in the same mall. Son and I had the huevos rancheros, nothing great here,  super tuff tortilla under some really over hard eggs, I like them done but not that done with salsa and a sprinkle of Mexican cheese, they should take a hint from the huevos at Gallo Blanca and throw some beans under that tortilla to soften it up a bit, also some nice melted cheese. came with potato's that were good. ordered the kids meal pancake and that pancake was so good I will be getting them next time. Iced coffee was good. really noisy and kinda hectic in here but over all a good spot to stop in for a bite.
2	I want to love this place!  I hate giving two stars.  Lets start with the pros...Good coffeeGreat sconesThey've done a good job on the environmentStaff is friendlyon to the cons...the review below describes a lunch take out orderServing staff does not have a snap to it attitude, little to relaxed, stood at counter waiting to order take out for about 5 minutes prior to cashier who waled past me three times even acknowledged me.Food was mediocre pushing bad.  Ordered the croque monsieur.  How do you screw this one up?  Let me tell you how, the bread was good, sliced too think, and burned around the crust.  The bechamel sauce must have been put on with a fire hose, way to think.  Too top it off the cheese layered on top, was also burned, not lightly golden, black burned.  This sandwich was severally out of balance and tasted poorly.The chicken was OK.  It had a nice smoky grill flavor.  It was moist.  Here's the rub, the skin was burned,  I like a nice char as much as anyone, however the skin was burned.  The asparagus was very good, had a nice grilled flavor.  The french fries were not good, floppy and not nearly crisp enough.My overall impression is this place has potential.  Good ambiance, good menu.  Winning comes down to execution and so far i give that a poor rating.Sorry guys, I do believe in second chances so I will try again.
2	I love small business... so I'm always disappointed when I can't give a rave review. We went to Hillside Spot after a race (running) so we were starved. I went to the counter and ordered an OJ and pancakes. They took our order quickly and gave us a number for the table. It took about 15 minutes, but they brought us the plates of food... but no drinks. The employee said "it's by the register." So, I went back inside, grabbed an OJ out of the cooler (wish the person taking our order would have mentioned that) and went back outside. As I sat down to eat my pancakes (again, I was starving), I noticed that there was no silverware. So, I went back inside and noticed it was on a separate table behind the cash registers.... again, I wish they would have mentioned that it wouldn't come out with the food. THEN, there was no syrup with the pancakes. So, I went back inside AGAIN and had to wait for someone to pour me syrup into a cup and they even got the syrup all over the outside of the cup, which I had to carry back outside. Finally, I was able to sit down and eat. The pancakes were good, but nothing to get super excited about. They definitely filled the void- just glad they weren't cold after I had to run back inside 3 times to get everything I needed. Not impressed with the employees- they didn't do a single thing to go out of their way to make this an exceptional experience. If they would have told me about the OJ at the register and checked if we needed anything else when dropping off the food, I surely would have given this a better review. Hopefully they'll do better for future guests.
2	Ok.. maybe it's me.  Maybe I just bring bad luck and trouble with me when I go here....I don't know...it's so confusing..  I keep going back every month or so because I really want to like the place and make it part of my routine.. it's in my 'tukee neighborhood, the food is really good when it's done right and it's an interesting building and setup.  I repeat, I want to like this place.  A lot.  So I took my brother from San Diego who's in town there for breakfast this morning around 9:15AM or so.  Knew we were in trouble with a line to the door  and only one cash register working at the counter.  It took about 15 minutes to get to the counter and there were another 20 people behind us.  (Popularity and poor customer service practices are not giving this place sufficient time and space to clean up their act.)We ordered, got our number and he sat and I went to the coffee counter to get my Americano.  While waiting on my Americano at the counter I ask the young man 'what's up with this line and a 15 minutes wait to order?'  His response was 'it's because we're so popular everyone wants to eat here'.Say what? So that justifies a 15+ minute standing wait to order?  I suggested he go  to US Egg in Tempe to really see how a popular and very successful breakfast lunch place delivers excellent customer service.  He made some snide aside to his counter mate, I got my Americano and sat down.  To wait. Dread set in once again.Bro and I waited 15-18 minutes for our food.  They were out of tableware when I got up to go get some so someone brought us some from the back, including a nice plastic fork. Classy eh.  Breakfast was good.  Oatmeal, eggs, toast.. A couple of proteins with this eggs for Bro.. All done well.  They do get their food right most of the time here.  It's the service level that since day one has been and still can be very iffy.  I get they had one out of two counter cash registers broken.. And that's not my problem as a customer.  What's their back up plan?  Or it is to make people just stand and wait?  We ate, talked.. and waved at flies.  This place has more flies in it than any restaurant I've ever eaten at in this country.  I saw several folks at tables next to us also doing the Hillspot fly wave. It's been that way since opening. I still don't know why.  The really need to get on top of this.  Now.  Flies. Food. Bad.My bro, instead of leaving as a raving fan of the place, left, like me, shaking his head.This place really really needs a customer service excellence intervention.  And soon.
4	I was bracing myself to be grumpy about eating at Hillside Spot after reading the other not-so-stellar reviews. It has a lot of potential, for sure--potential to be great, but also potential to make people grumpy.The bottom line is that the food is really good, at least at breakfast. However, they definitely have a "system" that can be unfamiliar or even unnerving to people. You place your order with a counter person (the one we had was neither personable nor rude... she just kind of existed) and they hand you a number. You have to get your own drinks, your own tableware, and so on. They don't necessarily tell you this. I had to bumble around like an idiot looking for everything because it was my first time.The food was great. It was nice and fresh, cooked to order, and prompt. I recommend the Egg Torta or the Croque Monsieur. The Apple Compote seemed a bit rich for one person. Great coffee and... ta-da... great tea. Lots of places get tea wrong.Read the other reviews (like Amy S's)  before you go and make sure their "thing" is your thing. If you have doubts about this service model or prefer full service, you probably won't be satisfied.
4	I went here for dinner. YES! Dinner! And I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by the overabundance of  delightful quaintness.I've been here before, once, for breakfast and I was left with a general "meh" impression, too. But at 8:20pm on a weekend night I was indecisive and decided to try this place out with their dinner menu.I ordered some Four Peaks beer (which I'm really happy this place does all local stuff) and a Suki Rice Bowl. Delicious! I loved it! Then ordered a latte that was served beautifully. Then decided to do some cake. BAM! Awesome.And the atmosphere was great. Low candle light, doors open to let the beautiful night air in, friendly and helpful staff. Maybe I just hit gold that night, or maybe I was drunk, but it was a lovely place for dinner and to hang out with my husband, who also really enjoyed his meal. All the other people that were there seemed to be enjoying the vibe and just happy to hang out.I don't know that I will go back for breakfast, but I'm certainly going to head back there sometime for dinner.
4	I came here for lunch - but was stoked to find out that they offer breakfast till 4pm! The rest of my party got sandwiches and burgers but I got the Farmer omelet. It was egg whites only, with spinach, mushrooms, red bell peppers, and zuchinni. It was AWESOME! I also got their latte so I could gauge the quality of their coffee. It was really good too! Kudos, they also have soy! I can't wait to go here again, so take the following with a grain of salt. The downers? Well, there are SO many flies inside! I think they can open up their windows when it's nice out in the mornings, so that's probably where they all come from, but it's kind of obnoxious. Also, sometimes their service can be a little disconnected, however today I had two really good interactions with the staff. Next time I'm going to try some of their salads or more breakfast items. A suggestion to the management? Turkey burgers! The beef burger looks SO good, but some of us don't eat beef. Looking forward to it!
4	First off, the environment is really chill and laid back, it has this industrial modern feel to it. I love the lighting, lots of light and they have a nice outdoor area with a fireplace to boot! Now the coffee...their chai lattes are freakin awesome and my boyfriend had regular coffee which he enjoyed as well. Moving on to the food, I had the farmers omelet and it was amazingly delicious for a vegetarian omelet. My boyfriend had this breakfast sandwich, can't think of the name off the top of my head, something "gallo" but he thought it was amazing and it looked amazing as well. It's a little pricey but the food is well prepared, very healthy and good portions (not too much, not too little). I love how they support local products and they serve microbrews!! The downside?? THE FLIES! Like someone mentioned below I was doing the hillside wave to swat the flies! My boyfriend and I rolled up the newspaper we were reading to kill a really annoying fly! There were several flies, I don't know if it was because we were sitting by the window, but they were annoying!Overall I would go back because I love the atmosphere, the food is delicious and healthy, and the coffee is yummy!
3	like a lot of other yelpers and my most recent dining companion, i really want to like this place. really, i do. they're doing something right! sourcing locally, using organic, whole ingredients...but more often than not they just don't click.i've eaten here about five times now. twice for dinner, a couple of breakfasts and once for lunch. breakfast seems to be a slam dunk. it's pretty basic though chaotic on weekend mornings. pancakes are scrumptions. but it's true, there are an ungodly amount of flies in the place! lunch was ok. but on my most recent dinner trip, what i had was just blah. i ordered the chopped salad which could be so fantastic. hearty, leafy greens, cabbage, yulu seeds and other things make it sound like a healthy dish. but when it came out covered in a thick, creamy, tasteless ranch-style dressing, it was anything but. i could have overlooked the healthy factor if it tasted good, but the dressing was so bland there was just nothing to like about it.i'll probably keep coming back here because, like i said, i desperately want to like it. though it will likely be only for breakfast.
4	Had breakfast here recently with my hubby and any place related to LGO we are fans of.  The pancakes were gigantic and appley-super yummy.I'd love to go again soon to try something new but I have a feeling Liberty Market would be my first breakfast choice!
4	Really wonderful - for breakfast, lunch and dinner!  Love the outdoor fireplace, the vibe, how they source local foods, how Everything is made on premises but... often WAY too loud and yes... the flies.
5	Hillside definitely hits the Spot! There aren't too many great options for breakfast/lunch near my office at South Mountain, so I was thrilled to find that I really enjoy this place. I've gotten sandwiches to-go every time I've been here. I wish I've had the opportunity to sit down and eat here. Hillside is pretty sparse in terms of decor, but the restaurant has a very clean feel, and I love the open kitchen. There's always whole rotisserie chicken spinning over their grill. I've also seen whole tomatoes on the grill which gives the place a nice inviting smell throughout the restaurant. They offer counter-service, and everyone who's ever helped me has been friendly. I've been offered coffee while I wait as well. My favorite sandwich is "el gallo" torta. In between the soft bread is avocado, chorizo mixed into the scrambled egg, tomato, and a bit of mayo. It is seriously what gets me out of bed some mornings. I also love that they use local ingredients and partner with local vendors. Their menu is also reasonably priced. If it wasn't for the long drive back home, I'd like to give this happy hour a shot. They've got a pretty interesting wine selection I'd like to try, but I'm not sure how well that would go with my breakfast sandwich, or boss.
5	This is my favorite breakfast & lunch place in Ahwatukee. The food is excellent. The service is friendly and they do what they do perfectly. This isn't a place to go for elegant sit down service. It's the perfect blend of self-service meets top restaurant quality food. Have the Croque Monsieur--or add an egg to make it a Croque Madame. You will not be disappointed. The bread and the baked goods are so good you could make a substantial meal off them alone.Finally, this is a small local business that truly cares about its community. They have shown up at two community fund raising events with huge boxes of warm, freshly baked cookies to donate. I'm grateful to have a place of this caliber in my neighborhood.
4	Great cafe with friendly service. We enjoyed the "el gallo" torta. & almond coffee cake on the perfect shaded patio.  My wife and I really enjoyed the relaxing atmosphere and great eats.  Can't wait to try the Spot for dinner!
4	Ate there last evening with the kiddos.  It was early (4 PM) and the place was nearly empty.My daughter ordered the Derby salad with added grilled chicken.  She liked it, but it had too much Blue Cheese for her tastes.  The Blue Cheese was in really large chunks, and very tasty.  If you like Blue cheese, you will enjoy this salad.The boy and I shared a cheeseburger and fries.  The burger was VERY good.  Puts it in the Top 7 or 8 burgers I've had in Phoenix.  Hard to say what was great about it - it just had a good charbroiled taste (nothing like Burger King's "fake" charbroil taste) and the ingredients melded well together.  The bun was also outstanding - toasted and crunchy on the burger side and freshly soft on the outside.  The fries were "so-so."We also shared the Guacamole and chips.  This was a weak point.  The chips were bland, and the Guaca was too chunky for dipping - you basically had to use a utensil and scoop the Guaca onto the chip to eat it.  The Guaca had I think little chunks of mandarin orange in there, which did nothing for the overall taste.  My son spit out his first bite and did not try it again.  A nice experiment, but I don't think a good one.The kids drank Mexican bottled Coke, always a big fave.All in all, we hit home runs on two of the three items, so that's a good percentage.
4	We went for breakfast.  The hubby had the pancakes as recommended- I must say D-lish! even without any butter or toppings.  I try to stay away from carbs, but I had to keep sneaking bites from the Mr's plate. They have a cool patio to eat outside- the weather was perfect!
2	Nice discovery in Ahwatukee. Been there a few times for breakfast and lunch. First the good stuff. The place has ample indoor and outdoor seating. The counter staff is nice and able to give nice suggestions. The food meets expectations but isn't special. Don't go here for a business meeting. No matter the time of day, the music is loud, too loud really to have a normal conversation. When getting my cup for coffee I had to ask for a clean cup, mine was covered in lip stick. We also had to move outside after being bothered by a handful of pesky flies buzzing about in the restaurant. Not sure if I'll go back.
4	I started going there just because it's nearby, but now it's become a bit of a destination for me.  I find the atmosphere is just right, and this time of year (early Fall) they keep the rollup doors open allowing interior to flow into the patio area--though flies can get annoying. They also have good WiFi with power outlets thoughtfully provided all around the long bench area. It's a good place to camp out with a laptop and work or browse for a bit, which is frequently what draws me there. Upon entering I always get a whiff of something delicious. This varies through the day. In the morning it's bacon. Lunchtime smells like bbq. Dinner can smell like chorizo.  The kitchen in an open area where you can see -- and smell -- everything as it happens.The sandwiches are larger than most people's heads and ingredients are very good. I enjoy the cold turkey sandwich on wholegrain with the guacamole.The chilaquiles aren't really chilaquiles. They aren't the ones I remember from student days in Mexico. They're more like tostadas.  Taste good enough, but a bit disappointing.Service is always good. The music can be a bit loud, but the selections are appropriate for the kind of place.All in all, one of my favorite places in the area morning, noon and night.
1	I am so disappointed. The Ahwatukee area is always desperately in deed of better dining establishments, so with this new glass walled and open restaurant my hopes were high for a nice new local establishment. While the menu looks pretty good (I think breakfast might be the only saving grace here) the lighting for dinner, the service and the food were all exceedingly below par.On a positive note the wi-fi and power outlets are a great add on, but they need to fix the food and service part and then they could have a winner.
2	Went for lunch one beautiful day.  Food was pretty good, if you like your tuna sandwich with 1-inch chucks of solid tuna.  Great location.  Nice patio, if they can do something about the blackbirds and flies.  Coffee-counter was nice, but the person at the register was very impersonal, almost off-putting.  They should consider having someone else at the ordering station/cashier.  I will try for a 3rd visit, but if it does not improve, I will stick with Nello's, next door.  Good luck!
4	This place was great for breakfast.  Tried it for dinner and it was delicious.  I had the special halibut.  It was cooked perfectly and a nice piece of fish. I love the ambiance of this place and the fact that they source local products.  Thumbs up!
1	I was so looking forward to breakfast here. What a disappointment.The food is the only thing that rates any stars at all. Good ingredients cannot be completely ruined by incompetent service.The space is nice, but crowded and loud. The counter staff were indifferent. After being waved over to an open register, the fellow behind the counter took one order, then wandered off, leaving the rest of us to get back in line at the other register to order.You are given a number (or not) and left to find your own table, scrounge up your own silverware, and wait for your food to be delivered. Except that the napkins are at a completely different station than the silver, they were out of forks, and most of the tables were completely filthy. I watched a busboy randomly swipe the top of a table, sweeping crumbs onto the benches and chairs, then leave an empty drink bottle on the table before wandering listlessly off.Beverages are (apparently) serve yourself, although they didn't bother to say that when I ordered. I stood at the counter, waiting for iced tea, only to turn around and see that I was expected to get it myself.If they happen to "run out of numbers", then they input your name with your order. Nothing irritates me more than to have my name shouted across a restaurant. Better yet, the waiters wander from table to table looking for their customers.... "Lisa? Is there a Lisa here?" while your food cools. Inexcusable.The only bright point: the croque madame was tasty. Delicious bread, ham, and a perfectly fried egg. But the meager smear of bechamel and a thin slice of cheese were underwhelming. However, the "side of fruit" made me angry: a tiny metal creamer with 1 blackberry, a few slices of strawberry, and 2 chunks of  green apple. Insulting.Fast casual, order at the counter works well when tables are clean and set, and the food delivery is speedy and efficient. Unfortunately this place needs some work in order to make it worth your time.
3	3 stars for now. Had breakfast and it was ok. No better or worse than most other breakfast joints but Hillside is more than a breakfast joint. Hillside is like the Swiss Army Knife of restaurants as they seem to offer a little bit of it all.Good for small to medium size groups or individuals.  The atmosphere is the offspring of a restaurant, coffee spot, and bar after a drunken night of debauchery and no one knows who the parents are.This place is definitely worth a second or third look during different times as the atmosphere seems like it changes throughout the day.Like a mood ring, I suspect the color of Hillside will change depending on the patron.  So give Hillside a try, and see if this one size fits all fits you.
4	What a treat!  I've been meaning to check this place out for sometime now, and I am so glad that I did.The casual counter service style is nothing new to me, however, I am going to caution anyone that is in the mood for full service that you do not get that here.  Place your order, then grab your drink and set ups and find a cozy seat, and you're all set.I had the Chilaquiles Verdes and boy-oh-boy was this dish tasty. The fresh ingredients are apparent in the flavors going on, and the green chili sauce was the best I may have ever had.  Tried the coffee cake too, and it was great - just the right amount of cherry flavor.The only reason that the place didn't get five stars was the rather indifferent service rendered by the gentleman behind the counter.  When you are in a great mood and looking forward to a good meal, a stoic stone faced greeting kind of detracts from this a bit.  (sorry, just my thoughts on the matter).  That being said I will definitely be back to try the rest of the menu.
3	Great coffee, phenomenal pancakes, and the rest of their menu is delicious...but the service is lacking.
3	I will start with positives in the hope that a manager or owner who reads this will take it as true constructive feedback.  The atmosphere of this place is great.  I love that the music is a little loud sometimes, not all the times. I love the choice of music.  I love the big open feel and the amazing patio.  The concept of what is trying to happen here is great.  Local, fresh organic menu, and a simple (although never changing) menu at that. It brings character and a very urban feel in to Ahwatukee, which, for all intense and purposes completely lacks.  The Gallo Torta is phenomenal.  3 starsI have been coming here for 2-3 times a week for the last 6 months.  I've had dinner and many a breakfast here.   Almost every single time I have been here, the thought has crossed my mind, "the service is so bad here".  There is a pretty regular rotation of 4-5 people who work the counter, taking my money.  I don't think a single one of them has ever looked at me in the eye.  No one here but maybe the taller woman, who looks like an owner, looks at people, smiles and says hello?  Its the craziest thing I've ever seen.  You are in Ahwatukee! not downtown SF... I have asked on several occasions if I could deviate from the menu and create a egg scramble with the ingredients that are all already on the menu. Every time I am met with, "huh, oh.. well yeah. I guess you could." then me, "are you sure?", them " uhhh, well.... yea. I mean... i yea... I guess."  me "Ok.. I ll just have the gallo torta"."Ok."  I am a regular! and the request is simple.. sheesh! Another thing.  Your cartel coffee coffee situation is in desperate need of attention.  You have like two barista's that make espresso in two totally different ways, and both are miserable. You have all the tools to make great coffee yet you don't.  The house coffee is seemingly very watered down as well. But this is a matter of my own preference and maybe isn't relevant here.  The place is always busy and I'm sure will be financially successful for years to come.  However, as I sit here writing this inside hillside spot, I believe this will be my last visit here.  Thanks for all the wifi.
3	I would actaully like to give another half star here, but haven't figured out how to do that. It's completely worth supporting this place - if you've read my other revues, you know I am a fan of supporting local food, and this place does a good job of providing that. I gave it 3 1/2 stars because it's hit or miss. I've been when the food is great and the drinks are great and the staff is really friendly. Then I've had days when no one helps me for a really long time (but walk by and look at me) ;), and the coffee was not so great tasting or the food was a little off. But I continue to go often. Usually their coffee is yummy, their pastries are always delicious, a man who I believe was the owner was very nice, and the tunisian salad (chicken added) was mouth watering (and that's a salad!)
3	I have downgraded this place to three stars since the last couple of times I have been there I haven't gotten very good service. My husband and I went there for lunch today and had to wait for over 45 minutes for our food. My husband's meal was very overcooked and mine was not exactly what I had ordered. I was very disappointed.
2	Blech.Had the croque madame, and I agree with other people on here.  Not enough sauce!  It was so dry tasting... thought I did like the bread they used.I am also super lazy, and find the ordering at the counter thing to be confusing/irritating/ridiculous.I totally wanted to love this place, but I really didn't.  Will doubt I'll be back.
4	Ok, I went back for dinner when they have full service.I much preferred the full service waiter, as I'm super lazy.I also enjoyed the food on the dinner menu more than the breakfast stuff I had.  I shall give this place another go!
3	I am giving it an OK for the atmosphere, which I found charming and very warm feeling, which was interesting contrast considering the rudeness of the people who work here, with the exception of one guy.I ordered a turkey sandwich without mayo and they put mayo on it and when I called the girl over she actually said "ya?" in a very rude way. The french fries were soggy. The burger my friend got he said was very good but they didn't give him the bacon he ordered with it.The one guy who worked here who did have a personality gave us free beer for the mess ups on both of our orders, so that was nice.The pancakes look good and I may go back to try breakfast there. The food, in my opinion, was marginal at best and the rudeness of the wait staff was annoying.
1	Okay..so I have been to this place at least 5 times and I keep thinking that the service will get better...well..that never happened, but as dumb as I am I decided to give it another try for lunch today...FAIL...it was..plainly put...horrible!!  The food got worse than it was before and as there was not a whole lot of people there at 3pm for lunch, I was surprised by this and the fact that it took almost 35 minutes to get our food.  Five times of coming here has added up to mediocre food, cold food, and to be quite honest shitty crappy slow service!  Don't know what it is because they have a good menu and location, but maybe they need to find people to work there who take great pride in service and food quality.  My carne asada torta tasted like ten day old meat that was scraped off of the ground in the back during the morning breakfast rush!  Anyhow...five times is enough..I won't be coming back as I know that I have given it enough chances to become a regular spot of my dining experience!
1	We went back for another visit just a couple of weeks ago, hoping things had gotten better.Nope.We wanted to sit outside, near the fire.  You'd think we asked the hostess if we could sit on the roof.  Obviously, we pissed her off just by daring to come in.  Service was slow - and it wasn't even that busy!  And for the love of Pete, could you do something about your staff yelling out orders and such?  Sorry, as much as I like supporting local businesses, we won't be back.
1	the toddy was good, the food not so much. it was pricey and there were a few too many flies buzzing around for my liking.
1	Just went there for breakfast. It was a complete disaster. We waited in line for 5 minutes for the hostess to take our name and then waited 15 minutes after that to be seated. This was a little frustrating since we could see there were open tables. Once we were sat on the patio, the waitress took our drink order and didn't come back to take our food order for about 15 minutes. She seemed annoyed and indifferent.We waited FOREVER for our food. People around us were clearly as displeased as we were. The waitress never came over to refill our drinks or offer any explanation for the wait. It was almost as if she was avoiding us. We just sat and waited, getting more annoyed every minute. We watched as tables of customers sat with no food and the staff milled around, no pep in their step, no sense of urgency. They all seemed like they really could not care less about their jobs and their tips. When we finally got our food it was nothing impressive. We basically got an $8 slice of bread with some ham and cheese on it. Nothing anyone couldn't make at home. Never got a refill on our drinks. Food was edible but I wouldn't call it "good". The waitress explained, after I asked why it took so long that 3 people in the kitchen had walked out so that's why she was frustrated. SHE WAS FRUSTRATED? I couldn't believe she had the nerve to say that when she wasn't doing anything to make up for it. I would respect them if they looked like they were trying but they really weren't. There was no sign of a manager or owner. It looked like a bunch of sloppy, apathetic kids with no guidance working there. If your kitchen staff walked out that's a clear indication of a problem. It's too bad because the ambiance is cute and hip, and this area could really use a privately owned spot for breakfast, but all in all, I would say DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY on this poorly managed joint. We won't be back.
5	Had dinner on the patio with live music last night and breakfast there this morning.  I have to say many of the bad reviews really piss me off.  Good food takes time people!  If you want fast and cheap, go to  McD's across the parking lot.The food here is better than anything else in Ahwatukee.  I don't mind waiting and the servers are relaxed and friendly.  Don't change a thing!  If the people who don't like it here stop coming, more great food and atmosphere for the rest of us.
3	I have only been to Hillside Spot for dinner, so my review is just for that, and I fully recommend it. Three stars is a good rating, and that's what Hillside Spot is, consistently good.   The interior design reminds me of Liberty Market, which is a good thing, I find it inviting and friendly, it feels comfortable, though there is nothing particularly special about it.   As for the food, like the interior, it kind of reminds me of Liberty Market, which again is good. The gallo guacamole is made to order and has a nice sweetness to it and I like it topped with the cotija cheese, the croque monsieur is like a guilty pleasure, it is a rich and very tasty sandwich with beschamel sauce and a fried egg on top. My favorite dish however is the baked chicken cacciatore. Please order it. I don't even want to write about it, I'll get all flustered. Hillside also has a good beer selection.   I used "good" a lot in this review because that's the best way to explain it. I certainly think everyone should try it out, I think you'll like it, but don't expect anything grand, go expecting a good meal, and know you're supporting a local business, always a terrific thing to do.
4	This is such a cute place! I like that you order right when you enter and they bring you the food at your table or on the patio. Its simple and straight forward. I like the modern decor as well--comfy but simple. Theres plenty of light coming in--seems like a great place to lounge around after your meal, chatting or reading a book. We went for brunch and split the croque monsieur and flaco torta. I loved the torta sandwich--the chorizo was spicy and I loved the slices of avocado. The open face sandwich was good as well, but my gf kept wanting another bite of my sandwich! I had a great iced coffee drink as well. I've heard they started offering dinner and happy hour as well..if only I lived nearby!! I would hit this place up all the time!
4	An oasis of real food in the chain-restaurant wasteland of Ahwatukee/south Tempe.  The service can be slow and not all the dishes for everyone the table come out at the same time, but the food it worth it when it arrives. Fresh ingredients without fancy twists serves them well.  I recommend the grilled salmon.
4	Early breakfast-right when opened-the Croque Monsieur-good sourdough bread w/ham slice and sunnyside egg/great. The fresh squeezed OJ, with Rebecca's Early Bird Granola/loaded w/fresh fruit pieces, nuts, and cinnamon granola, finishes out a great meal.
3	I liked this place.  We went for breakfast and I had an egg and sausage dish on a roll.  Really didn't like the roll at all, but what was inside was great (didn't need all that bread anyways).  We sat outside and I really want to go back at night with the fireplace going and listen to some music.  I'll be back.
4	OMG the chilequillas are wonderful here! But if you come during evening hours wear a headlamp, it's dim. Ok, maybe romantic ambiance... Ask for Tucker as your server... He's sweet. Don't know about the desserts because they ran out the night I was there.  Give this place a try!
4	Good food and good service in a convenient location to South Mountain.  Great place for a weekend breakfast!
2	This place could be great, but needs a little improvement, especially on the weekends.  During the week, it's a terrific spot to grab a late breakfast, coffee, and even get a some work done on wi-fi.  You can order at the counter and they are pretty quick with bringing out your drinks & food.  Have ordered the granola, croque madam, oatmeal and a variety of espresso drinks, and all have been tasty.Weekends, however, are a different story.  They are usually understaffed with servers (who are hard to pick out from patrons since there is no dress code to distinguish), and waiting 30 minutes just for a table to have a simple breakfast is not cool.  They don't have counter service on the weekends so you are at the mercy of waiting to be seated, and then waiting longer for order taking & food.Been there a couple times for dinner, also very good, with the exception of getting old versions of the menu which have items they don't make anymore.  Loved their fresh halibut.It doesn't seem that there is ever a "manager" there on weekends who could make sure the place runs well.
1	At first when this place opened I loved it even though the service was awful (except for Nicole). The MJ breads and croque monsieur were fantastic. After Chris left though it has taken a dive. The service the last three times "3"! I have been there has been terrible. The people at the counter acted like we were bothering them simply by placing an order ( I am very sensitive to being respectful or them because I know working with the public is really hard). The egg/chicken dish I ordered was slimy and there were odd pieces of bone in the mystery cuts of chicken. The tortillas were burned and greasy. The glasses/coffee cups were dirty and there wasn't any cream for the coffee. Also the tables and chair were sticky. Please wipe them off! Unless someone can convince me there has been a huge improvement, I will never go back. This is very sad because it was so terrific to start with and my kids loved the patio which is so fun. It was fantastic for happy hour. They have had some great wines- especially the Klinker Brick. Very sad.
4	Its so wonderful to have a great place like this in Ahwatukee.Pancakes are the best.  I said BEST!.I really love the croque monsieur, but change it up to a madam by putting a fried egg on top.  Ask for extra bechamel sauce, they can be a little stingy with the good stuff sometimes.They serve Cartel coffee here which as any good Pheonician knows is the best in the valley if not the country.Fresh orange juice is great.I did stop by once for a burger - which was good with only one caveat - juicy burger on soft bread with no layer of mayo (as Alton Brown suggests) to keep the bun from becoming a squishy mess.  Good fries, fresh cut and fried.
4	I love this place. I feel like I am in a piece of SF or Portland, but better since it's in Ahwatukee! Super convenient after a South Mountain hike and the food and drinks are amazing! Their beer selection is good and supports local beer and their fries are hand cut. I have eaten there for brunch and lunch. I would give this five stars if the service was better. It can be spotty and very inconsistent. I would also probably vist more often if the service was good...but the food is pretty fab.
3	Cafferteria eatery price right fresher ingredient than McDonald for about $2 more. No signature dishes but cooked OK. Nothing to write home about.
3	Food is wonderful but service is not.  I looked at the other reviews and this seems to be the consensus.  NOt sure why they don't try to correct it.  Patio is really nice on cooler nights.I can't get my husband to go here anymore due to the service but the food is very good.
4	This was the first time I have ever eaten in this restaurant.  A friend brought me here and loves the place. The Service was great.  Friendly, upbeat and fun. The food was incredible.  I only had a hamburger but it was very fresh (and almost too much to eat).  The fresh veggies and carmelized onions on the burger were yummy.  I was only able to eat about 3 of my homemade fries due to how big the burger was. The atmosphere was wonderful.  Cozy, yet a combination of business folks and ladies lunching etc. All in all a great experience.  I will definate recommend in the future.
4	Gem of the Ahwatukee/Chandler area! Loved it so much the first time, I went a second time that same week! First visit I had decided to try the CHILAQUILES VERDES which had layers of corn tortillas with mesquite cooked chicken, Oaxaca cheese, spicy green salsa (not too spicy for a wimp like me) & 2 sunny-side up eggs (which I requested scrambled). IT WAS HEAVEN WITH EACH BITE! My date had and loved the PULLED PORK SANDWICH which had the special recipe braised pork, slow cooked on our mesquite fired rotisserie, served on toasted telera bread and topped with their homemade, spicy cole slaw. UN-REAL! My mouth is watering just thinking about it! It was so yummy, from the taste or two I was given. Second time we went was for breakfast. I had the "El Gallo" Torta with scrambled Eggs, chorizo, tomato & avocado and  mayo served on La Sonorense Telera bread. The chorizo was just spicy enough which I liked. The only thing that would have made the meal perfect was if the torta bread had been toasted (minor, I know). I also ordered a side of hashbrows which were seasoned to perfection and nice and crispy.A new favorite place for sure! Can't wait to go back and order the pulled pork sandwich for myself!
3	The food was good.  Nothing fancy, but certainly of quality.  They have a simple menu, we ordered a variety of items, all of which were prepared well and tasted good.We did share a pancake.   It was a memorable pancake.  Light and tasty!  I ordered ham and eggs.  Ham was less salty, which I prefer.  The 9 grain toast was delicious.My sig-o ordred the egg white vege omelet with fruit.   Fresh, good quality and the sun-dried tomatoes were "yummy."Good service. If there weren't as many flies, there'd be 4 stars.
5	Absolutely the best pancakes ever!!!  A rare gem indeed for the struggling Ahwatukee area.  Quality of their ingredients seems to be their greatest strength.  The Applewood smoked bacon was cooked to perfection.  Not greasy and I savored every bite.  Nice open feel to the dining area, with an adjoining take-out counter and outdoor dining for when our weather cools down.  The service was friendly and attentive.  My new fav breakfast spot in AZ...
2	I used to like this place but I don't think I'll be coming back. It's just not worth the price. Also asked for breakfast at 2 minutes after 4pm. Had the place been crowded I could have understood, but they were dead. Won't be back anytime soon.
5	Just had takeout from here. Amazing as always!!! Had the carne asada torta. DDelish!!!!
1	Worst food ever. Had the huevos racnhero's, disgusting. The cheese flavorless plastic, the salsa verde was soo damn salty. It was just BAD!I will never go back.Stay away. Not good at all.
4	I really like this place because they get all their ingredients from LOCAL shops/markets and farms, which is so awesome! Their food is great, unique ingredients on many of thier menu items. I had the "Flaco" Torta, which was basically egg white, avocado, spicy aioli on a sonorense telera bread from a local mexican bakery. YUMM. Best sandwich bread I think I've ever had.  Great little hipster cafe, definitely stop by here and support a local cafe and all the local businesses they work with :)
2	This morning was my second experience at Hillside Spot. Both experiences have been mediocre at best. The first trip we attempted to order the Croque Madame as it comes and veg style. To our dismay we could not get the dish veg style because it comes completely pre-made w/ ham. For a spot that seemingly tales pride in specialty, local and quality, one would think their signature item would be made fresh to order. The second visit consisted of below par juevos rancheros w/ soggy "country potatoes".Let me clarify, country potatoes are supposed to be diced potatoes usually fried or baked w/ butter or oil. These were hash browns and nothing more...Lastly, the wait staff was dull and uninviting. There didn't seem to be any communication between the staff whatsoever. The table in front of us sat in different stages of dirty for the better part of 15 minutes while every server/busser passed by, glancing each time. The space itself is lovely. Reclaimed wood, lots of sun, and calming colors. This is a place I may come back to just have an early morning coffee and work, although the coffee is nothing to write home about.Oh, and on the way out several staff directly looked at us and didn't see us off... I mean I understand if you are busy but they were far from it.
3	Ok Hillside Spot, you had this coming for awhile. I have been here at least 15 times probably because it's the only place around that is not a chain and makes somewhat healthy/gourmet type food. That being said I always leave somewhat disappointed with the hope that next time could possibly be better. I have dined here for breakfast, lunch and dinner, with and without kids. The biggest thing I notice is the service is always horrible, just always. The food comes out very very slowly. The servers look like they have much more important things to be doing besides serving and are very dull and bland in personality and enthusiasm for the place. They just don't care. Once the server forgot my coffee the whole time and since he never came back until he dropped the check, I had to get a free coffee card for next time. On that, the coffee is good, but how can you really go wrong with Cartel? Ok as for the chefs, why do they always forget stuff that should come with my food? There is no value here at all, it is very overpriced. The Tunisian salad I had was $9.58 with tax. the salad is just veggies and olives. They forgot my kale. $3, $4, and $5 more to add chx, shrimp or steak. The salad probably costs $1 to make unfortunately I feel cheated. It's not large, I am a 117 lbs girl so that is saying something if I feel the portions are too small. It was good though, I must admit but not even worth the price. The food is hit or miss. I like the grilled (elote) corn, the cheeseburger is pretty damn good, the bbq pork was good, guacamole is good. Levain and lox is amazing. croque madame is bland, vegetable torta not very good, tuna is boring, spot chop is ok....i cant remember what else I had right now.All in all, please just step up your game, make sure those chefs are getting that food made right and timely and hire some servers who maybe give a damn. Think about the value of your food, run some promotions or something. BTW, I do like Gallo Blanco a lot, but again not a very good value.
2	Hillside is doing everything right,  EXCEPT the BREAD.  I looked past it the first time.  Called it a fluke, went back tried other thing.  But this bad bread ruins a whole sandwich.  It looks like European bread, it is NOT.  Hillside needs to change bread distributors.  It could be as simple as "La Brea" or even "Fresh and Easy's" new bakery products.It is tragic because I love everything Hillside has done; the windows the open kitchen the casual environment remind me of the greatest restaurants in town; La Grande Orange, True Food and The Vig.  I would eat here weekly if only they weren't compromising on the bread.To the owners, I plead, get some gourmet breads, European style, herb breads, Sourdough, breads, Whole Grain with Nuts, even sprouted grain breads if you want to cater to the super healthy, but the croissant-looking, Roman Meal tasting bread should go.
2	This is a prime example of when people write reviews either because they have a really good experience, or because they have a really bad experience....unfortunately this is the latter of the two, and it's not just one experience, it's several.  I've like really really tried to like this place. I even have two friends who work here, but I can't, I like really can't.  The atmosphere is cute, the iced green tea is good, but thats kinda where it stops.  This might seem harsh, it takes a lot to let me down, but sorry I've pretty much ran out of sympathy.  They changed from order at the counter, to full service dining.... Not the smartest idea since the service whenever my friend wasn't work has not been the best.  I served for years, and prided myself on how nice and accomidating I was, especially to picky customers, so I get serving... I get that you're a slave.   And ya know what? I've been a customer to dining establishments for years, and I pride myself in being a nice, easygoing, and friendly customer too.   I'm not about to ask for some weird order, come in with an attitude, or tip you less than 25%.  I like not being difficult. However, if I walk in sit down and am looked at by servers, multiple ones, literally 3 different ones, who all happen to stand by the bar and chat and not bring me a menu or even say hi, because what? it's not your section? Puhleaseeeeee noobs, get your crap together.  You're all working for the same company... the same team at the end of the day,  I understand when it's busy, or when you have a brain fart, and these things happen, but it keeps happening.   Subsequently, my server, who I actually believe is one of the managers, comes by with a menu, and takes my drink, and food order.  I came in looking for a nice salad, I order the spot chop with chicken.  It came out pretty quickly, and the presentation was really nice.  I got excited.  The chicken was cooked nicely, and was hot, but the flavor wasn't on at all.  The salad itself was also a pretty big let down, and it's kind of because of one ingredient.  THE CORN NUTS...It was like a really bad Top Chef vending machine food challenge gone wrong.  You guys seem to pride to yourself on the use of local ingredients, so I'm sure you can find some farmer's market to pick up some fresh husks?  lolololololol.   Honestly I wouldn't be holding your food to such high standards, if you guys weren't pretending to do the same.  So I finish this realllllllllllyyyyy good salad right?  And my server never asks me how it is, another server actually comes by asks me if I'm finished and brings me my bill.  As I am signing off my bill, my initial server walks by and looks back and makes eye contact with me,  but does not come by to ask how it was or even tell me to have a nice day....girl, you are the best!   I still have some of my green tea left and ask the new server if I could get a togo cup for it, because the iced green tea is actually really good.   This new server, brings me a fresh green tea in a togo cup, with a smile and was really nice, thank you!  Hands down only good part of my experience.  So I'm sorry hillside spotters for giving you guys a pretty bad review, and to my friends who work here...I'm like hardcore bashing on your place of employment...but today, I think I would've been happier with a McShaker salad from McDonald's, than my 10.5 "Spot" Chop salad.   I would rather you stay as an order at the counter place, so I can have my terrible and greasy breakfast torta, and leave 2 bucks on the table, and not have to care about your service, since you don't care about mine.     Boom.
2	We started going to Hillside about 4 months ago and I have been waiting to write my review so I would have a really balanced opinion.  This place is just so up and down.  It drives me crazy but I think after last night it will be awhile before I go back.  This place is like an abusive relationship (they never treat you right but you love them!).  The food is pretty good.  I really like their pancakes, very rich and fluffy.  The croque is good.  I love the bread.  The pulled pork and carne asade are favorites and I really enjoy the house dressing.  The guacamole has an interesting taste and a fair beer and wine selection.  I also love their coffee.  That being said I have to agree with everyone else.  Their service is subpar and it is shocking because most times I go there are probably only three to four other people in the restaurant with three or four servers talking behind the counter.  They are not really accommodating with the menu.  I dare you to ask for a simple tweak without getting a huge sigh out of one of them.  I can't put my finger on it...maybe the owners or management are mean and that rolls down to the staff but they just seem really unhappy and put out about stuff.  The weekend mornings are hoppin' and it really rattles the poor boys and girls that work there (what?!?! People want breakfast?!?).  Don't get the girl who wears jean shorts and tennis shoes.  Just get up and leave if they put you in her section.  Seriously.  I like the space.  They play good music and the food is not bad but I think it bothers them when customers come in.  Oh and happy hour doesn't apply on Fridays even though their sign says "Mon. - Fri." that was the straw that broke the camels back for me. obviously they don't want people to eat here.  I'll just go to the whole foods cafe instead.  Until I forget again and give them another chance in a few months.
2	Like other reviewers below, I waited it out for awhile before reviewing Hillside Spot. My husband and I were SO happy when they went in after our beloved Coffee Plantation left that we really wanted to give them a chance...And now that we've been there separately, together, for take-out, sit-down, breakfast and lunch... I can honestly only give them 2 stars. It's horrible that I can't run over there for a salad when my kids insist on McDonald's because I know I'll wait forever and that my nearly $10 (with tax) salad won't have bacon or will be so small in its plastic to-go container so as to make me say "never again" and "I'd rather pay $5 for the Grilled Banch Ranch Salad at McD's. Ugh, I hate that I just wrote that! But at least they have my food ready right away and NEVER forget the bacon.My first experience was way back when they opened and I loved their pancakes with bananas and creme fraiche and peanuts, but the side of bacon wasn't quite cooked right (I should be able to request "fatty bacon" and not get snappy-crisp bacon, right?) but since then, every time I've had them since, it tastes like the batter wasn't mixed thoroughly and I taste the egg... if I wanted eggs, I'd order them. And I have. The farmer's veggie omelet has always been to my liking and the coffee is fine.The croque moiseur is quite good as well.But overall, I'll agree with many of the reviewers in that the quality does not quite justify the expense, especially when you consider the wait time (25 minutes for a to-go salad and there was no one ahead of me on line!) and the generally indifferent staff.I don't plan on trying them for dinner because I'm assuming I will come away with the same "meh" feeling. Sorry.
4	Excellent breakfast.  Great coffee from Cartel.  We have been here twice and have read the disappointing reviews in recent months.  I really like businesses that buy local, and I love the MJ bread that is served.  I was disappointed that there was not a vegetarian option for the Croque Monsieur, but I asked for my eggs over medium with gruyere cheese and they were perfect!  That is not easy to cook.  My companion asked for a substitution of ham in his omelet, and it came out very nice.  They also added some fresh avocado with my vegetarian request.As far as the wait staff, we found them to be just fine.  In our first visit I had to send back my plate, and there was no attitude in returning my plate.  Each time our plates came out fast.  The only thing I might comment on is that there was no check back after we received our food this time.  I use to wait tables and that is standard to check back as soon as the food goes out.  When I gestured to my coffee cup at the waiter from across the room he promptly came to fill it up, so I did not find the rude attitude that people wrote of.  Honestly, this place may have been a victim of it's own success and it may have misstepped with some of it's old customer base, but they seem to be on track now.
3	I know I only gave this spot 3 stars, but here's why. I come here almost every Sunday after hiking south mountain. It has fantastic lattes, way better than Starbucks, and the food is delicious too. However, the prices here are way too high for the amount of food/drink you get, and the service can occasionally be slow, depending on how busy it is. They do not handle busy times well, although they are much better than they used to be. The most disappointing thing about this place is that they no longer allow dogs in their nice side patio, so after my hike with my dog, I have to sit near the front door which downgrades my experience a bit. I still go here frequently despite all of the above as it really is a decent place for breakfast. Btw the mimosas are to die for!
4	Went this morning.  Ordered a ham torta sandwich and coffee.  You have to order sides as an extra but the sandwich alone filled me up and I was only able to eat half!! The coffee was great and I mentioned it to our server.  "IT'S CARTEL COFFEE"  well that's WHY!!!!!!!!!!!! omg I love Cartel and so stoked this place is right by our place!  The scene is hipster and service is slow like the servers "just work there, but don't really need the money sort of way".  Still- ill go back- and be patient, because the food is good and the coffee is bomb and its close to my house.
4	Good breakfast place if you are in the area.
5	This locally owned spot has become a weekly habit for me.  The breakfast can't be beat (try the El Jefe Omelet- delish!) and the pancakes are fantastic!  They have a nice patio for when the weather is accomodating.  They have a great wine and beer selection and sometimes have live music to go with the delicious guacamole and glass of wine!  For the record- if you want to get the best service at Hillside, see Kelly or Madison.  The only downside to Hillside?  The hostess.  Maybe time to hire someone new. :)Overall, this place can't be beat.
5	I really like this place. I have been going for about a year now. It's cool inside with the open kitchen and a lot of cool pieces of furniture - like old bread racks, mismatched metal baskets. They also have some mismatched tables and chairs and this really cool old-style map on the front window. I used to not like the layout and was confused when I first walked in. But they changed things around a while ago and now the cash register is right when you walk and all of the seating is to the right. They also went to full service which I love. Still very casual but i don't have to stand in line at the counter. The food has always been good for me. Fresh and cooked right in front of me (I love sitting at the bar and watching) and I love the smell of the mesquite fire. This last week my husband got the pulled pork sandwich because he always does and it never lets him down. I actually tried one of their new Mexican food items. The server wasn't overly knowledgeable of the item but when they said Doug, who also owns Gallo Blanco, brought over some of his items I had to try. I had the Al Pastor pork burrito and it was really tasty. The chips were fresh and the beans were too. And I just love the red spicy hot sauce they make.The lights were dimmed and candles lit. It wasn't super busy but a nice crowd. I had a glass of a wine called Evodia which I loved and my husband got a San Tan or something beer which is his favorite. We'll be back and keep it up. We love having you down the street.
5	Awesome Huevos Rancheros.
1	Unfortunately I can no longer return to this place of business. The food is great, but the customer service has finally gotten to me to the point of no return, and it saddens me because this is a local business. Today, we waited 30 mins for our bill, and of course, the waitress didn't come back to check on us for refills, didn't ask how our food was, nothing. After attempting to flag down another waiter (who told us they were having issues in the kitchen), saying he'd get it for us, and also forget to bring us the bill...our waitress finally came and threw the bill on the table, and didn't even say "thanks for coming in". She received no tip. Calling in and picking up food is also a timely process, even though they say it will be ready 10 "10-15min" - when you get there, you wait for at LEAST 10min for someone to notice you - both times a cook had to summon someone from across the eatery to come assist me.I don't understand how a business who has clearly received so many complaints about their customer services has yet to improve.. I would rather spend my money on fresh, organic food elsewhere - 24 Carrots and Pomegranate Cafe (both in the area) are worth it. Don't waste your time or money at Hillside Spot.
4	We love this place!  Have eaten here several times and experienced breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  Food is fresh and prepared with care!  Mia's pancakes are to die for!  One small issue noted...we sat at the counter at our last visit, which is fun because you get to watch the going-ons inside the kitchen.  We watched one of the chef's refilling a plastic squeeze bottle with some sort of sauce.  He carefully poured the contents into the bottle and I noticed that the top had dried, crusted sauce around the edge.  Sure enough, the chef finished pouring the sauce into the bottle, used his spatula to scrape the edges back into the bottle and put the top back on without wiping it.  Wish I hadn't seen that!  Guys...wipe the tops of the bottles before putting the tops back on!  They get crusty and gross.
5	I am so excited to have the Hillside spot in my neighborhood.  The Croque De Monsieur sandwich was mouthwatering, The Red Velvet cake melted in my mouth. The service was outstanding. I felt like I was in Portland.  I loved it.  Great patio, great ambiance.  Go check it out. The baked good are amazing.  I loved the place.
4	The Hillside is close to my home and makes a nice walk with the family to go there for lunch/brunch. The food there is really good and I believe almost all food  is gathered from local growers.I had the breakfast burrito with chorizo, eggs, cheese and potatoes. The burrito was flavorful and very good. There is also a small side of fruit served with the meal. I wish the fruit was a bit bigger.I had a bite of my wife's torta sandwich and that was really good. That might be an option next time.There is a nice patio outside with a fireplace as well as ample seating inside.Service was great and food came out quickly! We'll be bake there over and over sampling other items.Nice atmsophere that is also kid friendly.
4	Croque Madame was perfectly prepared and delicious.  Our service was perfect and we were seated right away on a Saturday  morning when you might expect to have a wait.I did notice that the other two egg dishes at the table looked over-done....eggs should never be browned and crispy in my opinion.
4	Enjoyed the Blue Sky Salad w/ perfectly grilled chicken and topped it off with a monster cookie!   My guest enjoyed their turkey club and fries, but couldn't finish it all!I love the fact that Hillside can make a fresh salad and provides delicious baked goods along with their breads used on sandwiches and for breakfast.Great service and although they were busy, we didn't have to wait.
4	We go for the mimosas in the morning (delish!) and the kids eat free (after 4pm) specials as night. I love the indie-vibe this restaurant exudes, while my husband loves the fact that there are so many local beers on tap.Well done.
2	My wife and I and some friends went there a couple of weeks ago. Where do I begin? It took nearly 45 min. to get our food from the time we were seated, during which we had no drink refills. I ordered a burger medium rare which came darn near well done and completely flavorless. My wife had a ribeye sandwich. The flavor of the steak was smothered by some overpowering sweet, salty sauce or marinade which completely ruined it. My friend had macaroni and cheese and it was pretty similar to Kraft White Cheddar Mac and Cheese, but with far less flavor. The only reason this place gets two stars is because of the bread that the sandwiches were served on was really good and the guacamole appetizer was a 4 out of 5.  I will not be going back.
5	I've been to Hillside Spot around a dozen times and have not had a negative experience other than for some reason I can't remember the name..."Is it Hillspot Side Diner...no...hm". I would not survive if it were not for google and a phone that is smarter than me.Anyway, I love the place. They seem to try to carry as much local items as possible. I was delighted to find out that they serve Cartel Coffee, which is seriously the best coffee you will get in the area. Like many reviews have noted, the bread is fantastic. I particularly enjoy the Croque Madame. Ugh..I'm salivating like a Pavlovian dog just thinking about it.I like to go with a book and read by the fireplace outside in the few weeks in the valley that it's temperate to do such a thing. The ambiance of the place is hip and comfortable.Great service and staff. I can't recommend this place enough.
4	I love the Hillside atmosphere and what it brings into the Ahwatukee community. There definitely needs to be more restaurants such as this. I suggest trying...EVERYTHING! Even the french fries are delicious here. Servers are friendly, although sometimes slow; but everyone who works here has an artsy side to them. Warning: if you are in a rush, don't visit here on the weekends!
4	Had breakfast with my daughter here last weekend and we were pleasantly surprised. The place was very crowded and with a line waiting to be seated which lets you know there is something good about it.  The service was not great but not bad considering how crowded it was, but the food was delicious. We order the egg and chorizo torta which is a basically a sandwich but with a different kind of bread.Knowing what a torta really is supposed to taste,  this was very close and very good.The percentage of chorizo to the egg was perfect! We also ordered a bowl of fruit and it was good, no cantaloupe, honey dew or grapes, it had different berries and types of fruit. All the dishes they serve to other people also looked very good.The only thing I thought was very expensive was the latte and the chia and had to send it back once as they brought something I did not order.I will definitely will go back and try some other food!
5	Everything here is good! Be prepared to wait a little while for your food, especially if they're busy, because it's prepared made-to-order.  But it's well worth the wait!
3	Glad to see you went back to counter ordering..  Like the matching shirts for servers..  Love the food and beer selection (croque madame is my favorite)..  Please please please do something about the flies.  they are ruining the place for me!
4	Seating service is always a little slow because they don't want to put too much pressure on the service staff.  So, sometimes you have to wait for no reason. Food is always good.  Nice breakfast spot for the weekends!  Good patio seating.
3	After several so-so visits, this one was finally decent primarily because the huevos rancheros was delish. Service was still lacking (slow and inattentive) and the kitchen always seems slow getting food out. My biggest complaint is the ridiculously large fake fica tree that takes up about 1/6 of the floor space. Tables are squeezed tightly together to make room for this monstrosity which requires servers and customers to engage in an impromptu game of limbo to get around it. It really needs to go.I do hold out hope for this place and the huge patio has a lot of potential. With the right furniture and shade the patio could really be on par with the Vig.
2	I was so excited to try Hillside after rave reviews from my boss so when he suggested he take all of us to lunch there for Administrative Assistant Day several of us anxiously accepted. Got there about 11:30 on a Thursday, 3 tables outside and about half of the tables inside were occupied. Food being prepared looked awesome. Following directions the 7 of  us sat ourselves in the back at a long table. A very nice waiter came over gave us menus and took our drink orders. It literally took 15 minutes to get our drinks and to have our order taken. I ordered the turkey sandwich with a side of fries. After ordering it took another 45 minutes to receive our food. My sandwich and fries looked great. Quality ingredients prepared with care. To my surprise my fries..ice cold, not  luke warm, but cold like when you go to throw away the McDonald's bag and there is one elusive fry that has tried to escape, and you know its not going to be that salty, crunchy, greasy, hot fry you want but you have to eat it anyway and then regret it. It was that type of cold. The bread on the sandwich had been sitting out so long it felt like it had been toasted, but it hadn't. It was such a shame too because the turkey was flavorful and the lettuce, tomato and avocado so fresh. Honestly though, I have had a better turkey sandwich at QT for $5 and it came with chips and a drink.A co-worker ordered the Chilaquiles Verde and hers was so cold the cheese had congealed and the yolk on fried egg on top had started dry out, . My boss asked if she wanted to send it back but since we had already been there over an hour she said no.  Someone else ordered the Mesquite Rotisserie Chicken, he said it looked better than it tasted.Our waiter even though nice but way over worked..they looked a little short staffed. He was working all of the outside tables plus several inside and the flow of the cafe just didn't look like it worked. We never received refills on our drinks and my pricky pear ice tea was the high spot of my experience.Hillside uses quality ingredients and maybe I just visited on a off day, but from what I had today I won't be returning.
3	While visiting AZ, we (husband & I) are typically on the look out for a good breakfast place. I found this place, so I was kind of excited to try it. We went on a Saturday morning around 9ish. The wait was not bad ~ 15 min. The coffee was lukewarm, not worth drinking. The food was okay - I kept thinking, "This would be really good with . . ." (an additional ingredient). Service was mediocre. The vibe I got - this restaurant is for you if you want local, fresh, maybe organic, but flavor isn't as important.
5	Awesome!!! OMG I had the croque madame with a poached egg on top! It was so authentic and delicious! Heavenly will go back anytime I am in need of breakfast/lunch in Ahwatukee!!!! Wish they were in Scottsdale! Open one in Scottsdale so I can go every week!
2	As some of the other reviewers, I waited until I had given this locally owned place a few chances...2 times for breakfast and once for an early dinner. I have to say I did enjoy the breakfasts (pancakes once and farmers omelet the second) The food was very good, but the wait and the service were big strikes. I totally understand the wait for breakfast on a Sunday morning...it is a busy place with folks going to the farmers market nearby. First time we waited 20 minutes. The second time we waited almost 30. We had said we would take inside or outside, but for some reason the hostess heard only the 'outside.' When we went for early dinner, the place was pretty deserted. We ordered a beer (they have Kiltlifter on tap, which is our fav) and then we waited and waited. After 15 minutes the beer came, and before we could say we wanted to order the server dashed away. We waited another 5 minutes or so, he came back and we ordered the cheeseburgers...medium. 20 minutes later they came out...so well done they were practically dry. Big disappointment. The server we had never came back, didn't ask if we wanted another beer, etc. so when we were through we went up to the hostess and asked for our check. So silly when there were only 3 tables seated this whole time and no one on the patio (too hot) One server should be able to deal with 3 tables!! All three times I went, I felt that the service was below par and the attitude being kinda 'who cares, I'll get around to it when I can.' And no one smiles at this place. Darn, I really wanted this to be a local hang-out place for us.
4	Open kitchen and great staff. Friendly and chilled. Turkey sandwich. Sliced white breast havarti cheese, avocado, tomato lettuce mayo and honey mustard. With salad. And a hefeweizen.
2	Hillside used to be fantastic, great food, and ample service.  Somehow over the years they began to forget what good service is.  Lately you walk in to the market and there are plenty of available seats, but not enough servers to serve them, so they make you wait.  The other day my wife and I walked in and sat at a table, and not a single employee acknowledged our existence.  There was a guy mopping the floor behind the bar, and he saw us but did nothing.  After 15 minutes of waiting with no service we walked out - but not before letting the manager and other staff know that they obviously don't want business.  What a shame, this place used to be great, now we'll never go there again.
4	The service isn't fantastic especially when it's crowded but that's why I make a point to go when I have plenty of time just to lounge and relax - the atmosphere of the restaurant lends itself to that kind of dining experience anyways.  But on to the meat of it... the food!!  Pulled pork sandwich was absolutely fantastic.  Great flavor but with a nice twist to it and the guacamole was very light, yet still substantial and had a kick of flavor to it (might've been pineapples in this, I can't remember).  Croque monsiuer was also melt-in-your-mouth good. Just very fresh fare overall.Can't love the service, but go there when you have time to lounge, chat with some friends, and share some good food!
4	I like this place but it's over priced!!! The waittress should have realized that there were other ways to price out grilled chicken and salad than to charge me $20 for French fries I didn't want!
4	SHORT AND SWEET:Came for lunch on a Saturday at noon. It wasn't busy when we got there, was seated right away, but around 1pm it started getting crowded, the service was good, the food was delicious (pear, blue cheese salad ordered and it was fantastic!) the coffee was very good too. GREAT PLACE, cool ambiance. The End.
2	The food at Hillside Spot is wonderful-- I've enjoyed both breakfast and lunch there a few times. However, the service is enough to make me not want to eat there anymore. Other Yelpers have described their service as "slow and disorganized," and that pretty much sums it up. It's a shame, because the atmosphere of the restaurant is cozy and cheerful and the food is delicious. The service is just not what it should be. I expect more.
4	Very nice and busy neighbourhood breakfast place.  Closest comparison I can think of for such a busy place would be Liberty Market in Gilbert.  I had the Corque Madame.  Its was well done with the right amount of cheese and ham and the fried egg was good.  I was a little disappointed that the only side it comes with was just a fruit cup, but then, what kind of sides do U give to a carb heavy sliced of bread anyway ?  I guess fruit is the best choice in this case.  I saw the Huevos Rancheros my friend ordered, he liked it very much too, the server even offered him a side of a spicier salsa when he asked if the sauce was gonna be spicy.  He does have one little query, why does it not come with beans ?  It comes with potatoes and a fruit cup too but we asked the server about it and he says, they usually don't serve beans with huevos rancheros.  But those are two small things that did not affect my overall experience by too much.  Because based on what they cooked and offered, the food was well made and very tasty.  I will definitely be back again because the coffee is really good (no longer cartel but also a local brand, expressions), service is excellent and food is well prepared.  I don't know what kind of service the other people here received but we had a very good server who kept coming back to refill our coffee.  I did see that the table next to us with a different server were visibly displeased when their server was too busy running around to refill their coffees often enough.  Also the server did come over and apologize to them, when we got our food before them, though we got in behind them.  I guess you can't control the kitchen and maybe the server was a little younger than our server, thus might have appeared a little more rushed, but I dun recall him being rude or away for too long.  Their coffee cups stayed half full most of the time still.I will need to come back again to sample the other food choices, apparently they serve a good dinner too.  I guess it would be prudent to come earlier here on sunday for brunch as the farmer's market in the corner brings in a big walking crowd.  I imagine on saturday it would be pretty packed too.
1	I can't comment on the food because we didn't get that far.  The place had a less than pristine feel when we walked in, but we were willing to overlook that.It was when we watched the hostess toss her hair around (literally bending over at the waist to flip it forward then all the way back) and proceed to put her hair up in a ponytail, take it out and then repeat the process, that we decided we didn't have the stomach to eat there.
1	This place is circling the drain.  I don't get it... The location is great with little competition nearby but when we went there today they were so slow and the food was so poorly cooked that we won't be going back and will drive 10 minutes more to go somewhere else.  The place has a lot of potential, good menu and ambiance, but the execution is poor.  I hope they go out of business soon so someone can open up something better at that location.
5	I love this place!  My fav restaurant in Ahwatukee!  I have been many times and it is always tasty!  Normally I get the burger!  So good!  I have also had breakfast here!  Mmm oh and salads are great!Service is great and you can sit outside if you would like!
3	Nice place, decent burger, good fries, a bit expensive.
4	Love this place!Have come here twice in the last two weeks or so. First time was for breakfast. Had the Croque Madame which was delicious, the only thing I didn't like was the tiny side of fruit it came with because it didn't look super appetizing so I didnt event touch that. They have a bar there too so I also had a mimosa which came with fresh squeezed oj. Came again for dinner a week later and loved it again.  The grilled chicken was delicious, also had chips and quac for a snack that was good. Honestly I don't think you can really go wrong with anything on the menu. I really like this place its cute and casual and it has a nice rounded menu. Really anyone could find something in it to eat.  Will absolutely be coming back again.
4	Delicious burger!They have a massive menu with something for everyone.  My gf got a light basil-pesto chicken with a nicely sweet bread, while I got a southwestern burger and fruit on the side.  This is a gem in ahwatukee.  Walking in, I felt at home because it reminded me of many cafes from Boston; it was clean but with a bit of hip grunge look.  There's a big garage door on the one side of the restaurant that opens out for a large patio in the cooler months.I'll definitely return here when I make trips to ahwatukee.
4	As a Hillside regular I feel 4/5 stars is not quite the perfect rating - I wish I could give them 4.5 stars as 90% of my experiences with the food and service have been excellent.  Those experiences that comprise the 90% include breakfasts, lunches, and dinners.  Amazing pancakes, best bacon in the valley (seriously, big props for the bacon), huevos rancheros yum, chilaquiles to die for, awesome burgers, great beer selection, and I am in love the Cocina 10 items!  The servers are friendly, knowledgeable about the menu (both food and beverage), and make the overall experience at Hillside enjoyable.The other 10% - the bad - have occurred in the mornings on the weekends when they're in the middle of a rush.  New rule - if I have to wait more than 5 mins for a table at Hillside I have to walk away.  They just don't seem to properly staff those peak times and both service and food quality suffer.Final words... outside of 8:30am-10:30am on Saturday and Sunday I will continue to visit Hillside for any meal of the day.  Great food!  If you haven't been... go!
4	Deliciousness! Fresh ingredients, awesome atmosphere, fun decor, and great service. When you order a coffee based drink it comes with complimentary coffee-art!
3	Pretty good food. Had the build your own burritos, which were good. They do charge an extra $0.50 if you order additional salsa... kinda lame. Mimosa's were a good-sized pour, but also $8 a piece.Green tomatillo salso is good - not spicy at all (although it says spicy on the menu), but good. Good location and great ambiance. Went on a Sunday around 11am and had a 20 minute wait (ended up being less than that), so we headed over to the Farmers Market in the same parking lot - convenient way to kill some time.Overall pretty good. Would head back if we were in the area.
5	This place is the best !! I am a regular ! The nice relaxed vibe really makes the experience of eating here always a great one! Staff is always so friendly! Anything on the breakfast menu is amazing! Also a great place to go and just enjoy and nice glass of wine!
5	Hillside spot is a great place for lunch. I have been there twice. First time I had the burger, which was juicy and everything I needed to cure my hangover. The second time I went for a healthier option and got the suki rice bowl - holy cow was I blown away. Perfect size and tasty! It comes with a small salad which was also very good. My boyfriend got the pulled pork sandwich which had a really good smokey flavor. Besides from the food, we had the best server I have had in awhile. Her name is Erica. She was fast, nice, charming, and on top of her game. I can't wait to come back and try hillside for dinner!
4	Happily surprised.  Cool spot, great find, really good food.
4	Outstanding food!! Great, fresh, local, creative, unusual and tasty combinations. Service was good. Loved the patio on a nice sunny day! Unusual open commercial kitchen in the middle of the restaurant.  Prices are reasonable. Will definitely be back!
4	My husband and I frequent Hillside.  We started off just going for breakfast (great breakfast burritos, by the way!) and then decided to try out their dinners.  Their food is awesome!  I've liked just about everything I've tried, with the exception being the fish tacos, and even those weren't bad, just mediocre.  Our favorites there are the guacamole as an appetizer, the carne asada torta (My husband raves about this one.), the chicken sandwich, and the salads.  Their fries are amazing, especially if you ask for a side of their homemade ranch.My complaint with Hillside is the service.  On a few occasions, we've gotten waiters that aren't particularly friendly and forget to check in on us to see if we need anything.  And during peak times, they sometimes have dropped the ball and forgotten to bring out appetizers or drinks.  That being said, we look past the occasionally lackluster service and still dine their frequently.  The food keeps us going back.  Oh, and try the chocolate chip cookies!Also... they have half-price bottles of wine on Wednesdays, ribs on Thursdays and craft beer night is also that night.
4	I love Hillside for breakfast and come whenever I can.The meat they use is of a very high quality, and makes everything amazing. The Levain bread is really fantastic. Basically everything food related is great.The problem, as many have noted, is in Hillside's service. I've had a number of servers who have been very good, so it's not a systemic issue. But, that being said, there are a number of servers who are about as bad as it gets. They won't come to take your order until you've been there almost 15 minutes. They drop the food off and you'll never see them again unless you flag them down and almost yell to them. These folks aren't unfriendly, but they're also not exactly caring about your experience.So, you're left with the feelings that I have: hope that Yelp gets the management weeds out the poor servers, so this place can be the 5 stars it should be.
4	Another year another review.  I've been going here for over two years now and it's still one of my favorite breakfast spots in Ahwatukee.  The restaurant has changed things up from time to time for the better and they always have great food.  The staff is always cheerful in the morning and they make a great mocha.  The also get bonus points for having an actual "large" mocha.  It's been awhile since I ate lunch or dinner here, but I'll have to scoot by for happy hour and update this review.  The breakfast menu has been updated to add a few new things and keep the old favorites.  I highly recommend the Huevos Rancheros Verde it's my usual go to breakfast and the best I have found so far anywhere in Phoenix.  The verde sauce is great ( not really spicy though ) and the Oaxaca cheese filled tortilla is delicious. If you aren't in the mood for eggs the "Hit the Spot" pancakes are a huge portion and really good.  Order the hash browns crispy though as they tend to be on the limp side if you don't. They have plenty of tables, a counter, and an outside patio for dining. Try:- Huevos Rancheros Verde- Mocha- "Hit the Spot" Pancakes- Croque Madame
4	Normally, I don't like coming here because the service is so slow but I was very happy last night. Madison was our server and she rocked it. We had some salads and desert and couple of beers. Food is always good here but the service is typically slow. If all the servers were like Madison I'd be there all the time.
4	Love Hillside Spot! I typically do weekend brunch or a late lunch and the food has always been good.
2	I came to Hillside last night and I can't figure out what all of these positive reviews are about. I ordered the mesquite grilled chicken which came with two sides - I chose mac n cheese and stir fried veggies. First of all, they charge $4.75 for a side MAC N CHEESE out of a BLUE BOX, which should be a freaking crime. That is the kind of crap you find on a chain restaurant kids' menu... YUCK! Making a decent mac n cheese from scratch is not that hard, guys. The veggies were complete mush - nothing you would expect when you read "stir fried veggies". Last, there was the chicken. Sigh. There was some sort of goo that they slather on it - it is sticky sweet - and it condenses down as it cooks, then sticks to your teeth when you eat it. Oh yeah, the chicken was very, very pink close to the bone. Maybe this is more of a breakfast place? Perhaps I just got unlucky and had three terrible things on the menu? In any event, it will be difficult for me to try this place again.I still can't believe they serve Kraft mac n cheese and charge $4.75 for a side of it. Laughable.
4	YUM!  My husband and I went on a Sunday morning for a late breakfast. I got Huevos Rancheros Verde and it was fantastic, very flavorful and not overly spicy. I ordered my eggs scrambled and they came fried but that isn't a huge issue for me because they where done properly and not overly oily.  The service was friendly and attentive and my tea got filled without me having to ask. I am looking forward to trying dinner here. The menu looked good and they have a great selection of local beers and you can even take a 6 pack home.  I will get go back here for sure.
1	This place is overpriced and has mediocre food. We asked for separate checks when we entered and after we ate they told us we couldn't have separate checks. Itried to talk to the manager, but he just walked away. This used to be a great place, but when they went to full service , raised prices and took some of their best items off the menu ,it became just another overpriced restaurant that couldn't care less about customer service.
5	Excellent food, great service, nice little patio with fireplace outside, yada, yada, yada...... I've been here several times for lunch which I always found to be quite good but hadn't had the breakfast before yesterday. Mmmmm... the custom omelets are killer, the 9 grain toast is probably the best I've had and the patio was perfect on this fine Phoenix Winter morning. I had to take a loaf of the 9-grain home with me, I had a piece of it this morning with my breakfast.. I highly recommend Hillside for all meals
1	I read about the reviews on bad customer service at this establishment, and with 10 years in the service industry, I consider myself to have an extended amount of patience for people who work in the industry. However, the reviews on horrible customer service are correct. My first and last visit was simply a to-go order. I walked in on a Sunday morning, it was packed. Which was fine. But I don't understand why anyone would ever make a 2nd trip here. We waited around at the order area for about 7 minutes until someone finally acknowledged our presence (Servers kept walking by and ignoring us). He looked like a manger which made it even more disappointing. He took our order, and didn't take my name or anything and simply shoved me away to take the next waiting customer. Then we sat for a good 15 minutes, waiting. Which was fine. We waited and waited and waited and still had no acknowledgment as to where our food was. I finally got frustrated and went to the order area and waited again, as servers passed by us, ignoring us. I saw 2 orders sitting on the counter that had been there for about 10 minutes. I was going to be pissed if this was our food sitting here, getting cold, while we had been sitting and waiting the whole time. SURE ENOUGH, IT WAS OUR FOOD. No one attempted to call my name, (since they didn't take it) and we sat there the whole time while our food was just sitting behind the podium. I asked the girl why the food was just sitting there and we were sitting waiting the whole time. She just stared at me with a blank expression. We were 3 feet away, so I can see the whole time if anyone were trying to give us our food. It just didn't even happen.They need a much better system for organization. It is unfortunate because I like to support out local people. This left a very bad taste in my mouth and I suggest everyone go down the street to Pita Jungle or the AZ Sandwich co.This experience sucked so bad and I didn't even get the unfortunate opportunity to dine in. Can't imagine how grueling that would have been.
3	Oh Hillside Spot, how I love your delicious food, your corner location, your wonderful patio with that fantastic fireplace, your simple yet quirky decor.  I inhale my food when I sit down at your tables.  I smell, I observe, I look, I simply fall in love at first bite and then I do this thing with my fork, my mouth and the plate until the plate is clean.  Your coffee is that of the coffee gods, my blood veins literally come alive at first sip, only to have my body leave comatose some time later!  Hillside Spot, why on earth did I ever try your pancakes...  Why did I try letting you "Hit the Spot", whoa there Yelper....  that's Hit the Spot pancakes.  I DON'T eat carbs.  What's wrong with you serving me those?  The sugar, the whipped butter, the syrup, the pancakes, the bananas, the caramel, the everything you put on any of your pancakes.  I've tried them all and I'm just not sure I can stop eating those pancakes and it scares me.  The warm soft cushy pancake smeared with the butter that has been drowned in syrupy goodness.  The way I insanely start from the middle and eat the pancake from the inside out, leaving the rim on the pancake.  Its all so sinful... Sinfully good that is.Thank the breakfast gods for your omelettes, I can redeem myself and exhibit some self control when i have the farmer's omelette or the El Jefe, sans the potatoes with egg whites.  I even get tickled that you charge me 50 cents for the side of salsa with my omelette.   I'm still hopeful that one day, the service at my favorite breakfast place in Phoenix will improve and I can update this review with some fresh bling!  Until then, you're actually saving me some carbs, because I'd be back so much more often if the service were top notch.
2	Hillside is missing a couple things. Outside music and attentive service. Two things that make sitting on the patio on a Sunday, much, much better.Good service is a concious choice.
4	So, breakfast or lunch... This place is Wonderful, yep, with a capital W.  The atmosphere is simple with an open kitchen.  The service could be beefed up a bit, but the food is awesome.  If you hit this spot for lunch, you cannot go wrong with the Hillside Chopped salad.
4	Grub, great breakfast.  Check it out
4	I would give this place 5 stars if the device wasn't so terrible. If you go to eat there you can't be in a hurry or expect excellent service. There has been a time where my husband and I eventually got our own drinks. Even other regulars know you can count on amazing food and terrible service. But the food is amazing and keep bringing me back. It makes the lack of service all worth it. The carne asada torta is one oft favorites. And the Brooklyn chop is a great salad. I will always recommend eating here, even of you do have to get your own drink.
4	Hillside also has great dinner and lunch meals. The mesquite chicken is delicious, they have really good Mexican food, plus great sandwiches and a plethora of interesting salads that are healthy and taste delicious. I love the atmosphere, the wine and beer list, the outdoor seating, the pulled pork sandwich, the fries, there is a lot to like about Hillside. I just wish they would stay open later. 8 p.m. even on a weeknight is too early to close.
4	Great breakfast selection and a well sourced local and wholesome use of ingredients. The "Callejero Style" corn on the cob is one of the best items on their menu. The mesquite grill always delivers fantastic smells and titillates your taste buds. The Chilaquiles Verdes is my favorite breakfast selection, almost rivaling Chelsea's Kitchen's version...almost... Great for road and mtn. bikers.
1	I have been to this place 5 times and every time I have left either hungry or extremely upset. The food is mediocre and the service stinks. We have had our order completely forgotten, items forgotten, under cooked food and the manager simply does not care about the customers. Don't waste your money or your time.
4	The spot chop salad is my favorite.  They also have a great pulled pork sandwich.  They buy from local vendors, so I like to support them.   The restaurant is open and urban.  The service is not there strong suit, but give them a try.
3	Happy to post an update on Hillside Spot- 3 years later!My friend took me here and I didn't even remember that I had been here before. I thought the place was large and had a great patio (with a fireplace) and mood-dim lighting. Since I forgot about my previous experience, I didn't even think to order the pulled pork sandwich. Instead I got the Brooklyn Chop salad: romaine, salami, pistachios, radicchio, sundried tomatoes, cucumber, cotija, tomatoes, olives, and red wine vinaigrette. We also ordered draft beers that were $2 off as a Weekday special. My friend got a veggie burrito.Our server was great and pretty speedy with the beers and food. The salad itself was tasty but not as flavorful as the description presented it to be: it was mostly salami and lettuce, I saw a tiny piece of pistachio and a whole olive but no sundried tomatoes, radicchio, cotija cheese, cucumbers or tomatoes. All in all, it was a decent salami and lettuce salad with a tangy dressing. My friend's veggie burrito was pretty average too- steamed veggies on a tortilla shell.Happy that this place has gotten better in my eyes but its still not as amazing as it could be. However, the patio and ambiance is good enough to just come for beers and escape elsewhere for a good meal.
2	Eh. Was very unimpressed. Came here for Mother's Day breakfast as it was the only Ahwatukee area breakfast joint I could find with healthy menu options that wasn't a chain. First, the ok part. The food wasn't bad. Nothing special, but not bad for a quick breakfast. I had the farmer's omelette with fruit on the side. My boyfriend got a breakfast burritto that he said was pretty good, but the "potatoes" inside were just french fries. Really? We were seated on the patio, which was fine because it was fairly shaded. There were flys EVERYWHERE. I understand that there is only so much they can do when you're outside, but it was gross. and, the seat cushions were all filthy. The service sucked. The hostess was just sort of dumb, and not especially friendly. We did get our drinks refilled in a timely fashion, which I appreciate, but our waitress had zero personality. zero. When we first sat down she came up to the table, without even saying hi, and took the sweetener packets off the table to give to the table next to us. Didn't say a word. When my boyfriend's mom asked about the hashbrowns, the waitress said "they're just hashbrowns". It's like she didn't know how to communicate with real people. Given the owners of the place, I expected A LOT more. It's fine for a quick bite to eat, but don't expect friendly service our outstanding food. Ahwatukee could really use a quality breakfast joint, too.
4	Hillside Spot is a pleasant little neighborhood cafe in Ahwatukee.  We have made a couple stops here at various times of the day and have been able to sample the fare and the atmosphere during both a Sunday morning breakfast rush, and a week night dinner rush. The breakfast burrito with chorizo was very good, as was the carne asada torta I had at our dinnertime visit.  I look forward to return visits to explore more of their menu.As an added bonus... There is a nice little variety of fine craft beers in the cooler up front.  Be sure to take a look at what's available before you are seated.  Oh, and the seating...there is both indoor and patio seating.  The patio is large and centered around a good sized fireplace...a great location to enjoy a nice craft brew in the evening, next to the fire...only in the months of December and January though when weather temperatures permit.I'd definitely recommend this place if you are in the area.
4	I must start this off with saying that Hillside Spot is one of my favorite restaurants in town and I consider a pleasant hidden gem of the city!  I like the food, the space, and the chai tea makes my world go round. With that being said there are some serious reoccuring issues with this place that never seem to get fixed.  I know its lame to rip on service because any server can simply be having a bad day on any given time you are being served by them.  But they have some very consistent service issues. First, they have a beautiful, young, eclectic staff that seems to move around very fast and work pretty hard.  Sad to say, they are all learning the bad habits of each other and there is almost NO service factor present.  The in general tone of the servers isn't friendly and they don't go above and beyond.  I could list one hundred ways to change this around but there is only one key thing that really needs to be noted.  It looks like this place took out the middleman (bus boy) and the kitchen expeditor.  That is great, servers don't have to tip out so they get to keep all their tips.  But....now they are so focused on cleaning up they spend less time on other things.  The lack of a true kitchen expeditor guiding where the food goes and putting the last minute touches on the food that goes out is killing this place.  Most of the time you will find your server with his or her back turned to you while they are waiting around the island in the middle of their kitchen.  Its so crazy to have servers waiting around for food when there is so much they can do.  Hire a kitchen guru.  Have your servers helping out at the front handing out free muffin samples to waiting guests.  Pick up straw and/or torta wrappers as people are dining. Fill that water glass before the end of the meal. Ask to heat up that pastry when someone orders it.  Come on Hillside.  Go beyond just asking what someone wants and then throwing it down in front of them! I'm a huge fan and I'm rooting for you.
1	I heard great things about Hillside Spot from a friend. I will never consider his recommendations again.The service was terrible. Our waiter fucked everything up.. everything. Forgetful.. messed up each order. The family next to us had similar problems.. but worse. Waiter gave all the kid's food to another table. So the parents were already done eating when their kids finally received their grub. The food was nothing special.. Maybe worth 2.5 stars. This Spot was boo boo. I've had better experiences at Waffle House.
5	This place was great. I ate there for the first time the other day and I was very happy with my breakfast burrito selection. It was not too much food, just right. I was also excited that you can add hash browns to your burrito for $1. The coffee is really great too!
4	We've been there for breakfast and dinner. Can't argue w/ the good reviews as we haven't experienced anything wrong yet. It's our neighborhood joint so we welcome it w/ open arms.
4	My favorite brunch place in Ahwatukee. Food is consistently very good.
5	Loved the Asado salad and Frico Cheese Crisp which is truly a crisp of manchego cheese with a scrumptious aji chile aioli. The cheese burger, even as a "medium well," was absolutely delicious, not dry at all.This place may be even better at lunch than they are at breakfast!
3	Pretty good food. Nothing that wowed me. Coffee was also good. Staff were attentive, but looked angry - no smiles when we were there on a Sunday. Also witnessed some pretty interesting gaffs - they brought our food to us twice (ooops), and while making the tea managed to spill most of the entire huge pot on the floor . . . Did I mention the frowns?
2	My wife likes this place and that's why I've been several times. Since I can't complain to her I'll complain to you! Each time I come here I hope maybe this is the time the food wows me. Spoiler: it doesn't. Every meal I've had here is wildly mediocre. The desserts are good.  I was really quite upset on my last attempt though.  Usually I order breakfast/brunch items but seeing as I've had no luck with those I opted for a simple sandwich. Something basic so I would at least not have a bad lunch. I went for the tuna melt figuring even if they opened a can of tuna, mixed in a scoop of mayo, put it on toast, melted some cheese and charged me $9 it'd still be good. Oh, how I wish they just did that. It was, quite honestly, disgusting. The tuna, what I could taste, seemed to be chunk light and had a cornucopia of items mixed in. This included fruit. Fruit in my tuna salad. There were so many things mixed in I could barely taste the tuna OR cheese. The bread it was on was good. I should've just ordered toast. Additionally, while the fries are made in house they are not good either. Clearly they're not blanched because they're soggy and had no seasoning. Lastly, as you've read in many of these other reviews the service is pretty shoddy. It is a cute restaurant with all the signs that it'll be good but be warned; looks can be deceiving.
2	Hipster alert!!!I went there recently with the intention of getting a salad. Unfortunately I couldn't find anything that resembled one.  All of them included fruit (i.e. pears, mango) and a list of exotic ingredients, including dressings such as jalapeno cucumber raspberry vinaigrette (come on). It would seem that this place is trying way too hard. It's one thing to offer new foods and exciting twists on traditional stuff, but it's another to just throw together a bunch of unique-sounding ingredients in hopes to dupe the next bohemian with an identity crisis into overpriced mediocrity.  If the hipsters of Ahwatukee would just get over themselves this place wouldn't be all that popular.
5	Hillside Spot is one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix. Breakfast, lunch, and dinner are fantastic. I have selected items from all over the menu and have not been disappointed. They use high quality ingredients and source from local vendors, which, for me, is a big selling point.For breakfast I would recommend the croque madame, farmer's omelette, or if you are looking for something sweet, their pancakes are some of the best I have had.For lunch/dinner I feel that it is pretty much mandatory to order the guacamole as a starter. Basically all of their salads are great, but the real stand out is the Spot Chop. The meat for their burgers is ground in house and they cut their own fries, so you can't go wrong there. I have also been known to order the vegetable torta a time or two. They also have a great Mexican food menu, which I have only ordered from once, but that one order happened to be one of the best Carne Asada burritos I have ever tasted.
5	This place rocks. Between the friendly wait staff to their fantastic pancakes and Mexican inspired food, this is a winner. Try it.
5	Place is great, great menu, great food, great service, good ambience to boot..
3	Nice patio
4	Went here last Sunday for breakfast with my family.Things I liked:-The food we ordered was without a doubt delicious - I do recall saying my pancakes were the best I'd had in forever... loved the maple syrup and warm butter!! My other people's food was inhaled, it was so good (though my SIL thought it was weird, and I agree, that roasted peanuts were on her banana pancakes..... yaaaahh)-The ambiance is nice - family oriented, a bit hip but not too much... casual seating and an open kitchen.. good music, lively ambiance-Their coffee was good.. and I don't usually order a coffee w/ bfast unless I grind it myself and make it myself at home.. it was very flavorful and I had it black.Things that should be corrected:-Our waitress, though very cute and sweet, was totally brain-dead.  She came by so little and very late and forgot our order or got it wrong (even after explanation of what NOT to put in the order, she got it wrong).  No bueno.-My bro was told the entire menu, save for a few things, were not available until lunch... so he ordered the burger (which wasn't included in what the 'host' gal told him was not available).. after waiting and waiting for waitress to arrive and having your heart set on this burger, you're told, 'sorry, can't for another 25min order that'.... that sucks.-Salsa is extra $... WHUH??? really??? give me a friggin break.-okay.. this one is just to point out, though it's not really their fault: the Schreiner's sausage I ordered was *bland* as heck.. no salt? no real sausage flavor.  I've had Schreiners at BLD, La Bocca, and remember it very well to be so yummy.. this was not enjoyable and I didn't even finish my 1st link, let alone my 2nd.In short, I would give it another visit since the waitress would likely be different and I know what I liked to eat...
3	If you are looking for a snob coffee barista this is your spot. I ordered a carmel macchiatto "ICED", and was told this can't be done as its traditionally an expresso with carmel and foam on the top. AS i recall being in the 21st century there was the invention of ice cubes and the barista magically was able to make this happen. Listen asshole i am from seattle and have ordered more Carmel Macchiattos "With ICE" with out some snob ass little kid defining a technical process for how coffee is made.
4	How did I not try this place sooner?!Living literally 5 minutes tops from Hillside Spot, I drove by many times and never really knew what this place was.  Man was I glad I finally got to see.Mixed between a coffee shop, breakfast joint and bar. this place has a lot to offer not to mention a mellow laid back atmosphere that I enjoyed.  The bar also looked like it had a pretty respectable selection of draft beers.  The bacon and cheese omelet I ordered was great and also had a refreshing selection of fruit to accompany it.  This is a nice spot in Ahwatukee that I will definitely try again.
4	We went for a late breakfast today. A is close to home and I really enjoy the fact that they are locally owned and use local foods. The food was great and I would have given 5 stars but the service was not great. We really enjoyed the "Hit the Spot" pancakes and the El Jeffe omelet.Will head back and try their Happy Hour for sure.
5	Fantastic food, good service and very well priced. This place was fantastic. From the freshly squeezed OJ and fresh fruit, to the perfectly made omelets. I will definitely be coming back here before I go back east.
5	Excellent restaurant/cafe in 'Tukee. Great selection of various dishes. I recently went there for breakfast and had the breakfast burrito. It was delicious!! It was a little tangy, but, perfect taste. Great service and atmosphere weather you go there for breakfast, lunch or dinner. Highly recommend!
4	My wife and I love this place for any meal of the day, whether it be breakfast, lunch, or dinner. There's always something on the menu that I can find enjoyable. I love the fact that you can get breakfast all day and their Cocina 55 menu after 4pm is excellent! The restaurant is a little small and we don't care much for their chairs, but if you're in the area and looking for something to eat, this is the place! They have tons of local beers on tap that you can choose from and you have to try their homemade chips, they're the bomb!
4	I've found another great reason to stop by on Thursday nights!  Thursday nights are craft beer night at Hillside Spot, $2.50 off all craft beers, bottles and draft.  It just so happens that this place has a pretty good selection of bottles, as well as a few good beers on draught.The food has always been great here, we stop here often for lunch over the weekends, and have never been disappointed.  With this added little bonus of craft beer night specials...you can't go wrong!
3	Have been here several times and plan to keep going as i have high hopes. I like the atmosphere -nice patio and can't wait for live music. Both service and food a bit uneven. The 50/50 sandwich/.salad is a nice option. Salads are interesting but sometimes dressing seems watery and lacks taste. I rarely eat beef except for here as the carne asada is tasty and burgers are cooked to order. My greatest complaint is that the iced tea always tastes stale.  That is my marker for a good restaurant so i am hoping they figure that out.
2	This is a nice place with a grey atmosphere. However, the breakfast options are limited, for example there are no breakfast plates with pancakes and eggs you have to order them a la carte.  Also, the wait staff  didn't pay much attention either to me or to the people on either side of me (coffee cups went empty for most of the meal). The pancakes were flat and lacked flavor, even after being doused with butter and syrup. For the price I was charged I could of had the same breakfast at Ihop or Cracker Barrel with tip included and still had money left over. I wouldn't recommend it.
5	This is by far my favorite restaurant in Ahwatukee. They have great food (nothing is frozen or microwaved), and amazing beer on tap. They also have great craft beer night on Thursday night, and you can mix and match a 6 pack for $9! Highly, highly recommend.
2	Usually the food can redeem a restaurant. Not this time. The pancakes were good, but not fluffy. When other yelpers say the service is bad, they're not lying. When we first came in, they said a 20 minute wait, which is fine on a Sunday morning. That was not an issue. There is a "market" when you first come in, I ordered an iced coffee, it took about 10 minutes to get that. Now, I can be reasonable and say that that cashier was a server and was clearing out other guests bills. But come on, if your a "market" have someone manning the register and making the items your are offering. Once we finally got seated, the server was very attentive. He got our drinks and let us discuss our what were going to order within our party. When he returned, he wrote everything down and I am assuming he entered the ticket. But he did not return to get us a refill for about 10 - 15 minutes. About 5 - 10 minutes later, someone in my party had to ask the server when we would expect our food (after we had already waited twenty minutes), he said "less than two minutes." It a came about five minutes later. I ate chilsques verdes, and at least I can be some what certain that the chicken was not from a can. I got a piece of bone in one bite and in another bite I got chicken cartilage from a drum stick. I believe if they continue to have this bad service, it will eventually bite them I'm the butt. The real reason I am giving them two stars instead if one, is because the atmosphere is very nice. The experience was way too bad for me to want to give this place after chance. Nor is the food redeeming enough. And also, for the amount of food you get, this really should be a $$$ restraunt.
5	Best breakfast spot in Ahwatukee. Amazing pancakes (try the hit the spot pancakes). Attentive/friendly service. The beer selection is hands down the best you're gonna see in town unless you want to make a trip to Bevmo. They also run different specials for lunch and dinner all the time that never disappoint.
3	I want to love this place, but as many before me have written, the service is some of the worst that I have ever had. It's as if the servers feel like they are doing you a favor by bringing your food and drink. The shame of it is that the food is really good. We would go to the Hillside a lot if the service were even just a little better. Oh well.
1	Terrible! I always want to give this place a chance but obviously I need to move on. The service is probably the worst I have ever experienced and this time the food was just as bad. I think whoever owns or operates this place didn't realize that getting in to the restaurant biz means getting in to the customer service biz. I will never ever go back unless I hear there is new management. Bummer cuz it's a cool spot.
3	I want to give this place more stars but the wait staff just brings me down. The menu is unique and tasty. I just cant get past the customer service. I have been here numerous times on Saturday and Sunday mornings when the volume is high. After the long but expected wait, you will sit at your table for another 15 minutes before server comes by just to tell you they will be back in just a few minutes. Beware of ordering a specialty coffee or tea. It may or may not come and if it does, it will be at the end of your meal.
4	The croque monsiuer (madame) and all their sopas are what I would reccomend for someone who wants to indulge in something fresh and flavorful without over indulging. My girlfriend tried the apple compote pancakes which were disappointing. We were expecting pancakes topped with  an apple jam of sorts but the topping turned out looking like they just sliced some apples and put them on top. Very big letdown but still 4/5 because of other redeeming dishes and the atmosphere that makes you feel like you are eating at a place trying to stay secret. (AKA hipster.)
4	One of the best breakfast places in the Valley, even at 3 in the afternoon on a Saturday. Fantastic prices on the a la carte menu. I can get a large, delicious pancake, a side of hash browns, and coffee for under $7. Wait staff is always rotating, but consistently friendly. Service is a bit slower on the patio than in the restaurant.
5	A nice break from the chains.  I hade a raspberry salad with chicken that was great and my mom had the burger which she really enjoyed.  One of my favorites in ahwatukee.
5	From the roasted corn, to the carne asada burrito to the savory crepe and the croque madame  you cannot go wrong!
2	No matter how good the food is or how awesome the drinks are... It comes doesn't to service..   15 min wait to get two coffees???  Too slow IN my opinion.  I'll look elsewhere from here on out
5	Love the new manager ( Omar ) always has a friendly warm smile and wonders around the place and asks "How is everything?"  A welcome change.  He is very hands on and service has improved.  The food has always been great was lacking a bit in service.  So happy with Hillside Spot 2.0 a nice upgrade
4	I am a really big fan of their food. You can tell they make their food with love and quality ingredients. Get the pancakes!!
4	We had a five-star experience, so came back less than 24 hours later. That one was more like 4 stars, so four it is. I had the Croque Madame both times. The first time, it was absolutely spectacular. Everything I wanted. Perfectly cooked, egg was runny and amazing. Just delightful. The next day, it was considerably slower inside, but my edges were slightly burnt and my egg wasn't runny at all. A little bummed at the night-and-day from one day to the next. The Mexican corn with Oaxaca was pretty awesome. Got it on recommendation of our server the second day, and was super pleased. Outrageously messy, but good. The mister got something yummy the first day which I don't remember (but clearly was good enough he didn't complain about going back the next day), and the special turkey reuben the second time. Reuben was interesting - coleslaw instead of sauerkraut. I wasn't totally sold on the idea, but he was happy with it. We sat on the back patio until our food came. The swarm of flies was tolerable when we didn't have food on the table, but I spent more time swatting them away and defending my plate than I did eating what was on it, so we moved inside. Sat inside the second day and still noticed a few flies on the window, but the experience was much more tolerable. Friendly service, tasty food, and breakfast available all day. (Super important to a third-shifter!) We'll be back.
4	This place is my local. The coffee is great, and the outdoor patio (covered with an awning) is awesome. The food is pretty good, and the menu could do with some updating on a regular basis, but I'm nitpicking. Take it for what it is - a cafe, not a gourmet dining experience. Everything is made from scratch, nothing is frozen. Yes the service can be a little inconsistent, but they try and they have a great attitude.
5	Love it.  Bread is amazing, good atmosphere and yummy fish fry on Friday nights
3	we have eaten here several times, friends like it, and I find it ok.  service is always a bit questionable, slow, and a bit out of synch including the delivery of dishes to a party of 6 - team delivery possible instead of one waiter?  my group likes the patio seating but it seems stark...they need a creative person to give t some character.  had the homemade pasta with chicken - good dish.
2	If you're a foodie like me, you will NOT be impressed by Hillside Spot. My boyfriend and I came here a couple of weeks ago for a quick lunch after a trip to Ikea. We ordered the Blue Sky burger and a salad/sandwich combo. Let me just say the chopped salad was delicious--but then again how can you go wrong if you use fresh ingredients? The grilled veggie sandwich, however was DIS-GUSTING. The veggies were sopping in oil/grease and were put on the driest piece of bread I've ever had. I couldn't believe that's what they considered the healthy option. The Blue Sky burger was no better...but then again we wouldn't know because the only flavor you could taste was the blue cheese. This place was the biggest disappointment in a long time.Overall, even with three and a half stars this place is overrated. Just sayin.
4	Really good pancakes. Really really good
3	Stopped in for lunch today.  I enjoyed the El Norteno burger.  Great chorizo.The food was four stars while the service was relaxed.   Do not stop here for lunch if you have an hour to return to the office.Great beer selection which since I was returning to the office I did not sample.
4	This is a great place to go for brunch. I like this place for several reasons first that they have really great indoor outdoor seating options which make the whole place feel larger and more comfortable. Service here the last time was a little slow, but the food was awesome. The bleu sky and El Norteno burgers are my favorite, while Liz usually gets breakfast food and loves it. The market fresh ingredients here are what won me over though and made up for the slower service.
3	We frequent hillside spot and generally love it-  I do have to say however, that I have found the food to be pretty inconsistent. There are times when I order something that I've had before and it is completely different then the last time I had it.  I know a lot of people complain about the slow service but that is actually one of the things that I enjoy about this little kitschy place- it is laid back and my friends and I can go sit for hours.  The servers are great and friendly and I love the atmosphere- I would just love to see more consistency in the food.
3	Good food, laid back, good beer choices... great place if you're looking for a sit back place to enjoy time with friends or family and want good food but don't need stellar foodie meal. The mix match 6 - pack of beer is good deal if you want something to go and keeps you from making that extra trip to liquor store. Only negative we've had here is the service can be slow. It seems they assign tables in rotation order instead of zones so wait staff is all over the place and can't attend to tables as quickly.
1	I was not impressed with this place at all. They are always packed so I thought it would be worth checking out...I was wrong. When we went it was not terribly busy as it normally is. Our service was horrible!! It took our waitress about 30 mins to even come back to take our order. I even flagged someone down to take it. The food was...eh...okay. If you are looking for larger portions...don't come here. It is expensive for what you get. I do like that they use local products, which I support. From start to finish we were there for well over an hour and a half, most of the time just waiting. It was awful. The staff acted like we were a bother to them. When I asked a girl if she could help she told me that we were not one of her tables but she would try to find someone. So, needless to say we won't be returning. It's too bad because I had high hopes for this place.
4	I absolutely adore this place.  I remember when it was a Coffee Plantation, and it's great to see it's been replaced with a hip little joint.  I visit here in the mornings with my girlfriends for coffee after a work out, and I'll sometimes grab an egg white omelet.  The service here is top notch - we've gotten to know the staff to the point where they just bring out our usual drinks.  They're always quick with a refill! I would really love to come in for dinner sometime - the menu looks fantastic and the beer selection is large and varied.It's great having such an exceptional spot to grab a bite or drink in Tukee. I'm a big fan!
5	I love this place the atmosphere, the food, the service everything is always on par.  From looking at the photos from previous years it looks like they updated from a diner feel to a hipster coffee/ brewery type feel. I love the open kitchen design, you can see your foods being made fresh. Despite the design it doesn't smell like a diner so you don't leave needing to change your cloths. The service has a laid back and friendly feel but is always pretty speedy.  Sometimes we sit at that bar and that's always really nice and kind of fun too.  We love that this place is local and supports other local businesses.  The food? Always amazing. Healthy and more indulgent options to satisfy everyone. Plus there are a lot of create your own options to satisfy even the pickiest eater. My current fave is the farmers market omelet, the hubby loves the 3 dollar plate of bacon. Definitely stop here if your out in awatukee!
2	I have tried to hold off on giving a review like this, but the Hillside Spot makes great food and has consistently the worst service I have ever been given.  Two days ago, my friend and I sat down, and were greeted fairly quickly by our waiter, he took our drink orders, quickly came back with what we had ordered, and then left us there for 10 minutes while he tinkered around the bar area, and conversed with his colleagues.  It wasn't until we left the patio and got in our cars until anyone had even recognized we were leaving (or maybe they forgot we were even out there, idk), we left enough money to pay for our drinks and peaced out.  Two months ago, I was there with a friend of mine, and her father.  At the end of our meal he requested some coffee (which is something MANY people drink after dinner), and the waiter informed us that they weren't serving coffee anymore because he had already turned the coffee pot off.  (Keep in mind, the restaurant was open for another hour, AND there is a full espresso bar there)  My friend's father asked if he would really in truly prefer having a customer go to the gas station across the street for coffee, and the terse response he got was, "You can go anywhere you want for coffee, you are just not getting it here."  The only reasoning I could have had at the time was that it was because my friend's father is South African, and they just don't like dealing with tourists, but after the other night, it's official, THIS PLACE HAS THE WORST SERVICE EVER.These people need to understand who gives them a job, whether or not the company as a whole is treating their staff like crap, and they're all disgruntled, i'm not sure, but they were definitely not overworked either time that I went in recently and received terrible service.Their Flaco Torta is great, but that's why I gave them two stars.
1	Normally the Hillside Spot is on point. Disappointingly that was not the case this evening. We we're meet at the door by a rude "dude bro" I have never seen before who told us the kitchen was closed. I say that I have never seen him before because. We eat there almost every Sunday morning after our group runs and again on Thursday nights. The funny thing is we had to walk across the parking lot and place our order at zips and post this before 8 p.m. The time they are supposed to be closing! Time to rethink our post run dinning choice.
1	There are two main reasons why I frequent  Hillside Spot in Ahwatukee.  One, because it is close to home.  And two, because is the closest location to my house that regularly carries a fairly decent choice of craft beers in my neighborhood.I've enjoyed bringing my family here, meeting friends here for craft beer nights, even conducting a few casual business meetings here.  The atmosphere is nice, the food is pretty good, but the reason I am revising my review has nothing to do with the food or the atmosphere, but more to do with the service and management.A couple weeks ago we stopped in for dinner after and evening event.  On the way out, I stopped to look at the cooler and found a couple of bombers that I thought I would take home.  One of the things I would always tell people about this place was the excellent deals offered on carry out beers.  For $8.95 you can build your own 6-pack of 12oz cans/bottles, or you can choose two bombers for the same  price, as long as you are carrying it out of the restaurant.  So, I take to two bombers to the register and a few minutes later some snarky little wannabe hipster comes to ring me up.  The first words from his mouth was that he could not sell me this one particular bomber for that price because it was a more expensive brew than the others.   I asked why they would have that beer in the same cooler with the other $8.95 bottles...but was pretty much blown off.  I mentioned that it's not really appropriate to advertise one price on the shelf and then charge another at the register....again, just a rude, non-response.So this past Friday night we stopped in again for dinner.  Again, I stopped at the cooler on the way out and found two beers to take home, thinking they must have surely fixed the issue from last time.  To my disappointment, the same snarky, hipster wannabe comes out and rudely proceeds with his spew.  I asked if he was the beer buyer for the establishment he affirmed adding that he was also an assistant manager for the place, but he was not there in that capacity on that night. Again, I asked him as a manager, if he thought it was ok to have beers being advertised for one price in the cooler, but then telling customers, 'not that one' when they bring up their choices.  Again, I got a rude non-answer.Today I would like to retract my previous reviews.  I would also like to warn any of my craft beer friends from the area who may stop by this place based on my previous recommendation.  After the rudeness I experienced here on Friday night, we will find another close-by local spot with good beers.  Perhaps Tukee's.
5	Absolutely loved this place! It's more like a casual cafe type of place but their food is delicious, healthy and affordable. They also have live music- yesterday was a young couple & they were good!Went in around 7:00p and was a bit crowded but we were able to get an outdoor seating immediately (on a warm day I would totally recommend the outdoor patio). Service was quick! We ordered and within minutes the food came out.My friend and I shared the "build your own grazers- American prosciutto w/fig jam & Brie w/tomato jam. The jams went well with the meat & cheese, so delicious!For my entree I ordered the half salad half sandwich- asado salad & vegetable torta. Both were good! The asado salad was like a Thai peanut salad. The vegetable torta was nice & warm; the bread was soft too.For dessert we shared the red velvet cake- absolutely amazing!!When we asked for the check, the waitress was able to split the check without a problem. They also serve breakfast all day!! Who doesn't love breakfast for dinner?:)
2	Want so bad to give this place a good review but I can't because if awful service. I agree about the good beer selection and food, but these people are so desperate to leave early that the waitress had to inform us 3 times that the kitchen closes in 20 mins. This all before saying hello.
5	Perfect spot for a laid back breakfast any day of the week. Staff is friendly & service is fast.Try the "El Jefe" omelet, great flavors and not too much food either...goldilocks would be pleased!
3	I went to the Hillside Spot last week with a friend last week. I had read all abut their less than stellar service, but the service was actually very good for us. We just both thought the food was mediocre. I got a burger with bacon, caramelized onions, and an egg on it and my friend got the croque monsieur. The burger was good but nothing terribly special and the fries were kind of soggy and flavorless. My friend thought the same about her food. I got a slice of chocolate cake to go and it tasted very box -ish. It wasn't bad and it was very large, but it didn't have a homemade flavor. Although this place was alright, I don't think I would be back too soon.
2	Not sure when they changed the recipe for their burgers, but based on last nights experience I won't be ordering that again!The burger was a thin, pre-made looking perfect circle that had no flavor and was bone dry. Very disappoint in considering the burgers of old were fantastic. As usual though, the guacamole was fresh and tasty with tasty chips. And the side fries are always one of my favorites. Just hold the burger next time.
4	Nice setting, good food, and good service. A nice place if you're looking for fairly uninteresting but tasty brunch-y food in the company of friends. In particular, they make a consistently good smoked chicken that is both flavorful and succulent.
2	Great food and beer But the worst service I have experienced in a long time. I had to ask another waiter for menu, and it took 15 min to receive 2 simple water.Again, food is great no doubt, however the service is poor.I believe they should hire more professional waiters as the place is popular.
5	Just tried this quaint little restaurant.... LOVE love LOVE IT !!!!  We will definitely be back !!! Food was AMAZING .... An I just love supporting local small business !
1	Horrible service followed very expensive bland food, these guys were once a great place but got a little full of themselves and down hill they go..
3	The food is delicious, people watching is superb, the jams are always fresh. Being so close to me I always want to claim it as "My Spot" but there is consistently a problem....The service sucks. They just can't seem to get it right! I always want to give them another try and every time I do, I get let down.If you don't have a group and are willing to wait a bit with the possibility of your order being messed up, I would suggest Hillside.
1	Have been here multiple times but after today,  not going back.  I expect to wait for a table, but expect to be greeted by my server sooner than 15 minutes after being seated! And even longer to get drinks and place order, and 35 minutes later got our food - for 2 people! No excuse! Although our server was very friendly, a quick word about why food was taking so long would have helped his tip. Food was ok but not great this time. Wish I would have made my own tastier breakfast instead of wasting $30 and 1 hour and 45 minutes plus drive time.
3	Looks like a really cool placeWe got there Sunday morning and it was so busy, they told us it's 15 min wait and than after 15 min they told us that the kitchen is catching up so it will take another 10 min so we got tired of waiting
4	I am going to say I have eaten here at least 30 times. It's a mile from my house, and let's face it, Ahwatukee does not have enough fresh, hip eateries. We have wanted so badly for this place to be a success that we have continued to eat here even when we have had the worst service imaginable, and even when the menu was going through its own growing pains, and even though we had some meals that were so ridiculously inconsistent it seemed impossible that the cooks were being given the same recipes.This morning we went in for breakfast, and after a short wait we were seated. The server was delightful--friendly, but she also knew instinctively when to come and go. I saw a lot of new faces among the staff, and I also saw a lot of tables turn over, which used to be next to impossible since getting a check used to be like waiting for a dr.'s appointment at the VA. I remember so many times I got up to get my own drinks or even grab my own food from the window because the server was chatting. They have also reorganized the menu, and I really like it--some of the same foods but with many more options like make your own omelets and burritos. I really hope they can keep it together. It's not like they haven't had enough complaints about the service. They know it's an issue. I hope they have found a way to solve it since we would like to continue supporting them.
1	I try to give a bussiness the benefit of the doubt, but I just can't do it anymore for this place. I have been here 4 times. Each time the service was crap. The first time I was here was on mother's day. I understand that places are busy on this day so I tried not to judge based on that visit. I went there 3 more times. Each time the place wasn't even busy! It takes forever for someone to notice you because it is a seat yourself type of place. At least it was everytime I was there. If you want a drink refilled you should order 2 drinks because it will take forever for someone to come back to your table. If you're not in any type of hurry and could care less about good service then come here. Good food but absolutely HORRIBLE service. I will never eat here again based on the service alone.
3	Although I love this restaurant and have been there 3 times in the last 30 days I have to complain about the slow service and burnt eggs!I refuse to order the eggs any more due to the constant over cooked eggs I received which limits their breakfast menu significantly! Today I enjoyed MJ's Levain & Lox which is delicious. Service was too slow though and they were not busy. I ordered coffee and the waiter didn't bring or ask me about wanting cream which should be a given. Still a great spot for lunch. Their salads and sandwiches are top notch!
4	Quality and consistency has definitely improved over the last year. The wood fired smoker/grill turns out some amazing burgers and roast chicken.  Breakfast is excellent as well. Beer selection is top notch for the 'Tuke AND you can take home a six-pack for a steal (if you pick the right ones).   Only suggestion is to get thicker patties for the burgers - the wafers are tasty but...
2	I am sad that it is always packed because ahwatukee is a wasteland of nothing but chains, so this place is dubbed hip and different, and thus continues to be packed every weekend with soccer moms and their families. As long as it is packed it won't change and it could be great. The service is almost non existent. Be prepared to wait for everything, starting with a hostess the minute you walk in. The last time I ate there I had to go get silver wear and a menu myself. The menu tries hard but doesn't quite make the mark and the prices are high. Finally, beware of the ever changing beer prices in the cooler near the entrance. Signs clearly mark that beers are 6 for $8.95, but some employees charge more for certain beers even though that are not marked as such. After spending my Father's Day morning trying to make a special six pack for my husband and getting denied even though signs are everywhere and they had not pulled these shenanigans for the same beers before, I will not be returning. The McDonalds in the parking lot would be better food and service.
4	Went to breakfast with a friend. Got the huevos rancheros, sweet crepes, and croque Madame. Very good quality overall, only downfall would be slow service however the server was friendly and professional. Will definitely keep this place in mind for breakfasts to come (:
5	Great atmosphere! Nice selection of unique food and beers...we love that it's so close to home yet feels like a trendy date place.  :-)
4	I love coming to Hillside Spot! They have delicious food and it's a great environment. I tend to get the tuna salad sandwich every time, but why mess with something so good? I defiantly recommend it or their salads! It's a great place to eat at!!
3	Most of the food here is decent.  I found a couple things I really like and stick to those.  And those couple dishes are really good.  The service here is so inconsistent though.  Sometimes it's excellent, sometimes it's just OK, and sometimes you will get seated and wait 15 minutes to even get a water.  Maybe an exaggeration, but it can really be that inconsistent.  I've been there at least a dozen times.  I'll probably go back again, but just because it is really close and affordable.  They could do better though.
5	We expected a long wait after we read the reviews before heading over for breakfast on the 4th of July...great service! And great food. Farmer's omelettes, breakfast burrittos and pancakes. We were are really impressed! We look forward to going again. But, please... Don't let the secret out about this gem! LOL
5	Visited twice now, and the food and atmosphere was amazing both times. Favorite place in the valley!
5	love the pancakes.  just took the nieces out they had chocolate chips and chocolaate syrp on the side...they must take after their favorite auntie  who send them back to the parents with the sugar buzzz
4	I love that this place has good coffee and offers almond milk (but wish they had coconut!); which is great since Ahwatukee needs to get with the times and have a lot more options for the crunchy/natural&organic/dairy-and-gluten-free crowd that is rapidly growing.  However, while they have a walk-in and take-out coffee bar, it is definitely a restaurant. There's no place to really just sit and chill. Restaurant-wise, it's a little loud, but i really like their breakfast options, which they serve all day, and they are reasonably priced.  I don't drink beer and I haven't been there for dinner, but I guess they have a lot of craft beers and wines.  I just wish there was a nice, shaded patio with misters and/or more of a sitting area for those that just want coffee.
4	Great food, but very slow service. It always takes forever to get food on the table. The place is always super busy, which I suppose is good, but don't expect to get seated too quickly. The food is delicious and I would recommend the pancakes and anything with chorizo! The hash browns are also very tasty. Nice place if you're into brunch food.
4	This place has amazing food for such a small and quaint location.  I came in with the running group and ordered the Carne Asada Torta with a side of mexican corn on the cob, and it blew me away.  Some of the best food I've had in the area!The service was a little slow, but not too terrible that would keep me from coming back.  I'm a fan!
5	We are regulars here and love it! Food is great and service is good! We've also gone at night for drinks and the bar is awesome.  Good brews on tap and a wide selection of wines. If you show up sat or Sunday around typical lunch times prepare for a wait! This is honestly a hidden gem! Also for previous reviews where they've rated the service low, this has changed. New management took over about 6 months to a year ago and they're way more on top of their waiters. Much improvement!
5	This restaurant is GREAT! I love the open kitchen. They use many local products and I have tried the entire breakfast menu. It is not a huge menu but what is on it is very high quality. Can't get enough! Coffee is sometimes cold, but I still give 5 stars.
1	We came here with a group of our friends for Sunday brunch. Upon checking in with the hostess we were told the wait will be 25 min.  after 45 min we asked how much longer we had to wait. The hostess said "we are working on it!"I reminded her how long we have been waiting and she told me she's going to get a manager. The manager Omar told me he can have us seated at 2 separate tables but that we couldn't put them together (no given explanation as to why when I asked, he simply ignored us) that's when we decided to leave. I still couldn't figure out why we didn't get our table but as we were leaving I overheard the hostess talking. Omar the manager told them to not put tables together for large parties but to seat as many 2-4 tops as possible because they were easier and faster! The WORST customer service I've experienced in a restaurant and I've been in the industry of fine dining for 10 years. Get a new manager and retrain your staff never coming here again
5	Great place. Once we discovered it we have been going back non-stop! We particularly enjoyed the coffee; not sure what coffee they use but it's absolutely delicious, especially the capuccinos and mocha's. They also serve it in these nice mugs, which just adds to the experience. I highly recommend it! However, the staff tended not to be too experienced in making their coffee so there were often some variations in size of the coffees, milk used, whether or not they added whipped cream etc. I recommend that the cafe managers to capitalize on their delicious coffee by training each waiter to make a consistent coffee and by asking the same questions consistently (does the customer want whole milk, skim milk, etc.?) and by advertising it as one of the cafe's strengths. Again, I haven't had coffee this good in quite a while.
5	Always a good place with a hip vibe.  Healthy, yummy and fun.  Something for everyone and a good mix of people.  Great outdoor patio seating area as well.
5	I love this quaint restaurant! I have so much fun eating here because the choices on their menu are unique, yet familiar. I adores my tuna salad sandwich and my daughter loved her classic pb&j. Our server, David, was very friendly and accommodating, and out my daughters order in first so she could eat faster!
1	There are so many reasons to avoid this place, but I'll be short.Go to Nellos, it will save you the hassle.1. Poor service - the first time to contact was around 10 to 15 minutes. There were no apologies. The server noticed us after we started making forts out of menus.2.  Two servers noticed us, but went on their merry way.3. Inaccurate beer list - I get excited about beer. They didn't have 3 beers on their menu. The server didn't know what they had in stock.4. Overpriced beer - $9 for beer you can get for $6 at Bevmo.5. Flies - holy Pete Sampras, a crap load of flies. We had to eat fast just so the flies wouldn't get our food.We went to Dairy Queen across the street to make up for the horribleness.
2	What was once a wonderful establishment where you could come and hangout with your friends and enjoy fine dining (breakfast, brunch and lunch too) is now something tasteless. I mean that quite literally. I use to come here several times a week because my friends were working here and we all lived nearby so we'd spend a lot of time eating up the menu. I notice their corns are still a hit! But upon moving back recently from college, I wanted to give it a try since it been a few years. The reason I am not giving this place 1 star is because our waitress was very sweet. I can't remember her name but she was a pretty blonde girl with glasses, we adored her! She was so prompt, kind, and had a great personality. Now for the food. I have always ordered the carne asada sandwich. I ordered it recently and there was absolutely no flavor. What once use to be a delicious carne asada that had this flavorful marination and sauce that would drip as you took a bite is now a very dry, disgusting, plain, no-good sandwich. I mean really? I am paying a little over $9 for a sandwich that has dried up steak meat with avocado thrown on top? and french fries that were plain and dry. No thanks. My boyfriend ordered a chicken sandwich with corn on the side. His chicken was not only over-cooked and super dry, I am pretty sure there was NO sauce in his sandwich either. It had no flavor, we were using the tobasco and chalula sauce like crazy. This isn't the Hillside Spot I remember. The only good thing? The coffee was great, the corn was awesome, and our waitress was a sweetheart.
5	I had the chopped salad for lunch today.  It was delicious!  The service was very good, too.
4	I love this place from head to toe.... for the menu, decor, waiters and manager. The menu has something for everyone and is done well. Maybe not perfect but better than average. The staff is always friendly and efficient. My favorite breakfast is the farmers omelet and a side pancake, if you must know.
4	I'm not a local but I stop by here almost every time I'm in town. It's easy to pickup some delicious food (and desserts shhhh...). I like the outdoor seating to dine in some of the cooler months. Note:The last time I was there I saw that they use Guittard chocolate in their desserts.. Guittard chocolate is made in my hometown in northern California and if you've ever had a SEE'S candy those are made strictly with the same stuff. I'd say it's a pretty quality place but maybe I'm just biased.
5	One of my favorite spots to eat in Ahwatukee.  I love how they use a lot of locally sourced ingredients.  Food is very consistent and everything I have tried has been very good.  I highly recommend the Asado Salad, the Suki Rice Bowl (with spicy tuna), the pulled pork sandwich & the corn on the cob.  Great for breakfast also.
5	Loved this place! We were looking for a burger, patio type place that served beer and for the most part we would feel welcome with our toddler. This  place was awesome. It looks like this place may be hit or miss, but it was an absolute hit with us.  We were promptly seated, offered a kids menu  and drinks and the waitress checked in on us as soon as we sat down. We thought the service was great. My husband had a flavorful and juicy burger that we both raved about and my rice bowl (I know-weird selection) was delicious and fresh. We were very impressed and can't wait to try brunch.  I'm a huge yelp reader, but I never write reviews and after our experience tonight I was compelled to say that I sure hope this place  keeps it up because our experience was  just what we hoped for on Friday night!
5	Hillside Spot is spot-on perfection! First time visiting for brunch this morning & the experience was seamless from start to finish. Super busy but the wait for a table was not super long. My nonfat latte was a treat for the eyes & the taste buds! The El Jefe omelet with sourdough toast was a great combo of meat & veggies - not too heavy and perfectly seasoned. My boyfriend raved about his peach green iced tea & banana pancakes. Our only note is our waitress took quite a while to bring our check at the end of the meal, but she was covering several tables.
3	Food was great- had a Croque Madame. Sat outside, but flies were TERRIBLE! You literally couldn't stop waving your hand or one would land on your face or food. I looked around, they were everywhere, even inside. I realize we're outside but really, something could be done I think- or at least an apology for them. Bathrooms are okay- no seat covers. Great art hanging on the wall!
3	Food is great, atmosphere is fun and "young". Only thing I hate is the service is always slow...everyone is nice and friendly, but we never come here when we are in a rush...
3	I have been here alone, with family (child included), friends, and with my significant other alone. Coming from someone who has been here various times throughout the day I can say that typically the quality of food is fresh and tasteful, but about two months ago we stopped in around 11 A.M. only to encounter a horrible experience. The food was stale and tasteless. The servers stood around appearing to laugh sarcatiaclly while water glasses at several tables stayed empty and coffee cups continued to lack refills. A Few weeks later we returned. The food and service were better but there are some staff and one manager that clearly don't enjoy their jobs (turn off). This place is usually good but when it's bad-it is really bad.Wifi-the consistently reliable wifi is reason enough to come here and give it an extra star.
3	Hillside spot has a great quality of food. However, it's very popular, so pretty much any time you go, there is going to be a wait. And not just at the front. It takes a long time for your servers to take your order once you are seated, and a long time for your food to come out once your order is taken. If they could move a little faster, this place would be a true gem.
3	Having lived in Ahwatukee for 15 + years,  I have enjoyed Hillside Spot on several occasions.  I love the "local" vibe and great food.  What I didn't like on my last two visits (lunch last week and breakfast this morning)  is the feeling of dirtyness all around me.  I watched someone grab a rag from a square bucket sitting on the ground,  ring it out,  wipe down a table and then drop the rag back into the bucket (half in and half out with part of the rag touching the floor) repeat this same process throughout our meal.  (see photo). The fans are very dirty,  bathrooms are very dirty.  These are the areas that we as customers can see... Makes you wonder what we don't see.  The age and vintage feel of the restaurant is great.  Love that it's a part of the history of Ahwatukee,  but it doesn't have to be dirty.  It doesn't cost anything to clean... I really enjoy this restaurant and would love to come back,  but not sure if I will until I know they change the cleanliness.
2	I'm writing this review having just left the Hillside Spot. We waited well over the 40 minutes they said it would take to be seated and when they said we were up next they still sat other groups before us.The first thing my husband said when we were walking to our table, was "this place looks dirty".  (We should have left then) There were crumbs on the ground, the restrooms were dirty and at one point, one of the waitresses dropped a knife, kicked it out if the way but NEVER bothered to pick it up.  When we finally ordered it took another 20 minutes to get our appetizers then 20 more to get our meals. While we waited for our food, we saw the girl at the table next to us get a cup of coffee with complimentary lipstick stains on the rim.  That's just gross! The food was simply not worth the wait.  Small portions left the family disappointed and hungry for more... but not from there.  We will not be returning any time soon.   Save yourself the time & disappointment. ... go somewhere else. They only got a two because the waitress was helpful and very apologetic for the delay...we know it's not her fault that the kitchen is slow.
5	Hillside Spot is awesome! I have only been here a couple times but the food and service haven't disappointed! The first time I sat inside and the second I sat out on the patio. I'd say the patio was my favorite, lots of shade and the service didn't lack. I've enjoyed both breakfast and lunch here and both have been great! I'm looking forward to trying out their happy hour on Thursdays next!
3	Food was amazing. Service was awful. We barley saw our waiter and the bus boy took our waters from us when we had finished but were still talking.
2	I wanted to like it..... The food is ok. Service was lacking. From the first moment the waiter only bothered to take drink orders from 3 of the 4 of us. Then the food order came; one of the orders was wrong and the response was "You don't want it?!" You don't want this meal you did not order? No we wanted what we ordered. Disappointed is really where I am on this one. Oh and the chop sticks my wife got with her meal was actually just a chop stick, yep just one stick. Maybe they will upgrade the staff or teach some manners. Either one would be better than where they are now.
2	So badly, do I want to give these guys five stars. And each time I visit I am hopeful for a better experience.  Unfortunately, this place has consistently poor service.  Long waits for food, incorrectly taken orders and generally inattentive servers are just a few of the problems.  What continues to frustrate me more than anything is the beer cooler in the front of the store, and the borderline dishonest pricing advertised.   Above the cooler on a chalk board they advertise two of the bombers to go for $8.99*.  Select bottles do not apply.  But they don't label the prices!  You don't find out that both bombers you chose were exempt from the deal until you are making the purchase.  I've mentioned this frustration  to the staff in the past, only to be rudely spoken down to by someone claiming to be an assistant manager and one of the beer buyers.If this place wasn't just a couple blocks from my home I would have never returned after my initial bad experience.  But they are close and convenient, and at certain times they are the only alternative to fast food in the immediate area.  Their food has been pretty good for the most part....I just wish they could get their service and their craft beer issues solved so I can start recommending this place to friends again.
3	First time today with my girlfriend and I'm torn.. I love the concept and the craft beer selection and atmosphere can't be matched. They are definitely doing something right in that department. In other areas not so much... Our service wasn't very great nothing against Our server she was very friendly but just not very good... Took about 10-15 minutes to get a drink order yes it was a Saturday lunch but it wasn't exceedingly busy. She didn't mess anything up but just was not very attentive I feel like we saw more of the bussers and other servers bringing us drink/food then her and trust me we aren't picky people I work in the industry but that's just basic hospitality. Food got delivered we had no utensils... I ordered the bbq burger which was very good and my girlfriend enjoyed her burger as well which was a plus although my burger was missing the pickles it said it came with. I definitely will be back because the food is good and I love the craft beer selection but the service could use some work
3	Great food, But patio furniture sucks. Makes for an uncomfortable and dirty kind of feeling. Now I was there about a month ago so I'm not sure if they got new furniture but overall awesome worth another visit
4	If had breakfast at this Ahwatukee spot three days in a row. Weekends are busy but the hostess offered seating at the bar. We waited for a table. The chiliquilas were better than expected. The El Jefe was as advertised.  When I ordered the huevos rancheros I got a pancake on the side. The pancake was fantastic and the ranchero is salsa was great. Service was mentioned in previous posts it was good. Busy restaurants have longer ticket times for your meals on way a busy Saturday morning.
4	I've had a bit of a roller coaster ride with this place but I loved the highs so much I kept going back. I'm so glad I did...I had a few questionable take out experiences and once my order hadn't even been started when I showed up 15 minutes after I called?? Everyone just kind of stood around and looked at me confused. Anyway that was about 2 years ago....Recently everything has been spot on ;) I'm such a huge huge fan of every salad I've had from here. My go to's are the derby and spot chop salad. Also have enjoyed the burgers, veggie sandwich, and pancakes. Food has never let me down and the new management (I think Omar) seems to have turned the place around! Currently loving it....!!
3	My family and I just found this spot. It's a local place so we decided to give it a try. We have been there 3 times with today being our latest venture. We absolutely love the food but the employees just bring this place down. I sat at watched the food runner mope around looking half asleep and hating his job. He kicked the door open every time he went to the patio. His shoe prints were all over the door. He came inside once and pulled the door open so hard it actually hit the customer on the outside. He was taking food to the patio and he cut off some customers who were being seated. When he brought our food he asked if we needed anything else and my husband asked for more Splenda and he was CLEARLY annoyed with that request (he brought 2 packets). I cant believe this place is ok with this kind of "customer service". All three times we have been here we have had terrible waiters. The upside to today's meal was the girl who took our plates when we were finished. Very nice girl and did more for us than our own waitress. I'm all for supporting local businesses but you need to earn my business. Just because you are local to me doesn't mean I won't cross the freeway to Crackers where I can get better customer service. We decided today we will give it one more chance then we're done. I hope it doesn't dissapoint.
4	I really like this place.  Haven't had anything here that I don't like.  Today I'm trying their BBQ Chicken Salad.  The kitchen is open and visible.  They get busy at lunch, but you can always sit at the bar. The wait usually isn't too long if you want a table.  They have a very nice selection of beers.  Great place to meet up after work with some friends.
5	Delicious and fresh option in the ahwatukee area. I got a 1/2 sandwich 1/2 salad and it was delish. Maybe a little too healthy, next then I will try an entree and/or a desert.
2	One star for the quality of food, and one star for the great coffee. If only the service were improved, I would happily offer a 5 star rating. We've been going there infrequently for about 14 months, mostly because I like good coffee. Finally after the fourth bad service experience I've decided to look elsewhere. Two cups of coffee were luke warm by the time they reached us and the slice of cheesecake to share came so much later we had nearly finished our coffee. Two things perplex me. Firstly, there were only 3 other tables with customers at the time (mid-afternoon on a weekday so not exactly buzzing with customers) and secondly, having cleared our own table of previous customer's plates (moved to an adjacent table), the waitress ignored those dirty plates along with others on tables nearby, which was bizzare since she walked past them 4 times. Finally, we had to go looking for the waitress to get the check since she never once checked in with us to see if we had everything we needed. I'm so terribly disappointed.
2	First get there, hostess wasnt very nice. Took our name then sat next 2 partys to walk in right away? Ok was in a hurry so didn't have time to send my food back but really I ordered an omelet with 2 ingredients, not tough. And you forget the bacon, of all things. But you had no problem charging for it. I wanted to like this place!
2	Interesting place. Expansive menu. They apparently take pride in the ingredients in their food, which is a good thing.Just don't tell them that you're under any sort of time constraint, as they really don't seem to care, despite the fact that it was mentioned *several* times. I wouldn't recommend it for lunch during the week on your lunch hour, even if "lunch" happens to be 2:00 PM. On a Tuesday. I'm guessing that the slow service is because they take the time to let your food die from natural causes, painlessly, in its sleep, before cooking it up and serving it to you. Honestly, I'm kind of disappointed, especially after the rave reviews that friends had given it.When I checked in, the Yelp app asked me if Hillside Spot was "hipster"; I guess that sums it up. They're not worried about "the man's" bourgeois constructs like "time" and "work".In short- food... Good. Service... Good. Attention to time constraints... Needs work.
5	Always friendly, great for breakfast & lunch! Outside seating with fire pit or inside seating with lots of options. Extensive beer menu! Wifi option. Dog friendly :-) & bike parking.  We love to come here on a sat or sun afternoon, however be prepared there might be a wait. This is definitely an AZ one of a kind dinning experience...come and check it out for your self :-)
4	I've come here for breakfast a couple times. Service is always good and I like that it's a local place with good ingredients. I like to get the lox and levain open-face sandwich.
4	Boy have they improved since they opened!  I just met a friend here for brunch this morning and it was great. We both had mimosas which were excellent and I had some egg white omelet loaded with fresh veggies. I'm proud to have this great restaurant right in my hood!
