1	It's sad that in a small town like ours that we can't get good service. What happened to the whole small town feel where people are usually more friendly than other places?We were going to the county clerk to turn in our forms for our business license. My friend was there and we went there close to closing. The three of us had to be there to sign this form in front of them. The people there were staring my friend down with a look like, are you serious? Why are you still here? The guy at the counter stared her down and told her, "30 seconds~ (pointing at his watch), we don't get paid overtime here" and then kicked her out as soon as we arrived at 4:58 (they close at 5pm! and we had to just sign the one form in front of them). Man, that was so rude! We went to a notary afterwards instead. We were toting 3 little babies with us too trying to run around because they kicked us out 2 minutes early. I think they have no compassion to kick out someone when she's holding a baby in one arm and the papers in another with a diaper bag just because you can't wait more minute to stay at your job! And then my other friend went back the next day to drop off the form and she said she had really bad service also! My goodness! Okay, just wanted to let fellow yelpers know about our experience~
5	Mark Sheldon has some good people working for him.Yesterday, I got a call at 4:08 telling me that we needed to get a certain document TODAY. A cursory check of the website indicates the typical government office closing time of 4:30pm (probably the source of Hannah M.'s issues...). I grabbed the info I needed and hopped on my bike and bolted straight there. From downtown Champaign to the Brookens Center via Raleigh takes all of 18 minutes or so and I was sweating balls. I even cut thru the soccer fields. I ran around the center like Benjamin Braddock until I found the right place. They were (predictably) wrapping up. But I was humble and polite and guess what? They took care of me. Of course what I needed wasn't nearly as easy as it sounded on paper because of unforeseen issues, and the folks behind the counter had to jump through more than one hoop to make it happen, but they went that distance for me and they stuck around past close. IMMD.
5	Gordy Hulten is doing a great job of reaching out to different community groups, including students.  The clerk's office recently hosted a voter registration training for students to make sure the process was efficient and fair.  I'm very impressed with this office.
