1	This place (owned by a different group of people) just opened up today, taking over what was once Sushi Hut.Oh, god.They have a roll named "Lady GaGa." Let that sink in for a few seconds. "Lady GaGa." Gives new meaning to tuck and roll, I guess.I still went through and got a katsudon--only to find out I can't actually eat it because it has onions on it (I have a food allergy) because it wasn't stated on the menu. Is this my fault? Yes and no. I should have done what everyone with food allergies should do--ask. However, I also believe it's kind of important to have that information on the menu just in case! Because food allergies aside from milk and peanuts, do, in fact, exist.It's new, and I'm probably being way too harsh by only offering one star because maybe it's just an opening fluke--but the few bites I can take out of this that aren't covered in onion just aren't satisfying. It's tough, it's chewy, and it doesn't have a good taste at all. I'm just kind of disappointed and hungry all the way around.
1	My friends wanted to try it out, I warned them against it. I caved because maybe it was just first day fluke.After the waiter brought us items we didn't order (and still charged us for them), didn't bring us what we had ordered, was extremely slow in serving us, overcharged me, and charged one of the other girls twice (albeit an apology was given from the waiter, nothing like "Oh, have something small and cheap free on the house the next time you come in!" or any other method of good customer service was offered), and the owner just kind of stood there the entire time doing nothing as this was going on other than saying she didn't know how to fix it--My friends agreed with me. Sucks to be us.
2	First off, I'm really unsure as to whether this is actually a new business, or if the people who named their restaurant "Sushi Hut" are trying to escape the low-rent connotations (and history of bad publicity).  As far as I can tell, there was no down time at all between sushi restaurants in the same location.  On the other hand, when I met a friend for lunch there yesterday, the menus were labeled "Edo Garden," which as far as I know is not a restaurant that exists in Madison (not to be confused with Edo).  Anyway, to sum up: it might be slightly better than/a different restaurant from Sushi Hut, but I don't plan to go back.Pros: I will say that the service was miles better than what my spouse and I experienced the one time we visited Sushi Hut.  The waiter was nice, and kept our hot tea topped up.  He also split our check without us even asking, and unlike at Sushi Hut, we were not required to wait in line to pay.  The lunch special is $11 for only two rolls (it's $10 at Takara a couple of blocks up), BUT you get both miso soup and a small garden salad with that (at Takara you have to choose).  I had the gyoza as an appetizer, and they were excellent by my standard--which is to say, they reminded me of the ones I used to buy at Family Mart down the street from the Tokyo YWCA when I studied abroad.  Definitely not fancy, but yummy.Cons: The lunch sushi roll menu is limited, and they don't even have a three roll option.  Crunchy spicy tuna wasn't on it, although I got special dispensation from the chef to have it with the lunch special.  However, it was disappointing.  I like spicy tuna to have all the ingredients mixed together--tuna, spicy mayo, and tempura flakes blended, then made into sushi.  Here, they do a tuna roll and drizzle the mayo and sprinkle the flakes on top.  I know other places do something similar, but the tuna is SO bland that it still tastes bland even with the spicy mayo.  Also, the spicy mayo had an extremely sweet undertaste which I did not enjoy at all.  I also got the sweet potato tempura roll, and the sauce they used on it was VERY sweet--tempura rolls typically get a somewhat sweet sauce, but this was way too much.  Overall, I had no desire to finish my rolls, because they were both way too sweet.Minor gripes: They put ice water in tea mugs.  Who does that?  It's especially annoying if you're actually drinking tea out of an identical mug.  Also, they don't have the usual rectangular dishes for soy sauce/chopstick rests, which wouldn't be so bad if they gave you disposable chopsticks so that you could make your own rest out of the wrapper, but they don't--they give you heavy plastic sticks, with nothing that you can actually put them on.  We had two courses and had to put our utensils on the bare table in between, which is GROSS.Based on the gyoza, I suspect this might actually be a halfway decent place for non-sushi Japanese options: gyoza, maybe ramen (god, if they'd do a real ramen place on State Street it would be AWESOME), yaki soba, etc.  But much like Sushi Hut (and this contributes to my suspicions about this being a cosmetic overhaul), I feel like they have the technical skill to make sushi fine, but they just combine stuff in such a way that it's totally unappealing.  Takara is two blocks away, cheaper, and makes far superior sushi.
2	I'm trying to find a good sushi place that isn't too pricey that I can order delivery from - after Osaka, I will keep looking.I ordered a crunchy scallop roll, spicy salmon roll and a New York roll (tuna and avocado) for delivery - $1 delivery charge and pretty quick (30 min) delivery was great.  $25 for 3 rolls - pretty good.  But the actual sushi??  Not so much.I don't know what was missing but all the rolls were very bland.  I couldn't even really distinguish by taste which was tuna, which was salmon, etc.  They all tasted the same - of nothing.  The crunch was dried panko on top of the roll - not too tasty.  I would say try some other places first if you want that mouth-watering sushi taste that makes you crave it - because it isn't here.
1	Pros: The (new, I think) owner of this restaurant is clearly trying to make this restaurant run well.  He is attentive, polite, and courteous.  Cons: The sushi.  I've only tried the spicy tuna hand roll.  I have to agree with the previous poster-- it was nasty.  Rather than mixing the ingredients together you get tuna with a gross glob of mayo on top.  The sickening sweetness that undercuts whatever spiciness there may have been comes from the rice, I think.  Nasty.
5	I don't know why this place has so many terrible reviews, I love it! I will point out a one thing though, all of these reviews were written much earlier in the year and I think it has changed ownership recently. Apparently this has made it much better, though I never saw it before as I just moved to town a few months ago.What do I love about Osaka? Most of all I think it is great that they have a dance club upstairs that is open to 2am! Most of the time when I go there ironically it is to dance, not to eat. Though on that note I have eaten there several times and I think the food is good. I will be the first to admit that I am not exactly a sushi connoisseur, but I have always gotten great service and been satisfied with what I had. It is a little expensive but I never thought it was outrageous. By the way, they make sushi till late as well (at least 2, probably even later, I have eaten there right at bar closing time), so if you want a fun night go dance and drink upstairs then come down after and have some sushi!
4	The restaurant is actually quite nice. I was scared by the former awful reviews but it turns it out I have a nice dinner. :) udon tastes good with lots of scallop. Sushi is not bad at all. Just the sushi soy sauce is so salty. Overall great! Will definitely come back.
2	Yelp reminded me to review this place, because apparently I checked in here recently. After looking over this place, I was thoroughly lost as to when I've checked in. I don't recall having sushi recently. Then I remembered... It was Friday night, and we've just about visited every bar on State Street before we wanted to go dancing. We didn't know where to go, until a friend recommended this place.And by "recommended," I mean he drunkenly slurred the name of this place with the word dancing thrown in there. So anyways, we get here, and it's actually a sushi house. Ok, sketched out a little, but no problemo. Then we walk through the kitchen area (I kid you not, we were legit walking through the kitchen while people around us were whipping up California rolls like nobody's business), until we reach a dingy set of stairs. Ok, at this point, we're getting more sketched out, but someone yelled out yolo (probably a drunk me), so we had to continue on.After going up the stairs, the door person asked for our IDs and literally did the fastest mathematical calculations I've ever seen. He basically scanned our IDs for a second, handed it back to us and let us in. I mean, this dude either has photographic memory, or is super overqualified for his job.Anyways, we went in the club (???), which was basically a bar, a cramped area next to the bar (the dance floor, I believe) and the actual dance floor being occupied by the DJ and his ginormous set. The crowd was basically Snooki's gang, with one or two peeps as confused as we were.Upon seeing the clientele, I immediately turned around, mouthed the word "nope" to my friends, and left.However, having said all that (mostly negative things), going through the back of a Sushi kitchen to reach a what should have been Asian themed club filled with Jersey Shore people was a once-in-a-lifetime-experience.I'd definitely recommend you guys to go at least once, just to be able to cross that off of your bucket-list.Otherwise, stick to the more erm.. established venues
5	I haven't read the reviews for Osaka House.  I found it by simply searching out good Sushi on State Street.  I've since been there many times and have never had a poor experience.  It is small but when the weather permits, sitting outside on the sidewalk and watching the street life makes for an awesome experience.  Tao (the owner) is ever present and extremely attentive.  He has always been very helpful in making suggestions on different rolls and I, nor my guests, have ever been disappointed.  The price for what you get is, in my opinion, a great value.  I sent an out-of-towner and her guest there and they agreed, it was fantastic.  Tell Tao that Brian sent you and have a great experience!
1	Three problems:1.  Can I get a fork?  I know I'm not supposed to, but I don't have the patience to eat the whole meal with chop sticks I can barely use at my desk.2.  I only ordered two things, and both were supposed to be hot.  Neither were.  3. My one roll was all squishied in this little tupperware container with the ginger and wasabi.   I had to grab the wasabi with my napkin so I didn't have to use the one set of chopsticks (granted I did not mention to leave out the stuff, but still).  Plus, squishied roll.  This was all while the dumpling things I ordered were kickin' it in style in the cute little aluminium thing with plenty of room.  I'm disappointed to say the least.
2	This is one mediocre Japanese Restaurant  (Osaka House, not cheap - came up to 39 including tip for an average tonkatsu) It's because the woman got cold, became whiny and refused to walk a few more steps to the Mediterranean one. I'd never be caught dead in a place under 3.5 stars unless it's Christmas Eve or New Year's Eve. Restaurant bar was terribly empty.Avoid! Tourist trap.
5	Yum! Service is fast and efficient, better than most sushi restaurants I've been to in California! I recommend the Lady Gaga & Fashion rolls! Best rolls my husband and I have ever had!
3	The sushi here is pretty darn good! I've been 3 times and have enjoyed it immensely. The place is a little rickety... not the nicest, and I definitely don't suggest taking a trip to the downstairs restroom. It's kinda nasty/smelly on the lower level. The prices are a tad high. Buuut other than that I've been happy! This place is home of my all-time favorite sushi roll- the Osaka Roll: shrimp tempura, avocado, pepper white tuna and sweet shrimp garnished in a mayo and fish roe. SUPER DELISH! Definitely recommend it.
2	I usually order the chicken teriyaki bento box every time I go to restaurants like this one, but never again am I going to order the bento box from here. It was not as delicious as other places I have gone to in the past and costs more too! The chicken looked like a piece of chicken breast that I could've easily bought from the store and just grill it whole quick then cut and stirred into teriyaki sauce. Nothing special to it. The service was OK, they forgot to give me the side dishes that came along with the bento box and I had to remind them. Other than that, the sushi is good. I'll go here again but only strictly for sushi.
