3	My husband had coupons for Boardhouse, which is fairly new and near our house, so we decided to give them a shot for lunch on Saturday. The coupon we had was for two shortboard specials for $9.99. Shortboard specials consist of a sandwich (turkey, ham, tuna or roast beef), side and drink and are usually $6.29 if I remember the menu correctly. I decided to go with the tuna sandwich and my husband had the turkey. He was offered his choice of mustard, yellow or brown. Otherwise the sandwiches were pretty basic... meat on bread with lettuce, tomato and onion. There were other sandwiches on the menu that looked far more creative and tasty, with toppings like sunflower seeds, mango chutney and cream cheese but alas, they were not eligible for the shortboard combo. I did like the sub roll our sandwiches were served on. My husband would have preferred wheat bread... Which may have been an option, we didn't ask, nor were were offered bread choices. We both got potato salad for our side, it was fresh and tasty. They use red potatoes and leave the skins on, which can be a turn off for some people but we didn't mind at all. Overall I wasn't super impressed, but on the way out we saw a sign that said on Sundays sandwiches are buy one get one free. So I will be back to try one of the more creative sandwiches on the menu on a Sunday in the future. They also had chocolate covered bananas on the menu, didn't try them but I was tempted!
2	The sandwiches were just okay.  There are a lot better sandwich shops around town.  I went there because I got a coupon in the mail. 2 for 1.  I dont recommend this sandwich shop unless you are starving and have no place else to go.
2	My bf saw this place and it reminded us of our days of living in San Diego and guess what it was exactly like a sandwhich shop in San Diego - OVERPRICED and not what you expected. I was very dissapointed in this place to be quite honest with you. It was a regular sandwhich you could make at home, nothing special. The entire time I was wishing I'd ordered something else or gone to Subway, lets be honest. For the same price we could have gotten 2.5 footlongs and had lunch AND dinner for a few days. Ah well. They send coupons in the fliers pretty regularly but I am just not  tempted to go back yet. maybe in the near future I will give them another try. The best thing about the sandwich was avocado. but I can buy that nxt door @ Albertson's.
4	3.75 stars for Boardhouse Subs. I'm rounding it up to a 4. I've never been so conflicted when writing a review before. Usually I know when I leave the restaurant what kind of experience I had. I write a pretty fair review, I think, and consider all the factors. So I'm going to break it down and write a long review because of my own internal struggles. Because as I'm writing this, I haven't selected how many stars I'm giving it. I'm going to talk myself into a rating. I've got five categories I'll rate Boardhouse in.Service - Quick, friendly cashiers never rush you or make you feel like you're an idiot for asking questions. I've only had good things to say about them. In my recent visit I had purchased a deal from LivingSocial off my Iphone. It clearly states on the app that you can print the voucher or bring in your iphone (same way Groupon works). The cashier struggled with this concept, nervous to accept anything but a printout. She balked and nearly refused me use of the credit. She ended up accepting it - good thing she did, because I would have turned around and left... and not batted an eyelash at giving them a one star rating. You simply do not allow your business to be on LivingSocial and not accept a paid-for voucher. But she accepted it after a few moments of hemming and hawing. Good for her.Quality - On the sandwich scale, about a four (out of five). MUCH better quality than Subway, or even Port of Subs. Not as good as say, Capriotti's or other specialty delis. Equally as good as some of the other 4 star sandwich shops on yelp. The turkey is roasted, sliced thick, breads are yummy, condiments fresh, etc.Price - Okay, they're overpriced. Even expensive. We picked out two bottled sodas, two bags of chips, and two whole sandwiches (you can choose whole or half portions). He got "The Original" with turkey and roast beef (extra charge), normal veggies, and cheese (extra charge). I got the Chicken Bruschetta. We both thoroughly enjoyed our meals, but before the voucher it came to $24 something. UM, WHAT? We could eat out at a medoicre family restaurant for that. However, last time I was in Port of Subs I remember paying almost nearly this much and I wasn't as impressed... hmmm... Atmosphere - Adorable, cute little corner shop next to Albertsons. Cute decor, easy to read menu. Frequented by firemen, police, and other blue collar workers. I like this place. Clean, inviting, certainly a place I feel comfortable in.Return Business - Would I come back? If I was craving a really good hot sandwich, yes. I might gravitate more toward Heidi's Brooklyn Deli on a daily basis because of their price difference... but I'd come back here for a Chicken Bruschetta. With the deal we purchased from LS - hell yes. Added Bonuses: *** Kids Menu: Hooray for family-friendly! Three low-priced items on their kids menu. *** Frozen, chocolate covered bananas. *** Great bottled drink selection with fountain drink option.Okay, talked myself into 4 stars.
3	The Philly Cheesesteak was different but good.  It wasn't steak, but roast beef heated.  The bread and cheese were great which balanced out the overall sandwich.  I wouldn't recommend the hot chicken sandwich, it was too strange; with hot and cold making the sandwich lukewarm.  The sauce was so runny the bread got instantly mushy and impossible to eat without making a huge mess.  I ordered it because they didn't have any kind of Italian sub (except a turkey sub with Italian dressing; that doesn't count) and it looked like it would be similar to a Pesto Chicken Parm sandwich; it wasn't.  The peanut butter cookie was overcooked and hard.  They did have good Kettle cooked chips though.  The value was good; for two sandwiches, a cookie, chips, and a drink the total was only $14.  I thought it was fair.  The decor was fun and reminded me of a beach shop in California.  A decent sandwich; I would visit again, but I wouldn't go out of my way.
4	Best Club Sub around!They're totally generous with the meat portions, the bread is soft and fresh.I don't doubt the other sandwiches offered are just as delicious. Way better than any Subway, Quizno's or Jimmy John's.
5	Got the Woody.....Thanksgiving on bread Excellent!!!!!!
2	Sundays have now become, my official Yelp day.  I'm going to drive around my area and check out some spots I pass everyday so I have more options to blog about.  Today, a last chance decision brought me to this place, as I go to Albertson's right around the corner.  Walking into this place, let me just say that it seemed promising.  The place is quaint, clean and the "Hawaiian-hang loose-type" decor reminds me of home.  "Why is it that I haven't been here before?" That's the question I kept asking myself.  I was greeted by a Polynesian-looking girl who took my order.  The menu was mounted on the wall behind her.  I loved the simplicity of choices.  They had hot and cold sandwiches to choose from as well as a kiddie menue.  Here's what I tried:Pastrami-Nami- Whenever I try out a new sandwich shop, my experience is ALWAYS determined by the type of pastrami sandwich they offer.  This visit was no difference.  Their pastrami-nami said it contains thick cuts of pastrami, sandwiched between two slices of Rye bread, accompanied with brown mustard and cole slaw.  Done and done.  I chose the whole sandwich, Lay's chips and a soda.  Uhh...maybe the ambiance would have made my sandwich experience better.  I decided to take my lunch home so I could get an unbiased opinion of the sandwich and not persuaded by the ambiance LOL.  The only thing I could say was that I've have much better experiences with pastrami sandwiches...like from Subway.  True, the pastrami was thick, but dry.  The Rye slices were super thick and not a combo I would have chosen for my sandwich.  The cole slaw was premade and tasted a little old, to me.  In other words, I've had better.  Thank goodness for the mustard, or that sandwich would have been a complete bust for me.  To top it off, the entire meal, counting tip, was about 13 dollars!  A little excessive for a mediocre experience.To be completely fair, there was a nice size crowd in this place.  Everyone seemed to be enjoying each other's company and the restaurant.  I really appreciate it when a business creates such an ambiance.  If I ever decide to re-visit this place, I will decide to eat my sandwich within the restaurant.  I truly believe that your surroundings sometimes has an effect on your overall experience, including the taste.  I will also try another sandwich that caught my eye on the menu: the Ranch Club Chicken with added Avocado.
4	I went here after having driven by for a while and I was really surprised by how good it was. I ordered the "turkado" which is turkey and avocado, with tomatoes, onions, cheese and mayo. I added creamy horseradish but could barely taste it and will not be doing so next time. But, the turkey was thick and flavorful and actually tasted like meat instead of other places (Subway) where the meat tastes like wet preservatives. I appreciate the generous amount of avocado they put on the sandwich, but I am really getting tired of sandwich shops saying "avocado" when really they mean "smashed avocado spread." I like to know what I'm getting, you know? Anyway I will be back but will be getting a half sandwich next time and no creamy horseradish.
4	Their Italian turkey sub is great. Service fast and friendly.
5	Nothing fancy just really good sandwiches.  We split one large sandwich there (the Woody)  and got another to go (the duke.)  Throughly enjoyed them both.  With drinks the bill was $20
4	Had a Woody sandwich (Thanksgiving, turkey, stuffing, cranberrie, gravy) I enjoyed it very much
