4	Clean restaurant, short wait during prime lunch hour, and the pizza was delicious (extra REAL cheese was amazing). Extra points for having diet Mountain Dew!  Numerous TVs to watch while you eat, this would be a cool place to take in a game while having some of the best pizza we've had in Pittsburgh so far. We'll definitely be back!
4	One of the good places for lunch at waterworks. Quick service for take-out. Also have tables and TV if you want to sit down and eat.
1	Gave a second chance, food is good but service sucks. I will just say had two not so good experience with 2 different waiters. 1st one was asked to hold the onions and we we told him there was onions he said let me check, this was implying we were wrong, then came back and said it was his fault, never apologized and when we left he ran to the table to see if we left a tip, he thought we were not watching. He was rude and not very pleasant.  The 2nd time I went to give them a try, we were going to leave because he was there, but another waitress stop us by saying she would be our waitress, she was nice but I made my order an never got my slice of pizza, when she realized I was already paying  the check and by then I did not want the pizza anymore.  I think she should if offered the pizza for free since she forgot and the 1st waiter never apologized and never offered something for his mistake, so we will not be going there, I'mAfraid what the next thing is going to happen.
1	My husband said we got the worst pizza we ever ate there one night.  We tossed the soggy mess, and when i called back the next day the manager said i had waited too long to call and he wouldn't make it good
4	Pizza is great- and they have the best beer selection in town! My boyfriend and I happened upon this little joint after a movie at Waterworks and we couldnt have found more of a jem! We sat at the bar and the bartender was so friendly and knowledgeable, we had a great experience, tried a lot of awesome beers-most of which you wouldn't be able to find at your local bars especially not on tap. They have a great selection of Dog Fish Head Beers and you can buy a 6 pack to take one. On top of their great selection we we're also really surprised with the prices. All the beers are very reasonable for being such high quality and they also have an awesome happy hour on Fridays which we look forward to taking advantage of in the future.Def. recommend this place is you are a beer drinker!
3	The food is wonderful but mistakes are often made. We order there quite a bit and it's almost never specifically what we ordered. We keep ordering though, as I said the food is really good.
