4	Beautiful courses, both the palms and the lakes courses offer any golfer a great experience, from the amateur to the advanced golfer! The lakes course is my favorite! My husband and I come here quite often, just wish they'd have better club member opportunities for Palm Valley residents, good prices can be found online, especially for twilight hours.
4	Great course and is in very good shape! Living in Palm Valley next to this course, I agree that I would play here pretty much exclusively if there were a resident rate! Great pro shop and great staff!
3	Very nice course to play, the lake course is very short and only par 62! Great course to mess around with or for beginners. I have not yet play the palm course. So the rating can go up.
4	Had a chance to play the palm course, what a nice course. Yes I have played better courses, but you can't take any thing away from this place. Mostly flat and rolling hills. Water only plays in a couple of holes. Bunkers placed at very good locations. Hopefully I will become a regular here.
4	My son takes golf lessons here.  So far he's having a great time.  The instructors are very kind and patient.
4	I play the Palms course almost weekly and have played the Lakes course several times.  Even through the brutally hot Phoenix summer the courses are in very good shape.  If you're a beginner (or a seasoned player looking to tune-up your irons) the Lakes course has a fun layout with mostly par 3s and short par 4s.  The Palms course presents challenges for golfers at any level.
5	Not only does Palm Valley have a great course  (my daughter plays and practices there with her high school golf team), they have wonderful food and facilities for a wedding!  Our wedding is booked there for March and their coordinators and chef (LeAnn and Anders respectively) are amazing people!  The staff is friendly and very accomodating.  I can't wait to write more once our special day arrives. If you are looking for a reasonably priced and beautiful spot for a wedding, this is your place!
5	Great Course to play!  Better be long and straight!  But what makes this place perfect is the food and service is outstanding! This biggest mistake this place has made its not open for dinner.... This place is a hidden secret and if they had better marketing this place would rock the house. TV's every where and outstanding food!
5	My husband and I are not golfers, so I cannot comment on the course; however, we had our wedding reception here in June, and the staff could not have been more wonderful. We looked at other locations, but loved the outdoor pavilion which was great to entertain our guests. LeAnn made sure everything was in place, and it all looked amazing with the coo.  The menu created by Anders was awesome, and he has such a gift; we look forward to attending one of the dinners soon.
1	This is for the Event Planning services department only: TERRIBLE.  My fiance and I were due to get married here in October of this year and we had to cancel in March because LeAnn wouldn't return emails or phone calls.  So we had to start back at square 1 in March - it was very hard to find another location to have our ceremony and reception, so we had to split the locations.  Now i have to deal with finding rentals for chairs and tables, worry about space for musicians and my photobooth, and parking - thanks Palm Valley Event Planning!
5	Loving all of the recent restaurant changes out at Palm Valley! My husband and I dined there this afternoon and loved what we were seeing! First of all there is now a Happy Hour! Did you hear me?! HAPPY HOUR!! My husband occassionally golfs at Palm Valley and was singing it's praises so I decided to see what all of the fuss was about. It was my lucky day today because while we originally went in to experience Happy Hour, we ended up staying for an impromptu dinner! Everything was delicious and cooked perfectly! Palm Valley is moving in the right direction and the positive changes in the restaurant are just what the west side needs! Classy but not overdone. We felt right at home! The only complaints (if any) would be the following: 1) There was no music. Which, I guess with all of the TV's, perhaps they don't have any? That would help the ambiance.  2) Also, I'm not a fan of the outifts that the foodservers wear. It is difficult to tell a golfer from a server as there is no consistency in the staff's clothing. However, looking at these suggestions, they seem very nit-picky. Overall, great job Palm Valley!
5	What a beautiful place!!!  We went in for the first time for happy hour and it was great!  The fresh onion dip and homemade potato chips are delicious and the beer battered fish and chips were fantastic!  The citrus slaw was so good we had an extra side. The bartender Kory was very sweet and extra attentive, and the view just can't be beat.  Totally worth the drive out here!The new manager Stephanie has updated the menu and I can't wait to try more.  The herb crusted ribeye is amazing!!  We even finished off the delicious meal with a Hot fudge sundae with Real hot fudge and vanilla bean ice cream.   Overall a great surprise and a beautiful venue.  We will DEFINITELY be planning an event here!  Right off the freeway and gorgeous!
4	Played the Palms course last Thursday. Loved every second of it and only donated the one ball. Fairways were in great condition, the rough wasn't so high that you were on an expedition to find a wayward ball. There a some nice elevation changes and cross slopes on some of the fairways that add interest. The staff were all very attentive and helpful. They enhanced the whole experience. Temperatures are on the rise so it was pleasant to find water coolers every third hole or so.All in all a great experience, one that I hope to repeat very soon.
4	I have played the Palm course 15-20 times over the past five years, it's a challenging and fun course. The 18th hole gives me all kinds of trouble! They have a nice clubhouse with good food, particularly breakfast and the bloody mary's are good and spicy!
4	Really enjoyed our round at Palm Valley.  The wide fairways were very forgiving and everything was in good shape.  Pace of play was excellent.  We would definitely golf there again.
4	Beautiful Scenery. .. Great CoursePalm Valley Golf Club  is a beuatiful, and well maintained golf that offers both an executive Lakes course, and full size Palm course.  Both courses are a lot of fun to play on, and each course  offer their own unique challenges.  Palm Valley Golf Club is one of the more affordable courses and defininitely worth a visit.The staff at Palm Valley Golf Club are extremely friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable from the folks in the pro shop, to the servers in the clubhouse and everyone else in between.  So if your looking for a great course at a great price head out to Palm Valley Golf Club.  It's  a great way to spend a day.
4	Played the palms course today. B-E-Autiful! Loved it. Easy 4 stars givin. Go! Great pace of play, great driving range,  great scenery, well maintained, great greens, great lay out, all around great. I got a wonderful deal for a round for $40, most I've ever payed for a round. I will come back and pay twice as much if that's all is available.  Even the other players were courteous when playing. Only downfall is there pro shop didn't have add much selection as I'm used to in southern California.Great course! Deserves 4.75 stars
5	I went to a wedding here and everything from the food to the service was AH-Mazing!!!! Not a detail was spared. These guys are so professional and the customer service is second to none. If I could ask for the staff we had again we would. I would consider having my wedding here due to the experience we all had. Thank you.
