1	This post office is OLD as dirt!
2	This PO is convenient for me and has the godsend of an Automated Postal Center, where you can breeze in, buy stamps or set up to send a package, and breeze out.  However, the special hopper where you are supposed to put those packages is frequently full, which means it can not be opened.  Have stood there and rung the bell and banged on the door and tried to tell the counter workers, but NEVER get a response.  Why make it so easy for us to send stuff and then we can't physically send it?  Ugh.  Answer the dang bell, it's called service.Another time on a Sat morning, the APC was on the fritz, so I had to wait in line, as did everybody else who wanted to use the APC.  When it was my turn, I told the worker that the APC was down.  She had no idea and said, "Oh, that's why it's so busy in here."  So I was the first person to tell them about the technical issue? UGH again.  I try to support the PO; I don't want to lose this service in the U.S.; but OMG they need to meet us halfway!  just a little customer service, please!
2	This is the Post Office closest to my home.  It is convenient to just drop something off at but it is WAY too busy to try and send something from package wise...I wouldn't want to stand in this line!  Seems everyone working here and going here is rude as well.  Hmmmmm.  Well, it works for quickly dropping stuff at.
2	I came.  I tried to use the Automated Postage Center.  It failed.  The line was 20 deep.  I left.  I'll head back to Rose Garden next time.
1	If I could give zero stars, I would. I have never dealt with such a miserable, mean old woman. I went in today to mail something in a Priority Mail box, and I had printed out a prepaid shipping label like I have many times before. When the horrible B-word called me to her table, I asked for a plastic sleeve to slip my shipping label in (again, like I have so many times before). She told no, that I just had to tape it on the box. I then asked about the label being damaged and expressed my worry and she told me that it, "wasn't her problem." Excellent! She was an overweight woman with short, ratty grey hair and glasses. Avoid her at all costs! She was so rude and has absolutely no concept of good customer service. Why would USPS hire her? I don't get it. I will ship with fedex from now on, they are much better!
2	This is probably one of the slowest and crowded post offices in our state. I still go here though to contribute to helping support the postal system. At least my mail is timely to my home from here. They do have a great drive up system but traffic is pretty busy at this corner.
1	Says they have 24hr automated postal service. Perhaps they do, but you would have to make it past the locked doors after hours to find out. Staff is typical USPS...rude, don't care attitude and doing as little as possible to be helpful. I bet they wonder why the USPS loses an approximated $25 MILLION dollars a day. I hope the USPS goes BANKRUPT and every single one of them lose their job.
2	I stop here occasionally for convenience, but I don't care for this one. It looks and feels old. It's on the northwest corner and always seems hard to get in and out of.
1	I use the kiosk self service machine at this location. I have come 4 separate times within the past month and the machine has been broken EVERY SINGLE TIME! Get the damn thing fixed!! I hate this place. I would rather drive to the Greenway location. Much cleaner and better service.
