5	The gilroy pizza is fricken-amazing. I love coming here with the hubby on dates. It's much nicer than your standard Pt's pub. The menu is bigger, the staff has always been super friendly and accommodating, and they've never run out of my favorite beers.Bonus that it's within walking distance of my house. They have a card called beer n bites...you'll need it to participate in happy hour: 1/2 off all drinks and pizzas...times change,but right now it's everyday 3p-7p.ps:last time i checked,seared ahi on the appetizers menu!!
5	I come here at least once a week with my buddies for happy hour. Everything is clean and new, atmosphere is nice, food is good. Hands-down the best BBQ Chicken Pizza I've ever had. Order one of those and a $3 24oz Blue Moon to wash it down. You wont leave disappointed
2	We wanted a burger today, and PT's does a pretty good one so that's where we went. We ordered their big 'o' burger- pretty solid and tasty but greasy.  I ordered twister fries for an extra $1.50 and was very disappointed with that. Really skimpy portion for the extra money. I mentioned the portion size to the server and basically got a non-response. We finished up and got the bill. $35! Plus tip over $40! I told my wife to remind me next time I suggest PT's what an absolutely horrible value it is.
4	This is a sports bar.  Tons of TV's.  Friendly sexy waitresses and bar food.There are several PT's in the area and I haven't figured out why some are Taverns and some are Gold.  I do know that the pizza, sliders and wings were all above average compared to some bars.  I also know that you can see almost any sporting event.  They have promotions for football, fantasy football, fight nights, etc.  They have their own rewards card and the perfunctory poker machines.  I like that they have some non gambling sections of the bar and plenty of comfortable seating around.I don't really have a complaint about this place, It just doesn't do anything to distinguish it from other sports bars.  Maybe it is the chain feel that makes it just a bit below perfect.  Still, you can't go wrong if you want a beer and a game.
2	Staff was overwhelmend on a friday after work and food took forever to come out! Will choice eleswhere in the future!
3	The male bartender with glasses and of the caucasian decent made me feel very unwelcome tonight. From the start, he was cold and had a bad attitude. It was a busy night and I understand this can be overwhelming, but If you work in the service industry, you should learn to smile and be friendly to guests no matter what the situation is. Your bad attitude can turn off potential local return clients. I was so flustered by the way you spoke to us that I did not even feel like ordering anything or leaving you any tip. We ended up relocating from the bar area and finished our night at a table where Christina, who was absolutely lovely, turned our night around with her attentive and friendly service.
4	Nice and quite here & good food.
4	Decent sports bar. We sat at the bar and the only complaint with that is the people smoking at the poker machines.  It's only really a problem though if you are sitting right next to them because the bar isn't smokey at all.  The bartender was friendly and the food was great.  The wings are some of the best I've had.  The bar is surrounded by flatscreens with all the games on, the atmosphere is laid back and quite, and the theme is nice.  Will be back!
4	Came here for the first time today with some friends. My husband and them had been drinking all morning and I stopped by after work around 1pm.As soon as I sat down I was promptly greeted by the bartender, I told her I wanted just a coke and a menu to look at. They have your normal bar foods with a few breakfast items. My friend got the nachos and I a grilled chicken sandwich. The nachos, $9, were tasty and it was a pretty big portion. I do think that the prices were a bit on the steep side. The 4 of us gobbled them down fast!! My chicken sandwich ($10) came with TWO huge chicken breasts, I ended up giving one away to a friend, it was so juicy and tender! My only problem I had was that when I ordered extra pickles they never told me that they would charge me, .75 for extra pickles I think it's pretty crazy they would charge for something like that but the fact they didn't tell me it would be extra bothered me. Over all the food was good and service was great so I'm sure we will be back.
5	This is by FAR the best PT's in Las Vegas!!! I started going there occasionally, when it first opened. Made good money playing poker there. In my single years it was a nice quiet bar, with sports or good music, and a nice atmosphere, to take dates.When I met my wife, her sister lived near by and we'd go there occasionally. We really didn't care for the staff at the time.I've frequented almost every bar in this area. I felt like they only treat the regulars and and gamblers good... So for a while I had stopped going to any bars. When I did go out, I'd meet a buddy at this PT's. I started to really like the new staff. then started going more often.The Bar Tenders Jen, and Rebecca are awesome! Chris the manager really impressed me, when he was at a ball game with his family, and saw me walking by, and took the time to stop and say "Hi." Christina the waitress, is the best in town! I started meeting the regulars and they're all really good people. The food is great! I had breakfast there on Sunday... Fantastic! The Pool Tables are in mint condition! The Arcade Games like Golden Tee are always in great condition, they have the latest version immediately, and the screens are great quality.I'm there at least 3 times a week! My favorite bar in Las Vegas. I recommend everyone in Las Vegas from Henderson to Centennial Hills, to visit this PT's!
2	I have visited this pts a few times now and never seem to leave satisfied. I love the pts chain and in hopes to like this one since it is right by my house, I have given it multiple chances.This particular time that I visited was the worst service I have received from a pts location. I was grabbing a drink with a friend and there were two other parties at the bar, with the rest of the bar being empty. She was busy chatting it up with one of the groups of guys and never came to us when we wanted our check. I stayed to order food at 11:45 and she came back at 12 to tell me she told the other bartender to put it in since they were doing a shift change. My beer ran low and he never checked on me nor did I receive my food and it was 12:20. The group of boys that she was originally helping did however receive their pizza that was not put in until 12.I usually go late at night so the day bartenders might be great, but this is definitely not a good choice for a late night drink/snack unless you just want to sit there twiddling your thumbs.
1	Home of the terrible French Dip. It was made with philly steak, not sliced beef. Seasoned to taste like a Philly Steak sandwich. Service was put off by bartender Rebecca. She asked if she could get us anything else, I said ranch dressing, and she said "I was talking to him".
1	I can put up with a lot of crap, mostly because I've discovered that Las Vegas is NOT a customer service town.  You disagree with me?  Well, then...I have two words for you.  Automatic Gratuity.  In my opinion, no matter what the size of the party, gratuity should not be an automatic thing, waitresses are paid a flat wage for what they do and whatever they make in tips is a reflection of their customer service skills.  Regardless, I'm MORE THAN willing to forgive less than stellar food or products if the customer service was good.  In fact, amazing customer service will probably prompt me to return to a location despite any issues I may have with food or drinks.  This is not the case with this location, and as the rude manager, Chris, informed me...I'll be the first negative Yelp that their location receives, despite the fact that, presently, the past Yelps are on my sidebar and I see two 2 star reviews already...without even looking further.  I went to this location with a work party on Friday night.  We had a pretty large group and were greeted by a waitress we had dealt with before, Emily.  Now, the first time we dealt with her, she made it a point to tell us that it was her first night there and while the service wasn't great, it was understandable with a new job.  In that time, her confidence must have skyrocketed because she was a bit belligerent on Friday night, but also seemed very much overwhelmed.As she was placing down some of the food that had been ordered, my office manager approached her and said..."Hi, when you're finished, I'd like to order another drink."  Seems like a normal bar request, right?  Apparently not as Emily barely spared her a glance and loudly replied, "Ok, honey...well, I'm the only waitress on staff and you'll need to wait."  I'm sorry, to speak to a grown woman like she's a child and you're her parent, are you kidding me?!My manager sat back down, looked at me and said..."I'm ready to go, I won't be drinking anything else."  Sure enough, when Emily FINALLY came back to our table, my manager waved her off and muttered something about her customer service skills.  Actually, most of the night, my manager spoke to the members of her staff that had shown up about how rude Emily was or muttered straight to her about something that had further annoyed her.  To cap off our night with Emily, we took a tally when everyone was leaving.  A grand total of THREE ordered drinks never made it back to the people that had ordered.  A+, honey!It was at this point that I pulled out my phone to start a Yelp about what had happened.  The only problem was, there's more than one PT's location down Hualapai, so when Emily came back, I asked her what the address was for our location.  She didn't know.  Furthermore, another waitress didn't know.When the manager finally showed up to confront my office manager about HER attitude, it ended with a verbal altercation where she stood up and said she was leaving.  I can only supposed that he NEEDED to get the last word in, so he told her..."please do!"  I'm unsure if he really cared, wanted to save face or just rub salt in the wound, but he then approached the remaining people in our party, shook hands and asked about their experience.  I approached him, explained that my manager was understandably pissed off, but that I was calm and willing to explain what had happened to put her in that state.  He not only seemed less than apologetic when I told him what Emily had said, but assured me that nobody had ever complained about her and that she worked at three locations.  Finally, I told him that two of his waitresses didn't even know the address and that they should be further trained.  Again, he reiterated that they worked at several PT's around the area and I replied that when I was 18, I had been employed at three jobs to get by and could have told anybody the addresses and phone numbers of each location.  He seemed to scoff a bit at my make believe world of actually knowing where you're employed and I asked him what would happen if somebody called to get the location?  He replied that his staff was trained to tell anybody that calls that the nearest crossroad was Flamingo/Hualapai...which is actually half a mile away from this location.  I replied to him that he should know that most GPS systems don't operate on crossroad instructions, but rather an actual address.Once again, I'm unsure how I'm supposed to move on from this experience when this is clearly the only bar in Las Vegas.  Where else am I supposed to go to watch sports or get a drink or enjoy good food.  Wait, excuse me?  There's a Buffalo Wild Wings on the other side of Flamingo/Hualapai?  I won't smell like a cigarette factory when I leave there?  Emily and Chris don't work there?  Well, why didn't you say so before?!  Thank you for the memories, PT's, sorry I had to grace you with your first negative review.
5	I love this place, it's my go to spot when I get off work,  and I go at least 2 times a week. I usually go in the late nights when Elliott is working and he's awesome, along with the rest of the staff.  I recommend this bar to anyone who lives in the area.
5	My buddies and I went here around 3 am. Had some late night cravings. Ive been to a couple pts and this pts has the best hospitality, best food quality and best atmosphere. We got the sliders, nachos and south western blt. Really good stuff for late night.Cindy and Jeff are awesome!!!! Big props to you guys. My buddies n I are in the hospitality industry and it means alot when you go somehwere late especially a bar and its good service! Keep it up! You will see us more often
5	Great bar for gaming and food. Fun graveyard staff. Golden tee and pool here. Come in and ask for Jeff!
5	I frequent this bar at least once a week. I've always felt welcome and treated like one of the family. Great food, friendly staff, great environment. The genie wizard computer jerk won't let me win at blackjack though... Not their fault. Lol
5	I've been seeing PT's everywhere so I decided to try it last night, and since it was happy hour (5-7) it was half priced drinks. Well we didn't realize that and rolled in around 6:50pm and the super sweet and cute waitress, Jenna ran over to our table from behind the bar to get our orders in before 7. She earned her a good tip just by doing that. The food was good and the drinks were cheap. Jenna was super busy holding the whole dining area down but she pulled it off and was one of the nicest waitresses I've ever had, seriously! I recommend it just for the positivity in that place.
4	Love the wings n frys n the arrive is always awesome!!!! Convenient to home! Always open.
4	This one of the better PTs that I've. Been to. They all have good service but this one isn't as dumpy as the one on Durango. Friendly older crowd. Seems like date night. Crowded but not smoky for a bar that allows smoking. Will be back.
1	Buyer Beware: Came here to watch football and get 1/2 off breakfast. Happy hour ends at 10am. We placed our breakfast order before 10. After the game we got our bill and were shocked. The waitress refused to give us happy hour prices because she supposedly didn't submit it to the kitchen before 10. That's not our fault she didn't submit them on time. She should have at least informed us. My receipt says 9:58am. I think it was a scam to make more money off us.
5	Great happy hour and service .Rebeka as always is the best .They had the best X-mas party town.
