4	We went to Hanaya Garden today for lunch.  You walk in (past the jewelry, sword, and lucky bamboo sale displays?), order at the counter, and then pick up your entrees once their done.  We tried the teriyaki chicken and hibachi shrimp.  Both were made to order, flavorful, came with rice and veggies, and included a side of shrimp sauce for dipping.  Although the entrees were $5.95 and $7.95 respectively, their drinks were cheap ($1.25 with refills) and you don't have to leave a tip because it's self-serve once you order and pick-up your meal.  We sat by the makeshift waterfall (I guess that's where the "garden" comes in), watched a little of the news on their big screen TV, and wondered whether anyone ever bought any jewelry, swords, or lucky bamboo.  You wouldn't know that it's a retail shop, too, until you walk in; there's nothing outside advertising it.  Sure, it's not high-class Japanese food, but it was fresh made and was enjoyable for a quick lunch.
4	Want simple, tasty hibachi? This place is a great place to go. They've got hibachi steak, chicken, scallop, shrimp...etc. They also have fried rice, kabobs, etc. I don't remember everything because they have a pretty good-sized menu. Might I add, I do know the owner and the family, and they are a GREAT bunch. :) Some of the jewelry on the side is handmade by the owner-wife. This place also has free wi-fi, but there's no sign advertising it, so nobody knows about it. But it's great for college students to go and grab a bite while studying!
5	The best Japanese food in Charlotte. I love it. Try the Shrimp and Snapper. It's great. Also the atmosphere is great and its family owned.
4	This is the best hibachi express type place I have found in Charlotte. The lady that owns it is super friendly and makes you feel very welcome.  The food is very good too, especially the hibachi.  Oh yeah and after you eat be sure to stop by the jewelry counter on your way out.
4	I came here with my Grandma who lives in the University area because sadly there is no "express" Japanese places in South Charlotte. Having went to college with excellent Japanese I was very sad that I was unable to locate any near my house. When my Grandma suggested we go here I was more than willing to give this place a try and I am so glad that I did! Although for a restaurant the setup is a little odd with the "store" on the side, we were able to walk up to the counter an order right away. With 3 of us, 3 lunches and 1 drink came out to around $20. That cannot be beat anywhere. The food came out piping hot around 5 minutes later and was delish! The only thing I wish I had was more shrimp sauce, but the food was wonderful and when I go to visit Grandma I will suggest we go here.
5	Cheap and delicious. Great for lunch after a night out
5	Great Hibachi express place, fresh food cooked to order in front of you. Found this place this weekend, great find. Great food at a great price. Also have good sweet carrots. Will be going back.
4	Hands down the most flavorful Japanese food I've found in charlotte. The same guy always makes my steak. Fresh delicious food friendly staff.
