5	I have always received excellent service at this Denny's. Food is always prompt, hot and good. I like the new decor.
1	What was I thinking! I knew we should of went by the store and bought a power bar and a water instead...Here is a tip...avoid Denny's go hungry! What the heck me and a work partner called 3 top rated places on Yelp for breakfast and all where closed? BTW the area around the airport not nice...I would get out of the town a little bit.This Denny's is connected to a truck stop so that should of threw up another red flag but the fact that one stomach wall just ate the other we were desperate. I ordered off of their fresh and fit menu which sounded ok, but the fact that it was drowned in butter was like an oxi moron! The only time Denny's was good to eat at was when I was much younger(not stating my age) and very very late at night. Unfortunately eating some taco bell would be a better choice. Which is also a place I would not want to ever go back to.
3	Once went there with another adult and 7 kids. The nice hostess elderly lady extended "kids eat free" night to all of them... Not just the normal 2 per adult. Very nice and fast service!
4	The super bird is the best dish :) who doesn't love Dennys?? they have amazing breakfast, very good coffee and a variety of Meals. The Fries are one of the best out there...
1	If I could give them a zero I would. Second time my family and I go to this location and for the second time we walked out. Bad service and after an hour of waiting for the food to arrive we left. Never again would we go to this location and do not recommend it to anyone. During our wait our drinks didn't get refilled and no apologies or explanations given for the wait.
1	take my advice if you can eat somewhere else do service was slow brooklyn sphagetti and meatballs was a joke after 2 trys and a 40min wait i finally gave up and just ate the slop they put in front of me what a waste of time turn this into mcdonalds
5	So far so good. Nothing negative to say about them "yet"... Been here a few times, and they have always been good experiences...
