4	We hired this company on the suggestion of a family member.  Our scorpion issue has been getting worse so we brought them out to seal the house.  It was just done this past week so I can't say how effective it is yet, but they were efficient and prompt.
5	It's been about a month since our house was sealed and I am thrilled to report that aside from a tiny spider here or there, we've had NO uninvited guests.  If you're having bug issues, I highly recommend having your house sealed.  It was somewhat expensive but the peace of mind has been worth it.
1	I hired Ky-Ko about 7 years ago to get rid of our pigeon problem.  They were successful at the time doing so by putting up spikes at the area it was nesting.  Just about 2 months I called upon them again because the spikes broke off and we have the pigeon problem again.  Since the were originally the company I contracted with to get rid of the pigeons, I believed they would help me again.  When I called them they were very nice and I gave me a quote for what I thought was to eradicate the pigeons again.  They claim "The net above the door is shredded and needs to be replaced,some of the wires on the roof are down need to replace all of them to get the 3 year warranty, there is a window ledge in the back that needs spike. ten cleaning on treated areas".  I believe I was contracting with professionals to get rid of the birds so I agree.  After their completion of the job, the pigeons remained.  Instead of putting enough spikes to eradicate and prevent the pigeons from nesting on my roof, they merely replaced what was there in the hopes they would go away.  The pigeons just scooted down past the spikes.I complained what they did not not work and that I still have a pigeon problem.  They said I need to pay for work that was done before they can do further.  But why would I pay for work the didn't solve my problem.  I told them I would pay them if they do as I contracted and that is to get rid of the pigeon pests.  Why would I call them unless I want to get rid of the pigeons.  They said they are gave me an estimate on just replacing the spikes.  I don't care about whatever needed to be done but only to get rid of the birds, whether it have been to put netting all around the roof.  They are the professionals and should be the ones to recommend the necessary means for eradication.So now I still have the birds.......I highly recommends not contracting with them.
5	KY-KO not only sealed my home after two massive bee infestations where bees literally got up, inside our walls, but I now also use them for my monthly pest prevention.  While sealing up my home was not an inexpensive venture, it was well worth the money we spent to keep those darned bees (and other pests) out.  Getting bees out of my walls was no small task and to have to do it twice, was really annoying.  Bees leave a pheromone so that they know where to return to and once the pheromone is there, they will come back over and over.  And since about 90% of the bees in AZ are now Africanized, it is not fun to know they are trying to co-habitate with you.  KY-KO sealed my home and they have never returned.  At the time, I was using another exterminating company, had been for years) but always still had many 4 legged friends in my home and outside.  While the sealing did keep the majority out, I still needed to exterminate as there are always doors, windows and ways flying things can get in.  Once I made the switch to KY-KO for my monthly prevention, the bugs virtually stopped.  It is a rare occasion I have a bug in my home other than the occasional Flies.  The nice thing about it too, is they check my seal and make repairs to it as necessary for free and they also remove cobwebs and bug debris around my home.  I am completely happy with KY-KO's service!
5	We have been using KY-KO for our monthly prevention treatments for about 6 years. They are very reliable. Raydon is our tech he is very knowledgeable. There prices are reasonable.. I highly recommend them!!
5	We have been using Ky-Ko for almost 2 years now. We have had three different techs service our home in the 2 yr time frame. The tech we have now is by far the best. Craig is always asking if we have seen anything we shouldn't be, very friendly at our 6:45 AM appt. time and very thorough. We have recommended this company and Craig specifically to many friends and to our family members and we will continue to do so! I feel like Craig genuinely has my family's safety in mind and does his job effectively!
5	We have been using Ky-Ko Pest prevention for at least the last 8 years now.  We currently use them for monthly pest control at both our home and our rental unit.  We also had them do home seals and pigeon mitigation at both homes.  Very professional organization.  Raydon is fantastic - friendly and professional.  We have been late for more than one appointment, and Raydon always waits for us - no complaints.  I highly recommend Ky-Ko.
5	These guys are amazing. Brian has been with us for years and he is so professional and friendly. He knows my kids names and knows that I work from home so let's me know via text when he's coming as to not scare me. They also did our sealing of our house for scorpions and it was so helpful!
