4	Nestled around the back of some other buildings, this place is one of Charlotte's hidden gems.  Not fancy by any means, the food is just plain good.  Whenever we've been there it's always busy, and the staff is quick to greet you with a smile and a hearty welcome.The dishes are not fancy, but they are well-prepared and served quickly, with plenty of food on the plate for a solid price.  The servers will help you decide what to order - just be sure you don't take too long to order.  Take their advice and run with it.
3	Shun Lee was the best place in town to get Chinese food 10 years ago.  Now, the food there is the same, but the competition has really increased.  Their food is fine, good even, but certainly nothing special.  They have a large menu, which is nice, and a large restaurant so you don't have to wait.  If you live near Shun Lee it might be the place for you because they remember their regulars and have a great family run establishment.  If you want to try something that is a little fresher, I recommend trying Baoding (Southpark), DragonFly (Park Rd/ Myers Park), or HoHo (Dilworth).
4	Pleasantly surprised. The food here is actually pretty dang good. It's tucked behind Bojangles and Chik-Fil-A, so you might miss it (you can actually cut through the Chik parking lot) Friendly, family-run, solid chinese food. I really couldn't have asked for anything more. The General Tso's Chicken was perfectly cooked and perfectly seasoned. No grislte, no fat, no mystery meat. Beef w/ broccoli was tender and just enough sauce; not goopy or oily. Broccoli was steamed green, not brown and packed neatly for take out. Excellent quick service too.Nothing innovative, but if you want some rub-your-tummy chinese...hit it.
2	Had lunch here today.  This was my second visit.Pluses are very friendly staff.  Patrons seem to be regulars as most are greeted warmly and some by name (and most of the patrons seemed to know the staff by name).  Service was very fast and food is served hot.Our table had the sweet and sour chicken (diner complimented the generous portion but she's a light eater), the spicy chicken and chinese eggplant (almost too spicy for our spice-loving guest and the eggplant looked a bit slimy - diner kept referring to it as the unidentified "fish" in the dish) and chicken chow mein (lots of lettuce and veggies in the chow mein, I should have ordered the sesame chicken).  We all ordered hot tea - hey, it was chilly today! - and the server brought a large pot to the table that lasted us the entire meal.  Prices are fair - $5-7 for lunch entrees that come with fried rice and egg roll.But the food just isn't memorable for me.  It's merely okay if I'm in the neighborhood but not worth a trip from anywhere for me.Lunchtime clientele seemed to be 65% retirees and 35% local business people/office workers/realtors.
3	The best thing about Shun lee palace aside from the fact that its super close to my house is the food. Chinese food is a hit or a miss almost everywhere. Shun lee palace is a lil on the pricier side but its worth it. The sauces in the dishes don't have a typical chinese food thick consistency that I hate!! The meats are all very flavorful and the fried rice is so yum. I've only had lunch there but one of these days I plan on going for dinner. I'll add on to this review at that time ;o)
1	Sadly, Shun Lee is really going downhill. It used to be one of the best Chinese restaurants in Charlotte. I have been going there for over 30 years and have noticed the general decline. I ate there a few weeks ago and it wasn't good. I hoped it was just a fluke but then tonight we had Generals Tso's chicken and it was horrible - no flavor at all. I won't be back.
1	Super bummed that this wasn't good. I was hoping to find a new "hidden gem" like Chad E. had written 4 years ago, but instead, I found a place that I will not return to. For as lousy as the quality of the food was, the service was pretty good. We were promptly greeted and were seated immediately. I was surprised to see as many patrons dining in there as there were. Many of the patrons were seniors, next middle-aged (40s), and then a couple younger people.We left discontent because the veggie lo mein noodles were oily and limp and the Mongolian beef was fatty. The server forgot our rice until we asked for it. I would compare the food similar to mall food or Chinese food at a buffet that has been sitting out a while. I don't mean to sound too critical, but the quality was so bad.
2	Hello, 1980s!  Stepping into Shun Lee Palace is like stepping back in time.  The colors of Mauve and Hunter Green abound in the decor.  And lets not forget the swivel chairs.  We went on a Saturday night and were seated immediately.  Like someone else mentioned in their review, it was mostly an "older" crowd.  (Perhaps they've been there since the 80s?)   It took quite some time before we were greeted by our server and quite a time longer before she returned to take our orders.  I like to think that I know my way around a Chinese restaurant, but there were dishes on the menu with which I was not familiar.  And, unfortunately, there were no descriptions.  Tai Chi?  Tung Ann?  New Tze?  Flower Chicken?  Royal Chicken?  Peacock Chicken?  I asked our server about two of them, but didn't want to ask any further and went with Sa Cha Chicken because I knew I had had it someplace once before.The food came out as it was made.  First, two (of five) dinners were brought out, one of which had to be taken back because it was wrong.  Then that second one returned with the correct entree.  Then a third dinner came out.  And then finally, the fourth and fifth together.  The food was enjoyable, but a bit on the bland side.  If my entree has a little mark next to it because it's spicy, I want it spicy.  Unfortunately, it wasn't.  And there was nothing on the table to doctor it up.  Everything tasted very fresh, though, so kudos for that.  And the kids' entrees were pretty big, so they were a good value.  I'm wary of Chinese restaurants that don't automatically offer you chopsticks.   I like chopsticks.  I like to eat Chinese, Japanese, Thai, and sushi dinners with chopsticks.  It adds to the experience.  Since we rarely saw our server, I didn't even bother to ask for a pair.  Maybe there was a shortage in the 1980s?  I'm sure some people have been going to Shun Lee Palace since they decorated in the 1980s and love it.  I, for one, have experienced much better.  Much, MUCH better.  Atmosphere is a big deal for me.  Shun Lee didn't have it, so we won't be going back.  p.s. What's up with the clothing rack in the dining room?  You might think it was for people to hang their coats; however, you'd be wrong.  Apparently it's a rack where the employees can hang their street clothes up during their shifts.  (Because I doubt that anyone took off their T-shirts at dinner because they were too hot.)  Tres tacky.
2	I HAVE NOT EATEN AT THE RESTAURANT- HAVE ONLY TRIED THEIR TAKEOUT/PICK-UP.Shun Lee Palace is a little pricey for my taste, for take-out Chinese; granted I am from Philly and have lived in NYC both cities where there are authentic places in suspect corners doling out good ethnic cuisine for next to nothing.The food is decent. I am sure they use loads of MSG (the effects on my body are recognizable the next morning), and their portions are small.A few entrees, and a quart of wonton soup will run you over 40 dollars.**The sesame chicken and sweet and sour chicken dishes consistently have too much corn starch and batter, respectively. On top of that, the entree is about 20% hard batter/starch MINUS the chicken.   As far as late night in  Myers Park goes, this is the only alternative to pizza that I've found and for that alone it gets another star.
4	Why I like Shun Lee its close to home - I feel like I'm really in a Chinese restaurant if you don't know what that means its traditional to me...elevator music...fish art...fried noodles with duck sauce and spicy mustard when you sit down.  It kind of reminds me of Chinese places I ate at as a kid with my grandparents so for the found memories thank you Shun Lee.  The chinese food is good and what you would expect nothing fancy.  They have recently remodeled part of the restaurant and now offer sushi.  The first time I ordered it I thought it was ok but nothing great - but last nights sushi was very good.  They have a fairly large sushi menu now with some inventive options.  BIG PLUS 30% off sushi - its a promotion going on now till sometime in late November so if you want to check this place out now is a perfect time.Another plus you can always get a seat at this place.
4	Yep, I see the reviewer before me used the phrase "hidden gem." I'm a little pissed, since that's the phrase I wanted to use. We went to eat here with friends last night, and I was impressed by the food, the service, and the environment for somewhere that looked like such a hole-in-the-wall. I ordered the Szechuan Eggplant, and it was really good. There was plenty on the plate, too, so I took leftovers to work today for lunch. The couple who took us there wanted the spicy green beans, and although the restaurant had sold out of green beans, the manager went to the Harris Teeter around the corner to grab some for us. Even with the little hiccup, the food was ready quick, and it was all delicious.My only complaint is that the vegetarian selection is a little skimpy...there were 3 or 4 things on the menu, which isn't bad, but usually a Chinese restaurant will have lots of options.
1	Eh. Lost its mojo when Frank sold.
1	I had a very disappointing experience with a take out order from Shun Lee.  I was surprised that the same entree which I ordered a month or two ago had decreased in volume by about a third.  Plus, it didn't taste as good as the last time I ordered the same entree.  I was even more surprised when the price was two dollars more than the price on the take out order from my last visit.  The friendly woman at the register said that the prices had gone up.  However, when I got home and read the new photocopied take out menu, the price had gone up only twenty five cents from that which was on the menu which I had ordered from.I think that the quality, quantity and price of Shun Lee have decreased in quality overall since the new owners took over.  I had frequented this restaurant regularly while Frank Lee owned it over the last thirty years.  I will definitely think twice about returning to eat or take out at Shun Lee Palace in the future.
2	I've been a fan of Shun Lee since the change in management. My last visit - lunchtime - really disappointed me. Their food is still very good (no MSG is a plus) but the service was Slow! Like, we had to get up and get our own water slow; like we had to ask for silverware slow. I hope this was an unusual occurrence. I will certainly return to Shun Lee but if the service is as bad, it will be my last trip.
1	This used to be a good place and now it's changed for the worst. My most recent 'dissatisfactory moment', but not the only, was this weekend when I ordered take out from Shun Lee and they force an 18% tip upon my bill. No one brought me anything, there was no delivery, I didn't even ask anyone for extra sauce so why is there a tip on my bill?!?I won't be coming back anymore and I advice any NEW or 'before the changes' customers to do the same.
4	We had purchased a living social for Shun Lee since we just moved to the Cotswold area.  But then read these reviews and were a bit scared to try.  Well i gotta say we tried tonight and it was really good.  It is a hidden gem.  The food was excellent, the service was great.  We had a spicy entree and a sweet one.  SO good.  My husbannd and I will be back for sure.  If you are hesitant .. don't be just go try ... :)
1	This is one of the oldest Chinese joints in the city. The food itself was never the greatest or most authentic cuisine but it always worked in a pinch at lunch. The food was always a nice step over a generic carryout place.No more.Food's gone way downhill and the service sucks. Nobody's friendly anymore.I miss Frank, the previous owner. I hope he's enjoying his retirement somewhere.Your pal,Walter
3	I've been going to Shun Lee Palace for more than 20 years.  Its just a few blocks from my grandmothers house and she was always a fan.  The place was purchased by new owners a couple of years ago and while the food is still pretty good, the service is...spotty at best.  I think they try to make due with fewer servers than they should have so once you place your order, you never see them until they drop off your food and then you are on your own again until the check comes.  If something is wrong or if you need something extra (more to drink, etc.)...too bad.
5	As always Michael has a great crew and great food..    black bean chicken yummmmmmmI always enjoy going to Shun  Lee ! !   :)
1	AVOID at all costs!!! Wish I could give it less than 1 star. Just went there this past Thursday to pick up some Chinese to-go and 3 hrs after eating it I had diarrhea and threw up multiple times to the point where there's nothing left in me. It is now Sunday and I still have a sour stomach with diarrhea, hopefully it will be gone by tomorrow. On a better note, atleast I only missed work on Friday and am using the rest of the weekend for rest. Will never go there again. Not sure if it was the "chicken" (if that's really what it is) or the eggroll that caused it, but this meal was the only one I consumed that day and definitely was the cause of the poisoning. Never Again! Stay far away!
1	The waiter was very unhelpful. Considering this was my first visit to the restaurant, I asked for some suggestions but got the response "there are not many choices for vegetarians" and then he walked away. I proceeded to leave the restaurant. Horrible service.
2	Went on Christmas day, after my group was told that there was a 1.5 hour wait at another Chinese restaurant we had intended to go to.  4 of the 8 guests ordered appetizers, which never arrived - well, they arrived, but not until about 20 minutes after the entrees were served, after speaking to the waiter and the manager numerous times.  I get that they were busy, but I'm sure this isn't their first Christmas day of being one of the few restaurants in the city open.  Ordered the Ma Po Tofu, which was decent, but I was wondering what peas and mini carrot squares (either from a can, or someone has amazingly precise dicing skills) were doing there.  We ordered white and brown rice for the table, but they only brought brown rice.  Once the 8 of us quickly finished that off, it took them another 5-10 minutes to bring out more rice.  Service was a mess, and the manager seemed to be as lackadaisical as the waiter was, when we pointed out that the appetizers and parts of the meals had not been brought out.  At least they comped the appetizers, but based on the service, I don't think I'll be back.
2	Food was OK (food temps could be hotter). Clean restaurant. Upholstery was outdated. Service was slowwwwww! There was very few people eating here and only one waitress and what could of been a 30 min experience turned into an hour because of her slow response time. I would come back only if the service was quicker (Which is customary for a Chinese restaurant) and my rice and music soup was hotter!
4	RELAX... do not be scared of those negative reviews. They must have their purpose... I too was afraid to try UNTIL an encourage off one of reviewer Margaret L - Charlotte, NC.  She was right.I've ordered cocount shrimp entree - man!!! IT's tasty! Rice? Not even so "sticky" just the right kind of "sticky" rice... Jasmine, I think.I also ordered wonton soup - it scores high score.And these were take-out - they were very good!One more thing... they accidentally switched my order with something else but they were very very helpful and corrected their mistake quickly.Would give it a five but I'm saving it for the next time I get to DINE in. :)Just go... try take-out first.  Worth your $ and time.
2	I've heard a lot of mix reviews about this place through the years. So I finally decided to try it out for myself a few weeks ago and been wanting to come write a review. I LOVE Chinese food so when I went in to order carry out I decided to pick some of my regular dishes to try. The customer service wasn't very great to begin with. The lady wasn't very friendly and helpful in suggesting any special dish. Here are my reviews on the dishes that I did buy. Pork Fried Rice - It was blah! There was no flavor to the rice but oil. General Tso Chicken - It was blah too!! Barely any flavorsHouse Special Lo Mein - This one taste a lot better than the other two dishes, but was just okay for me too. The only dish I did like was their Beef, Shrimp and Scallop stir fry dish, but none of the dishes really screamed that I will be visiting again next time! My husband did mention that they have Japanese and sushi on their menu also so I would still like to go back to try this part of their menu out, but will not be going back there for Chinese food.
4	This is my place to go when I'm in the mood for Chinese food and it's not just because it's convenient relative to where I currently live. I used to live in the University Area and would trek down to Shun Lee for special occasion dinners. This is where my now-husband and I had our first official date many years ago and where we went the night he proposed. We don't keep going for sentiment, but for the food. My favorite dish is the beef with broccoli mainly because the brown sauce they use is delicious and the broccoli is fresh. My husband enjoys their general tsos chicken, paper shrimp, wontons, and chicken with broccoli. His brothers really enjoy their hibachi dishes. If you enjoy vegetables, the hibachi dishes are a very good deal. We go there often enough that there have been a few off nights, but their off nights have been very few and far between for us. We both dine in and do take out. We do both lunch and dinner. One dish I haven't had much luck with is an appetizer, their bbq spare ribs. They're flavorless except for the oil they're cooked with. I haven't had much luck with bbq regular or boneless spare ribs in Chinese restaurants around town anyway so it's not a deal breaker by any means. The service can be hit or miss depending on which severs you have, how well they're staffed that day, and how new the staff is. Some days you may have to grab several different servers as they dash around to get what you need, but they're typically eager to please and easy to work with.
2	Unfortunately I was highly disappointed. After being told this was one of the best Chinese restaurants in Charlotte, we had to check it out. Best Chinese, no. Upon arrival, I was highly disappointed that I felt like I was in a restaurant that was dated, to the 70s, and the other patrons were probably in their 70s, ha ha. Very old and stale feeling. We were seated immediately and ordered soup and entrees. The servers were nice, but the food was less than great. The soup was blah, no real flavor, and the entrees were overlooked and very blah as well. Nothing to write home about and too many other Chinese restaurants that are better.
4	My recent visits have shown that Shun Lee folks are happy I have come. Food is consistent. Definitely better than some other Chinese restaurants in the area.
4	Shun Lee Palace has been around since I was a little girl. The interior has changed, but not much. The koi painting that I always loved is still there. You no longer walk through a beaded curtain to use the restroom though, which I always thought was so cool!The food and service is good. The prices are great. I love the Wonton soup. You can order a Wonton Soup for 2 for under $7.00. Order it to go and you have enough soup to make a couple of meals off of it. Some of my favorite entrees are the sizzling three delights and shrimp with Chinese eggplant. These portions are always large enough for my husband and I to share. A delicious dinner for two with appetizers and wine under $30.00....tell me what is not awesome about that?  To satisfy those Chinese cravings, go check out Shun Lee Palace.
1	Haven't eaten here in years and decided to try it again since I was working on this side of town. This place isn't what it use to be. It looks the same, but the food is different and the staff aren't very helpful or friendly. Some other post indicated the original owner had sold and you can tell.
1	They give you an option of fried rice or white rice as a side with your meat dish, no charge. I usually like white, but as I was walking to my table I saw a plate of fried rice that looked amazing. I opted for the fried rice side. Ok, I get it. Perhaps the fried rice that comes  as a side for free won't be as decked out as that big plate. This fried rice was just soy sauce and white rice. Two small pieces of onion. In the whole bowl. That's not fried rice. Really, it's not. I could have made that at my table. Pour some soy sauce into white rice and rip off two pieces of my skin and viola- Shun Lee fried rice.The steamed pork dumpings were pretty thick on the dumpling part for some reason. The pork was really reddish in color. I've never seen pork dumplings so red. They usually are a mute pink/beige. Maybe it was Hong Kong BBQ pork stylee?We got the teriyaki beef skewers. It tasted more like sweet BBQ. The meat was tough but it was OK.Maybe we ordered wrong? This place has a huge menu. It seemed like it was going to be great. $$Our waiter got frustrated and let out a big sigh at our table picking up one plate and a glass. We didn't even ask for anything. It was kind of uncomfortable for us. Pretty disappointing. Step your game up, Shun Lee! Come on, we paid $30 for such a mediocre meal. I'll see how you guys are doing in the distant future.
2	not sure whats going on,, the place seems very tattered now,  and the food quality has seem to gone way down,, Michael is doing his best I know but sometimes you need to step back and figure out whats wrong :(
1	Buyer beware.  The service (by our lead waiter) was among the worst we have ever experienced. (Support staff was great, but Waiter was horrible). Went there Sunday night.  Rudest, most disrespectful server I've ever had. Tossing food on the table, reaching over my plate to fill water for someone else, taking food away before we were done. He had a huge chip on his shoulder, I'd say more like a boulder.  He was so unpleasant (borderline angry) and he ruined our dining experience.  He should not be working with the public.  I have never publicly written a bad review, because its just not my style but this experience was simply dreadful. I'm sorry to say we will not be back.
3	I came here late Saturday afternoon by myself after hearing "Chinese Food" by Alison Gold - a horrendous song, but made me want Chinese food regardless. It's situated on a strip behind Bojangles on Randolph with a pharmacy and barbershop that look like they're from the 1950s.First off - I liked the decor and ambience - yes, it is a little 1980s (reminds me of Chinese restaurants I ate at as a kid 25 years ago) but was clean and nicely presented. I was promptly greeted and seated and presented with some sauces and a bowl of crispy noodles. I had ordered a hot tea, vegetable egg roll, and tofu with fresh broccoli and brown rice. All of the for under $12 was a pretty good deal. The food was not phenomenal (I probably should have asked if they could make it spicy) but I did enjoy it. The broccoli was very crunchy, and the tofu was not the normal crispy fried kind but still good. I think I'd like to go back and try some other dishes. As for service, I've read lots of negative reviews here. I didn't have any problems with my servers - they were pretty fast and polite (about two or three different people brough food to my table). I think it's worth a try if you're nearby.
4	Ate here again Thursday night - had the broccoli in hot garlic sauce. Was good (again, wish it were spicier so I should ask next time) but I loved the vegetable roll. Please do not be put off by some of the negative reviews. I enjoyed my second time here and intend to make semi-regular visits as I live nearby.
5	We eat here weekly. We have our favorite dishes but when we do try something new it is always delicious! Customer service gets 2 thumbs up. The owner is super nice and always comes by to chat with us. Our favorite dishes are the cilantro curry shrimp, sub gum wanton soup, shrimp fried rice..... and sesame chicken- always super yummy! Its always nice when you walk into a facility and they welcome you by name. We love Shun Lee Palace!
3	I'm a big fan of Chinese food so when I was visiting my sister and her fiance this past Sunday I suggested Chinese for dinner.  Off we went to Shun Lee.  Apparently this is one of their favorite Chinese spots and it's pretty cute so I can see why.  The decor is traditional with the fish art, random music, and nice leather chairs.  These are pink!  We sat in a booth though.  Immediately we were provided with a complimentary appetizer of fried noodles with duck sauce and spicy mustard.  Seriously spicy mustard!  Our orders were quickly taken although when I specifically asked for lemon with my water that was ignored.  When I asked again, a whole ramekin was produced!  Molly S. ordered us an appetizer of crab rangoons.  My picture is of the remaining four since I neglected to take a picture until after two had been consumed.  Her fiancee also ordered some hot and sour soup and an egg roll.  I don't remember what Molly ordered, but her fiancee ordered this mound of rice with a variety of things in it -- eggs, some vegetables, pork, shrimp, and maybe beef.  I'd never seen such a thing.  It was cool!  This is where my review takes a hit.  They didn't have my favorite Kung Pao chicken.  So I kinda picked something random.  New Tze Chicken.  Next time I'll ask for a comparable selection to Kung Pao chicken.  According to the description on the menu, it has lightly fried chicken tenders, carrots, broccoli, and is served in a sauce with rice.  I thought it would have some spice element to it as well, but I must have misunderstood.  The dish was good, but I felt it was a little too sweet and the chicken was breaded just a little too much for my taste.  I must say that the service was very good though.  We were looked after, drinks refilled, and fried noodles were replenished.  One of our servers, seems they tag-team it, looked and sounded just like Jackie Chan too.  Not kidding.  I think if I ended up going back here, since Molly and her fiance seem to like it so much, I would just ask for help in ordering.  Looking at their website, it's pretty neat that you can place your order online for pickup or express dining too.
2	I feel like the quality of this place has gone downhill slightly over the years. More globbed on sauces and general blandness. Meh.
3	I had Shun Lee years ago and just went back recently--I had the vegetable fried rice and my boyfriend had the tofu. I assumed he like his; he ate it all.  The fried rice was as expected, so I have no complaints.  It's a hop from my house so I may just go back a little more often.  It's back in the cut, so you gotta make sure you turn onto Colwick and it's all the way in the back past the Krispy Kreme and Domino's.
5	Heres the skinny on great Chinese dining on Charlotte, this is the place to eat and enjoy a nice elegant Chinese meal. This place has been in Charlotte for as long as I can remember and if you didn't work on Colwick or drive down it everyday, you wouldn't know the place existed.  They don't advertise much at all and there really is no signage.  To be honest the outside is pretty stale.  But come inside and the atmosphere will blow you away.  You will think you are downtown or in Southpark.  No kidding!   Let me get some grub in my belly and I will lay it out for ya.Update.  The owner comes over and asks how is everything and makes small talk. -customer service five starsSoup was great I got the wonton soup to give it a whirl and loved it.  Crab ragoons, oh the crab ragoons!    I love these things and they have the best in charlotte hands down. Spring rolls were good, and these things they called shrimp toast were ok.  I didnt know what to expect since I had never heard of shrimp toast but wth right?   Live a little.  I really dont know how to describe them. Soy cake with ground shrimp maybe?   They were a good appetizer and I actually like the flavor but the texture threw me through a loop.   Try em, let me know what you think....Dinner comes right on time.  I dont give a crap what anybody says about food too long too early too whatever. My food, came out perfectly timed and the waiter was on point. Oh dinner...  8 chicken, chicken 8,  something like that with brown rice.  Nom nom nom.   Excellent stuff.  So now I sit, on my couch, belly full of really great chinese and all I can say is this, my fortune cookie fortune was lame reslly lame, but the service, food, and atmosphere was freaking Awesome!    Cheers!
