4	Friendly service... probably should have shopped around for some pricing, but the location was convenient to the office.  Seems like they work with you as far as trying to get your garments clean when you need them - just try to be courteous on your end and not wait till the last minute (I know situations happen but hopefully for serious events, you at least have some heads up as to what you will be wearing for a formal event).I only gave it 4 stars since the parking lot has 2 reserved spaces out front to dash in and out... but sometimes the Japanese place across the street gets terribly busy and customers doing take-out use these spaces.  There seems to be another entrance (around the backside, but it's not an entrance and there are no signs pointing that the other side is the only way in).
5	First time taking my clothes to a dry cleaners, and wasn't sure abt what to ask (starch, press, etc.). The mgmt was VERY helpful in guiding me through the process, and cut me a good deal. Prices aren't bad, and they do a good job. Will def be going back!
4	My husband and I used the Dry Cleaning Station a few times when we lived in that area. Great service.The owner once did a special job for us. My daughter needed a prom-style dress cleaned for a charity event. We got it from the thrift store because she only needed to wear it once. He went above and beyond to get the dress back to us in time and it looked fantastic, like brand new.
5	OK I don't believe this place is called the Dry Cleaning station.  My receipt said Cleaner at the Arbors last time I went.  But the building seriously just says Dry Cleaners on the outside...so who knows.  It is next to Starbucks and across the street from Five Guys.  Anyways...I'm a fan of this place and thought I needed to finally yelp them.I primarily go for alterations.  The seamstress is kinda brusk, but she knows her stuff and once you get past  that she's actually a pussycat with a decent sense of humor.  I've taken numerous garments there to be altered.  She's quick and did I mention good? Seriously good, and the prices are cheap.  I was frequenting SK Alterations further down the road and they do quality work as well, but price is often double.  Oh and FYI - DO NOT try Cassandra's Alterations.  The quality of work there was atrocious.  Usually I don't hesitate to put a business on blast with an official Yelp review, but I feel funny doing that to Cassandra's - can't explain why.  Probably b/c she did a *rush* job for me and boy you could see it in the quality of work.  But I digress.I was very concerned that the Tide cleaners opened around the corner.  I don't want my favorite seamstress to go anywhere.  So far so good /crossing fingers.
1	First of all the add outside about 5$ off is misleading. Moreover the service here is really bad. Inspite of not being able to give the shirts ontime she is really arrogant. The money saved by coming here isn't worth it. Would never return.
1	Giving this place even a one star is beyond what they deserve. I just moved onto the area from out of town and needed a dry cleaner place to go to. The first couple of times was great quick service. However. I made a bad mistake of losing my ticket. I came in during off hours, knowing that this would be time consuming.  The lady working there was extremely rude to me, being blunt and distasteful towards me from the get go. My name and number did not show up in the system at all! She said if I ever was a customer here, the computer system would have my name and we could've looked up all my previous orders. She called me a liar and stupid and suggesting that I must be at the wrong place. I assured her I wasn't, I've been to the Starbucks next to the place after getting my dry cleaner done multiple times. I even offered to help her and look in the back. She snapped at me saying she had a lot of work to be done. I left the place with no clothes and in a sour mood. Spare yourself the burden of dealing with these rude people and go ANYWHERE else.
