3	Aside from an interior screaming out for a refurbishment, the most bizarre music dribbling out of the speakers and a maze like shop layout, Al Haj has, for the most part, every rare ingredient you could wish for.  Whether it's Udon or Soba noodles, bok choi, cinnamon sticks or black bean sauce you'll find it here.  I've ventured here with many a complex recipe (mostly from Indian or Japanese cook books) and found everything I needed.  If your peckish during your wander round the shop be sure to pick up Mrs Uni's pakoras or samosas, you can whack them in your mouth and continue searching out those rare ingredients. Good hunting!
4	This is one of the shops that catches me on my hungry way home from the library. I know it's time for me to leave the library when I'm so hungry I start looking up recipes, and minutely going through the contents of my fridge and how I could put them together to make something delicious. Alhaj, which, honestly, I've always called the big expensive shop on Argyle Place, tends to cater to my every needs. But, oh boy, does it make a dent in my pocket.Calling all veggies out there: they have an amazing selection of tofu. Marinated tofu, smoked tofu, olive tofu... For some reason, once upon a time, I used to get tofu cravings when I was hungover. So this is where I went to indulge. One thing I will warn you about is that their sale section is generally really past the sell-by date. Though, this is handy to know: where the sell fruit and vegetables outside, they normally have an unmarked box full of goods all the way on the far right end of the stalls: if it's unmarked, it probably means they'll sell you the whole contents of the box for a pound or two. I mean, it may be expensive, but to be able to save in Edinburgh, you have to know how to shop.
4	If variety is the spice of life then this shop will really spice your life up.  There is an unbelievable amount of high quality fruit and veg on offer here.One of the things I like about this shop is also that it doesn't feel as cramped as other shops so it's easier to look around which is great considering how much range there is to look at here.  Indeed it will be a challenge just to decide what it is you want.There are a lot of fruit and veg shops in this area, but this one really does hold its own and is a place I would recommend.
4	Love it! I live around the corner and I am always in here picking up exotic bits and pieces for recipes that I find on food gawker... either that or I just fancied a really good veg samosa. The shop itself is a little run down looking, but I think this is part of its charm. The guys that work here and the owner are a really friendly bunch alwasy willing to help and offer advice. Got some interesting tips on Turkish food a copuple of days back. The have a huge mix of asian foods available and also a fantastic selection of vegetarian options in the freezers. Pop in for a browse you wont be disappointed.
5	Move over Tesco Metro and Sainsbury's Local. This innocuous, neighbourhood 'convenience store' isn't so much a convenience store as a Super Wholefoods Health Food & Groceries Store. It has everything - everything you could possibly need. Oh wait, except supermarket own-brand microwave meals. I stand correceted, it has everything you could possibly need for making your own meals at home with fresh ingredients, organic options, and taking into account all food intolerances and choices (with vegetarian Linda McCartney sausages, to Organic Yeast-Free Stock cubes and gluten-free rice flour or Kelp Udon noodles).Locals who have already been into this store, but maybe not in a wee while - go back. It was only recently bought over. It's the same layout inside, but painted light blue on the outside now. You wouldn't even know it has changed hands, you may think the preivous owner just completely pulled his socks up. But now, it's new ownership. And wow, after speaking to the owner I can tell he's passionate about keeping the residents of Marchmont as well-stocked as possible.My one suggestion would be to rename the store "Jen's Store of Happy" as it has everything I could possibly need in to make me happy. All the brands that I often have to trawl across Edinburgh to seek out and buy. It's brought the teas of Jordan Valley together with the gluten-free flour and noodles of Real Foods, and has a really big fruit and veg section, with a new butcher section too for fresh meat.Here's a wee snippet of what I found when browsing:Yogi TeasDorset Cereal MuesliDove Organic Gluten Free FloursDehydrated Kale Chips.Kalo Stock CubesNakd Snack BarsBiona 100% Rye BreadsFresh fruit and vegetablesNew butcher counterShelves upon shelves of grains and lentilsShelves upon shelves of nuts and berriesEcover cleaning productsShelves upon shelves of pasta sauces, jarred vegetablesRice noodles, kelp noodles, udon noodlesA huge spice wrack with more spices than I've seen anywhere elseI can't even begin to describe how much goodness is packed into the shelves here. It's like a supermarket you'd find in a French town, where microwave meals are unheard of and everyone cooks everything from scratch. Quite often health food and 'specialist food' stores are small in size and stock. But not Bodrum. It has the speciality but in vast quantity and range too.Ok I'll stop gushing. But stepping in here made me immediately want to start cooking every single meal from scratch. And so I went home and made a green juice and snacked on kale chips. And it was good.I can honestly say I'll come here every few days for my groceries, and probably rarely frequent a supermarket in the area now.
4	Finally produce that is edible! Tesco and Sainsburrys have horrible produce so I only shop here for fresh fruit and vegetables.
4	As a vegan this place offers the best supply of vegan frozen meals and mock meats. I was in heaven when I saw they Amy's frozen burritos.
