5	We took a sunrise flight with Doug and his crew.  This is a family business and it makes for a fun experience.  It is beautiful to fly with sites like Red Rocks and the mountains one direction and the strip and the desert floor the other.  I would highly recommend this flight.  From the early morning lift off to the champagne toast afterwards!!
5	I was visiting Las Vegas on one of my many trips here and looked up Las Vegas Balloon Rides to take me in a Hot Air Balloon.  It was a wonderful experience from start to finish.  After the flight we were treated to Mimosas (champagne and Orange Juice) and breakfast afterwards.  If you are thinking of going flying while you are in Las Vegas.  Pick Las Vegas Balloon Rides.  They are locally owned and easy to work with.
5	We had such an unbelievable experience, thanks to the amazing pilot and crew at Las Vegas Balloon Rides!!  I highly recommend doing this while you're in town.  They were so great!
5	The balloon ride was great.  I took my two kids (7 and 11) and they both loved it.  I loved the fact there were discount children rates! Doug the Captain has decades of experience with a flawless safety record.  We got fantastic views of the Red Rock mountain area.  The take off and landing were both super smooth and we got a full hot breakfast after the ride.
4	Definitely a bucket list kinda thang!!! BF and I wanted to do something different and something we've both never done before.... I saw this deal on Amazon Local and figured that's COMPLETELY DIFFERENT from all the hype that is Las Vegas. Although we started way early for my liking, it was a pretty dope experience! From watching them inflate a hot air ballon that came outta a family van, to being 1300 feet above ground, to watching them deflate the hot air.... It was something we'll both never forget! Please take note: I'm scared of heights and didn't look down once. But, it was amazing. And didn't even feel shaky at all. Felt like we were on solid ground.
5	Doug and his crew are knowledgeable and very friendly. Great balloon ride, nice hot breakfast afterward. Would recommend to anyone!
5	Wonderful experience!            My Husband and I surprised my folks with a sunrise hot air balloon ride for their anniversary. We took advantage of their Living Social offer. I trusted this company based off previous happy yelpers, and was thankful it was even more wonderful than I had expected!!!! Communication with Doug is flawless, he always answered his phone and was happy to help with any questions or requests to help surprise my parents. Meet up and pick up went smooth. The ride was amazing! Doug is full of personality and helps you feel comfortable the entire time! There were 6 passengers in our ride and everyone enjoyed every second! The take off and landing were smooth, they don't expect you to do any work or clean up once you land. We enjoyed a (non alcoholic) champagne toast after the ride. Breakfast was hot and tasty.... eggs, bacon, toast, and pancakes...... nothing fancy but much better than I expected!!!! The balloon ride is calm and peaceful, experience it with someone important to you and you wont be disappointed! Wonderful way to start your day!!!!
5	I wanted to surprise my boyfriend with a hot air balloon ride for his birthday weekend in Vegas. He had no idea what we were doing up at 5 in the morning, but once Doug came with his van I think he became rather excited. It was a pleasure to do business with Doug, as other people said, there was no problem with communication with Doug. He told us he would pick us up at the Cosmopolitan at 5:45am but when it was 10 min after I called to make sure everything was okay and he apologized and said he would be there in 3 min. Sure enough he arrived 3 minutes later. We were driven to a bar/restaurant to get some papers signed, after that he brought us to the take off location where we watched them unfold and set up the balloon, and blow it up! It was such a cool experience! Getting into the basket was fun but it was a bit rocky and unstable. Going up into the air was a rush. I had been skydiving before but this was a different experience considering we were going up slowly and watching the ground level decrease beneath us. Another thing to be aware of is, it is necessary to keep the fire pumping throughout the entire trip and the heat from the fire is pretty hot. At some points I felt like my head and face was on fire. Once we landed, Doug brought out some non-alcoholic champagne and orange juice for us to toast to a completed trip. We were driven back to the bar/restaurant and given a complimentary breakfast while watching a slideshow of pictures from our trip.Throughout the entire experience we had a great time because Doug was full of jokes and we felt very comfortable. We enjoyed learning about hot air ballooning and him and his family's history with hot air balloons. The best part was watching Doug's son and his friend base jump/sky dive off the side of the hot air balloon basket! This is a family owned business and there was a lot of teamwork involved. I was thoroughly impressed with how well everybody worked together. They definitely knew what they were doing and were very professional in all aspects. THIS IS THE COMPANY TO GO TO EVERYBODY! I remember I had trouble figuring out which hot air balloon company would be the best considering there are a few others but I am extremely happy this is the one I ended up going through with. The other company "Vegas Balloon Rides" came later and kind of 'took' Doug's company name. Doug has been around for longer than anybody out there. He knows what he is doing!Everybody should try this at least once in their life! and definitely go with Las Vegas Balloon Rides!
1	Not impressed at all. I paid 200 to go up and see the top of my house.  We traveled from Post and Ft Apache to Windmill and Durango.  I wish someone had warned me of where the flight would go. The pilot/owner spent 1/2 the time telling jokes, which was good. Unfortunately, the other 1/2 was spent bad mouthing the competitor.  That's not enjoyable.  And talk about HOT.  You need a hat... NEED!  They should set better expectations, an email covering what to bring doesn't cost anything and is just good customer service.  We almost landed on private property, the landing team had to help the basket get over gate.  There were 13 total on the trip including the pilot. It might be legal, but for a comfortable experience, it should be limited to 9. You get handed a disclosure on a lanyard which says tipping the pilot is customary.  umm its not customary to tip the owner.  Speaking of which, four of us on the ride were told that if they wanted an extra 30 minutes, they could pay an extra 50 in cash.  umm yet again. On the good side, you don't feel anything when up in the air. Also good, the pilot has a lot of flight experience and the crew is polite.
5	I surprised my skydiving husband with a balloon ride/jump for his birthday.  It was amazing!  He got to jump out of the balloon with his other skydiving friends.  It gave the other passengers an added treat to watch 6 people jump out of our balloon (not at the same time).  The staff are nice and have a good time doing what they do.  They make the experience fun.  I definitely recommend this company.  They are the only one in the valley with a perfect safety record.  I also recently sent my father-in-law and my hubby for a balloon ride with this company while he was visiting us.  I can't wait to go again!
5	Almost every weekend I see a group of balloons floating around near the hills on the southwest side of town.I thought I should jump at the chance to see the city from high in the sky. I have gone on a balloon ride twice before so I knew what to expect when I booked the ride. *I would suggest booking a flight when the weather is cool- spring or fall.*Be flexible with the dates that you can fly- the weather here in the desert in very unpredictable. Too much heat or wind is not a good thing when flying. *Wear comfy clothes and shoes. *Dress in layers. Its a bit cool when you take off, but once the sun rises, you will heat up.* Most importantly... WEAR A HAT!  The pilot and crew were very positive and professional. I felt safe the entire flight. We hovered around the south west side of town near Fort Apache/Wet and Wild area. After the flight we were served non alcoholic champagne and then taken to a local establishment for a hearty breakfast- a reward for getting up so early. LVBR were proud of their business and were invested in each passenger having a safe and memorable experience.
4	I bought an Amazon Local deal to take my girlfriend on a hot air balloon ride for her birthday back in September.  The weather foiled our plan a few times, and I started to get skeptical, but after the light breeze we had for today's ride, I totally understand why anything stronger for wind is unsafe.The flight itself was great and, all around, a really cool experience - a bucket list item, as many have said.  We took off around 7:30am, flew for about an hour, and went to Denny's for breakfast after a champagne toast upon landing.  The balloon was a little packed (we had 12 passengers on our flight), but it wasn't horrible - kinda' like riding public transportation.  I'm 6'4", so the 55,000+ BTU flame throwers overhead were a little uncomfortable at times, but overall we both enjoyed it a lot!Doug has a lot of experience, told some funny jokes along the way, and gave us thorough briefings to prepare us for the ride.  The staff was all friendly, and we got some amazing views around the valley.  Thanks, Las Vegas Balloon Rides!
5	I'm so glad I found Las Vegas Balloon Rides when my girlfriend and I visited Vegas last week. It was our 10 year anniversary so I wanted it to be special. Let me just say that Doug (owner and pilot) was very helpful through the whole process - nice, funny, and accommodating (helped mount my GoPro on the balloon) from the phone call to the day of.  The ride itself was serene and breathtaking. It's hard to explain what it feels like to be in a hot air balloon. I expected it to be unstable when I saw it up close given the fact that you're standing in a wooden basket attached to a huge piece of cloth(!), but it was nothing of the sort. Smooth sailing the whole time - you don't even realize you're in the air until you look straight down, and even then it's more awe than fear. LV Balloon Rides gave us the best price in the city, and with it we got a pilot who has been in the business for 30+ years (at least). I recommend it wholeheartedly.
5	One of our friends got us a hot air balloon ride as a wedding gift. The crew did a good job of keeping everyone comfortable and up to speed on what was going on. We were up in the air before the other balloons. Our pilot explained a lot about the scenery and landscape. He also told a lot of good jokes to keep us occupied. Overall a great experience.
5	All I can say is wow! I bought a ticket for myself and my bf. He had such a great time even with our heights phobia, hahah. Doug was our pilot and let me tell you he's one funny man. He makes the ride quite an experience. The landing was super easy. We had a champagne toast and the end. To top it off we had a wonderful breakfast. I would definitely recommend.
5	Definitely a "bucket list" experience!  Doug Sr (owner), his son, and crew have an awesome gig! There's something peaceful and amazing about  being in the sky.. a bit scary if you're not used to heights, but Doug is very confident, reassuring and great at his job (he's been flying for over 40 yrs).. 100% safety rating and highly recommended!! Includes breakfast too!
5	Amazing experience! Thanks Doug! Great ride and perfect ending! It was the perfect way to start our first day of marriage! The views were phenomenal
5	This was one of the best experiences of my life! The crew was amazing and made everybody feel so safe. Doug the pilot was crackin jokes and makin us laugh the whole time. He also gave us lots of great facts. Then we got breakfast and champagne toasts at the end. I'll never forget this day! Thank you Las Vegas Balloon Rides and crew. You guys were fanastic!
5	Our trip on 12/28/14 was fabulous!  This was my second hot air balloon ride and I thought the first one was great but I have to say, this was even better.  Thanks to Doug and his crew for a memorable trip and a smooth landing this time.  We were fortunate enough to have a few low-level sky divers join us for half the trip.  It made our flight even more exciting.  The breakfast and Mimosas after the flight were not too shabby either.  I would highly recommend this to all my family and friends.  Thank you so much, you were great!!!!!
