5	I love this place. The owners are great. I brought my family in there to try some gelato, and it did not disappoint. Everything is made from scratch, with truly original flavors. I had the sweet corn, chocolate mousse, and pistachio. Far and away the best gelato I've ever had. The owner Luigi, kept bringing my kids same flavors. They absolutely loved it! It's great to see someone doing something positive in the downtown area. Go check it out, I guarantee you will love it. They will have pints, quarts, and cakes coming soon. They are also planning on doing home made cookies for ice cream sandwiches.
5	Sorry Luv-its, good luck competing against Art of Flavors, they have seats, take credit and debit cards, and the owners are vested, friendly, and obviously care about their business. I met Desyree and she was soooooo nice and you could tell a bit anxious and cute about her brand new business right next to Viva Las Arepas. It's places like this that are helping clean up the area.    They don't offer toppings (not at this point) which is keeping the flavors au' natural.. In my opinion that's a good call! If you need syrups and toppings to hide or enhance a flavor then maybe it wasn't that good to begin with. They make some everyday flavors and others exotic flavors as well, I had the white coffee bean today and I loved it!!Hey folks, it's hot, it's summer and its Las Vegas so I recommend trying it. I've never had gelato before and I liked it.
5	Mad props to Amanda G. for checking in so often and piquing my interest. A group of friends and I checked out Art of Flavors yesterday after hearing a lot of buzz surrounding this little gelato shop. Wow, were we in for a treat.First of all, the owner Desyree is super nice and will let offer you tastes of all of the flavors. DO NOT RESIST. They are all exceptional. Standouts for me include the coffee, mango, and the chocolate. Oy, the chocolate! The chocolate here is superb, albeit a bit rich, but I love rich desserts so I was in heaven. Desyree explained that the chocolate gelato's consistency is a bit different because of the amount of water that she adds to it, thus lending it a mousse-like consistency. She recommended mixing a fruit or coffee scoop to balance out the richness, but I opted for a cone of chocolate. For less than 5 dollars, it is a meal onto itself.While we were eating Desyree kept coming over to check on us, bring us fresh-baked cookies and explaining what else the shop will be offering in the future such as gelato cakes and gelato cookies. So to conclude, five star service and six star gelato can't be beat!P.S. They accept credit cards, score!
5	Wow. What a gem. Owners super nice and let us sample everything we wanted. Real fresh ingredients that you can taste in every bite. This is a place that you are so happy to find and will definitely be coming back to again and again. My wife got the sweet corn and also avocado, really unique flavors but really good.
5	Los mejores helados en Las vegas!!, cada semana hay diferentes sabores, tienen un sabor sorpresa! Absolutamente recomendados!!
5	The gelatos and sorbets are amazing. Everything is Made from all natural ingredients, and Chef Desyree makes them all herself! When I visited, she had me taste all of the flavors (all delicious) and she is very eager to share her excitement and knowledge of her products.My favorites were fiori di latte (the purest form of gelato, no vanilla in it), nutella, and RUM RAISIN (SOOOOOO good)!  My friends and I had just finished eating at Viva Las Arepas next door, and were really stuffed, but somehow had extra room for gelato and sorbet.If you are in that area, you should definitely check this place out. Well worth it!
5	My fiance and myself were going to dinner next door and decided to check out this place. The owner attended to us with such joy and gave us a taste of every flavor. It was amazing. The flavor to her gellato was out of this world. All natural flavors. I had the pineapple and it was amazing. Not too sweet just right! Love it and owner are very welcoming.!
5	All the gelatos/sorbettos are made there , all are made from natural ingredients , very high quality on the taste.
5	Seriously this is a can't miss place. High end dessert chef dreamed of opening her own place. Spent so much time explaining her product. Gave me five taster spoons without me asking so I could get a good idea of what she has to offer. I think she had like 20 flavors at least. Crispy homemade waffle cone; support this place. It's the kind of individually owned place I LOVE but could die because of location. Don'tet that happen!
5	Chef Deyree makes some incredible Gelato.  Surprisingly, I thought the cucumber ginger was the most unique and flavorful.  The mango, raspberry and passion fruit were also excellent as was the chocolate.  This Gelato contains fresh and pure ingredients and the chef is clearly proud of the product.  We were able to sample the different flavors from pure vanilla to complex coffee favored flavors.  It is a welcome neighbor to Viva Las Arepas and everyone should stop there for desert.
5	We found it: BEST gelato in Las Vegas. All flavors are natural, soft creamy texture. Best pistachio gelato I have EVER had.
5	My family n I hv been there 2x so far. Owners are friendly. Gelato is amazing. All flavors are made fresh with real ingredients.  They even have sour sop! Their passion fruit is spot on and their chocolate is phenomenal. It is dark, dairy free and very rich. Owner Desiree is from Valensuela so they know what good chocolate is!  I had the peanut butter and the hazelnut chocolate last night because it was not as sweet as the other items.  I personally think the sweetness can be toned down a bit more. Fyi they are working a whoopi pie gelato sandwich for which we had a taste. The one we tried was a chocolate pie +vanila (she has an italian name for it) gelato... slightly crunchy on the outside and soft & cakey in the inside= awesome...  go n try yourself! Yk
5	OMG .... This place is Broke da Mouth as they would say in the Islands and that is absolutely unbelievable ... A Must try !!!
5	One of the two best places to go for ice cream/gelato in Las Vegas.  This newer spot on Las Vegas Boulevard near the Stratosphere is just wonderful.We came here for a sweet treat and we weren't disappointed.  I had the sweet corn and my wife had the pistachio gelato.  Both were very good.  There are several tables so you don't have to go back to your car to enjoy your frozen treat!The woman who owns the place is just a delight.  She is so friendly and she wants to have you try almost every flavor she makes. The shop is clean and bright and welcoming.  There is a bathroom and it was kept nicely clean.  In addition to the gelato, she serves some baked goods and coffee and tea.The parking is the only potential drawback.  During the day, it's probably more difficult to get a space here but I got one right in front of the sexy clothing women's store.  Viva Las Vegas!I'll be back to try the chocolate gelato with two peppers to give it some heat with the cold.
5	Fresh gelato and sorbet from people that know how to do it, is going to be the best. This is the best place i have been in United States so far. I've tried from many places and states like Florida, Ohio, DC, Texas among others.  And i must say that all of then are delicious. I had a hard time to make my mind to pick a flavor.  They have some tasty and wonderful combination of flavor that the only word that come to my mind is WOW, OH MY GOD and similar. In other words is like having the best gelato without traveling to italy. I am from Florida and was in vegas for two weeks coming, in my stay I visit Art of Flavors several times and everytime that was there and see the people's faces trying the gelato you can tell that are amazing. Everything is made in the gelateria with natural ingredients by Chef Desiree Alberganti, and i must say that the way she explain all the products is outstanding, she takes the time with every customer, you feel  like you are talking to a person you know from years, you can sense  the passion for what she does. They have the regular and unique flavors that you wont find it anywhere. Some of the gelatos are strawberry, straberry and cream mix berries, chocolate peperoncino which is spicy and amazing, chocolate, passion fruit, mango, guava, pistachio, tiramisu, caribbean fusion with mamey fruit and cinnamon is incredible,  passion fruit with rosemary and thyme is so tasty and refreshing, sweet corn delicious, hazelnut, fior di latte which is the pure representation of the gelato itself, white coffee, and for the sorbetts are orange, cucumber and ginger is so unique and refreshing, chocolate is so good and creamy, coconut, mango, passion fruit, Just to mention some of then so you have and idea when you come.  and she is always making new flavors.  The prices are for one scoop 3,25, two scoops 4,95 and three scoops 5,75 aditional to the gelatos the offer espresso, water, ice tea, and italian drinks. The only bad thing is that I dont live here in vegas.
5	I couldn't agree more with all the other reviews. So friendly, fresh and made with care! They are going to start making pastries in October, I will wait in line for the gelato, pastries on top of that? How much better could it get?? Amazing experience and flavor, I easily see making the drive from Henderson at least once a week. No more store bought or Luv Its for me!
5	Happy Tongue! But first, the hours:12n - 10p Weekdays12n - 11p WeekendsI did get the impression that they would stay open as long as there are customers, and there should be a constant line of customers.Like others have said, the customer service is beyond excellent. They go above and beyond what is expected to make sure you understand what you are getting and what they have to offer. I think 25% of the cost of the gelato goes toward sampling spoons! The flavors are all extremely good and inventive. The dark chocolate is like brownie batter. The white coffee bean is the best version of a cold cup of coffee I've ever had. Hazelnut goes great with those two. The sweet corn is so subtle yet very flavorful and savory. What is really fun is seeing 3 families huddled over the display cooler, and sampling away and discussing the flavors. Do not pass this up! Awesome flavors, great owners, phenomenal experience. Thank you Chef D for bringing this to Vegas!
5	I was shown and explained a lot of the flavors when I walked in. Tasted a bunch of the flavors and the people behind the counter were VERY friendly and helpful. Ended up with the Peanut Butter & Banana and my friend getting the Guava. Both tasted fantastic, I wanted to get a scoop of each flavor! I will definitely be back. The only quirk to me is the location, and the parking isn't that great, but this is a review about the gelato which was great!!
5	This is the best gelato I've had EVER. Chef Desyree is so kind and amazing. She really makes you feel welcome and comfortable when you go in there. She also takes her time to explain and lets you try as many gelato and sorbets as you want. Excellent service! It was really hard to decide on what to get because everything was delicious! In the end my bf and I choose Caribbean Fusion and the house cream flavor or something like that. I would highly recommend going there!
5	I give this place two thumbs up! The gelatos are to die for, with many selection of flavors and different styles to place them in such as a delicious gelato cookie sandwich. The staff member was super friendly, letting us try as many samples as we wanted. I love the cioccolato e pereroncino flavor with the fun experience of originally tasting like chocolate and then getting the red chili tingle right after. The staff member also  kindly answered any questions we had and passionately explained how she made each and every flavor right in their location so every thing is fresh. For any folks staying at the Stratosphere and itching to try a new dessert place, I highly recommend this location since it is just walking distance from the hotel & casino and the gelatos are very yummy!
5	Awesome place for gelato!!  Decided to give this place a try after going to Viva Las Arepas next door, and it was great. The owner is super friendly and was excited for us to try her gelato, so she offered us many samples! We settled on the sweet corn gelato and the avocado gelato, both of which were fantastic. Every gelato we had a sample of was solid, so you can't go wrong. The decor in the place isn't fully finished yet, as the place has only been open a month, but the gelato was great.
5	Yes! A real gelato and sorbet restaurant owned and operated by a nice local family. Finally!  I had grown quite tired of the big corporate wannabe gelato places in town and had given up going to them anymore.  That's been a real shame since I have been known to slam down some frozen treats any time of day. These guys know how to make real gelato from scratch with unique flavors that change daily. Of course they have the usual old reliable flavors everyone loves...toss in real guava, avocado, white bean coffee, spicy peperoncini chocolate and you have a huge win in the dessert department!I had a chance to chat with the owners at length and can tell they care about quality product and service. I even had a chance to try out tomorrows special...it's a secret and I'm not telling.  Today I had white coffee bean affogato.  For the newbs out there...that's gelato with espresso poured over it. BAM! Energized and ready to go. Having this place within walking distance of my home is fantastic...I may just need to get a second job to support my habit!  Skip the corporate B.S. around town, this is the real deal.
5	Love it!  Family owned, all the goodies made from scratch, great prices, and excellent product.  If that isn't enough for you, I dunno what you want?!Went with the Gelato Sandwich ($4): Freshly Baked Cookies (literally scraped off the pan), with Nocciola Gelato and Hazelnuts! Awesome!  You choose your gelato, but after one bite of the Hazelnut, I knew that's what I was gonna go for anyways!  I think 2-3 other Yelpers went with the EXACT same combination, so it must have been good!I got to sample quite a few of their products, and I have plenty of reasons to come back!  Check it out :PPics :
5	Bravo.  New, clean, excellent gelato and sorbeto with many choices. All can be sampled prior to ordering.  Great service, great prices. What more can you ask?
5	Wow! The interesting flavors are crazy good. They know food science and pairings. Sampling is encouraged. I ended up with avocado and the spiced chocolate. My taste buds danced for joy.
5	What a treasure hidden just past the Stratosphere near Luvit Custard . Where to begin the owner is so charming and it truly is artisanal you can feel and taste the love . She graciously walked me through a gelato tasting and the flavors are all wow ! 100% hand made natural and exactly what I tasted in Italy.  Nice deco and great vibe here - nothing not to like its a true 5 star experience - I'm usually a perfectionist and find something to improve everywhere I go but not here 100% 5 Star and gotta love an entrepreneur with so much pride and love for what she does. Come out and support her!
4	The place to go for gelato in Las Vegas! I tried different favors but the most surprising...definitely the cioccalato di pepperocino! If you're into strange things, you need to try this flavor. It goes into your mouth as an intense chocolate filled flavor and bounces back with a red pepper tang. Although, I'm not much of a pepper person so I opted out for the peanut butter gelato which was great! Trust me when I say, this is an awesome whole in the wall. Not exactly in the best part of town, but it's worth it. Just say no if someone asks you for money!
5	After having lunch at Viva Las Arepas next door, it was only natural to stop by here and check them out. Originally I just wanted to see what flavors they had but the nice lady behind the counter who introduced herself as Desyree was kind enough to explain the whole process of how everything was made fresh in house and insisted on me sampling any of the flavors. Well, since she insisted, :) I ended up trying almost half of their products.I ended up getting the Cookies n Cream. So much for just checking it out! Lol. You can taste the overall freshness of the gelato. Next visit maybe I will sample the other half that I didn't get to especially the Chocolate with Red Chili. If that is anything like the Mango Chile Lime at Bacchanal Buffet then that alone warrants another trip here!I like the overall ambience of the place. Just enough tables and chairs, no weird smells, and very clean. This location is ideal because they are right off of Las Vegas Blvd. Lots of places to check out around the area and this place should be one of them especially during those hot triple digit summer months. But hay, just because its not hot doesn't mean you cant make this as one of your stops!Service was very professional. Desyree, who I found out later one was one of the owners, was very friendly and outgoing. Definitely no negative vibes here! Love the fact that they are family owned and operated so support your local businesses guys!From what I remember, the hours were 12 pm to 10 pm everyday. Give them a call to make sure so you don't waste a trip. So if you ever need that gelato fix, this is the place!
5	SWEET CORN GELATO? HELLS YEA!Sooo I shant bore you with stuff thats already been said, I will say this: SWEET CORN GELATO IS THE BUSINESS! Seriously! I was a little apprehensive to try it, but mah little boo said it was yummy so I had to give it a try and good thing I did! Chef Des is amazing!We tried the sweet corn, pistachio, and Santiago had a BYO cookie sandwich with cookies and cream.All flavors were amazing, and Santiago ate the sandwich up! I love that she lets you try the flavors and gives you info on them!The chocochili is also very delicious as is the creamy nutella and hazelnut that I had on my next visit!!Go give AOF a try!
5	This is the real deal. Everything is delicious! Please hurry there to keep this gem in business. It's on the same side of LVB as the Strat. Park near Betty Boop!
5	For  the past 7+ years I've brought my family to the Belagio for Gelato, but as long as AOF is in town I will never go anywhere else again! Absolutely delicious, superior Gelato in a pleasant atmosphere with a happy, informative and generous owner who clearly takes pride in her product. I am thrilled to have found a local, small business with an absolutely amazing product to support!
5	Holy smokes, Rocky, this place is legitimately epic!  Yes, I said it and I really mean it.  I've been deprived of sugar for the last three months, but I still mean it.  Ever since this place opened a couple of months ago, I've seen my friends check in here, raving about its deliciousness, especially the Duchess, Amanda M.  FINALLY, it was my turn to sample the goods and BAM!  It was worth the wait.  I won't rehash what all the other 5 star reviews have said, except to say that you should come to this place and try the gelato yourselves.  You can sample all you want and then good luck with making a decision.  I kind of knew what I wanted before I got here, so I went with the sweet corn, sampled the coconut, and had the duo together:  heaven!  I wanted to lick the bowl, I didn't, and now I wish I had.  I would like all future cheat meals to be scheduled here for the time being, especially since Amanda told me they usually have a flavor made with stevia.  Try it, you'll like it.
5	First time checking this place out! Super friendly and super yum. So many good flavors hard to choose. Very helpful staff to help me make up my mind.
5	As an Asian, I really don't think it's news when I say I won't say no to a free sample. Just to set the record straight, I DID make a transaction here at Art of Flavors, but I certainly did get my sample fix. And can I just say that for that alone, these guys here are made for customer service. Sweet corn. Ooh, can I taste that? I don't even know what that would be like! Stracciatella. Is this going to be on the same level as the ones in Europe? (Yes).Hazelnut. Well I bet that's just like frozen Nutella! The above is pretty much my experience here at this new gelato joint, give or take about 15 additional flavors. No, it's not in the best of neighborhoods, what with being north of the Stratosphere, but when you're jonesing for a cuppa' cool and then happen to remember you also want a hot, fresh arepa or a slutty fishnet dress - both available on either side of the store - well, this IS the place to go.
5	super friendly and super tasty. we were given sample after sample without any hesitation, and with explanation of each flavor which I thought was awesome. shared a panini with my husband---delicious! will definitely be returning.
5	Really nice peeps (;  all natural & house made.  Nice place too (:  refreshing find in Vegas!
5	It has been some time since I went here and now this review. Yet I remember the flavors like it was just yesterday. Everyone speaks about the passion, the free tastings, and the quality of the product. I won't be going into that.Instead, I will just leave it at how every flavor is amazing. The sweet corn and avocado are my favorite out of all of them. That includes chocolate hazelnut, spicy chocolate, and their array of sorbets. All of the flavors are rich, bold, and smooth. What they don't possess is an overdose of sweetness. I like the fact that I don't feel gross after a double serving. I normally go for lighter desserts, but this is definitely worth the cheat.
4	Freshly made ice-cream using natural ingredients, no artificial flavors. Every flavor we tried was fresh and unique. A must try if you're in Vegas.
5	I heard of of this via Yelp friends check ins. Lots of people were checking and shared interesting gelato flavors, such as corn. I like to try new flavors and this intrigued me. Not that I didn't trust my fellow yelpers, but I just had to try myself. On my first visit, the owner Desyree just kept giving me different flavors to try and was not stingy about it!. I think I tried about 10 different ones until I made my decision....I had the pear gorgonzola on top of creme brulee. It was nice a savory snack and dessert at the same time. Well, the pear gorgonzola is actually not cheesy strong, it was just light enough that you can taste the cheese but sweet with the pear jam. Creme brulee was creamy and had crunchy bits of burnt sugar. It was soooooooo good.On my second visit, within 5 days, they had new flavors. They were grapefruit, arancia (orange), corn, rum raisin, and others but I only tried these. I am still in love with the pear gorgonzola so I got that with sweet corn on top. I love that the owner is not afraid to try new flavor combinations in sweets and look forward to future flavors. If you have not tried this place yet, you are missing out. Go to Art of Flavors now!
5	Friendly service. Offered suggestions. Didn't rush me. Super yummy! Definitely coming back. Chocolate is my favorite!
5	Wow!!!  This gelato shop is the BEST ever.  I am so glad Debbie took Earl and I here today to end our dinner with a sweet note.I enjoyed listening to Desyree explaining the different flavors, component, etc.  She is very passionate about her work of art.  We got to try so many different flavors so we decided to share the panini with the pear gorgonzola, with pear chutney and walnuts.  It came with hot cocoa, and they gave it to us in three little cups.  Wow!  Everything was delicious, down to the hot cocoa.  We each also got our own two scoops of gelato.  I requested mine in a waffle cone.  It was a hard decision on which two, but I finally went with the pear gorgonzola and  coconut.I believe I found my new go to dessert spot.  The perfect gelato spot, with high quality ingredients.  Oh, and awesome owners.
5	When I went to Italy with my brother, it was his first trip but already my third.  While my brother is a passionate art lover, I am an abject ignoramus.  So how did I bide my time while bro was spending the whole day in various museums I had already been to?  Yuppers, you guessed it:  gelato!!  To be fair, I enjoyed lots of terrific coffee and pasta also.  But after almost a week in Rome, sampling countless flavors from dozens of gelaterias, I am kinda sorta a gelato expert.  So trust me when I say this:  the gelato at Art of Flavors is as good as any you'll find in the Eternal City.  If you can't quite swing the airfare to Roma, just visit Art of Flavors (unless you're an art lover, then you'll have to pony up for the ticket).First, the location.  Yes, it's in a divey area: strip club across the street, dive bar a half-block away ... Las Vegas Boulevard north of the Stratosphere ain't the Via Condotti.  But if you're worried for your safety, no need.  As, uh, "un-posh" as the area might look, it's perfectly safe.  Cops cruise up and down Las Vegas Boulevard constantly. Crime is not an issue here.  As for parking, it is limited in front of AoF, but there are more spaces at the far end of the little strip mall that AoF occupies.On to the important stuff:  the gelato!  Wow, I can't say enough about the quality.  A lot of places advertise that they serve gelato when really it's just fancy-pants ice cream.  Gelato has less sugar, butterfat & air than premium ice creams and is served at a higher temperature (right around 32 degrees, instead of 10-20 degrees for ice cream), which means that the flavors come through more.  And Chef Desyree makes all her flavors herself.  The Italian donut?  Yup, she makes the donuts from scratch, mashes them down, then makes a gelato out of the mash.  Same with the cinnamon rolls that go into the cinnamon roll gelato.  And the lemon curd that goes into the lemon meringue gelato.  Of course, all the fruit sorbettos are made with fresh fruit.  The only ingredient I think she doesn't make from scratch is the Oreo cookie crumbles in the cookies & cream gelato.  All that work must be difficult and time-consuming, but Desyree won't settle for less.  She is absolutely passionate about the quality of her gelato.  And as other Yelpers have mentioned, the staff wants you to sample the interesting, often very different flavors they offer, like sweet corn, avocado, and pepper chocolate.  If you're curious about a flavor, don't be shy about asking for a sample!Whether gelato, ice cream, or frozen custard, Art of Flavors is the best frozen dairy in Las Vegas by a country mile.  A lot of my recommendations for eating spots in Las Vegas are location-dependent.  For example, I like Burger Bar @ Mandalay Place for an inexpensive (relative speaking, for the Strip) dining option.  Would I suggest you go there if you were staying at the Tropicana?  Absolutely!  Staying at the Wynn?  Nah, don't bother.  But regardless of where you are in Las Vegas, if you love ice cream (or in this case, its Italian interpretation known as gelato), you MUST GO to Art of Flavors!  Heck, gelato this good, I'd drive from St. George.
5	I don't make it out to this seemingly shadier part of town very often.  It is after all near the intersection of OG, a bail bond business and an alternative fashion shop (where I visited to offer my second opinion while stripper girlfriends do their shopping).  But I am glad I came.Art of Flavors definitely lived up to the high praises offered up thus far by the Yelp community.  Their selection of gelato is sizable, even compared to other much better financed operations up and down the Strip.  The thought process that goes into developing and making each flavor is something you can taste in the final product behind the display case.  Chef Desyree is very passionate about her products, and is more than happy to let customers sample the gelatos that are available.  Feel free to ask her questions, because she will be happy to tell you about her gelato and how they are made, the inspiration for making it.  The foodie in you will totally dig it!Besides the really good gelato, they have Gelato Panini on the menu.  That is something I have not seen anywhere else and have yet to try it.  It is probably the same concept as a tempura ice cream, where the batter and cake layer shields the ice cream from melting during the frying process.The hot chocolate is also very good.  The flavor is definitely not water down, and very good once the weather cools down in the coming weeks.Stop by and give the gelato a try. You will leave happier than you came in.*Amanda M just mentioned a super great idea via Yelp compliments. Making a Honey Toast Gelato Panini.  In Asia, giant honey toasts are already served with gelato orice cream, with other fancy decorations (chocolate cigarettes, macrons, square decorations), so it would just be an easy adaptation of what millions have already tried.  Probability of success: High!**New flavors are regularly added, so come back again and again for new flavor surprises.Review milestone: #400.
5	Yeah this is a legit gelato spot.  5 stars and I never do that.  They have so many crazy food flavors that I've never seen before like sweet corn and gorgonzola cheese.  Who would have thought that that would even be worth eating but it is awesome.  The lady who was working the counter who I think is also the owner gave us a ton of samples and we weren't even asking for them.  I went with the passion fruit because I was looking for something sweet and tropical that evening.  It was great,.  Fantastic place and I would love to head back here for sure!
4	Gorgonzola and pear sounds like the WORST gelato flavor ever to exist.  That is, until you try it.Holy crap, it's now my favorite flavor!  The moldy-cheese flavor paired with the sweetness of the pear is fabulous.  I've never seen this flavor anywhere else -- so unique.  I can't wait to try their other random flavors.But, if cheese-flavored gelato isn't your thing, they also have more traditional flavors like pistachio, chocolate-chip, strawberry, etc.This is a definite must try if you're in the neighborhood!
5	All these reviews don't lie! This place is killer! Let's just say, if anyone comes here and says they don't like it or it's just ok...don't trust their taste buds or reviews anymore. :PThey have a variety of flavors that change daily and some of them sound really strange. Flavors like pear/blue cheese, avocado and cucumber/ginger sound weird but venture out and try them! Everyone here is super nice and genuinely seems excited to describe and let you sample different flavors. One of our favorites is the chocolate sorbetto (cioccolato) which is just downright amazing! Mix that with one of the gelato's and you will not be disappointed! We also got a cupcake there and it was one of the best I ever had. Ridiculously good chocolate flavor and super moist!I tried to think of anything negative that would warrant 4 stars but I just can't! The gelato is amazing, their customer service is beyond top notch and the prices are crazy good for the location. It is a little bit tricky to get to and the parking isn't the greatest but who cares?! It's worth it!
5	They have really crazy flavors. But they are delicious! I had rosemary and olive oil. I know. Sounds gross. Was indescribably wonderful! Not pricey at all.
5	Where the heck are all the 2, 3, and 4 star reviews?  Can't find them?  You won't because Art of Flavors is definitely some of the best gelato that I've ever had.  Prior to coming in, I expected a lot and got more.  First of all, there's a wide array of flavors to choose from.  You can select an ice cream base or sorbet.  I'm not much of a sorbet fan and opted for their ice cream base gelato.  I had two flavors...peanut butter and hazelnut.  This was the perfect combination for me with the hazelnut on top and peanut butter on the bottom.  Hazelnut:  Creamy and taste is similar to a Ferrero Rocher.  Creamy goodnessPeanut Butter:  I love me some peanut butter. I go through jars of peanut butter each week. Some places make it too strong, while some make it with almost no hint of peanut butter. At Art of Flavors got it right. I found the taste of their peanut butter more subtle, which mixed well with the hazelnut. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=64DIwQG1Yl_wDGaoTKE2tQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQObviously, there's more than just flavors like hazelnut and peanut butter. You can try their samples if you're undecided.  But for me, I know what I'm getting when I come back.  As for service, they are second to none.  We came in about 15 minutes before closing and AOF was still on their game...dealing with multiple gelato craving peeps, handing out samples, detailing their flavors, and even giving us a little history of where they're from.  You'll almost feel like you're the only customer because they make sure that your questions are answered. PS:  More than just gelato here.  They got some food too.  One item on their menu that I'm curious about is their gelato stuffed panini.  Maybe next time.YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (468/500)
5	Best gelato.   Interesting flavors to excite your palette.   Owner explained that All ingredients are fresh and gelato is made from scratch.   It sure does taste that way.  Had two flavors the Grano Turco (sweet corn ) mixed with Riso de Arancia (orange rice pudding).  It was so delicious.
4	We were provided samples of several flavors of the house made gelato by the owner's husband.  Each was delicious and after much consideration we finally settled on a 2-scoop cup of tiramisu and ciccolate y peperoncino (chocolate and pepperoncini). The latter was slightly spicy, but it did not overwhelm the chocolate flavor.  I am certain future trips will include a return visit or two to field test a few more flavors.
5	Amazing ice cream and amazing customer service. The owner is so sweet and nice. She practically explained every flavor in detail to us and it shows that she puts her heart in the product she's making.very fresh! The chocolate and passion fruit are out of this world!
5	amazing family owned (Italian family too) gelato shop. no added preservatives or artificial flavors!! The owner took the time to go thru and show us how she starts with her base and then all of the flavors come from that one base. Everything is fresh, the banana gelato is made with get this BANANAS! not artificial flavoring, but the real deal! This gelato has an amazing mouth feel and tastes amazing! We'll definitely be back when we are in Vegas again!
5	Holy. God.  ...I will never eat frozen yogurt again.  The gelato here will blow your mind.  I realize this sounds exaggerated...but once you try this place, you'll understand.  The flavors are unique and inventive.  The texture is creamy but substantial.  The staff is SO sweet and generous.  Worth every calorie.  (Coming from me, this is a HUGE deal.)Do yourself a favor and next time you're in the mood for dessert, get yourself over to Art of Flavors.  You won't be disappointed.
5	Stopped in today and WOW! The owner, Desyree I believe, was super friendly and gave me probably at least a dozen samples without me prompting her. Everything I had was delicious, seriously.Ended up coming home with pear & gorgonzola and the chocolate and red pasilla pepper as well. Can't wait to dig into them tonight! :)
5	BEST GELATO EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE!We of coursed Yelped this spot since we didn't wanna spend $10 on a teeny scoop of gelato somewhere along the strip.This place is located in somewhat of a questionable neighborhood. We originally wanted to get some custard across the street from this spot but that place looked janky and scary so we popped over here and thank God we did too!The owner literally made us try every single flavor before ordering. She explained to us how she makes her gelato flavors fresh every morning and everything is made with natural ingredients. And I believe it! The banana flavor tasted like you were literally eating a spruced up banana. The most interesting flavor I tried was the dark chocolate with hot peppers (you get the kick of spice right down your throat, soooo cool!) I was literally FULL after trying ALL the flavors so I had to go for a mini scoop of the Avocado gelato. And boy was that delish and totally hit the spot!If you're craving some homemade gelato THIS is the THE SPOT to hit up while in Vegas. We'll be back here every time we're in this city for sure!
5	I feel very fortune that we have such a great local gem in town. I fell in love with this small shop after my first visit, and became a super big fan about it. Art of flavor is owned by a married couple. They both are very sweet and nice. If it's your first visit, they would probably hand you as many samples as you want. There is no flavor I don't like! Everything tastes awesome! They have a lot of interesting flavors (basil and tomato, rosemary and olive oil, chocolate and pepper, goat cheese and pear). They always have something to surprise me when I pay my weekly visit. It's like an adventure coming here. They also sell gelato in boxes for to go. I sometimes get a small box to satisfy my sweet tooth "daily" . (Since this is totally in the other side of town from my house. And I can't visit here everyday) Art of flavor is truly 5 stars in my yelp book!
5	The chef is truly a master of her craft. She offers very unique flavors as well as some of the most beloved/classics. The chef was out front during my visit, offering me samples and explaining all the different flavors. You can tell she is very proud and passionate about her creations. After MANY delicious samples, I settled on the flavor of the day: Pumpkin blueberry bread and pistachio. The pumpkin blueberry was so creamy and delicious- reminded me of biting into a fresh moist muffin. The pistachio was hands down the best pistachio gelato I've ever had! It had a very fragrant pistachio flavor which tasted like eating a handful of those nuts themselves.You'll see me back here trying the other flavors for sure!
5	Absolutely DELICIOUS! Tried every flavor and had the amazing problem of wanting them all! Her artisan flavors are truly stunning and with each flavor she gives a narration of how it was made and where/how it will taste!
5	Spectacular gelato! Stopped by to pick up a treat and discovered a new favorite gelato shop.Pera e Gorgonzola and Olive Oil with Rosemary are magically delicious! I never thought gelato with rosemary and olive oil would taste good but my taste buds were cheering as soon as it hit my tongue! We also sampled other flavor like chocolate with red pepper (spicy!), chocolate sorbet (super rich), hazelnut (amazing) and peanut butter (mmmm). All gelato and sorbets are el natural and new flavors are made daily. Desyree is amazing, so sweet and helpful. She likes to play with flavors and is surely a master of her craft.
5	I don't live in Las Vegas, but if I did, I would be here ALL the time!Where do I even begin?  First of all, the customer service is EXCELLENT.  The owner is very nice, as is the rest of her family who works there.  She even let my friend go behind the counter with her to take a photo.  She also let us taste as many things as we wanted.  And all of this stuff is homemade, and tasty!I went there twice within about a 4-day span during a trip in September, and when I went back a few weeks ago, I asked my friend to take me there again.  Try it, you won't regret it!
5	I don't typically seek out dessert spots.  I'd rather share a dessert Debbie N. style than get my own, but after all the talk from Elite Yelpers about Art of Flavors I finally made it down to check it out myself.  Pretty sure it's my favorite place for frozen dessert!...in fact I have gone out of my way to end up here on more than one occasion since then.The flavors and quality are as good as you'll find!...But the owners are just as incredible--some of the nicest people around, they care deeply about their product.Art of Flavors has a lot of traditional typical/traditional gelatos that are executed beautifully, but the real treat is Chef Alberganti's balanced exploration of sweet/savory combinations!  The hype about the sweet corn is legit.  I also enjoyed the pear & gorgonzola, the sweet potato, goat cheese and chocolate & pepper!  Though more traditional, some of my favorites are their peanut butter and pistachio.  They are great about letting you try different samples, and you need to try the daily flavors because they tend to rock!You can get your frozen treats in a cup, a waffle cone...or...you can do a waffle panini!They also have some sorbets and non-fat options...but you had better have an incredible reason for passing on the gelatos!  Additionally they will do larger sizes to-go...this great so you have some on hand at home for your next emotional breakdown/recovery session.
5	Dare I say this is better than what I had in Italy? What else can be said about this place that hasn't been said in the other 73 five star reviews? I do love dessert, I also love bizarre flavor combinations and unexpected dessert items. My first time here I had to get 3 flavors because I couldn't settle on just one. Cassata Siciliana (reminds me of Pannetone), Sweet Corn and Pear and Gorgonzola. They were all so unique, I couldn't pick a favorite. The bonus is, it's all natural. Does it mean it's good for you? I like to think so. Just kidding. Next stop in I tried Soursop (I love the soursop drink next door at Viva Las Arepas) this one was really refreshing if you are looking for a light, citrus flavor. I then split the Lombardo Panini, it came with hot chocolate, this was the best hot chocolate ever. However, I wasn't a fan of the panini. I may try the Pb&J one at some point. Most recently, my new favorite is the Rosemary & EVOO. I love the rosemary bits througout the gelato.We are always welcomed with friendly smiles and samples. Quality is excellent and you can see Desyree truly is a master of her craft. Love to support local shops.
5	You know... when it comes to desserts a particular subgroup in the LV yelp scene has declared Snowflake as their common  place to end their nights after events. Truthfully, I liked Snowflake a lot for a ton of reasons, but I would rather "check-in" at Art of Flavors any day. I don't think I have ever had service, ice cream, and espresso that could ever compare to this place. Not to mention the prices are really low. If you are a tourist reading this review, I recommend stopping here during your next visit. Desyree's Art of Flavors truly is one of the best things we got here in Las Vegas. For many years I declined to eat gelatto. The only times I ever ate it was at Caesar's Palace, Venetian, and the buffet at Rio. At Caesar's, I got piss awful service, and the smallest gelatto they had costed me $14.00. At Venetian the dude working there who was covered in tattoos and piercings had no clue what gelatto was. But he told me that their gelatto is pre-made at a different location. And the gelatto at the Rio buffet gave me aids. Here at Art of Flavors, the ingredients are all organic and natural. They ain't gonna use any artificial ingredients ever. And the service is incredible. No matter how busy it is, every single person will get individual attention.Don't neglect the espresso next time you come here. I noticed that not very many people wrote about it in their reviews. The espresso here is so strong that you need to drink it with a spoon because drinking it too fast could stop your heart. I've never had real European espresso in my life, and it impressed me. I had no doubt that this place was gonna be good since Amanda vouched for it, but I didn't know it was  gonna be the best restaurant for dessert in Las Vegas.  My friend Mel asked "where are all the 2, and 3 star reviews"..... It's because the Korean and Chinese yelpers haven't found out about this place yet to rate it down. (Come on, take a joke guys! I'm just busting your balls)
4	Stopped by on a Friday night with a friend, we had just had dinner downtown and had a craving for something sweet. I was fairly impressed by all the 5 star reviews.The neighborhood was sketchy, but of course it's expected because it's downtown LV. When we first got there it was empty, I'm assuming it's because it was freezing. The lady behind the counter was very nice and helpful, I don't remember her name. She had us sample a few of the flavors of gelato she had. I had to get the Ciocolatto, I'm a dark chocolate lover so she sold me upon saying that. The flavor was great, I absolutely loved it. It's the best gelato I've had. We took a seat to eat our gelato and the nice lady disappeared to the back. She was replaced by two men in the front who looked like they wanted us to leave. My friend pointed out that they were glaring over at us. I turned back and they were. It was very uncomfortable. It felt like they were giving us the stare down so that we'd leave. They still had an hour to go before closing. That's why I can't give them 5 stars. I didn't enjoy my gelato and ended up throwing half away because I just wanted to get out of there.
3	Brace yourself, here comes a Chinese girl with a 3 star review! LOL :P @ Tetsuro!! Anyways, let me start off by saying that I haven't been to a gelato specialty store in ages. Truthfully, gelato has fallen off the trend ladder the past few years for my group. Now we're either getting fryo-yo or shaved ice. Now, don't count me out just yet. I am not biased at all. It's all about the taste to me. I had wanted to try Art of Flavors due to all the 5 star reviews. Speaking of which, I feel like I'm going to get jumped after this review HAHA! Anywho, my friends and I finally got to try out this place one Sunday afternoon. We were greeted by the site of a bunch of customers and a friendly face behind the counter. We never got his name but he was really friend. I think he was the husband? There were so many interesting flavors that I've never seen as gelato or ice cream. There was sweet corn, pear and gorgonzola, avocado, etc. We even got to try a majority of the flavors and I suppose that's where the magic ended for me. Oh no, it was fabulous and fantastic service that we got to try so many flavors. In fact, the man behind the counter was happy to oblige and started a conversation with us about the flavors. However, it just didn't captivate me. Regardless of all the interesting flavors and mixtures, it didn't get me. Everything tasted too milky and creamy. After every flavor I tried, minus the sorbets, the only thing I uttered after every flavor was "milk" ... cause that was all I tasted. There may have been subtle hints of what the gelato SHOULD taste like but not enough to make itself known. Was there something wrong with my taste palette? Maybe. You could argue that point I suppose. However, my friends agreed with me. Maybe I'm just used to stronger flavors? Maybe I can't do SUBTLE? Maybe I need it the flavors to PUNCH ME IN THE FACE? I don't' know.Though I will say, their sorbets are spectacular. The flavors were on point and tasted just like the real fruit. We tried the grapefruit and boy did it have the bitterness of the grapefruit. One of my friends and I ended up with a guava sorbet while my other friend got the avocado gelato. We haven't had the chance to try anything other than their gelato but honestly, I'm not too sure if we'll go back. A-okay in the end. Worth a try just to see all the different types of flavors.
5	After a great lunch today in the Spring Mountain area, I was wondering how I could possibly find a dessert to match the wonders that my taste buds had just experienced. Somehow, Snowflake Shavery did not seem right for the occasion. The texture is always welcome, but they tend to have subtle flavors.Then I remembered to check the Art of Flavors Twitter feed and I saw that creme brulee was a flavor of the day. Bingo.The first time I'd been to this local mecca of gelato was actually last month on my birthday. It was a ridiculously rainy day, so I figured I needed something to cheer myself up. It was empty right before I arrived, but owner / gelato maestro (maestra? I don't know these words) Desyree Alberganti was happy to greet me after making sure that I hadn't intended to walk into Viva Las Arepas instead. Look, I might have glasses, but I can find my way around So anyway, she proceeded to ask me if I'd been there before. I hadn't. So she started me off on what I learned was a sampling tour of several of the gelateria's offerings. She explained that the first sample, fior di latte, was the simple base on which all the other flavors were constructed. I could go on and on, but I sadly don't remember all the flavors from that day. However, I remember one flavor that I made a part of my eventual order; rosemary and olive oil. You might think that those flavors wouldn't work in a dessert, but trust me, they do.I forgot what I ordered on my second visit, but there was definitely a pistachio flavor. And there were two other flavors. Maybe a pumpkin spice flavor, which was pretty good. Can't remember if mango happened on the first or the second visit, but it's the most authentic mango I've ever had in a frozen dessert in comparison to the real fruit. It's not super sweet like you'll typically find in a boba drink or whatnot.On that second visit, I learned that pistachio could also work in a gelato (having always had cheap pistachio ice creams in the past), and I also learned that eating three flavors slowly will inevitably allow the bottom flavor to melt into a sweet yet not-solid soup. Good lesson.Today was my third visit. I had some more samples. The German chocolate cake, a flavor of the day, was surprisingly good. I love chocolate, but I usually don't enjoy German chocolate cake for some reason. This time, the pecans worked, the coconut wasn't too off-putting, and the chocolate shined. I ended up having German chocolate cake as flavor #1, with flavor #2 being creme brulee. The brulee was there, although it was significantly harder to crunch through than a typical creme brulee. It's still a nice touch.I think I've finally had enough positive experiences to give Art of Flavors my full vote of confidence. Check out this place if you're ever in town, sample everything (especially "weird" flavors), and go with what your mouth says is right. It also helps if you've eaten something nice beforehand with a lot of spices or other palate-opening flavors, as long as you save yourself just enough room for dessert.
5	I had read Art of Flavors featured in the Weekly and had been meaning to try them for a while now. The only reservation I had was it was December and it was during that cold streak we were having. Upon walking in my girlfriend and I were warmly greeted by what I assume was the owner's family just kinda hanging out in the store. We were asked if we'd been there before and once they recived our "no" response the tour began =) We were immediatly handed sample after sample, we felt like little kids with our "ooooh look pistachio... oh mango!... look they have peanut butter!" We decided on having 2 double flavor sized cups (chocolate chilli/berry mix & pistachio/cinamon bun). The gelato was creamy and very flavorful and pair perfectly with their hazelnut chocolate latte we ordered. Overall it's a great place to go no matter what weather, flavorfull gelato, friendly enviornment, modest prices. The flavors are constantly rotated out I'm told I just wish I had tried it sooner so I didn't miss the Pumpkin Spice flavor..... Here's to catching all the flavors in between and getting my Pumpkin Spice NEXT YEAR!
5	We are so glad we stopped in after empanadas at Viva Las Arepas. We were on a food adventure and we hit a home run!The gelato was delicious and the owner was so great! We test tasted many flavors and each ended up with a couple of amazing flavors and a couple more to go! The flavors are authentic and wonderful combinations. There were all time favorites  like chocolate, peanut butter, raspberry. And the there was rosemary!  All delicious!  It's a must try!!!!
5	I had dinner next door at Viva Las Arepas and this looked like a good option for dessert.  The owner gives many samples so you can create your perfect gelato combination.  I had the Raspberry and Chocolate but the Olive oil and Rosemary was very smooth and tasty.  This is definitely a great treat!
5	Des is most awesome. She patiently talks you through all the different flavors and options. She also will let you try any flavor (or all the flavors). The flavors are delicious and innovative.
5	Fabulous, fabulous Gelato... I'm not an Ice Cream type a Gal... but this was just superb... no ice crystals what so ever, (I can sense them miles away) bold flavors and brave combinations. Taking with her a bit, I found out she's from Venezuela, when I told her my parents are Argentinean, she immediately switched to Spanish... we south Americans have to stick together :) we chatted a bit regarding both our Italian Heritage while she had us try most of the flavors.  She also mentioned she makes her own Panettone for said flavored gelato.  Let me just say the quality of the panettone is miles above anything we've been able to purchase for our holidays... just delicious. The Pear & Gorgonzola... wow! just Wow... you can really taste the bold Gorgonzola flavor and the bright fresh notes from the pear... this was by far our favorite... but really, they're all amazing! Can't wait to go back, I just wish I could find a way to take these back to Cali without them melting... although I'm sure they'd be great melted, as a smoothie :)
5	Still love this place. No doubt the best in Vegas. Desiree is an amazing chef. Customer service is still the best in my book. Had the cherry gelato today, has to be my new favorite!!
5	Truly fantastic. Each flavor was delicious, even the flavors I don't typically enjoy. The peanut butter in particular was like cold silk, rich in flavor. A perfect way to break the heat.
3	Just OKWe had plain chocolate, pistachio, coconut, mango. Nothing That would make me visit the store again.
5	Really wanted some good ice cream while in Vegas one afternoon. Read some great reviews and thought we would stop by. I can see why its so highly rated! We were greeted by the owner. When we told her it was our first time there, she went through and gave us samples. She talked about how its made (all natural) and  you can tell takes pride in her gelato. Hardest part was choosing what flavor to get! I went with the chocolate peanut butter and savored every bite of it.  Will stop by again for sure next time in Vegas
5	Amazing dessert place for all ages. Chef Desyree, has the best skills to blend most unique flavors into the tastiest gelatos. Some of the most unique flavor that I tried include avocado, mac & cheese and chocolate with dry red pepper. But my favorite is pistachio, its creamy and has the right amount of nuttiness ( i think i invented a word there). Its not extremely sweet either. Art of Flavors also serves freshly baked cookies. They are also very good, if you are a bit of a sweet-tooth than I would recommend cookie-gelato sandwich.Overall (5/5), it doesn't matter if you are in the area or you making a trip to eat here. This is a must try place for ice-cream/gelato lovers.
5	Rolled up to AOF after first Friday to add a cold dessert to a cold evening. It was late so not to many people inside and they sold out of some flavors. The man who greeted us explained all of the flavors and started handing us samples without us even asking for any, he made sure we had no food allergies. I chose the flavor of the day which was Lemon Pound Cake. It had perfect amounts of lemon and had wasn't overly sweet. The staff was very friendly and informative. I will definitely be back.
5	Love this place!I was craving gelato while walking around on the strip so I yelped this place and was sold on the 5 star rating! GELATO:AMAZINGGG. So fresh and light and creamy and flavorful!! Desyree, the owner, was super duper nice and gave us so many samples right when we walked in and also any flavor that we wanted to try. - Fior de Latte - only the best gelato places have this flavor!! It's the base of all gelato flavors and this was soo good and creamy and refreshing!- Spumoni - Now, I'm usually not a fan of spumoni because the cherry always tasted super artificial - but this was soooo good! Super pistachio-y and the cherry tasted real!- Mango - super fresh and mango-y!I also sampled the blueberry, coconut (I thought this was good and I don't even like coconut!), creme brulee and a bunch of other flavors I can't remember.SERVICE:AWESOME! Desyree is so so nice and friendly! She explained the gelato flavors to us and was super nice about giving us samples and helping us decided which 3 flavors to narrow it down to. She also seemed to have some regular customers/family/friends who came in to visit her!LOCATION & PARKING:Oddly located in a sketchy plaza just past the main Strip. Parking is aplenty in the lot but be careful when you're walking around!VENUE:Colorful and homey decorations, cute tables and very pretty gelato display.I would definitely come back here whenever I get a gelato craving and I'm in town!
5	Omg this place is amazing!!!  Stopped in after grabbing some arepas and I wish I didn't eat so I could've had more gelato!   The woman who helped us, who I can only assume was the owner, was so nice and knowledgeable.   She explained how she only uses fresh ingredients and makes things from scratch.   For example she said the blueberry pancake flavor was made by mixing in actual blueberry pancakes that she first makes from scratch and then mixes it in.   You can taste actual blueberries.   Sooooooo good!!!   She humored us by letting us sample pretty much every flavor between the 3 of us.   I ended up with the blueberry pancake and the pear and gorganzola.    The pear and gorganzola was so good I couldn't stop talking about it the whole way home.   I will definitely be back for more.   I just wish she was closer into town so I could make it down there more often.   Or open a little earlier so I could make it down there before work.
5	I had found Art of Flavors all by myself one day as I shopping at White Cross market across the street. I thought the trio of Dino's Bar, Viva Las Arepas and Art of Flavors made this a great local stop. Was I dismay to find it filled with Yelpers one night!!! This was MY SECRET PLACE. Ohhh... nothing escapes Nelson Q and Roger T. Just kidding. I'm glad that Art of Flavors is getting the recognition it deserves. It's a great place. I'm not a big sweets person, even less a gelato person, but I come here at least once a month, sometimes more. Firstly, as I mentioned before, it's a great end to a night of debauchery, whether you start at Stratosphere and work your way down, or just hop over to Viva Las Arepas for a bite to eat. I'm not a gelato connoisseur, honestly, I don't even know what "great" gelato is, but I come here because it's fun and inexpensive. She has great flavors of the day and they change often. They're very exotic, such as gorgonzola and pear and chocolate and pasillas. Last time I was there she had bread pudding and Spumoni. They all tasted great, but my favorites are always the simple ones. She makes a GREAT red bean gelato, it doesn't take like mashed red bean ice cream, more like beans mixed with spices and chocolate? Whatever her secret recipe is, it tastes great. Last time the flavor that impressed me the most was the Chocolate and Hazelnut, but the chocolate in the spumoni was so rich and flavorful. Prices are very reasonable, 3 flavors will cost you $6, but you'll really have around 6 flavors because she is so generous with the samples. A cappuccino is around $2 and it is high quality capp. Overall, this place is a little gem, badly needed in this part of town.
3	I finally made it out to Art of Flavors. High five. Chest bump. So you just had a good meal and you're craving something cold, sweet, savory, creamy, spicy, or something just unique in a dessert. Just north of the Stratosphere you'll probably find all of that and more at the Art of Flavors. It's a gelato and sorbetto business that makes all the usual favorites like cookies and cream, chocolate, vanilla, and chocolate mint. Honestly I've had way better of those and they were ok. But it was the other flavors that made me a some what fan.  They had pumpkin, peppermint, pistachio, and hazelnut. And then they'll also do something like rosemary and EVOO, maple bacon, pear and gorgonzola, bell pepper, chili peppers, sticky toffee pudding w/ dates, and even a mac n cheese. Don't be discouraged by how weird some of the flavors are, try it. Can I request something with curry!? LOL I'm only joking but I'm sure if they tried to make it they'll make it work.Chef Desyree, the creator of all these gelato and sorbetto everyone's raving about, is extremely friendly and passionate about her craft. Everything I sampled was delicious, no I didn't try them all, and it came with some sort of story behind the inspiration or explanation of what each ingredient was and so on. It was more than getting some dessert, it felt more like an experience. I'm always appreciative of these kind of people. I was treated like a VIP without doing nothing but walk in and approached the counter. Follow them on Facebook or just stop by they're always having a new and unique flavor of the day. It's a small location with not so many seats but I don't think you need a seat to enjoy it. The parking lot and stalls are small, someone dinged my car. The area is kind of sketchy at night so just be aware of what's going on around you.I'd like to add that after reading an other review I also  noticed that overly milky taste everything had. It's like when you make mashed potatoes using to much dairy. So they dropped a star but I'm sure they'll survive. 3.5 star cause they're making all kinds of creative flavor and all but dont ever crave them or felt wowed enough.
5	Every time we're on or near the strip, someone in my car mentions Art of Flavors. I've been reading some of Amanda M's comments on this place and she made it sound so good that I had to try it. Now I'm hooked!!! No matter how full I am from dinner, I will always say yes to AOF! Great variety of unique flavors. One of today's flavors of the day was Lemon Poundcake - damn, taste just like an ice cold poundcake! For you folks that are lactose intolerant, the sorbetto is just as good! If I were to pick only one thing on the menu though, it would have to be the Spiced Hot Chocolate. Shawn H. had mentioned to me several times, that it was the best he ever had. I agree. It's like drinking hot gelato - soooo goooood!! The negative: one demitasse just isn't enough!On the agenda for next time: gelato panini with gorgonzola gelato!
5	It's very rare for me to step into a gelato or ice cream shop these days, but i'm so glad after my lunch next door with friend and fellow Yelper Dyanna L. that she suggested we check out Art of Flavors. As we walked in the door we ran into fellow Yelper Nelson Q. getting ready for his UYE event. The shop is a great little gelato shop. The staff is super friendly and ready to help you with any questions.They have a bunch of flavors to choose from. Some are classic flavors and others are very unique. It was fun to get to sample some of the flavors and they even asked if we had any food allergies. We first tried the basic plain gelato, very creamy. Next we got to sample the flavors of the day. I loved the Lemon Pound Cake and Sapore Del Giomo which had cookies and cream, raspberry preserves and caramel! mmmmm we decided on one scoop of that. Yummy! It was so tasty and not just cause it's been along time since I've had gelato either. It was super creamy and you could taste each layer of flavor in it.I'm not normally one for sweets, but when I get that craving i'll for sure be coming back to Art of Flavors try more of their flavors of the day! It is worth the drive from what ever side of town your on!
5	I love this place so much! I rarely go to luv it custard because this place always has different flavored gelatos! I currently am in love with the sticky toffee pudding gelato. The owner Desyree always has new creations and that's what I love ! She's so friendly and knows us enough because were always there!
5	Ok this place is AMAZING! Dream come true for ice cream lovers, not only they have tons of flavors to choose from, you get to sample them all for free if you wish. Desyrre the owner is beyond nice and will go out of her way to make sure you have an awesome visit. They have something for every palate, from traditional chocolate, that is anything but traditional (mousse consistency that for those chocolate lovers like me is pure heaven) to the more adventourous pear and gorgonzolla that is to die for, the corn one is delicious as well. Everything is made fresh daily and on site and is priced well.So next time you're Downtown check them out! you won't regret it and I can assure you, you will be hooked.
5	I have a frozen treat fetish - the weirder the flavor the better and ice cream making is a little hobby of mine (though I rarely have the chance to make any). I like just about any frozen dessert, but it's the oddities that get me the most happy. Since it was our first time, we got to try a generous barrage of flavors. That was so awesome and didn't make it easy at all to figure out what to get. The "odd" flavors we got to try was a red pepper jelly gelato and a dill pickle sorbet. We also had avocado, green tea, strawberry thyme, etc. Stuff like this just makes my heart smile. I got a 3 flavor and my plan of attack was to get stuff that paired well together. I got a chocolate with pasilla and chile peppers which was nice with the gorgonzola pear which in turn was great with the pistachio. The chocolate was deep, rich and had a spice that crept up on you. The gorgonzola was gorganzola dolce which is a milder varietal and one of my favorites that we make into a rich risotto with, of course, crushed pistachios. This was a nice pistachio since it was the real flavor and not that frangipane tasting stuff. The texture is ideal - smooth and right amount of air, sweet, and butterfat. It's closer to what a gelateria would be in Europe and apparently Desyree has family in Italy with gelato boutiques so it makes a lot of sense that it follows the Italian standard. Gelato varies so much in the US because we actually don't have a standardized ruling to how it should be made and what can be called gelato. I find most places tend to be sweeter and I overall prefer this more natural tasting product. It's a first visit, but the next visit will be soon. I know we're going to frequent this place. It just took a while since it's in a spot were normally not at, but since we found a special cigar hangout nearby, this can very well become a weekly ritual. The BF, our friend and I all loved it.I have been telling the BF for YEARS that a gelato/ice cream with exotic flavors is something we really need and finally, here is the answer to that whim. I believe the hype!
5	Just perfect! Many constantly changing flavor choices, all perfectly and passionately made. Prices are just right.
5	Great gelatos.  Inventive flavors with standard flavors too for those with more traditional tastes (like me).  I loved the cinnamon roll with a perfect balance of cinnamon.  Friends loved the pistachio, pear & Gorgonzola, and others I can't remember.  I also enjoyed the chocolate chip cookie -- which didn't taste like another version of cookie dough.  One person got half white coffee bean and half chocolate and thought the combination perfect.  The owner's, Desyree's, sense of taste is excellent.  Everything was well balanced, and not excessively sweet (though I can enjoy excessively sweet).A group of us were visiting Las Vegas.  After finally stopping here (finding it from a Yelp search, thank you all!), we returned almost every day.  And we made AoF the last stop before we went to the airport to fly home.This is gelato.  It's not custard (though it's a stone's throw from Luv It).  If you want that rich, thick eggy emulsified texture, you might be a little disappointed.  I make gelato at home without using eggs or custard, so this is perfect for me.A warning about parking.  There's not much of it, and it's very tight.  I suspect this place is going to be booming by summer.  It'll be tough to get into and out of. If you're a tourist without a car, is it worth it to take the Deuce bus up and back?  Oh, yeah!  This is five stars for those that love gelato. My only complaint: the flavors rotate.  I never got to try chocolate mousse or nutella.  And I did not jump on lemon pound cake when I had the opportunity!  All the more reason to keep going back.I've been to a number of artisan ice cream places in Northern California in the last couple of years and they've all fallen short.  This did not.  AoF has earned every 5 star review it's gotten.
5	Definitely one of the best gelatos I've ever had. They have homemade flavors that a unique and creative. Their normal/base flavor of gelato is Absolutely delicious and sets the tone for all the other flavors. I especially liked the chocolate, strawberry, pistachio combo. They unique flavors such as pear and blue cheese which was also really good. The staff is friendly and it's not overpriced so there is really nothing to not like about this place
5	I've been hearing a lot about this place from other Elites over the past few months and finally was able to check it out yesterday with a group of fellow Yelpers. Art of Flavors is right next door to Viva Las Arepas, but since they don't open until 1 PM, I hadn't been able to stop by after my lunches at Viva.We started by sampling various flavors of gelato and I can say a lot of her flavors here are certainly interesting. Pear Gorgonzola? Mango Jalapeno? Chocolate Chili? After sampling 5 or 6 flavors, I decided to go with a cup of mango jalapeno and strawberries & creme. The gelato here is so flavorful, creamy and smooth, and 2 flavors is only $4.95. They constantly are trying new flavors and everything is made fresh in house. I will definitely have to start coming by here more often to try more flavors. I also want to try the hot cocoa and gelato panini that Nelson Q has been raving about.
5	Decisions, decisions! When you get here, choosing which flavor you want will probably be the hardest decision you'll make for the day. When AOF became the new hot spot for dessert, I was really hesitant. I was never a big fan of gelato. I was always an ice cream person. I never liked the consistency nor did I like the taste. Everyone kept telling me that I had to go, but I was still apprehensive. One day after the CMYE at Gold Spike, Cathy suggested that we go. I thought it was a perfect time to try it out, especially since it was down the street.  Desyree is so warm and welcoming. Every time you come in, she gives you samples of the flavors of the day. Even if it's your 1st or 10th time visiting, she will still let you sample as many as you like. I tried it, and now I'm hooked. It's not what I expected at all. The consistency is like a cross between gelato and ice cream. I don't know a better way to explain it, but that's the best I can do. It's light and airy, but still has that richness of ice cream. It's made fresh everyday. And the flavors are so unique and amazing. She uses ingredients that you would never think of to use in gelato, like red bell peppers, rosemary & olive oil, and pear & gorganzola. She also has traditional flavors like chocolate and strawberry. Every day there is a different flavor of the day. My favorite so far has been pistachio and chocolate chili, TOGETHER! Omg so freaking good. You can definitely see the pride that Desyree puts into her gelato. I support small business owners and this will definitely be one of my top dessert spots! So if you haven't gone, then I suggest you go!!!!!
5	What can I say about Art of Flavors that hasn't already been said.The gelato is amazing. When trying to decide on a flavor you can't resist trying as many of the offerings as possible. They're irresistable. I have to admit I prefer some of the more unusual flavors, so that's a huge selling point to me.I'm disappointed in myself for taking as long as I did to give them a chance. I'll be back, and often. Luckily they also offer AOF at Novecento across town if I need to get my fix.I love it when local restaurants work together.
5	Wow, excellent flavors everywhere - made locally and for a very reasonable price.i think the location just does not do justice to the culinary mastery that is happening here. Very understated. That said, the effect is perhaps even more dramatic. The moment you start sampling, you're going to be blown away.The fresh and real flavors are spot on. Balanced. Pure. You really taste every ingredient and flavor you're intended to. Keep sampling and keep that feeling of awe. Remember, at some point you're going to have to leave. And just to put it out there - don't have any bias in what you think is good or not. Try the olive oil and rosemary. Try the rose. Try it all. It's all good, I promise.I ended up going with the chocolate sorbetto and the passionfruit (with other fruits mixed in). The chocolate sorbetto was so rich you would never know there wasn't any dairy. The chocolate flavor was pure and intense. The passionfruit was extremely flavorful. Love them both, and I genuinely wish I could have had more in one sitting.Though if I was to give any points for improvement - I think the chocolate sorbetto was too sweet. The saturation sets in half way through your cup.We'll definitely be back. Very happy a local spot with this kind of quality and pride has opened up shop.
5	After seeing constant numerous check-in's from fellow Yelp friends I needed to know what all this chaos was about. The other day I convinced my mom to go out to lunch with me to Viva Las Arepas next door so I could be sneaky and finally have my chance to try out Art of Flavors. When I got there, it was around 11am but they did not open until 1pm. I went next door for my planned lunch with mom and tried eating as slow as I could; I had to tell her my sneaky unaccomplished surprise plan to go next door for some of this "hear say" amazing gelato. We ended up having to leave but I was not going to drive all the way back to Henderson with out my gelato! Right after walking in the place, it was packed with customers in a matter of seconds. The owner Desyree Alberganti introduced herself and gave us a brief introduction of her gelatos. She makes them on site, with all fresh and natural ingredients, she is a true master and artisan at developing new bold delicious flavors. She develops and features a different flavor every day and features them as her "flavor of the day" specials or as in Italian you would say "sapore del giorno." These are flavors you would never even image or even think they could possibly be as yummy as they actually are. Pears and Gorgonzola, Rosemary and EOV (Extra Olive Oil), Kidney Beans...an Italian twist of I guess Hmong Bean ice-cream...and of course flavors like Strawberries and Cream, White Coffee Bean, Almond Brittle and many others.I tried a single scoop of the Pears and Gorgonzola and mom had two flavors, almond brittle and strawberries and cream. All three flavors were phenomenal! I was surprised to also see people coming in to pick up special orders and multiple tubs of her awesome gelato, it's that good! Before leaving I asked her about gelato cakes and she was very eager to answer any questions, she handed me her card to email her. I can't wait for Art of Flavors to have their own personal website up and running. This place is a true gem of downtown LV. Congratulazioni per i gelati incredibili. Buona fortuna per la vostra impresa bussiness.
4	The place is so easy to miss unless you know exactly where it is...Owner Desyree opened this place within 1 year ago and is already pretty well known.  Once you walk inside the tiny shop, you will see two huge frig with metal containers filled with diff flavors in subzero temperature.  Sweet corn was the only one I didn't get to try but had the pleasure of sampling over 10 other flavors.  My fav is almost always the Pistachio when it comes to gelato, but the white coffee was amazing too.  I took off one star because the red bean was quite too light in flavor, perhaps I am way too spoiled being Asian(red bean and green tea are just something that need a strong flavor for me), sure, some might like it in the lighter taste, but again doesn't that defeats the purpose of having gelato :P  All in all, a great place for gelato!
3	Great, friendly, enthusiastic service.  Perfect place for the adventurous type. Some of the more quirky flavors include kidney bean, sweet potato, bell pepper, and salt-and-vinegar potato chip.If you are not so adventurous, you can stick with the sweet cream.  You may also ask about the flavors in back.  When I arrived, they had pumpkin spice, pistachio, and green tea on reserve.  So, if the flavors up front aren't making you salivate, ask what else is hiding away elsewhere.Good coffee! Their signature chocolate hazelnut latte was just right.I like my gelato a little more dense. The gelato here is super light and airy.  One good thing though: it wasn't loaded with guar, xanthum, and a ton of other emulsifiers.  Just dairy, sugar and flavoring.I may only be giving this place 3 stars today, but I may change my tune in mid-August when it's 115 degrees outside.
4	Check this place out if you're in downtown LV. Very friendly customer service! Art of Flavors literally carries its name. The gelato is creatively crafted! I tried Cioccolato e Peperoncino and wow, it was the most strangest flavor, but oddly so weird, that I wanted to eat it again. It initially tasted like chocolate, but after you swallowed the gelato, you could taste the chilly pepper taste! WERID! This sounds even weirder. Pear and bleu cheese. Yuck! Bleu cheese in ice cream? No, no, no! It was delicious!!! If you don't like bleu cheese, I'm not really sure if I would recommend it for you to get, because there are bleu cheese chunks - which I liked :DAfter sampling a variety (YOU CAN SAMPLE AS MANY AS YOU WANT!!!), I ended up getting the pistachio, chocolate, strawberry gelato. Wow... sooooo good. I don't even like ice cream/gelato, but I will definitely come back :) *Tips*- SAMPLE, SAMPLE, SAMPLE
5	I'm in love! The owners and employees of this shop are absolutely amazing. I went with a group of people after a friend and I found this hot spot on Yelp. The service was phenomenal, I'm pretty sure we each tried every flavor. I couldn't believe the amazing pairings, things that I would never think of trying just amazed my senses. Before I tried any, I read through the flavors and was a little intimidated, pear and blue cheese? Rose Petal? Rosemary and Extra Virgin Olive Oil? Oh my goodness, it was really hard to choose but my favorite was the Rosemary and EVOO under a scoop of Rose Petal. I savored every moment and I can't wait to go back. I've been raving to all my friends but to get my fill, I think I'm just gonna have to take them all down there myself.
4	I liked this place. Was a bit hard to find at first, I wasn't sure where I was supposed to park. The owner was present and very friendly. She encouraged us to try many samples of her delicious gelato. There were some flavors such as sweet corn and white coffee bean that I was intrigued to try, but didn't see them displayed. I did however see them packaged in to go containers in the freezer. The owner had said they change out the flavors periodically and to check their Facebook for daily updates. I tried samples of the pear and blue cheese, and the potato chip gelato.  They were unique and not overpowering. Decided to be boring and get the hazelnut, and pistachio. They were very good!  My littles had a cookies & cream, and a cherry with some peach. Yummy! Kicking myself for not taking some of the pre packed flavors home with me. Next time.
5	This is place is a total gift to downtown!  The owner is amazing.  The gelato is beyond perfect!!!  I just wanted to mention the Cookie Butter flavor they have occasionaly - the best!!!!  I also had the brownie, creme brule and chocolate toffee falvors and they are all exceptional.
5	What a jewel of an addition to the neighborhood! To delicious to describe here you'll just have to stop by.  This is customer service at it's best- all others take note!
5	Is it possible to give this place six stars? I've heard people rave about this place but I didn't get it until I went for myself. And what sets it apart? The same thing that sets every amazing business from it's competitors: a great product PLUS stellar service.We walked in and were immediately greeted and helped by the owner and flavor artist herself, who encouraged us to try as many flavors as possible and told us all about her house-made, no additives/artificial products, all natural gelatos. She was so sweet and friendly, I'd love to spend time just picking her brain about culinary stuff.But onto the product. Every flavor we tried blew us away. The pear and bleu cheese? Wow. The pistachio? Damn. Rice pudding with cinnamon? Holy moly. Hazelnut? Take my money. The white coffee bean? Shut the front door. That's not a kick in the mouth, that's a kick in the nuts. All of them are amazing. She even told me about her olive oil flavor, which sounds right up my alley- and will be in next week.I'll be returning next week to try it, I assured her.While I could have easily filled up on free sampling all of the flavors in the case, BF finally settled on a medium cup with two flavors: the spectacular white coffee bean, balanced out nicely with the chocolate brownie, which tasted like the world's most perfect chocolate pudding.We were in heaven. And I'm happy to say, we plan to be regulars.
5	Seriously incredible gelato!  The daily flavors will make you want to come every day. They are great and I love how they force samples on you!  And not just one or two but like 5-10 samples.
5	See this is what happens when I enter a dessert place: ....O_O. Oh, it was excellent. Cold & creamy, delicious, and unique! They have a variety of unique flavors in the back and they change it each day and add more to keep things interesting! Wow, we got to try a lot of gelato and it was all delicious! My favorite flavors had to be the Fat Elvis and the Coffee, which tastes EXACTLY like a coffee bean. With the larger sizes, you can even mix flavors! Also, they even serve other menu items other than gelato! Absolutely amazing. I just love this place so much. If it weren't so hard to park at, I would definitely go more often haha! The inside is small and intimate like a cafe, and just the perfect place to sit and enjoy!I'm OBSESSED! And now that I have liked their Facebook page (lol) I will definitely be stopping by more often! Art of Flavors is a dessert-lover's dream that every person should try at least once! So stop by and savor the flavor!!!
5	Hands down my favorite ice cream/ gelato place to go. I love bringing family and friends here to try. They all have fallen in love with this place too. Flavors are always on point. The owner is open to let you try anything which lets you try some of the creative flavors they make daily like almond joy to potato chip to pickle. My favorite hands down is the pistachio, red velvet, and almond joy. I always manage to bring home at least a couple of pints home. Which doesn't last more than two days at home. The owner is amazing and entertains my very hyper nephew which i am always grateful for. Its very clean. They also make a pretty tasty cup of expresso.
5	Not your typical gelato flavors, but trust me, they are fantastic! The lineup of flavors is making everybody's taste buds go wild! Pear & Gorgonzola, Rosemary & Evo, Rose and a Salmon flavored gelato???  Wow! The flavor combinations taste amazingly good and are right on! This shop is located right under the shadows of the Strat. You are bound to run into a friend at any given time. It's a happenin area especially among Yelpers with the arepas place next door and the Goodwich across the way. Owner and genius Desyree is daring and not afraid to get creative. It is what makes Desy stand out and sets her gelato apart from other dessert places.  Her gelato is so popular, other restaurants are carrying it.  Oh....Confession time...I really go to Novecento just for the gelato...yes I do. Order pizza and take it home to Mr. B and have salad and Art of Flavors gelato there. Or I drive all the way from Hendo over here now.  It's that good!  I really hope to see more of Desy's gelato creations at more places pretty please!!!...and that's review #300!...SYOY in 40 days!
5	What?! Blueberry pancake-flavored ice cream? Who says you can't have breakfast and ice cream all at once? Not Art of Flavors, that's for sure! The owner was super helpful, allowing me to sample one or twelve of her flavors. The first time I was there, she took me on a flavor journey, guiding me through the specials of the day, as well as the ones that were here to stay. Never would I have tried gorgonzola in my ice cream, if it hadn't been for her! bravo! Every time I come in, there's a new unique flavor to try and always a helpful attendant behind the glass.
4	Delicious and innovative gelato combinations abound here, as well as the traditional. You can get scoops, affogato or even gelato sandwiches. This is a small, quality, affordable gelato shop that really thinks outside the box. Great service, too.
5	I tried this place based on other Yelp reviews and it did not disappoint. It's a family business with an excellent product, homemade gelato. The flavors are creative and the service is personalized. It's worth hunting for (very near the Stratosphere).
5	Love that the chef was in the shop, where a always changing array of wonderful gelato that is made fresh in house! see their website to get updates on all the amazing flavors they have! we had the strawberry cream and it was a tasty treat!A great option for icecream downtown- where you can sit inside at a table and enjoy your gelato while watching the traffic of the strip go by.
5	I've been to this place a handful of times over the last few months and tonight my boyfriend of 4 years dropped some pretty heavy news.Him: I have to tell you something.Me: (between bites of delicious creamy gelato goodness) ok...Him: (hovering over a mountain of peanut butter and rocky road gelato) I think I'm falling in love with the gelato lady.Me: ...can't blame ya. Give me a bite of that rocky road.
5	After seeing multiple check-ins and an UYE that I missed, Art of Flavors was perfectly placed in my mind to try after trying the arepas place next door. Seriously, if you want to impress someone with great taste and not breaking the bank, may I suggest a Saturday night at starting at Viva Las Arepas, then Art of Flavors, and then heading to Dino's (all within realistic walking distance of each other) for cheap drinks and karaoke.Art of Flavors is a small shop and soon as I walked in the door I was greeted with a warm hello and asked if this was my first visit. As soon as I stayed yes, she started dishing out the samples. She started of with their base gelato. Creamy, subtle, and light in flavor. She told my sister and I that flavors change and are made fresh daily. Before entering, my sister was like, nah, I don't want anything. After a few samples, she changed her mind.I decided on White Coffee Bean and Salted Caramel. My sis opted for Chocolate Brownie. I will definitely be back. Great customer service, unique flavors (gorgonzola and pear, rice pudding) and something for everyone. They have vegan sorbets as well, which were sweet and fruity. Summer time is around the corner and if you're looking for a sweet spot to cool down and unique flavors, look no further than Art of Flavors.
5	Heaven on a Spoon!It's hard to believe, but it's true.So many five star ratings and this culinary delight earned everyone.When seeking a three dimensional experience and one that will leave you excited to tell your family and friends.Stop in Art of Flavors and they will give you something to talk about.
5	Love Art of Flavors! Went there this weekend and got the pear and Gorgonzola, and the pb and j and bacon and both were great. Get it!
5	Rich creamy and smooth! The smoked salmon and Gorgonzola pear were exotic flavors indeed. There are no limits to what these guys will try next. But if you want the usuals they've got them too. The chocolate was so rich and delicious. The almond joy had nice little shavings of coconut mixed in.
5	There's not much I can add to all of the stellar reviews posted.  This is a locals and tourist hot spot.  If you want to avoid a huge YTO, Yelp Take Over then come during the day when it's a little less busy.I love this place because every flavor is top notch and the flavors change daily.   You see people coming here more frequently that they do for their own jobs and there's A reason - it's just that good.The owners are generous allowing you to sample as many as you want and you'll most likely order 2-3 flavors wishing you could order at least another 2-3 more.
5	This is a total must-do. It's in a little strip mall, across from Dino's, near White Cross, not too far from the Stratosphere. And it is so worth the trip.When we walked in, we were the only customers. The owner / maker of the awesome concoctions greeted us and proceeded to tell us about each flavor and give us free samples of each. It was both tasty and educational!I loved the savory flavor creations. Very unique and all surprisingly very tasty. The decision of which flavor to actually get a scoop of was difficult. I finally settled on a strawberry one with balsamic vinegar and black pepper, as well as a chocolate one with spicy peppers. Such amazing deliciousness!The flavors change regularly. And I can't wait to go back and see what other flavors have been created.This is pretty much definitely as good as it gets. Come here!
5	I don't say this often, but believe the hype. I had seen all the 5 star reviews but never felt the need to come here until after the taco trek and if I had on a pair of socks they would've been blown off. The staff was extremely nice and courteous despite how many of us were there. They let everybody sample and described everything as much as was neededThe gelato itself was amazing. Good consistency and a multitude of Flavors. I originally started off with a double scoop of mango and strawberry. It wasn't bad, but after consulting with my fellow yelpers I had to sneak back for round 2. That ended up being the extremely strange sounding but super delicious combo of pistachio and blue cheese. Didn't expect to love it as much as I did but I have no complaints. Overall it was a great experience and I'm sure I'll be checking them out when the weather gets really warm
5	This gelatto joint has the perfect name. The owner of this store is legitimately an artist with her edible creations! She gave me a sample of her strawberry, vinaigrette, pepper gelatto and I was amazed. That sounds like a terrible mix, but somehow she makes magic happen and continually creates masterpieces with all of her flavors.
5	Love this place great flavors of the day. Today I am having Roasted asparagus/with apples and tiramisu. Last time I was here had peach and gorgonzola awesome. The nice part about this place is its lighter than ice cream and gelato. Family owened and operated very nice people. The fact they have fun with trying new flavors all the time.
4	Finally a gelateria that rivals those of Firenze or Roma; almost.  The Italian spirit is alive and well.  A myriad of made fresh daily gelato, a warm smile, tastes of this and that offered enthusiastically. Product Pros:- Made fresh daily.- Good density and smooth texture of the gelato.  Near creamy, texture for the sorbetto.- Well extracted, clean, concentrated flavors.  Fruit flavors in the mango and strawberry excellent.  Both taste and smell like the sun ripened fruit.  Pistachio, avocado, and white coffee (a baked rather than roasted bean that has the flavor of roasted nuts and an herbaceous tea like finish), all aromatic and deeply flavored.- The gelato base flavor, fior di latte (milk's flower), milky, creamy, fatty in a good way.  Well controlled sweetness.- Great savory flavors.  Well balanced flavors.  The rosemary and EVOO, classically Italian with the hint of rosemary aroma and taste finishing peppery with the flavor of olive oil.  The chocolate with pasilla and red chilies; brooding, almost bitter chocolate flavor with a spicy kick on the finish.Product Cons:- Pasteurized milk and the terrior is not evident.- Sweetness of inventive dessert flavors mimics the real dessert (ie peach cobbler).  High and cloying.Note:  They make gelato for several restaurants including Novecento Pizzeria.  Freshness matters.  Make the trek to experience the best.Enjoy it now as the Vegas temperatures climb into the 70's. In a few months when it's 110 outside, you'll be looking at a puddle in seconds and that's just sad
5	Fan-freaking-tastic!! Seriously, this gelato is out of this world.  I have been to Art of Flavors twice now, and both times upon walking up to the counter Desyree, the owner, begins dishing out samples of her masterpiece concoctions. She has MANY to choose from and she is not hesitant to let you try as many as you would like. There wasn't one flavor that I didn't say, "Wow! This is incredible!" (along with some other expletives for emphasis). After a few minutes of agonizing decision making my sister and I finally settled on sharing the Butter Cookie and  Strawberry Pepper Balsamic.  I would have never thought that those would be my choices, but Desyree is a magician with combining delicious flavors and creating something explosive. All of the gelatos are are creamy, very flavorful, and not too heavy or sweet. The shop itself is very cute and is the perfect place to sit and hang out with friends. I only wish that is was in a location that I would feel comfortable taking my kids to during the day (or night) by myself. The owners just seem like really fabulous people who genuinely care about their product, using their artistic taste freedom, the people that they serve, and the satisfaction of their customers. If you have't tried Art of Flavors you need to - like right now! You won't be disappointed.
5	Anyone who gives this magnificent gem anything less than a 5 star should be jumped ! Lol This place is INCREDIBLE!!!!! I tried almost every flavor they had and it was impossible to decide which one to get but I ended up getting the plain one they use as a base for their gelato and it was pure heaven! They also had cookies which of course I had to get because I love cookies and they were perfect! Oooooh I love this place so much they will be seeing alot more of me ;D
5	All I have is love for this place! I love gelato and unique flavor combinations and this place has them both!  The gelato here is light and creamy and the flavor combos are in a constant rotation.  I was stalking yelp and wanted to try the sweet corn or the maple bacon, but because of their variety there was a totally new set of flavors.  The flavor of the day was salted caramel and they also had PBx3 (banana,bacon), &J, irish cream, strawberries and champagne, hazelnut.  They allowed us to sample to our hearts delight with a smile on their face the whole time.  We ended up with the fiore di latte and salted caramel in a waffle cone and it was pure heaven.  They also have gelatoccookie sandwiches, paninis with gelato, and tubs of gelato to go.  If I lived closer to this area, I would go there weekly.
5	This is my go to gelato place and I make sure to take everyone I know here! The owner is one of the friendliest and sweetest people you will ever meet. Every experience I've had there is wonderful and keeps me coming back. I always start with a few samples since the flavors change every day. One of my favorite flavors has been the rose one made with real rose petals! When I can't decide on one, I like to mix a few of them together. You can also never go wrong with the base flavor.If you're around DTLV, you have to do yourself a flavor and get yourself some gelato from art of flavors!
5	Really awesome!! The owner was there and was running the front house, did the tastings, and explained all the different flavors.  Loved that you got the one on one time with the person in charge.  Everything is made from scratch and is natural.  The actual gelato was really tasty. We ordered pistachio and it was top notch. It really had the nutty flavor of the pistachio, which you don't always get with this flavor.  Will be back in another trip!
5	Best Gelato I've ever had. I've been here a couple times and am hooked! The owner makes it all herself, and they'll encourage you to try all the flavors. Some are pretty crazy, but all delicious! There are new flavors each time, my favorite is the lemon creme! I'll be eating as much gelato here as I can before I have to move from Vegas!
4	I wish I didn't live so far from downtown because id come here all of the time! Their gelato is so rich and creamy. They have unique flavors but they all taste pretty damn well. I say it is a bit pricey for a scoop or two, but hey I guess it's worth it!
5	Gelato Alert! This is a "must stop" when in Vegas. Incredibly rich tasting flavors made fresh daily. You can taste the attention to quality. Wow!! Worth the trip no no worth Two or Three trips during every visit.  :)
5	I am so glad that I finally found the name of this place! I went to Viva Las Arepas, next door, and thought I would be too full to eat anything else. I was wrong and I am so glad.My boyfriend and I walked in and stared at all of the flavors. I was in disbelief when I read strawberry balsamic vinegar, avocado, and some bell pepper flavor. I knew this place must be amazing if they had the kahonas to create flavors like that. I sampled the avocado and it was SO refreshing. I was afraid of the balsamic, but my boyfriend tried it and said it was awesome. We ended up getting one scoop of our favorite flavors. He got the cookie butter and I got the chile chocolate. I am so happy that he got the cookie butter because my gelato was genuinely hot! I'm used to the wimpy chocolate bars that claim to have chile in them, when I really can't taste any heat. THIS ... this was the opposite. It was so creamy and chocolatey. So good. So spicy. The back of my mouth/throat was on fire after a few bites. After every three or four bites of my gelato, I had to take a bite of my boyfriend's. I'm not complaining at all here, this is what I signed up for. And I have no regrets.Actually, the only regret I have is not buying a tub of gelato to take home. SO GOOD. I will definitely be coming back, maybe sometime after I get off work since they're open until 11 PM! So awesome. Affordable, delicious, luxury. I felt like I should be on Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous after feeling so treated. I know that seems a little crazy, but I really felt fancy after eating the deliciousness that is Art of Flavors.
5	My husband and I have made several visits, and never have we left disappointed. The owner is extremely sweet and helpful. From creative flavors such as roasted pepper or Gorgonzola and pear, to more mainstream pistachio, everything is handcrafted with care, and delightful. My husband always gets cookie butter, but I like  to branch out- tonight's 1/2 almond nougat, 1/2 cinnamon toast crunch was fantastic. I can't wait to bring out of town guests here!Parking can be tricky, but (knock on wood) so far we've always found a spot.
5	I had to go and see what all the hype was about with their perfect yelp rating. Boy was I impressed. They had a bunch of delicious favors that I got to try. I settled on the lavender and the cookie butter flavors. So delicious. Usually I can't eat too much ice cream or gelato but I was able to eat every last drop and still wanted more. Such a clean fresh flavor. Just writing this makes me want to go back and try one of their ice cream sandwich kind of things.
5	The flavors are all homemade and delicious! The service is excellent as well! The owner is very friendly and if it's your first time she'll explain the flavors to you and how they're made. We will definitely come back to try the new flavors of the day!
5	This gelato is amazing! All week on our vacation, my family and I have been comparing our desserts to the bellagio gelato, and this was just out of this world! Best gelato around!  I must add- service was great, too. The owner is so friendly and gave us samples of everything before we decided!
5	I had lavendar and Rose petal. Outstanding & great flavors. Worth finding. There is parking in the front.
4	We have eaten here several times as it is next door to Arepas.  We always finish with ice cream for dessert.  I am not a ice cream person, but my husband is.  His family even owned an ice cream place for a while.  I think my husband's favorite is the pistachio.  Oddly, the strawberry balsamic was good, although it didn't sound appealing.  The lady is always generous and patient with tastings.  She has sometimes had her mom and daughter there, so it is nice to support a family business.  She is always the one working the counter whenever we have went.  I keep wanting to try the sweet corn, but always miss it.
5	The chocolate sorbet was the most exquisite thing I've ever tasted!  It was like a frozen mousse. Very friendly. I love this place.  My second visit in one week!
5	Absolutely the best place in Las Vegas for ice cream/gelato. They offer your basic flavors plus the crazy ones too. Gorgonzola Pear gelato is absolutely fantastic. Today I had cookie butter and chocolate. Absolute Heaven!!!! The owner is super nice too and will let you try anything and everything.
5	What a wonderful place. The owner herself gave us a great introduction to how she makes the gelato and gave us tastes of many flavors without even asking! There are both more "traditional" as well inventive flavors. We got salted caramel, Greek yogurt, and tiramisu. Good price, FANTASTIC gelato!
5	Came back again for some more deliciousness!! The owner was there and more than willing to give us samples of whatever we wanted to try. We sampled a pear and blue cheese, tiramisu, cookies and cream, soursop, and orange cream. The pear and blue cheese was good but not sweet enough for me to eat by itself. My boyfriend thought it was a bit too cheesy. I thought the pear and the blue cheese paired very well!The orange cream was a little lacking. The flavor was good but not very strong. We ended up getting the tiramisu and cookies and cream. I don't like coffee... At all. Not even a little bit. But this tiramisu was divine! She said she mixes coffee into the gelato and I was impressed. I could only eat a few bites before it was a little too much for me, but my boyfriend ate the entire thing. I loved my cookies and cream! It wasn't too sweet, like it was fake and full of sugar. It was a perfect balance of mild gelato and delicious cookies.With our gelato, we also got 2 chocolate chip cookies. We ended up dipping them in our gelato and it was so goooood. The cookies weren't too sweet but they went very well with the gelato. They were very dense and delicious!! I can't wait to come back!
5	I'm jumping on the bandwagon -- a bandwagon that's been full since this place opened. Excellent selection of gelato and sorbetto made daily in house. Check out Instagram, Twitter, FB to see what their daily special flavors are. The water-based sorbetto is light and smooth with the pina colada flavor yielding bits of coconut and prominent pineapple and rum flavors just like the drink. The rocky road and cookies and cream gelato were much sweeter and creamier, perfect for warm Vegas days.
5	Not in the best neighborhood but it would be worth risking your life for this stuff.
5	Delicious gelato, generous portions, awesome owner. When you arrive, the flavors are explained to you and multiple samples offered. The owner really cares that you have a great experience. I've never been approached this way at any other dining experience, so this is why I'm writing my very first review on yelp. There are so many unique flavors. Definitely a work of art.
5	Seriously such a good find. 5 stars for sure. Unique flavors. We tested them all and they were all amazing. The lavender was delish. And same with the rosemary. Sooooo good.
5	I've been on this band wagon for quite some time now. I don't think anything could get me off. Well unless she stops making all these ridiculously delicious flavors. I mean come on, who thinks of this stuff. Dezzy that's who! I wish I could literally list every flavor, but I would be up all night. So I decided to list some of my favorites so far. Starting with Cookie Butter! Cinnamon toast crunch, sticky toffee pudding, peach cobbler, lucky charms, fruit loops, Fiore de latte, chocolate sorbetto, every fruit flavor of sorbetto, lavender... And this isn't even all of them. Or the ones to come in the future. I admit, some flavors are just completely strange and make my jaw fall open. But the flavors are true. For me one of the most outrageous was Rose Petal. It tasted just as a rose smells. No way I could eat a whole serving, but tops the list for me in strange, amazing, crazy, spectacular flavors. Always great service! You are greeted when you enter and can try as many flavors as your little heart desires. The area is not the best, but it's downtown so what do you expect. It doesn't hinder us from frequenting weekly.If you're new to vegas or just haven't had a chance to stop by then hurry up and jump on this bandwagon. It's heading over to Art of Flavors!
4	This place was awesome.  From the cool owner / chef to the cool off the wall flavors.  I wish they maybe had more seating or where in a cooler chic area, but the gelato and sorbet were good.  She overloaded us with samples so we knew exactly which flavors we wanted.  I settled for the Cinnamon Roll and the Chocolate Gelato.  Amazing!!  My friend had the coconut and the rosemary and oil which was pretty good, but I liked mine way better.  She changes the flavors daily and I believe you can follow her on Twitter or IG for the flavors of the day.
5	Agree with everybody else:The gelato is delicious. The flavor selection is gourmet and interesting. Prices are cheap. The location is arts district, so that's cool, but kinda a long way to go for gelato. Locally owned is a bonus. I love taking out of town visitors here and visiting myself when I'm in the area.
5	This was my dessert on my birthday after eating at Soho Sushi, another business with an unbelievable 5 star average with 100's of reviews. Well, I have to say this might have been my finest 1 2 punch in terms of dinner and desert in one evening. The place is in a bit of a crap area, and quite frankly my girlfriend and I were like...wtf? Where is this random 5 star place in the middle of all this junk? From the outside it's very understated and unassuming, but inside was very nice. Reminded me of nicer cold stones. Anyway, we got in and the owner who I believe was Desyree asked if it was our first time. We said yup, just moved to the area 3 weeks ago. She then launched into an unbelievable tour of the gelato. Without asking, she started handing us sample after sample and guiding us as to what we were experiencing at what her methodology was. She was one of the most passionate and friendly business owners I've ever met, one of the ones that truly stand out. One moment in particular was quite surreal, she gives me the Cioccolato e Peperoncino (chocolate with red chile), and as she confidently hands it to me she tells me that I'll get a nice chocolate flavor and then in about five seconds it will hit the back of my throat with spice. I had already put in my mouth as she was saying that, and like clockwork the spice hit my mouth and throat. It was incredible. I ordered that along with cookie butter and amazing strawberry cheesecake gelato. She also gave me a taste of AVOCADO gelato. Talk about experimenting with flavors! It was spot on too. This woman is unbelievable at what she does. My girlfriend got the fruity flavors, which were the most authentic tasting fruit gelato I've ever had. This woman very clearly is an artist, and she takes this stuff very seriously and is passionate about it. For me, this place is the epitome of a five star establishment. Incredible product, reasonable prices, local owners, and owners that are extremely passionate about customer service and the quality they put out. This place and Soho sushi are two perfect examples of local businesses that I want to support forever, and I hope they continue to have such success in the local community. With passion and quality like this, something tells me they will.
5	Parking here is a little sketchy being that this place is located right off lv blvd and charleston but the gelato is worth it. They have a flavor of the day and comprise most of their gelato with organic and unique ingredients. Surprisingly the rose mary olive oil is really good. Staff are really nice and offered many samples and explained the flavors and ingredients of almost all they had to offer unlike most places you might go to that just want you to pick what you want and go. The gelato was smooth and perfect texture of sweet, not over doing it. Prices are really cheap and reasonable as well considering it is near the strip and most places around this side of town can be overly escalated due to tourism. I recommend this place, hands down best gelato in vegas.
4	Vegas is dangerous.I normally control the sugar intake well below average American but there is just so much exposure to visually appealing sweets in this town.Plus this heat. Back when we lived in San Francisco, we bought ice creams like a couple of times per year. Per year! But since we moved here we had gelato and yogurt countless times already.Art of Flavors is one of thoe dangerous places.I admit the indulgence in my new habit, oh but wait, the Sin City title is given for a reason...
5	Owner and gelato chef Desyree gave us as many samples as we asked for- which is great because we wanted to try everything, from the jelly doughnut gelato to the strawberry margarita sorbet. Hardest decision was to decide on what to order for our cones. You can preview some of the flavor sub the freezer. Wish we could be here for Lucky Charms or peanut butter jelly and banana gelato. Area seems a little sketch but this shop and it's goods are delicious enough to be in any of the huge casinos on the strip. I hope she'll still be here on our next visit.
5	Area is unusual but don't let that deceive you! It's like a hidden gem in the city of deliciousness :)The flavors were definitely unique like a reddish Bananas Foster or this Strawberry Balsamic Vinaigrette with Pepper which actually isn't as weird tasting as it sounds. I actually recommend that one! The peanut butter one tasted like you scooped it from the jar and salty caramel was perfect. You have the options to get one flavor or up to three flavors. It's nice cos she places the flavors side by side instead of stacked so you can enjoy each one individually.Owner is super friendly and passionate about her flavors. Feel free to sample whatever you like. She's happy to help you do so. Only thing is I wish they offered more seating. If you have a group of four, you pretty much used half the seats available in the store. Can't really imagine if it was a busy weekend day/night where people would sit besides outside. Other than that, it was worth the trip and made my sweet tooth very happy.
5	Art of Flavors has some really exciting and unordinary flavored gelato that change from day to day. The flavors include jelly donuts, snickers, lavender, strawberry margarita, lemon meringue pie to name a few. All home made and no artificial ingredents!*Upon walking in, we were instantly greeted by this friendly lady who started us off with a brief intro and handed us samples after samples starting with the plain base she uses for all her gelato. Everything we tried was so creamy and delicious. They were all packed with flavors and very distinctive between each other. We ended up getting a medium cup with a scoop of jelly donuts and a scoop of pistachio. The jelly donut gelato was very interesting and had a very donutty yeasty after taste. Donut in gelato form- loveee! The pistachio was sooooo good! Definitely one of the best scoop of pistachio gelato I've had. The nutty gritty taste of pistachio was so prominent. Would be perfect if there were pistachio nut bits all around tho.Can't wait to stop here again on my next Vegas trip and try some new flavors!
3	The first time I came here was for someone's birthday and I sampled a variety of flavors both milk based and fruit based but none of them stood out to me so I didn't end up ordering anything. I decided to not write a review until giving it another try and last night was the night. I was starving once I arrived and tried many flavors once again. The flavors that I ordered were the cookie butter and cookies & cream. This was my first time every tasting cookie butter in general but it reminded me of honey graham crackers. I enjoyed this flavor at first but after a while it was entirely too sweet. I thought the cookies & cream was average with a vanilla base and generic Oreo cookies. I would have liked to see a different take on the cookies & cream. Like the other reviewers who gave 3 stars; I really want to like this but it just doesn't do anything for me.
5	Don't go to Vegas without at least one visit to Art of Flavors.  My friends and were in the mood for something sweet after a delicious Thai dinner.  We turned to yelp, and found Art of Flavors.  It definitely deserves its 5 stars!  The owner was very sweet, and let us try nearly each flavor before we each settled on our choice.  It was not easy to make a decision!  I had the cinnamon toast crunch flavor, and it was like a snickerdoodle melted in my mouth - yummmmm.
5	I've been here many times. The owner is the sweetest woman in town and her gelato is spectacular. She mixes ingredients that you would never expect to mix and makes masterpieces for our enjoyment. I'm really going to miss this place when I move back to Cali.
5	Hi. My name is Drew and I have lactose intolerance. Why should you care? Bc I NEVER eat ice cream or gelato... besides AOF. Given, the above statement means I don't have much experience judging gelato, I still think it means a lot that I roll the dice to eat the lovely creamy goodness from AOF. From my first time here, a blind tasting, to subsequent visits ordering specialties like cinnamon toast crunch and blueberry pancake, I always leave wanting more. The price is right. The owners are on hand and friendly. What else can you ask for? Then again, I can see how it can be hit or miss, bc your fave flavor from last time might not be there on your next visit, but I've always found a nice substitute. Do it.
5	Go here. Eat everything.
4	Located in an unassuming strip mall down the street from The Little White Chapel and right next to Viva Las Arepas. It's gelato heaven!!Last stop on my food tour!My party and I were all drooling in front of the refrigerator where stacks upon stacks of extra gelato sat cool and pretty in all it's majestic glory. If only I had a hankering for a savory concoction.... Maybe next time!I tried many samples.... Original, Rose, Fruit Loops... Lilac. Man, too many to mention. The owner was more than accommodating and super nice. I ended up ordering the watermelon sorbet with a floral (I think lilac) and it was a great combo. The watermelon was perfect for the hot weather! Not overly sweet or artificial tasting. One of my friends was swooning over the fact they serve illy coffee :)Will be back!
5	My dad and I just stumbled upon this place. Man am I GLAD! This place was amazing!!!!! I checked it out on Yelp after and was very impressed by full 5 stars!!!This is definitely worth the trip, AMAZING flavors and consistency, my dad who is a gelato fanatic...said it was in his top 5!!!!!Try dark chocolate and salted caramel side by side! mmmmmmmmmm
5	Seriously the best gelato and sorbet I've ever had.  Try the chocolate sorbet. You won't be disappointed.
5	My girlfriends and I have been looking forward to coming here for quite a while, and it was worth the wait! We've found a new happiness destination. One of my friends said, "It makes me feel like a kid again." (Dare I say it, it comes very close to Disneyland status)  As soon as we walked in we were kindly greeted and offered samples of almost all the flavors because it was our first time. WE WERE IN HEAVEN.  It was so hard to decide, they all tasted delicious!! I LOVE the unique flavors, some flavors are "don't knock it till you try it." Trust me, I love interesting flavors but I don't like blue cheese (and this is coming from a girl who loves cheese, just not blue :p) but I LOVED the Pear & Blue Cheese, paired with Chocolate gelato. My friends got Strawberry & Thyme w/ cantoloupe, and Matcha Green Tea Kit Kat. They're all really good, there are no bad flavors here. The decor is simplistic and inviting and i also noticed the lucky cat, in Asian culture that signifies luck in business, it will help bring in customers and business. i love seeing those :) and their products and services definitely proved it! They were so kind to us. I could see how much passion and love that goes into their gelato and everything about their business. TOP QUALITY SERVICE & addictive flavors...what's not to love?! We will be back FOR SURE. P.S. check out their Instagram for new flavors & flavor of the day!! (I was looking forward to trying some I saw on there, but she's so creative and inventive some flavors are only available for a limited time! Do not miss out on them! ) GO GET GELATO WASTED! GO. NOW. ;)
4	Never having has gellato before, this was definitely a lot easier on the wallet and feet than going over to the ice creamery on The Strip. Close to my house and filled with several unique flavors (avocado,  parmesan cheese, roasted red peppers, etc.), I would definitely recommend this place to anyone that cares to ask.Also, if you follow her on one of her social media websites,  she posts a Flavor of the Day.
5	First off, I would like to say that Desyree Alberganti, the creative chef and the owner of Art of Flavors is a genius!  I mean to know one's own art and taste and flavor and how to combine them into the extraordinary desserts / gelatos that she creates is really more about passion and knowledge, mixed with experience and being at one with your creations.a. We got here at 1:00 because we were making this a destination visit and did not want to have issues with parking or waiting too long.  They open at 1:00 on Sundays.b.  Desyree greeted us and saw our wide eyed excitement, so she kindly asked us if this was our first time.  We were already entranced by the works of art known as gelato in her display case.  This is no regular gelato place. This is not the gelato you find being served by servers. This is gelato that are creations into themselves and you are part of the experience.c.  The Gelato - I am not going to even start to spell or type the names of all the flavors that there were.  The apple jack was creative.  Yes, bits of apple jack mixed into a creamy topping over the gelato.  Amazing how the gelato did not overpower the apple jack taste at all. Brought back great memories of being a kid.  The key lime was absolutely top notch and I would choose this over key lime pie any day.  I used to have Key Lime pie flown in from Florida to Paris for events, and let me tell you, this gelato was the top.  There was hazelnut, almonds, pistachio, strawberry with thyme, berry flavors , cookies and creme, and more.  I cannot put in words how great this stuff looked. Seriously, I have no idea the calories of this stuff, but I would skip lunch anyway, and trap a tablespoon (or larger) and just have a field day in her display cabins.  d.  The experience - I mean, we are talking about pride here. this is about quality, about a vision, a desire and a passion for being the best. I enjoy being part of this and having experiences what so many yelpers have wrote about.Thanks fellow yelpers Rod U, Tony T, Norm K, Nelson Q, for all the comments. Not sure how I will have as many checkins as some of you, but I am so glad to have checked out this place......GK says TAKE ACTION NOW and get over to this place.
5	The gelato is so good we came back 2 days in a row.  Had the white chocolate almond today.. It was delicious! Affagato is awesome too, nice and strong and you can pick your flavor to go with it.
5	Oh my effin gosh! Deeeelicious and totally refreshing.  Trust me, I love gelato/sorbetto...the only place that previously held my favorite gelato spot was Il laboratorio del gelato in NYC and Talenti satisfies my cravings at home. But dang...this place...this place is on a whole different level...EUPHORIC!Came here with Michelle G. and other friends and I kid you not, as we were eating our gelato there was silence, eyes were rolling back and then the commentary started:"I feel like a kid again""I'm just so happy right now""This is the best thing ever""I am so gelato wasted right now"Chef Desyree is such a culinary genius and totally sweet.  If you're planning to order two scoops, she will totally help you with pairing.  The flavors here are creative, which include sweet and savory options. I was able to sample many and they were all so good! Some of the flavors are bacon/brie, pear/blue cheese, rosemary/EVOO. Soursop, a tropical fruit was yummy too!My absolute favorite here is the strawberry/watermelon w/ thyme. A close second are the kit kat creations (depending on the day the kit kat concoctions are white chocolate or matcha green tea). There is just a lovely aftertaste of sweet wafer goodness!This neat spot north of the strip surely deserves more than five stars! The area is so hip and nice foodie options nearby :) Stay tuned for the flavor(s) of the day on their IG: artofflavorslv
5	Simply amazing gelato with a lot of unique flavors to choose from....basil, rosemary, sweet corn, and cinnamon sticky buns to name a few.  The service is amazing and the owner explained the flavors and ingredients she used in each one we sampled.  The gelato is smooth, light and creamy with their distinctive flavors. This is a must when your in the downtown Las Vegas area. Parking is small but it's worth it!
5	Gelato nirvana!I didn't think I could find better gelato (used to frequent a different place) until now!Flavors taste fresh and homemade.  Unusual/exotic flavors available.  Cakes and a gelato "panini" are also on the menu.  Prices are comparable to other gelato shops.  The location and parking are less than ideal, but I'll deal with it in order to get this gelato!  I wish her much luck and success... hoping more locations open up, especially near my home!
4	This place is awesome! I came here because of Yelp and I'm so happy I decided to stop by. The gelato is really fresh and everything is made from scratch. They are very generous with the samples and I tried quite a few before I settled on strawberries and cream. It was amazing! I wanted something plain like vanilla but I was very happy with what I got. The cinnamon bun flavor tasted exactly like it was supposed to and I will try that next if they don't have vanilla. This place is a little expensive so be prepared. It's also very cold inside the shop, which is odd to me because as hot as Vegas is it was too cold to enjoy my gelato in the shop! Everyone who helped me was very nice and accommodating, which is a rare treat in Vegas. I was very pleased with the service and will definitely be returning!
5	In honor of the upcoming National Creative Ice Cream Flavor Day (July 1), I submit Art of Flavors to be the nominee for most creative.  They have rosemary gelato.  What, you say, herb flavored gelato?  YES.  They've also had bell pepper, brie cheese, sweet corn, and lavender as flavors!  And I'm barely scratching the surface of all of the amazing and "weird" flavors this place has in addition to favorites like hazelnut and strachiatella.When you first see the unique flavors, this is the order of your reaction:1.) Scrunch face and say, "Eww!"2.) Ask, "Is there really _________ in that gelato?"3.) Again say, "Eww!"4.) Then say, "......can I try it?"5.) Sheepishly taste it and then go, "Oh my God, that's amazing!"It will really open up your taste buds and palate to a plethora of new sensations and adventures.  I love it.
5	This place certainly deserves all the praise they can get. All the other non-5 star reviews are just haters who are claiming they were underwhelmed. I must admit this is the best gelato I've ever had. Although I've never been to Italy I think I've had my fair share of gelato. You will see she has an array of different flavors and won't mind giving you a sample of all them, if you really needed it? She is that patient that she doesn't mind doing this. Some of the more interesting flavors I've seen are rosemary and maple bacon. However, on both visits I've had the one with white chocolate kit kat because it's so good! I love white chocolate kit kats and this gelato version is absolutely divine. The texture is so smooth and creamy. The inside of this place is really clean and all the fixtures look new. Although this is an old shopping center she did a fine job of making it up to date. If she had a predominant sign on the street it would definitely bring her more business. Art of Flavors is definitely a culinary destination.
5	I love to bring my daughter here. Every time, we are greeted as familiar regulars and offered an unlimited number of samples from the ever-changing menu of craft made sweetness.If you are looking to blow someone's mind, check out the Ice Cream Panini, an amazing mix of toasted frostiness.It's also one of the few neighborhood places to get a lemon Pellegrini, one of the most refreshing and addictive beverages ever.My personal favorite: Gorgonzola Cheese Gelato
5	Amazing gelato and flavors! I had the spicy chocolate and the peanut butter gelatos... Also tried the cinnamon bun which was amazing!
5	A friend had a craving for sweets last night and recommend this place. We tried almost every flavor (bacon, pineapple, mint chocolate chip, pistachio) and they were all awesome! They make their gelato fresh everyday. Go here!
5	This place is amazing! The staff was at the ready with the sampling spoons, eager to have everyone try a bunch of different flavors before making a decision. I decided on the creme brulee gelato and it was delicious! Will definitely be back.
5	What a great little place to have right down the street!  The gelato is so delicious and so many creative flavors to choose from.  My three year old loves tasting them all...even the adventurous flavors like red pepper.  We go at least once a week or so and the staff is always very friendly and welcoming.  Would highly recommend Art of Flavors to anyone!
5	Went here and had some amazing gelato! I highly recommend this place to both visitors in the area and those that live here. Wonderful in every way!
5	Omg !!! Great flavors .Great service . Owner knows what she is doing.Not in the best side of town it in a little corner strip mall on way to old downtown Las Vegas.  Worth the effort to get here. Thanks
5	Ooh la la! La la la la la! Mikey was sooo right! This is the BEST gelato! I ordered the caramel salted & cookies & cream & Mikey ordered the Bread pudding & strawberries n cream! They also gave me a free cookie for my birthday! Thank u smooches! I WILL B BACK!
5	This is one of those diamonds in the rough type situations here. When you as around not many people know cause it's in a little tucked away strip type mall. But man flavors are freaking spot onNot the greatest side of Vegas but going for the drive a quick minute or two and you land I a a heaven on a spoon situationDe-Lucius
5	I always have to drop by this place whenever I drive by Sahara and Las Vegas BLVD. I am one of the annoying customers that try atleast 3 or 4 flavors. It's a good thing that the workers there are so nice to have patience with me haha. I swear that all of the flavors they have are so good. I would go here everyday to check out what new flavor they have. All their fruit flavored gelatos taste so fresh. It's perfect for the summer heat. My bf ' s favorite is the mango because it has real bits of mango in it. One of my favorites is the white coffee bean ice cream, it's so creamy. There were a few other flavors I liked but I forgot their names.Overall, they have an awesome selection and they have a flavor for everyone.
5	It's hard to describe how unique this little shop is. First the Italians that were working so cute and so friendly. They'll let you try any of the flavors they're selling that day. Today we tried the special of the day which was white chocolate and I also tried the peanut butter. They were both good but ultimately I got the fior di latte which is my absolute favorite it reminds me of being in Florence.  I got the biggest one but I got it to go and they will pack it up for you and even keep it in the freezer until you're ready to leave.  what did we do until we were ready to leave well I'm glad you asked there is a huge freezer on the side that literally has all the wonderful flavors that the proprietor has made and you can buy them in the entire silver tin for only $45 it's incredible!!!!
5	The Skinny: innovative flavors and options --- panini ice cream sandwiches anyone? I need to come back (5) Service: friendly and helpful - more than willing to provide you with samples (5) Value: steak and eggs with pepper sauce.... what???? 'Nuff said. (5)We came in because it was my birthday and the goal was to have at least 3 desserts today. I had just finished a fondant (ie, molten cake) at db Brasserie so I was ready for round 2.Tucked within the same plaza as Viva Las Arepas, we stopped by to scope things out. The chef and owner greeted us and introduced her products. I think we sampled nearly all her offerings. Of interest was the strawberry/balsamic vinegar, basil (nice and minty), coconut and the chocolate mint. We ended up with the strawberry/balsamic , the coconut and the chocolate mint.The strawberry/balsamic was more of a sorbetto than gelato. Light and refreshing, you could tell the quality of the ingredients from just one taste. The coconut gelato had a nice texture to it while the chocolate mint really satisfied my cravings (I love chocolate and mint!).What was more astounding was the display case filled with all the concoctions she's experimented with. Steak and eggs with pepper sauce? Chocolate and peperoncini? Pear gorgonzola? Say whaaaa? Okay, so the scoop is that she puts out the savoury/unique flavors out on Friday/Saturdays.On top of that is her panini pressed gelato sandwiches. These sandwiches have specific combinations because apparently the gelato has to be held at a colder temperature to make a successful sandwich. I forgot to ask her if it was like a brioche con gelato... I had heard rumors about this Sicilian treat but I've never had a chance to try it. Will perform further investigation on this matter the next visit.Overall, I really enjoyed the treats here. $6 will get you a sizable portion with three different flavors and enough to share...if you are willing! Given the quality of the ingredients and the innovative flavors, this place scores a five in my book. 5-starred review.
5	I went in with Expectations, here, and they were well met. This is the kind of place that I will be bringing friends and family to when they come to visit Vegas.
5	Stopped here last night after dinner.   First time.   Staff was wonderful.  Gelato was out of this world!!!!!  Spent 5-10 minutes talking with the owner.  Very nice and knowledgeable.    Will DEFINITELY be coming back.
5	A hidden gem in Las Vegas for sure.  This place has the most AMAZING desert anywhere.  I work nearby and we go all the time for a mid afternoon snack.  Desyree is such a great creator.  I absolutely love the flavors she comes up with.  The name of the place is very fitting because her flavors have become artwork that you always want to know about.  Her basic flavors are amazing.  But the creative ones are amazing.  I can not emphasize, this review can not emphasize how delicious her gelato is.  Will always recommend to go to this desert place.  And she is just a wonderful and kind woman.
5	How does she make gelato taste exactly like whatever she names it? Unbelievable. Lavendar, fried donuts, strawberries & cream...it's all good!
5	Fantastic flavors! Little shop off the beaten path. Worth the drive for sure. ((Look next to the arepas shop)) If you want something unique and satisfying for dessert or a midday snack, this is it! Unique flavors: fior du latte, peach cobbler, strawberry rhubarb, mixed berry.... AndFor the cafe connoisseur, affogato (espresso with gelato float). Sweet and mild gelato paninis! Yes, made fresh with brioche and gelato- HOT AND COLD! Not too sweet, practically perfect in every way.
5	Absolutely amazing man ... it is just as good as (if not better than) Frostbites in Los Angeles (http://www.yelp.com/biz/frostbites-crepes-and-frozen-delights-cypress), which I considered as one of the sorbet I've had (except that Frostbites is $2 cheaper comparing with Art of Flavors). The owner was very nice and I was able to sample several flavors. Here were some of gelato / sorbet flavors available during my visit:Steak and Eggs, Lamponi Raspberries, Pork Pate, Pistachio, Passion Fruit, etc. Ananas pineapple (sorbetto alla frutta) + Fior di Latte (milk's flower, sorbetto) $4.95 with 2 flavors - Simply perfect ice to sweetness ratio. Pineapple was just a tad sweet and fior di latte has such a smooth texture and creamy flavor. It was so good that I had to restrain myself from ordering more gelato / sorbet. I know the store is located off the Strip (pretty close to the Stratosphere), but I strongly recommend this little gelato / sorbet store and it was definitely worth the drive for me.
5	Absolutely phenomenal!!!  We went there on our way out of Vegas and this is a can't miss place. We had the pleasure of going to Italy last summer and learned what real, good gelato is. Unfortunately, we have not been able to find it in the States, even in Houston. This gelato matched up to Italy and with the owners creative creations, this place was worth the trip past the north end of the strip. Both my wife and I love the sobettos the best and these did not disappoint. Can't wait to go back.
5	The hype is real! Everyone always talks about art of flavors in yelp talk about must try places in Vegas and I couldn't agree more.The only gelato I've had is at Caesar's Palace so maybe I am no authority but this place is so good! I'm a die hard Luv It and Cold Stone fan but this definitely is my new favorite cold dessert place.So they make all of their gelato in house. They have about 10-12 flavors at a time from what I can see. If you get a small you can pick one flavor. If you get a medium you can get up to two flavors. If you get the biggest I believe you can get 3. The prices I believe are $3.50, then about $5, and then maybe $6.50.I got the caramel cookie which was a flavor of the day and half of the pistachio baklava.I was so glad I did get that pistachio baklava.Did I say pistachio baklava too much? The pistachio baklava changed my life.The pistachio baklava is the pinnacle of frozen creamy desserts.The pistachio baklava is a must try.The pistachio baklava is so.. Creamy, perfectly sweet, rich, buttery, and mildly nutty.Although the caramel one was good the awesomeness of the pistachio baklava was just making it taste .. Not memorable.If you do, which I do suggest you go, I suggest you get one flavor to really appreciate it.This place is really special.My family & my niece especially loved it as well.It was so busy I do suggest extra seating. That's the only thing I can say.The price is really justified in the specialness of the product.Oh & the staff is nice and helpful.
5	The Skinny: Sicilian pistachio was so good, I nearly creamed my pants. So delicious! (5) Service: awesome owner who doesn't shy away from offering samples (5) Value: innovative flavors, great service, orgasmic ice cream.... need I say more? (5)Normally, I don't write a heck of a lot of up dates but with the Art of Flavors, I'll make an exception.All I have to say is this: Sicilian Pistachio.When I was a kid, I never used to like pistachio given the propensity for the artificial coloring and flavor used to make this particular flavor. As I got older and tasting real pistachio ice cream/gelati, it's become one of my favorite flavors. This is one of the best pistachio gelati I've had - so incredibly creamy and delicious.  It would have been great with some real pistachios thrown on top. Like I said... I nearly creamed my pants it was so good.I also got to try their regular chocolate which I like better than their chocolate mint - rich dark chocolate, remarkably smooth.The blueberry sorbetto was quite good as well and my husband loved the lightness of this contrasting with the deep chocolate/pistachio flavors.Oh and to confirm, they do serve brioche con gelato which is brioche bread with gelati pressed in between. I love the fact that every time you come, you will have something you've never tried before. I noted that other than the base gelati that they have, I hadn't had most of the flavors they had out 1 week later. So much fun but I will be sad if I never get to have their pistachio again!
5	This place is absolutely delicious! I come here often and am never disappointed. The owner is wonderful and is a genius when it comes to her creations! I always make it a point to bring my friends and family here and everyone loves it. This place is the real deal, there's a flavor for everyone and you won't regret coming here! Stop reading and go get some gelato!
5	Lucky find! We wanted a little something sweet after having lunch next door and we ended up leaving with a new tradition when in Vegas. Within a minute of walking in we were given samples and could not help but notice the pride these people take in quality and customer service. Can't wait to come back and try the other creative flavors.
5	Absolutely amazing! All the flavors were absolutely legit! Fantastic service and delicious flavors. I really enjoyed all of them! Unique flavors too! Found next to a wedding chapel and sex toy shop..which means it's got a crammed parking lot.
5	We returned to AofF on the first day we returned to Vegas.  How could we not?  It was the hit of the previous trip.Desyree is still inventing and exploring.  I love that she can go any direction.  She'll do fig with balsamic vinegar, but then do Froot Loops.I can't believe anyone couldn't come here and find a flavor to love.
5	We love this place so much it's our favorite gelato in town. This place reminds us of our trips to Europe, enjoying gelato everywhere we could. The staff is always so friendly, makes you feel at home.
5	What can I say?The Owner is an artist, flavors is the medium and gelato is her canvas! The store offers many masterpiece flavors, each one of them different and unique from each other but all have something in common, they will take you by surprise (in a good way) and most definitely make you leave with a new flavor to love!
5	Don't let the cheesy strip mall location fool you. This is top notch gelato in a spic and span store run by delightful staff.
5	I think the greatest thing about this place is that this place is family owned and when you walk in you see the lady who owns the place running the front and very passionate about her product.we need more businesses like this with these types of business owners.so it's very refreshing to see this.All the flavors are made on a daily basis but I had alot of samples. From pear and gorgonzola, to chicken and waffles,a vinagrette flavor, basil, regular base gelato, white chocolate kit kat one which was my favorite. I combined that with some cookies and cream and it was awesome. I even had a taste of what my wife had which was rocky road and white coffee which was just amazing gelato.Every flavor here seems to be made with love and the great thing about their gelato is that it's not overly sweet on the palette and you can taste the flavors in the gelato I will definitely be back not sure when because downtown is far but maybe I'll go to novacento pizza down the street from my house to pick up some of the art of flavors gelato there.
5	Best gelato I've ever had, and they will let you try every flavor.  It's worth driving here.  ;). And they have an awesome vegan chocolate!
5	This place was rad. A little gem a little ways from the strip. I saw this place here on yelp, and had to try. Made my way out the other night. It started out rough, since my GPS took me the wrong way. We called in and a guy gave us great directions over the phone. We finally made it there- it's kind of a small place and could probably be hard to spot. So we go in, and they have some really great and unique flavors. Turns out the guy who helped us over the phone was working behind the counter. He recognized my girlfriend's voice and was very welcoming and was eager to have us try all the unique flavors so we could choose what we liked best.  So we got our gelato, which was awesome. Great flavors, nice and smooth texture. Loved it!  As we were eating the same guy came out and chatted us up. He was super nice. On top of having a DELICIOUS treat, we were met with great service. I will definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Art of flavors is the best ice cream shop in Las Vegas. Staff is very kind they let us  sample alot of different flavors which made it very difficult to choose just one flavor all the flavors I got to sample were great . highly recommend this place
5	How can you go wrong with this place? Amazing flavors from the typical to the out of the box creations. Something new to try Every time. The owners are super nice and helpful...always ready to give you as many samples as possible. Try it out, a gem in VEGAS
5	Large display and variety of flavors. I went with my brother and our server offered us about 6 samples each. Awesome guy, loveable and humorous. He told us he wanted to incorporate Chinese flavors to attract the Chinese community. Will come back again.
5	My favorite dessert spot in Vegas. Amazing gelato. Great service. So fresh and so clean.
5	If you wonder why they are called "Art of Flavor" you need to come in for yourself. This place seriously has some of the most bizzare (art) flavors I have ever seen!We made a pit stop here before heading home so I didn't want to try anything wild for the car ride home (steak & eggs, salt & vinegar, basil, brie, etc). I know, I know i'm a pansy! Tried some samples of the more "normal" gelato flavors and decided on the creme brulee! Love the crispy burned chunks scattered on top. It was creamy, smooth, flavorful and everything a gelato should be!Not too far off the strip in Downtown, LV. Stop by if you ever get a chance. You won't be disappointed =)
5	I can never have Gelato anywhere else..Thanks to Art of flavors, simple basic gelato won't even stack up to the quality and variety that AOF has to offer.I had gotten to the stage where I had seen so many yelpers flooding this place and throwing up 5 star reviews I had decided it was time one day to make a special trip to see what the fuss was all about.Greeted by the connoisseur Amanda, she explained all the wonderful and shear awesomeness that is AOF. Having gone through everything we decided the special birthday cake was the way to go, as it was AOF birthday, with my son grabbing the strawberry gelato we were set. After a few tastes my little dude decided shoveling was the best method to eat the gelato which I could it agree more. We polished off our cups with ease and in quick time too.If you have a little one, they do have high chairs!!! Kudos There are a million and one reviews about AOF and I concur with all of them. The quality and random variety that make of AOF special and unique is truly a testament to the chef.Overall Food: 5-5Service: 5-5Cleanness: 5-5Coming back: yes
5	The variety of gelato offered here is amazing. They are very rich and flavor and very light. I understand the hype behind this place. The employees are very courteous and very friendly and help you find what you are looking for. When in Vegas, you must stop by
5	This just became my favorite ice cream spot in town. Found in the same plaza as Viva Las Arepas, this is the perfect after meal dessert to satisfy your sweet tooth. The owners were super friendly and are quick to offer you the flavors of the day to sample. The gelato flavors are often creative and innovative. One of my favorites was the baklava, which has since disappeared from the regular lineup. It's a nice little spot if you want to get away from the bustle of the Strip and Downtown.
3	While vacationing in Vegas I was craving Gelato. Looking at their reviews I thought I'd be walking into the perfect place for gelato. The lady helping me was super nice and let us try almost anything. I ordered cookies and cream and lime. I was a little dissapointed because it didn't taste like real gelato. Trying them was good but once I actually got to try it more when I had my two scoops, yeah it wasn't satisfying at all ...
5	I'm so glad this place came up in my Yelp search because the chocolate sorbetto is EVERYTHING!  It might have won my heart (okay, well, perhaps my whole being. (Just kidding.)) over the rose gelato, which I refuse to believe, but it's just so chocolate-y and vibrant that I will always remember to get this when I'm back in Vegas again.  There are different and unique flavors to choose from and they'll always be happy to give you samples to try.  The lady that helped us was so friendly and made different suggestions and had us trying different things.  We ultimately settled on:1.  Rose Petal Gelato:  This wasn't too sweet but it definitely had a subtle hint of rose without being too strong.  2.  Cookies & Cream Gelato:  You really can't go wrong with a classic flavor whether it's your regular ice cream or even gelato, right?3.  Chocolate Sorbetto:  Yes, as I had already mentioned earlier, this is amazing.  If you're a fan of chocolate, you should get this and try it for yourself. We also got chocolate chip cookies for the ride back home and they were quite good as well.  They also make panini's and I'm sad we had already had lunch before coming here otherwise we would have loved to try them out.  Oh, well...there will definitely be a next time for that!
5	can i just say how the hell can a person/group of people think up so many confusing flavors for gelato??? like seriously steak and eggs gelato and roasted bell pepper??????????despite the confusion, this place really does bring a whole new concept of dessert. the place is a little small, so the only thing i suggest is more chairs/seating area. maaaybe some decoration but that's not really important. the more important thing is: GELATO GELATO GELATO. You'd think that it would be 'meh' because of the small cup sizes but they're actually worth the quality. I'm really amazed at this place and I hope they continue to think up new and slightly confusing flavors for us to try out.
5	I come twice a week.  I dont even bother with other types of dessert in town.  Need I say more?
5	Desiree is one of my favorite small business owners and has become a friend because of her warmth and smile behind that counter.She puts 200% passion into what she's doing and I respect her craft and fortitude immensely.The gelato and sorbet speaks for itself, it's truly an Art of Flavors and you won't really get it until you have been more than once.You will be so inspired by her flavor combos, you want more and right when you go back for that flavor again, there are newer, more imaginative Flavors that are really palette pleasing, innovative and mostly delicious.Last night I had the pistachio baklava. Unreal.I could go on about all my favorite Flavors but there are so many I have tried over this past year it would be hard to pick 1 or even 3 top of my list. It's just that goodBravo Desiree. Bravo Art of Flavors.Glad I have patronized your store since day 1.
5	With little changed since my original visit save for an upgraded decor I'll keep this update brief - order the Lombardo Grilled Gelato Panini and thank me later for it is by far and away the best "ice cream sandwich" I've found to date.  Ever innovative and amongst the very best businesspeople in Las Vegas suffice it to say that Desyree, et al are a true local gem and with textures on par with reference standard operations like Capogiro, Grom, and Il Laboratorio with daily innovations far outstripping any of the above I would go so far as to say that there is no gelateria doing what Art of Flavors is doing stateside today...a grilled ice cream sandwich with savory and sweet in perfect harmony just another feather in the cap of a space that continues to wow.
4	Art of Flavors is a completely apt name for this gelato cafe. The chef/owner will walk you through each flavor and give you a glimpse as to the method to his madness. Each flavor is carefully dissected in terms of ingredients and the owner will try to guide you to a flavor that fits your profile. The best part is all the unique flavors at this cafe make it seem like you're being lead through an art gallery and each work (scoop/flavor) is different and special and must be appreciated.I thought some of the flavors of the day which included Steak and Eggs and Cafe de Giorno were particularly interesting to taste. The Steak and Eggs tasted more like eggs mixed with A-1 sauce but though it was savory, it still had a slight sweetness to it.Ultimately we settled on more traditional flavors but they were equally as vibrant and with an exoticness that you don't find at many other gelato places.I'm a stickler for texture in gelato or ice cream and I thought Art of Flavors has some of the more creamier gelato you'll find in Vegas. There was a tinge of iciness but nothing to derail a great scoop of ice cream.This is easily one of the best gelato spots in Vegas and made doubly special by the fact that it is the neighbor to Viva Las Arepas. Two gems right next to each other like an Infinity Gauntlet. Note: the chef really wanted to know what flavors make Chinese people tick. I went with lychee but he seemed adamant about wanting to find the right flavor to meet that consumer base. If you visit, please let him know!
5	great stuff.  loved all the flavors i had.
5	Amazing. Creative. Delicious.
5	Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat!That's my initial reaction every time I come into this gelato shop.Seriously.Desiree is so cool. You can taste her passion and hard work through the gelato. She's approachable and will describe each flavour for you and will help you decide on what you really want, since there are so many options. I remember one time I was in the shop with a friend and we had rushed down there because we wanted to try the foie gras and rosemary gelato before they closed. By the time we got there we were told they ran out and we would have to come back the next time they were doing it. Fortunately for us, Desiree told us that another customer reserved a pint of the gelato but never showed up for it. So she opened it for us and let us try it and order it. She even helped us pair it with a sorbet to complement the foie gras gelato. Now that's hospitality.I always recommend Art of Flavors to everyone I meet that asks for good gelato and I've never let anyone down. I will continue to support Art of Flavors and eat their gelato for as long as I'm in Las Vegas.Much love to Art of Flavors.
5	Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh you really can't go wrong with this place. I've had flavors here that blew my mind. The following is just scratching the surface in terms of flavors they offer; Foie Gras and Rosemary, Gorgonzola and Pear, Barbecue Ribs and Mac and Cheese. The list could go on forever, and for those of you who are hesitant to try savory flavors in a medium that normally transports sweet flavors GIVE THE ODD FLAVORS A CHANCE! I would have never imagined liking a cheese flavored gelato but here I am today, a believer. Aside from a great selection of gelato flavors that you can mix and match, they also have.... GELATO PANINIS. You read that correctly, they have a custom panini press so they can put GELATO IN YOUR PANINI!!!! If you are visiting and you don't come here, you are truly missing out on what could be a highlight of your trip. If you are a local and have not been here... I have no words for you.
5	How wonderful! This charging family owned business has some of the most scrumptiously creative flavors, such as spicy passion fruit and grilled gelato paninis!
5	Literally writing this review 2 seconds after leaving. This place is amazing!! So many flavors and they are all so good!! They even had blue cheese and bacon!!! Plus they gave us a free cookie for my birthday!! AMAZING
4	Not in a busy area, but still some good flavored gelato with unique flavors!Hazelnut chocolate (4 stars)Salted caramel (4 stars) Green tea kit Kat (4 stars): I'm not a fan of green tea but I really liked this!Lemon Sorbet (5 stars): If you love the sour kick from lemons you should get this! The man who helped us was so extremely nice. Let us try as many flavors as we wanted. He explained how all of them are made fresh, with real ingredients, and you could tell he was passionate about it. They have flavors of the day also.
4	The owner was so friendly and welcoming, and handed us samples of several flavors before we even had time to read the labels.  We sampled many, all of which were good, but ultimately each chose two flavors:  strawberries & cream and lemon for my husband; chocolate and raspberry for myself.  They were amazingly flavorful, and had good texture.   We will definitely return when we are in the area!  Sadly, we missed the savory flavors, which are only available on Fridays and Saturdays.
5	The ultimate gelato paradise! They offer an array of mouthwatering, high quality gelato which are always deliciously decadent and wildly unique. I mean, come on, creamy sweet corn gelato or spicy rocoto chili & pimento cheese gelato!? These two captured my heart and my tastebuds. The very first bite you'll just want to close your eyes in sweet reverie and savor the magical treat.I've also had the pleasure of trying the incredibly rich fior di latte (milky mozzarella) -holy cow it's so luscious and creamy! The beautiful basil gelato is super icy and also uber refreshing on a scorching hot day. Pistachio gelato is very creamy and nutty. Plus, the chai tea latte is milky and comforting. Oh! and for the outrageous and adventurous palates - how about steak and eggs gelato?! Yup, they often offer bizarre and unheard of flavors that are just as great as conversational pieces and as for taste? Spot on! I'm constantly finding myself daydreaming about trying new flavors on my next visit at AOF! Until next time, my dreamy goddess!
5	My 1300th Yelp Review!Art of Flavors in Las Vegas is my favorite gelato place not only in Vegas, but in the entire United States of America as well.I had them bookmarked for awhile, and I was finally able to try them during our most recent visit to Sin City.  We liked them so much, we went here all 3 days of our trip!The owner, Desyree, is a creative culinary gelato genius!!  She comes up with such amazing flavor combinations!  She even makes savory gelato flavors.  Unfortunately, those flavors are not available everyday.Each time we went, we sampled various flavors that were available during that time.  Not all flavors are available each day or even later in the day.  We always ended up buying 3 scoops each time.Here is a list of the flavors that we have tried so far:Orange Cream, Cinnamon RollBlueberriesMangoRocky RoadParmesan CheeseRosemary and Olive OilStrawberries and CreamPistachioThis is Bad For YouWhite Chocolate Pomegranate Kit KatCaramel Cookie Butter MacadamiaSnowball with Chocolate cakeAll of these flavors have tasted anywhere from Very Good (4.5 stars) to Beyond Words Incredible (5+ stars)!!!  I still need to try the Fried Chicken & Waffles and the Steak & Eggs!Currently, "This Is Bad For You" is my favorite gelato flavor here!  Art of Flavors is located in the same strip mall as Viva Las Arepas.  Not the best area of Las Vegas.  Do Not let that stop you from coming here!I have a suggestion, Please expand your place!!   More display cases are needed to showcase all your fantastic flavors!!  Of course, that would require a lot more space because Desyree has created over 500 amazing flavors so far!You can always find out what flavors they have that day by following Art of Flavors on Twitter.  I look forward to returning to Art of Flavors on all our future trips to Vegas!  Wish we could go here everyday because she always has something new, delicious, and inventive to try!!  Not enough adjectives to describe how awesome Art of Flavors is!!  Just try them, you won't regret it!
5	This place was amazing! We wandered in this little gelato shop after eating next door. The owner was nice. He offered us samples of all their signature flavors and explained that everything is made in house. Interesting flavors like buffalo chicken wings! We walked in a few minutes before they were closing and he had no problem with us staying in the dining room area as they cleaned for closing. This is definitely a gem in downtown Las Vegas! I finally decided on a cup of the caramel brownie goodness, it was decadent but not too sweet and had chunks of brownie right in the gelato. Make sure you stop by often because they always have new and interesting flavors they showcase each month. I will be coming back for more of this heavenly gelato!
5	After reading the glowing reviews for months, j stopped in. What a treat!! My red&white miso and salted caramel gelatos were delicious! Parking is a little limited and the center that it's in is very small, but it's definitely worth it.  All gelatos are handmade fresh daily. Give it a try!
5	This is where you want to get your ice cream in Vegas, period.And the italian written flavors are not only for looks. The way the gelato is done is authentic and the taste is the same as what you can find from a gelateria in a Sunday walk in Venezia!
5	Wonderful local ice cream shop! My favorite ice cream here is the mint chocolate chip since it's not too heavy and is made with chocolate shavings instead of chips. The green tea ice cream is delicious, but has an extremely strong green tea flavor which can be too intense for some people. There are also awesome dairy-free sorbets here like grapefruit and blood orange. If you're extra hungry, get the brownie sundae and you won't regret it for a second.
5	After seeing at least one of my yelp friends check in here a few times a week over the past year, it was finally time I made the trek downtown to get some gelato. Even though I don't live close, I see myself becoming a regular! It was so good! We came in around 8:30 on a Thursday night and were the only ones in the shop, so we got a nice little presentation from the man behind the counter with a sampling of just about every flavor. Desyree also came out and introduced herself and told us about some of the crazy flavors she makes. It was tough to choose just one flavor since they were all so good, but I finally picked the black sesame. If I picked strictly off the names, I probably wouldn't have chosen this one, but after I tasted it I just wanted more! The flavor was so interesting, and just mildly sweet. I'm not a fan of super sweet desserts, so this was perfect! I know the flavors are always changing, so I guess I  need to come back again soon!
5	This is the best gelato outside of Italy. The flavors are clean, the texture is smooth and creamy. Love and creativity goes into every batch. I adore all the unique and tasty flavors. Even the most unusual flavors are fun to try. My husband is partial to the pistachio which is fantastic, but I like to switch it up depending on my mood. Two that particularly enjoy are the lemon pound cake and the strawberries n cream.
5	Was looking for a good dessert spot, off the strip and not expensive. I came across this amazing gelato cafe and it was a treat to remember! Baklava gelato was out of this world, and there was plenty of other unique flavors that are all made there! Customer service was very good and they let you sample as many flavors. Believe the hype, it's definitely worth the try!!!
5	Amazing!!!  Recently found about this place when I searched yelp for "best ice cream" in Las Vegas.  Saw that it had great reviews so my husband and I stopped by when we were on that side of town.  The owner or chef aka creator of delicious goodness was very sweet and customer service friendly when we walked in.  I'm pretty sure her name is Desyree.  She gave us samples and introduced her creations.  I love how she explained everything to us!!  The flavors available were so unique!  She had gelato that had pop rocks in them!  My husband immediately loved the peanut butter gelato and I loved the black sesame gelato with edamame and a caramel soy suace.  It sounded strange but tasted divine!  She even let us sample a flavor that was not on the menu that was a red and white miso flavor with toffee nut!  Next time I'm going to have that.  We will most definitely be back!!!!
5	This place was amazing. This will definitely be one of our stops when we're in Vegas. Customer service was superb. They let you taste so many samples. All tasted great even the weird flavors like chicken curry and black sesame seed. My husband and I were afraid at first to try such flavors, but were amazed on how good it tasted.
5	Items Selected:Samples included:  Orange Crush with PopRocks, Black Sesame with Edamame and Caramelized Soy Sauce, Fluffernutter, Pistachio, Red Velvet, Passionfruit, and moreOreo Birthday Cake/Dark Chocolate/BanoffeeHaving made a special request of Banoffee gelato for an ice cream obsessed friend from England who was visiting for The Olympia it can only be said that Desyree and team came through again, the quality and innovation of her creations continuing to shine in that tiny space in the shadow of the Stratosphere.  Clearly a spot earning it's accolades with an ever-present owner who seems to remember 3/4 of the patrons by face or by name it was just before 3:00pm that our group of four arrived at 1616 South Las Vegas Blvd and nabbing the last parking spot we were greeted on entry, a fair bit of tasting followed by an order of three flavors each.  Impressed by samples ranging from soda to sesame it was with nearly-bitter dark chocolate and whimsical cookies n' cream studded with sprinkles, sparkles, and bits of cake that my trio began and rounding things out with our special request I couldn't help but be amazed, the robust  flavor of ripe bananas with only the slightest bit of additional sweetness afloat in a creamy base as pockets of rich toffee added both its characteristic topnote and texture, a bit of caramelized sugar even getting stuck in my teeth.One of those rare places that really does live up to the hype Art of Flavors remains on par with the nation's best producers of frozen treats, the small-batch production only serving to improve an already high-quality product while the owner's innovative spirit seems to know no end.
5	Amazing gelato and awesome gelato!!!!! Best in las vegas!!! Really nice interior, super clean
4	There are plenty of unusual flavors here. They welcome you to taste lots of them. While not all are 'hits', there surely are some winners to be had. The guy that runs the place is very informative with his descriptions of how they make the different flavors. Interesting part of town.
5	This place constantly delivers. Haven't been here in a couple of months, but the quality of their products and craftsmanship have not waned which is very important in a place full of transients and fads. As always, everything looked heavenly. I sampled several flavors including the flavor of the day: Sweet potato w/ caramel & marshmallow. I opted to get the Banoffee (banana & toffee) and Miso w/ almond toffee which was a perfect balance of sweet and salty. Craving satisfied!
5	Came here as it kept showing up as the place to go on yelp during my trip to Vegas. There's a reason this place has hundreds of reviews and a perfect rating and that reason isn't only the awesome gelato. Here are some reasons. Desyree (owner and manager) is extremely personable and had me try almost half of the gelato flavors even without me asking as soon as I walked in. Each flavor is distinct, home made by her with fresh ingredients. She was knowledgable about allergies and made sure she knew about them before having us try. I'm not usually a sorbet fan but her sorbets tasted amazing as well. Full of flavor and fresh. The store itself is located somewhat away from the main hustle and bustle of vegas in a decrepit plaza. The store has a few tables and chairs which serve the purpose well. Clean store and clean restroom. She also had a fridge full of weird flavors like indian chicken curry gelato and buffalo chicken with blue cheese gelato. Didn't get to try any of those. The gelato itself was creamy and you could tell its fresh and home made. Full of flavor. She posts her flavors for the day every day on Instagram too apparently. I like the tech touch. All in all the flavor, her passion for what she does and pleasant personality made for a five star experience. Definitely come here.
5	If I was a famous chef and they asked me to appear on the show The Best Thing I Ever Ate and it was the Dessert Edition I would choose this place. I know there are lots of if's in my scenario but Art of Flavors is a definite. The best dessert I have ever had is their namesake the AOF. It is a panini with Nutella, crushed hazelnuts and fior di latte gelato. It is a real ice cream sandwich but calling it an ice cream sandwich sounds wrong. It's like calling a Chanel a bag, umm no it's a Chanel! Well this is the AOF. It's crunchy and hot on the outside the Nutella is warm and the hazelnuts have melted into the bread and Nutella, in the middle the gelato is cold and creamy. It is cut into 2 halves and eaten like a sandwich. It's not messy it remains hot and cold at the same time.It's perfect.  It is the Best Thing I Ever Ate : Dessert Edition.
5	This was really good I had the avacado.
5	Get here. No matter how you do it, pull yourself away from the neon lights and incessant clattering of slot machines to this tiny place just south of downtown. Trust me, it's worth it. Insane gelato flavored sit along side sublime classics, all lovingly made, all supremely delicious. Best gelato I've had since I was at the gelato festival in Florence. Seriously, stop reading this review and go. Now.
5	I guess there's a great reason when a business has over 200 reviews & a 5 star rating! This place did not disappoint! I've been wanting to go back ever since my first visit just a few days ago!Yes parking is a drag & sometimes you have to get creative but that still didn't knock off a star for them! Plus let me add that there's no sign on the building so I missed it the first time! Still I didn't knock off a star for that either. You walk in & you're immediately greeted by a very sweet owner who wants you to taste everything & we did! I literally tasted every single unique & delicious flavor. I had no idea what to end up paying for. That's the hardest decision to make here because everything tastes amazing. I finally settled on the original which tasted like sweet cream and the pear & Gorgonzola which was outstanding! I loved this place & cannot wait to go back & try some new flavors! I was beyond impressed!
5	Loved this place! First time there last week.. Very welcoming. They let you have small samples of each flavor so you don't end up with an unwanted flavor. Chocolate flavor was delicious! I will come back.
5	This is been far my favorite gelato place. They got some really unusual and unique flavors (ie. curry, sour soup, etc) but they all surprisingly taste good! Come when its not too busy and talk to the middle aged Italian gentlemen who I believe is the owner. You can tell this guy is passionate about his gelato because he is super intense when he talks to you (almost making it a little uncomfortable), but he hooks it up with practically every flavor they have! Come to this place if you're feeling adventurous.. It seems like they have new flavors all the time!
5	This may be the best gelato place I've ever been to! The owner is always there welcoming us into the store, offering us to try his newest flavors. And let's talk about his gelato flavors; amazing concoctions that you don't see everyday that change every time we're in! The last time I was there I had sweet potato and caramel gelato and a chocolate gelato that had a lovely heat from a pepper. So amazing! If you haven't tried this place, you're missing out!
5	Very different delicious flavors, lady working here is very nice and helpful, will give you as many samples as you'd like. Not annoyed by us picky people :)
5	Art of flavors was a yelp-induced-fly-by-trip.  We were driving around the other side of vegas in the downtown area, and then we went to do our nails (it was a car full of girls) and then after the nail spa session, gelato took over our brains.  Yelp provided us 'art of flavors' and while the pictures of the shop itself were A-ok, the pictures of the ice cream/gelato won us over.  The inside isn't the best ice cream shop you've ever seen, not too much frills going on.  But they don't need any.  Taste that gelato! Everything we sampled was delicious, but I've never tasted a pistachio as good as this.  So I went with the waffle cone + pistachio ice cream.  I still think about it.  I need to go back, soon.
5	I'm trying figure out why I've been a chump and haven't been eating at Art of Flavors all my life. This gelato place kicks hiney! Definitely coming back again and again and again..
5	Polite, friendly, and great customer service. All the flavors we tasted were amazing. So fresh. Definitely coming back. Roasted bell pepper sorbetto? Mmhmmm.
5	This place is amazing! I come because they have weird flavors that other places probably would not dare to sale. The owner is very friendly. The flavors and the customer service is awesome.
5	Owner is amazing and sweet! Outrageous flavors-Saturdays and Sundays she carries savory flavors. Today: red bell peppers,roasted garlic, and pesto pizza. Delicious would definitely come back next time I'm here.
5	I am pretty sure if you don't  like this place, you might be a member of the Nazi Party. This was a pretty awesome experience. I don't think I've been anywhere where I was encouraged to try as many flavors as possible. And the flavors? So good and so inventive. Pear and Blue Cheese? Seriously. Yummmmmmm. White chocolate coffee bean?  I wish I could come here every day. I think if I was a kid and my parents told me I could, I would be a pretty diabetic adult right now. Everything is natural and almost all the flavors I tried seem to mend together beautifully. There is new flavors all the time and I can't wait to go back again and again. The Golden Standard of Gelato in the Las Vegas area.
5	No place like these for gelato.its more like a cafe of socialites .people dont leave .the best gelato in town.for thanks giving I broth spiced pumpkin pie  pecan gelato.nothing like that in vegas .my guests went crazy .a gelato gourmet with an attitude .
5	Desyree's Art of Flavors is truly the best gelato I've ever eaten.  Why did I not find this place sooner!!  If I could, I'd give it 10 stars.  As soon as you walk in Desyree and her staff are giving you tastings of every flavor.  What...chicken and waffles, chocolate with red chili pepper, rosemary, Roasted Beets with Rosemary and fresh homemade Ricotta, pear and gorgonzola...savory, sweet, delicious.  The tastings alone filled me up but I persevered and ordered two flavors.  This is the place to go to when in Vegas.  My husband and I really enjoyed talking with Desyree and her staff.  She was friendly and excited about her creations and sharing her love of food with us.  She's a wonderful hostess and owner who makes you feel welcome and wants you to leave happy and wanting more!!
5	Amazing. It is so delicious. Very natural and you can try the different flavours first. Very nice and friendly staff. Greets from germany
5	It's out of the regular tourist's way, but the flavor is out of this world.We came in a large group and sampled many of the flavors, but the chocolate with red chili pepper was outstanding. They're definitely worth visiting!
5	I am so happy I finally got to check this one off my bookmark list. This place is truly one of a kind, their flavors are off the charts! I felt like I was in Willy Wonkas factory if he made gelato! The thanksgiving leftovers tasted just like thanksgiving leftovers!!! I think its fridays and saturdays they have savory flavors, which may sound strange but they are worth a taste test just to experience it. The owner was so friendly and inviting!! She let us taste every one and explained the ingredients and her process. The best part is she is constantly coming up with new combinations, so now I have a reason to keep coming back ( as if I really needed one) .
5	After seeing the reviews and hearing the recommendations from Trev.W, I book marked this place for my trip to Vegas.Art of Flavours didn't disappoint! Known for their crazy out there gelato flavours I selected the sweet potato gelato. Wow! It was amazing! I wish I had more room to try all their flavours! The scoops are generous and prices are pretty reasonable. The staff are really friendly and obviously love where they work. There is a carpark out the front of the store but can be busy as its in between Arepas and some sex stores.  Would love to try the chicken& waffles or steak&reggae flavours next time. Maybe they could make a Vegemite&cheese flavour for those Aussie expats living in Vegas!
5	Love, love, love Desyree and all her flavors.  I don't know how she keeps thinking them up.  But boy am I glad she does.  She has me trying and loving flavors I would have never tried on my own.  I am still partial to the sweeter dessert flavors but will always try her newest creation regardless.  From the purest to the most complex flavors this is by far the best gelato I have ever had.
5	I'm in Vegas, and I'm stopping in at Art of Flavors.  Never do one without the other.First visit I had gingerbread cookie.  This is why I rate this gelato so high: if I made this gelato, it would be different.  But I enjoy Desyree's as much as I imagine I would enjoy my own, perfected version -- and I love what I can create.  AoF's is different, but it's a divine balance.  Any place that can take me somewhere I wouldn't normally go and make me elated for doing it gets 5 stars.  Second visit I wanted to try more flavors, so I had chocolate.  I almost never get chocolate ice cream.  If  you like chocolate, you have to try this.  I bake and craft a lot of chocolate desserts.  My goal, intense chocolate flavor (it's why I detest red velvet which is light-chocolate and LOTS of food coloring).  This chocolate ice cream is CHOCOLATE.Some information.  Someone was concerned about the sourcing of the cream.  Except for the vegan gelato (where coconut milk is used) the cream is sourced from cows.I know I'm not the first to suggest this (a professional review of AoF was the first time I read it), but let me carry the message forward: this is the best gelato / ice cream place in the country.
5	My only complaint about Art of Flavors is that it's so far away for me!I love the service.I love the unique flavors.I love it all.Desyree is the sweetest lady and I love how she is so generous with the samples, especially when it's during your very first visit. She lets you try it all and you don't feel bad about trying it.  The hard part is trying to decide on which ones you want to order.  I love that she goes all out and makes some crazy concoctions!  I've been fortunate to try the Foie one, but have yet to try some of her other wild mixes.  Nonetheless, I'm sure they are all wonderful.  This is an easy place to recommend to visitors!  Follow them on Instagram to get the latest flavors of the day!* Note of caution: Be careful parking here as the limos that belong to that bridal store down the road are not careful drivers.  They pulled out quickly and almost hit our car, and of course, didn't even notice (or care) that they did that.  Good thing we saw them coming!
5	Amazing service, explained all the flavors and ended with perfect two flavor suggestions for us both. Great, beautiful, clean, delicious and fun new twists to an old favorite!!
5	This place is wonderful and it is indeed the best gelato in the country.  On my last visit I got Red and White Miso with Almond Toffee.  Desyree outdid herself with this one!  It was so delicious.  It was like a salted caramel only had more subtle and distinct flavor.  The Peppermint was good (and I've got to have peppermint when I can get it).  My last flavor was the Vegan Peanut Butter (made with coconut milk).  I don't usually go for peanut butter but I really like this version.  It tasted like peanuts.  :)  Long live Art of Flavors!
5	Came in and the owner, Desyree, immediately greeted my cousin and I. She was more than helpful, kind, and proceeded to let us try every flavor they had available today. Exceptional customer service!Desyree is always concocting new flavors to share for the public, some being Mac & Cheese, cream cheese & salmon, and chicken wings. She uses no preservatives or artificial flavors whatsoever, and she proved to me that she doesn't need any to make some of the best gelato I've ever had.After trying nearly every flavor, my cousin decided on the Spearmint (which had real candy cane bits in it) and white coffee bean and I got Pistachio and the flavor of the day, warm apple pie (with real apple pie inside it!). The flavors really tasted like what they were supposed to taste and the gelato itself was creamy and thick.I would definitely recommend this place. I don't care if it's the middle of December, I'm going back ASAP! It is definitely the best gelato in the country!
5	Art of Flavors is Italian gelato in Vegas, not on the strip so you need to cab it or have a car.Lady is gelato maker and was very nice to let us try lots of samples.I picked Strawberry Creme and Fluffernutter or something like that.  2 flavors $4.95.B. got an Espresso $2.Charged my purchases.1 flavor $3.252 - $4.953 - $5.75grilled gelato panini $6.25-6.95 - sounds interesting, anyone try one?Coffee:espresso $2cappuccino $3caffe latte $3.5signature drinks:hazelnut & chocolate latte $4spiced hot cocoa $4
3	Viva Las Arepas.  Makes a good double feature.All the gelatos were good.  Owner was a curmudgeon.  Three of us arrived together.  Made us get a joint bill.  It was too much trouble for him to ring up three $5 purchases separately.I'll come back if I am next door eating arepas,  Unlikely to come back otherwise.
5	Anthony is funny and great guy! Gelato is amazing! Be sure to try the espresso and chocolate with hazelnut! Tastes just like Nutella! Yum!!
5	This is the best gelato I have ever had in my life! As soon as we walked in, they took us through the specials of the day. It's clear that the people here are passionate about what they do and want to give the customer a great experience. Even tried the hazelnut and chocolate latte after it was recommended to us and it was obvious that he made everything from scratch. Definitely will be back!!
5	Best gelato in town! I'm so glad I tried this place because everyone with a sweet tooth should try it. I love the sweet stuff like chocolate hazelnut, cake batter, mango, pineapple, Nutella and the list goes on.My friends get crazy sometimes and they've had flavors like rosemary olive oil, sweet onions, Margarita pizza and they like all the savory stuff too. The store is owned by the nicest lady ever and she gives you as many samples as you want. This place is a must for all!
3	Seriously- ice cream sandwiches 5 star?NO way! The ice cream gelato is good but the ice cream sandwiches is buttered bread with ice cream UGH! Definitely don't know  what all the hype is about
5	Possibly the best gelato I've had outside of Italy. Impressed with the friendly service and all the samples as soon as we entered. The gelato is so creamy but not too heavy. We got the strawberry gelato and strawberry sorbet. Both were unique in their own way but wonderfully delicious. The great thing is that you can go back and forth between the two because it's not extremely sweet or sour. We tried many flavors - none were bad but some flavors didn't rock my world. That's okay - just find the one you like, since we all like different flavors. I have to say the price was really reasonable for this quality... $4.95 for two big scoops. One random note - the store next door has this freaky Betty Boop mannequin with a weird head that scares me.
5	SO GOOD. SO GOOD that I had to get a second scoop of gelato (it probably is the first time this happened). The vanilla bean was tad bit too sweet for me. I opted for the hazelnut chocolate which was less sweet. Everything that I sampled was amazing. I also had the hazelnut chocolate as an affogato. It was served perfectly. GREAT PLACE!
