4	I ate here recently during lunch and had the lunch buffet.  They had a decent selection, about 8 hot items, as well as some relishes and rice pudding.  There is also plenty of naan available.  I eat here at least a couple times a month.The dinner menu is awesome too, I haven't tried anything I didn't like and we even took new comers there for a joint summit between mine and my boyfriend's families and every one was pleased.  I would also say the attire is not dressy, casual is fine.
5	Great Indian restaurant!  It's like stepping across a few continents and tasting authentic Indian cuisine.  The "naan" flat bread is piping hot when it comes to your table.  The garlic naan is my favorite.  And the curries are always wonderful.  If you haven't tried Indian food, take your time getting used to the menu.   Generally the main dishes are chicken, lamb or vegetables, in a different kind of curry sauce.  If you go on a date you can order two or three plates and share.  The items toward the top of each list are simpler and less spicy.  The further down the menu you go, the more interesting and spicy the dishes get.  I recommend starting with "medium" and seeing if that's too hot or if you'd actually like spicier.   If you ask for "between mild and medium" they can do that too.  I like to pick one meat dish and one vegetable dish, usually something with potatoes.  Dinner comes with basmati rice (long grain rice with a little saffron).Super friendly service although not American style waitering.  There is generally a head waiter who is also the host.  They will seat you and take your order.  After that, other waiters will serve you in turn, one getting drinks and another serving food.  It can be a bit slow at times, so don't go if you're in a rush.  Give yourself at least an hour or two.  Even if you decide curry's not for you, it's an amazing experience of completely different flavors. When in doubt, order a chicken dish.
3	i went here for lunch because of the great reviews i saw on yelp. i had the buffet since it was one of my first times having authentic indian food. the food was very flavorful, but my tastebuds didn't like it. i would still recommend it to others who like indian food. the service was good.
4	I took myself out on a date to celebrate the end of the semester teaching at ITT at Maharani last night. Before I switched teams to be a fan of Woodlands, Maharani was my favorite Indian restaurant in Charlotte. I enjoyed Maharani last night again. I had the Vegetarian Thali, which kind of gives you the experience of eating buffet even when the buffet isn't open. The whole meal was a little pricey ($25 with tip), but it was more than I could eat. I had leftovers today!The service was friendly and fast, and the food was delicious (if not quite as fabulous as Woodlands). I prefer to go to Maharani when there's a buffet, so I wish it had been the afternoon. It's great for lunch!
2	Though I'm a Copper enthusiast when it comes to getting my Indian fix in Charlotte, I'd heard that Maharani was a cheaper but tasty option, so we ordered from there a few nights ago. Copper is definitely still my place, but Maharani was fine enough. First of all, the food came very quickly, which is rare. Usually indian food, good indian good, takes at least 30-45 minutes. We got our order in like 30, which was great 'cause we were starving. The Tikka Masala was spicy and pretty good, but it wasn't as thick and saucy as i like. The salad was just so-so. The Naan were all amazing. Definitely the highlight.
3	Although hubby and I eat Indian food everyday at home...we were craving North Indian fare which I rarely get around to making at home. We went on a Saturday night...it wasn't packed so we got seated right away. Most of their patronage are non Indians which often means that the food is good but not spicy. Hubby and I are huge fans of spicy food as I've mentioned in previous reviews. Hubby got the Chicken tandoori and I got the chicken vindaloo (which is supposed to be spicy) and is a Goan speciality...something I am very familiar with :o) When the waiter came by hubby and I asked him if he could make these dishes spicy. He looked at us and asked "Indian spicy" and we both grinned away and said absolutely. And they delivered! The flavors were great and it satisfied our spiceometer. The only thing is would say is the vindaloo could have been a bit more sour. The tandoori chicken was moist and yum. But the highlight had to be the garlic naan. They didn't go cheap on the garlic and the naan was soft and delish!! Service was polite and fast. and then thew in some extra butter chicken sauce even though we didn't order any. Sooooo goooood. We will be going back when we get cravings for Indian AND spicy food!
4	I've had curry and vindaloo but I've never really had Indian food beyond that and I never been to an Indian restaurant. All I have to say is I'm going nvm because now I have to eat one of everything on their menu. It was delightful. The ambiance Id perfect and the experience is one that feels authentic. I'm definitely coming back this restaurant for more Indian food.
2	it was ok, the actual food was pretty good. the naan was nice, the seasoning on both of our dishes was very savory, however be warned medium is very very mild, that was our fault not there's.  My problem laid with the service and staff, the ambiance and the loud music.  The staff was grumpy the music was loud bollywood which i think was only on for the staff and yah, i just dont know.  I think as a takeout it would be ok.   it is probably actually a 2.5 but more of a two reaching for a three than a three sliding.    food itself was probably a 3.5
2	I travel to CLT fairly regular on business. Went here with some co-workers and was disapponted. Waitstaff was not helpful with the menu. The food was mediocre at best. Had the paneer appetizer and it tasted like they were trying to make a McNugget with cheese. Sauces were tasty but now I wonder if they came from a can. If you really want great Indian food... Go to Copper. If you want McIndian go for it.
3	Solid Indian fare. I was high from all the butter fat I consumed at dinner for, oh, three hours. These guys use a LOT of ghee in their preparations.Samosas - really, really good. Extremely flavorful. Even the dough is spiced.Bajii/Pakora - good, a little bland. Naan - also stellar. Perfectly prepared, garlic and plain alike.Thali - overpriced. This is a smaller thali than I'm used to, as it includes only three dishes, no lemon pickle, no daal. Rice is pretty bland (where's ma cardamom!). Vegetable Masala was the stand out here, although if I ate an entire entree of it, I think my heart would explode (WHOA butter). $18.Mushroom Mutter - solid, nothing exciting. $12. Despite the flavors in this dish being subtle to the point of bland, it was neon orange. Hmm.There's a short Indo-Chinese menu here that I'd like to sample from - maybe next time.Would I come back for the much-more-reasonably priced lunch buffet? Possibly. Will I continue to drive way out to Woodlands when I'm craving Indian? Most definitely.
2	I went here for dinner on a Friday night. The place was empty and only one group walked in after me and my fiance. Oddly enough, the host sat them right next us and the tables are very close.So the waiter brings out the papaadam. One side is burnt and they only offer one dipping sauce. Then, the waiter brings my wine, and forgets my fiance's beer. He then brings out our entree's: mushroom mutter and lamb korma.We ordered both entree's spicy and the mushroom mutter was very bland. The lamb korma had a sour, tangy taste to it. The entree's were not horrible, but I would much rather go to Jaipur. The naan is another story. It tastes like the freezer version you can get from Trader Joe's.
1	After I wrote this, my fiance got sick from the food. So, I looked up their health code violations, and they don't store their food at proper temps.Ew. :(
3	Best Indian food I have had in Charlotte, although an odd location/ambiance.  The clay pots meals, cooked to 600 degrees and immediately served, are fresh, flavorful, and delicious.  Good prices as well.  Drink list could use some work.  The garlic naan is very good.  They give you a salad to start but that part is a bit of a joke.
2	Having lived for 3 years in the Silicon Valley, home to some of the best Indian/Pakistani food I've ever had, finding a good local restaurant is always a high priority.  Tonight we tried Maharani.When I crave Indian food, it's not about the ambiance or the service.  It's all about curries, rice, naan and spices.  While Maharani is a decent restaurant, its food is nothing special.  I ordered my usual round of chicken tikka masala, mutter paneer and veggie samosas.  The samosas were crispy but the filling was very pasty and far too pureed.  I could barely finish my serving of mutter paneer; it was extremely earthy tasting and the paneer quite bland.  That said, the chicken tikka masala was pretty enjoyable and had a wonderfully rich tomato curry sauce.Would I eat here again if I'm in the area?  Only if Meskerem isn't open.  Time to find a better Indian place, I'm afraid.
3	I've yet to try Woodlands, so Maharani is currently my go-to Indian in Charlotte (mostly because it's right around the corner).  I've only ever had their lunch buffet, and I've been pleased both with the price (LOVE) and number of vegetarian options.  Fully half the buffet is veg, which is more than I can say of other Indian buffets.The curries were decent but less spicy than I would like.  With that said, I have to echo others in raving about their samosas, which were the spiciest thing on the buffet and were truly revelatory.  I would go back to Maharani simply for the samosas, hands-down.The people that own it seem nice.
4	The service here is great. We went on a Sunday and were the only people there for a while, but even as more guests arrived to the restaurant, they were still very attentive. I have to agree with other reviewers that the curry is VERY mild. We asked for them to be a bit spicier than they might normally make them, and they were still very mild. Good, but mild. However, the veggie samosas are mind-blowing! Spicy and smooth and not greasy at all - highly recommended. The kheer was also really yummy. Spicier (cardamom and nutmeg spicy, not hot spicy...) than I've had in the past, but good. Go for the garlic naan as well, delish! The only negative that I can think of is you don't get all of the free "extras" (a pekora to start you out or some kheer and chai at the end) you get at some other places, but I haven't heard of anywhere in Charlotte that does, so I guess it's an even playing field. Good wine selection, good food, good service.
4	Just got back from having their lunch buffet, it was extremely good with a large selection of choices.  I would definitely eat their again.  Also had very good Service.
2	The atmosphere of Maharani is nice. Quiet, with modern decor and Indian artwork.The service is good; the staff always keeping an eye on our water levels.The food was disappointing; not just my dish, but my three friends' as well. We got an array of vegetarian, chicken and lamb dishes and everyone left with a very "meh" opinion. The spices weren't as distinct as most Indian places, the quality of the vegetables and meat were subpar, and the authenticity of the flavors fell short. I ate the small amount of Gobhi Manchurian I scooped onto my plate and then just chose to not finish it because it was so terrible (and for $12 I usually don't do that).I'd adventure elsewhere to Indian if I were you.
4	This establishment was friendly, clean and easy to find.  When you are visiting from out of town, that is really all you can ask for! I liked their menu selection and their prices were fair.  I also found it interesting that they had some Chinese food options.  I would recommend this place to anyone who wants a nice, relaxed atmosphere to enjoy dinner at.
3	Had the Sunday lunch buffet recently and I guess I'm just not used the style of service.  The food was pretty good though  I don't know the names of the dishes, but suffice to say, everything was coated in a spices and moderately spicy.  Perfect for the American palate, I guess.  The butter chicken was top notch, the curries decent, and the basmati rice was a little dry, but tasty nonetheless.  The buffet food could have been a little hotter.The service was quite creepy and brings the rating from 4 to 3 stars.  I had several servers passing by my table repeatedly with the hands folded and scanning the room with their eyes.  When I asked for a water refill, they seemed quite aloof.  Is this normal?  They did, however, refresh the basket of naan quite frequently.  Who can diss hot bread?  For a hearty $11 lunch buffet, I might return if invited by a friend.  As a novice of Indian food, I'm intrigued by what I ate and yet something tells me that there's more to be desired.
3	I like Indian food, Maharani just a-ok (yea solid three stars). I went there for a double date on Monday Night. The appetizer was samosa (meh..), Malai Kabab (ooh yuuuum...) and lentil soup (they ground the lentil, quite a different tasting) . I got chicken and vegetable, to be honest my least favorite of the table (oh sure the grass is greener  on the other side) but my side of Garlic Naan is a winner. The chicken Marsala was my favorite dish on the table. Aside from the food, the waiters can't wait to fill your water (seriously, take a sip and it will get fill in the next 120 seconds). On the other hand, it could be just another Monday Night. Also, if you want to build your appetite before dinner/lunch, cross the street and turn left for a great stroll to the Freedom Park by the time you get back, you ready for some serious food.
5	The lunch buffet is really great, everything is fresh and full of interesting flavor - nothing is spicy hot, though. Friendly staff.
2	I really want to love this restaurant but I really don't. I have tried it at the lunch buffet and I recently ordered rice, samosas, and naan, to accompany Indian food I was cooking at home. Sadly, both experiences were less than stellar. Bland doesn't begin to describe the food. Absolutely no taste. When I want to eat Indian food, I want to eat Indian food - not tasteless, spiceless, food. Did my Irish name cause my order to be overly Americanized?? :-) Even my little children were totally unimpressed. I am pretty sure we will not be giving this restaurant a third try.
4	ate there recently for dinner, it was wonderful. i ordered the goat curry and was excited to try goat for the first time right after i found out it is the most consumed meat on earth outside of the US BUT the table of 12 Indian gentleman behind us had ordered it all....which led me to believe these guys know what they are doing. instead i tried the lamb and it was perfect. i really liked the candor of our waiter "andrew", which was not his name but he called himself that with a grinning smirk; i told him i had ordered kingfisher lagers before and would love to try another beer since they had a few indian beers, he told me to stay with the kingfisher. also, once he told me the goat curry wasn't available i ordered tandoori lamb, he assured me it was good but encouraged me to try the curried lamb since i originally ordered goat curry. my ladyfriend ordered a veggie dish and loved it, we got some bread as well, she ordered some REASONABLY (which is becoming more rare these days) priced wine. all in all the food was very good and the service was near perfect, i like when a waiter can read what you are looking for, makes reco's on that judgment and nails them. i will be going back to maharani frequently for both the food and smiling faces that provide you perfect service.
5	Terrific food here. I asked for hot(spicey) chicken curry and it was terrific and very spicy. The service is fantastic, my server watching my table constantly, ready to refill or get anything you need.  A first class experience!
2	After visiting a number of restaurants for the buffet, I have had some great ones...and some good ones.  Marahani's buffet was a good one.  A quick stop for lunch on the way to the theater provided enough nourishment to keep me from filling up on popcorn!  It was good...the butter chicken, the aloo tikki were very good. I was slightly disappointed with the watery tamarind sauce.  I love the sauce when it has a thicker consistency.  The service was sub-typical for buffet.  Not once did the wait staff ask if all was OK...or if we needed anything else.  OK...I am spoiled by better service....but you have to expect it when you are out at a restaurant.  It makes you feel like you are having lunch or dinner where you are really appreciated.
4	I love me some Indian food and so far this is the best I've found in Charlotte. Great portions, easy atmosphere, very attentive staff. So yummy! They have a dish called Shahi Korma with lamb in an almond sauce...AMAZING.
4	Weekday lunch and what a bunch, of options that is. I am quite fond of indian food and eat it quite often, but don't ask me to name any dishes. The spinach thing was good, the potato cake thing was good, and the spicy pepper chicken was also good. Rice pudding and a jelly like mango dessert to top it all off. My water was always filled and when you have lunch with great peers and aesthetically pleasing decor, you have another beautiful day.
1	Terrible service! We were overcharged thanks to the waiters inability to split a bill - each couple on a separate tab - a normal thing to do in a restaurant - NOT HERE! They tally up the whole table and divide by the number of credit cards given and charge each one the same amount regardless of what each couple ordered. Do not make the mistake of going with friends and expecting the restaurant to be able to give separate tickets seems you have to sit across the room from each other and pretend not to know each other in order for that to be possible. Food was not what it used to be. Will remove this restaurant from our list of places to go.
3	I'm still trying to learn my way around Indian Cuisine, and so far I'm still on the fence.  Today we went with a friend who was a fan of their lunch buffet.  I thought it was a great way to try out more foods.  Still, nothing rocked my world.  While I couldn't tell you the names of all the foods (if I really LOVED something it might be different), I know I did like the peas dish, which I believe from looking at their menu is the mutter paneer?  I also see the dish is $12.95?  For peas and cheese?  At least I know that I CAN eat a variety of Indian food if I go to another restaurant.  As for the service, while it was very quick, it got to be a little bit uncomfortable as the waiter was hovering in the dining area right by our table, ready to grab our plates as soon as we cleared them.  Not a bad experience overall as it it's fun to try new foods, but nothing a crave to go back for.
3	Have been twice for the lunch buffet.  If you are new to Indian cuisine, this may be the way to go.  Costs roughly $10 if my memory serves me correctly.  All dishes are labeled, so have no fear.Samosas were great - flavorful but not too heavy.  Naan was OK - I've had much better.  Their version was a little too thin and crispy for my liking, but hey, it's really only there to balance out the spiciness of the other dishes anyway.  The Butter Chicken is by far my favorite dish.  Ever since having this dish at Maharani, I've tried tracking down the butter chicken sauce at local grocers, with only moderate success.  Good stuff.Service is OK, but you have to expect just OK service when you're eating from the buffett.There are better Indian restaurants in town, BUT, this place makes for a decent business lunch if you want something outside of the norm.
4	Best Indian buffet in Charlotte IMHO.
2	very avg lik most other indian restaurant !! though its decent compared to the price (9 bucks buffet )!!
2	I ordered carryout at Maharani on my way home from work; I ordered the Murg Curry and garlic naan. The chicken in the murg curry was extremely dry and tough, the sauce was pretty bland and the garlic naan tasted like it had been baked the day before and left to sit out overnight before it was put in my carry-out bag. The bar for Indian food has been set pretty high for me; I've cooked many Indian meals at home and have tried dozens of different Indian restaurants, but even still, the food at Maharani was pretty poor. I give it two stars instead of one because the staff was very friendly, and the decor when I went in was very tasteful. I'm hoping at some point I can brave going back and dining in, perhaps getting a different dish, and can raise my rating to 3 or 4 stars.
3	It's okay. Nothing to write home about. I thought their portions were good, but their food wasn't spicy enough (even after asking for spicy) and it wasn't much better than the heated Trader Joe's Indian meals.
3	Maharani is a pretty solid 3-stars in my book.Considering Woodlands Indian is my most favorite restaurant in the world, Maharani had a lot to live up to...Came here for the lunch buffet on a Friday, this place was packed!  Normally, I'd be put off by the masses, but this just meant the buffet items were frequently replenished with fresh ones. $9 for all you can eat Indian food is a great deal.  There were 4 vegetarian dishes (yay!!!) and 2-3 chicken dishes. There was also jasmine rice, naan, sauces, salad, and rice pudding.The food was good, but not great. It was tasty, but nothing amazing. It just didn't seem to be prepared with love and tedious care like I'm accustomed to at Woodlands. The naan was good, but not fluffy and not melt in your mouth like I prefer. The service was mixed. The hostess and one other staff were a little cold and off-putting.  But I had another staff who was so sweet and kind and accommodating (brought my friend and I an extra pitcher of water because we were wicked thirsty).FYI - There's a BOGO coupon in the Charlotte Citipass book, but it doesn't apply to the lunch buffet.
1	It has been a long time since I have felt the need to "Yelp".  Eating here night before last has brought me back to Yelp....and not in a good way.The best thing about our meal was my Diet Coke.The wait staff had to be reminded several times of what we ordered.  The food was not to my liking at all.  Honestly and truly ...as I was eating I was reminded of the scene in National Lampoon's European Vacation when Clark and crew at the French restaurant near the Eiffel Tower.The food tasted like it had been frozen and warmed up.  I have honestly had better RTE meals from Patel Brothers grocery store.  You know the type...the ones that come in the box for like 3 bucks....Very disappointed.
5	I eat Indian weekly and from all over NC and SC. I find Maharani to be the best in Charlotte. Their  buffet quality is outstanding. I have eaten here for years.  I have not been to Saffron, but the one in Greenville SC is my overall favorite.
4	I've been to this place a couple of times.I recommend the mixed maharani tandoori entree that consists of shrimp, lamb, chicken, and salmon served with a salad and rice. All of the meat has a specific taste/texture and the naan bread is delicious. The service is very attentive and accomodating.
4	I came back here with a coworker for the buffet lunch and went back twice and walked/waddled out of the restaurant. HUGE improvement from my first review. So glad!
3	This place was good for Charlotte. They did spicy and naan very well. I would come back after I have tried other clt restaurants!
3	The food tastes good but is extremely bland and so lacks the Indian experience. The servers were not a friendly and approachable. However the service was quick.
3	Heard from a source I trusted that this was the best Indian food in Charlotte so we checked it out. I'd still recommend Woodlands as my top choice. I went with the standard chana masala with medium spice. Sadly, it didn't have the flavor I was hoping for. I know it's a pretty simple order, but it tasted really plain. The wife ordered the vegetable jalfrezi and it was a better choice, plus it had veggies whereas the chana masala is just chickpeas. The carnivores seemed to enjoy their meals, so all in all it was a good meal. Just not my favorite.Fun little game....I challenge you to try to get your water glass more than half empty before they refill it. It's not going to happen.
4	Excellent food. Very clean restaurant. Very friendly staff. What more could you ask for! The mint chutney is genuine, no some green liquid. I had the butter chicken extra hot. The spice level was perfect! Definitely recommended.
3	I did take out from here a few nights ago. Ok, so I called in the order, veggie samosa, chicken tikka masala and plain naan.  I went with the medium high heat for the chicken because I couldn't get an answer from the guy on the phone as to what "Indian heat" was. Anyways, I found the flavors right on from what I remembered about my last Indian food experience. It's been a while. Nice heat with the chicken and a nice amount of food too. A little pricey but overall a good experience. Next time I'm going for the "Indian heat" option!
4	Food is simple and good here, Me and my Wife went for the first time today for lunch from office and liked the food.No extra spices added, Food is all good as per the spice levels of an American Indian Standard. Great service and see people enjoying their visits, We do feel like going here again. Altogether this was better than the other Indian food places tasted earlier near Charlotte downtown area. Next time for Dinner soon.!
4	Maharani is one of our best Indian food places for me and my wife. It's not too pricey but classy enough to bring my in-laws when they visit, and I  always anxious to impress. The food is delicious, the wait service attentive. The butter chicken is the best in Charlotte. The only regret is they don't have mango lassi on their menu.
2	When me and my boyfriend came in, we noticed that the interior design was nicely decorated. As we were being sat, we noticed the table was literally five inches away from the table next to us. Not enough room for me and my boyfriend to leave if we have to go to the bathroom. We could not hear ourselves talk because of the conversation going on 5 inches from us. next, The buffet food selection was only eight to nine different things. The food was okay but lacked the spices and taste. The reason its not a one star is because of the excellent service we had gotten. The food was warm and nothing was heating it. We would not go back!
1	Really rude and non Indian people.....I have never had such a bad experience with any restaurant let alone Indian.....god bless them. I would be interested in seeing how long they can stay in business with this attitude.
1	Was very disappointed with level of quality and service. Ordered to go and gave clear instructions to have two separate meals. Each with naan and rice and utensils for work. Arrived to find one bag. One rice and one naan. I pointed this out and they fixed it but they forgot the naan. Looked at $35!!!! Bill and saw they double charged for the naan too. The vindaloo chicken was not spicy enough and very oily. The employees spoke very little English and that was a huge barrier. They also seemed arrogant and rude. I am thinking that most of these reviews are fake or people do not know what good Indian is. This was the worst Indian I've had in Charlotte. At twice the price. I now know why this place is always empty.  I have also tried the lunch buffet and while the price was better. The spice was horrible. All bland, boring curries and an always empty naan bin. Had to ask to get naan.  This place is PERFECT if you have money to throw away and want mediocre Indian.
2	I guess when you grow up eating authentic Indian food, the bar gets set pretty high.  Maharani was not at all what I'd hoped for.  The food was bland, under-seasoned and the woman working the door seemed not to care much that we bothered walking in.  The decor is old and drab, the entire place having a rather sad mood.  Someone needs to wake up, update, and start cooking with passion.Life is too short.  Go elsewhere until that happens.
5	This is easily the best deal for great Indian food in Charlotte. The food is maybe one notch below Copper (upscale Indian location in town) but the price is about three notches lower. They do an especially great job with the classic dishes, and they'll adjust the heat level to your liking, making it a safe place to take guests with little or no experience with Indian food. Staff is friendly and very attentive. This has become my go-to place in Charlotte for Indian food and I'm there more often than I'm comfortable admitting.
3	I've eaten dinner here a couple times.For the most part, the food is good, and they have been consistent.  One item I like about their menu is the "Indo-Chinese" section.  I think this is something unique that reflects the regional differences that often get glossed over in Indian cuisine.The food is flavorful, and service is fast.My two complaints:1) something always seems to get miscommunicated to the kitchen regarding the spiciness of the dish.  Not too hot--_too mild_!  This has been verified when I look at my cheque--they list the spiciness requested next to the dish.2)  While quick to refill water, if you order any other beverage, it gets forgotten.  My soda/tea glass is empty, and I eventually have to ask the waiter for a refill.  In terms of service, this is a big issue for me, personally.Bottom line:  good food, pretty good service.  I hope to one day be in Charlotte to try the lunch buffet other reviewers have raved about.One last item, this place is in a _tiny_ shopping area with a _tiny_ parking lot, so be forewarned.
4	I've been here tons of times and NEVER had a bad meal or bad service. In fact, I find the servers to be overly attentive at times. I always order vegetable samosas, garlic nan, and chicken tika masala. The food is always above average and consistent. I've yet to find better Indian in Charlotte.
1	Very few items on lunch buffet. On menu was aloo tikki, salad, plain rice, butter chicken, naan, chicken tandoori, chicken curry, palak paneer (paneer was hard to find), kheer (was good), finni that's it. None of the items were cooked properly. Very very disappointed. Price: $10.25 plate
3	I went with a few friends for dinner and the food was "good."  Good sauces, rice, but slightly dry chicken, tough palak paneer.  Nice/traditional/bright/clean atmosphere but no music, service was good but we were the only party there.  Good for family and friends, not so much for dates.  Have you tried the frozen Indian meals from Trader Joe's just down the street?  They're just as good, and more tender ;)  Honestly this is good Indian for Charlotte.  I'll keep looking though.
1	Won't be back. I will preface my review by saying that I am a stickler for adequate customer service. That said, I have patronized this business at least 5 times with consistent experiences. The food is decent Indian food at a convenient location. The customer service however has been lacking each and every time. The straw that broke the camel's back for me was my entrance to the establishment today. As I approached the door, there was a server standing there who clearly saw me coming in. Instead of opening the door or at the very least, remaining to greet me, he turned and walked away. Once I entered there was no warm welcome (which I should not have expected given previous visits) but instead, I was rushed through to determine if I would stay for the buffet or if I was there to pick up takeout. I won't belabor the point, I will just reiterate that this was my last time spending money in a restaurant that does not appreciate my business. Their customer service is seriously lacking and the food is good at best but certainly nothing special.
3	The reviews seemed to be hit-or-miss, but I decided to take a leap and try it out. I hadn't tried any Indian restaurants in the Charlotte area, so I went ahead and ordered several take out dishes to try. It might be important to note I'd had a huge curry craving for months. Maharani, while it definitely hit the spot, was lacking in a few areas.I called in the order and then went to pick it up. It was very straightforward and simple. They had the food ready exactly when they said they would. The servers and cashier were very friendly and courteous.I tried the plain naan, chicken tikka masala, lamb vindaloo, and mutter paneer. I even found some papadum and mint sauce wrapped up in my bag, which was nice. For some reason, having the papadum feels nice and familiar. The naan was alright, but not as fluffy as I had hoped. It was crispier in a lot of places, and I think it just needs to be a bit thicker. The chicken in the tikka masal was very good and very moist (yes, I know a lot of people hate that word. It's a good word to use in this case!). The vindaloo was decent, except that the chunks of meat and potato were enormous. I was taught to eat Indian food by a Sri Lankan, which means I eat with my hands. I'm not used to having to pick up a giant wedge of potato and figuring out how to eat it cleanly. The mutter paneer was also alright, but the paneer was kind of tough and not soft like I'm used to. Like I said, it hit the spot, but I wouldn't order the vindaloo again, and I'm iffy on the paneer. Maybe it needs to be more fresh? I don't know how paneer works. The biggest issue was the salt level in the food. There was WAY. TOO. MUCH. SALT. If you are one of those people who loves to add salt, then this is all for you. I will give it another try, but only if they might agree to ease up on the salt... a lot.
4	I had the lunch buffet there yesterday. I stuck to vegetarian options and especially enjoyed the palak paneer. So many restaurants load their palak with heavy cream, which I think dilutes the spinach flavor. This one did not and I went back for a large, second helping. Service was odd. We walked in and they couldn't seem to decide where we should fit. The server seemed a little...grumpy?
