3	"Well, see ya later, I'm going to the gym for lunch"Most likely if you say this at work, you don't come back full and potentially buzzed.  But If you mean the Gym Grill & Bar, you will.  The Gym is a regional chain has a basic menu of burgers and sandwiches along with a little Mexican flair and BBQ.  They've got a full bar, but I was actually on a businsess lunch here, so didn't get the scoop on that. It's sprots bar with lots of TVs showing all kinds of sports channels.  The food was tasty, but not amazing.  I got a grilled chicken sandwich and it came with a full chicken breast, seasoned nicely.  The sandwich was dry and I had to request condiments (kind of weird).  Service was good, our waitress was attentive, but the food came out slow ("Sorry boss, I really got into my workout").
5	Tweekers, drunken Indians (feather not dot), old fat prostitutes attempting to recruit new talent, Mexican mafia thugs, Metal Mulisha white-boys, random dudes puking their guts out in the parking lot by 8pm, swingers trying to pick up everything in sight, bar fights, some ridiculously phat bar tenders/servers (and some slobs).... I'm sure you think I'm talking about Heaven at this point, but you are wrong.  The Gym OWNS Casa Grande.
3	The Gym offers the best atmosphere in town. Its a great place to watch the game or even better,  to watch a pay per view fight, no one else in town shows any of the big fights. If I'm not mistaken there is a cover when there is a big fight going on.  The food is just ok, its what you would expect from a bar and grill. I give it  3 1/2 stars.
3	The Gym has a nice sports bar set up with plenty of TV's and high top tables.  I have been there 4 or 5 times now.  The food is ok, some of the appetizers I liked were the cheese curds and stuffed jalapeno.  My wife had the Ham Avacado Chicken Sandwich and thought that was the best item she has had.  The service is always friendly but not above average. It seems to be enjoying a good number of people coming out on the weekends when we have gone.
3	Probably the best bar in Casa Grande. They have good bar food, it's spacious, has a few pool tables & you can watch games. If there happens to be a UFC fight on you will have to pay a cover charge if you want to stay, so pay up or get asked to leave by the large man you confused for a brick divider wall! In the evening it turns into a club. I'm going to say, this place provides, hands down, the best people watching in the area :) You get a little bit of EVERYTHING! Good times, lol
1	Don't bother stopping.  I travel the US 75% and have taken them off the list.  Tried them twice for lunch.  Slow, slow service, food is mediocre and suspect if it meats the health code.
1	Food is terrible . It's like going to a high school back yard kegger party. I will leave this place for the younger can't hold there liquor crowd..
1	Closed reopened as The Place closed again this week
