5	I just spent a little over 6 hours in chair time with these amazing dudes. I got an absolutely beautiful tattoo from the best artist around!! My artist is a guest at the shop, but the other artists put out some dope shit too. The shop is clean, the staff are down to earth and rad, and most importantly... I am going back for more, lots more.  New name for this rockin place... It's now Americana.... Check them out
5	BEST TATTOO SHOP IN LAS VEGAS.  With their unique different variety style of work this place is by far my favorite.  The guys are super friendly and does such amazing quality work. Love this place
5	So what can make a night out to dinner with a friend better...impromptu tattoos of course!! Me and a friend were enjoying dinner on a Saturday when the urge to ink ourselves hit. After looking on yelp I found this place and called while crossing my fingers. Though they were busy, me and my friend were told to come right in. First things first, this in no longer last chance tattoo (and hasn't been for years according to the now owner Tony). The shop is actually Americana tattoo but do not be alarmed, the reviews are accurate and the awesomeness remains! I wanted a simple script tattoo with a small design and though we really didn't have too much planned before going in, the artists walked us through the process while providing entertainment to keep us laughing. I was lucky to have Tony myself and could not be more happy with the work he did. The wording detail and fine lines he was able to accomplish was just want I wanted. I will be returning for a larger cover up ASAP! Definitely recommend!
5	So as promised, I returned for my cover up. Tone was very accommodating leading up to my return letting me drop by at anytime to talk about ideas and get his input. He took a fragment of an idea that I was unable to put together on my own and turned it into a beautiful piece of art that I am in love with. His talent makes me want to cover any tattoo I have not done by him just so they can be on the same level if awesomeness. The free hand work he did was amazing and I was truly shocked at the shading and coloring detail he accomplished in a short period of time. I  no tattoo expert but I know beauty and talent when I see it and I can't keep my eyes of my new tattoo. The first day after completion a received compliment after compliment and was sure to tell them where to go. Anyone who is looking for an amazing artist who can turn your thoughts into a lifelong piece of art MUST go here. Ask for Tone you won't be disappointed.
5	I'd been wanting a tattoo detailing a concept from my favorite all time book series, The Wheel of Time. I knew Tone's work from a friend of mine and he did an absolutely beautiful job with freehand detailing that is incredible. I couldn't have asked for a better outcome!!
5	Love love love these people! To me, a tattoo artist needs to be not just talented, but a humble and pleasant human being, first of all! Being you need to spend a few good hours of your life in their company. Tommy is in the process of sleeving up my arm and doing some cover up work for me. I've went to two sessions already. I enjoy every moment spent in that store. Tommy is a perfectionist, I'm in love with each and every one of the pieces he has done for me so far, and I get so many compliments on his work! Probably the best artist I've been to, and I have quite a few tattoos. To me, service and attitude are top priority, as I can be kind of indecisive and difficult. Experience is overall a 10! Professional, extremely talented, attentive and willing to do anything so that you're pleased with the end result! Nothing but love to these guys. They've earned a loyal customer for live.
5	I'd been wanting a tattoo detailing a concept from my favorite all time book series, The Wheel of Time. I knew Tone's work from a friend of mine and he did an absolutely beautiful job with freehand detailing that is incredible. I couldn't have asked for a better outcome!!!
