5	Everytime I visit the AZ I always stop here for breakfast on my last day. I've ordered almost everything on the menu. It's really home cooking country food. Please order a milkshake when your done with breakfast, it always hit's the spot. As for lunch and dinner I couldn't tell you anything really. I only eat breakfast there.make sure you visit the store before you go, you'll end up buying something unique. Peace.
3	Please note: This restaurant has NO affiliation to the cheese. This place is country cute and the food is pure comfort food. In fact, I decided to try the oooey-gooey most fattening food on the menu. The dumplings were good.The mac and cheese was okay.The fried shrimp very heavy...I didn't care for the batter. Good on chicken bad on shrimp.The best thing on the place was the hashbrown casserole which was just okay.The customer service was great which is why I gave the place three stars. I doubt I will be back here again once in a lifetime was enough.I will say this about the artery-clogging heart attack on a plate restaurant. You don't go away hungry!
5	I have some vague memory of Cracker Barrel from my East Coast childhood, but I hadn't been to one in decades. There are no Cracker Barrels in Los Angeles, where I live, or anywhere on the West Coast for that matter. Which is just sad. Last year, on a road trip to Arizona, some friends and I were looking for a place to stop for lunch. When we spotted the Cracker Barrel right off the 10 freeway, my pals got VERY excited about going there, since they're all from the South and all had fond memories of Cracker Barrel. The four of us had a delicious meal of Southern cooking and then amused ourselves in the kitschy gift shop.This year, we knew we'd be stopping there again on our way home from Arizona, and we had two more people in the group who were only too happy to join us in our gustatory pilgrimage. I had the "chicken fried chicken" (a breaded breast fillet served with white gravy) with fried okra, green beans and cornbread stuffing, followed by blackberry cobbler and ice cream. Plus the best biscuits I've ever had anywhere. Heaven! The service was friendly, timely and attentive. My sweet iced tea glass was always full. Everything on the table was perfectly prepared and exactly what the person wanted. There wasn't a single disappointment in the entire meal. We all left full and happy. I know we'll be back again next year. There needs to be a Cracker Barrel in L.A.
2	God this place just boggles, you walk in to a store area filled with things no one could possibly want, but they do. That is the first boggle, on to boggle number two. The restaurant it self, it is outfitted like I guess you are at an indoor picnic. Boggle number three, the food. Well this place serves a variety of things one might want to eat if they had flavour, but everything tastes like it came from the same can. The final boggle, why is the place so crowded?
5	The fried chicken here on Sunday's is the BOMB!!!!! All I need is some hot sauce and ranch, then it's on.  =P
3	I have been eating at Cracker Barrel restaurants for years and always enjoy the southern food. This location I visit the most and have always received great service. The only issue recently was that I noticed that our plates were dirty. Like dried food stuck to the bottoms and sides of the plates. This happened not once, but the last few times that I have been. I first complained to the manager, who was very nice, but the problem did not get taken care of. I visited their website and let them know about what was going on. Apparently there was a dish washing issue that needed to be addressed. The corporate office called to apologize and sent me a coupon for two free complete meals. Very nice gesture, and much appreciated. We went back recently to use the coupon for breakfast, there seemed to be improvement, at least on this day. I am glad because I freakin love their catfish !!!
4	Why oh why don't they have a Cracker Barrel in Califonia??!!  My friends and I were in the Phoenix area this weekend and this was first on our list to eat!  We were excited to eat our breakfast here!  We also love browsing through the country store and sitting outside in the rocking chairs.  I hope one day this chain will expand to the Pacific Coast.
5	Always a great place for breakfast. Dinner also has some tasty choices. I love going there.
4	Although I'm really not that much of a breakfast person, I was surprisingly impressed with the quality, service and overall vibe of this place. It is fully decked out like an old-fashioned, southern-country joint and based on the large crowd it is definitely a hotspot to hit up for breakfast on the weekends. One of the only reasons I deducted a star is because although the wait staff was friendly, they were a bit "pushy" and really wanted to get our order in. I mean, I can understand that you're busy, but when I just sit down and haven't even opened the menu yet, it probably wouldn't be polite to ask me "So have we decided yet?"I ordered a traditional breakfast (Mama's Big Breakfast I think) with scrambled eggs (and cheese), really thick bacon (my favorite kind) and pecan pancakes (AMAZINGLY GOOD). My friends pretty much ordered the same thing, so I'm not sure how the rest of the menu is, but I was happy with my food. I really want to try what they have for lunch and dinner!
4	Dumplings, Chicken fried steak with gravy. What more could you ask for. Staff was friendly and fast.
1	Cracker Barrel has been our family's favorite breakfast restaurant for 30 years. We've eaten at this Cracker Barrel dozens of times. Not any more. Something changed. They started serving our breakfast cold. We sent it back and it was still served lukewarm. We figured they had a bad day so the next time we politely ask them to make sure our breakfast was served hot. It was servied cold again. We talked to the manager and he apoligized. We tried eating there three more times and every time it was served cold. So, we stopped eating there. We now eat breakfast at the Waffle House where they we watch them make our breakfast and serve it directly to our table HOT. We miss the Cracker Barrel but I expect a hot breakfast and they can't seem to provide a hot breakfast.
5	We love this place. We only get to come when we visit friends in Arizona. The food is grub. The hashbrown casserole is our favorite. I am now a huge fan of thief coleslaw!!
4	I love Cracker Barrel and jump at the chance to grab some grub when I see it around especially their breakfast. I would totally 5 star this joint if it wasn't for the service we received on this visit. Just pretty forgetful and slow, which is funny because I remember our server serving us over four years ago and back then she was fantastic!  I think that most people have gone to a Cracker Barrel location at one point so I won't bore folks in this review by going over the bits I love. I'll just say that their biscuits are outrageously good, tea is always perfectly sweet and their breakfast is like mom's....All that goodness at a fraction of the cost for the portions you get. And I always love the knickknacks they have in their store and is a great spot for picking up some quirky gifts.
3	It's Cracker Barrel standard. Good food at a reasonable price. They know how to cook eggs TO ORDER (which can be something of a rarity). They don't come out over easy or over medium no matter how you actually order them and the ingredients are good for the price. The place gets busy...especially in the winter and fall, but no problem now. If you want a quality breakfast at a good price, stop on in.
5	Cracker Barrel is one of my favorite restaurants! They always have the best comfort food. My five year old daughter loves their pancakes and my husband usually gets the special of the day which is always different and so tasty. I love mama's pancakes with peaches. We always have great service when we come here and I can never leave without walking through the store.
4	Went for breakfast this morning and I am STILL full!! :-) Plenty of food for the price and they have AWESOME old school candy!  There were a million and 42 people there today and we were seated in good time. The service is always good...even if they refill my coffee just after I got it the way I like it with 16 sugars and 6 creamers!! Good service will make or break it for me and these folks are on top of their game. And I only had to kick one little old man outta one of the rocking chairs so I could have a turn! :-)
5	Food was great! Large portions and excellently cooked! Classic country food... must try their apple butter and sweet potatoe pancakes!
5	i love cracker barrel!  their pecan pancakes are amazing and super filling!!  also, get their biscuits and gravy...  delish!  wish there was one in the Bay Area...
5	Went to Cracker Barrel twice while vacationing at our home in Litchfield Park.  All the food we ordered were very good and the service was good also.  I highly recommend their pancakes.
1	Oh, the horror, the horror..............Okay not really. More of a disappointment and a bummer.In a nutshell- apathetic General Manager acting as expeditor sent out food that should not have gone out to clients. He should have looked at it first- nothing major, a baked potato cut down the middle with a large black "tumor" of rot hidden beneath the skin at one end. Could happen to anyone at home, I didn't want a free meal, but I thought that as expeditor he should be more alert.  His response was no response until he waited on me at the register, where his comeback to the issue was "it was an eye."  No, it was not a potato eye- they are external root sprouts and not black- and even so, what restaurant serves potatoes without trimming eyes?  He proceeded to grow increasingly more condescending, apathetic, and overtly rude albeit being rude using "kind" words- the dismissive "thanks for coming and you have a nice day" said in a tone of voice that essentially translates to "F off."  He just would not take ownership for the oversight, and obviously is not a person to learn from his mistakes. He's in the wrong business.  I have had salads served to me with the huge copper staples from the lettuce crate in my salad and expected nothing but for the prep cook in the pantry to use more diligence when washing and chopping lettuce. I didn't even want an apology, just a simple acknowledgment that there was an oversight that needed to be more closely heeded before sending food out from the line. All I got was attitude from a young man whose age I double, but who believes that he knows much more than I do and whose authority is not to be challenged. My server Emmy was great, she got a 30% tip from me. That manager netted a phone call to Cracker Barrel customer service. I've eaten at Cracker Barrels all over the USA for 21 years now, and have never been addressed or treated so rudely as my experience today.  Hopefully corporate in Lebanon, TN will sort this fellow out.
5	I was on vacation from Southern Calfornia and we ate here for breakfast. I have never been to a Cracker Barrel. It was so good! The French Toast and Hashbrown Casserole was delish! We are so coming back here to eat next year!
4	Delicious food, unlimited biscuits and cornbread. MUST try the apple dumplin dessert. It's a little big, perfect for sharing.
5	What can you say - Cracker Barrel serves consistent southern comfort food.  All I need to drive across country are gas stations and Cracker Barrel restaurants.  The Goodyear location is often full during popular dining times and days (Nascar in town or not) .  6:30 Saturday morning is easy to get a table.  Wait until 8:00 in the morning and you will probably get on a half hour wait list.  They have plenty of outdoor rocking chairs to enjoy the usual awesome Arizona weather while you wait.  They aren't so popular to rock away the time in July though.  I love their fried okra and turnip greens.  Not as good as my grandmother made but still worth my money.
1	The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly I enjoy eating out in different restaurants on a regular basis. After a long day of shopping I decided to stop at the Cracker Barrel, Hadn't been to Cracker Barrel in a long time but every time I drive past it's always packed so I thought the Cracker Barrel would be good food choice. WOW was I wrong!! The service was slow, and the food was tasteless and cold.  It was the worst dining experience I've had in a long time. Even though we ate very little off our plates it wasn't until - the cashier asked me "how was the food"; that anyone even showed concern. I told the cashier it was "terrible it just wasn't good".  I wasn't going to speak to a manager initially however; the two cashiers talked me into speaking with a manger. After waiting 20 minutes for a manager, I walked away with one thought on my mind. I will never go back again.
3	I can remember going to Cracker Barrel with my Grandmother about 30 yrs ago!! I don't remember the food, but I do remember the memories with grandma! Now all I hear is how great the breakfast is! Wife and I went to Cracker Barrel this past weekend. She has gone there a few times in the last year. For myself it's been a while. So I ordered their two pancake stack with a side of biscuit and gravy. Wife had two eggs and bacon. I was not to fond of their biscuit and gravy. Biscuit seemed to be on the dry side, and the gravy was like some kind of gel?? Not much taste. I did however really enjoyed their pancakes! Wife enjoyed their eggs and bacon, she likes her bacon extra crispy and it was perfect. It was a good time and we will probably come back.
1	Never again.  The apple french toast (~$12) and the sampler (includes a little of the chicken dumpling, sugar crusted ham, and meatloaf - ~$14) and both were huge disappointments.  The only saving grace, for me, was the cranberry-pomegranate (or something similar) iced tea, which wasn't too sweet (yay!) and very refreshing (~$3).  Other important info: chain restaurant, country store and rocking chairs were fun, overwhelming menu, cleaning could be improved, and slow service.
1	I don't know why I thought it would be good but it's not.
5	Love this place! I wish we can get some Cracker Barrels in Cali! had the Mama's french toast meal.. so Delicious! I thinks my only complaint would be the sausage patties, I get the size for the kids meals but for an adult meal? Anyway, can't go to Az without a stop at good 'ol Cracker Barrel, will definately be back next time I'm in town!
1	awfull!!! portions are small, its not too expensive which made me feel happy at the end of the meal cause i would be really mad if i had to spend more than $25 for that awfull meal!!!this place is for old people! nothing exciting. i had fish sandwich on a very soggy bread, sides were very small, mac and cheese i had better from the box.the food is very southern style, not much of a healthy stuff on menu and for sure no choice for vegatarians or health concious, maybe thats the reason why everyone thats overweight is there.no! we will not be back!!!
4	Great food but staff was a bit rdue
2	I dined here while on vacation in AZ. It was my first time and I had high expectations but it was just ok. I really wanted a steak for breakfast but it wasn't on the menu which is a little strange to me for a place that specializes in breakfast.  Catfish is on the menu and it was stinking up the joint and not really the food I want to smell when eating in the morning. I had the french toast and it was just blah...nothing special. They give you little individual bottles of syrup that are so cute but unfortunately the taste isn't that great. CB has great ambiance and that's about it.
5	Stopped in here today joined by Mike C. for a first visit to this Cracker Barrel (& fourth visit ever to any).  This time I ordered Meat Loaf, with mashed potatoes & beef gravy, turnip greens, cole slaw, & one each of a biscuit & a cornbread muffin.The serving sizes were excellent, the price low ($8.79), & every bite of this meal was SOOOOO good!!     :-))
3	OK food for a chain restaurant.  The egg dishes did come with three eggs instead of two which is nice.  The biscuits were less fluffy and more salty than I like.  The prices are a bit steep for what you get too.
3	My husband and I stopped in for breakfast on a Sunday morning. There were a lot of cars in the parking lot so we were expecting a long wait but were happily seated right away. This was our first visit to a Cracker Barrel and I was surprised to see that no omelette was offered on the menu which is a bummer because that is my go to breakfast pick when we are out. After much thought I went with the special the Old Timers breakfast with hashbrown casserole and bacon. This mean also comes with grits and biscuits and gravy.  The food was just ok to me but again this would not have been a normal order for me but what makes us want to return was the excellent service we received. That alone will entice us to return and next time I think I will try the Pecan Pancakes which got rave yelp reviews.Btw..we arrived around 9:30am and when we left there was a pretty good line of people waiting to get in to eat so might want to keep that in mind.
3	I have been to this location many times, just can't believe that I never checked in or wrote about them.  I have always enjoyed their food and service.  But noticed the place just was not so clean (table & chairs) a little dirty.  =(
2	Nothing has changed, same boring food and same nonsense in the store area.
4	All good, they don't make dumplins like me though!,
3	We recently visited 2 days in a row since we had a visiting family member here who happens to love Cracker Barrel. The food was consistent both days. I had the French toast one day and the hashbrown casserole and bacon the next. I did have a bite of my husband's pancake which was super good too. In my opinion the French toast and pancakes are the way to go when visiting. Our service was inconsistent with the first visit being great and the second being just ok. Overall it was fine. The food and the price are ok and I will visit again.
5	I love this place!  They always have the best country food and the service is always good.
1	I dont like writing bad reviews, but I have to warn you. This was the WORST experience ever at a cracker barrel. First time service was bad and they were out of dumplings. No big deal until we received our dinner and everything was cold, looked like it had been microwaved. Decided stupidly to give this location a second chance this morning only to be served raw CHICKEN and stale biscuits with raw potatoe casserole. When I told the manager he had the nerve to argue with me about how raw the chicken was. Um sorry I cook chicken everyday I know that pink, bloody chicken breast is not a good sign. We will stick to our pinnacle peak and I-17 location even though its on the other side of town...
2	I've been here a couple if times an I think I leave less impressed every time.  The food tastes canned, frozen, or from a mix. The service is lackluster at best.  Today our food was cold and dry... How does that even happen when the food took less than 10 min to get to the table... To me that makes it seem like it was all precooked and reheated to order.I suppose I am not their target clientele, regardless I still have left every time I've gone feeling like I wasted both calories and money.
4	Here's a challenge for you: try being a vegetarian and go to eat at Cracker Barrel.Vegetable plate my buttinsky--there's pork in that there dish.  Yep, my wife ordered their plate with four vegetables and two of them were loaded with pork.  Look, I'm not dogmatic about vegetarianism--if you want meat, go for it (it's tasty), but if you are offering a veggie plate at your restaurant, at least mention somewhere in the menu that it's mixed with pig meat. . .About the best you can do at a place like Cracker Barrel (if you want to do more than graze on salad) is to resort to Starchitarianism.  In that case, either order sides or get something like their French Toast plate with the meat on the side to take home to the dog.  It's really good tasting and will fill you up for a nice price.Otherwise, this Cracker Barrel is a great place to eat--just not really for us.  If you're not veggie, there's gonna be tons of great food here for you.
3	Cracker Barrel is one of those places, which, for me, falls under the heading of "Comfort Food".  To be sure, portions are far from small and typically American ... as in "America in the 1960s", when breakfast meant three eggs, pancakes, sausage, ham or bacon, toast, and enough butter to paint the walls of a restaurant yellow.  And Cracker Barrel does its best to carry on that tradition.  This is NOT the place to go to to eat healthy; and I'd wager, Black Bear Diner has healthier meals.  If you're a diabetic or a vegetarian, this is the place to go to commit suicide.  Apparently, 70-80% of Arizona's sugar imports go to this restaurant and I'm almost positive I saw a truck filled with cows being delivered to the rear of the building.  (Of course, I jest:  everyone knows they consume so much meat here, they have their own slaughterhouse on premises).If your blood sugar level hasn't shot up to 600 reading this and your personal trainer hasn't slapped you for looking at this page, then you'll be happy(?) to know, that the food here is tasty, plentiful and will only likely put 2 or 3 pounds on your hips by meal's end.Service is usually attentive and polite.  There's nothing to fault the place as far as attitude and professionalism is concerned  (and isn't the lobby with all those cute knick-knacks just the bees' knees?!).If President Obama and First Lady Michelle have their way and Americans are compelled to actually exercise and do their part to cut down on medical costs, places like Cracker Barrel will go the way of the Pony Express and 29 Cent a gallon gas.  For now, enjoy the blast into the past and the extra dose of cholestorol meds you'll need after eating dinner here.
4	Hearty portions, warm friendly service.  House coffee is smooth & rich. Nice place to stop by.
4	A trip to Arizona is no complete with out at least one meal at the Cracker Barrel.  Whether it's breakfast, lunch, or dinner, you can't go wrong as everything on their menu is scrumptious!  I think the best way to describe the food is good old fashion American.  With items like Biscuits  & Gravy, Meatloaf, Chicken and Biscuits, Grits, ...The wait is never unbearable, and they have a cool little store to look around in while you wait for them to call your name.  That's not to mention their fleet of rocking chairs, and benches to sit on, in addition to simple board games like chess, and checkers to make the wait go by faster.
3	Our kids love the food at Cracker Barrel. When they're away from Phoenix they lament, rhapsodize, reflect on the heavenly food last served to them at Cracker Barrel. Darrin loves the catfish and greens. Orders it for breakfast, lunch or dinner every time he's in town. Chrissie enjoys the light, fluffy pancakes. Although Jr Jake prefers pancakes at Coco's he's smitten by the general store filled with candy, curios, and toys, toys, and more toys. He's amused by the checker board waiting for the next set of players to sit and play. And he's delighted by the peg board at each table waiting for him to invent his own fun.We ate dinner, then breakfast the following morning at CB. - Exceptional customer service. - Enchanting general store decorated for Christmas. Uncommon, yet affordable tree ornaments and toys. - Mediocre food.
4	I love eating there breakfast here. Country boy is my fav. Love the steak and hash brown casserole. My order was almost perfect except i got wheat bread not white, i don't like wheat but no big deal. Mike my server was great, friendl, and nice
1	This is by far the worst Cracker Barrel in Arizona.  I have been to the Glendale, Buckeye and Kingman locations in Arizona and this place is AWFUL on so many levels.  Why I have given it more than a couple tries is only because it is five minutes from my house.  The location in Glendale by Westgate is light years better.  First of all the wait staff at the Goodyear location is slow and dimwitted at times, on more than one visit I have had to find my own water.  Secondly the portion size is very small, probably a good thing eating at cracker Barrel but you get at least 50% more food at the Westgate location.  Thirdly the food has come served at different times, cold, overcooked, undercooked, and of course the completely wrong order.  I feel like (probably due to the food being poorly cooked at the Goodyear location) that the food is much fresher at the Westgate location compared to the Goodyear location.  I love Cracker Barrel but will avoid the Goodyear location and drive 15 minutes out of my way if I have to have Cracker Barrel.
5	I highly recommend the Country Boy Breakfast- Sirloin! A lot of great food for a good price. Great ambience. My favorite restaurant for a family breakfast.
3	Good Food, Good Portions, Great Lemonade :)
3	I have been to plenty of cracker barrels I absolutely love their food and service no complaints there but I agree with the other reviews on this specific location it is quite dirty ..... The bathroom was horrible I couldn't believe it was cracker barrel for a min
3	Ok so this is an amazing place for Breakfast! If you love country styled comfort food then you picked the right place! 3 stars for over all food and priceIf I could score the bathrooms here at this location it would be 1 star. I'm not sure if they were overly busy in the kitchen or on the dinning room floor but they neglected the bathroom while I was here. It was gross! But like I said the food was great but not the "truck stop" bathroom
3	Cracker Barrels are not all created equal.  While the vibe at the Goodyear location is great, the service leaves a lot to be desired.  We were served by a "Rising Star" (he hadn't yet earned any gold stars for his apron).  He was sure nice enough, but kept coming back to clarify our orders, we had to go get our own napkins/silverware because he gave us our food but not with the necessary silverware, and he was very slow to come back to check on us and refill our drinks.  Worst of all, he brought AC's salad without the deviled eggs and didn't explain that they were out of cooked eggs until after we brought it to his attention.  He apologized and seemed sincere, but the service left a lot to be desired.The food we did receive was up to Cracker Barrel standards, but the overall experience was really disappointing especially after looking forward to my yearly Cracker Barrel experience (they don't exist in California) since last spring.
5	Always excellent, down home style cooking. Never disappoints. Breakfasts are especially great
3	Service was great hereThe breakfast menu is a bit busy but I like how it tells you what you are getting Most of the breakfast options are bigI am not a big fan of the grits but the biscuits and gravy is goodThe gravy is really yummy The eggs and sausage/bacon are both good as wellIf I am in the area I would stop in for breakfast
3	Standard country kitchen food for your morningCracker Barrel is a good go-to place when you have a taste for a heavy Midwestern breakfast.  Good number of fried, egg, potato, meat, and salty sides to hit the spot.  Can get a little loud with all the conversations in a fairly large, open eating area.The service is usually very good and you aren't left waiting for your food.  There is often a wait of 10 to 20 minutes, but it's cool since you can wander the country store part of the restaurant in the interim.  Tons of knickknacks and old-time candy to peruse to occupy your time.Not a haute cuisine place, but one you will enjoy for those family breakfasts where you just want to spend time with each other over a heap of food. :o)
5	Great comfort food. I recommend the country style chicken. You can't go wrong with the sides. I like their fried okra, mac n cheese and country style green beans. And don't forget to wash it down with sweet tea. Melany our waitress was the best. Friendly, personable, and knew just when we needed something. (Refills, extra napkins, to go boxes). Also love the country store. They have great unique gift ideas and fun candy and toys for the kids.
5	My wife and I eat here every Sunday. The food is awesome and prices are cheap. We know many of the people by name and they know ours. Not to mention fast service. Coffee is amazing!!!
4	I love this place!  We visited Arizona, and ate here three times!  Just good, old-fashioned food.  I love the chicken-fried chicken!!
5	Wish they had Cracker Barrel. In California. Went there twice while in Arizona and loved it. 1st time midday not crowded good service great food. Quick hot and good. 2nd time waiting told us 15-20. What I like is when they call a party they then tell the next party you are next called when table is available that way they are ready. They were moving people in and out fast. Got seated took order and got food fast again. Love this place.
5	My brother and I had lunch here and had a great time as we have come to expect from Cracker Barrel Restaurant . Cracker Barrel Restaurant AZ  is now my favorite, knocking leis Vegas from top spot. Great food Friendly staff and being surrounded by stuff from music legends what more could you want ?
3	I love CB. None in California so I come here everytime I come to AZ. Unfortunately food cold today. Out of pie so they said they would put in oven but it takes an hour to cook!!! Now I am checking out and finding my bill is incorrect. Wow...
2	I remember Cracker Barrel for having great home cooked food. Maybe it's what we ordered but it seemed like standard restaurant food. Great service!
3	The food tasted fine, but the portions were mighty small. I had over medium eggs and biscuits. The wait was not worth the food, that's for sure. Nothing memorable to keep me coming back.
2	12/31/2014 17:00  location I40/ Hwy 42 , Garner NC     As a Christmas gift we were given a Cracker Barrel gift card. We decided to go early to avoid the later dinner crowd rush. We were seated within ten minutes and were quite pleased about that. our server took our drink order and we also gave her our meal order.  Ten minutes later we get our drinks and bread. The bread was barely brown on top, and not done in the center. Twenty minutes later I had to ask  a server what was the problem with our order. Ten minutes later we got our order  By then our drinks were empty and again I had to stop someone to refill our drinks. At one point  our original server stopped by to ask how things were, I told her about the bread ,she looks at it and says "What's the problem with it?"  She picked it up and that was the last I saw of her till we got our check.
