4	Very clean store and friendly service. This is a smaller warehouse type of store that you can shop at with no membership card requirement. I go here when I need to buy in bulk for my classroom goodies, staff in-services, school parties, and for my teacher appreciation treaties. I do not have the need to go very often. However, when I can't get a friend who has another "warehouse" membership card to shop for me, I drop by here. They have limited items of course but it is great when I need fifty 100,000 bars. lol
5	In a neighborhood where there isn't much around beside a small complex with a few restaurants but mostly fast food. Their price are awesome, clean store and friendly staff who are always happy to help you with anything. Got anything you need here but I is more toward business items and wholesale products. Come here often and will recommend.
1	Normally my family has had very good luck at Smart and Final.  However this time after purchasing a 17.5 lbs of Tri-tips I got home and started getting them ready for the next days grilling and literally trimmed of over 5 lbs of fat.  This is totally unacceptable.  Not  sure what to think, I understand there is going to be a fat cap but 5lbs is very excessive.   See photo's.
3	What a bizarro little store. Maybe I'm a little behind since this was my first Smart & Final experience EVER, but I didn't really know what to expect. I wouldn't recommend this place for all of your grocery shopping needs, but it is a good choice if you are in need of, let's say, five gallons of soy sauce or two pounds of taco seasoning. It's definitely not a warehouse by any means, but it's worth checking out if you needed a couple items and didn't want to deal with the hassle of Costco or Sam's Club.We went on a Friday night, and even though the store wasn't by any means crowded, it felt like you were always in someone's way. The staff is friendly and helpful and the store is maneuverable, but a tad on the annoying side as far as it's layout. I felt like we were continuously backtracking because we missed an item or something wasn't where you would expect it to be. The prices are alright but not "the lowest in town" like the slogan would lead you to believe. In addition to food stuffs, they carry a large selection of paper products (in massive quantities), baby items (although not cheaper than anywhere else), and beer and wine (again, normal pricing).
3	Just realized the frozen cobbler I bought had a "Best by" date of August 2014. I know it's not technically an expiration date (and I'm eating it anyway), but I suggest you look at at the sell by, just in case.
