5	I moved to Charlotte in 2004 and lucked out in finding Charlotte OB & GYN. Specifically in finding their nurse midwife, Kathy Shields. I just went to Kathy for an annual exam and wasn't expecting anything more than the uncomfortable get in and get out. But Kathy was fantastic. She sat and chatted with me for 20 minutes, just to get to know me. Whenever I came back, she would ask me about the stuff I mentioned in my first appointment, like my hobbies, and my boyfriend. I really felt like she care about me and she always made me feel very comfortable. Only Kathy could make me laugh and chat while I'm getting a gynecological exam. I had appointments with a couple other OB/GYN's when Kathy was busy and everyone was professional and caring. Even the clerical staff is sweet and friendly. I can't recommend this team enough!
5	I delivered my son with them and was truly impressed with the level of care the midwives at Charlotte OB provided.  As a first time mom they made sure all my questions were answered and made me feel as comfortable as possible during all visits and during the delivery.
3	I have mixed feelings about this practice. I was an OB patient and everything went well with my pregnancy. They did a good job delivering my baby boy. Nothing exceptional but solid. As for my after care it has been awful. I went to a postpartum visit and they said they needed to send in paperwork for my birth control. They said it would take 10 days to be approved. I waited 3 weeks and called back. The secretary said they were still waiting for the paperwork to go through the insurance. I waited 10 days. I called back and the nurse said the paperwork was never sent and she had no idea who I talked to the week before. She basically accused me of never calling. Then she got passive aggressive and said at least she took care of it. One month later?!? And I should be thankful? The also never sent in my leave paperwork. It took me a visit, 2 phone calls, and a week for them to take care of that. So like I said I am mixed. It was good patient care but the office secretaries and nurses are not as professional. It may just be a couple people but enough to make me consider switching.
1	Impersonal and awful. This is my first pregnancy, and I will be switching doctors ASAP. They have lost test results, never know anything about me and I consistently wait a minimum of 30 minutes past my appointment time.
