1	Good luck talking with anyone. Horrible IVR system that ensures you go to voicemail every time. You will meet with your doctor during the consultation and only if they are in the rotation the day of your visit.Your voicemails are returned a little before 4pm. This I due to the fact that they do not answer calls after 4pm. So answer every call or you have to wait 12 hrs to speak someone.We were quoted a price for IUI of $800 plus medicine due to the special they were running on IUIs. Here is where it gets interesting. My husband informs the doctor he was on testosterone gel and the doctor requested an analysis. The doctor stated the IUI would be delayed due to the required analysis. That message was never passed down to anyone else. We receive a call asking for the $800 for the IUI. We informed them it was delayed for one month. They said that was okay but we still needed to pay. So we did. REACH also scheduled an appointment for me to come in for a visit. I came in, different doctor came in, did the monitoring, and left. While I was getting dressed, I noticed an envelope on my purse. I look inside and there are prescriptions. No explanation given. I call to ask why I was given prescriptions since we were delayed for one month. The nurse said we will have to cancel it. Here we are a month later, receiving a call asking for $235 from a place in Florida. We have to call REACH to find out what was going on. Surprise! Voicemail. Left a message at 9am and received a callback at 4pm. The lady in billing informed us the $235 was for our 2nd IUI. I stated that we have not had our first IUI. She state yes we have completed one IUI. After I informed her that we have not completed the first IUI, she placed me on hold to go and confirm. 10 minutes later she returned and agreed that I had not complete my first IUI. Then she went on to inform me that we owed $235 for canceling the first IUI. I was shocked. I told her we never scheduled an IUI due to waiting for an analysis for my husband. She stated we cancelled so we owe the $235. Wow!Dr. Katz is the nicest person in the world. The administration is one big cluster at REACH with no customer service skills. Nothing has gone smoothly. Nothing is easy with them. Very disappointed.Now that I have lost trust in REACH, I am moving onto IVF, and taking our $30,000 to another clinic with better customer service.
1	I was a patient here for two years several years ago. I went to Reach thinking I was getting top notch treatment for infertility.  I trusted them and when I was told there was nothing they could do for my "unexplained infertility" I left with crushed dreams and a very broken heart. Recently, while seeing another doctor for routine women's healthcare, the reason for my infertility was diagnosed . I'd long since closed the door to the hopes of motherhood and so I was understandably shocked when a doctor, treating a totally different issue, was able to diagnose something Reach told me was unexplainable. Upon reviewing my medical records from my time at Reach, I noticed that the exact diagnosis I've just been given was "suspected"  during my two years with Reach but was always written off though no testing was done to rule it out.  I am devastated at the thought that for eight years I have been dealing with emotional fallout of never being able to parent a child when the entire time I could have been easily diagnosed and treated. Shame on you Reach for not taking the time EACH patient deserves and giving them thorough exams and testing. Be warned, this place may have award winning doctors but you will be nothing more than a number to them and if you do not fit a cookie cutter diagnosis, they will toss you to the side and forget about you. My best advice is to find a doctor who will take the time you deserve and help you find the solution you're searching for.
1	Very poor customer service! Every time you call the office you are sent straight to voicemail. The voicemail says if you call before 4pm, your call will be returned that day. This has not once been the case. The first time I was told to leave a message to schedule blood work was on a Monday, no  back. Called again Wednesday, did not receive a call back until Friday. I would think because of the voicemail system the nurse would be prepared and have looked at your chart prior to returning your phone call, again not the case. I have spoken with the same nurse multiple times and she lacks the knowledge to provide you information regarding the tests you are having performed or why you are having them performed. Waited over an hour for an appt she didn't even apologize. The sign on the door leading to the offices from the waiting room says do not knock and there was no reception desk on that floor to check in so you are forced to sit and wait over an hour until they call your name.This doctors office works with insurance companies every day however lacked the knowledge to correctly code my visits. I had to call the insurance company to get the correct ICD 9 codes for billing...really?????People tell you not to stress out when you are trying to conceive however all I have is stress over this place. I wanted to go to another practice initially however reach had the soonest available appointment and now I know why. I wish we had just waited two more weeks for the other practices available appointment
