5	Just opened yesterday...this place is a gem! So happy they're here, the food was amazing! I think I found a new Thai place in Summerlin! Definitely recommend the Pad Thai! Amazing!!!
5	Fantastic Family Owned Thai place in the Vons Shopping Center. Friendly service and great food. We had the Pad Thai and fried spinach and I recommend both!
2	I ordered Pad Thai with beef A La Cart. First thing I noticed was it was a small portion.  Second thing was there wasn't much beef. Beef was a little tough but for the most part it was tasty. Different from many Thai places.I also ordered a large Tom Yum soup with chicken. Standard size amount. This too was prepared differently than most places. Chicken was tough and flavor was ehhhh Place has seats for inside eating but restaurant is designed for take out.Small portion sizes along with the cost makes this an undesirable place for me to return. For $23 ...I expected more
5	Fantastic Thai food! This place is my new favorite lunch spot. Everything has really great flavor and spice. Awesome vegetarian dishes too! The eggplant is my favorite!
5	The owners are super nice and the food is delicious. We have tried the pad thai, panang curry, pineapple fried rice, golden purses and fried spinach and it was all really good. Curry is spicier than other places.We actually like the smaller portions (although you can get full portions too) and we don't mind paying a premium for a great place in our neighborhood. The food is very fresh, which is awesome.
5	At first I was surprised by the use of tinfoil but it kept my meal nice and hot all the way. Next time I need to order spicer!! Noodles were moist and delightful.  Pad Tai lunch special $9 and made fresh to order - I will be back.
5	Very good food, very clean place. Prices are fair and portions are reasonable, maybe even a little on the larger side. Service is friendly and fast. I can see myself as a regular. Recommended.
1	For $20 food I would rather go to Thai BBQ. The servings here are to small for the price.
5	I couldn't take a picture because I couldn't stop eating! This was the best Pad See Ewe I have ever had! Mainly due to the fact that the tofu was FIRM not silken like most places use. Silken has no flavor!! The firm absorbed every flavor and was pan fried and tasted like good scrambled eggs instead of deep fried air puffs. The noodles were so so good. Chewy and a nice large portion. Very friendly owner. Had her little boy run out my food to the car when it was done. I'm so excited to come back. Yum.
1	Tried to give this little place to evolve into a great neighborhood joint... Instead it raised its prices within the first month on mediocre food. A couple months later it still is serving Spring rolls stuffed with brown rice not veggies, bad Pad Thai that was too lemony to eat and tasteless chicken. The decor is nearly as bad as the food. When in the area I will dine at one of the neighboring restaurants.
5	Delicious! I've only had a few things so far, but I'm already addicted to the Pad Thai. I Iove that the (I'm assuming) owner is knowledgeable about gluten and has a close friend who has gluten sensitivity. She's super nice and easy to ask questions of, and that goes a long way when I'm used to being treated as a nuisance because of my food allergies. The Pad Thai is very flavorful, with plenty of sauce. This is wonderful, because when I ordered gluten-free pad Thai at Archie's, it was super dry (they make it w/ soy sauce and they have to leave it off because it has wheat). I'm so happy that I don't have to sacrifice flavor!!!The price may be slightly high, but I get two meals out of it, so it seems like a good value to me! I am looking forward to some of the curries and soups next time. Just wish they were open on Sunday, but on this sleepy side of Summerlin I can understand why they aren't.
5	Best Tom Kha and Chicken Satay I have eaten! They don't use any frozen food at all, so everything tastes fresh because it is.
5	Excellent food. Small Mom & Pop place but great tasting food. Great flavor & Excellent service. Try the crispy Spinach or the Green curry. Delicious.
4	I am a fan, the lady here is super nice too.  Solid and legit Thai in Summerlin!
5	I love this place! Not only is the food super delicious and healthy.. But the owners are wonderful! They are salt of the earth people! I frequent this neighborhood gem almost daily for their soup! I'm known as the "soup lady" lol.. Everything I've tried is delicious! But their Tom Yum Noodle soup is fave! And the Tom Ka is favorite too. Jen (owner) is always so sweet and gives wonderful customer service.I will continue to support this wonderful little spot! :D
5	This restaurant is amazing and everyone (especially Jane) is SUPER friendly. A must visit for those in Summerlin!
5	Second lunch here and as good or better than the first. Delicious food great lunch specials. You gotta get some crispy spinach.
5	Another great lunch!!!! The food here tastes delicious and at a great price. You won't be disappointed. Try the crispy Spinach.
