2	It's cheap, it's convenient and if you go with a burrito, it's food you can eat while you're driving. There is better nearby if you want Mexican (the 1900 around the corner on Park, for instance) or other sit down food (at the Roasting Company).I've seen people order $12 worth of higher-end items at a TB, which never makes sense to me. I can completely enjoy (within limits, this isn't Ruth's Chris!) a 7 Layer Burrito or a Spicy Chicken Burrito and walk out of here with change from $5. Add the "fire" sauce for a little extra zing.As TB's go, this one is within standards. Sometimes they fold the burrito properly (sealed at both ends) and sometimes they don't and you have to make sure it doesn't all leak out the bottom.I have not been given my receipt a couple of times at the drive-thru, though they are pretty good about not screwing up the order.
1	There was one person ahead of me at the register and one person in the drive through and they got all of our orders wrong even after the three staff behind the counter stared and stuttered at each other for twenty minutes.
1	Yes I know its almost taboo to review a fast food place, but when a yelper gets annoyed, she's gonna yelp.  Loud.  I worked and ran errands from early morning to almost 3 pm, without breakfast or lunch on Sunday.  I figured I need something right now, so Taco Bell it was (plus I like to jack some extra fire sauce packets for my kitchen drawer---taco night is coming up ;-D  Anyway, I walked in and the music is just blaring, I mean sure Im not 18 anymore and certain volume levels bother me now but this was deafening!  So I shout out my order to the very arrogant and haughty register boy who was busy admiring the glossy paint on his nails.  Apparently, they dont like non-meat eaters because they charged me .50 extra for my simple dollar menu burrito.  My only crime was asking for the meat to be replaced with beans.  It was also supposed to have 5 layers of sauce, cheese, etc, etc.  Mine roughly had 2 layers: one was beans one was cheese..........so I shouldve just ordered the bean and cheese right?  Why Im annoyed is because they were capable of messing up a simple, no-hassle order so royally.  I mean I just wanted a burrito for my hungry stomach (yes, and the fire sauce packets too)
1	It has been 6 months or so since I've been to a Taco Bell.  Now I remember why.  This one was particularly bad.  I got a 1/2-lb. beef combo burrito, nacho cheese gordita, and a large soda.  The name "beef" combo burrito is a misnomer; this thing had 1/4-lb. of sour cream in it, and the rest was refried beans.  There couldn't have been more than 5 little granules of ground beef in this crappy thing.My order was $7.07 for two items and a soda.  I used to go to Taco Bell in California and get the same order for about $5.00.  I don't know what is going on at this place, but I'll never go back.
2	Great restaurant? No! Awesome place to find a cure for constipation? Abso-friggin-lutely! Get a 5 buck box, wait 2 hours and let the good times flow right out of your rectum like greased lightning. Also, if you like dating big nasties that work at Taco Bell, this place is the spot to be. On the upside they are generally nice and usually get your order right.
4	If you're a taco bell lover, they won't disappoint. I mean-this is not 4 nor even 3 star FOOD comparatively, but it's good taco bell. :)Try the Dorito Taco-it's incredible!
1	I am usually very positive about reviews  and complementary about employees. Unfortunately, I made the decision of visiting this establishment tonight. If the business wishes to flourish, make some changes very soon.
3	I've had night and day experiences at this location - seriously, during lunch and then late night.  During the day, their staff is super friendly (dare I say too much friendly sometimes?) and their service is fast. I might almost give them 4 stars. But this past weekend, I got sucked in by marketing for their Smothered Burrito and drove through around midnight. They had no non-sweet-tea (I go half-and-half usually, sorry I am not from the South!) and in spite of ordering a beef burrito, having the manager who was running the drivethru then ask me beef, chicken or steak (beef!) and my receipt saying beef... I ended up with Chicken. Guess I should stick to the day shift for my nacho cheese addition!
5	Let me give you some background: It was two years ago in May. I was still eating meat. I got the same thing every time at Taco Bell: Chicken quesadilla, extra quesadilla sauce on the side, and fire sauce. I use an entire packet of fire sauce with every single bite. That's honestly the only reason I come to Taco Bell: for the sauces. The sauces are supreme considering they come in little packets. This Taco Bell experience is embedded into my brain and will never leave it. I just ate Taco Bell where I live in Michigan and it reminded me of this night in Charlotte, NC. I had to come on Yelp and finally give my first Yelp review. Five stars is a lot, but let me tell you, this late night Taco Bell stop was a pleasure for me and my pals who were paling around starting only hours before. We attempted to sing karaoke but this one guy kept doing The Killer's songs over and over again, which was fun, but this caused us to not have a single chance at going up to sing. The bar closed, we decided to leave, and my friend got in the driver's seat and I demanded with all my might to go to Taco Bell. On the way we listened to Taylor Swift's "22" on repeat and sang so much my friend lost her voice. I had to pee like a race horse. We finally get to Taco Bell, placed our order, and drove up to the window. "Would you like any sauce with your meals tonight?"My eyes grew big. My heart grew strong. My mind raced -- I heard it -- my calling -- "sauce." "ALL THE FIRE SAUCE, please." I demanded from the passenger seat. The man working there gave me an entire Taco Bell bag full of fire sauce. I will never forget this night, or that man, who I called an angel a number of times. I think of him time to time, wonder what he's doing, what other people he is doing good for. It was truly a blessed experience at a Taco Bell. *drinks fire sauce packet* I will never forget it.
