5	Hit up Modern Burger with Jason W. and Deb S. yesterday. I totally think this needs a separate designation from Modern Steak as it's quite different and for what it is, it's good...It's basically a window in the side of Sam Fox's new place, Modern Steak. I think they do a couple of salads but I really didn't pay too much attention. We were there for the sliders. They are....uh, basically....awesome! Two sliders of fresh ground beef, a house made bun (crazy foccacia looking one), American cheese, grilled onions, 1000 island & iceberg lettuce.  I'm hot & cold on Fox spots but I'm in love with Modern Burger's sliders. The beef was awesome. Super moist, juicy & flavorful. Cooked in butter??? The rest of the compliments were great. I was particularly impressed with the bun. First of all for some crazy reason, I'm strongly anti-foccacia. This bun looks like foccacia bread (cut square & about the same thickness) but it definitely wasn't. Soft & tasty, it was great sopping up the burger juices & dressing.I also had the yukon gold fries which were good. While they don't jump to the top of my fry list, they're definitely respectable. MB has a few soft drink choices, a bunch of bottled water (sparkling & still) & I saw a bunch of bottles of wine so I'm guessing wines by the glass. (I was pretty much there for the sliders.)  The guys at the window were also quite cool & happy to do soda refills.There were also some interesting looking ice cream sandwiches on the board.While I thought everything was good, the major highlight for me was the sliders. I'd say they're even destination worthy. In addition to stopping over while in the mall, I will even fight the mall parking & crowds for more of those sliders.It's in Fashion Square but is separate from the Modern Steak. Couldn't add the spot with the same address. Kept kicking it out.Scottsdale Fashion Square7014 E. Camelback Rd.Scottsdale AZ 85251P: 480.423.7000
4	First of all I am overly excited that Scottsdale Mall has added this lovely addition of an West wing.  I was starting to think that Neiman's was as good as it would get *shivers* Barneys! My wallet just can't contain itself.  Anyways the little window is sexy.Hell it caught my attention.  The fresh flowers modernly placed.  can you tell I'm an architect? ..and the workers aren't that bad either. I love their selection of food..clean cut "modern" makes sense...The water selection is vast, but who are you kidding? You're there for the lemonade! Do light Ice you'll get more lol.  (Don't be fooled by the water by the way...it's just Nestle Pure Life water...in a fancy bottle and some mineral flavoring *yum*) But the sliders...the sliders...soft warm perfect buns perfectly pairs.  The sauce...dripping devilshly down the little, but supple meaty bulge.  don't bother with the lettuce.  It's cleverly advertised at "Iceburg" cause..we all know Iceburg is NOT lettuce.  I'm going on about this, but honestly this place was awesome.  I knocked it one star only because it is NOT a lunch break meal! Do not waltz there thinking that you will be in and out.  (Get the pun) These burgers are made with tender hands...and lots of love.  Patiently wait with some Perrier and enjoy the people watching.. Sweetie...Louis Vuitton and Prada do not match.  Designers need to put labels on their products.  "Do not swallow, keep away from the fashion-ally challenged, Toss after ONE year."  30th review!
5	One word describes these modern burgers: awesome. Ok, so they're not your typical burger, they are sliders, but this is as good as sliders get. Wonderfully crafted, melt-in-your-mouth good, right down from the juicy meat to the focaccia-like bun. I'm not a huge fan of many burger buns, and these are probably the best buns I've ever tasted! And I've tasted a lot of buns! I assure you, you will not be disappointed. I've been here twice so far. The second time I went here, my burger was not as hot and fresh as the first time I went, so I'm not sure if that was just a slow day for them or what. Still, it was an amazing burger. The Yukon fries are very tasty and have a nice "crispness" to them. They're definitely not your Mc D's fries. Two sliders will cost you about $6, fries another $2 or $3, and don't forget your drink. Take your pick: soda or wine. I think it's well worth the price for a Saturday afternoon party-in-your-mouth. Since this place is in the mall, and literally in a window in the mall, there's no waiters, no tables. It's best to enjoy while it 's hot, so just pick up your food in a paper bag and find a seat anywhere you can at Fashion Square. They do have a few fancy picnic-like tables in front of the window, but I've found that they are usually taken.  Dieters beware. Although, they do offer salads!
2	Modern Burger is a little blue burger window inside Scottsdale Fashion Square, alongside the latest Sam Fox venture, Modern Steak.I visited three times before I found Modern Burger open, and on that visit the place quickly closed up as they called my name and I grabbed the bag of food.There are five items on the menu. Orders are placed at the window.On this visit, the window was crowded with four teen-somethings who refused to move as the staff looked on helplessly. Finally, a look was thrown in their direction and two of them moved while the others continued to hang out.After ordering, customers can sit at one of the two communal tables and wait to be called. The food is served in a paper sack, ala fast food style.While I waited, one of the staff approached me and asked if I needed ketchup. As I shook my head and replied, he slammed down several packets of ketchup and hustled off. There is nothing like sharp and attentive service to make you feel valued.But I have to say that the food was pretty darn tasty, starting with the Chopped Turkey Salad ($5.75). While it did come pre-made out of a refrigerator, the freshness was still present. Chopped lettuce, roasted turkey and corn, tomato, cucumber, cheddar and boiled egg, while fresh, were all sadly under dressed. A small container of dressing was provided, but since the place had closed, more could not be requested.The Sliders ($5.75) came two to an order and are, as you'd expect, two small burgers. They're served on a house-made bun, which is more like focaccia bread rather than something more traditional. The beef was cooked medium rare and was tender and juicy. In fact, it was so juicy that the lack of napkins became apparent, and with no one to ask.. The top-notch house fries were perfectly seasoned on the salty side and had a nice toothsome crunch.For dessert, Modern Burger offers ice cream sandwiches ($2.75), but once more we were denied since the place had closed.The food was tasty but, with strange hours and crude service, I can't understand why they even opened. The place seems more like an afterthought.
4	Fancy White Castle, is what I will be calling you Modern Burger.  That is actually a compliment coming from me because I love White Castle.  Everyone I know says they hate it, but I believe they are just too embarrassed to admit how good those little burgers are.  You, Modern Burger, are pretty much doing the same thing but better.  Now if only you'd add chicken rings to your menu and stay open for late night drunken cravings, I'd never need to go to the Midwest again.
5	As we were sitting at the sleek white high bench table eating our yummy burgers, Glenn says to me "I think this is the best burger in the Valley."  I contemplated that for a little bit and he asked me if I agreed.  Well, I couldn't really come up with anything better.  We love the burgers at FEZ, and we've tried the burgers at Delux, I mean really, we've kind of tried everywhere that says they have great burgers.  So yeah, I have to agree that Modern Burger makes the best burgers in the valley, even if they are only 3 and a half inches in diameter.I ordered a pair of the sliders along with a side of fries for sharing.  At roughly 6 bucks for 2 sliders, I was expecting some pretty great things, and man oh man did Modern Burger deliver!  The meat was ultra tender, full of yummy juiciness and cooked to the most perfect burger temperature.  The cheese was perfectly gooey, but not messy, and the sauce was just right.  The buns that these babies were served on were also delicious, not just a mere vessel for holding meat.  The fries were also delicious, sprinkled lightly with a large chunky sea salt that made them nearly irresistible.  Do I sound slightly obsessive?  Probably.  This may actually be the one special place that can get a Scottsdale loathing couple to venture out there more often, even if it is just for a meal.
4	This was my first stop after my plane landed at PHX on Sunday afternoon.  After I managed to get lost about 20 times in the huge Scotsdale Fashion Center, I finally managed to find the little blue window for Modern Burger.  I picked up two sliders and a side of fries.  The have two small tables right next to the ordering window, so I was able to dig in right away.  I thought the burgers were really good, which is impressive since I don't really like American cheese.  My leftovers were still delicious the next day after being warmed up in my hotel microwave.  Definitely worth the drive!
5	The BEST burger in the city.  Hands down.  No nonsense, no options, no choices.  Leave it the way it is because it is perfect.
4	Frodo Baggins called.  Even he thinks you guys skimp on your portions.  Don't get me wrong, the burgers are great.  Some of the best in Phoenix.  But by the time you are getting your pace up to really savor the flavor, your little box is empty.They are tasty but I believe Fox, once again, has put style over substance and out thought itself.
4	holy moly- a fox concept i like?! well, i've always loved the design of the restaurants, but never the food. Modern Steak is next door and is now my inspiration for my backyard design. It's eye candy for sure. Sorry- back to modern burger. This place is so well priced for what you get. and it's tasty! it sorta tastes like a better version of in n out to me. The meat patties are thick and juicy, and the bun is so buttery. the grilled onions are my favorite touch. i'm sure my clients love my onion breath, too. i'm kidding, i wisp after lunch. (BTW- highly recommend wisps)the fries are so good- they were crunchy. I don't know if that was on purpose but I love crunchy fries that have a little fluff in the middle. divine. I had a bite of one of their ice cream cookie sandwiches and highly recommend that you pass on getting one. not a fan.there are, however, two things i would add or change:1. how is american a modern cheese? havarti is more posh :) 2. a to-go phone #- i could take a lunch break in 5 minutes if i was able to call my order ahead for pick up. plus it makes sense being in the mall with all the retail workers. their lunch breaks are short.
3	My first visit to Modern Burger was yesterday, after treating Mom and myself to happy hour at Marcella's next door.  Before we had apps at Marcella's, we checked out MB's menu, and after spying their list of ice cream sandwiches, I knew what I wanted for dessert!Out of the three ice cream sandwich options (Oatmeal & raisin/Granny Smith ice cream, Peanut butter/Chocolate ice cream, and Chocolate chip/Tahitian vanilla bean), I chose Granny Smith.  I was able to have the MB rep procure a fresher one "from the bin" in the restaurant (for all I know, he just paused for a moment and turned around!).  Whatever.  All I know is that the 2nd ice cream sandwich didn't look as old and compacted as the one he initially offered to me.  The sandwich was so tasty!  Not too sweet, and it was certainly refreshing on a warm, Phoenix spring day!  I liked it so much, I stopped by tonight, two minutes past 6p (MB's closing time), to get another.  (Truthfully, I'd wanted to try their sliders, as well, but it was too late to order those, but ice cream sandwiches she could sell me, the rep said.)  And so I bought.
3	A great place for a quick meal if you are shopping at Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall (it beats the food court). I certainly wouldn't go out of my way just for their burgers, which remind me a little of White Castle back in the day. Is there a White Castle anywhere near the valley?
4	Modern Burger is weird. It's attached to an expensive steakhouse located in a ritzy mall, yet it's seems like it's trying to emulate an in-n-out burger type of experience albiet with slightly higher prices. It's basically a little window you order from, and outside the order window is a couple of hightop counters with benches. It's set up perfectly for eating while people-watching...which let's be honest, is the best thing about going to Scottsdale Fashion Square. It takes a few minutes on average, and you're presented with a couple of sliders. They aren't very big, but unless you've got a raging appetite, they should do the trick...especially if you get an order of fries with them. Each time we've went, the burgers have been cooked to perfection...they're really juicy and flavorful. Nothing fancy...just a straight up burger with all the regular toppings that'll melt in your mouth. There's something to be said about a nicely cooked burger. When you use fresh meat and cook it right...you don't need to get fancy and have exotic toppings. There's just something about these burgers that melts in your mouth...whatever it is...it's got me craving them every couple months if we happen to be at the mall. I wouldn't go out of my way to get one of these burgers, but if you're already at the mall, you're not gonna do any better than Modern Burger for a nice little Mall lunch. It easily beats out all the other Mall food offerings. Worth a try. 3.75/5.
5	I love this place. It's great for a quick meal if you're shopping or if you work in the area and are on lunch break. I HIGHLY, HIGHLY recommend the Chopped Turkey salad. I get it a couple times a week and with very good reason:Perfectly portioned and well-priced, it's filled with chopped turkey, Vermont Cheddar, hard-boiled eggs, crispy lettuce, cherry tomatoes and corn. I prefer it with the Cowboy Ranch dressing, but there's also a vinaigrette option. All that for just under $6!I've gotten the sliders a couple times - they are delish and sized just right for what they are. I know if I am craving a big juicy burger, I can go hit up Johnny Rocket's in the mall, or better yet Five Guys when it opens!This was a great concept and it's very nice that it's not trying to be something it's not. Take-out is obviously what the aim is here, as seating is limited.
4	sure, some have out foxed himand beat him to the puncheven, 'out of the boxed' himwith new ideas, a hunchbut none shall out expand himevery leasing agent callsand no one will out brand him"concepts" in every mallthe guy sweats design, detailsoft overlooks great foodthe gross and net sales, prevailmean, what's the guy to do?backed by bread, behind himsharks, they swim or dieexpansion is the mantraso sam thought that he might tryto modernize a burgerreally, what does that mean?well, as far as i can telldecided he could squeezemore money from a kitchenhe'd already built his rent, i'm only guessingwould make most others wiltinvestors want their moneyso sam made one place, two"i'll tell you what, no i'm not nutshere's what we're gonna do...serve sliders, salads, simpleto shoppers on the runthe fancy folks at fashion squarejust watch, we'll make a tonof cash..... it's geniuswindow, cut through a wallconvenient cool, the price is rightsmack dab dere in da mall"a concept in a conceptvoila! the guy is goodand if that's modern thinkingthen perhaps, others, shouldthink modern, man, against the grainburgers, out of a boxyep, sam you're nuts, you're crazyyep...crazy like a fox
4	Simply put, the sliders taste like mini "Big Macs," which is just fine with me.  For what I got, I felt the prices could have been a little bit cheaper, but I'm glad that I made the effort to find this literal hole-in-the-wall burger place.
5	I really like the modern burger attached to modern steak. Its exactly what you should expect (and more) from a restaurant/take out in the mall. It's quick, delicious & inexpensive. I usually don't like a lot of food options in food courts and this is a great alternative to the standard mall food. Check it out if you want something quick & yummy so you can keep shopping!
3	The quality and taste of the Sliders themselves deserves five stars, but I just can't recommend Modern Burger. I was jonesing for a burger for lunch today, and I've read good things about this place. So I decided to give it a try since I don't live too far from Scottsdale Fashion Square. The menu is small and simple. Two sliders, a chopped turkey salad, fries, and ice cream sandwiches. The sliders are an okay size, but not very filling on their own. Think of it as an In-N-Burger single patty cheeseburger (same fixings, but much higher quality meat and bread), but a tad smaller and nearly twice the price. You could make up for this by ordering fries. However, I was completely unsatisfied by Modern Burger's fries. They were just way too plain. The concept also doesn't work well. It's a take out window from a fine dining restaurant inside the mall. There's really nowhere to wait for your food except at the window where you ordered.  That wouldn't be too bad, but it takes about five minutes or so to get your food.  There's also just a couple of benches to eat at. This would work better if Modern Burger was closer to the food court. I don't want to park my car, walk through the mall, and take the food somewhere else. Modern Burger is worth a try. But I'll only eat there again if I happen to be walking through the mall, and feel like having a burger.
3	Good but expensive.  Worth trying but not worth avoiding or seeking out in particular.
4	If I'm craving a slider on the go while shopping at the mall, this is a great go-to place. I can order two sliders for an incredibly reasonable price and everything else is a la carte. They sell salads, fries, sliders and sodas here -- all of which are tasty. Modern Burger is a great concept considering that many times, someone who is shopping at the mall gets hungry but doesn't necessarily want to sit down and eat. I'm still trying to figure out Modern Burger's hours because it's always a hit or miss if they are open or not.
3	10/07/102 stars for the food...Popped over to Modern Steak to have their HH (happy hour) $2 sliders, and instead found that the prices have increased (2 for $6, I believe).  I'd wanted to try their truffle fries, but thought I'd try the fries at Modern Burger first to have something to compare the truffle fries to the next time I visit.  The sliders ($5.75 for two, but I might be wrong) tasted like they did in the past and were the same size as those I had during happy hour.  So why the increase at Modern Steak?  The fries were soggy, and therefore were horrible (to me!), and I wonder if the truffle fries are even worth coming back for, now?  Service was friendly and accomodating, so I'm adding an extra star!
3	Stopped by here for a quick bite to eat before walking around the mall with friends. I've always wanted to try the quick take-out window and see how Sam Fox does "fast food" haha. The four of us bought two orders of sliders (4) and two orders of fries. About 5 minutes later they called our orders and we walked up to grab them. I liked their packaging, all white from the bag and napkins to the box that the sliders were in. The fries were pretty good. Cooked just fine, perfectly crispy on the outside. There was a nice touch though.... they were seasoned perfectly. I had mine without ketchup. Working at In-N-Out for 5 years had taught me that a perfectly seasoned fry doesn't need ketchup, and Fox nailed this one. The larger grain, kosher salt was the finishing touch on the fries.The sliders were simple, and... alright. The bun was great. You could tell it was made in-house and fresh. It was light, and a little sweet. The beef was fresh and tasty. The toppings of lettuce, grilled onions and cheddar cheese were good. Simple, but good. However the 1000 Island dressing was just that... From the culinary experts that Sam Fox has stashed in his kitchens, this tasted like 1000 Island from a bottle that was purchased at Safeway. It's not hard to make 1000 Island dressing, or something similar, and I kind of expected that. The sauce reminded me of a Big Mac, seriously. That's not meant to be a huge insult on Modern Burger, but it's what it reminded me of. The rest of the burger reminded me of a mini version of an In-N-Out burger, which is great. Two sliders, one order of fries and a water: $8.99. Not bad.If I were a mall employee, I would probably eat this a few times a week. Also, if I was shopping and wanted to avoid the masses at the food court, I would definitely stop by Modern Burger. Concept/Service: 4 StarsBurger: 3 StarsFries: 4 StarsI'll be back when I'm hungry and in the mall.
4	A place that inspires me to decorate my house like the bathroom must be reviewed! Modern Burger is an adorable little restaurant, perfect for happy hour after an afternoon shopping at Fashion Square. The sliders, fries, ice cream sandwiches, and chopped turkey salad are perfect. Everything from the portion size to the price to the presentation is wonderful. They have changed their happy hour since my last visit, so I need to go back soon. But I will be going back and that is the important thing.
4	A nice, quick, easy meal. I shared an order of burgers and fries and it filled me up for lunch. From my previous experiences when I have had sliders they are usually over cooked, but this was not the case at all. The fries are also tasty. The seating was minimal, but I went at a good time I guess so it was not a problem for me. The price is also good, especially for how much food they give you in one order.
5	Good service and good food! I ordered the burger sliders for lunch without the 1000 island dressing and loved them! A quick little meal for those on the go! The attendant even offered me a nice tall glass of ice water to go while I was waiting.
4	Feel like blowing your diet?! Come try what I like to call, the Modern Big Mac! The major differences is in the quality of the ingredients, such as the thousand island, onions (caramelized), buns (square), patty (jucier), and I suppose American cheese (meltier)!  I think the lettuce is about the same! The most obvious is that it comes in slider form factor, approximately 3-inches by 3-inches?  And it comes in a nice folded cardboard box.  1 order of the Modern Burger gets you 2 sliders (as mentioned) that comes out to 5 bucks and something cents.The fries is a separate order which, at this time, came out super crispy and hot! 2 bucks and something cents.  Shareable.Next time: Chopped Turkey Salad and Ice Cream Sandwiches...To be continued...
3	I really wanted to like this place.  The Fox group does a great job of creating a great dining experience with the theme, decor and menus at their restaurants.  However, the sliders and ice cream sandwiches at Modern Burger were not winners.  The fries were fantastic, the service was great and I really like the idea.  Maybe the food is better at Modern Steak?  I hope so!
5	Same awesome sliders & fries from Modern steak but to go?  WHY do you do this to me, Sam Fox?  It's not like I have the willpower to order that salad!
4	Now that was a great burger!Single..Cheese..Bacon..Grilled onionYum!
1	I really don't know what the rave about this place is!?  Came here on a Monday afternoon for lunch and ordered the single burger with some fries.  The gal at the counter was super nice and cool.  However, I can't say the same for the burger.  Pretty simple one patty burger with tomatoes, onions, and pickles....um...yeah that's about it.  My patty was not super dry, but darn close.  The bun was you basic hamburger bun.  So really why does it cost what it cost for such a simple burger.  Because it's made with a "modern" grill?  I could get the same at Mc'ds and be more content and plus at least I'll get a toy with it in a pretty box.  Mines with in a brown bag with Modern Burger stamp....yahhhh....... :(Overall, I'm baffle why people would compare this burger as one of the best in town.  Shame on you fools!  I wasn't even in a bad mood when I came  -- was totally in an awesome mood so nope -- last time I checked I don't have those time of the months.  Maybe someday I'll feel to give this a try, but for now; sorry folks can't recommend - Enjoy!
