2	Four star food, three star service, and two star ambience.Went in, got the stink-eye from two or three folks sitting at the bar watching the hockey game.  Sat in the dining room, and it was spooky quiet; for the first half of our meal, no one else was there, there wasn't music, and the only other sounds came from the next room, which just felt odd.  Atmosphere was bad.Got the pasta roll, which was absolutely delicious; awesome pasta/pine nuts/spinach under a relatively light red cream sauce.  The salad I had was lackluster, though; wilted greens, dry shredded carrots, and a pepperoncini that was just off; it tasted bitter, which was an all-new, all-bad taste for those.  Ew.  Five star entree, two star salad, maybe.There were two waitresses and only two tables; refills on water were pretty quick up front (several times), but we wound up hanging out for five or ten minutes after we were done eating before seeing our waitress again.Two and a half stars?  I'd stop in and get a pasta roll for take-out, maybe, but there's a lot of competition for selling red-sauce italian food in the Italian neighborhood, ya know?
4	D'Amico's is a consistent, high food quality place to eat.  Yes it is very italian american (versus) italian, but hey if its done right, its great.  The ambience is kind of suburban dinner and it is frequented by quite a few older people.  W eate in the bar which was younger and very tin cieling-wooden bar period.Service was actually very attententive.Food (with the exception of the house soup) was great.  We had the pasta roll and the shrimp/sausage angel hair.  The pasta is madr in house and is fantastic.  Where else can you be assured of home made angel hair?  The filling and suces were perfect and as written on the menu.$46 for two including great fried zucchini app. and tip.
3	I'll start with service...  It is not very good, and it isn't that they are mean, they are actually very nice, but they just don't seem to know what they are doing.  I have been in there as the only customer and they act frantic, like they are busy.  Nice people, but just not very good at service.The food.  The food is pretty good, not the best Italian I've had, but not the worst (ah-hem Dels).  The Gnocchi is home made, which is great, and it is pretty good, but I'm not wild about the sauce.  The pizza is solid, yet can be inconsistent.  The pizza is thin (which I love, the way pizza is supposed to be), right amount of cheese, not to much, not to little, and usually (this is where the inconsistency comes into play) the sauce is right on.  The atmosphere is, well, there really isn't any.  There usually isn't that many people there, no music, typically bad tv is on,  The bar is really old and really cool looking. I frequent here, because it is literally a 2 minute walk from my house.  I would certainly recommend it, but probably not as a first choice.
2	If you wanna see local color, come to D'Amicos. If you wanna get a stiff drink in the middle of the afternoon while walking around with a bandage on your face and wanna fly under the radar (true story), come to D'Amico's. This place is absolutely no bells or whistles, the waitresses are loud, and the stale sent of grease and old liquor hangs in the air. All the way down to the cracked teal vinyl seats, this place is legit.  D'Amico's just don't give a s**t.But it's all good. Having traveled quite a bit, I often find placees like this refreshing. The Wedding Soup is comforting and they are generous with the bread. And....they have no judgements about the previously mentioned strong drink that I consumed at 2:37pm on a Friday afternoon.
2	D'Amico's is like...Olive Garden, only less festive and with more "local color."  We came here for a coworker holiday dinner at 530 pm on a Thursday.  We made a reservation for seven of us, but there was no need to call ahead - the place was empty except for a man sitting at the bar, and a couple of girls at another table across the room.  Definitely not hoppin'.  The color of the walls and the decor remind me of a hotel restaurant that only serves a breakfast buffet.  It's very quiet in there, except for the low noises from a TV showing a football game in the next room.Our server was definitely "set in her ways," as one of my coworkers said.  She had a routine in terms of when she took drink orders, when she took food orders, when she brought the check.  Deviations in the schedule seemed to cause a "does not compute" response across her face....like when I sat down and she asked what I wanted to drink.  I said I was going to wait until my next coworker arrived (thinking she might want to share some wine with me), and she was just like "...you want to wait?  to order something to drink...?" and I was all "yes, I just got here....I don't even know what I want!" and she looked so confused, like how could some idiot like me possibly not know what they wanted to drink - finally she was like "oh, do you need a list or something?"  I know, I'm one of those difficult customers who requires a wine list in order to determine what wine I plan to order.  I'm weird like that.  Trying to order food at the same time as drinks was also a no-go.  You have to play by her rules.  When we did figure out the complicated drink-ordering situation, my coworker and I enjoyed our half-carafe of chardonnay.  I'd recommend getting a half carafe - the wine glasses are so small, paying $6 for a glass is a total rip off.  Get a half or full carafe and get your money's worth.The entrees come with soup and salad, which seems really old-school and kind of awesome to me.  They had one kind of soup, so you get what you get.  It was a chicken-vegetable-tortellini soup served in a little cup.  I liked it, because I like thin, brothy soups, but it wasn't anything special.  The four little tortellinis floating around were the best part, and it was nice to have some veggies too.  Salad was standard iceberg lettuce, carrot shreds, some tinny-tasting black olives, and the acidic but not-bad strawberry vinaigrette that came on the side.  I didn't bother with the bread - it didn't look like anything special and it just came with butter packets.I got the pasta roll for my entree.  Despite having lots of ingredients (pasta, spinach, prosciutto, pine nuts, sambuca, tomato cream sauce, probably some cheese somewhere), the dish was surprisingly one note.  I didn't think it was well-seasoned - I ended up pouring red pepper flakes on top to give it a zing, which didn't help terribly.  The texture was good, and it was a cool idea, and it wasn't a BAD dish, but it was just...meh.  Nothing exciting.  Very average.  Pretty bland.  I tasted a few other people's dishes and my response was the same.  It's just generic stuff.  Like I said, Olive Garden, only local.  Considering how "meh" the food was, I think it's way overpriced.So I wouldn't go back.  It's not my kind of food, or place.  For all the Italian folks around here, I'm sure Pittsburgh must have way better Italian food offerings than this.
5	I live right around the corner, so I've been here a couple times. The atmosphere is local, and the service is friendly and attentive. What wins this place 5*s  is the food - some of the best italian food I've ever had! Pasta, gnocci... even the salads have been delicious. The bar is beautiful as well. It looks very old but in a good way. I was so surprised by this place - it's one of those Bloomfield gems that I was very happy to discover.
1	Damicos has been closed since December 2012
