4	When at Primanti's you have to have their #1 best seller, so had an Iron City!  There are about 20 other beers on tap, too.  Then decided to try something different, hand tossed pizza.  Very good pizza, with a medium crust, lots of cheese and pretty good sauce.  Was told the Primati's in the burb's have pizza and crostini's since they started this with succees at the Fort Lauderdale location many years ago.   The location is nice!  Retained wood ceiling and big stone fireplace that was in the old Bimbo's.  Also, has a covered patio.  The service was really good, friendly, runners bringing out the food and the waitresses making sure everything was a OK.So you don't have to have the Pittsburgh sandwich or Pittsburgh salad; try pizza, pasta and more.
3	Stopped for lunch today.  Waitstaff was excellent.  An Italian sandwich and fries came to $11.  The Italian sandwich did not include fries so they were a side order.  I was very disappointed in the sandwich.  They put baloney on the sandwich instead of ham.  This is NOT disclosed on the menu!  Way too expensive in my opinion.
5	Love Primanti's ! I was waiting for one in the south hills. Nice decor and always good food. If there is one drawback it is pulling out of the parking lot during rush hour. It is at a very busy intersection.
4	Same ol' Primanti Bros. Nice and close location. Fries & Slaw on the Sam'ich, what's not to like?  Friendly staff. Quick service. I will say with all the TVs everywhere, the vibe is super sports bar. Which is fun... sometimes! Not a great place to have dinner with the family if what you want to do is TALK ('member that?) Ask to sit far away from the bar if you want to actually focus on your companions, not on the score. Great place to hang out when the Home Team's on!
3	For my first impression this place has a very nice location, spacious dining room with some outdoor seating. Yes I went and ordered one of their famous sandwiches but just once again was not that impressed. It tasted more or less a samich of coleslaw and flavorless fries. I don't think the sandwiches are worth it to be quite honest. The special lady had a salad for lunch with which she was not that impressed either. The service was fast and friendly and it did look like they had a large tap beer selection. I'm not sure I would go here to eat what can I say.
4	Great Bar, always have some games on the t.v,  if you have  curious taste buds you can certainly find something new herealways good food, always great service, i eat here every time i touch down in city..... high recommend, no sandwich like it! Big portions, worth that money.......try the corn beef or pastrami
3	So (and I'm probably going to be stoned for committing a sin after admitting this) I still have not eaten at the original Primanti's. Sorry, guys! But I have eaten at the one in Oakland, and now, I've eaten at the one in Mt. Lebanon near where I live.And, well...it's not bad. I'm probably a bit biased because there were some major problems the night I was there. In fairness, the restaurant itself is quite nice. It's spacious (MUCH more spacious than the one in Oakland), clean, decorated in an odd and interesting manner (there's a Steelers scarf wrapped around the neck of a mounted Elk head in there). The food is delicious, of course, although not something I would eat all the time - way too much fat and salt.My problem has more to do with the fact that the service my friend and I got during our dinner was very mediocre, and this is a complaint I've heard from other critics of the place as well so I doubt it was just me. Our server failed to bring us the water we ordered when she brought our other drinks, and we ended up eventually getting it after asking a third time - long after our food and alcohol had been consumed. She then never came back to check on us after that, and so after an hour of just chatting (which admittedly my friend and I didn't mind, we were catching up after not seeing each our for four years), we ended up grabbing another waitress so they could find ours.So yes, this is worth going to if you're nearby and you have the time. Just be prepared to potentially flag down a server that isn't yours when you're ready to leave.
4	I like the location - plenty of parking. Great Bar Setting with plenty of HDTV to watch the games. They have a good selection of beers on tap. Few of the times I've been - here - the bar scene was mostly older men. However, they do have 1/2 off happy hour :)The food is great but will mostly depend on your taste bud. Of course, if you're a first timer - make sure to try the original famous sandwich. But if you're a picky eater - their pizzas are pretty good.The price is reasonable and definitely worth the portion. Service has always been good the time I've been there.
2	Why do Pittsburgh folks like this place so much? Average portions on spongey white bread with damp fries - in your sandwich. The wait staff was preoccupied (the place was half full), and quite apathetic I may add. Not competitive in my eyes. I mean, there's a lot of TVs, and the draft beer is ice cold. And cheap. But the food is mediocre at best. The only thing this place seems good for is watching sports and drinking.
1	As a Pittsburgh transplant, the fascination with Primanti's always seemed a little ridiculous. The sandwiches are okay, but they're hardly good enough to overcompensate for their lack of quality service, and pure arrogance that I've experienced from their staff.This particular location is the perfect example of how Primanti's thinks that living on "Pittsburgh legend" status is enough. Why should they provide decent service when your seat will just be replaced by some other fool looking for a sub-par meal because it's "famous?"We only agreed to meet our friends at Primanti's because they advertise that they have NFL Sunday Ticket and we assumed that they'd actually show a variety of games...you know like every other bar that pays for the service. With our group made up of two Steelers fans, one Ravens fan, and one Eagles fan, we were hoping to be able to watch all of the games, but despite this location having a ridiculous abundance of televisions, we were denied the ability to watch the Eagles/Giants or Ravens/Bengals games. We were told that the Steelers would be on all of the televisions, and one TV at the bar would be turned to RedZone, and that since RedZone shows highlights of all of the games, that should suffice. This was coming from the manager, nonetheless! Thanks, man...thanks for not even trying to help your customers out. God forbid, not every one of your customers cares about the local team. Especially at a touristy spot. We saw 3 Ravens fans, and a Texans fan...all roaming around trying to find a TV with their games on. But, hey, they can't possibly change the channel on one of their 50 TV's.Meanwhile, I look across the bar and we realize that one TV was turned to the Falcons game for ONE fan in a corner booth. Another TV actually had the Giants/Eagles game on it, but that, too, was in a corner booth and the only person who seemed to be watching it was our friend...who was forced to squint to watch from across the bar.So, in the end, the manager and bartender both contradicted their "policy" of only showing the Steelers game. Too bad we couldn't get any reasoning for their decision.As if that wasn't enough, the service at the bar was laughable. The bartender acted like customers were bothering her when we wanted a drink or to order food. She didn't get our order right, either. So to round off a horrible experience, we didn't get to watch our games AND we didn't get what we ordered, despite being charged for the things they didn't bring out. No apologies, no positive customer service, and nothing but arrogance coming from both the manager and the bartender.It's a good thing their name will keep the money rolling in, because any other restaurant would be out of business with Primanti's level of service. We definitely won't be back.
2	Okay...been going to Primantis since the 80's and have always been a huge fan.  Was back in town visiting and was looking forward to trying this new location.  First time in 30 years they have dissapointed.  Where you would usually get a two-handed "monster" meal...overflowing with meat, fries, slaw...today it was a tidy sandwich.  Flavor was still tasty, but the portion was significantly smaller.  I could almost Invision someone in the kitchen with a scale measuring 2oz of this, 1 oz of this.....hope this is not a permanent procedural change.  I will try the one by Pittsburgh Airport next time and if it is the same way, I will mourn the passing of a Pittsburgh original.
4	I go to this location usually about once a week. First, people, there is other food on their menu other than their famous sandwiches. Chili, salads, pizza and their grilled chicken breast sandwich are all very good. I never have liked their signature sandwiches, so they are not even an issue for me. Great selection of beers both on tap and in bottles. And the general manager has always been had an open ear to beer and wine suggestions. Good guy, and not afraid to pick up an occasional drink.Service has always been good/very good to both my wife and I. Either at a table or at the bar. They have a pair of twin sisters that work behind the bar who are very good at what they do and are always friendly. We choose to sit at the bar at least half of the time because of them. Considering some of the patrons they have to deal with sometimes, it's remarkable they maintain their consistently good service to their customers at the bar.The restaurant is almost always very clean, and that includes the bathrooms. Parking is great, although pulling out onto Washington Road is a little tricky when leaving while rush hour traffic is still in affect.Overall, a four-star place for us. Remember, it's Primant's, not Eleven in the strip. You're in, you're out, and if you get there on the right day of the week, the bartenders are great. What else do you want from a beer and food hangout??????
5	Very nice interior...updated rustic feel.  Service is solid and polite - especially for a primantis.  overall its a great addition to the area.
2	Meh. The foods great as always but idk about this location.. Way way too loud there all the time even when the game isn't on. I used to be crazy about Primanti's but not anymore.
2	I sincerely make an effort to try local favorites while I'm traveling and I've heard a lot of hype about Primanti's. Let me just say, for the record, carb on carb action is not really my thing. Frankly, french fries and sandwiches aren't really my thing. So together it was definitely scary. I sat at the bar for a late lunch. The staff was fine but mostly disengaged. I had an order of wings with the garlic parmesan sauce and a pittsburger (get it?) with an added egg. The wings were actually pretty good. I liked the sauce and it was fun to try something totally different compared to regular wing sauce. They had many other options of sauces that I would consider returning for. When the sandwich came out I could barely see the meat as it was overwhelmed by coleslaw and fries. Once I'd scraped off half of each of those to make it more mouth acceptable I noticed that the meat was pretty small compared to everything else going on here. And that it bore a concerning resemblance to a mcdonald's 'meat' patty. Hmm...Frankly, even if I liked french fries or sandwiches I don't think I would have liked this rendition. The french fries were, weirdly, simultaneously soggy but also a little undercooked. The patty was gross. I ended up leaving much of this behind. I even tried to drown it in ketchup but it still left me feeling kind of gross. The rest of the day I felt a little queasy. Not really a good experience.
2	Don't believe the hype. This place is really bad. The service is insanely sliw and unhelpful,  the atmosphere is pure bad-sports bar, and the food is all weirdly mushy and flavorless. It may be a tradition, but Pittsburgh has much better things to offer.  At least the prices are reasonable.
4	I know I'm known as a Primanti's hater, but if the one in The Strip was like this Mt. Lebo location, I'd have given it a better review. We took friends from Virginia here last weekend, and they loved it and can't wait to come back! I tried a sandwich with fried fish on it, and it was actually pretty good! This time the fries were crispy, and the slaw was a little sweet as well as tangy. The insides of this one are really cool and resemble a hunting lodge. It's clean (especially the restrooms) and spacious also, very much unlike the Strip District version. Our server was polite (also unlike the one in the Strip) and was very patient with my friend who has lupus and comes to Pittsburgh for treatment (her illness makes her lethargic and her brain foggy at times). In addition to the sandwich, I liked the pecan pie which came with awesome whipped cream (it wasn't from a can), vanilla ice cream, and was served in a large portion. They even have really good dill pickles. You get a whole one cut into fours per order! Give me this family-oriented version of Primanti Brothers anyday.
4	Another LONG day at work , the overtime is killin me. I need my Primanti fix , and decided to call them on the way home. (PS NEVER use directory assistance ! What a STUPID system !)After almost driving the Ford into a telephone pole , I got the phone number to this Primantis.I got a take out order of the WORLD FAMOUS Cheese steak and a big ole bowl of chili.The staff here is tuned better than a Swiss watch ! timing was impeccable. great price , fast & courteous.After getting home , I enjoyed my meal . I just wish they had a spicier chili, I used half a bottle of Tabasco sauce , and no crackers..I still recommend the take out ! Great Job Guys !
4	The sandwiches are large and even include the fries INSIDE it! Not usually a fan of coleslaw, but theirs is quite good. Not overwhelming in flavor, just enough to make it a unique addition to the sandwiches. Don't be surprised when you get the sandwich and there's no plate that comes with it. Worth a stop when you get a chance!
4	It was a fortunate day for me and my wife when we discovered this newest Primanti Brothers location a few months ago, just three miles from our home. The menu is extensive and everything is reasonably priced. Everything we have ordered in many visits in recent months has been delicious. We have enjoyed sandwiches, entrees, salad, cocktails, beer, and usually, pizza. We are partial to the delicious pizza, traditional or white, which is served only at suburban locations. The pizza toppings are generous and just $1.99 to $2.99 each on a huge 18" pie. For $5 more, one can receive up to five toppings. Every Tuesday and Thursday is family night, during which there is a great special: an 18" pizza with up to three toppings plus a pitcher of soda for $17.99. The selection of alcoholic beverages is great, and includes many draft beers. Most drinks and beers are half price from 5:00 to 7:00 p. m., including drinks that are served at tables in the restaurant, a nice bonus. This evening, I tried chicken parmesan with cheese on a bed of penne pasta. It was an excellent portion and one of the best versions of this dish that I have had in a long time. The staff is friendly, gracious, and attentive. The restaurant is attractive, spacious, and comfortable. It is great to be able to come here after a baseball game for a late night meal, and we have, receiving just as warm a welcome at 11:30 p. m. as we would at an earlier hour. There are two downsides: the place is usually loud and smoking is permitted on the lovely patio: not family-friendly.On one occasion that I expressed a concern through the website, the response was effective and gracious.Primanti Brothers is a great addition to Mount Lebanon: just what was needed in this neighborhood!  No wonder it is so popular!
2	Overhyped. I was disappointed with everything--the fries, Pitts-Burger and buffalo wings. Why is this place so famous?
5	My love affair with Primanti's goes back to my first visit to Pittsburgh. After a red-eye with a stopover in Detroit in the middle of December and a devastating 4-1 loss to the NY Rangers, I made my first ever visit to Primanti Brothers for a sandwich and beer. The little restaurant in Market Square welcomed me with open arms, beckoning my southern self out of the snow and into the world of their signature sandwiches.A few years down the road, I made my second visit on the way back from a job interview. Primanti's greeted me like an old friend, tempting me with Yuengling (I was living in Texas at the time) and cheese-filled comfort. Upon my move to Central Pennsylvania, the visits continued and the locations expanded. My order never changed (hello, one vegetarian sandwich!) and the quality never waivered. Soon after I started dating a Pittsburgher, we discovered a Primanti's only minutes away from his house. It was fate. Yes, definitely fate, if not fortune. It has become a weekly ritual for me to roll into town Friday evening after a 2-hour drive and ease my troubles at a wooden table with a big mug of beer and a slaw-filled sandwich. The service is always great--every single server and bartender I've encountered at any location has been laidback, genuinely friendly and attentive. They don't even judge the boyfriend when he burns his tongue on hot-out-of-the-kitchen pizza/fried zucchini/fried mushrooms/you name it.Service was a little slow on our last visit--a busy Saturday night with lots of sports on (forgive my ignorance--I only follow hockey.) Drinks came out quickly, so I had no problem with the wait for food. Our fried mushrooms arrived and my date and I glanced at each other uneasily--they were still cold in the center. No worries, though, we'll just ask them to stick 'em on the fryer for another minute. The manager was on the floor helping out the servers racing around to serve an abnormally large number of large groups and caught wind of the slip-up. He had already stopped by to apologize for the wait and bring more drinks, which was more than kind as it demonstrates the high standards of the restaurant.Sandwiches came out and we devoured them as usual. The manager surprised us by comping both of our rounds of drinks--totally unexpected. We would have gladly paid for everything since we were not upset or concerned at all about the mushrooms or the (not too long) wait, but he and our server assured us that they were committed to making sure guests had a great time and making it up to them if they didn't. WOW! Way to show customer appreciation!And that's why I love Primanti's.
4	Lodge like feel when you walk in. Not like your typical Primanti's. there is a big fireplace inside which will be pretty cool for cold season Steeler games. The food tastes the same as the rest of the Primanti's. Smallman street pickles are always the best.
3	We can only go here when out-of-towners come in requesting a visit. Each time I do go, I happily consume the tuna sand (complete with fries and other accoutrements), but I always leave feeling waaaay stuffed and massively guilty, worrying about what I've just done to my arteries. This is not healthy fare, but duh!  It's good tho, just don't be a regular! ;)
5	I regret that it is no longer possible for my wife and me to dine at Primanti's on Friday evenings.  The crowd is too enormous and the lack of reservations or phone-ahead seating causes the diner to have to wait a long period of time in a loud, congested waiting area.  Additionally, there is not adequate parking to accommodate the hordes, thus the diner may be riding round for a long time in order to find a space.  Many park in spaces that were not designed to accommodate vehicles, and which make it difficult to navigate through the narrow passages.  I will have to find another time to dine at one of my favorite spots.  Weekend nights at the dinner hour are out.
4	I feel like such a bad Burgher when I tell people I don't like Primanti's *hides*Let me back up. I was a Pgh transplant for five years when I went to Duquesne. Now I'm back in California (state). I had been to Primanti's a handful of times in college, on the Southside or the one in Market Square.I HAD NO IDEA THE OTHER LOCATIONS HAD SUCH A BIG MENU!!! I don't like coleslaw, and you "know" what happens in the city locations when you ask for a change to your sandwich! (kidding, kidding!!!!!!!!)Visiting the burgh earlier this month, a friend suggested this place, and since I hadn't seen her in quite awhile, I said "sure." I knew I could at least get chili or chili cheese fries...I was shocked when I saw the menu! I was just expecting the standard sandwiches!! I actually had to ask for more time to decide what I wanted!I went with a buffalo chicken sandwich (not one of their "regular" Primanti sandwiches with fries and coleslaw), and got some fried pickles. I was extremely happy with my choice.And I no longer dislike Primanti's :-)
4	I had heard all about this place from everyone when I said I was going to Pittsburgh for the weekend.  It was an interesting experience.  I got the Capicola and cheese and HOLY SANDWHICH BATMAN!  This thing was huge!  I made the mistake of ordering the fried pickles and a side of fries too because this sandwich alone would have done me in for a day.  Very flavorful and I would go again for sure.
5	Another memorable and great meal tonight, Thursday, 23 July 2014.  Friendly, gracious and attentive service from Kate/Katie; perfect weather on the outdoor patio; the greatest bargain in town: the Tuesday and Thursday Pizza Feast: for a mere $15.49, one receives a large, twelve-slice pizza with up to three toppings, a fresh family style, large salad with shredded cheese and carrot, tomato, cucumbers, purple cabbage, and tasty, large croutons, choice of delicious homemade dressings, and a pitcher of soda (or beer for an extra $3).  This meal easily serves four for less than the price of four mundane frozen dinners.  The atmosphere is comfortable because virtually every serviceperson is oriented to make the experience the most pleasant possible for the guest, who the employees treat like royalty. Primanti's has the winning formula; that is why I dine here again and again and again.  Pittsburgh is blessed that Primanti's calls our region home!
4	The Garlic Parmesan wings are delicious! Good price for satisfying (and rather larger portions of) food! It's a must-eat in Pittsburgh. Only thing is that some of the workers pronounce "gyros" wrong... Really made me cringe.
4	This is a food MUST if you're visiting Pittsburgh for the first time. I love a good sammie and when there are fries inside of it? OH MY!! Major deliciousness. There's a variety of sandwich options: salami, roast beef, pastrami etc... but all of then have fries with a coleslaw salad inside. Most sandwiches are really inexpensive. Around $5-$7. The wings here are also really yummy. They aren't breaded but are pretty meaty. I love this location especially since there's plenty of parking and good for families. The inside is a typical dive bar. There's a bar in the middle where you can watch the Pens game or whatever sports game is on. There are larger tables/booths inside. It's not 'fine'' dining but definitely good food if you just want to grab a bite to eat at a casual restaurant. I ordered a sangria here and it was HUGE. However, the taste was just so-so. It felt like the ice watered down the wine too much. I wouldn't order cocktails here.
4	What's not to like! Fries fries fries! Fries on everything! Apparently even the salads have fries on them. I had the pastrami and cheese! The portions were huge! And I love the fries on the sandwich! We also had the Smallman street fries which were fries with jalepeno, cheese, bacon and sour cream. Yummy! The waiter we had was super friendly and accommodating for the kids we had in out group.
3	Well, I guess I'm happy with leaving 3 stars. Like my previous review stated, I realy didn't like Primanti's when I lived here during college. I've been back tiwce since graduating (one in February from my last review) and once in July, when I brought my bf. He had heard all about the famous sandwiches, so he wanted to try one.My buffalo chicken sandwich wasn't quite as good as last time, and he was underwhelmed with his after hearing the hype. So, I think we'll leave it with 3 stars.Not the best restaurant, but not terrible, either.
4	OK, update time.  Have been to this Primanti's a few times this summer with a few different groups of friends.  We have had any number of the Starters, which are just OK, but then again it is a sports bar.  Have had a few different sandwiches and the When Pigs Fly was really tasty, with plenty of meat; could taste the different flavors of meat, egg and bacon.  The fries are not the crispy type so some will not like but others will.Each visit our service has been good.All in all, have had good service and decent food.  Always wonder why people expect more from a sandwich/sports bar.
5	If there is a better late night feast than Primanti Brothers' cheeseburger and fries, I do not know where to find it.  For the low price of $7.99, one receives a delicious half pound burger with choice of cheese and toppings, plus a generous order of Primanti's great french fries.  Couple this with the 9:00 p. m. to 11:00 p. m. happy hour where one can receive a glass of fine house wine for a mere $2.38, and the case is made to come to Primanti Brothers virtually every time my wife and I dine out after a Pittsburgh Pirates game (as well as coming here at other times). The restaurant excels with service as well.  Server Michelle, who took care of us on Saturday, September 13, 2014, is top-notch in every respect as is our good friend, Matt R.  The servers are somehow able to hear the diner above the frenzy that one can count on at the bar on Saturday nights. It is rare that one does not receive attentive, friendly service here. Residents of the area are fortunate to have an exceptional restaurant like Primanti Brothers in their backyard!
4	It's always a great place to watch the pens game. The food is good, lots of TVs, and great specials during the game. I think that my only complaint would have to be that it gets rather crowded and can be a long wait for a table.
3	My family grew up in the Wheeling W. Va. and Belaire, Oh. area, and connected with the steel industry when it flourished back in the day, thus, made us Steeler fans.It has long been told to me about this local chain, which was a Pittsburgh landmark, with a claim to fame by adding tomato, cheese, Cole slaw and french fries to their signature sandwiches and burgers.Well, the time had finally arrived...I found myself in Pittsburgh on some business, and headed straight to the nearest one.Decor is sports bar, much like a Roosters with, besides the sandwiches, menu is about the same...burgers, pizza, wing, ect.I got the Capicola ham and she got corned beef. We also shared 5 buffalo wings. As mentioned, with tomato, cheese, Cole slaw and french fries, these sandwiches are served hearty thick sliced white bread. You can get them in 3 sizes (meat portion) and options to add a fried egg and/or onions. I got a medium, she got a small, and neither of us opted for egg/onions option.Sandwich was huge! Tasted good too, but a little dry. The fries tended to over power it...too much potato taste. Removing some helped a lot. Next time, I would get the egg option to add some moisture.Chicken wings were also very good, but wing size was tiny...some of the smallest chicken wings Ive ever seen, but again, tasted good.Service was good and prices are reasonable, but to be completely honest, I was a little disappointed. maybe my expectation were too high, but with that being said, I most certainly would return.
