4	I work near this place and when I saw that it was open I was excited to have a new burger option.  I went in and ordered a 1/4 lb burger, fries, and a drink not looking at the prices.  I was shocked when the girl said the total was $14 and when I asked her to check again she said that was the correct price and that they sell all the items separately which is why it came out to that much.I can say the food here is good.  The burger was very tasty (meat marinated in red wine apparently) and the fries were good but price was high to say the least.  I know this place is close to Scottsdale but I think even Scottsdale folks will have a hard time swallowing a $14 burger combo.I hope the owner can come up with some lunch specials especially since many of the lunch time eaters are hungry office workers like me looking for a deal.
5	My boyfriend and I were going to see a movie and were looking to grab some food beforehand. As we passed by, the owner came out and shook our hands and asked if we wanted a 25 cent hot dog for their grand opening. Hell yes. The owner explained that the dogs and buns were gluten free and made with no hydrogenated oils which was huge for me, since I have a sensitive gut. My boyfriend was happy because Cajun fries. Overall service was great, the owner was enthusiastic and excited to make our experience good, and the food was delicious. A bit expensive for the combos but eh. It's north scottsdale.
3	My wife had a grilled hot dog and sweet potato fries while I had a Chicago Hot Dog, waffle fries and a soda all for $21.91.The food was good, but I was shocked by the cost of our lunch. I guess those prices might stick when the captive movie going crowd is looking for a quick bite before the movie but this local knows where there's a better bang for the buck at some other eateries in the area.
4	Good food and very friendly service! Great location at Scottsdale 101!
3	Just tried this place and I had an overall great experience. Very friendly and inviting. They are a little expensive and my food was a bit over cooked. I think once the dial it in they will be fine. I will defiantly give them a second try. Great concept.
5	New spot that has a great Wineburger. Grilled right there and then a large topping bar to customize it to taste. Also tried the Texas Fried Pickles. Very good breading and dipped in my own mix of ranch and jalapeno sauce from the topping bar.  Finish off with a Godiva Chocolate shake that was smooth and creamy and very good!  The decor is really cool with an old style theme of bygone years.  Art work and old license plates wuth a 60's and older theme.  Close to freeway and lots of shopping and theater right next door. Moderate prices but food is worth the price. Friendly staff that really wants to earn your business.
5	My girlfriend and I found this joint while looking on Yelp, and decided to give it a try. Walking in, it was a very friendly atmosphere and clean. The owners were the ones that helped us, and were very welcoming. We both got the half pound burger, and it was marinated in red wine, and it was actually quite incredible. We ordered the original and Cajun style waffle fries, which were excellent. We will definately be back!
5	Best Wine burger and regular burgers in Phoenix. It is a new place that we hope succeeds! Our son loves the hot dog and the waffle fries are incredible! Delicious, high quality food, reasonable prices and the nicest owner. Great ingredients for a successful business! It is a must have!
5	Lucky to have this place!  Locally sourced, unpretentious and yummy.  My kids consume the burgers and dogs in record time.  Marisa and I love ours too.  She always gets the Paris Texas Red Yam Fries.  I get the great waffle fries.  Hamburger is marinated 24 hours in red wine.  Toppings are great, be sure to ask for grilled onions.  Never new red chili paste can really make a burger.  The mayonnaise-free slaw is great by itself or as a topping.I'm sure to lose my Duke status after others discover it.
5	Ok, I have a confession to make, I love hot dogs.  I don't eat them very often, because I LOVE hot dogs.  I have not had a hot dog in over three years, then I read about Lucky's and I wanted to check it out.  I have had two hot dogs in one week.  I feel so guilty, but they were so delicious.  I love that you can custom dress them the way you like.  Once they grill them, they hand them to you and you go to their "salad bar" type topping area.  The mayo free slaw was super yummy.  I also had the Paris Texas yams and the waffle fries.  Yes, I had a meal that required more than two hours at the gym, but it was well worth it.  My little boy wolfed down his hamburger.  They marinate the meat for 24 hours, so it is very flavorful.  I want to try the veggie burger, the way the owner described it, sounded so incredible appetizing.  She said it is her blend of quinoa, brown rice, yams and something else I don't remember.  When the kids are done eating, they get a free ice cream cone.   This kind of meal is an indulgence for me, and I am glad it is so close to my home.
4	The people who work their take pride in their food, the owner explained all of the effort to get the right quality ingredients.  I found their hot dogs tasty, although I prefer thinner dogs rather than thick dogs.  The flavour of the burgers are great.  And they let you put all types of condiments on your food.  Their shakes are amazing, using the best ice cream.  Their prices were reasonable.
2	Food was okay, but kinda plain. Wasn't sure if there was seasoning on the burger or not. The cashier also said we had to use all of the $40 on one visit, which it does not say on the groupon, so beware
2	I had a Yelp Deal so I invited a friend & her 2 kids, thinking $50 would be plenty for hamburgers and fries for our group of 7.  Our bill came to almost $100, that's almost $15 per person!! Now, the owners were extremely accommodating and the food was good overall, locally sourced,  made special, no nitrates,  etc, but we probably we won't be returning based on the price point alone. Might be good for a date night, but not large group.
