3	In Montreal for the All-Star Game cuz there are just some things you have to do before you die. We found this place close to the Hotel, and when it's 13 degrees outside, we're not that picky! This place was pretty good, but I wouldn't go if you're in a hurry. The service was, let's just say relaxed. The food was good, and the big screen TV's were fun, but the desert was outstanding. So if you're in the mood for descent Italian, and not in a hurry, or it's late, your freezing, and you feel your stomach eating itself, this place will be right up your alley.
4	Straight and to the point--- nice atmosphere, large portions, and we liked what we ordered, there was lots of flavour and good bread. It wasn't anything to write home about, but we didn't leave disappointed and that matters a lot when you're travelling (I would learn this lesson later at another restaurant). We would go back.
2	This place is wonderful if you enjoy microwaved dishes. It's not even worthy a review.
4	We dined here for dinner during our June 2010 vacation in Montreal and had and wonderful experince. We happened upon this restaurant which was located close to our hotel. The food was excellent and the service was kind and attentive. The stars of this menu were the fresh homemade pasta dishes. I had "THE BEST" pasta dish I've ever enjoyed which was their Fresh Fettucini with Smoked Salmon. It was divine. I could've probably inhaled 3 more plates of this just thinking back on it now. I seriuosly had seperation anxiety for the next few days thinking back to this dish. My mom had the Mushroom Risotto which she loved. They made a  little Alfredo Penne Pasta dish for my daughter and my wife enjoyed their Chicken Parmigana dish with Spaghetti. (I think she's the only one who ever orders this ) :) They also provide fresh warm baked bread with Olive Oil that my wife, daughter and mother devoured. I felt he prices were very reasonable and the portions were generous.Overall we had a great experiance here and I would definitely return again if only to re-order that Fettucini with Smoked Salmon.
1	I decided to try this place with family during my trip to Montreal. The menu was looking good and it was totally packed inside. The more people you see inside means it's a good place, right? Wrong!We were seated by a kind server who took forever to come back just to get our drink orders. The drinks arrived, and the server disappeared again for a long time. Finally, our orders were taken and the food took forever to come, and when they dishes were presented to us, they were slapped on the table and off went the server into a far away land. I didn't like my food at all, nor did anyone else at the table. It was bland and boring, also pretty expensive for the poor quality you received and the dinky portions. I ordered a risotto which was bland and small and cost around $20!I'm going to avoid this place during my next visit to Montreal.
4	Today's lunch special (pasta de la jour, pizze de la jour) are good. Staff is friendly. Good choice!
4	I had the lunch special.  It was good.  The bread was good and warm.The portions are huge (at least for lunch) because you get soup or salad, bread, and a huge plate of your entree.The location is huge.
1	This was the worst food I have ever had. I paid 100$ for a meal for two including tip and it was not at all worth it. I had their pizza which was absolutely disgusting, their appetizer (I think it was almost like their take on cheese poppers or similar) was so gross I couldn't even eat it. It was a complete waste of money and I will never go back. Ruined my entire anniversary going to this waste of space.
3	A friend and I came here so I could get dinner and he could have something to nibble on for dessert since he already had eaten dinner. I had wanted to come here for a while and didn't expect that I'd slip in tonight because I couldn't think of anywhere else to eat that wasn't fast food. There were not very many people in the place but it was well staffed. i splurged and decided to order the linguine with seafood which is what I usually order when going out for Italian food. It was good, but not quite as tasty as I've had it in other restaurants. Therefore, I felt that 24 dollars was a little steep for what it was. For a well-staffed eatery, service was slow and inattentive. It took a very long time for our waiter to come and take our order and it was difficult to catch his eye when we needed something. I suppose they were tired after a long day of work and were preparing to close for the night. I will come back, but hopefully things will be a little more lively.
1	Simply terrible nothing else to say
4	We came here for dinner when we were visiting Montreal. We didn't know much about the place so we took a chance. It was great!The food here was delicious and cooked very well. I had the wood oven pizza and it was delicious. The staff was friendly. We explained to our waiter that we did not speak french and he was so kind that he tried his best to explain all the dishes to us in english. We didn't feel any sort of discrimination from the restaurant staff at all. Our order was taken in a timely manner and our food arrived faster than we expected. It was a saturday night and the restaurant was busy but the staff there worked in great time.
1	The food was below average. It was mediocre Italian food and the portions were fairly small for their price. The service was awful, water was not refilled nor was our waiter around when we needed the bill. I barely saw our waiter, I had to ask another waiter for out bill. A nearby table had a basket of bread, we however never saw one at our table. The service was inattentive.When the food came it was rancid, stale, and possibly old. My girlfriends fish didn't seem fresh and it was undercooked. She also got very little fish in her seafood linguine, for what the plate cost, this was infuriating. The food was overpriced, especially since it was mediocre, rancid, and inedible. It was also impossible to complain, because our waiter never came by to see how our meal was. Neither of us finished our meal because we couldn't digest half of it, nor did we have the desire to.I would not recommend this restaurant to others, not unless you enjoy mediocre, raw, rancid, small portioned, and expensive Italian food, with pathetic service and a poorly lighted restaurant atmosphere.
4	Made a reservation on same day here. The food was good very good. We spent about $30 per person with drinks and just ordering the main dishes. Pasta runs $10-15 and meats average $20-25. Appetizers run $8-12. The plates are very big. I recommend the pasta with clams, very well made! Service was okay.
4	I used to visit Montreal several times a year and always looked forward to my G&A's visit. I've never had a service problem at G&A's whether in a couple or larger group service was always prompt with refills and just generally attentive. Very nice ambiance and reasonable prices. Veal stuffed tortellini is what keeps me coming back. I've had other things on the menu but the tortellini just hits home. In the end I've never left G&A's unsatisfied.
3	Hey! for Canada....well done!  sure beats the olive garden by a long shot.
3	I was craving Italian food for supper this evening so walked to Guido & Angelina.It was fairly quiet when I got there about 6:15ish.I sat at a table by the window ... a great spot for people watching.  Alas, there were lots of smokers walking by, both cigarettes and the illegal kind.My red wine was good.Megan was my server and took good care of me.She brought me some bread.  It was really hard and crusty on the outside and I just had a small piece.I ordered lasagna.  It was made with fresh pasta and the portion was B-I-G.  Though it didn't say in the description, I think there was a lot of parm cheese in it ... and I hate parm cheese.  It would have been so much better without it.When I left about 7:30ish, the restaurant was fairly crowded.
1	head of the waiters very rude and not welcome the presence of little children and also reserving we were not offered a suitable table to sit down with strollers close, poor quality compared to a real Italian pizzeria. Perhaps.........before calling it ESPRESSO ITALIANO would be advised to try one true.not enough to give the name to the Italian food to make an Italian restaurant, and an Italian restaurant should be welcoming, sorry but they must improve to afford the Italian taste. positive note, our waiter was very kind.
4	I have visited this restaurant twice now and both times come away happy.  The pasta is homemade and delicious.  The waiters are always very nice to me, the single business traveler.   I have read the reviews about the slow service and have to say that I am guessing that the chef is from Italy and if this restaurant was in Italy the service would be speedy but they are right that this isn't a place to get in and get out quickly.  It is more of a place to sit and enjoy you food and wine!
4	I don't tend to give too many 5 on 5's, so really it's a 4 plus. The only things that brought it down, were our plates being taken away too quickly or left too long once finished - minor, but still relevant. The other slight take away, was that my dish was a little overly rich/salty (I believe the black rice was doused in butter or the like and capers are pretty much a salt substitute). Overall the dish (filet of trout over black rice and green beans) was delish. Maybe it's a good thing that it was rich and filling, because I took a portion home for a next day reprise. We shared a Bruschetta starter, which was above the average. The special menu included a cherry tomato and three (bell) pepper salad, and there ended the healthy portion of the meal. A serious slab of Lasagna was also enjoyed and barely finished, due to being pretty stuffed or just wanting to cram a pretty decent Cannoli and Maple cake into our happy gullets. Now I know why mint tea is known as a digestion aid. Despite the cutesy name, this place doles out a satisfying "yet non - mom and pop" Italian dinner. PS It's 'tres' date friendly.
3	One of those places on St. Catherine where you go when you don't know where else to go. Convenient when you just finished shopping with friends and you guys just want a place to rest your legs and a meal. It's never full so seating is quick and immediate. The food is decent enough for the price and the portions can fill two small stomachs. (especially if you munch on the bread)
