3	The Food at PT's was very good. The waitress was also very good. The WAIT however, was very long. There were only the two parties in the place when we arrived, so I'm guessing that's why it took so long, but waiting an hour for food seems like a bit much. Also, if you like torturing yourself, be sure to try the Guinness Float. You'll be sorry you did.
3	There have to be hundreds of reviews for PT's Pubs out there, but here is mine for this particular PT's...While I have been in a lot of PT's they commonly share a dark cave feel and in all honesty I do not care to haunt such places as a habit, but this PT's was anything but a cave. The decor we decidedly modern and cozy at the same time. Indirect light made it easy on the eyes and plenty of screens to catch your eye. In a word... comfortable.The waitstaff is good and attentive without being bothersome. There are so many places where the TIP starved servers are a constant annoyance you want to scream, but not here (probably because they get enough business.) The management hires good people it would seem.The food. Yeah... the food. In short, the food is fine but for the quality and/or quantity for the price you are paying maybe not so much. I do not know why PT's thinks it has such good food, but it is pedestrian when you get down to it. Burgers are fine (a bit pricey) and fries are a bit limp, the specials taste reheated and some of the side taste like they are out of a box. All this does not make it bad (it comes out of a good box) it is just the cost vs. price factor that pushes my button here.Now for the rub... at least for me. I like good service and I like good food and I would like it at a reasonable price and this place is so close to my balance point for one of my "Cheers" spots (in other words a place I can be a regular at) it kinda hurts. So our bill for two ends up at $30 as opposed to $25, why be cheap? Well because that $5 over a year is like $800 a year. You would think in the neighbor they are in the prices would be a bit less but I guess not. Also, this is  a growing neighborhood and they benefit from the lack of any good choices close by, which may change.(The thing is, if the prices were a bit more in line they may indeed get more people and may also get more video poker regulars too, but I may be wrong.)(I have to also mention that we had an unfortunate issue with our food last time there, we hope that their spice shakers are cleaned and refilled with fresh, un-infested spices.)So, all things considered and the lack of local choices this will make my "Cheers List", I just will be cheery less often.
5	Thursday nights: Karaoke :) Awesome-nessEvery night from 4-7 and after midnight pizza, beer and shots are 1/2 off.Football games: $2 Beer.Their Gilroy Pizza is PERFECTION.
2	I can't eat here any more. I get sick every time.
5	Great food, great atmosphere, great specials!! They have 1/2 off on pizza, beer and shots every night from 4-7 and after midnight. $2 Beer on football nights.
4	Had some good food & cold beers.Food took way too long, but they made it right for us, and I can't complain.Get the chili-cheese tots bucket, well worth it!
4	Not too shabby, but man... it takes forever to close out on a tab or to get a chance to order a beer or pay for it. I mean, i get it... busy night, but seriously? 25 minutes to pay for a beer... come on. but i'm not holding it against them since it was a busy night. Its literally like a mile away from our house, so i think they'll be seeing more of me :)
4	Has the most AMAZING Nachos I have ever had!! Perfect bar food and the staff is great!! Happy hour is always good to me and my friends!! :D
1	I finally came around to eating here. I'm sorry PT, but not satisfied. I'd probably only come here again because we have no choice because we usually only come here for good-bye parties, so if you're coming here just for drinks, you'll be fine... (for the most part, besides the fact that they take about 20 min to bring you out your beer, and another 15 mins to get your check.) However, their food is not that great... We ordered a pepperoni pizza, it sucks. and definitely wasn't worth 20 bucks for a pizza. Call me cheap, but I happen to find pizza places like hungry howies or lil caesars WAY better than this. We were even there at happy hour and our bill was still 20 bucks for just a pizza. Unless the pizza was originally 40 bucks, then i guess i got the happy hour discount, but i'm sure it wasn't. But after as long as it took for us to get our check, I didn't want to deal with the waitress because i didn't want to be there all night. Pizza took over a half hour to get there, and another 45 mins to get our check. It wasn't even worth 20 bucks in any way. It was flavorless, plain, yuck. We couldn't eat all of it so we just started giving them away lol.The same thing with our buddies. He advised us to not order thru a waitress and go to the bar because it took forever to get his pizza and beer, so when we went to the bar instead, they wouldn't take out order because we weren't "technically" sitting at the bar. Way I look at it is... We were still in the bar area, so who gives a shit!?! so we had to order thru a waitress. No big deal... it ONLY took about 30 mins to find a waitress. geez, what does it take to get some service around this place? Fuck PTs. Thats all I have to say.
3	This location is kind of hidden behind the Smiths.I like the local vibe. Great place to go after work or just to catch up with friends. They have two happy hours 5pm-7pm and 12am-3am where you can get 50% off drinks and appetizers. Drinks are pretty cheap without the happy hour special.Service is a hit or miss.Pool tables at PTs would really increase the rating.
5	This is the spot to watch the games on Sunday and they have the best happy hour in Vegas.  Perroni on tap!  Half off all drinks during happy hour!
4	Here we go.....well my wife and i frequent this pts and we always have mixed feelings....sometimes they bend over backwards to make our pts outing one to remember but other times they simply dont care and just do there own thing and make us feel almost unwelcome. We only go during happy hour for the drink specials and we also try to make football games for the half priced pizzas and other goodies...so i give them 4 stars only because the times we went were really good and they did everything they could and lacking 1 star because im still bitter from the other experiences......
3	Since BWW Centennial changed management, we are loath to go there for the absolutely horrible service (with the exception of one particularly good waitress). So, it being a while we thought we would try PT's again. Let's just say that so far so good. I will write a full review later if it is warranted after a few visits.
4	I maybe a little jaded on my view of the place. since i usually go late night. service is always been welcoming. drinks promptly served. so i have no gripes about the place.
4	My favorite PT's. It's the nicest and cleanest PT's I've been to in the whole Valley so far. The place is huge! All the staff is super nice and on top of your drinks. Beers are served on tall blast chilled beer mugs; super cold and crisp. Their food is sooo yummy. I personally love their pretzel bites with cheese and honey mustard sides. The burgers are also super juicy and delish. PT's has a Beer & Bites point program; a reward program based on dollars spent, points earned. I think the program is a cool thing because you get special discounts. My friend had her card with her and my humongus beers were like $5! I really enjoy my beer and watching TV at the bar. The TV screens are not huge and view sucks in certain angles but they always have a variety of channels playing.
1	I am new to Vegas and was looking for a low key bar to hang out at.  Alot of people had said Pt's was a good spot so we decided to check it out.  Probably will never go back again.  When we got there the girl who greeted us was very nice, we decided to go sit at the bar.  The bartender was very rude.  It took her about 5-10 minutes to come up to as after we had sat down.  (maybe 4 or 5 other people at bar)  We both ordered a beer, took about ten minutes to get them.  When she brought them she put them on the edge of the bar, on her side, we were not sure if we were supposed to get them or wait for her.  I am not asking her to put them in our hands but she just put them there and walked away.  We stayed for about 30 minutes, we were never offered a menu or asked if we needed anything else.  She spent most of her time on the other side of the bar talking to what seemed to be a waitress.  It is a nice bar,very clean but the whole time we were there we felt like we were a burden to her.
4	Finally some good service!!  You have redeemed yourself.Moved out here close to 2 years ago and was looking for that pub or bar close to my home, somewhere that I can call home, and somewhere that would treat me well.  This PT's is located fairly close to me and was actually one of the first PT's I've been to.  My first couple of experiences at this location wasn't so good. I had experienced everything from bad food to poor service.  Nothing is worst than sitting at a bar and never being acknowledge.  At least twice, me and friends just walked out. We almost felt like they didn't care about new customers.  Then I started hitting up other PT's around Las Vegas to realize the issue was just this location. I had great service and a good food experience at other PT's.  I'm even at a PT's located in the southwest at least once a month.  Why can't I get that type of service here?  I almost swore that I would never come back to this location. Fast forward almost 2 years later and I decided to give this place a try again. Honestly, I was hungry one night, was in the mood for their "Mardi Gras Chicken" and didn't want to do dishes at home.  I told myself that if I got the bad service like I did the last couple of times, I'd never come back.   Well, PT's didn't disappoint this time.  Not only was the service 10 times better, but the food here was just as good as the other PT's.  I'm not stating that PT's has food to die for.  The food at PT's consist of your typical bar grill type food, which means usually fried food.  This is food you are to expect at a pub/bar anyway.  Their Mardi Gras Chicken, Wings, and Nachos are a must try though.   6 times a charm I guess!  I just hope my last visit wasn't an anomaly.  We'll find out soon.
4	this is my regular hang out. i have had my ups and downs here. it changes as the staff changes.  my hubby and i were here a lot for awhile, then had multiple bad experiences and stopped coming. when we finally returned all the staff had been replaced and the service was much better.  we usually get good service now because we know people that work there. but i have to admit, sadly, that we have pretty shitty service from the ones we dont know.  we still come here because it is convenient, we like the people we do know, and this is where our friends come.  but i am disappointed with the service from the new staff.  they take too long to greet you and its hard to get refills.  the waitresses do not come around often enough and it can take awhile sometimes to get your food and drinks.  i like it much better when the people we know are serving us, needless to say.however, i have liked every food item i have ever ordered.  the food is delicious! especially if you have had a few drinks ;) the best time is to go during happy hour when you can get the pizzas half off with your PTs card. but i still like their tots better.
1	The food is okay, but the service is bottom of the barrel.  I wait maybe 15mins to even get a "I'll be with you in a moment" when it's seriously dead in there. Even though I'm patient and make my order they act very like I'm wasting there time and give me pretty bad attitude. Just because you have huge breast doesn't give you the right to talk to people like there second class citizens because I don't come to your bar religiously.
1	I normally love PT's but this was the first time to this particular location and it was terrible! I didn't catch the name of the waitress but it was the one with black hair and covered in tattoos. Upon arriving at our table she had an attitude and she didn't bother to greet us. The first words out of her mouth were "I.D.s please" Not a "hello".  When one of us in the group showed her a passport she looked at her  and with a snotty tone asked "um where's your  birthday".  She seemed really bothered we were even there. Then when we order nachos (THE ONLY ONES ON THE MENU) she said  (again with an attitude) which ones??  The real question should have been "do you want to add chicken or steak?"  The food came out and it was amazing! No complaints about that.  Then when we were leaving we asked if she could split the check. Two of us on one bill (with what they ordered) and three of us on the other bill (with what we ordered).  She had again had an attitude about it and brought the bill back with every item cut in half the two bills were the same amount she seriously cut every item in half. For instance, a $4.00 drink was on both receipts but put into two dollars on each receipt totally defeating the purpose. Two of us at the table are servers and it seemed like a simple request.  I've never had a server in life as terrible as her and with such a horrible attitude.
5	Go for the wings!!
3	very disappointed in the the amount of food they are charging a arm and leg for. 10 jumbo wings for $11.99 comes with fries. wings are no where near jumbo and the amount of fries that comes with it is equal to the "bucket of fries " for $7.99.  beer good. wait staff is great especially Natasha & Angel are the best.this site won't let me give 0 stars so one for food but I'd give the 5 to the ladies.Upon speaking with Jen she graciously made the night and meal right. thanks Jen.
5	I have been here multiple times, before I started using yelp even. The bartenders are always polite and will find some way to get you talking or laughing. Its a great place to go relax after work and just sit and drink with some buddies.
1	The reason why I am giving this place a 1 is over exceeding it. It should be a negative 5 star. My friends and I usually come here all the time since they live across the street. And my friend walks up to the bar and asks a simple question regarding a beer to see if there was a difference and the bartender replies "well obviously it's fucking different" with an attitude and the server stated that we should not go to the bar since she is our servicer. So does that mean you're not allowed to go to the bar to order drinks if your sitting down? The customer service from the bartender is terrible. His name is Mikey. That's just so rude for him to be a smart ass. We will never come here again!
5	The bartender Justin is very attentive and up spirited!! Definitely a nice addition to the bar!
2	This was the first time I went to this location. It was Friday night but it wasn't busy at all. We were in the pool room in the back. The server managed to come around about every 45 minutes, and when she did she would ask 1 of us if we were good and then leave. The last time she came around she asked if we were good and I said, "2 more please." When she came back over a half hour later we asked where the drinks were and she said that we said we were good. Then she continued to argue with us when we told her we asked for 2 more. We left shortly after and were surprised to see a gratuity of 18% charged automatically to our bill for the two of us. I know that's common practice for a group of 6 or more, but for 2 people?I dot think I will be coming back to this place anytime soon. Drinks are a bit expensive but not terrible for the area. Interior is nice. Didn't get any food so idk how that is.
4	This was a go-to bar when I lived in the area, and at first I liked it, then hated it, then loved it. I wouldn't say they have 4 star drinks and food, but the service, combined with the ambiance, combined with the food/drinks brings them to a solid 4. There's two pool tables here, a nice bonus when you're bored with chilling at the bar. This location is always clean, and they have a decent dining room if you don't feel like sitting in the bar at all. The food is pretty good, I prefer the pizza here, and they usually have featured special menu items and drink prices. Prices are a bit high, especially on the pizzas. The TVs aren't the best for watching a game, as some are quite small. Depending on your bartender, the service can be hit or miss (typical of many bars, of course). The best bartenders here were Paul and Jen, although they may or may not still work at this location. If they do, it's a good overall experience with some very good drinks!
5	I've been to several PTs & bars & wow! I love this PTs thankx to Jen.  She's awesome! Very outgoing & attentive.  She has the best customer service ive ever seen!! 5+ stars
1	The bartender stayed on the phone almost the entire time. Never once asked about our food. She was too worried about her 2 buddies on the other side of the bar. This was during lunch. Also no seasoning on the fries and never brought blue cheese as requested.
