1	The people here are awful! My first visit became my LAST! My husband came here also and hated his experience too! Don't go here!
1	I wish I read reviews on yelp before sending my daughter to this dental office.  What an abolsute nightmare!!!  First, they take my daughter in for xrays.  We waited & waited to have the dentist look at her xrays.  The Dr just tells me that there's too much work to be done on her & she'll have to be referred to the OR, which is fine.  But when I asked what kind of work, no one told me.  I had asked the dentist, her assistant, and even the receptionist.  NOTHING!!!  They said my daughter will be on antibiotics.  I had to come back for the prescription because they didn't even write it down on her chart what she needed, so that added another 30 minute wait.  It's been a week now, with no one to contact.  I've called everyday, at least 3x a day, looking for this referral.  Apparently, the person I need to contact is at all locations.  So it's hard to catch her!!  Why am I doing the run around when they are the ones who told me they will be calling me?  This is such a horrible experience & I warn everyone NOT to go there.  Still waiting for my referral, but I will complain to my insurance about this place and demand another dental office.  I called today, & was on hold..... then finally.... without even saying hello.. the person hangs up on me!!!!!  NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!!!!
1	do not ever go to this dentist !  been a patent there a while and after missing one cleaning i come to the office for a regular cleaning the dr dentist tells me i need 11 cavities filled a deep cleaning  and denied me a regulare cleaning and all thay did was take x rays i said all i want is a cleaning and thay refuse my service because thay insisted that i need a deep cleaning because of  my gums and my plac build up i said i do not have any pain the dentist says well some times you wont always have pain !!! so she still refuse my service and gave me est of everything that i would have to pay  $ 1288.00 out of pocket !!! and my mouth drop i quickly got up  and just left  and said i will not call you for my next appt becaise there will not be one with them. my insurance is just ok but i was disguested on how i was treated and thay were takeing advantage of me because i mis one appt.  so people please dont take your kids there or your self  ! you willl be taken advantage of when you know that thay are. you will know that when it hapeneds .
5	I am surprised by all of the negative reviews. I have been a patient here for a year and a half and I have been completely happy with their work. I have my teeth cleaned regularly, had a couple cavities filled and a root canal. I have always had a reasonable wait time and no pain. Over the years I have been to 4 other dentists in town and this is the only one I have went back to.
1	I've been to this place years ago, with different staff and I was happy. NOW, the staff isn't customer friendly at all. No one smiles or greets you. I had an appointment for Saturday afternoon, which I thought "Wow, convenient!" NOT! By the time I got back there, to see the results of my sons x-rays, the dentist told me I would need to reschedule because more work MAY need to be done but there was no guarantee and I see everyone was packing up. I thought to myself, then why did you schedule me if you knew why I came here in the first place? I went to check out and while the front desk rep was helping me; her coworker comes up and starts asking her about a personal preference. I looked at her, like really, she is busy right now rude lady, come back when she's done with me. Then I look outside and the dentist is outside leaving before I could get out of the office. Now wonder she didn't want to take her changes preforming a filling, she was ready to go! Customer service 101, if your last client takes longer than expected; you stay there and finish the job. If there needs to be more work done, then reschedule. Just don't run x-rays and say come back later. I called my insurance and schedule an appoint with the dentist down the street. I work to hard for my money to give it away to people who don't care about their customers.
1	This place is awful I take my daughter here for Ortho and she z it to the point that she leaves crying every-time . They are very rude and disrespectful  and very unprofessional. My problem is that I Already paid more than half the money and have no choice now. I would never recommend this place to anyone.
5	Why are all these reviews so damn negative?? I'm confounded. Most people seem to have complaints that involve their children. I don't have any kids so I wouldn't be able to comment on that aspect. I've been going to this Absolute Dental in the Albertson's shopping center for about 4 years, and I've never had cause to be upset. I've always left Absolute Dental in a chipper mood, or at least as happy as I can possibly be leaving the dentist. ;) I love my hygienists! They love to talk and let me know about their families, and they're just really nice people. I usually have a different dentist every time I visit but on my last appointment, this dentist was particularly memorable. She was a younger gal with a great sense of humor. I hope to see her again!At checkout, the front desk ladies give you a card with your next appointment date and time on it. The day before your appointment, they give you a call to remind you to come in. These are very helpful for forgetful people like me!
1	I wasn't too happy on my first visit but decided I would give it a try anyway since my first was just consultation. On my second visit I went in for a filling and the Dentist seemed to be frustrated about what I was getting done, he kept asking questions and "explaining" what he thought should be done which confused me. He then injected the anesthesia and had me waiting for over 30 mins before he started working on me. The dental assistant was taking the tools out of the sterilized packaging touching them with her bare hands while touching other things like cabinet handles and equipment. I won't be going back to this place. The one star is for customer service from one particular employee who was very pleasant.
