5	I was skeptical of what seemed expensive service but, Peggy, the woman on the phone said I would be amazed with the service and how clean the house would be, I bit. I was surprised when when a small army of well dressed women showed up in a company car, they made short work of my home that was in need of a serious deep cleaning. I deal with quite a bit of dust living in the NW Valley on a horse property and I just am not the best housekeeper, The Maids, made up for my shortcomings in cleaning. I am trying to be a better housekeeper but I do think I will have them in once a month to keep the house at a level that it should be at. I think overall they were a good value and my house is clean and smells good.
5	We have our home professionally deep-cleaned once a year, but have never been happy enough to rehire the same company--until now. The Maids did an incredibly good job cleaning our home.  It took 2-1/2 hours for four hardworking ladies to complete the task.  We are not easy to please, but look forward to rehiring them again soon. I was truly impressed, and still haven't found any spots they missed.  Do yourself a favor and call Peggy at The Maids.  It will be a decision you will thank yourself for as soon as they walk out your door and leave your home sparkling clean.
5	Girls showed up on time. We did an entire walk through, addressing all of our needs. The girls worked efficiently and did not cross contaminate. Only a couple minor areas of detail missed, but way better than other maid services I have had out here (The Maids are still deserving of a 5 star review). I am confident on our next visit, when I point out my minor issue - it'll be professionally rectified. The vacuuming was my favorite part, you could literally see they did not miss a spot! The girls were very friendly, and I will have them back again. Yes, this service is slightly more expensive than your other maid services, but the attention to detail is worth it to my husband and I.
5	Impeccable Service!  That is it in a nutshell.  Like other posters here I get nervous with maid services because I have had some awful experiences.  Like several maids crowded in one restroom talking on their cell phone instead of cleaning.  But the minute I opened the door and The Maids were standing there, with all of their equipment, professionally dressed, good English speakers, and on time, I was super impressed!  They walked through my home with me and listened to my concerns, then they spread out and immediately got to work.  There was no chit chatting and no giggling, they respecfully put shoe covers over their shoes and got busy!  I have never ever seen anything like it!  The house was cleaned so thoroughly, I called all of my friends and told them what I had witnessed.  They did not "dawdle" to stretch out the time, like little miss cell phone users before them.  Every nook and cranny was cleaned and fresh when they were done.  I opted for the deep clean as my first service, blinds, ceiling fans, window sils and all glass in the home sparkles.  The price was great and worth every cent!   I am definitely now a regular customer!
5	The owner was super nice and really takes pride in her business I would recommend checking this place out if Your looking for a good cleaning
5	I am so pleased with The Maids!  We had A LOT of post-construction dust throughout our home.  Noble Cleaners recommended them.  Regal was great- professional and friendly on the phone.  The ladies were on time, hard working, and had great attention to detail.   I double-checked the top of the doors, fan blades, window blinds, cabinets, and any other flat surface- they did not miss any dust at all!  They were very thorough with their deep cleaning.  Thank you so much making my house sparkly-clean again!!!
1	Left them a voicemail almost a week ago and never received a call back.
