4	I brought my Mini Cooper here for a broken clutch slave cylinder, which was replaced under warranty, and they took care of it quickly and courteously.  They even helped me work with Mini Roadside Assistance to get my car transported back down to Tucson for me.  The only reason they get 4 stars is because they were a little pushy with their overpriced "recommended services" that they wanted to add on top of the warranty service.  Thanks, but I'll go to a local, non-dealership service center for that.
5	Fantastic buying experience. The best experience buying a car that I've ever had. The staff is courteous and extremely helpful. They seem to really believe in the product they represent. Could not ask for more. The next time I need a Mini, and it may not be that long, I'll be at Mini of Tempe to see Donald Hull and the finance man - Nick Froehlich.Dan Neideffer
5	This review ends with me driving away in a sleek, white MINI, with a huge smile on my face!  The entire process, from test driving to signing papers, was enjoyable, pleasant even! I worked with "Smitty" who treated me like a father would treat his very spoiled daughter! He literally held my hand from the first test drive to financing to showing me how to use my new MINI. Best car buying experience of my life. Not to mention a hot little car. 5+ stars for MINI of Tempe!
5	We just purchased a Mini Countryman at Mini Tempe.  We had a great buying experience and were particularly impressed with Donald Hull, one of the sales team there.  He made the whole thing very enjoyable and we didn't feel pressured at all, which was very important to my husband and I.  We usually hate the new car buying experience but this time it was a breeze and they couldn't have been more accommodating!  We highly recommend Mini of Tempe and especially Don.
1	Don't bother ordering a car from this place if you want good service.  Absolutely no communication, poorly trained sales staff, and no consistent answers among staff.  Each person tells you something different.  If you are looking for a good sales experience don't waste your time at Mini of Tempe.  Mini Scottsdale appears to have a much more knowledgeable staff . . . or better yet go out of state.
5	I went in to get a new Mustang convertible at Mini of Tempe and I was taken care of as if I was family, no surprise since Penske is a family owned company.  Their staff went above and beyond for me, everyone was a joy to speak with and hed an overall wounderful experience.                                                     Steve   Scottsdale, AZ
1	I wouldn't come here again. We were going to buy a car, but didn't end up getting it and the lady was so unprofessional. She texted my husband 10 minutes after we left bothering him about the car.
2	Nice dealership with excellent techs. My challenge with this dealership is the pricing. I have a great service advisor named Derick and he tries to help but the corporate pricing is higher than real retail pricing or comparable alternatives. If they would drop the pricing to be competitive, they would have a lot more customers.
3	I bought my car at the Scottsdale location so I can't comment on the sales staff.  But I have brought it here for service a couple of times and they were a-ok.
2	I had a small oil leak. I took my car in on Tuesday. They said it was an O ring. They replaced it and did an oil change for me. It wasn't until Thursday when I was getting ready to go to work. There was a larger oil leak than before they did the work. I called they got me in as soon as I got there. They said the housing for my oil filter was leaking. So they needed to replace that. If they did my oil change and changed my filter on Tuesday wasn't that something that would have been noticeable? They repaired it. Everything was under warranty thank goodness. All the staff are super friendly. I say just double check to make sure things they say are done really get done.
1	There are things that Mini of Tempe needs to learn about consumer service.  Today I dropped off my Mini Cooper S for a scheduled recall maintenance appointment.  I was given an Avis rental Honda Civic instead of the Mini Loaner car I was accustom to.  My service repressive (who I love on most occasions), called to say my car was ready, I grabbed my daughter and headed that way, only stopping to refill the gas tank of the rental. When I arrived at Mini of Tempe, the service department was closed.  I was told by a sales associate that I would have to come back tomorrow (which in my case was not possible, I would have to wait until next Monday, which was unacceptable).  That's when I asked to speak to someone else, which ended up being the more ignorant unprofessional Sales Manager, John, who again told me it was impossible to get my car back.  Apparently, just having a car was enough for John and it was okay for me to have to drive another 45 minutes back home without my car only to not have my car for another week.  I think not.You see John, I believe that you are wrong when you said, "It's not my job."  John, you are a representative of Mini and of Mini of Tempe.  You are the Sales Manager.  I realize that you are not my service Manager, which means that you are not in service.  However, Sales... which brings me to why I bought a Mini.  I bought a Mini because of the service, repetition, and product.  I did not buy the Mini because of Dave's (my Salesman, who too has always been great) sales pitch, I bought the Mini because every time I bring in my car for service it would be washed, every time my Mini needs service I would have a loaner Mini to drive, German engineering, hassle free car.  So John, please remember the sale does not stop with the sale, it is what happens after the sale is why you have the sale to begin with.  Remember, as a Representative of Mini, it is your job.  As great as Dave was when I bought the car, my brother sold me on Mini, and it was when Dave and Sergio introduced me to Doug that closed it for me.
5	I was initially working with Mini North Scottsdale and it seemed as though they didn't value my business at all. They never got back to me or tried to work with me on my trade. It wasn't until I went to MINI of Tempe and worked with Dave Smith that I decided to purchase my MINI Countryman. The entire staff is very friendly. If you're looking for an honest, haggle-free, knowledgeable salesman make sure to contact Dave at MINI of Tempe. He was great during the entire process! I also had the pleasure of working with Nick Froehlich (Financial Advisor) and he was absolutely great! I definitely recommended MINI of Tempe! Motor On!
1	Don't let them sell you something you don't need... they told me I needed rear brakes for almost $500. It didn't sound right to me. I only have 37k miles on the car so I said lets wait. I got home, took the rear wheel off and found much more brake pad than caliper. I still have plenty of miles to go. They never even looked at the amount of pad that was on the car.
3	I have a Mini purchased through military sales and recently had it serviced here.  The service department seems knowledgable but I find pricing quite high.  Will be looking for other service options before I entirely dismiss Mini of Tempe.
4	Wow, this place got bashed by others.  Everything that we experienced was great.  I had no appointment and stopped by on a Thursday morning.  Our Service Consultant, Derrick, explained that they were busy, but that he would help as best he could.  That he did.  We needed some warranty work done and Derrick wrote us up right away.  We were lucky enough to get a MINI loaner, without notice mind you.  When the work was finished, the following day, I received a courtesy call from Derrick.  Due to work I was unable to pick up my car until the next day, which was no issue at all.Thank you Derrick, and thank you MINI of Tempe.  I hope our next visit is as accommodating.
5	Buying a car from this dealership was as painless as happy hour. Although we didn't have any cocktails the service was impeccable! From the GM meeting me in the parking lot when I arrived to Nick the Finance Manager who was able to get me a WAY better rate than even my local credit union. Justin the salesman was extremely helpful in answering all of our questions and working out a fair deal with the trade in and the new vehicle.  Everyone who worked in the facility was courteous and friendly. They even kept me company while my boyfriend signed the papers. This location made the car buying experience a pleasant one and I would highly recommend them to anyone looking for a Mini or any of their other used cars.
1	I used to take my Mini to the North Scottsdale dealership, but now that the one in Tempe is open I thought I'd try it, as they are closer to my house.  MISTAKE.  Without getting into the painful details, the customer service we received was unbelievably bad.  They gave us a multi-thousand dollar written estimate (which required repeated requests to even get anything in writing) and it was hand-written on what appeared to be a scrap of paper.  So unprofessional.  Then, when we spoke with the sales team regarding a possible trade-in, given the price tag to fix my car, they were rude and inflexible. We couldn't get a straight answer or even a return call until ultimately we got in touch with the general manager of the dealership.  Apparently, they have had problems and she and her team are now trying to set things right.  She was the first and only person there that was helpful, and she certainly has tried to make things right.  That said, I was disappointed enough that I will not go back.  If you need a Mini dealer, definitely stick with North Scottsdale.  I promise that will save you a lot of time and frustration.
5	Love this location.  They are all supppppper helpful and sweet :) if you have any questions they take the time to help you fully understand.
5	This was my first time bringing my car in and service was EXCELLENT !  They went above and beyond what was expected.
4	I was surprised to read the previous reviews of Mini of Tempe. I had an amazing experience there this weekend.  I'm a leaser so I go through the new car process every two years or so and often it's a total nightmare.  I worked with David Campbell and I would highly recommend him. He was honest and straight forward through the whole process.  It did take a long time for me to meet w/ the finance person b/c there were several people ahead of me so it would have been nice if they had one more person on staff to help w/ that but otherwise I couldn't be happier. P.S. I love my mini and  the price I received on it.  I totally recommend this dealership
5	After my first service experience at Mini Tempe I'm upping their rating to 5 stars. I could not have been happier w/ the way I was treated.  After only 2 weeks owning the car my tire picked up a nail. Michelle the GM decided to cover it for free!  Auto-inflaters aren't cheap so that was a huge gesture. After offering a free tire they realized it wasn't going to be in stock for a couple of days. they were super apologetic and offered me a rental w/ no fuel charges.  I haven't received service like this since I owned a Lexus. I couldn't be happier w/ this dealership ( and I still love, love, love my Mini).
5	My Mini loves to visit here.love going here with great service ,great care and so much fun as well.Everyone is nice and friendly and at your service for helping. Always happy here with service way above and beyond the norm.I drive from NE Phoenix Greenway and Tatum to have my car taken care of . It is worth the fun drive ,of course in a neat Mini Cooper that flys down the freeway.
5	I was looking for a Mini Cooper convertible and came across this dealership on line.  I looked through their inventory and saw the car I wanted.  I called them up and Smitty had me come in for a test drive.  I loved the car, there was no high pressure or pressure at all with the sales department.  After a little bit of paperwork with Tom in the finance department I was out on the highway with my new car.  The whole process was very pleasant and hassle free.  I would definitely recommend this dealership if you are shopping for a mini.  I drove from Tucson to check it out and it was definitely worth it.
5	Im reading the previous posts here and scratching my head as to what happened to them.   I had an amazing experience.  Moved here from Las Vegas and had my first service done on my Countryman.   Derrick met me outside, took my car around to get serviced, showed me where to wait and gave me updates as my car was being worked on.   At the end he stated what I would need next and when the suggested time frame should be.    Great Service, Great People, Clean Facility and Quick
5	I went into the dealership on 6/28/13.   I worked with Josh Macias who was friendly and knowledgeable about the cars.  Every other dealership I have been to (I have been to a lot) has been pushy and insistent  on getting me into a car I can't afford.  Josh was quite the opposite.  The dealership had exactly what I was looking for, within my price range.  The staff was professional and incredibly friendly.  This was, by far, the most painless car buying experience I have ever had. I purchased a 2007 mini s convertible and could not be happier with my car.  I would definitely recommend this dealership to anyone.
5	We ordered our Mini Cooper S last October and tracked it through the whole process, including the trip over on the boat! I've had our Mini in for one service and one other small issue and the staff has been PHENOMENAL!! We tried to go the the Scottsdale store first and they tried to screw us on the order process so we came to the Mini of Tempe (which is closer to us anyway) and had nothing but a wonderful visit! Our sales guy, Smitty, was very knowledgable and super friendly! I have to say after owning well north of 25 cars in my lifetime, not only was this the best buying experience but it is the single most fun car I have ever driven!!!
5	The Mini Cooper has always been my dream car. After my faithful 2006 Scion XA was totaled in an accident, I test drove just about every high-scoring 2013 subcompact car in my price range (~$17,000 msrp: Fiat 500, Honda Fit, Mazda 2, Kia Rio, Ford Fiesta), but I didn't want to drive the Mini because I didn't think I could afford it. I was not thrilled with any of them (though I did like the retro adorableness and color choices of the Fiat 500, but it felt too flimsy, and the mazda 2 was super fun to drive, but too sporty looking). They were all good cars, but they all just felt ho-hum.  I realized that any other car besides the Mini would be settling, so I made the bold decision to finally visit the MINI of Tempe dealership. My heart sank when it was verified that new models were WELL over my budget, but then I was introduced to a certified pre-owned 2011 base model in my preferred color with only 23k miles, which was comparable in price to the  others, and I got excited.When I test drove it, I knew it was THE ONE!!! The salesman, Josh, was very personable, low-pressure, and sweet. I went home to do more research, crunch numbers, and sleep on it. I found that the asking price was on par with KBB, and Edmunds and Consumer Reports rated the mini base model very highly. Additionally, Josh had explained that MINI's certified pre-owneds come with an extended warranty, so I was sold.The next day I met up with Josh again, made an offer,negotiated, and he worked it out with his manager behind the scenes and it was painless. I still splurged a little, but it's worth it to be driving my dream car!! I grin every time I see it, and giggle when I drive it. I can't even believe that it's mine.
5	I bought a certified pre-owned MINI, and I am so thrilled with my purchase. MINIs are beautifully designed, well built, and super fun to drive! John Richman was the salesman I worked with and he was very friendly, informative, and did not pressure me. The car I purchased was well priced when compared to Kelly Blue Book, and I love that the Tempe MINI has many certified pre-owned cars. I have not had any service done here, but the purchase process was great.
4	Disclaimer: I'm pretty jaded when it comes to dealerships, I don't think there are any that are 5 stars, but that's just me.I worked with Chris Graczyk because he was there, and a couple of people on Google Reviews had recommended him. He did not seem very knowledgeable about the car I was buying, but it was a used Toyota, not a Mini. If nothing else, he was/seemed honest from my experience, and that's something not seen very often in a car salesman. He was patient while I thought through my options and if he didn't know or was unsure of something he'd say so and/or say that he would find out the answer. After all was said and done, the sales manager offered to have Chris drive my new car out to my house (across the valley) free of charge since I didn't have a trade and therefore would have had two vehicles to contend with getting home. He ended up bringing it to my work which ended up being better for me and a little closer for him/them. I had a gentlemen's agreement with Chris that the car would be delivered with a full tank of gas and sure enough when I took possession of the car the fuel gauge was pinged to FULL. Not a big deal, but in reality he could have given it to me on E and I would have had no recourse as it wasn't in writing. So, I appreciate that he kept his word.Other than that, decent experience, the sales manager was reasonable, the finance manager was kind of a dick in my opinion (aren't they all?). Inside the place was nice and there's some giant windows that look into the service area right next to a really comfortable lounge area. I'd say there are a lot less comfortable spots to have to wait around for your car to get serviced. Overall, a good experience, not "AMAZING!" or "life changing" or anything.
5	Thanks Josh & everybody at Mini Tempe Service. I've been getting my Mini Clubman serviced here for the past two years with a consistently can-do attitude.
5	Jack Clubman got his first scheduled (now, read that word the Brit way) maintenance today at Mini of Tempe.We want to thank Steven Pham, our Service Consultant, and all of the crew at MOT for providing us with a great experience. Everyone was very welcoming and attentive to our needs and the facility is beautiful.Jack was serviced nicely and even got a wash and vacuuming.If you are in the greater Phoenix area, we highly recommend Mini of Tempe.www.minioftempe.com
5	Josue Macias has always provided exceptional professionalism and service when it comes to my Mini convertible. He never ceases to amaze. Ask for him when getting service and you'll end up saying the same.
4	Christy was great! We got the (used) car we wanted at a fair price. They were very straightforward with us, and the car was as advertised. They not only showed us the CarFax, they also showed us the report from their mechanic's inspection on this trade-in.My only nit-picks:It took a long time to get the paperwork done, despite the fact that there was no financing to do; andIn detailing the car for delivery, someone got some of that caustic stuff they use on foggy headlight covers on the paint around the headlight, causing a slight mar to the otherwise beautiful original paint.Overall, a good experience. We weren't pressured or ignored. The level of attention was just right! The showroom is actually a fun place to visit.
5	For a car buying experience it was fairly painless!  Chris was great to work with and went the extra mile to get me a good deal on a loan to close the deal.  I appreciate how he worked with us to do the final negotiations by phone so we simply had to come by after work and then sign the papers so I could drive my new Mini home.  I really like the advantages of the Certified Used program and feel at ease knowing I don't have to worry about maintenance or repairs for quite a while.  There were a few follow-up items that had to be dealt with afterwards but they were quickly resolved.
1	Horrible place to take your car for service!  I can't tell you how many things they've screwed up, and to top it off, they don't tell me they're going to do a diagnostic check on my car until after they do it.  So, I had to kiss $179 goodbye.They've lost a customer fo. sho.
5	Very good service! They gave me an amazing deal that I could not refuse. I definitely recommend this location. Super fast checkout and they were very generous in their initial offer and we were able to make a deal with both parties satisfied.
5	I bought my MINI Cooper Countryman from MINI of Tempe and had a great experience. My sales guy, Justin, and the sales manager, David, were great to work with. And my initial experiences with service and parts has been great, too! I love my new MINI and would recommend MINI of Tempe to anyone in the market for an awesome car and buying experience!
5	My experience had been really pleasant every time  I  stop by for a service or any question about my MINI, Josh always takes care of me, he is very professional and he know  customer service.  So Thank You very Much for the Excellent Service you guys provide!
1	We were interested in buying a 2013 mini, no one at the dealer was interested in selling it! The receptionist was cordial enough to say that all sales people were busy, but couple of them were free! Forget showing us the car, they were avoiding eye contact! When we went forward to speak to this elderly salesman , he scampered by us to attend to some new customers, and we were waiting for half an hour for service! I am not sure  what scared you mini guys-if it was because we are Indians, or we had kids! Your loss!
1	I came to Mini of Tempe to have my A/C blower replaced and GPS accessory removed. They successfully fixed the blower issue and removed the accessory.However in the process of doing this they managed to break my entire tachometer - and conveniently didn't tell me it was broken so I had to make a second visit so they could correct their mistake. After four days of it in the shop to fix their error, they managed to then break my radio. This time, they fixed the radio without me picking up the car first and noticing. When I did come to get my car though, I found a giant crack in my windshield that wasn't there when I dropped off my vehicle just days ago. Now I get the grand honor of having to make an insurance claim for a new windshield. Thanks for fixing two problems, and then giving me three more. Do I get my free bag for leaving a review?
4	First visit from my original home base of Chicago. So far, so good. Friendly. Fast. Helpful.
5	I did not buy the car from these guys. Not yet; still thinking. Nevertheless, and as a person who just walked in and knew nothing about Minis, I would like to applaud to this dealer for their customer service and the way the shop is being run. Let me just tell you: it was a fun experience. The shop is fun. The staff is fun. I learned a lot. I was pleased for the ability to be able to building my own car just the way I wanted it. And, as I said, even though I did not have to negotiate financing or car purchase, I did take a Mini for a test drive and had a great experience overall. I've visited probably 6-7 dealerships over the past 3 weekends, and the charisma of this place just makes me want to go back. Cross my heart!
1	I inquired about a CPO Mini I had found on their website, they gave me a price, I countered a bit lower but fairly, I was told they could not possibly "go any lower because it is a CPO car", passed on that and did not hear anything further.  So I continue to follow the car on their website and surprise, a week later, it is now almost $600 less than what I offered, no follow up call, no follow up e-mail!  Moral of the story...should have let me know, would have kept another $600 in the deal, made a sale, and perhaps had a happy customer.
4	Yaaay! I'm a fan, I LOVE my Mini, I took it in today to get new tires, and ends up I need a new battery, oil change, etc, etc.  But I approved of all if it because I want to keep my Mini in top shape for years to come! They said If I give a review I get a free tote bag, So here it is, gimme my bag. (-:
5	This is an AWESOME place!  EVERYTHING and EVERYONE here is really cool!  I suggest you come and check them out, I think they may even be having an End of Summer Sales Event!!!
1	I'm not sure what is going on with the service department at Mini of Tempe lately, but I have received a complete lack of customer service and follow through from their service consultants. I have been dealing with trying to get my windshield replaced under warranty for over a month. The first response was "we don't replace windshields under warranty", my reply "you don't replace defective parts?" Their response was to have me call Penske glass and have them look at it.... Ok...and then what? So after I nudged them in the right direction they finally sent Penske glass over to our house assess the damage. Once the technician looked it over he agreed that it was a stress crack and would pass on the information to Mini. Fast forward 8 days later, on Saturday morning, I finally received a call from service saying they were going to replace the windshield under warranty and would check with the glass company to schedule a mobile repair. It's now Wednesday at 10:00am, still no call. I called the service department and got and I'm sorry I'll have Penske call you to schedule the repair. The following Monday morning I finally receive a call to schedule an appt., said they would call back to confirm. No call back, called to confirm, said they were waiting on Mini to provide them with a repair order number and the service consultant who had been helping me was out for the week. Long story short, made one more phone call to Mini and Josh stepped up and took care of it. The windshield is supposed to be replaced tomorrow. It's pretty sad, as the customer, I had to bird-dog the whole process while being treated as if my problem was insignificant.
5	It was a nice drive from the West Valley on this beautiful Saturday. Here for another oil change for "Halle" The service here has always been very helpful and courteous. Last few times here I've been assisted by Steven Pham. He is very knowledgeable and professional. I recommend MINI of Tempe for the great customer service.
