5	Do you have an uber cool european automobile?  If you answered yes, then this place is for you.  Great customer service, super cool techs, and the owner is a super nice guy.  Eurowise ist der BESTE!
5	if you own a german car, look no further.....this is it's home away from home.i'm a female, so going to get my car fixed in the past has just about equaled a trip to a home improvement store.  so frustrating!!when eurowise opened, it totally changed my viewpoint on getting my car repaired.  then again, the guys at eurowise makes it easy on me.  i take them my car, they take care of it like it is their own.  it's that simple.if you assume they don't do something, make sure and ask....they will make it happen and bend over backwards to do so.we have a vw and three bmw's in my household and they all get the BEST treatment at eurowise!!
5	I didn't do any price comparison so I can't comment on prices, but I had a very enjoyable experience with Eurowise.I have an Audi TT and it is my baby.  I had taken it to various "import" shops in charlotte over the years.  One would never call me unless it was to sell me more stuff.  Eurowise was much different.  They called me when they figured out what was wrong to get authorization, they called me as soon as my car was ready so I didn't make any trips out there for no reason, they also called to know if I was picking it up that night or if they should pull it it.They fixed what I took it in for and even identified a problem I didn't mention after another mechanic told me I was just making it up.  I endured that issues for months and Eurowise fixed it right up.Plus they are right off the light rail line so I don't have to hound people to take me to pick up my car.Sure, there are a lot of "tuners" who hang out there, but for Audi service I left with a very professional experience.
5	Helpful and knowledgeable staff... and business savvy too. When they knew that it is my first time going to a repair shop since I moved to Charlotte, they ensured that I will be coming back. How? By educating me and working around my budget.I have a 2001 VW jetta, and it turns out that it needs more than $1000 in repairs. Given that I am a girl on a budget they worked with me to get parts at cost, and they suggested a staggered approach  - they prioritized the repairs that need to be done and then suggested which ones could wait.Everyone is always skeptical about mechanics, but these guys made me feel at ease as they walked me through every problem in my car in a language that I could understand. No scare tactics whatsoever! Other than their great service, this place has probably one of the cheapest hourly rates for labor. If I'm not wrong it's $75/hr. Another convenient thing about this place is that they are close to the light rail - Woodlawn station. IIf you live somewhere reachable by this mode of transportation, you can skip the part where you annoy your friends to help you drop off and pick up your car. If you have a European car, bring it here!
5	I've been bringing my car to Eurowise since they opened a few years ago and I must say, these are the only guys that I trust with my Audi! EVERYONE there is knowledgeable, friendly and extremely helpful. I always ask a lot of questions (because I don't know anything about cars) and they always answer my questions without getting annoyed or frustrated with me.Everytime I think about auto repairs I always get nervous thinking it will be pricey but Eurowise is always within my budget. They let me know what repairs I need ASAP and what I can wait on. They always tell me exactly how long it will take and will work around my schedule.I moved to DC a few months ago and even though I can't bring my car to Eurowise, I still call them to ask questions and order my parts thru them.Mike runs a great shop and hires the best of the best. I highly recommend them for all your auto needs. (I hope they expand and open a location in DC.) :D
5	Audi, Beamer, VW and more - Eurowise has got you covered!I followed my favorite mechanic in the world, Mitch, over to this shop from South Charlotte VW and was totally blown away by the staff and level of expertise that Eurowise is tossing around. I like to think of Eurowise as a car mechanic's shop - this ain't no Speedy, sit in the waiting room and watch Young and The Restless BS. This is a REAL shop that is intense and focused on delivering top notch service and work 100% of the time. The technicians seemed to be focused and hard working, the management seems to be involved and invested - all around, a good aura surrounds this place and I'm digging it big time.Definitely will bring my lil' German auto back!
5	Honest, trustworthy, and they do great work. As a woman, I have been extremely hesitant when it comes to anything having to do with my car.  This place has treated me right every time I have been there.
5	I love going here to get my oil changes but when my bmw computer malfunction i didn't know what to do after calling the shop they told me to come in and they fixed it with in a couple hours for half the cost of Hendrick BMW i am so glad there here in charlotte!! Thanks Eurowise
5	As a female its hard to go to car repair shops and not feel like your getting screwed because of the general stereotype and when i called Audi they treated me like i was a idiot so i found EURO WISE on yelp and tried calling them after being invited in for them to look at my car  they treated me like they actually cared i was very satisfied with the service. I love that they talk to me like they care and don't talk down to me i have been back 4 times now for routine maintenance and they let me know of any thing concerning to them. But don't pressure me to buy just to buy but rather let me know my options. Thanks Kevin and Phil for your help.
5	I have two beamers - one is an '87 that spends a lot of time in the shop!  These guys are top notch and always treat me well!  It's the only shop in town I let touch my cars!
5	Recently I have had some issues with my car and there was no doubt in my mind where to take it.  Mike has always answered every question I have promptly which is obviously hard to get nowadays. Never have I been pushed towards additional services/products. Every team member that I have had contact with has always been extremely friendly and speaks to me with respect and honesty. Thank you Eurowise for making my experiences easy, quick and worthwhile!!! As long as I'm residing in Charlotte I will keep coming here for my car needs =)
5	This is not your ordinary service shop.  Just ask the guys that work there what they drive and you'll see they dont just work there, they have a passion for cars.   While they work on some really high end cars as well, I've noticed they treat each car with the same amount of care.  After moving back from Chicago, I dropped my Audi off for service and they went above and beyond to give it a full once-over (this last winter was brutal!) and suggested things I may need in the future w/o any pressure.  They take great care of your car and are the easiest bunch of guys to talk to whether you have questions or just want to talk shop.  Mike and Phil are awesome!
5	I love Eurowise. I moved here from Southern California and I was looking for a place to have my E90 serviced. I had a very reliable and trustworthy place back home and wanted to find that kind of place here in Charlotte. So glad I decided to give Eurowise a try. I worked with Marcel from scheduling drop off, going over estimates, providing my authorization and even getting quotes for some work that needs to be done on the body. Marcel is fantastic. Kept me updated with everything and was super helpful, professional and friendly. I will definitely take my car back here for future service. Thanks Eurowise!
4	Eurowise was my car shop for the five years I lived in Charlotte.  I feel like they are honest and completely competent.  It's easy to get an appointment and they are respectful of your time while a repair is being made.  The only downside is that it is PRICEY!  But I do recommend them.
5	I really like this place. They've always offered really great service, customer service, and pricing. Craig is the guy who has done all the work on my car and he's really awesome. He even saved me some money on my rear brakes by letting me know my rotors really didn't need to be replaced that particular time so I just got pads. Best thing they ever did for me was they re-did an entire oil gasket job for me last winter before I drove out to CA the next day even though it was technically out of warranty and it wasn't very likely it was leaking. But there was SOME question about whether a small amount of oil below was from that gasket and they didn't want me driving to CA with any question at all so they happily volunteered to replace it before I left. The gasket job has been perfect. They are right off the light rail as well if that helps some people.
5	Charlotte's best in auto servicing. Eurowise staff are prompt and provides excellent customer service.
5	Been going here for about 3-4 years now, they have taken really good care of my Audi and my Benz, I only go to Eurowise for everything on my car if its not under factory warranteed.  I love how the staff is very knowledgeable and friendly, they always make sure my car is taken care of!  at the end of the day  Mike and his staff are always there  to make sure Im driving home happy with the work that they've done and the price I pay.
2	Update to previous review: I kept having leakage issues with my valve cover gasket even after Eurowise re-did this repair.  The shop I took it to in my new city (very reputable, highly reviewed by many, and winner of several local awards) took the old gasket off and studied everything very carefully, knowing ahead of time my history with this repair.  (They expected the valve cover to be warped).  Turns out the cover was totally fine but that Eurowise had used an extremely cheap after-market gasket, and then not come CLOSE to securing all the bolts to factory requirements.  This caused the continuing issues here, and led to my having to re-do this $600.00+ repair again out of pocket.  Now previously Eurowise did my water pump and did a fine job - no issues.  So I would not advise not going there, but be careful.
