5	I LOVE Hey Betty!  It is such a fun place to simply browse!  I warn you though, you could blow your entire paycheck here.  I play bass in a band (unfortunately, we're not as active as we once were) and most of the time I wear, well, whatever.  Every so often though, I like to wear vintage clothing that I've bought here!The collection here is certainly eclectic enough.  They also have vintage accessories too.    They have retro jeans, but I'm really more into vintage dresses and costume jewelry.  They also have retro tee-shirts (and not the ones you can get at Target, either).  My brother once bought a Pittsburgh Gladiators T-shirt and a Pittsburgh Pirhanas jersey here.So this is the place to be in Shadyside when you want vintage.  Prepare to empty your wallet here!
4	I like this store, can't say I LOVE it.  They have a decent selection, kind of small and limited, I feel.  The mens clothes leaves much lacking, however on a weekend it's nice to browse here for some good finds.  I've gotten a lot of neat scarves, jewelry and a couple dresses here.  Overall it's a lot better (and pricier) than the local goodwills.
4	I usually round out my Shadyside vintage shopping adventures with a trip to Hey Betty, after I leave Eons.  It's a smaller store, but the selection is still very good.  Last time we were here, my husband got a skinny tie and a trench coat for very reasonable prices.  The costume jewelry cases in the center of the store are chock-full of sparkely goodness.  There are even some random home decor items in the mix.The owner (or at least who I perceive to be the owner, since he's the only one behind the counter when I shop here) is pleasant and will help you find your size if you ask.  There are dressing rooms.  All in all, a cute little vintage shop that is definitely worth visiting.
2	One of my favorite things to do is consignment shop. On a dreary day I decided to look up a few local shops to hit up and my finale trip was to Hey Betty's.Hey Betty's seemed to be very organized. It was a small area, but had a lot to offer without seeming to give you a garage sale vibe. The men's clothing was next to none but I can still appreciate nice things even when they are not for my gender. There were tons of hat boxes and great jewelry pieces to pick from.The reason for the 2 star review is the service. The woman working the counter who I'm assuming to be the owner was not friendly at all. We greeted her before she greeted us which I find rude. She did not ask us anything when we were shopping. She just sat there and read a magazine. The only time she interacted with us is when we basically forced her. It was quite the turnoff.To me customer service is everything. If you cannot greet your customers or educate them about your items/services you're providing then that's one less store I need to go back to. I would recommend it to someone who is looking for vintage clothing but not to someone who is looking for a great customer service experience.
4	Although Hey Betty pales in comparison to Eons, it's still one of the best vintage stores in Pittsburgh. The place is small and narrow, but has several floors, so it's bigger than it actually seems.  As other reviewers have mentioned, the selection is sometimes limited (mostly '60s-'70s), but what's for sale is unique and quality, and definitely well-priced.  I once bought a leather bomber jacket from the '70s for $30!  I tend to like their accessories more than their clothing: they have an amazing selection of footwear, ties/bowties, hats, jewelry, gloves and handbags on the cheap.  Hey Betty is such a fun place, and definitely worth a visit if you love vintage!
5	Hey Betty is another place I had to hit on Thanksgiving weekend.  You know, when the malls and big box stores are full of grade-A morons who will do anything to save a buck on Chinese-made crap!  No, places like Hey Betty and Eons are for those who want to relax and have a little fun while shopping.Hey Betty is a little bit small and it does require a bit of poking around in.  But they've got both men's and women's stuff here and I've even found things Rick enjoyed.  I've bought vintage Levi's and Lee jeans here because, let's face it, the OLD jeans which were made in the USA fit me better and lasted longer.  I've still got a vintage pair I found here three years ago.
5	LOVE this vintage gold-mine.  Great prices, fantastic items.  Household goods, purses, nightgowns, dresses, huge jewelry selection.  Man who owns/works here is awesome.  Very nice.  Way better than EONS.
5	I grew up in Pittsburgh and now live in San Jose, CA. Every time I return to Pittsburgh, I make make it a point to stop at Hey Betty! I can tell you we do not have stores like this where I live now and the vintage shops we do have charge five times the price. It does take some searching around to find things, so if you are a person who likes to discover treasures, you will likely be rewarded. The store is small and packed. If you are impatient, like me, it's best to ask if you're looking for something specific. Sandra and Michael know their merchandise but they are not intrusive and do not try to push things on you. I have things from there that span decades. The last trip we scored the most amazing pair of sunglasses ever made.
4	Hey betty I need a poodle skirt to go with my new bangs..... or a pink mohair cardigan to match my beehive hairdo. Or.... a twenties shiffon blouse to make my bonnie and clyde outfit for halloween. No problem found it here complete with its own glass buttons. The owner was helpful in showing me where I could try it on and offered to let me look at items in the cases. Cute little shop more women's clothing then mens. The owner was chatty with me or clerk whichever she was. There are two vintage stores in this area so you can check one then the other if you don't find what you're seeking on the first try...
