5	I LOVE THIS SHOP! Filled top to bottom with everything and anything you need from cookware to kitchen decor. I bought a few coffee mugs today from Modern Mug, they are so beautiful. Sur La Table also provides cooking classes almost every day. I signed up today for the Sushi cooking class next month, I am so excited! If you get the chance check out this hidden gem.
4	I love that there is a sur la table in town other than fashion show mall!!  This excites me, especially since this location has a demo kitchen in which you can take cooking classes.  The demo kitchen is nice but they put up to 20+ people in there and in my opinion for the price you pay for the class they should be putting 12 people in, max.  But all their classes are on sale for the grand opening (good news) but they are all sold out (bad news)!!  You get 10% off merchandise on the day you take class so I will be taking advantage of this!!
4	I always like browsing at Sur La Table.  I missed the store so much when they moved out of the Miracle Mile Shops and went to the Fashion Show Mall where I rarely go.  With the opening of this store in Downtown Summerlin, it's a short distance to go.I went in yesterday looking for a particular spice in a grinder but it was something they didn't have on the shelf.  A staff member helped me look but to no avail.  He was very pleasant and stopped what he was doing to lend a hand in helping get what I needed.This store is compact.  There is a lot of merchandise in a relatively small space.  Cooking classes are offered in an adjoining room.
5	Although slightly smaller than some of the other SLTs I have been to, they have it down here. Have been in 3 times, and every time the service has been exemplary! Helpful, personable staff. Great inventory. So happy to have one of my favorite store so close!
2	I don't like this one much because when I asked them a question regarding their Sur La Table brand products, they weren't able to answer and weren't sincere to find an answer for me. Whenever I went there, I always saw the staff idling with each other chit chatting with each other, didn't really bother to ask what I was looking for. They just seemed pretty lazy to me, while the other one in town is more hard working than this store. You can see the review I wrote for the other store. The other one is way way way better.One star for the staff in this store, the second star is a merciful star for Sur La Table itself.
3	Just about everything you could need for your kitchen, from unnecessary-but-cute gadgets and gizmos to handpainted place settings and $1000/set cast iron pans. Considering the high pricepoint, I was disappointed with service. Tons of employees standing around but not doing much to help, mostly talking to one another.More a place to pick up gifts than the best value around- as Nelson said, much of what they sell can be found cheaper just about anywhere else it's sold. Props for offering the in-house cooking classes, and the calendar available on the exterior windows.
4	This is your dream kitchen store. It is fantastic for foodies and home-cooks alike. This store basically offers an incredible selection of magical kitchen appliances and utensils. They literally have a trillion unique cooking utensils, gadgets, and gizmos to compliment your inner Top Chef. I can easily spend hours wandering their aisles browsing all their cool knickknacks. I would emphasize the majority of their inventory caters to high-end kitchen brands. These brands include but are not limited to...Le Creuset, Viking, and Demeyere. These are all designer kitchen brands that are coveted and pricey. However, they also offer a smaller and respectable selection of accessories and items within a lower price range for the budget conscious shopper (like myself). In fact, I was able to hunt down a selection of discounted items to dig through for kitchen treasure during my visits. If you're not a Top Chef and are hoping to learn more about navigating the 'ins and outs' of the kitchen... this store offers a variety of cooking classes. You can easily register for the classes online and check out the schedule for further details. I haven't had a chance to attend a class to date. However, I definitely have this on my "must-do" list. I see mixed reviews for the classes and will try to grab one when they're on sale to try it out for myself. TIP: Keep your eyes peeled on classes that don't sell out- I've spotted a few that were discounted in order to fill up the open seats as the class approached.
