1	I went to this office a few times, got a couple of fillings done there, as well as one crown. Every time I went in, I checked and re-checked the amount my insurance would be covering, the manager (no longer working there) reassure me more than once regarding the final price of each procedure. I even think I annoyed her a bit by asking so much about the price, but you see, my husband and I are a young couple and we have a budget. The final time I visited this office was to get a filling, the Dr. came in, gave me a shot of what I believe was Novocaine (a numbing agent), I thought he was giving me the shot in the wrong spot since I've had fillings before and it felt as if the shot was too far from the affected tooth to work. About 10 minutes later he returns to begin drilling, of course, I feel a horrible pain in my tooth, so he gives me a second shot, and I, again, expressed concern for the location of the shot, he then said something to the effect of "I am the doctor here and I know what I am doing." I accepted his snide, unnecessary remark and remained in the chair. Once again, he returns a few minutes later and begins drilling my tooth, again, I feel pain. The third and final time he injected me, he finally agreed to administer the Novocaine a little closer to the affected tooth, but this time I think he may have hit a nerve because I felt a burning sensation running from the needle, up what may have been a vein, I am unsure, in my cheek! The burning pain was traveling towards my eye and it really scared me. The "doctor" then reassured me it was normal. Months later, when I smile I still sometimes feel a pinch on my cheek near my eye, exactly where the burning pain was that day in March. I will never be back to that office not only because that "doctor" clearly either had no idea what he was doing or just didn't care enough about me as a patient. I am deeply offended also, that the office messed up my billing and even though I checked multiple times on the price, apparently my insurance was maxed out between my procedures at this awful office and at another dental office. The thing I am most angry about is that they made no effort to tell me my insurance would be maxed out, which is what I was asking BEFORE I got any procedures done. I understand it is their duty to inform me, especially if I asked multiple times about my total bill. The last time I was there was in March 2012, I received NO bills until a past due notice arrived in the mail a couple of weeks ago, it is now SEPTEMBER and I apparently owe them $635. When I called I found out the office is under new management and they were able to give me a 5% discount, meaning, I now owe $604. Great. Thank you Nevada Dental Associates, for always lying through your teeth and only caring about money. Basically, they hurt a nerve in my cheek due to carelessness/inexperience, I should have sued. I really would have, had I known that SIX months later they would also have messed up my billing and not bothered to tell me. I know this review may not affect their office as it should but I just want to warn anyone thinking about setting foot in this place, you might get hurt, and you will be lied to. I know it is not nice to wish ill upon others but I really do hope they go under. Either that or they NEED to get better doctors in there. Maybe management will improve but I don't want to find out. I am gathering all of my evidence, if I have a case, I will procure further action.
1	This has to be the worst place to bring you kids for Ortho!!!!!!  First off you make an appointment and they dont see see you for over an hour but if your late they make you reschedule. The Otho Dr. she will not even speak to if you ask questions she walks away and gets her staff to come talk to you. and the new Ortho manager she is very rude and unprofessional everytime you ask a question the first thing out of her mouth is you can go somewhere else. This place is a nighmare stay away far far away!!!!!!!!!!
1	Terrible dental office.I stopped going to this office in February of 2013, but that wasn't the end of my ordeal with this company.First of all, the wait time was consistently unacceptable. They used to be open on Saturdays, which is why I took my family there in the first place, but they stopped doing that. Every time my kids were in there someone would try to sell me braces for them. They even called me at home to try and sell orthodontics to my children. I  had to tell them several times to stop trying to sell me braces. Last January, I went to them for a regular cleaning and they told me I needed a deep cleaning and it was going to cost another $200 out of my pocket, as my insurance wouldn't cover the full amount. Instead of scheduling with NV Dental for the deep cleaning, I scheduled an appointment with Floss Dental on Rainbow Blvd. The staff at Floss Dental said I didn't need the deep cleaning, that my teeth were actually very healthy, and they saved me $200 that day and got my family of four as new clients. Their staff actually LAUGHED at the x-rays I brought into them from NV Dental Associates because the machinery used to take the x-rays was so old. One person said, "Wow, these are old school x-rays," and the dental hygienist said she hadn't seen x-rays from a machine like that since she was in college.Flash forward to October of this year and I get a bill in the mail from NV Dental for $100 for my husband, even though he has been paid in full for the work they did for him since August of 2012. I called the office and was told that they noticed that they made a mistake in the billing (a year later), and then to add insult to injury, they had made ANOTHER mistake when they decided to bill me for their mistake a year later - they made a $50 mistake in the billing, but sent me a bill for $100. I asked their office to credit the account (since it was their mistake, not mine), or at least correct my bill to the $50 since, by their own admission, they made a mistake re-billing me for the billing mistake they made a year ago. But no, a month later, I got ANOTHER statement that still says I owe them $100.This office isn't locally owned and their business practices are terrible. Do yourself a favor and go anywhere but here. I recommend Floss Dental on S. Rainbow Blvd.
1	I came here only because their braces prices are $2000 less than other local orthodontists. Otherwise, I would have definitely picked somewhere else that has better service, smaller waiting time and friendlier staff. They make you wait at least 20 minutes every time after your scheduled appointment time, which is ridiculous because then why would you even give us a time in the first place? Second of all, my older sister who got her braces done about 3 years ago would have to wait 2 hours several times which is also ridiculous, so that's when I had to go up to the desk and yell at them for being so ineffective and they reluctantly let us in. About a month ago, I had an appointment scheduled on a day. Two days before that day, they call me and tell me that they are going to be closed that day and that I must reschedule. EXCUSE ME? Then they proceeded to tell me that their next available open day was in 4 weeks. So practically it would be 8 weeks since the last time I saw my orthodontist. So then I AGAIN yelled at them and told them that this was unacceptable and they said "Oh we'll try to squeeze you in in three weeks." WELL GEE THANKS. When they call you in and seat you at a chair, it is a couple minutes before a nurse comes to serve you. Then they call the orthodontist which takes ANOTHER couple minutes and spends about 2 minutes checking everything and leaving orders to the nurse. In NO WAY does she even stop to ask if you have any questions. Overall, the experiences I had with this dental association is something I do not want to go through again. After my braces come off, I will make sure I never come back.
1	Ortho is awful. Had to finish up treatment at another ortho Dr. Should have know something was up when the cost was so much cheaper that other places. Live & Learn and now I know you get what you pay for. Dentist & Hygienist are good. But you have to watch for them trying to charge a ridiculous amount $$ for this SPECIAL Deep clean. Was shocked to find out that my Husband who takes great care of his teeth needed this SPECIAL treatment. Any how my point is this Don't go here for Ortho and if you can afford to somewhere else for Regular Treatment do so.
1	This place is ridiculous! I went here even AFTER seeing the distasteful reviews on yelp only because they had a management change so they said but that's deceiving as well! I took my 10 yo daughter here and she had a cleaning and she had X-rays and a flourish treatment and more X-rays for later in case we wanted to use them for ortho and  was told that my insurance company authorized everything well they lied. A month later I received a bill in the mail for $150 and because they had to deal with the insurance company they sent me to collections well not me but my 10 yo daughter! I'm still dealing with these idiots till this day! I'm not even sure which direction to turn. The insurance company tells them it was covered just a basic and then I get billed for flouride and an extra set of X-rays! Be very very careful
