4	Wonderful front desk staff, they're great and flexible with billing. He's incredibly patient with his clients, and makes sure that you know exactly what's goin on. Wonderful!!
2	I think Dr. Ruggieri is an excellent doctor. The issue I would comment on is his staff. I found many of them to be rude or unprofessional. It was more than just being treated rudely by unsmiling, disinterested staff, which itself was really unnecessary. To be asked the same question several times because the staff interviewing me simply wasn't paying attention, or was too consumed navigating her software.  The whole office seemed to have subtle contempt for the patients. Then there were a few incidents that pushed the envelope of professionalism. I was left in an examination room for at least a half hour. Various staff walked in & out of the small room, never even bothering to acknowledge my presence. The door was open, & just outside 2 nurses joked for about 10 minutes about how one patient looked "like hamburger" after surgery--how there was blood everywhere. They were actually telling jokes about it and laughing. It was Medieval. I went to get the stitches out last Wednesday. The nurse didn't bother to work with an arm rest, or even get adequate light. He fished around for sutures for a while, then asked me: "Do you think I got everything?" When I said no, he fished around some more & found another one.  All the time he was wheezing up close to my face and coughing. It was really uncomfortable. He kept interrupting his work on my hand ( with his ragged chewed up fingernails) to help an assistant navigate a computer program. I left Wednesday with no instructions on further care & without anyone saying whether I should make another appointment. The doctor had said something at one point about using a salve to prevent scaring. I followed up with the nurse, who seemed to have no idea what I was talking about, then told me to get some cocoa butter--I know that the doctor had not mentioned cocoa butter. Not impressive, & these are just examples. I can only believe that the doctor's staff must be very poorly paid or managed, to have such ambivalence towards their patients. It was the kind of place it was painful to do business with, the attitude was so ... Slipshod.
4	The staff is unbelievably friendly and are always willing to make adjustments to appointments. The reason behind the four stars is simply the mannerism and professionalism of Dr. Ruggeri. He is most qualified, but the way of speaking to his patients makes me think of him as a person rather than a doctor. I continue to come simply because of the excellent Doctor Gary North. He is always willing to take time to ask questions and make me feel for assured of the course of treatment. Overall I recommend this facility and two doctors and staff.
