5	Need a good auto repair place, this is it. I have been using Terry's for over 8 years. I was introduced to Terry's Auto by a friend.  Since that time, I have used this place exclusively for my cars. It is very tough to find an auto mechanic that you can trust.  With Terry's, I drop my car off, tell them what I need and walk out. I come back, usually by the end of the day, and he is done.  Fair price without a worry. Have been taking my wifes 1997 Chrysler there for years. Have had new transmission, new sets of tires, and multiple other basic maintenance.  A vehicle that probably would not have lasted more than 100k miles is still running well at 150k plus miles. Terry has even been kind enough to work with me on payments when I had transmission installed. Can't promise he will do the same with you, but then, I have been going to him for 8 years. Need a good mechanic, look no further...
5	I have been taking my vehicles to Terry for years. Even though I live in Queen Creek I go take them all the way into Phoenix because I trust Terry and he has always been good to us. If you need a fair mechanic you can trust, take your car to Terry's.
5	I work for a dealer that partners with Terry's garage in which they service and certify about 1/2 of our fleet, which is over 75+ cars per month. If there were to be a harsher critic when it comes to the auto industry overall it would be me, and I can tell you that the first time I actually used Terry's for my 212,000 mile 1999 4Runner for a simple oil change and break light bulb replacement that didn't even pass the $40 mark, they also washed and vacuumed my Toyota! And picked it up for me and brought it back to me. They are spectacular, and tell you anything your car may need before turning a wrench. Go to Terry's, you WILL NOT regret it!!! AND COME SEE ME IF YOU'RE LOOKING FOR YOUR NEXT CAR!!! www.teamcentennial.com, ask for Cameron!!!
5	Honest, integrity, communicative, and stand behind their work is what comes to mind when I think of Terry's Automotive. Keep up the great work!JackIf you're looking for the Best way to buy a new or used auto please give me a call.480-427-0302 Centennial Leasing & Sales. 25 proven years of great service.You can buy an auto without stepping a foot in a dealers door.If I don't have the one you seek, I'll find it.http://www.teamcentennial.com/inventory.asp
5	I went to Terry for two years with my 96 Nissan Maxima when I lived in the area. He runs a great shop, very honest, aboveboard, and downright knowledgeable. I would highly recommend him and his shop, their work is superb. Moreover, as a graduate student at the time I had a great appreciation for their reasonable rates, he and his crew were always upfront about costs. I have nothing but good things to say about Terry, Jack, the shop, and their mechanics.
5	Honest, timely and friendly. Got us in the same to do a pre buy inspection. They did a thorough job while we waited and we left with peace of mind about the vehicle we were purchasing. We signed up for email service reminders and will definitely be back.
5	It is hard to find an honest mechanic, these guys are just that! They won't over charge and do unnecessary work just to make an extra buck. I will continue to bring my car here. I definitely recommend this shop!
