5	Ageless Remedies is somewhere in between a spa and a dermatologist's office. They have a doctor on staff for complex skin issues while aestheticians provide consultations for skin treatments, facials and products. They have a great service model, product line and most importantly - results.
4	I was very impressed with the professionalism, cleanliness, and personal touch I found here at Ageless Remedies. It's tucked in the corner of the Morrison Shops (same area as the Harris Teeter) and from the outside, I thought nothing of it. However, once inside I was greeted by a very friendly staff, offered a beverage, and some dark chocolate treats. The waiting area only has 2 chairs, so plan on standing if more than 2 are waiting. They also have a thorough supply of cosmetic items: lotions, make-up, and even some lovely candles in their retail section.They have 2 consultation rooms and it seemed like plenty of rooms for your non-surgical procedures. They offer complimentary consultations, which I greatly appreciate. The staff and physician were very friendly, super informative, and they truly believed in what they do and conveyed realistic results and had a photo book to prove the before and after treatments. They offer a wide selection of services: waxing, laser hair removal, facials. After spending almost a full hour with them, I wanted to sign up for everything they had to offer!They are kind of pricey, but it seems like you get what you pay for in a very professional and good kind of way. I'll be saving my pennies to try one or two of their services and products!
5	I'd like to add that I am a huge fan of Ageless Remedies' facials - peels more than microdermabrasion. However, their new Hydra-facial is the best facial I have ever had. It's extraordinary.
5	Ageless remedies is simply the best Med Spa in Charlotte!  When you walk in the door you feel like you are the only client in the world.  I cannot say enough nice things about them.  I have had a range of treatments over the years and every one has been fantastic.  The professionalism and knowledge of the doctors and staff is outstanding.  You just can't go wrong with Ageless Remedies!!!
5	The staff is so friendly. Dr. Greenberg is great. So glad to have found Ageless Remedies.
5	What...I haven't reviewed this place yet.  Dang.Well.  Doctor G. is amazing.  I love to have a former neurosurgeon be the guy to inject things into my face.  Complete confidence.The ladies at the front (Hi Lailani) are beautiful inside and out!Jill who did my facials is AHHHMAHHHZING.  I never had the day after break outs with her.  And believe me...she worked on my face.  I have pores that have names.  I will miss them soo much but think I may make a visit to Charlotte just to see Dr. G.  Also, compared to other cities I have lived in the prices are very good.  Now in Atlanta and shocked about how much more every item is here. Go see Dr. G today.  And tell him Chloe says hi!
5	This place has been my second family since the day they opened their doors in 2007. Some employees have come and gone, but the entire staff is absolutely amazing. I trust Dr. G with my life & my Paramedical Esthetician Jamie is the only one I let touch my face period.I have made a gazillion recommendations to people all over the US (from all the traveling I do) for anything that anyone wants to do to improve there skin/body.Not currently living there, but whenever I get the chance to go to Charlotte I ALWAYS come in and get my services done.This is a trusted, clean, safe, honest, establishment and in my opinion the best and only Med Spa in Charlotte. Thanks Doc & all of the lovely front to back staff!!
5	I can't remember exactly when I started at Ageless; it's been at least 3 or 4 years. I have nothing but wonderful things to say about this place and all the staff. All the girls are wonderful, professional, and beautiful!Each time I go in I am always greeted with wonderful smiles and offered tea/coffe/water, etc. So nice.  It's always fun to look at all the unique products they have for sale.I have gotten laser hair removal treatments over the years as well as facials. Heather...just amazing! Love her!  We have fun with our conversations and she really takes care of me. Hair removal can be kinda scary..but she has allowed me to gain trust and confidence about it. I have recommended my friends to go see them and would recommend any of you reading to take some time to go visit; you won't be disappointed!See you all soon! ;-)
2	I visited this place for a facial. I normally go to Palestra Skin and Body institue on Casewell near the hospital but I wanted to try another place that may have more facial options. I made a appointment here. The staff was very friendly and the place it self was very clean and well put together. It was my first time some one came and took me on a small tour and then I shorlty met Cassie the girl that was doing my facial. This place had ALL good reviews on Yelp and city search so I really wanted to give them a try. The service I wanted cost around 800$ which was how much it cost everywhere but the facial i got called the Hydro facial cost me 150$. I was expecting something really good since my normal facial place Palestra is like 60 dollars for my express facial, which includes, steaming, extractions, antibacterial currents, mask and moisturizer, so I was really thinking i was going to get my 150 worth at AR. The Md came in and talked to me and he was rather nice. The facial itself felt AMAZING but I really dont think it was work 150, I later saw on there price menu all the facials are around 125 and up. I dont mind paying for something if I am getting something extra but Palestra was just better. The room I was in was very little at not as comfortable as I am used to. This could be b\c this is considerered a medical spa, but i just wanted to give a honest review b\c I did not see any reviews like this about price etc when I went. .I prefer the comforting spa like atmosphere so I will prob stick with Palestra
5	Heather gave me such a great facial!
5	Dr. Greenberg is such a sweet caring man! He listens to what your concerns are and explains the procedure in detail. He is gentle and a perfectionist, which gives you excellent results! I have had 2 procedures and am thrilled! I look 10 yrs younger! His spa is well equipped and offers many services! The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. I would highly recommend him.  Go visit his office for your free consultation.Linda McCarter
1	I went to this facility when I moved to Charlotte looking to get botox, which I have had regularly over the last 5 years. I know the drill. This place was highly rated here on yelp, so I felt very confident with bringing my mother along as well. It's in South Park, it has to be top notch, right? Should be worth paying a higher price per unit for professionalism.The facility itself is very pretty, the staff was very courteous and friendly. Although it is a bit "sales" vs. "relaxing" in the front with the products, etc. it's fine. Consultation was fine as well. My complaint is with our follow-up to receive the treatment itself.Dr. Greenberg sat down with my mother and I and we told him exactly how many units we wanted and in the locations we wanted. We were both very clear with him.  He nodded his head, and simply did whatever he wanted. I say this, because when we got to the front desk to pay, my mother and I then found out he put in DOUBLE what we both explicitly asked for - and we were floored. So instead of paying around $250 as was expected I was now asked to pay more than $450. I was then told, "Well he puts in what he thinks you need, then you get free touch-ups in 2 weeks if you're not happy with the results." Wow. Would have been great to know that upfront. At that point, instead of pushing the issue, we were both actually kind of flustered and embarrassed because there were so many people around. Unfortunately, we left - disappointed and later became angry at what transpired. And if that wasn't enough, the botox didn't even seem to last more than a month! I've NEVER had such an experience with botox, so I'm unsure what happened to the formula, etc. but to pay such an amount and then not even have it last was just adding insult to injury. I didn't go back for the "touch-up" because who wants more of that insufficient product in my face? I tell any friend looking for botox to stay clear of this place. Any facility where they don't listen to your input is not worth visiting. But I'm sure skin treatments, etc. would be fine, I would never recommend anything beyond that at this location. Overpriced, and in this case - simply not worth the money at all.
1	Although everyone including the dr was very nice my results were traumatic in that my botox left my brows so low that my eyelids were folded over my lashes .  I went back upset weeks later & he did more injections which made my under eyes wrinkle horribly-  which I've never had.   I went back 2 weeks later and they did refund my money but it will be 3 to 6 months b4 this wears off.  I went to a plastuc surgeon for help & there is nothing I can do.   This dr at ageless remedies is NOT trained in this.  He is a retired dr does does this as a hobby & please be warned .   Our faces are not hobbies!  My eyes are awful.  I've had to wear sunglasses & avoid friends & family all summer.  I admit everyone there was kind but that doesn't help what he did to me.   Getting my money back was not enough to compensate.  3 months later & my eyes are still like this.  My eyes were my best feature.   Please go to a real facial plastics dr even if it costs a dollar more a unit .  Believe me it's worth it.  I had no idea this could happen.    Yes u can walk in or get in the next day... & yes they always  have the botox special but still .  It isn't worth 6 months of this & it's causing deep wrinkles that I never had.   This has been very depressing & traumatic or I would not have posted this.  I just felt it was my responsibility to warn others.     I don't do this to bash anyone.
