5	Very nice lingerie store. I love their Red Cherry faux lashes. They last forever and are made of real hair. They have a wide variety of sexy outfits to choose from for whatever your style tastes may be. The ladies who work here are very sweet, helpful, and always make me feel at ease. They have a great selection of thongs in a variety of colors and styles. *Note: Mention you are a dancer and receive a 15% discount.
5	Lingerie stores can be great places for Halloween accessories! I stopped in here looking for white shorts or something to wear under a short costume. Funny, was in here last Halloween looking for something similar...  Well, on both occasions the women in the store were so friendly and helpful!  They really have a huge selection of clothing, lingerie, shoes, accessories and the customer service is great.
4	I've been to 7th Heaven twice. The first time, there was a teenage girl working who dismissively said "hi" to me and that was it. I was looking at shoes, which they have to get your size for you out of a closet, and she never once asked if she could help me. Terrible. I avoided the place after that.I went back last week as a last ditch effort since Fascinations had nothing for shoes, and Tiffany was working. She was super, super sweet and helpful. She dug through the closet multiple times for me (I'm extremely picky... so sue me), and upon not finding my size in a style I liked, suggested I at least try one size up in one of the brands; tada, they fit! Woohoo! She was even genuinely happy that they fit and that I could leave with a pair of shoes.As Kelly said, they do give 15% off for dancers and offer a shoe warranty for $4, where they'll repair your soles or heels. This is a steal since shoes are $50+ and the soles often wear out in 6 months, and unless you looooove blisters, who really wants to buy a new pair and have to break them in all over again? Minus one star only because they have kind of a limited selection of dresses and like everywhere else, are usually out of stock on 7/8/9s in shoes.
