3	Pretty busy lab.. either make an appt or expect a wait!
1	This is one of the worst labs I have ever been to and I tried it more than once.  One time I sat in the jam packed waiting room for over 45 minutes without a single patient being called.  The staff were unbelievably rude and it is always insanely crowded.  If you can manage the Sonora Quest in Glendale takes appointments and has always been great.
4	decently short wait, actual appt time was very quick, only downfall is if you havent been there, go a little early.. it can be a little  tricky to find the first time! lol
4	I am a fan for 2 main reasons, convenience and professionalism.  If I can offer 3 hints.(1)  If you are immunologically challenged  (i.e. have cancer and in chemo, elderly or otherwise need to avoid the sick or crowded areas) I would see if your doctor could set up an in office blood draw. This place is busy and filled with the sick, coughing and sniffling. (2) I am not the biggest germaphobe [hell I have eaten a chapulin(grasshopper) out of the hand of an old lady selling them on the streets of Mexico] and I am not a fan generally of hand sanitizer, but even I wish they offered a Purell dispenser near the door upon exiting.  The location is not dirty per say but knowing the quaNtity of people that run through here with most of them being all sneezy, sniffly and coughing, statistically speaking there is higher risk of contraction or exposure. Well I kind of feel the same way at a mall, amusement park or airplane.(3) Make an appointment.  Either call or register online.  If you don't make an appointment go in just after they open (usually around 7a) sign in and wait.  I have been pretty lucky when i have gone early.  The later you go in without an appointment the longer you stand the chance of waiting.   The intake staff are professional and helpful.  The process is quicker if you are ready with the necessary forms/cards and you know to sign in as soon as you walk in.   The  lab techs and phlebotomists are some of the best.  On my most recent visit the phlebotomist was so smooth.  I could not even feel the transition of the tubes as they filled one and replaced it with another.  I am not afraid of shots or needles but for someone who is, you don't want to have to see or feel it more than you have to or fear that if you or they move they will rupture the vein.  *arg* Scary right!
4	I was impressed.  This particular location isn't in the best part of town, but it is close to my work and attached to a hospital.  The facility was super clean and organized, the staff were all friendly and knowledgeable, and they had me in and out within 15 minutes of my apointment time, which I truly appreciate.
