4	typical yogurt place, where all the the yogurts are no-fat or 98% fat-free. they had a yogurt made out of Sweet Potato??? Didn't taste too bad; at least worth a sample. the staff was friendly.
1	I've been here a couple times hoping it would be better than the last because I love froyo and this place is the closest to home but I'm am always disappointed. There were no lactose free options, which many places have, and the yogurt itself came out a little melted already every time we've gone. Half of the add-ins were empty and none of the fruit looked fresh. Won't make this mistake again because I won't be back. Better option is I drive a few more miles to anthem or anywhere else, really.
4	When they announced earlier this year via Twitter that they were introducing a Silk (dairy-free) option, my vegan world went wild! There are only a handful (3, to be exact) of stand alone TCBY locations in the PHX metro area. I like this one because it's one of the larger locations, and they always offer 2 vegan (dairy-free) frozen "yogurt" options: Chocolate and Vanilla - both made with Silk almond milk.  Mix them together for some swirl action. Swirl! (Also, they have had the vegan/ dairy-free options since at least April of this year, so I'm not sure if the previous reviewer is writing an outdated review, or if she reviewed the wrong location, but lactose free IS available here.)For about a month last spring, they offered a coconut-milk vanilla option, and mixed with the almond milk chocolate it tasted like an Almond Joy. Delicious! But sadly, the coconut milk option didn't last. This location also has a TV.  We hung out and watched Men in Black III while eating our desserts, which was pretty darn cool.It's a bit pricey. I was charged over $15 for my vegan cup of swirl, DD's little cup of vanilla with candy toppings, and 1 bottle of water.  They do have deals though, like $2 Waffle Cone Wednesdays. (Be careful with the waffle cones though. This summer, my chocolate leaked all over my clothes from the bottom of the cone.  Apparently, you have to layer the bottom of the cone with one of their toppings so it'll soak up the ice cream. Weird, but just so you know!)
