4	This is the only place I take my cars to get serviced.  Staff is great, the prices are reasonable and they don't try to con you on stuff you don't need.  Make sure you call ahead of time; there is usually a waiting list.
5	This is one family business that remains true to old fashioned values.    The owner's son is the face that greets you at the door and the mechanic has been with the company for almost 10 years.  These guys are dedicated to earning and keeping your trust all while providing top-notch friendly service.  It's nice to find a business I trust.  Auto and truck repair, classic cars, imports, and propane.
2	I used to live in this neighborhood and took my '89 pick-up truck to this place a few times.  I took my truck for some routine maintenance and fluid checks.  When I came to pick up my truck the brakes gave out while driving off the lot. Hmmm.  They offered to do fix my brakes and not charge me labor.  I agreed to do this - not a smart move looking back but I needed my truck and I wasn't able to drive it.  A couple of months later my brakes went out completely while I was driving on the road!  Luckily, I avoided any accidents.  To be fair, they did replace my brakes (again) at no additional charge.  I had gone through too much at this point for that to make much of a difference for me.I would definitely ask these for these guys to give you the old part if something is going to be replaced.  I would also ask for their receipt for any purchase of the new part.  I am a little suspicious that they may be using refurbished parts.  I will not be using this company again.I should note this was about 5 years ago.  The shop may now be run in a more honest and efficient way today.  I really try to support local, small businesses and don't really like giving low ratings. I would just recommend to proceed with caution.
4	It is so nice to find a honest repair shop. They are quick fair.  They will be the only ones to work on our cars from now on.Now that we have moved to SLC we will miss Dominic and his team!!
5	Love these guys. They have always been fair and honest. I highly recommended them.
2	Over the years I've taken my vehicles there a few times, and twice had to pick my vehicle up without getting the work done. The first time they said that they weren't equipped to fix the problem, but it turned out that they completely misdiagnosed it, anyway. The second time they thought they knew what the problem was, but refused to give me a quote based on their recommended solution. I love supporting the local shops, but this one is really only good for oil changes if you can deal with the guy at the front desk who has the customer service skills of an injured baboon. The owner is a nice guy, but he just tinkers on his own vehicles and doesn't seem to care that the front desk guy is losing him business. Unfortunately, I cannot recommend this place.
