1	This place sucks...it could be a nice laundromat as laundromats go but unfortunately, they let 20 little kids run through the store pouring cherry flavored sugar straws in with your laundry, and not cleaning up the place..there is always one Mexican lady there who never speaks...I don't think she speaks English, but is never very helpful. I hate this laundromat with a passion they need to get some better help in here and have more control over the people that wash here. Plus that it is virtually in possible to get a hold of any one if you want to complain and no one has ever answered one of the comment cards I have left, most of  the time they do not have them, I have been ripped off here had laundry ruined.Not worth it to go here.
5	They have machines that work really well on my clothes, even when I come in with 15 loads of laundry.  (They have multi-load machines.)  The dryers are super fast at drying, and my clothes are practically pressed when they come out.  Free Wi-Fi and television are available.  They also have a friendly staff who told me about several deals they have going right now.  I did 15 loads of laundry last night for under $20.  Nice!
4	I don't know how it is on weekends but I've gone twice on weekday afternoons and I love that you don't need quarters and that I can do my whole laundry basket at one time. Just a warning though. The dryers aren't very strong so make your loads a little smaller. For the price, it shouldn't be a problem.
1	i will never go back to this place. i spent 27 dollars washing and no wifi. when i asked if they could turn it on, the girl looked at me like i was crazy. there is a big sign on the front window that states "free wifi" now as far as the machines go, they washed ok, nothing amazing.  oh, and the parking sucks. never again.
3	It's somewhat ok. Seems clean enough. Don't use powder detergent though. At least not on the front loaders the fans blow all the time and that powder will get blown in your face. They need to work on more places to sit too. Not always easy to sit outside when it's hot or you're pregnant and need to get off your feet.
5	Generally clean, but of course it shows the use of many patrons who don't cleanup after themslves. Usually there's an attendant on duty wiping and sweeping.The machines accept an onsite credit card that you'll load with paper money, so don't bother saving up quarters for this place. Oh, and it opens at 6am!
