3	History has been made in this pub...In my work's shopping complex (that's dangerous,lol), we have seen the news here, handfuls of rounds bought by the bartender when -name your team wins- I aint a fan of football so whatever. I'll take the free drink anyday though!We've seen managers on their way to bigger and better things, co-workers send off to other stores, and happy birthdays. Really we go there all to often to blow off steam. They know what we drink!Wolf has been there for years,though I havn't seen him in a while..Which reminds me I'm due to stop in.It's mainly a sports bar with a different sport, seemingly on every tv, and the place seriously lights up when whomever wins.Bathrooms are nice for bar bathrooms.the bar itself appears unfinished, and has for the 9+ years I've been at my pedestrian job.gives it its charm, I suppose.
4	I should let you know that I have a very basic list of requirements in a bar: attractive lady bartenders, ice-cold beers, good service, low prices. THAT'S IT. I love having a million tv's all over the place, but that seems like an extra perk to me. Having said that.... I love PT's.This particular location is semi-close to work, so sometimes we drop in to grab a drink after work. I only ever get a beer or two before heading out for other things, so I cannot complain too much about prices or anything like that. However, I showed up last Sat at like 5pm with a buddy, and all drinks were half-priced with their loyalty card. We had a lot of Jack and Coke's for like $30, which was a great deal. I was totally happy with the price, the drinks flowed well, and the lady bartender was hot. Happy camper, right? Mostly. At first, they were quick to keep giving us new drinks. Towards the end, they tapered off really quick. I could've totally had another drink had they offered, but I sobered up and realized the best thing would be for me to stop. Still, I'll be back.
4	This was a 2nd choice for viewing the Stanley Cup, after a Summerlin "Irish" pub would not play the Bruins game (Wha)?.Anywho, this PT's was very friendly, cheap drinks and a bartender that was cheering loud and hard for Hockey!! My new go-to hide out!
4	Came looking for a nice place to watch Hockey...and I found it.... Comfy seating...good service...my new go to place
1	I met my husband at PTs after work tonight to have a drink and quick dinner. My food took so long we asked for the check before they brought it. Could not even get the the waitress to bring us another drink. Horrible service...will not go back!!!
1	The atmosphere in this place is about the only thing this place has going on on a Saturday night.The bartender "mark" did a horrible job with service.Had me and my group waiting about an hour to get anything.I waited an hour to order some food. I finally got up and complained to the manager about my dilemma.  She was very attentive and took care of my problem(thanks jessie). Everytime mark came  around he kept acting like a complete a**hole.This guy needs to be replaced with a hearltess evil vilian, maybe he'll be a better bartender.
1	Made a mistake and tried going again just for a drink because it is so close to our house. We waited over ten minutes and did not see one bartender, waitress or even a cook!  People were walking out. This PTS is a joke.  People were sitting there waiting for service and to pay. No one ever came out onto the floor. The bar was unattended for the ten minutes we waited and the guy next to us said it had been awhile since anyone was ever seen.
1	A few weeks ago my daughter and her friends came to visit Vegas. We have tried a few other pt's around the area and the experience was great. We decided to go to this pt' on rainbow since it was closest to the house. The lady bartender was the worst. She completely ignored us and stuck to her usual customers. The busboy was more helpful. We made sure she got no tips and we gave the tip to the busboy instead. Tip to the lady bartender- be friendly and courteous to all that walks in that door. It pays your salary. It doesn't hurt to smile.
3	It was OK. I wasn't scared or threatened, but I also didn't have that instant thought after you sit down with your first drink , "wow, I need to come here more often." My husband and I sat on a couch and watched the local news. Someone at the bar was eating nachos and they looked good. That's about it.
5	This place is great! The bartender, Mark, is always aware of his customers. He's funny and a great guy. My food was awesome... I mean I only got chicken wings and fires and I have to say, they're better then WingStop. It was a great atmosphere. Definitely coming back.
1	Bars don't really have to do much to capture a decent review from me, specially in Vegas where they have gaming. I've been here before several times for some late night pizza and nothing stood out nor got under my skin. Last night was by far the worst experience of my life at any bar. My buddy was going to a bank to get some gambling cash so asked me to order him some beer and get us a pizza. I sit down, put a twenty in the machine and started to order; this is the beginning of the nightmare experience... I order his beers and myself a bud light response: "I can't comp you a large beer and your friend can order his own beers." Ok fine he's irritated about something, understandable. Next question, "well can I please get a chicken bbq pizza?" Without missing a beat, "$9 how do you plan on paying for that!?" I haven't even played a hand yet and if he gathered to look at my card,  he would have seen that I go to pts a lot. My buddy comes in and before I can even tell him about why he didn't get his beers the bartender does the exact same thing even though I had an open tab. If that wasn't bad enough he had an attitude the entire night and was often found sitting down before I can place order. Never again will I go here because of that experience.1 star is being generous.
4	I've been to a few PT's, but this one is my go to spot. Always a good crowd, never crowded, and the bartender Mark is always there to take care of you. Can't complain at all.
1	A big group of us are here today to have a good time.. Drink, shoot some pool and let me tell you the bartender is absolutely horrible. There is just a few other people here.  I came up to the bar to ask if they can put the game we came in for on one of the TVs and it took FOREVER for her to even acknowledge me sitting at the bar.. Then she says to me, "I really have to finish this story (and points to a male customer) but what do you want?" - rudely.  Then I come up to the bar a little later after our group has already spent quite a bit on drinks, and I'm trying to order food for us ... Guess what, I sit there with the menu in hand for at least 10-15 mins and still no acknowledgement... I sit and patiently wait as she's talking it up with another male customer then goes on her cell. Finally I said, fu*k it.  I cannot believe how horrible the customer service is. And I think it's because either I'm not a regular or I don't have the right body parts. I am utterly appalled. And, no I will never return to this location.  You are losing money with this bartender running your bar.
