4	The crowd is as chic as the decor in this upscale cocktail lounge, so dress accordingly . . . but don't look too closely, or that fair damsel's Adam's apple will spoil the illusion. The ladies tend to be transgendered or transvestities, so if you're a straight guy on the prowl, keep moving. There's live entertainment Monday, Tuesday, Friday, and Saturday nights.
1	I'm not sure how this place operates at night, but as a brunch place, it's absolutely lousy.We had to seat ourselves, track down our own menus, and wait 10 minutes every time we requested anything.  It wasn't even busy, so I'm not sure what the reason was.The food was something that I could have easily made at home. We got charged $0.75 for salsa that was offered to us. Our waitress basically ignored us until we asked her to come over, and even then it would take her 10-15 minutes to show up.  Asking for a cup of coffee was like asking them to embark on a quest to track down the holy grail and present it to us.  Oh...and for such crappy service, they make sure to tack on a 15% gratuity at their discretion.  Excuse me, but you did not earn that.Boooooooooo!!!
1	I ate here with a group of 5, one whom was the lovely Ms Katie M.  See her review for more.Bitch took ten minutes to bring me a cup of coffee, then disappeared until we asked her for the 15% auto-gratuity.  I did not order food, but what arrived looked like Denny's, only shittier and more expensive.
4	Booze filled Guitars!! $40.00 and they play music!!
1	My fellow Yelpers', if you are in Las Vegas walking down the strip, do yourself a favor and do not, under any circumstances, come eat here. Avoid this place like a wicked case of herpes. Trifecta of awefulness here. My wife and I both ordered burgers. I got the special of the day which was a chipotle burger and she got the "cs melt" When the waitress came back 30 minutes later, she handed me a chili burger. I asked here why I got a chili burger and apparently the cooks can't read very well, they thought it was chili not chipotle. I did not want to wait for another half hour so i just ate it. It was terrible. My wife's burger came with swiss but it wasn't real swiss. It was that Kraft singles friggin swiss. Hers was inedible, we threw it away. And the fries were even worse. AND they cost extra which they neglect to tell you on the menu. None of the sandwiches come with fries. Worst $25 I spent in Vegas. Did I mention the crap Bloody Mary was $9.50?!?! Avoid, avoid, avoid!!!!!
1	My wife and I  came here for a quick lunch and were disappointed. The breakfast burrito was bland and the mushroom burger was made with canned mushrooms.The service was extremely slow and we had to wait 20 minutes for our check
