5	This pet store always has cool breeds of dogs from which to choose. Today's special friend was a "Frug"...a mix between a French Bulldog and a Pug. 100% adorable.
1	Yes, I wander in here all the time because I can not resist a puppy, BUT, and please read, the puppies are from puppy mills.  I asked for some sire/dam information on a golden retriever puppy out of curiosity.  Despite talking about the pedigree they could not tell me how large either parent was and said it was impossible to get any information.  The dogs are adorable, but you are better off going to a shelter or finding a good breeder.Poor things!
1	I should have read reviews first before purchasing a puppy from this company.....  This company claims they do not get puppies from puppy mills however after doing the research on the breeder of my new puppy I found they are a very large puppy mill and they in fact have been protested many times. Purchasing a puppy from this company is a guarantee you will spend lots of money at the vet that they own as well and waiting to see if the Warranty will give pay you back for all spent.  This store has a history of exactly what took place with my puppy send the puppy home with a clean bill of health and in fact he has a parasite that requires treatment, testing , and upper respiratory infection that requires meds as well.  Lets not forget that many return trips to the vet on the other side of town to get meds after test results came in.  I have made contact with CPI the owner of Animal Kingdom and no help from them either.  This place is a joke and the person who did all of our paper work for our new puppy is now very rude and disrespectful guess after she got her commission she was done with us..  I hope this helps anyone looking for a puppy to steer clear of this RIP OFF place.
1	I bought a puppy from this place and had nothing but a sick dog and a lot of medical bills and then it died within 5 months after purchase. This place full of lies just to make a commission. STAY AWAY and find a good breeder. It's a rip-off.
1	I got my dog here and I got lucky with him.  the dogs are almost all from puppy mills, and are very overpriced, they're usually given with fake info, as in my puppy was twelve weeks but I was told he was ten weeks, and from show lines but with more research I learned he was from a known puppy mill. If you want a certain breed of puppy then do your research and get from a REPUTABLE BREEDER in your area or search for BREED SPECIFIC RESCUES,this is usually a lot cheaper and you get a better dog. This place should be shut down. I will definitely not be referring anyone here.
