4	After stopping in here after work last week, I can now die knowing what a 15,000 dollar light fixture looks like.  It sure is pretty, but I had no idea a light could cost that much.  We've been looking for a light for our near-completed bathroom project for quite a while now.  Our taste is a little left of the middle and after leaving Modern Lighting empty handed, this was kind of our last hope.  Luckily, we found something we really liked, and amazingly enough we managed to pick the cheapest thing in there!  They have a huge assortment of chandeliers, fixtures and sconces.  The store is quite beautiful to look at and just browse.  Hinkley's is sure to please everybody's tastes and wallet sizes.
5	I've stopped here several times to pick up replacement bulbs and always had good service and advice.  Recently, I had a problem with an expensive low voltage fixture and Amy and Eric went all out to help.  They called the manufacturer and then followed up with me the next day to tell me how to test it.  Turned out their advice saved me a bunch of money and stress - the transformers were fine, I just needed a different bulb.  Love them!
2	I stopped by Hinkley's yesterday to look for a light for our bathroom remodel. I've also been eying the very cool paper star lights they hang in their windows as I drive past on my way to work each day. I was in the place 15 minutes and was not greeted once. There seemed to be only one gal working at the time (with a customer), but not even a "Hi there!" The shop has BEAUTIFUL lights, but the $650 one I loved is a bit out of my price range. Ok, WAY out of my price range. Even the paper stars were $30-40. Boo. Maybe there's a pocket of richies in Central Phoenix that can afford Hinkley's...but even if I could, I am turned off to shop here again....a simple "hello" would have been nice.
5	For a long time I heard from various people that the lights are phenomenal at Hinkley's but that I would pay for it dearly. I'd just like to state that in no way is that true.I went in needing something different, something fun to change up some spaces. Looking through the store I was more worried that none of the displays matched what I wanted exactly more than the price. Hesitant, I went to the counter and asked to look at some flush mount lights for a hallway that are more of a brushed metal finish.What did I end up finding? Lights for everything I needed that were exactly what I was picturing in my head. The price probably exceeds Home Depot, but these aren't your typical lights. After doing some price comparison, the lights were very reasonably priced and I went in the next day to place an order. Jennifer, the woman that helped me previously, answered all my questions and helped me with everything. In the end, they were even able to swing a discount on some of the items, thus lowering the price more.If you are looking for lights in Phoenix, please ignore all the misconceptions about insanely high prices at Hinkley's. The service is fantastic, the lights are gorgeous to look at, and the prices are insanely competitive.
3	I think this place needs to be treated more as a museum than a retail store.I came here looking for a few new floor lamps for my sweet new pad.  I had no idea of the caliber of this place - just that it seemed to be a Phoenix staple that I have driven by a zillion time.  I thought it was a normal lamp store.  Nope. This is a high class, fancy pants lamp store!! I didn't see anything for under $200 (even the teeny little ones) and there were huge chandeliers that went all the way up to $17,000.  The lights they had were beautiful, unique and in a wide range of styles from funky modern to antique.  The service was sub-par and I was only greeted after wandering the store in awe for 20 minutes.
3	Love the stars!  They are the only thing affordable in this place!
2	Love the stars!  But you can get them online cheaper.  The other lighting that they carry is WAY overpriced and quite antiquated.
