1	Go to April's. They have better flowers there, they are nicer to deal with and I usually always use them (5 years).  This Valentine's Day I tried Campus Florist because I couldn't get a hold of April's in time and I was disappointed.  For more details keep reading.  The flowers were brought to be delivered and the recipient was not home, so someone who lives nearby signed for them.  We don't know them and they were not her friend.  So she did not get her flowers from them until the day after Valentine's Day (kind of defeats the purpose of the gift), when they were almost dead due to no water and 4/12 were missing.  I understand this is an honest mistake but it is a mistake and of the two parties involved, the florist is liable.  So I went down the next day and asked for a refund and they refused.  They said they were delivered so they could not give me my money back.   They did end up giving me new roses, which is ok but not what I asked for and it was with an attitude, like I was the one cheating them out of $60.   If you are sending flowers to someone special in Champaign, especially from out of town or to someone who is out of the house during the day (most people) go to April's Florist.
4	I came to this place after having no luck with English Hedgerow, searching for a potted flower for a balcony.  Considering I knew next to nothing about this, I needed some attention from a worker who could answer questions about durability and how to take care of the flowers I was looking at.  Immediately, a young lady came out and asked if she could help me, then proceeded to knowledgeably guide me to a potted azalea and a potted daisy.  I actually bought the daisy first, but right after going out, I decided I wanted the azalea, and she was quick to allow me the exchange (especially since the azalea was about twice the price).  Considering the flowers I got were VERY well received, I feel like this was an overall positive visit.
5	I got *great* customer service here. Phyllis made me a beautiful arrangement, and was willing to come in before opening time so I could pick them up.
1	Walked in today, they were open but there was literally nothing in there refrigerator displays. They were putting all items into boxes and the lady there said they were going to close for the week. Nothing on their window, their door, or online to indicate this. I wasted a trip.
