4	Came with six friends for dinner. Place just opened and smells new. Kitchen staff still a little slow, but the food is great and I think they'll pick it up. Everything was prepared with care - really, every dish was quite delicious and interesting and they will bring you extra hot sauces if you need it. Had various rolls, spicy marinated beef, a pork bun sandwich and a delightfully prepared whole tilapia that was exquisite! I will definitely be going back and heartily recommend.
5	New cool place......the service is very friendly.  The food is really authentic.  The pork steamed bun was extremely delicious.  My friend couldn't stop eating the lamb soup with lamb brochettes.  Definitely will go back soon.
4	Great tasty food and good service. What else can I ask for. Highly recommend. My wife is Indonesian and she also thought place was authentic and great.
2	Nice staff.....starters were totally tasteless.....main courses were pretty bland and not spicey at all....not the worst Indonesian food I've ever eaten but not good enough to eat there again.
4	Went to check this place out yesterday and was pleasantly surprised. The decor was fresh and clean, with a small bar. I loved the cozy ambiance and friendly vibe. Overall the food was was delicious, and maybe a tad bit bland. But delicious regardless. On service It was polite and I only didnt understand the pace of serving the items having given them one by one :S A bit unsual but not much to complain there. Overall a good restaurant that is promising in its menu.
4	A trip to aroma land! The food here is just that - aromatic, delicious and just about right on the palette. Must try Gado Gado, Pangsit Goreng for appetizers. Loved the Pangsit Goreng (Fried Chicken wantons - Indo style) with sambal (spicy sauce) Ayam Bakar Kecap with Coconut rice was a nice touch for the main dish.Deco is warm and friendly service. Accepts all major credit cards.Average price is $10 CAD per main dish and $6 CAD for appetizers Am going there again - heard the braised beef is very good
5	Soto Ayam was the best I've had.  The broth, which is typically very mild in most Sotos, was flavorful and aromatic, with a strong kick of citrus ginger from the galangal.  Beef Rendang was equally flavorful and rich, with a pleasantly spicy dollop of chili sambal on the side (could have eaten a whole bowl of it).
5	My wife and I ate dinner here before going to a Habs game at the Bell Centre earlier this week.  The service and food were excellent!  We had the fried chicken dumplings to start, which came with an excellent home made hot chili paste for dipping.  We had chicken skewers and a yellow lamb curry for dinner.  Both of which were excellent (though the curry was by far and away the best dish of the night.)  We would highly recommend this restaurant and hope to return.
5	We had a delicious meal and the price was more than fair. Definitely recommend the papaya salad and the noodle dish.My boyfriend & I were practically fighting over the last Bakpao Gapit (Steamed buns + braised pork belly)- a must order!
5	This was our first time to an Indonesian resto and it won't be our last. Our server was helpful with describing the cuisine and making recommendations. We started with the beef and grilled fish cakes. Then on to shrimp and fish for our entrees. So yummy! We were even privileged to have the Indonesian ambassador dining there the same evening. When we return to Montreal, we'll eat there again.
5	We had Bakpao Gapit (steamed buns with pork belly), Bakmi Goreng (Fried noodles), Beef Rendang, and Sate Ayam (Chicken skewers with peanut sauce).I will start by saying as an Indonesian, all of the dishes tasted like how I would expect it and more, which is a compliment of its authenticity. Not westernized much, except for the spicy-heat level which had to be tuned down, it'd be spicier traditionally, which makes sense or else they won't be able to sell!Rendang: Probably the best beef rendang I've ever had! (I was born and grew up in Indonesia).It's not your usual rendang which is USUALLY a bit tough, this was slow cooked till veryyy tender, I was quite surprised. For a $15 you get a huge portion of tender beef in coconut milk sauce that comes with vegetables and rice (which you can substitute for an extra $1.5 for Nasi Uduk or Nasi Kuning, both are coconut milk based rice basically, personally I would strongly recommend you to do it). Well worth it, a must have. The taste reminded me of home.Bakmi goreng, fried noodles comes with chicken and shrimp. It's a simple good-old noodles with sweet soy sauce. For those who likes something simpler. Again, big portion and delicious !Sate Ayam, chicken skewers w/ peanut sauce comes with vegetables and rice. I didn't try this one but my friend said it's the best dish she'd ever had (mind you she comes from the country of culinary, France). Good enough for me!Bakpao Gapit, steamed bun, again I didnt try it but they said it was very good.For desserts, Lapis Surabaya: traditional layered Indonesian cake with a bit of jam in between and Kue Pepek: rice cake pudding with coconut milk. Both are good !!!I think it's owned by him/the waiter too, an Indonesian so I had a bit of chat with him, nice guy. also speaks French and English so no need to worry !Oh and do check on their specials too.WILL DEFINITELY come back !
5	I took my family here last night. What a treat the food was great. For those that are worried that it might be to spicy it was not. My wife actually wanted extra chilly sauce for her dish.the owner was very attentive and the restaurant was spotless. I would highly recommend this place.
3	Chicken dumplings were good. Gado gado salad was ok. Out of the main meals the braised beef was the best. The fish and shrimps were so-so - no real punch of flavors. Maybe I'm just not a huge fan of Indonesian cuisine in general, I've had it many times and it never really impresses.
5	Amazing Indonesian food .Wonderful service I'm definitely coming back .Two thumbs up
3	The food is ok. A nice room, decent service and reasonable prices. I had a lamb stet hat was ok...would not order again. The apps are good and the soup was very good. Will go back and try other menu items.
3	Our dishwasher broke the day before Thanksgiving.Needless to say this resulted in many a restaurant dinner but despite that (thanks to Thanksgiving) an ever accumulating pile of dishes we now call "Mount Doom". So even when the heavens poured their miserable buckets of fall water on us we dragged our butts outside to enjoy food at its finest: the kind with no dishes. This is how we ended up here, Gado Gado, a small, simple but clean, Indonesian restaurant...that was entirely empty (and it stayed that way). A slightly confused waiter came up to our table, handed us menus, and took our drink order: Extra spicy Caesar (as per usual) por favor! I ended up ordering Bakpao and Laksa, while the husband unit decided on fried chicken skin and Sate. We also got side orders of sambal, krupuk and nasi kuning (why do I have to pay for a miserable little bowl of sambal and two pieces of krupuk?...sigh).The Bakpao was awesome, loved every bite of it, even kept one for the moping hubby across the table who didn't enjoy his chicken skin (it was fine, not great however) and he loved it as well.My Laksa was good but not extraordinary, I ate most but got bored with it after a while.Meanwhile the husband was poking at his food and making little soy figures on his plate, I asked him what was up and he responded something along the lines off "I don't like this, it doesn't taste like Sate at all, I can't find any peanut flavour", so I guess he didn't  enjoy his meal. I must say it did look rather sad, meat sticks, no Sate sauce, a tiny spoon of veggies and some steamed rice.At one point slightly confused waiter man shows his face again, and I order another Caesar, this resulted in more confusion and me having to confirm it as if he never had a second drink order before, poor guy, the Caesar is pretty good too so what is all the confusion about?*shrug*And that was the end of our Gado Gado adventure.The prices weren't bad, despite having to pay for the sambal and krupuk, so that's a plus.I would come here again, but for lunch and only for the Bakpao (oh fine, and probably a Caesar, but just one), the rest was just not good enough to warrant a second visit.Too bad, but 3 stars it is (for now).
4	Started with fish cakes (pempek palembang) and beef rendang (rendang dating). Everything was very flavourful. Rice was sticky and cooked to perfection. Rendang was a moist curry not too spicy and beef was tender.
4	I always wanted to try indonesian food for a while now and when my friend suggested gado gado i jump on the occasion. First impression : the place is new and is quite minimalistic i find it lack a tiny bit of authenticity in terms of decor, but that's just me. As for the food, I find it excellent we ordered the beef   skewers and the lamb, and both did not disappoint. Also, really good service, the waiter was at first a bit reserved but he end up being really nice and helpful. Overall I will highly suggest everyone to try this unique cuisine and also give some visibility to this well deserved restaurant. Indonesian cuisine is something that needs to gain some visibility.
5	I don't write many Yelp reviews, but I think Gado Gado deserves more press. We started with the otak-otak ikan (fish cakes), the signature Gado Gado salad, and the chicken dumplings. The fish cakes weren't up my alley, but my wife enjoyed them. I found the salad and the dumplings exceptionally flavourful. As a main course we shared the ayam bakar kecap (chicken in sweet soy sauce). The chicken was perfectly cooked and incredibly moist.Our only regret was not ordering the Rijsttafel, a varied combination platter for groups of diners. For some reason it only appeared on the take out menu despite being available in the restaurant. Another table ordered one and it looked spectacular.We'll definitely return.
5	Amazing food and even better service. Have had a number of menu items and all are delicious! The waiter was attentive and helpful. The sponge cake dessert is yummy!
4	Excellent meal with the exception of slow service. Maybe the kitchen was overwhelmed. Okay, the dessert really wasn't my kind of thing, but the meal itself was nice and flavourful.
3	Tasty food - but be forewarned - the style of food is from Palembang - so if you are expecting the sweet and super spicy flavors of Jakarta - you will be disappointed. Still definitely worth eating here!
4	Great food!  The beef dish with steamed rice called Rendang Daging was succulent and very delicious. The lamb skewers and lamb curry dish with steamed rice, Sate Kambing was pretty good too. The portions were huge and we had no room for dessert.  Some negatives of the restaurant include its slow service and subpar appetizers. The chicken dumplings we had for appetizer were not that great. They were bite sized and there were only four in one plate.
5	Excellent Food. Decent ambiance. Poor (no) air conditioning but hey, we're not in US anymore We had steamed pork belly buns which were out of this world, seared duck and braised beef which were excellent, and laksa (a curry soup with chicken, egg, tofu, sprouts etc...) which was interesting but not quite my cup of tea. The owners were courteous and the service efficient. Definitely worth visiting. P.S. My French vocabulary consists of 3-4 words and I was not immediately demoted to a second class customer. That in and of itself earns this restaurant an extra star
5	This is a great restaurant for people who like Asian food. It's authentic, not spicy (although they have amazing hot sauce which I asked for). Really well prepared and not greasy or "fast food like" at all. Had the pork belly steamed buns which I could have eaten 20 of, chicken satay, braised beef and a noodle dish. The home made shrimp chips were the best I have ever had. This is a family run restaurant, which I always like to support when it's good. This place is not just good, it's GREAT!
4	Stopped in for lunch, had no idea I'd get the delicious food I did.There were 4 items on the lunch special menu; I got the first--filet mignon medallions grilled on wood skewers with a peanut sauce.  Sounds simple, but the seasoning, cook, and sauce were all perfect.The meal came with a "chicken soup" that was not American chicken soup, but rather a very tasty broth with thin rice noodles, vegetables, and pieces of thinly sliced chicken.  Hit the spot on a cold, rainy day--much more flavorful, with much better texture than any American chicken soup I've had.To finish it off, had a multi-layer cooked pudding for dessert.  It came with a bit of vanilla / chocolate sauce; together, they were very nice.  The pudding portion was a bit large, as it was pretty dense, but I enjoyed the textures and flavors a lot!The service was very attentive and friendly!Overall, a very nice experience; I would definitely go back! (4 stars)
5	I have had Indonesian food probably 8-10 times in my life (and in various cities). This was easily the best.  Outstanding... the pork belly buns were outrageous melt in your mouth. We had a noodle dish with shrimp plus a chicken red curry.  Crazy good.  Going back on the way out of town to get carryout for the long drive home from Montreal.
5	If you like Thai food, you'll LOVE Indonesian food from Gado Gado! It's a true hidden gem in Montreal! The Beef Rendang is a must-try and is authentic. It is so tender, flavourful, and falls off the bone. The house made hot sauce that comes on the side is sooo good. The decor is clean and modest. The food is authentic and top notch while prices are completely reasonable.
4	Really terrific Indonesian cuisine. The beef rendang and satay was absolutely delicious. The laksa lacked a little something-I can't quite put my finger on what.
4	This place deserves five stars for the incredibly lemongrassy chicken dumplings and the best beef rendang ever. My fellow young diners loved the satay, but they ate it all, so I can't offer my expert opinion. Some of the other dishes -- noodles, laksa -- were just average, but I would definitely be a repeat customer for the highlights. Friendly service and very fresh.
2	This place was meh. We came for dinner since we were staying at a hotel down the street and read the yelp reviews. When we walked in, we were the only ones there (although a family with some very loud children came in towards the end of our meal). The decor is polished, and there was one man who seemed to be the server and cook when we arrived. We ordered the lychee martini, fried tofu and seitan, lamb curry, red curry grilled chicken, and yellow curry soup. The tofu was okay, but the seitan was bitter and completely inedible (I normally love seitan!), and the dipping sauces were wayyy too salty. My family really didn't like the lamb curry, although the lychee martini wasn't bad, and I didn't mind my soup. Overall, the meal was a little disappointing.
2	Honestly I would rate it a 2... Being a Friday evening there are only 3 tables occupied including us. There is only 1 wait staff and 1 chef. It took about 10 minutes to get our order and another 40 to get it served and the food was cold when it arrived, the taste was meh.. The only saving grace was their laksa that had true flavor
4	I liked the food a lot! The pork belly steamed bun is comparable to the ones at Satay brothers and that means really good. I ordered the beef jerky for starter; probably the most tender jerky I've ever eaten and surprisingly really tasty. I opted for the stewed lamb curry and wow. Nothing like a hearty food. Tender chunks of lamb although I would've loved a little spiciness on broth.
5	I've been here a couple of times and I must say that the food here is amazing! If you're looking to excite your palate and explore new cuisines, this is the place to go!The atmosphere is very subdued and quiet. The waiter is always willing to take the time to explain any item on the menu. The hot sauce is so good, I had to splurge and take some home with me! I know I will be going back once I run out of their hot sauce at home!Do yourself a favor and visit Gado Gado!
4	Having visited south east Asia many times and Bali being one of my favorite destinations ever l was craving some Indonesian food. While they didn't have nasi goreng, they had plenty of other delicious dishes including a braised beef dish that was to die for!Definitely going on my fave list for MTL. Add to that the hauntingly beautiful balinese music that I love, it's such a relaxing atmosphere!
5	Simple, delicious, fresh Indonesian food.We had a great time. All that we ordered came out quickly and offered outstanding flavors and notes.I would certainly recommend and for sure will go back during one my next stays in Montreal
3	There are very few Indonesian restaurant in Montreal so I was very excited to try this one out. The place is a bit hidden on mackay street, and the decor is very simple and relax. The service was nice but nothing exceptional.We had the tamarind soup to start with and the pork buns. The soup was tasty but nothing out of the world and the pork buns were fat. If you want good pork buns, I would rather suggest to go to Satay brothers or restaurant Ha. Then came the mains: shrimp and mango wrapped in a banana leaf and the braised beef. The shrimps were tasty but overcooked in my opinion. The braised beef was my favourite out of all dishes. For everything, the bill came out to 55$ tax and tips included, which I found a bit overpriced given that I was still hungry at the end (ok, I do have a big appetite :p).
4	The food had a ton of lemongrass in it which the rest of my party disliked but I loved the flavours! We had the following:-Laksa: good serving, a lot of "stuff" in it (noodles, vegetables, etc.) A lot of lemongrass and not very spicy. Great on a cold day!!-Bakmi goreng: delicious! Yummy with a bit of hot sauce. -Beef rendang: very strong beef flavours which were overall very delicious. COuld have used more rice. -Bakpao Gapit: we ordered the pork ones and they were AMAZING. Would go back just for ten of these. The music was very repetitive and gave everyone a bit of a headache. The waitstaff were kind of helpful with the orders but pushed the sate too much.
2	The service as slow. When we arrived at the restaurant we had to wait 10 min. before someone came and took our order. The food does not correlate with the description on the menu.  Pros: Halal.
