5	Dr Teddy Sim is amazing! Knowledgable, professional, and friendly! He takes the time to truly understand your reasons for coming in and also explains the process and the health benefits of chiropractic care. Affordable rates and quality care... You know you're in good hands with Dr Ted!
5	I've been to many Chiropractors.  Dr. Sim is wonderful.  He is very thorough.  He takes his time to explain what is wrong and gives a treatment plan as well as things to do at home to enhance the treatment.  He has a great sense of humor, is very personable and has a nice calm demeanor.  I highly recommend him.  My mom, who is 70, also went and had her initial consultation and treatment with Dr. Sim and really likes him.  We are both looking forward to our next adjustment.
5	I have many health issues in the past and with the help of Dr Ted I was able to start to bring my life to balance! He is very thorough in his analyses and gets to you better than you know yourself. He will give me great recommendations to target my problem areas and follow up with my health as my time allows it! :-)
5	Knee and shoulders been bothering for weeks and was using pain killers and ice to help. After just one adjustment, I can feel the difference! I can actually do more during my group class at the gym! Thanks Dr. Ted!
5	Dr. Teddy has done wonders for my stress and tension headaches.  I haven't seen a Chiropractor and he made it so easy for him to trust his adjustments and recommendations to live a healthier life!
5	Once you visit this Chiropractor you will realize that there  is an obvious reason why he was rated one of the  TOP 10 doctors of las Vegas and Henderson area. To me going to see Dr. Ted is a whole experience, from the way he friendly schedule you to the way he walk you through and follow up on your treatment.   He knows what he is doing and help you out with your health needs.    I know from my personal experience that he is VERY passionate about his career.  He is all about helping and educating his patients.
5	A very professional, caring and fun doctor. Very clean clinic, amazing staff and a personality that is only matched by his great medical skills. Thanks for fixing my back, Ted. After years of pain, ChiropracTED got me where I am now. Healthy and pain free.
5	It's like finding a pot of gold at the end of the Rainbow... Dr. Ted is more than an amazing doctor but a blessing person. I am a nurse by profession... My professional advise is to have Dr. Ted in your life! I love my liver so taking pills is not my thing... it's not gonna hurt you to have additional knowledge that are roots of body ailments... Even the best doctor you may know, whose knowledge is beyond what is being paid in the prescription, would recommend to seek a professional Chiropractor. All I can say is I am relieved :) :)
5	Teddy is amazing at finding your problem spots and working them out. I had to dance for 7 hours at a show recently and Teddy helped me to feel loose and comfortable enough to do the job. Thanks Dr Sims!
5	I drive all the way from Summerlin to see Dr. Ted. Caring, careful and skilled, and I am a big baby!
5	Very pleased with the care I been receiving the past three weeks at ChiropracTED.  I was skeptical about seeing a chiropractor - now I'm a believer.   My headaches diminished and the rates a very reasonable, much cheaper than the massage therapy and accupuncture.   Thanks Teddy Sim, DC
5	Dr. Teddy Sim is an excellent Chiropractor. He is kind, patient and cares about you as a person, not just a patient.  He is also a lot of fun and I always feel better when I leave. As an actress and former professional figure skater, he is the best at diagnosing and planning my rehabilitation. He is A+
5	Dr Ted is the best!!! Top notch care and very professional!! Had some back problems and he fixed me up fast and I continue to use his services to keep me in good shape for my future!! Best Chiropractor in town hands down!!!
5	Such an amazing doctor, extremely professional and well put together , he is a 'must see' doctor , he takes care of my daughter extremely well. Thanks Doc
5	What a wonderful professional! He is not only caring and an excellent chiropractor but he is also funny and makes the experience enjoyable. He is thorough in explaining what he is doing and how it's going to help. Not only that but he also supplies ways to keep your back strong. If you need an adjustment I recommend Dr. Teddy!
5	I have been going to Dr. Ted for months and cannot express how thankful I am to be his patient. I've been to other chiropractors before but have not experienced the relief I receive from adjustments like I do when he adjusts me. He has helped the subluxation in my spine to the point in which I no longer experience tinnitus or headaches. When I suffered a back injury and was in so much pain I couldn't touch my toes, Dr. Ted treated my injury. He monitored me closely and made sure I was progressing and showing signs of improvement. He had a plan for me and helped with my recovery without the use of more invasive measures. Dr. Ted is knowledgable, approachable, and cares for his patients. He truly had a steady clientele and has a following of other patients who feel the same way as I do!
5	If you are looking for an amazing chiropractor that will explain to you why it is you are experiencing pain then Dr. Ted is the guy! He will align your spine and give you the tools to prevent further pain. All in all Dr. Ted is a great guy with a passion for helping you feel better, can I make a recommendation? make an appointment today!
5	Dr Ted is an amazing doctor! I've been a patient of his for years & have followed him to the different practices. So glad he has his very own now! He's helped my neck & spine greatly. Would def recommend him to everyone
5	Thanks to Yelpers, (again) I have found a very good bone cracker. Mom is 84 and has very sever arthritis in the lower back. He explained to her that she needs to exercise more to keep the joints moving. He put her on a table and put some cold spray on and gently moved her legs and back to get things loosened up. I was worried that he might try to shift her bones around but he said, because of the arthritis being so bad, it is not a good idea to do that type of work on her. His prices are very reasonable and as you can see from the other reviews, he's one to check out if you need such a doctor.
5	Love Dr. Ted. I started seeing him after being rear ended in May. I had never been to a chiropractor before and was honestly very scared of the idea of an ajustment. Dr. Ted was so patient and gentle with me. I trust him with my spine and day!
5	I've felt carpal tunnel coming on for some time now and my back has always been hunched since I was young. After going to Dr. Teddy my back is seriously looking and FEELING straight! My carpal tunnel decreased within the first day of going! I went home and got on the computer and payed attention to my arm to see if it would start getting numb again and it didn't. Within 1 treatment my carpal tunnel feeling had decreased and I noticed! I've been going for a month now and friends can definitely tell my back is looking much better. I DEFINITELY RECCOMEND DR.TEDDY!!!!PS: He's a fun one so bring your sense of humor!! xD
