1	Totally Unbelievable......A healthcare company charging $100 to deliver a part especially being that your traveling and have been a customer for several years. They should do the right thing and deliver it for no charge. I called them to see if I could get them to waive the fee I was sure I would be able to get that accomplished and spoke to the branch manager and she was less than helpful and almost downright rude. Kept saying I am not trying to be difficult, oh yeah well than do the right thing and make it happen. Especially for someone who has been a customer for years. We never pay for delivery in Phoenix. She said the only thing we could do is pay the delivery charge or someone would need to come down to pick it up before 5. She had the odasity to say something like if it is that important to you, you should pay the $100. .....totally disgusting way to do business.
1	If negative stars were available, I would certainly give Apria several! My wife and I are in our sixties and had been using Apria's services for several years. A few months ago they started billing us for equipment which was covered under contract, with our Insurance company. We tried calling Apria's billing department several times and being placed on HOLD for up to 20 minutes each time. We were contesting the bill and apparently, that department is either overloaded with work; don't have enough help to answer phones; OR deliberately place clients with contested bills on hold to put them off. I then called back directly, and tried the department charged with accepting BILL PAYMENTS and they answered on the third ring! After speaking with a representative and explaining the situation she boldly told me that if the bill wasn't paid ON TIME we would be sent to a COLLECTION AGENCY. I told her that IF we were sent to a collection agency, I would be on the phone to the State Attorney General's office and charge Apria with coercion.After eight years with these clowns, we're through with them and their OVER CHARGES for equipment which should cost, by far, less money. We now do business with Lincare. Apria can kiss my ass.
1	Horrible company with horrible service.  Dan is the only great employee left...  save yourself and run.
