5	What a place!!! I stopped in on a stroll and I was wowed! The lady there told me I could do the work myself or she would for a extra fee. This place is perfect for teenage party's . You can do so much. I plan on doing most my Christmas shopping here cause it make it easy and personal. Love the giant letters. Great place for those of us that need someone else to do the wood cutting but like to custom the ideas and add the personal touch. Prices are great too.   So worth your stop. And no I have no connection  to the store . Just hope this place is around forever. Great place for wedding and baby gifts too.   Love this place
5	My sorority had a crafting event here, and it was really fun! They have racks and racks of wooden, cut letters and even examples of already crafted art pieces on the top shelves. The prices are a dollar or two above your regular craft stores, but the letters are a bit bigger and cut more accurately, so it's worth it.The women that work there are very sweet, and extremely helpful. They have a small workspace in the back where you can hold very small crafting parties. The space has tables, glitter, paint, paint brushes, buckets, ribbon -- anything that you could need to make a really cute and personal piece of art. You can even ask them to make something custom for you! :)
5	Found this place in October. I stopped by one afternoon and was surprised to see all the creative options available. I purchased a few projects to work on and then went back for more. I can't wait to stop in again for the next holiday!!
5	If you're looking for something to do with your little one, this is a great place.  Or if you like painting woodwork (like many of the projects that I've seen on 2 artsy idea type websites), but don't have equipment to cut your own wood, this is the place for you.I came here with a mommy group, brought my 2 year old who loves to paint.  The selection I thought was pretty good - lots of seasonal woodcuts; for upcoming seasonings (fall/thanksgiving), and even offerings from the most recent seasons (summer/spring/easter).  The ladies here even provide the paint and paper which is included in the painting price, or they had a case where you could buy your own paint and paper.  For the little kids, they even have a little table that they can paint on and they also provide aprons if you didn't bring messy clothing.  I thought that was really great.  Also, if the kiddos get bored but mommy is still painting, they even have a selection of toys and books to keep the little ones busy.  The painting/crafting side with the tables was a decent sized area, the wood cut out selection was really good, as was the paper and paint and just about any embellishment that you could possibly need, and they also had the rub-on vinyl letters for other various projects.  Also, if you're stymied for an idea, there were a lot of completed pieces on display.  The price for painting and for the wood pieces was also really reasonable.  And, if you don't have time to paint it there, you can always buy it and bring it home. This is what I did as I concentrated more on what my little one was painting.  But I'll definitely be coming back for some more, and keeping this place in mind for a mommy and me date, or where the little one can make something for father's day, grandfather's day, etc. For more ideas too, I would check out their blog and pinning site.  Really showcases some of the wood cutouts that they sell.
3	We had fun here! Wood crafts is a fun and unique idea. We always love going to the ceramics paint Store so this is a nice change. Of course it is a bit pricey and I feel like we may have been overcharged but it's my fault for not asking for an itemized receipt. There were wood crafts of all kinds. Halloween, Christmas, fall, school related, different styles of letters, small shapes, etc. On the top shelves there are examples and ideas of the crafts available. It really gets the creative juices flowing. What's nice is you have the option to buy and take the project home which I may do next time. That way you save on the sitting fee and have lots of time to complete your awesome project.
5	I love this place. I have taken my daughter here on 3 separate occasions - most recently for her birthday party with a couple of friends. Each time, the staff has been extremely helpful and offer great suggestions. There is always a good selection of items, including many seasonal ones. You can buy the items and take them home to paint or you can paint them there. We always choose to paint there as I am not the crafty mom and it is so helpful to have the staff there to help. Just make sure to call ahead if you want to paint there. As word gets out they get busier and busier! Also, if you are painting there, there is no set "sitting fee" so ask beforehand so you are not surprised by the total cost. The items we have done have been very affordable, especially in comparison to some of the pottery locations.
5	I love coming to this store with my girlfriends and sitting down to create something beautiful while catching up. I have to say that it is probably my favorite thing to do! They always have great project ideas.
