5	AMAZING!!! I was in the charlotte airport looking for something light...but tasty to eat and i came across yovana. Of course i had no idea what they sold. I ask the cashier did she like the yogurt and she replied its really good. we make it fresh everyday....I never ate yogurt until I started working here. So i figured it must be good. I opted for the yogurt parfait which costs about 5.00. its plain yogurt and you get to choose which fruit and granolas you want in bottom, middle, and top. they're options include raspberries,blueberrys, strawberrys, vanilla almond granola, strawberry granola and some other items. I got it with strawberries and the mixed granola. I sat down to eat it and boy was it good. I went to their website to find out if there are any in the atlanta area but sadly there are currently only 2 stores one in salt lake city and charlotte airport. They should be opening many more stores in 2009! The parfait was such a refreshing treat. THe fruits were fresh and jus soooo freakin good. IF you're ever in the charlotte airport stop by and give it a try!
4	I needed something fairly light and refreshing during a layover in Charlotte last night and stumbled upon this place after misreading the terminal map.  Lucky me.I've never been much of a smoothie drinker as they have always ended up being too chalky, too sweet, or too artificially flavored for my liking.  The smoothie I had from Yovana was none of these.  I had the Citrus Berry smoothie (full disclosure: with shot of multivitamin) and it tasted like strawberries and citrus.  It was super cold, not heavy from the yogurt, the sweetness was just right and tasted natural (i.e. from the fruit itself), and the texture was spot on.  I got the large, which seemed to be maybe 20 oz? (I'm not sure), and when I was done I wished I had more.  I thought about getting another one.  They're that good.The ONLY reason it is not 5-stars is because I have been once, and have tried exactly one product.  However, if my future flight options are through Charlotte or Atlanta, I will choose Charlotte so that I can visit this place.Responding to a previous review.. --More important than, how does Charlotte Airport have one of these, is why aren't there more of them all over the place?  If one existed in my city, I would stop by weekly.Note to TCBY: either make more Yovana's, or start selling their products at your main stores.
4	Didn't believe me?  I purposefully scheduled a round-trip flight to fly through Charlotte on both legs, just so I could go to Yovana.
4	I almost missed it! Its located in the corner beside the Chilli's near terminal DI arrived in Charlotte and the Chatty Kathy that sat near me on the plane worked my last nerve on the flight....so I needed a reward for not getting detained by a SKY MARSHALL!!!  I'm on the new Fro Yo kick and even tho there are a few options at this airport I wanted to try something new. I was so happy that  when I departed I had to make sure I got to the airport early (which is RARE) so I could take some on the plane. YUMMMY! Price is decent for an airport - I paid $5 ish for a parfait/froyo with three toppings...the lady behind the counter was nice and really packed my cup. Let's hear it for Southern Hospitality!
5	I love, love, loveee this yogurt place!!  The yogurt is so nice and light and creamy, with layers of fresh fruit and granola.  It just has the best sweet, fresh taste of any yogurt I've had in the U.S.LOVE THIS PLACE!!  I sometimes try to book flights to fly through NC so I can visit this place!
2	Yes, I got to spend $5 on a small cup of fro yo! Wanting a cool and light treat, I headed over to Yovana on my layover. I don't know what it is about frozen yogurt places that makes people become mindless idiots but the people in front of me seemed to be confused by the whole frozen yogurt process and how to order. The girls working there didn't help either as there were three of them on staff but more engulfed in their conversation about their latest tattoo than reducing the size of the line. Ordered the white chocolate macadamia nut and it was meh. Paid more to have fresh strawberries on it and soon found out that they put the strawberries in the middle of the cup of yogurt rather than on it-not a fan. That is just asking for a trip to my dentist right there, baby girls at Yovana, please let me decide if I want the strawberries in or on top of the yogurt.
4	Love the fresh fruit yogurt parfait.  Usually greeted and served quickly.
3	OK, I got this yogurt again, and it's good but it's definitely way too sweet and too thick for my taste now!!  I do like how it's in the airport though and it's a great place to get a little snack or breakfast in the morning!!
3	Ordered a small and large cup of frozen yogurt at the Charlotte Airport.  They were obviously the same size and amount of yogurt.  When I asked the server if she could add a little more to the large to make it look like a size difference, she snapped and said "that's how much fits in the large container". I should have just taken the small one and left, but was in a rush and just grabbed them and left, irritated.  Poor customer service. Yogurt was good.
4	I was happy to find this new place in the Charlotte airport. I was craving a smoothie, something cool and fresh and much healthier then the other fast food-like places around, plus something that could be made fast (not much time in my lay-over).  I had partied hard at a family reunion the night before in Atlanta so I needed to rejuvenate before a big orchestra concert that afternoon back in Boston.  Luckily I saw they had some dairy free options plus SOY MILK!  Yes a national yogurt chain (they are related to TCBY) has SOY MILK!   Oh yes!  How time's a changin'!  Thank you thank you thank you!  I got one of the smoothies with soy milk to go and it was great.   I will certainly come back next time I'm around.  Thanks to this place, this vegan played a great concert that afternoon.
