1	As a Vietnam combat veteran I went into this Subway for my free 6" sandwich on Veterans Day and ended up getting a ration of shi*. I showed them my VA photo ID and they told me I could not get a free sandwich. They said it was a 2 for 1 deal and I had to pay for one. I told them that is not what Subways corporate office said. I have used this Subway for several years but no more. I will definitely  tell all my former brothers in arms about this place. I did get a sandwich at the Subway on Arizona Ave just north of the Target store without a big blast of grief This is where I will eat from now on.
1	This subway sucks. Its pretty clean and all but the girl who always ends up making my sub does a horrible job. Sometime i wonder how hard it can honestly be to make a tuna sub, but for some reason she appears to have a difficult time. The first time i went i just let her do her thing, but after getting home and eating my sub must of the bites were sauce, veggies and bread, no tuna. Every other subway i go to spreads the tuna with a knife just like they do with everything else but i guess not this one. So the last few times i went in i specifically asked her to spread it with a knife, she said okay and looked for one. After looking for 3 seconds and not finding one she just continued to make my sub with 3 big globs of tuna. Might sound ridiculous but its not that hard to find a knife and do your job the right way.
4	Manager at this location (Walner/Alma School) has very good attitude of taking competitors coupon.Very warm service.The location across street of MCC is also very good.The worst location I've encountered is the Mill/Southren location,The "tight face" old man is very mean for someone working at front.Another very bad service location,Subway Elliot/Priest. The Asian cashier there do not give change back, she would stared at you & not answer your question, very unpleasant customer service.
4	The avocado is mashed,  it makes a great substitute for mayo!this subway has excellent service, the staff is always friendly and helpful.  I had the Roast Beef on wheat, and when i at first asked for regular lettuce then changed my mind to spinach leaves, my sandwich pro scraped it off with a smile! I've never been a huge fan of subways bread, its soft and chewy, but lacks a hard outer crust.  The rest of the sandwich was good, and i will definitely be returning
