4	I go to the Palm Beach Tan on Wigwam and Pecos only.  The location is clean and the girls are friendly.  The manager, though, Denise (I think) is AWFUL.  She will lie through her teeth to sell you a product and will get all snippy with you if you don't want to buy anything.  It's extremely annoying and I actually almost stopped going completely because I hated having to deal with her.  But that's just one person.. everyone else is very nice and helpful. The only other problem I've had is their Mystic Tan machine seems to be consistently broken.  I can't even count how many times I've driven all the way down there to be told I needed to go to another location because the machine is broken.  And a lot of times when it's working it gets stuck and sprays unevenly.  But if you don't Mystic Tan and don't mind pushy managers.. Palm Beach Tan is a great place with competitive prices.
2	So I had a coupon for a free Mystic Tan..off I go to use it before it expired. I have done the Mystic before just not here.Thankfully they did not try to hard sell me on a package. The girl was really friendly who helped me. But I had a bit of a wait so by the time I was called the girl who was helping me was gone.So I go back with the replacement sales girl & she explains the process. She tells me not to wear the booties on my feet since they will leave a ring around them. So I dont & guess what? I end up with crazy dark feet underneath. It looks horrible. I scrubbed and scrubbed but that didnt do much to fade them. I had to give myself a pedicure to try and remove the freakish color. There is still a trace of color but I did my best.I wont be going back there again thats for sure..even for another freebie.
5	Love everything about this place!!  Staff is great, KT and Sam and the rest of their team. They keep the place clean and bulbs changed regularly. And I am tan and happy.  Thanks Palm Beach!!!
1	I go there to tan. Yet everytime I go, problems ,problems,problems. This one needs new bulbs, that aroma therapy isn't working. They tell me that after I complain. I guess doing a Quality check on all the machines is just too much.It makes me sad to say this, but I think Imay have to break up with you. You are right accross the street from my house.  It's a shame that I have to travel a little futher because you guys A. Don't get any support from the company on repairsB. Your DM is never around to answer questions. The list goes on.  I would like to leave you with one bit of advice.....GET NEW TOWELS!!!!!!  i BRING MY OWN.
1	I was a customer here for almost 2 years, just cancelled. Quit tanning because cancer is expensive and and I want to avoid looking like Leatherface. Also because this place offers nothing to reinforce customer loyalty (what happened to the specials?) and I realized I was wasting my money. WTF is with the start up and upgrade fees? How are these fees justified, or what do they fund? Just an excuse to make an extra buck. When I complained about the fees the girls never offered to waive or discount them, I guess maybe you gotta be in with those chicks to get that kind of deal. The fees prohibited me from upgrading numerous times because I couldn't justify giving them more of my cash for nothing.The audio system in the level one rooms has been broken for over six months, and that's a real conservative estimate. Also, the buttons to call for assistance have been out of order since forever as well. Why was I paying full price when all the expected amenities were not available? It couldn't have been that expensive to fix, and the customers should have received a small discount (3%? idk ANYTHING) or compensation for the inconvenience. Because that's what a business should do when they're not meeting expected service standards. BS, man.Also, I notice this place has a fast turn over for the staff. There's always a new, fresh out of high school receptionist eager to push some over priced J WOW "skin care" products, babbling about the pseudoscience behind kelp, or whatever the hot new anti-aging ingredient of the month is. I feel bad because I'm sure they are expected to meet a sales quota, but who wants to drop $60+ on a product you can get on Amazon for half the price or less?No thanks, I like my St. Tropez mousse much better. I won't subject myself to any more bad service or carcinogenic practices, unless I'm the one getting paid.
5	I work in the Seven Hills area and I had to find a place that I could get in and out of with my busy schedule. They are always quick and friendly and the place is always clean! The staff and management are amazing and always have a smile on their face!!! And the best part, my spray tan never looks orange or fake!!! Love Love Love this place!!
5	Been a member here a long time.  The freeze option is nice.  A bit expensive but the staff is really nice.  Good location, too.
