5	First of all, I love the name: if you're going to go with a pun, it had better be a good one, and "Drawn and Quarterly" is perfect for a comics publisher. But the material they put out is truly and consistently top-notch contemporary indie stuff: Seth, Chester Brown, Kevin Huizenga, et al.Maybe what I respect most about Drawn and Quarterly is that they're uniquely Canadian, without seeming like they do "Can-con" just to fill some quota. Read something like Seth's "Clyde Fans"--a surprisingly compelling story about fan salesmen in southern Ontario--and you'll see what I mean. Everything I've read from Drawn and Quarterly is authentic and unusual.
4	Missed my bus after getting some bagels from St. Viateurs'; looking across the stop, I noticed D&Q (the Bernard location), which was most auspicious as I'd been planning on figuring out where it was already.Like all awesome bookstores, the place was brimming with books I absolutely adore and books I had no previous knowledge of but just sang to me as I flipped through them.I assume that their focus is on graphic novels, perhaps art and art periodicals, but I found some awesome cookbooks, as well as books on general ergonomic and visual design.The staff was pretty chill and awesome, really friendly as I made my purchases, as well as writing down whatever cool music was playing as I was in the store.If I lived in the city, I'd regularly come back to see what exciting new things float through their rotation.
5	Another super community oriented creative bright light on Bernard full of the best and most beautiful books - not just the weep-worthy graphic novels published by Drawn and Quarterly, but novels and books of poetry and non-fiction as well. I just found an impeccable new copy of Anne Carson's Nox at Drawn and Quarterly and was thrilled to see that the price they were charging was the same as the "American" price listed on the back i.e.; not the "Canadian" price which is $10 more for no reason. Drawn and Quarterly hosts heartwarming events all year - readings, book launches, and creative talks. Definitely a lovely place to spend some time and buy (your soul!) some gifts.
5	I've never seen a bookstore with so many darn good-looking books. The storefront is well curated and definitely worth the trip, even for a traveler staying downtown. My only regret is traveling with a small suitcase -- so tiny that my only purchase could be the equally tiny "Scenes from an Impending Marriage" by Adrian Tomine.
5	This is a great bookstore. The selection of fiction, nonfiction, and graphic novels is fantastic. And the staff is happy to help with suggestions if asked. I was looking for books and graphic novels by authors from Montreal and the woman working at the store that evening could not have been more helpful. I will definitely go back to this store the next time I am in Montreal.
4	Oh man, if I lived in Montreal, this store would be where all my money ran off to. Great little shop featuring graphic novels, comics, a well-curated selection of other books, and an awesome cookbook nook (in the front window to your right as you walk in - I almost missed it!). Sigh... wish this were closer to my home in DC.
5	Drawn and Quarterly is a fatal place for my wallet. I am a bibliophile. I can't go in here without spending all my dimes and nickels on the latest je-ne-sais-quoi/qui I am interested in (they have lots of different genres from cook books to fiction to graphic novels -- they also publish their own books.) You will want to come back often if you are book nerd like me. I want to live here.
5	McSweeney's mecca. The holy land for books, and not just any kind. Product is expertly chosen so you've definitely got a variety. Design books, graphic novels, fashion, feminism, culture, kids... On and on... Its just the right size and you can easily find something interesting.Wallets, beware. Its a candy store minus the sugar crash.
5	Montreal gem! Publishing house and bookstore, this is the best place to find the latest and coolest books of all kind. They've got the most knowledgable staff for miles and miles.
