5	Popped in one lunch time to try out this new eatery/bar/club combo ... and wow we were well impressed from the outset. The decor is trendy and modern I guess, but it really works in the space they have. We were greeted by a friendly staff member while reviewing the menu outside and shown to some seats through the back. A quick shifty at the beers on tap and I was impressed again.The food menu was what we were really here for and it didnt fail to impress with choice. We opted for mussells and the vegetable nasi goring. The nasi was served with curry sauce, tempura and all sorts of others interesting bits and bobs, big thumbs up from the other half as for once the veg/vegan option wasnt a secondary choice it seems. I went for the Thai mussels and recieved a massive bowl of spicy mussels with a side of chilli fries. This was also very well recieved. The Japanese beers we ordered were well kept and accompanied the meal just right. I could have spent the rest of the afternoon here working my way through the taps and the menu.Excellent service, great food and interesting brews on tap what more do you need? ;-D
3	A new chain comes to the centre of town, and upon entering their upstairs restaurant... I'm redirected downstairs, via the front door, and down to the basement entrance.. To then take a seat, ask where the toilets are, to then be told to go upstairs, via the internal stairs. A bit confusing, and a messy start, but hey.Bar Soba is a fusion asian and bar chain that has arrived in Edinburgh. I would have preferred their arrival to be when they were ready to open both the upstairs and downstairs, and without the toilets being hidden amongst a building site. Given how sleek and together their decor and refurb has been, it was a bit out of keeping.Anyway that's two whole paragraphs dedicated to what they haven't finished. What they have finished is downstairs, where Underdogs used to be. You can still see remnants of how the bar used to look (including a dog statue). But gone are the empty fireplaces, replaced with long dining benches upfront (akin to communal dining of Wagamama) and separate tables up the back.It looks good, very slick and chic. The food is probably where the stars came down a little. I mean, it's a chain. They have broths, noodles, a few small bits of sushi, and even burgers. I imagine if the burgers are good, this is what I'll come here for. But the starter of salty and spicy squid that I ordered was very badly cooked squid. Very chewy, overcooked. The fact that it came on a bed of stir-fry vegetables was a nice, unexpected touch and made it far more filling. But there was hardly any squid, and as I said, it was far too overcooked. Just very very bad squid.The California rolls tasted pre-made and pre-packaged. There was a lot more rice to filling ratio. Also they weren't what all other California rolls are. No avocado, crab meat instead of crab sticks. They were perfectly fine. Probably akin to the Tesco or M&S prepackaged sushi.The noodle bowl my dining companion had was smaller than Wagamama's, which is good for those watching what they eat in January. It also looked tasty. The food is not bad at all, per se. It's just given that I know where to get the tastiest sushi in Edinburgh, and have had far better squid from a Chinese delivery the night before, both of what I had was disappointing.Also the confusion with upstairs being open, but not open, and then the chef in the back shouting "SERVICE" whenever he had something ready to go to a table, rather than dinging a bell, left me feeling it was far more style than substance.Still, I can imagine it getting busy and pleasing a few hungry tums and those looking for a trendy, asian-style place to dine or drink. I'd go here for the location and the ambience inside, rather than the food. And do not (Jennie S, this is directed mainly at you) order the squid. You'll be sorely disappointed.
3	Service was spottyFelt cookie-cutterish chainWas super spicy
4	After receiving some deals here, I have now been twice and felt that staff were very friendly each time and that Bar Soba has a fun and trendy ambiance. Their dishes are good, but WAY too spicy! The pad Thai just about set my mouth on fire but, comparatively, it didn't hold a candle to the Thai green curry! I didn't expect to be faced with such intense spice in the island of bland food so was unprepared. I will come back for more pad Thai, but only hoping that they will be able to tone it down a few levels of spicyness next time!
3	Meh....Service was SLOW... with at least half a dozen people behind the bar and only two capable of making drinks it seemed... Cocktails were nice but just. so. slow. to. be. made...Bramble instead please.
3	I got a token for a free bowl of noodles here a couple of weeks ago, and my boyfriend and I were eager to try it out. This feels very stylish, clean, and makes a nice addition to the Edinburgh scene, serving noodle dishes and cocktails just off Princes street.We waited an hour for our food. Whilst I recognise that this was free, they weren't that busy, so I don't understand how it took that long. When the food actually arrived it was very delicious, spicy, as others say, but for me that can only be a good thing! There was a little broth with the noodles, with were not overcooked in the slightest, and plenty of spicy chillis. This was a welcome change in comparison to those at larger chains which offer mild tastes with soggy noodles. We asked for tap water, and got served a large jug with cucumber, strawberries and ice. The service from the waiters was great, they apologised for the delays, but maybe there is something going on in the kitchen?I may come back to use the 2-1 deal for students, as this would make for a super cheap lunch. As for now, the food gets 4, as does the chic interior, but the time waiting for the food gets a 2, so I will average it out at 4. I hope to update this soonish.
3	A really mixed bag sums up Bar Soba, quite neatly. Their brand of fusion food is interesting, at times, but is dogged by a lack of restraint, and some poorly executed dishes. I like the design of the place, but it's definitely more of a bar than a restaurant.Overall, we said: "I think that some of Bar Soba's attempts at fusion food are just a bit over-the-top. Certainly Ross's main course was off into the realms of the bizarre, trying to span Thai, Chinese, Indian and Spanish cuisines and who knows what else. Seeking to showcase new and interesting flavour combinations is generally to be commended, but this just felt like it was trying too hard. Where they kept things relatively simple, as with my pork ramen dish, things were on a much surer footing. But overall, I think this is somewhere that will capture people's imagination as a place for a drink, rather than as a dining spot."
3	A tasty fusion restaurant and bar in the New Town area of Edinburgh. We were able to walk in without reservations on a Friday night around 6:30, and they were able to squeeze us in (though with a warning we had to be done within 2 hours which was twice what it took us), so that was nice. The food portions were large -- both the sampler plate and my rice dish -- but I wasn't quite sure what sort of flavor themes they were going for with them. Though warned my entree was spicy it was just barely a tick above bland.On the other hand, they have an extensive cocktail and drink menu, and their daiquiris are quite drinkable (even if served in a martini glass).Service was on top of things.I would stop in again if the opportunity presented, and there wasn't any other place that caught my eye.
3	Myself and group of friends chose to go here because we were wandering around looking for a quieter bar where we could chat without having to scream at each other over the music. As we stood outside it looked really busy upstairs, and loud, so we were going to walk on but the bouncer said she would check if we could just go into the restaurant part downstairs which was quieter (they'd stopped serving food by then). They said it was cool for us to go to the downstairs part which was great. It did take us a looooooooong time to get served even though it wasn't busy, and the waitresses were around us cleaning other tables and chatting. Once we got served though the cocktails were good and I liked the water they gave us which had cucumber in it.I probably have given this place an extra star because the bouncer was so helpful and I can't really judge the bar upstairs, so I'll have to go back at some point to check this part out as it looks totally different.
2	I don't see anything special about Bar Soba I'm afraid. Maybe only the truly special can see it, or perhaps I'm exposing my distrust of George Street bars, but either way my experiences here haven't been great. It gets loud, they don't reserve tables when they say they will, the food is a little pretentious and I'm not drawn to cocktails (although they seem to make them with care).Soba probably knows its audience well and plays to them. I'm happy with them doing so, keep it up, but I'll be found at an alternative local establishment given the chance.
3	This visit to Bar Soba was a spontaneous decision. We went at lunchtime. Not too busy so we sat on the top conservatory bit, this ensured us with some sun. I was planning to get some Thai food and I actually ended up with maki thing and a prawn chili stir fry. Anita had a "roti" with satay chicken. All was very tasty and well spiced/hot, however passing of a wrap used for fajitas as "roti" is not cool man! Service was attentive and efficient, though later when busy it waned a little and we decided to pay at the till to free up the table and spare the girl trips back & forth. I like the atmosphere, the mixed stylish functional furniture and the little nooks. Nice afternoon bar.
5	Heading back to Bar Soba again! Loving this pub just now. Drinks are very reasonably priced & looking forward to sampling the food for the first time.
1	Service slow. Food weird. Had sate chicken appetizer which had no taste whatsoever. Seems as though it was just boiled. Thai green chicken curry for main. Asked waiter and he said it wasn't spicy at all. Obviously he had never tried it because it was really spicy (and I love spice too). The curry flavor was nice but had weird things like sweet potatoes and aubergines. Dessert of mango rice pudding was like oatmeal with... a blueberry. Odd. Simply odd. Not coming back.
3	I really like the Bar Soba's in Glasgow, so when I heard there was one in Edinburgh not far from my work office I couldn't wait to try it out.6 of us were heading along so we booked a table in advance and asked for downstairs, despite this when we arrived there was no table ready for us and then we were offered one of the bar type tables upstairs where you sit on stools.  At over 8 months pregnant I wasn't so keen on sitting here which the waitress actually spotted instantly before I could even mention it and offered us a seat downstairs.Bar Soba have just launched their new lunch menu and to celebrate for the whole of April it's BOGOF on starters, mains and dessert, result!  I was relieved to see that one of my favourite main courses (the Nasi Goreng) made the cut as there are maybe 6 starters (plus a number of sushi options) and 6 mains on the new lunch menu.We ordered starters and mains and then the waiter told us that at lunch they bring the food as it's ready and did that bother us....I guess a bit like Wagamamas...we said okay then wondered what would happen.  5 of us got our starters and main courses all brought out at once, with the final person just receiving their main.  To be honest I didn't really like it (I had ordered sticky ribs and then a burger) and eating my ribs watching my burger and fries get cold was a bit rubbish.The ribs were excellent and a huge portion but the burger was less than average.  It is made with lemon grass and other spices through it, which I could taste, but you couldn't really tell it was a beef patty.  My friends were impressed with their choices (including california rolls, tempura and yellow curry), so I recommend sticking with one of the asian inspired mains rather than the burger.
2	We took a large party here for a birthday meal last night and... hmm. On a previous trip, the Silent Reviewer and I had a pleasant enough meal, but somewhat forgettable. I was definitely on the fence - but I've definitely picked my side now. The problem I think is the service - both in the kitchen and in the dining area. With a heaving restaurant last night, the whole place was heaving and there was a clear struggle to keep up. It took an age to get water to the table, and even longer to place drinks orders. the SR refused to order anything after the first drink was consumed - taking too long, he gave up the will to live. We had been asked to leave by 8 - which would have been fine as we started just after 6 - but we didn't get our meals until 7:45. I had to ask for a glass of water 3 times before I managed to get a drink; my sister didn't even get her main meal without having to call someone over to point out the empty space in front of her... drinks forgotton, drinks and food mis ordered, it all felt like much harder work than it should have been. At the end, we had an automatic service charge applied, despite the shambles of service. We didn't pay it. Food wise - it was as much as a fusion restaurant would be expected to muster - I don't think I've been to a place that calls itself fusion that has been really able to execute multiple cuisines effectively, and Bar Soba didn't impress. Steamed mushroom buns were flavourless, katsu curry underseasoned and too spicy for me (also didn't taste like any katsu curry I have ever had before). The fries and satay sauce however, was delicious. Teriyaki beef was simultaneously tough and undercooked. I'm perhaps being tougher in my review than I should - but the frustration of slow service infiltrated the whole experience to some extent. On the other hand, their cocktails are pretty delicious. Those did go down a treat (bar the Chilli Shoulder, and Green Mean Tequila Machine) - personal favourite for me was the Aichee Martini. It was here that Bar Soba excelled - if they perhaps had more staff to work the bar, kitchen and floor, and focused on the cocktails and decent snacks, I would personally think that it would be long term a more successful venture. The only other reason I've given this place a 2 star rather than a 1, is the lack of fight over disputing the bill at the end - after already having drinks (wrong ones and ones that never showed up) taken off the bill, it still felt insulting to fork out a service charge given the lack of it - but once pointed out, it was removed immediately. It's a saving grace, although only a small one. So after my rather long whingy review, the summary would be - more cockatils please, more staff, forget the food, I'll come back - otherwise, I won't be bothering. Cheers!
