1	This place is a typical greasy spoon.  Mostly previously frozen, Costco junk food.  Yuk!
4	I've only been here a couple of times, but I know when I have people visit me and want a burger. I am going to take them here. This is a superhero themed joint and though a pretty cut and dry burger joint, the prices are reasonable and the food is tasty. I also heard there are weekly contests. They even have deep fried twinkies....don't have to wait till the fair for this fried delicacy. There is also soft serve and sundaes. So sit down, enjoy a burger and watch a superhero movie that is generally playing in the background.
1	Greasy hole in the wall joint. I gave it one star but please read the review. OK the food I had was very good. (Bordering on delish actually) but keep reading. This is a strange place. Superhero decor all over the place and Spiderman was playing on the wall Plamsa TV. It was too dark to see the movie though. ( Don't know why, maybe the TV was broke or the light from the nearby window was too much, hmmmmmm) ) I got a regular burger special. It was yummers. Good fries!  They have different types of burgers, breakfast 24 hours a day, and Gyros.They also have all types of deep fried desert treats too. But herein lies the problem. I wasn't even half way finished eating when I literally was attacked by flies. Lots of them! They were all over the area I was sitting at. They kept landing in my food, on my face , in my hair, etc and so forth. I was like, "What The Heck?"  I looked around and noticed that the place was pretty filfthy and swarming with even more flies. It was pretty disgusting! I left. Too bad because I really liked the food. I wanted to come back and try some other things, but I won't. It only takes one case of previous food poisoning to become very paranoid about things like that. I am not even the world's pickiest neat freak but I don't know what was going on in there tonight.  So my questions for Mike are, "why all the flies and why such a dirty restaurant?" EWHHHHHHHHHHH!!!! It was like some really bad 1960 Hitchcock movie. ( NO JOKE)This place is closed as of 4/15/13
1	Staff is nice, but they don't really care to talk much.. It's not like it was busy (i was the only one there). Anyways fries were made from the frozen/freezer bag kind. it was all mushy inside.I could make a better burger at home on a george foreman. I will pass on this place...they have the most unhealthiest menu ever too.. if you go twice in a lifetime you most likely will have at least 1 heart attack.kudos on that part...
