4	This is a perfect little quiet lunch spot. Its interior is a bit tacky, but the food is darn delicious. The soups are hearty and obviously homemade. I had the Santa Fe Chicken. It wasn't awesome, but I think I ordered the wrong thing. The "avocado" was runny, like a mix, but the chicken itself was tender and yummy. The french fries were as homemade as it gets, as was the ranch dressing (there, I said it, I'm a glutton for fries dipped in ranch... this is why I will never diet).Linda's is simple diner cuisine, but it's actually homestyle, and you can taste it!
4	Excellent little diner. Don't overlook this place while in the Phoenix area, especially if you want a great homemade breakfast or reasonably priced lunch. The interior is nothing to shout about, but that's part of its charm. The food is simple, homemade, and delicious. You just can't find many places these days that serve up homemade food that's (almost) as good as Mom's. And "Mom" herself -- Linda -- is there to make sure her guests are satisfied. A very friendly and down-to-earth (may seem rough around the edges to the overly sensitive) woman, Linda has owned this place for the last 14 years, as she told my husband and me while we were there for a late breakfast before the baseball game the other day. The diner itself has been around since the 1940's.I ordered an omelette with spinach, mushrooms and cheese, while my husband had the ham and cheese version. It was way past true breakfast time, and we were the first customers for the "lunch" hour, but Linda was happy to get the breakfast rolling and brew a fresh pot of coffee just for us. She chatted with us too, as if we were all old friends.One funny note: On the wall behind the booth where we sat, there was a letter from some court or attorney's office that indicated that "all charges were being dropped" in some case where Linda and her restaurant were named as defendant, as the plaintiff was deceased. I wonder if the plaintiff were someone who wrote a negative Yelp review? In any case, my husband and I got a good chuckle out of this.
3	I love diners!  We used to eat here when we lived up there.  The only thing I've eaten here were burgers and breakfast.  I enjoyed both.
4	Linda's won't win any awards for the decor, but the food is so very tasty. I visited a few Sundays ago for breakfast and had the best biscuits and gravy. My companions were happy with their breakfast choices as well. This is an inexpensive, friendly little place. Everything is homemade, and worth a try.
3	I've eaten dinner from Linda's about 6 times.  it's decent enough, but nothing to write home about.  If you want something that tastes like your mom made it (one of her "no fuss" meals with frozen corn and pre-made starchy dinner rolls) or something kind of like the best school lunch you ever had in the year 1988) then Linda's hits the mark.  I'll still eat there, but typically because it's on the way home and I don't eat fast food.  Really no reason to ever go out of my way for it.  I also want to point out that I've never ordered a regular menu item...I like the fact that she has random specials throughout the week on little note cards.I'll check it out for breakfast some time.
1	We have tried twice to eat here, and twice it has been closed. Yet every time I drive by it, the parking lot is packed. What restaurant doesn't serve dinner on Saturdays?
5	I give this place a coveted Anthony L. "five stars" for its charm, the excellent service and its fair prices. Sure, the food is not gourmet, but if you go to a place like this expecting that you are crazy.Located in a small 1960s-style building on the corner of 24th ST and Osborn, the building is easy to miss even as it screams "mom and pop."My dining companion and I both ordered off the $5.95 dinner specials menu for Tuesday (each day of the week has a different special). I got the last meatloaf dinner in the house and he ordered the cabbage roll. After ordering, we were brought a small basket of tasty bread and our drinks. Our drinks were frequently refilled.The meals were a great value and it was clear the meat and mashed potatoes were both homemade. The corn was definitely from a can. After finishing our meals, we decided to hold off on trying a $1.95 piece of peach cobbler or $2.95 piece of apple caramel pie because the meals were so filling.I would return in a second to enjoy Linda's friendly service, homemade meals and five-star charm.
4	When I first moved to the neighborhood in 1999, I visited and became hooked. Home made everything. Fresh ingredients, great pies, and you've got to love their all-you-can-eat fish Fridays. If you're on a diet, as I am, they'll grill the cod for you rather than fry it. Yummy! Linda is a hoot. Charming, which is to say a bit creaking, too, but you know when you go that what you get is food that is cooked fresh to order. Lots of specials (written on index cards that are paper-clipped to the menu) and an easygoing attitude. Go when you're looking to shake off the taste of too much fast food.
5	Incredibly fresh and tasty pie.  Great lunch and a friendly staff.  Real homemade cooking.  Independently owned and operated.  We are moving into the neighborhood and can't wait to try the Sunday brunch.
1	Mediocre food.  Mediocre service. Sometimes you can, indeed, judge a book by its cover, and this place proves it.  I was going to write a long, detailed discussion of everything that sucked about my lunch there today, but I'll let the fact that this is my first one-star review (and I've reviewed some real dives) speak for itself.
1	I had read good things about this place, so I was excited to try it.  Unfortunately, I did not have a good experience.  I ordered a grilled cheese with tomato and split pea soup.  The food took forever to arrive.  When it finally got there, my grilled cheese was missing the tomato, and the cheese was not completely melted.  I ate it as-is, since I didn't have the time to wait for a new sandwich.  I subsequently opened the ketchup bottle which somehow exploded shooting ketchup all over the table and my clothes.  Not a great start.  The pea soup was ok, but there were too many croutons in it and not enough peas.  After finishing our lunch, we waited at the table for an incredibly long time and never got our check.  We decided to go stand at the cash register to see if that would help.  The staff completely ignored us for about 5 minutes before someone finally came to the cash register (not a big place, they saw us waiting).  The lady at the cash register did explain that they usually were not that busy, but for us it was too little, too late.  There is no second chance to make a first impression: I'm not going back.
4	This place is near my work so we visit there occasionally. When I first looked at it I was not impressed because it doesn't look fancy at all. The inside is also ordinary until you realize that this place was probably a house before it was a restaurant. Parking has always been available. The food is home cookin' and not "restaurant fancy" or elegant; it's comfort food. I'm stuck ordering the tuna melt almost every time because it is the best one I have had in this town, and I have had many. There were dishes I didn't care for but most of the thinks I have eaten there were quite good. I can't quite explain the appeal but it's definitely there, and some don't like it. It looks like the kind of place that has been there for so long that Linda and the gang would have watch some of their customers grow up. It's worth a visit because it may give you a very homey feeling while others might need something more trendy.
1	So we finally ate here. The decor has not been updated since about 1967, and we were surrounded by overweight senior citizens reeking of cigarette smoke. The food was reminiscent of middle school cafeteria fare. The waitresses were very friendly, and the prices were not bad. We were obviously not the target demographic, though. Won't be back. Too bad, because we can walk there...
3	Classic homey restaurant, with low ceilings, wall paper, vinyl seats, colored table cloths (possibly in pink - if I recall correctly) and complete with annoying ass bell on the door. Kitsch ignored, my first time was far better than mediocre. I stopped in for lunch on a weekday and only 1 booth available (woot!). Had a standard Tuna Sandwich, yummy split pea soup with real fried croutons and a soda served without a straw (Thank God who needs those flipping things?). The real treat however, was desert and although I tend to relish in cream style pies, I summoned up my southern roots and ordered a slice of peach heaven with pecans! MMMMM. With the location being in a less than desirable part of town I probably wont be there often. But the first thing I will order next time is pie.
2	In the mood for comfort food...I was disappointed.  The grilled cheese was flimsy, and I couldn't eat the soup.  I forget why.  I thought it was way over-priced for what it was.  I won't be going back there ever again.
2	Came here several times over the last 18 months.  It was nice to have a little hole in the wall close by for home cooking.  Tried and liked many things including their chicken fried steak and liver & onions, as well as their pies.  Alas, while the food was good, the space was definitely not.  Ditto on some of their regulars.    After the last time we came here, it became painfully obvious that the value has shrunken past the point where we could find the not-so-good things tolerable.
5	I don't write many reviews, and I generally don't like letting my favorite secret places out of the bag, but I love linda's on osborn breakfast!  I eat breakfast every weekend, all over the valley, and this is one of my favorite simple spots.  If you want to be at Daily Dose or Breakfast Club (not that the food isn't good there) to people watch and 'be seen', this is not your place.  If you want incredible value and delicious food - jackpot!  As a Texas transplant, this is some of the best chicken fried steak and eggs you will find in AZ (I actually discovered this place after Ranch House Grill burned down). The breakfast potato's are the icing on the cake, best in town hands down, but be careful, they're addictive!  Linda is a very nice, hardworking lady who is always there.  For great homemade food, you will NOT be disappointed!
5	We have been eating at Linda's for about 15 years now and have never once been disapointed! Best fried cod you could ever ask for.  Hardest working owner who makes the most amazing pies from scratch.  Seriously, give it a try if you want great food like you wish your mom used to make.
4	I had a green chili omelette and it was awesome. Aside from the fact that I asked for black beans to be added and they were overlooked, it was cooked perfectly and the country potatoes were awesome! The ambience had a very outdated small town feel which I loved, but the bathrooms, not much too love. They were kind of dirty, but hell, I was there to eat not use the potty. They specials board indicated that they have free mimosa's on Sunday's, so naturally, I was bummed it was Saturday. My son ate the pancakes which were pretty decent sized so he didn't finish them so, I decided to finish them off myself and was I glad I did...they were like butta!!! Overall, I was super satisfied and I will definitely go back with an eye on those pancakes!
1	Let me preface this review by saying two things: 1. if there was an option for negative stars, I'd give it and 2. I just ate there about 20 minutes ago and am still feeling pissed off. My husband and I were in the mood for a good breakfast this morning, so we got to thinking...Matt's? Matt's is always awesome, but we didn't feel like waiting out in the rain for over an hour. The Original Pancake House? It's a close second so we opted for that and headed out. Once we got there, we realized 350 other people had the same idea as us and the wait would be about an hour. Not feeling like waiting, we hopped back in the car and jumped on our phones to check out what Yelp thought would be good nearby. Linda's was one of the places that popped up along our drive and we had both passed it a few times, always talking about wanting to try it. We looked at the reviews and there were lots of good ones raving about the food (Really? Guy who said it was Matt's with pie? Really? I don't know where the hell you get off, but I'm holding you partially responsible for totally jacking up my Sunday breakfast). We got inside and the place is a real shithole. I don't mind, because I typically love eating at shady looking places and drinking in dive bars. It's like a real "slice of life" type of thing and I find the experience usually excels where the decor is lacking. Everything was blue and mauve...I haven't seen this much mauve since the late 80's. And again, that would usually be fine, except in this case, it doesn't look like anyone has cleaned the place since then either. Everywhere I looked, things were grimy and just not...clean. We sat at the counter (first mistake) and both ordered the JJ's Special (second mistake). Sitting at the counter was like having a backstage pass to a Michael Bolton show...or some other really shitty person you would never want to see backstage. We could see the entire operation and hear the cook bitching the whole time. That's right, I said cook. Singular. One person working in the kitchen. She came out a few times to yell at our server, called Linda (I sincerely hope it was not the owner Linda). She looked like the grandma from Napolean Dynamite. For those of you that get the reference, enough said. We could hear the dinging of microwave ovens and the grumbling of Napolean Dynamite's grandma in the weeds with tickets that she couldn't read due to Linda's supposedly shitty handwriting. We waited over a half hour for our food. Granted, we didn't have to wait to sit but seriously, a half hour for eggs, bacon and pancakes. When the food came out I was already over it. I took one look at the plate and knew this was not going to be good. My "over-easy" egg had totally runny whites and looked more like a sunny-side-up gone wrong. My bacon looked like it came from Fry's and the pancakes were the only edible thing on my plate. I don't know if they were edible because everything else was so totally shitty or if it was because I am 9 months pregnant and would have eaten shit cakes at that point. Nevertheless, the ambiance combined with the service and the food made for the absolute worst $28 I've ever spent on breakfast. $28 dollars!! For me and my husband to have pancakes, eggs, bacon and coffee. That did NOT include toast or potatoes and half the plate was inedible. It makes my blood boil just thinking of it and as I sit here writing, I am still starving. We should have just gone to the brass rail. Better service, better food quality (I am not joking) and it would have been $5.50 a person for the same meal. You fooled me once Linda. Shame on me. You won't be fooling me again!
4	We went to Linda's after it was recommended by someone who lived nearby. Small, quaint, and eclectic describes the surroundings. The coffee cups appeared to be from a personal collection as they were all different. That's a whimsical touch that I liked a lot. Something unexpected. The coffee was okay. Nothing to crow about. My sister got pancakes, eggs, and sausage, and though none of it was piping hot, she said everything was very good. Her orange juice was "pretty good." I ordered biscuits and gravy. The gravy was thick and full of sausage chunks (which I set to the side as I'm not a big sausage eater). The biscuits were a little dry, but that doesn't really matter under the gravy. The gravy was seasoned very well. My only complaint is that it was lukewarm to warm, and really it should be served hot. My side of bacon was cold, but it was great bacon as far as taste goes.  The service was friendly. We made a happy face out of the leftovers on one plate and set the smile on top of her tip. Linda's has the potential to be a very busy local hangout for breakfast and lunch. It was exactly what we expected (save for the heat of the food). I'd definitely try Linda's again.
5	Awesome breakfast!
5	Friday night all you can eat fish fry....ask for it grilled if you prefer!  Be sure to leave room for the homemade pies.  Chicken pot pie is a must try as well!
4	I love this place, been going since I was a kid. They are still open though, open for lunch till April 12th.
