5	This is the best place to take your performance vehicle for mods or maintence in Arizona. Jon and Joe are very meticulous and have many years of experiance with highly modified vehicles. They got all the bugs out of my highly modified JDM swap Subaru that other shops could not fix.  Clark Turner tuned it to perfection on their dyno.. This is the only shop in Arizona I take my performance cars.
5	I did some research on the top local tuners when I moved to AZ and these guys were top of the list.  I had them do some porting and ceramic coating work, and Clark tuned my car to perfection for the crappy 91 octane AZ gas.  I trust these guys to do it right and give good advice, and I keep going back.
5	I love my car. Perhaps to an unhealthy level. I just have to put that out on the table immediately in attempt to add some weight to the following statements.Since I found Goodspeed, when I am working on my car, I look to Goodspeed first. I go here for my oil and filters (They've got Motul oil. Simply the best!) I went here when I had trouble with my air intake and they helped me sort it out. When I started getting a check engine light related to my turbo, I went in here with my suspicions of the cause. I talked to Jon for a couple minutes to describe the problem, he reached under the counter, pulled out a part and said "This is what you need right here." And guess what? He was right!I will continue referring my friends here, and going here for all my needs, most especially when I start doing more serious tuning of my car. I may live 30 miles away, but it's absolutely worth the trek.
5	Good service and knowledgeable staff! Would definitely go back.
5	I've been bringing my Volkswagens to Goodspeed for a couple years now. All the staff are extremely friendly and knowledgable. Every time I've gotten parts ordered/installed I get updates of the progress and it is all taken care of in the best way possible. I've never had an issue with any parts and anytime I come here I'm always wanting to come back.
1	We brought our BMW for a simple repair they gave it back to us undriveable and wouldn't help rectify the problems that they caused. We finally took it to another shop and had to pay thousands to fix the problems that goodspeed caused. Go elsewhere.
