1	Sadly I had a very diappointing and poor experience with Christian from Salon X.  I arrived for my appt on time, however I had thought I would be 5 min late and left him a vm as a courtesy since this was my first visit.  Well, if you think you are going to be late - don't leave a vm.  When I arrived on time he did not greet me, I let him know who I was and filled out paperwork- and then sat for 25 min outside his station.  When he did have me come sit down, still no introduction, I showed him a picture of what I wanted.  With several short, rude comments and an "I'm too good for everyone" attitude he said there wasn't enough time- I advised him I'd been waiting for 25 min, which he said he had to listen to 15 messages, one of which was mine advising I'd be late.  I let him know it was a courtesy call jic and I was indeed not late.  I decided as a service oriented business I no longer wanted to do business with him and got up from the chair and left.  He is rude, impolite, and could only imagine how he would be if I didn't like a hair color or style- no thank you.  Horrible with clients
5	I've been going to Christen for the past 2 years and he is amazing! I've been struggling for the past 6 years to find a stylist who can cut straight long hair with layers. He blends them well and I leave with a cut that doesn't look like I have steps in the back of my head. I've got to say I'm very picky especially with my bangs and he def has some patience working with me to get them perfect!! I would recommend him to anyone he's great. It's nice to be able to be stress-free when getting my hair cut!!
1	I didn't realize that Salon X would be a small room wihin a rented space in a strip mall.  I was being juggled  with 3 other people who were getting their hair done at the same time.  After having toner put in my hair, I was put right outside of the salon, in a waiting room chair.  My hair was wet, I had a towel draped on me, and random people who were shopping were walking by.  I didn't really think the cut was spectacular.  Not going back again.
5	ok I finally got smart like my other friends and purchased one of those groupon deals to do my highlights. I thought lets try this new place you can not really mess up the highlights and plus save some money in process. I booked my appointment with Jessica, was not surprised to find it was just a small room within Salon Boutique, lots of salon owners down sizing now days.  Jennifer was very polite, professional and confident, I even got brave and let her chop my long hair down, I have not had a short hair cut in YEARS!!! But final result was great! I got so many compliments since, totally love it! Jennifer is my new hair stylist and I will always trust her with my hair.
5	I've been with Christian for nearly 12 years.  I always get compliments on my color.  He wants you to be happy when you leave his salon.   Bring photos of what your looking for so you can discuss style/color expectations.
5	Salon Xtian is definitely not like any salon you've walked into. They have such a versatile staff.. For one, Jennifer who is a stylist/make-up artist is also a photographer.. She has taken photo's of my baby girl that turned out great..! Chrissy is an aesthetician/stylist... Most importantly Christian who is my stylist by far is one of the best, and one of the funniest person I've ever met.. SO if your looking for a stylist who is honest, listens, and is plain great call and make an appointment!!
5	love love love the energy!
5	Wow, a salon I actually made a second appointment with before I left...:)  I have been a die-hard Aveda fan forever, but I decided to branch out when I got a too-good-to-pass-up deal through an internet site. Sooo glad I did!  Christian did a great job with the color; sometimes I leave a salon feeling like my hair doesn't look much different for what I've paid, or on the opposite end of the spectrum, it looks TOO different, and I can't wait to rearrange or recolor, or re-something. I'm happy to say, Christian got it just right. Basically, I had highlights, a cut and a style done...my hair is super curly and he was patient with me when I discovered a few knots...oops...Loved that he has early morning appointments, loved that he didn't try to upsell me a bunch of products or make me feel bad that I'm not using $75.00 shampoo (yes, I have left other salons feeling that way) and love that he made the time seem to go quickly--I generally hate getting my hair done, but love having it done--if that make sense...:)is salon was a bit different than I'd pictured, rather on the cozy side, but they certainly make good use of space.  It's got a pretty good vibe going on, and I will definitely be back...:)
1	I haven't been t his unhappy with a hair salon in years! I went to have a single process, dark brown, and my hair is now 'shoe polish' black! I was told they couldn't lighten my hair but would put a few highlights in to have it appear lighter; then Christian, the owner, said I would have to pay extra for that. I had my roots colored in NYC in June by a salon I hadn't been to before and my hair color was lovely. Something is very wrong if the color that Salon X gave me is so dark, so solid black, and they won't do anything to correct it, say they did nothing wrong.. I will tell everyone I know, go on every website, to let people know never to trust this salon.
1	I had Jenifer. Explained I liked my hair color but wanted a change and that I needed all over color to cover my gray and that I wanted a natural looking auburn that was more brown than red but with deeper colors of red. I explained I thought my hair kind of dull for fall and wanted more vibrancy to go with my fall wardrobe. Instead she gave me partial highlights of almost an imperceptible red, (that not a single person I knew could tell anything had been done), and left my hair its normal plain light brown and I can still see gray. So after 2 hours my hair looks almost exactly the same and no vibrant color and definitely not auburn.Will not be returning. The only good thing is I had a deal certificate from weekly plus so the whole thing only cost me $45 and not the full $100. But I could have came closer to what I wanted at least by having my entire hair colored so there would be no gray by buying a box of hair dye for $15 and doing it myself.Thank goodness there are various deal sites so I can try a salon for a reasonable cost and will keep trying different salons until I find one that I like and does a good job.
5	My 2nd time back, 1st being 2 mos ago, May 26th. Worked with Chrissy Johnson both times (I wouldn't go to anyone else!). 1st time we did a color, cut, style...AWESOME job. The color was perfect, just what I wanted & the cut was fabulous. I'm a total wimp when it comes to getting my hair cut, but Chrissy made me feel comfortable right from the start. She listened to me & gave me exactly the cut I wanted. AND, I even liked it the next day after I styled it myself (that's a rarity, trust me!).  Went back today for a cut, same style as last time & once again, PERFECT. Chrissy has a customer for life right here!
5	Salon X and Christian are amazing.  Christian is a certified professional in coloring hair.  One of only a few in the Valley.  Christian has always listened to what I what to do with my hair, and never has there been any surprises!  It took me 33 years to find a Stylist, and I can honestly say that it was worth the wait..
1	I was very disappointed with this salon.  I encountered them through a Groupon-type deal.  When I arrived, I had a hard time finding the place as there was no one there to greet me at the main doors (it is an indoor complex of beauty services) and the stylist was running late.  She hardly listened to me as I was explaining what I would like done to my hair.  While doing my hair, she did not talk to me, not even once.  Rather, she chatted with her mother the whole time.  Actually, she did talk to me just once... to ask me if I had been there before.  When the hair dye was setting, she continued to talked to her mom in the tiny little room they call a salon, without making eye contact although they were no more than five feet from me.  She was very rough with my hair/head and was rushed.  The cut came out sloppy and I ended up going somewhere else to get it cleaned up.  I do not know for sure if she was even certified as there were only licenses hanging for two others that worked there, but not her.  When finishing the cut, she immediately asked me how I was going to pay for the tip.  That's it.  I thought the customer service was very poor, in addition to the skill level and facilities (very small, crowded room with a slopped and cluttered layout).
