3	Looks and smells like a decrepit moldy old place because of the pool. The layout is confusing, the people staying are sometimes a little sketchy (or maybe church folk in uniform and highway hotels just creep me out, I don't know.), but there's free wifi (unsecured), an indian buffet, a bbq place, and more than competent staff. Good enough.Except a little after midnight some dude woke me up knocking on the door, and insisting I had ordered a cab. I had not. It was weird. The next morning I noticed they were doing some maintenance and remodeling on the front lobby and air conditioning system, so maybe there will only be ongoing improvements.
1	This was the worst hotel that I ever stayed in. my hubby and I  took the smoking room and it stunk sooo bad that I wanted to throw up. I was afraid to sleep in that nasty bed. in the morning at 5am I wanted to leave the room cuz smell was sooo gross that woke me up! I felt so dirty that I took two showers AT Other HOTEL. I never thought that I will have nightmares bcz of bad and stinky hotel.
3	I stayed here on New Years Eve and I can't say that I had any significant problems although admittedly I was concerned given the previous reviews. I found my room to be clean, warm and comfortable, the front desk was friendly and efficient, and the price was far more reasonable than other larger hotels in the city. The issues I did have were that my quilt had some holes in it, the vending machine was sold out of most items, my remote for the tv was not functioning, and the continental breakfast was limited although granted it was free.While the aforementioned issues seem minor and did not necessarily detract from my stay, it is apparent that the staff does not pay enough attention to the details, which could be significant for families or those staying longer. Bottom line is that while this hotel provides basic essentials at a low price and is conveniently located to the city, attention to details is very important and if the staff can improve on these it would then warrant a 4-star or maybe even a 5-star rating.
3	I stayed here for about a week.  I stayed in the non-smoking room and found it to be clean and smelled OK.  Flat screen TV, remote and free HBO.  My issues were: the telephone in the room was next to useless (most of the time didn't even work when i needed to call the front desk) and the internet service was terrible.  It seemed that if I was in the main building, where they serve breakfast or in the fitness area, the internet was great, but much of the hotel is outside and the internet was terrible.  Other than that, the staff was friendly, plenty of security cameras and the place seemed in decent shape.  It was a prime case of you get what you pay for.  Could have been better (fix the internet, better choices on the free breakfast, restock the vending machine) but I have to admit, I have paid comparable amounts and been in much worse hotels.  Oh and they're close to downtown (about 3 miles) so that's a plus.  If I visit Pittsburgh again, I wouldn't mind staying there again.
1	I've never been to Pittsburgh before and I planned on doing some heavy partying and needed a place to crash that was not on the floor so I booked this hotel the day before I drove up. I saw the reviews & ignored them because I figured I'd be drunk and happy enough to dive into a bed.I checked in around 2am, the girl who checked me in barely said anything to me besides "initial here and sign here and your room is over there". The room smelt like hot dogs, the AC wasn't working at all so I was dripping in sweat all night, none of the lamps worked at all, there were holes in the pillow cases and bedding, there was a tiny blood stain on the sheet, I went down for the continental breakfast at 9:30am (it ends at 10am) and they already stopped serving, the shower was ice cold. I then checked for bed bugs after realizing the shithole I spent the night in last night (coast is clear). I checked out and went back to Baltimore, which seems like heaven on earth compared to Shittsburgh.
3	Pros: friendly staff, clean, nice pool and close food. Rooms are clean, bathrooms are nice.Cons: towels were stained, walls were a little rough.For the price it's clean and solid, needs a facelift inside as it's aged. But I'd stay here again!
1	BED BUGS!!! Horrible place! DO NOT STAY HERE!! Stayed here for a wedding we attended. Woke up in the middle of the night with bites all over my legs, arms, and back. We flip a pillow over and there it was. BED BUGS. We had to cut our trip short. The man at the front desk apologized and gave us the managers name and number and told us to call back later that morning. We have been calling since 8/10 and have yet to receive a call back. Such disrespect. We risk bringing back bed bugs and spending hundreds on extermination fees and no has the decency to call back.
