3	Leftovers.  The food was so good here that we all were thinking about our leftovers-can't wait to eat this stuff again tomorrow!The place does need to shake the old people feel.The service at John Henry's was first rate, very attentive without being a bother.  My wife had a steak topped with blue cheese. I had Orichietta (pasta) which had a nice garlic infused cream sauce with prosciutto, onions and peas.  The kids had seafood pasta and a Knocchi with a Bolognes (SP) sauce.  We all loved the food.  They have a nice wine list and recommended a tasty Malbec to compliment our meals.The atmosphere is nice if a little dated.  The staff and manager Adam are very helpful and friendly.  All in all, we're looking forward to a return trip here.Live music after 7 on weekends.  (I think it was 7)
1	Four words - expensive, old people food.  I wish this place was good because of its very convenient location.  Its just not my kind of food.
2	I've always found the location of John Henry's to be rather peculiar. It's at the front of the parking lot of a strip mall that features a sports bar and a women's workout place among other things. I got the feeling that it would rather be closer to Ray or Warner than Guadalupe or Elliot. Still, it's in a location where it's very conspicuous. So conspicuous that I wish I never noticed it.The food is egregiously overpriced. The food borders on average to below average. My first inclination that my entree might not be so good was when I ate my salad and it was prepared with ordinary iceberg lettuce and not much else other than a fairly tasty dressing. A few bites in and I knew it would be my last time at this place. I cannot figure out where Henry's gets off charging the prices that it does and is still able to keep its doors open. Even more perplexing is the clientele. It was teenagers taking their dates out for a fancy dinner (or so they thought) or groups of elderly people. It got me thinking there was an early bird special that I was missing out on?The clientele of JH doesn't bother me like it did some in other reviews, but the food and the prices and lack of quality did. A respectable menu without respectable food for a triple digit bill for two people is unacceptable.
1	You probably weren't going to go to John Henry's anyway, but just in case you try to go to Pizzam! and it has an past due rent notice on the door DO NOT decide to go to the next restaurant you see, which will be John Henry's if you drive the most convenient direction out of the parking lot. As we approached John Henry's we tried to guess what kind of food they would serve based on the outside appearance. My money was on Mexican food, but I was wrong. What kind of food do they serve? I am not even sure. There was a REALLY weird guy playing a keyboard (not a piano) for some old people in a lounge area and the oldest waiter in the world served us. Like Craig Z. points out is really absurdly priced and seriously iceberg lettuce? Where am I, Red Lobster? The food was ok maybe? I don't even remember it. I have no idea who goes to this restaurant. None. While we were there it was storming really hard and just outside the front door a transformer BLEW UP. This was definitely the coolest thing about John Henry's. Since that is likely not to happen to you if you go, I would advise you to skip it. Not that you were going to go anyway, cause seriously, who goes here?
1	My son had a $50 gift certificate to John Henry's Restaurant; (supposedly a fine-dining establishment) and on a moment's notice asked his mother (me) to go out for dinner. (I usually YELP restaurants before I go out  to eat somewhere but due to the last minute plans I did not have a chance to do so.) And I am thinking - $50 couldn't go too wrong.Enter the TWILIGHT Zone.....................Ok.   so you have  an English sounding restaurant  but with an Italian Menu, Croatian  Greeter/Manager, a decor that is Southwestern with weird French accents; and such inept waiters who are unbelievable.  Let's start with OUR WAITER.  The manager promptly seats us.10 minutes later, our server appears- very friendly- but immediately announces he hasn't worked in months since working here years ago and we (unfortunately ) are his very first patrons sinc returing to work here!) .   He proceeds to tell us of his  past misfortunes and  subsequent travels around the world.  Meanwhile, we are thirsty and would like (at least some water) and perhaps order a drink.  When he is finished, I asked  what the house wine was - Response - "Gee, I don't know -it use to be Woodbridge but it may have changed.  He just stood there.  I asked- "can you please find out?"  He said "Oh yea - sure".  We also have  no tableware - nor menu.Can you spell I-N-E-P-T? He came back to take our drink orders and tell us about the drink specials.  I asked if we could see a menu  (mind you we are already  20 minutes into the evening. )  He laughed and attempted to make light of the fact that we had no tableware nor menu.So while we are waiting - the waiter for the group of 8 women  seated directly behind  us  (from Chicago, based on their very loud conversation) was telling them a story about  God knows what.  He talked very loudly and kept saying  "those Black guys" in his monologue.  There happened to be a couple (black gentleman with his white companion) nearby who could not help but overhear this guy's  very racist dribble and appeared to become very uncomfortable.  The women sat silently and said nothing.  I was about to interrupt him  and tell him that his conversation was rude and to please stop when he ended his rant and left.The wine list is from HELL- How can a purported fine dining establishment even entertain the thought of having Sutter Home White Zinfandel ($23/bottle)  and Little Penguin Cabernet - ($34/bottle) on the menu?  What a joke - not to mention rip-off About the food.......The veal dishes we had were ok.  Although the veal (Satimboca and Marsala) were tender, both dishes were very salty.  However, the vegetables were fresh and tender and the potato slices tender.  The bread is hot  but nothing to rave over.  We stuck to one glass of red wine each from the Glass Only wine menu as the bottle menu was lacking and way overpriced.  We ended  the meal  splitting  the Tiramisou which was very good and supposedly homemade on the premises.By the time we left @  8:30 p.m. the place was busy with only 3 empty tables. My son and I could not figure out how this place stays in business considering the poor service and mediocre food/overpriced and  low end wine selection.    Bill for two came to $113 and with our $50 coupon ended up paying  $82 (including tip) .  Way overpriced.  Trust me -  we will NEVER return to this TWILIGHT ZONE again and if you are wise you won't even begin to venture into it....
4	I like John Henry's. I will go back and I am not a senior citizen, I didn't think they served Mexican and I am accustomed to paying $25 a plate, so the prices did not cause me to implode. So, for all the reviews that came before me...I rebuke you. I found the food really well prepared, the wine list is good, not exceptional, the service is exceptional. My husband and I went on a Tuesday evening and were seated right away. The decor is a bit 80's, with peachy/mauve walls and numerous tables w/white tablecloths and buffet chairs. But the dining area is large and you can feel secluded but still part of what is happening in the restaurant. Our server asked if we cared for a drink and went over the specials. They had several specials to chose from and their soup special was lobster bisque. I do not have a enough lobster bisque in my diet -really who does? - and it was great. Lobster and butter and some spice, a perfect combination.  Our waiter was outstanding, we had an appetizer, and 2 courses. He timed them perfectly. My husband and I relaxed, made an slow meal of it and really enjoyed ourselves. The manager ended our evening with a lovely liqueur as a nightcap...free tasty booze, a step up from the free booze I will so happily accept.  There was a gentleman setting up a keyboard and playing a few tunes as we left. Think Hotel California and anything by the Eagles. The bar is really attractive and spacious, not quite the decor of the dining room. I liked it and thought, I could hit this place up again for some drinks and a few noshes while I listened to some live music..The food is great, I think it is a great value for the food prepared, the service you receive and the overall feeling. Yes, I would come for my prom, or my Rotary Dinner out or like myself, just dinner bcz I can't bear to cook - pick your poison, head to JH and be prepared to have a good meal and be serenaded by Eagles tunes.
5	I was eager to write this review, as I am hoping to use Yelp to share more POSITIVE experiences and opinions. Last night I took my parents to John Henry's to celebrate my Mom's Birthday. This place came highly recommended from several friends of mine and people in the hospitality biz. First and most importantly, the service was amazing. From being greeted, to seated and then cared for by the team during our meal, everything seemed perfectly timed and managed. It just does not happen like this any more. Little things like my water glass never going below half full- and I drink a ton of water! We enjoyed the grilled salad, caprese, sea bass and lobster/crab ravioli and cheesecake. It was divine. The ambiance to me is what makes a place. It has warmth, personality and a comfort that you cannot find elsewhere. Totally dug the live music! My parents are the partying/lively type and would have been offended if I took them to an "old peoples" restaurant. It's not of the such. Sure its missing loud ass people, crying kids, servers bitching about personal life, cell phones ringing, dishing clanging in the back.... but it its place is personal service, great live music every day, comfy surroundings and damn good food. I hope you enjoy!
2	This is a review for their banquet menu, as I was here with a group.  The first course is a trio of pastas, each with their own sauce.  A few tortellini's, a ravioli, and I don't remember what the third was.  It was a little overcooked, but the best thing I had.  Next was the salad.  Wow, what tough lettuce leafs!  Other than that is was ok, just a basic dinner salad, nothing to set it apart.  For the main course, we had a choice between filet mignon, sea bass, or chicken.  They ran out of my first choice, the fish so I went with the chicken.  The description sounded good, but it wasn't.  I didn't realize it was going to be breaded, and the breading was mushy.  Underneath, the chicken was dry and overdone.  Who picks these places?!?!? Seriously, I need to figure out who plans these company functions and introduce them to the wonderful world of Yelp.  I think it would have significant positive impact for the company as a whole.  Employee morale would go up, individual performance would soar, productivity would increase, we would gain market share, and before you know it, we would be topping Forbes top companies to work for lists.
1	Out of business
4	This was my first introduction to 'fine dining'. My husband made us reservations for my birthday. I was surprised when the waiter pulled out the chair for me. I had never been to a resturant where I experienced that. Overall, the food was great and I had a wonderful time.
