5	Okay, In todays world it seems like every place is trying to nickel and dime us to death right? Not so! I got into a fender bender this morning and my back rear bumper had a pretty sizable dent. Not wanting to spend alot of money to get it replaced, I wanted to find a place that would just "pop" out the dent, no repainting just the basic. Having bought my car from Camelback Toyota and experiencing great service from them, I thought I would give Camelback Collision Center a shot thinking it couldn't hurt. Much to my surprise and pleasure Matt, the assistant manager, checked out my car and said "do you have a minute?" I said sure and he drove off to the repair shop..Low and behold, he came back 15 minutes later, dent was gone and NO CHARGE!!Folks, there are businesses who pride themselves on customer service and really do just want to help without making a buck off of everything they do.Please give these folks an opportunity to work with you if you experience an unfortunate accident! Marlo Thomas
1	Trying to get a hold of the receptionist here to make an appointment is harder than trying to find Osama Bin Laden. At least Bin Laden was found, I still have yet to hear any response from this establishment. Apparently, there's only one person you can talk to to make an appointment and she never picks up her phone. I end up playing phone tag with her voicemail for days on end. Even the service representatives at Camelback Toyota gave me business cards for other local businesses when I told them about my problem instead of trying to get hold of them.I eventually researched on Yelp and found Penske Automotive on Hayden Rd. who took care of the huge black hole in my rear bumper in less than a week.
1	Worst place to ever bring your car. I didn't even have to pay because it was going through insurance of the person who hit my car and I still will never bring a car to this shop. Cynthia at front desk has biggest attitude and could care less about the customer. My advisor was Jerry Sr. And he was horrible and I had to doHis job for him, the manager was even worse also named Jerry. Biggest advice don't bring your car here if you want to be treated horrible and they like to add on more to what's wrong with your car then it actually is.
5	I am very pleased with this business. The work was top notch. It did take awhile to get the job done but Jazmine was excellent at keeping me informed on the status. She even noticed a scratch that was done by accident. They were very prompt to fix it without any argument. Now my car looks brand new. You guys were great thank you!
