5	My favorite chick-fil-a. Probably because it's the one that's the closest.  Very normal and what you would expect from Chick-fil-a and everyone leaves happy.  These guys are pretty dang friendly too at this location...almost creepy .. hahah
5	Everyone loves Chick-fil-A's chicken sandwiches (and they are pretty damn good) but the service here is friendly and the place is just damn spotless clean.  The men's can even has some kind of dried flower arrangement, is this a fast food joint or a sushi bar?Don't rely on the stupid google map for directions, this place is actually south of 202 at E. Ray Road.  I never trust that idiotic GPS stuff anyway.
5	This weekend I went to one of my favorite fast food joints, Chick-fil-A. When I walked in, I was surprised, I was actually greeted to "Welcome to Chick-fil-A! How may I serve you?" Let's be honest, how many times does one actually get greeted at a fast food restaurant? Chick-fil-A is best known for their original sandwich, which is made up of a breaded chicken breast with pickles and a spray of butter on the buns. I, myself, love the Number Four Meal. The Number Four Meal is also known as the Spicy Chicken Sandwich Deluxe. The juicy chicken is a piece of boneless breast seasoned with a spicy blend of peppers. Included is a bun, topped off with Green Leaf lettuce and a slice of Pepper Jack cheese with pickles.  Also included in the meal are their scrumptious Waffle Potato fries with a hint of salt. Of course, you can't just eat your sandwich plain without having anything to dip it in. I personally love to have my spicy sandwich with Buffalo and Buttermilk Ranch sauce. Buffalo makes the sandwich spicier and Ranch just cools it off for the wimps in us. Normally people love their waffle fries with ketchup, but I love having my waffle fries with Chick-fil-A sauce. When dipping my waffle fries into Chick-fil-A sauce and putting it in my mouth, my taste buds just want to scream out loud and thank me for the delicious taste of my fries with Chick-fil-A sauce. Last but not least, you've got to have something to cool everything down. It could be either a soft drink or a milkshake. Overall, my visit to Chick-fil-A was worth it. They have friendly customer service and most of all my meal was just enjoyable. I recommend this restaurant to anyone who loves great customer service and most importantly appetizing food.
5	Chick-Fil-A will always get 5 stars. Although I understand the reasoning behind being closed on Sundays, I am still disappointed at only having 6 days a week to enjoy the deliciousness that is Chick-Fil-A.
4	This is toddler heaven.   For about $20, I can feed a family of four with chicken that can be identified as actual chicken and not particle-chicken.  The staff at this location is young, courteous, and friendly.   It's highly family oriented at this location, you can pretty much bank on traffic in the play area every evening.    The facilities are kept reasonably clean; there's going to be a bit of a greasy feel sometimes no matter how much you do when there's 18 deep fryers going all day.It seems like the fries are always a wee bit underdone, so we just get fruit which is better for us anyhow.  The chicken is always blistering hot, with the meat juicy and delicious.  Trading in the Veggie Tales cds in the kids' meal for a tiny ice cream cone is a no brainer every time.  The only drawback to this Chick Fil A are the parents who don't monitor their children's activity in the play area.   I tend to end up being mother hen, demanding 11 year olds stop climbing on the outside of the equipment so that they don't fall and squash a 2 year old below.   Overall, this place has saved me from making dinner once every couple weeks quite admirably.
5	Eat more Chicken?!My favorite saying lately!!Absolutely love this location on Power Road. Clean, convenient, and has to be the friendliest location I  have been to in awhile.Love the Chicken Strips!!Fries are OK - Usually they are not cooked all the way to my liking - this is ALL locations!There Cheesecake is so fresh and moist my mouth is watering now!
5	I was raised in the south and have been eating Chick-Fil-A since before I could talk. My favorite fast food place without a doubt!!!!Food quality is good, employees always seem to love their job and if you eat inside you get table side service! What's not to love?I have never had anything that wasn't good a CFA and they have some of the best milkshakes EVER!!! I highly recommend their summer special Banana Pudding filled with little bites of Nilla Wafers!Super friendly location that is kept clean and food is always fresh and the play area will keep my almost 2 year old and 8 1/2 year old content!! For fast food, it is truly "As good as it gets!" for fast food. There you go Chick-Fil-A, you can have my 5 stars!
5	This is without a doubt the best quick service restaurant I have ever seen (21 years in recruiting). Every employee is polite and helpful and demonstrates outstanding customer service. It is sparkling clean and very kid friendly. Each Tuesday is Family Night and there is a balloon artist and crafts for kids...and great healthy food
4	If you can believe it, I have never before been to a Chick-filet-A . Till this one visit.I have to say,I really liked it a lot.Fresh real pieces of Chicken. lettuce and tomato. The only thing I would change is the bun. It is a bit of a junky bun. Maybe if they toasted it ,it would be a little better.If they changed the bun altogether it would be perfect!Fries were really good! Waffle fries, hot ,fresh, and lots of potato on them.For a drink I got lemonade,which was made with real lemons and just a small amount of sugar, so it was not over whelminly sweet.Really good, so happy I finally got to try it!Now I understand the cow ads as well!!
5	We came here today after a very long walk. Chick Fil A is the place man. This is the king or should I say the Queen of fast food.I know they have all the political stuff going on, but let us just deal with the food at this moment.The chicken here is divine~ I mean really good!I love the fries , cut fresh from a potato and just fried. They are fat and just perfect waffle fries. They use real green lettuce, find that any where else. I even got a lemonade, which is made from real lemons, sugar and pure water.Of course they do have sauces and dips with good old High fructose corn syrup in it. But, you almost have to leave the country to find a place without it.The food is great! The staff is well mannered and friendly, and the price is good.I say that is all I need. Right O!Plus, the staff all gets Sunday off, I give the owner major props for that . It is a really good thing.
5	Great fast food!!! Yummy chicken!!!!  Always superb service!Great Breakfast too!!!!
3	The chicken fillet has gone on a diet.  Sad they have reduced the size of the chicken fillet on their sandwich.  Probably yet another result of ObamaCare, but the new lightweight sandwich doesn't even fill you up.
4	You can't go wrong with the spicy chicken sandwich.  They literally kill you will kindness here.  I think if you came in with a horrible attitude and talked to one of the staff it would be difficult to be mean to any of them.  They go above and beyond to give you the best most kind device available.
5	Good fresh chicken. Recommend the chicken sandwich. Cookies are also surprisingly good and soft. They sometimes get crowded so try and get here before dinner rush. Only negative of this place is they are closed on Sundays. Other than that, they are for sure a go to a place for a good chicken sandwich. Also sign up for their text program for good deals!
5	As with every visit here, we leave with a good meal and feeling so positive. The staff really goes out of its way to treat you with kindness and respect! This is the better side of fast food! My congratulations to this company for promoting manners, good food and good prices!! Love it!!
5	Clean, family friendly, fast, superior service, and awesome food. Made a complaint one time to the manager about family night. The next time they did that activity during family night they had addressed my complaint! We are frequent customers for life!
5	Love love LOVE chick fil a! Every Chick fil a I have the same good experience. I'm writing a review on this location becaues it is the one I tend to go to the most. The chicken sandwich is amazing and the waffle fries are to die for!! I could drink the chickfila sauce it is that good!! I always leave feelings full and can't wait till I come back. Great food, clean enviroment, and friendly staff!!!
5	It's CFA, what's not to like?! Friendly, clean, fair priced and delicious. I love coming here and it's definitely a staple.
5	I go here regularly.  The employees are always super friendly. Orders are always accurate.
5	It's CFA, what's not to like?! It's clean, comfortable and affordable. The staff are friendly, professional and helpful, unlike most fast-food joints. CFA always provides great good at great prices. I'm hooked on the spicy chicken!
5	I've been here many times and have yet to have a bad experience. Today, after I had ordered my meal, I proceeded to pay with a gift card I had. Upon swiping the card, the employee notified me that he was having trouble getting the card to work. No sweat. He offered to grab me my drink in the meantime as I wait for him to try and fix the card. A moment later another employee greeted me, and attempted to help see what was wrong with the card. After about 5 minutes the two employees figured the gift card may not have been activated at the store that it was bought at. Not the end of the world, I went to open my wallet and pay with cash, and the staff member told me the meal is free for today! I was shocked! I've been to full sized, dine-in restaurants, and I've still never seen the staff deal with an issue (that wasn't even their fault) with such politeness, and professionalism. I wish I would of taken down both of their names to thank them in this review. But for any managers reading this, know that these are the type of employees that have a positive impact on your business. The whole situation took about 5 minutes, both staff members involved were more than happy and understanding about the problem. And even when we came to the conclusion the card had not been activated properly at the walgreens I had bought it at, they still INSISTED the meal was free. Very impressive, and I hope Chick-fil-a values it's employees. I'll gladly return again.
