5	1st to Review? How? This place is located in the Village Eateries inside NY/NY.During Playoff sports I tend to spend alot of time @ ESPN Sportszone so after a grueling few hours of nachos & beer I like to finish the night off right with a..........._________!Really, I love the Banana Split w/3 scoops of your favorite ice cream and whipped cream,etc.Yeah it probably seems pricy but hell, its Ben & Jerry's the best ice cream on the planet.Only negative here-they do none of the promotional stuiff here.
4	This is not the Ben & Jerry's I've come to know and love.  It is pretty close but I think Ben or Jerry may have tied one on last night and the service and execution is slightly off.  So what could have been a 5 star chocolate shake comes out kind of runny and only a four star shake.When a star falls in Vegas does it make a sound?
4	Oh yeah! Who doesn't LOVE ice cream when it's 101 degrees outside?The Village Eateries are SOOOO adorable, and Ben & Jerry's is soooo tasty. I recommend 7 layer coconut. mmMMMMmmmM
5	Yeah for Ben and Jerry's Ice Cream Scoop Shop on a hot Vegas day! Yeah for fresh made waffle cones! Yeah for Phish Food and Chocolate Peanut Butter Ice Cream in that fresh made waffle cone! Yeah for great service! Yeah for walking all over the New York, New York hotel so you can walk off that ice cream!
3	This one was located in New York New York Casino. We had a long night and we were craving for some desserts, so we hit up was being served in our hotel. We ordered a Cookie Cookie Sundae which was your choice of ice cream with a cookie served with whip cream and chocolate syrup.  The girl preparing our order screwed up.  She forgot to put the chocolate syrup.  We had to remind her but it was okay, she looked very tired and was about to close up for the night.  The dessert was okay, something you can come up with at home but this was just a filler for our cravings.Staff          =    C+Food         =    CLocation   =    F (also had to walk through smoke filled casino)
4	Cherry Garcia shake is a tasty treat.
4	There was a guy handing out buy-one-get-one-free coupons for a scoop or a sundae outside of Ben and Jerry's, so we figured, why not??I got the peanut butter chocolate in a waffle cone, and my friend got chunky monkey in a cone.  I thought it was weird that they wouldn't just put mine in a cup and keep their cone since I wasn't going to eat it anyway, but whatever--I was just trying to save them money!But our total came to $8.50 WITH the coupon, so I definitely don't think it would be worth it to have gotten just one come for $8.50.  That seems pretty ridiculous for one scoop of ice cream, even on the strip.
1	Wouldn't let me use a gift card. They said that they don't take them. A Ben & Jerry's doesn't even take their own gift cards? I think both the cashier and the manager had no idea what they were doing.
4	Mmmmmmm yummy baby!Come on...how can you go wrong with Ben and Jerry's ice cream?Yes I buy pints at the grocery store to have in the freezer for those insatiable sweet tooth cravings.Going to their ice cream shop is of course even better as there are so many different concoctions you can create! I love making a trio banana split with the chunky monkey as one of the flavors. It is a banana flavored ice cream with chunks of chocolate and walnuts that just adds to the split experience. Nummy...Mmmmmm it's good stuff!Just do it! Treat yourself to some sweet bliss, I am sure you deserve it!
