5	Okay, I've only been to Dozen Bake Shop once, so maybe I'm not really qualified to write a review, but Pittsburgh needs some Yelp help.I purchased, and enjoyed, a humongous cinnamon roll with--pardon my word choice--HELLA frosting.  It was incredible.  What's more impressive is that I left the cinnamon roll in a car overnight and for the better part of the next day before I consumed it, yet the roll was still tasty as could be.  I also tried a bite of a Mostess/Mostest? cupcake--aka a Fauxstess--and it, too, was incredible.  As for the non-food aspects of Dozen Bake Shop, I like the tasteful interior decorating--cute, but not over the top--and the guy (the owner, maybe?) who works there is very nice.  Prices aren't too bad for the quality, either.  I'll definitely return to indulge my sweet tooth.Update: Now that I've tried several items at Dozen, I can say that I am thoroughly addicted to the danish with blackberry or blueberries, which is the best I've ever tasted, and the red velvet cupcake.
5	The cupcakes are amazing and the service is great!  They offer standard flavors along with some really creative concoctions.  The staff is enthusiastic and spent a lot of time with me explaining the different menu items and giving recommendations.  They even gave my friend and me little "cupcakes on a stick" to try after our lunch.  The non-cupcake lunch items were tasty and made from quality ingredients, although here they could offer a little more variety.  Overall it was a very nice experience and I can't wait to go back!
5	Sunday being a bad time to try to get into Coca, my friends suggested we all meet up at Dozen for brunch. "The cupcake place?" I asked. "Yeah, yeah! They opened a new one on Butler."Six of us settled in with no problem. 3 vegetarians and 3 omnivores. 3 cups of coffee, 1 order of french toast, a nibble of vegan hash, a stolen taste of strata, and a bite of pastry later, I am convinced that this may be the best straight brunch in Pgh. There are not a lot of options, but every single one is delicious. The upstairs seating offers more space and a balcony. Really, this is a lovely place. Still a bit new and clean, waiting for some wearing in, but with the quality of the food and service it won't take long.The only issues are the somewhat cramped flow of traffic and (I can't believe I'm saying this) the size of the portions. They give you way way way too much food. Which is nice on one hand, until you stuff yourself to the brim and still have to take home or throw out half of your order.
5	I was pleasantly surprised b this cupcake and sweets shop's ability to sling out a fantastic brunch. As a fan of cupcakes I already enjoyed what Dozen had to offer in the way of thoughtful small cakes and interesting icings. The Lawrenceville bake shop has taken it a step further by not only giving the cupcakes the extra breathing room and menu compliments needed to keep you in a shop for some reason other than a sugary treat, but they've stuck a small cafe in a part of town that really needed a little more variety. I had the black bean strada, a lime and cilantro scone (I actually paused in surprise after taking a bite- so good!), tasted a banana muffin that was a little too heavy and more like a pound cake, and had a cup of coffee that was notable.Staff was friendly. I sat in the small outdoors balcony upstairs. Upstairs thoughtfully has it's own coffee supply and a small kitchen: nice touch.  Everything about this place seems tasteful and considered. Enjoyable art on the walls. I will return.
5	One more reason I HEART PGH! We stopped for breakfast here on Saturday morning after driving by Quiet Storm and seeing that they didn't open until 10. Their cinnamon rolls are the stuff of dreams. I made a valiant effort, but I could not finish mine. I had originally planned to eat the cinnamon roll AND a cupcake for breakfast, but I had to put the red velvet cupcake in the bag with the margarita cupcake I had ordered to go. Hours later when eaten in the car, the red velvet cupcake proved to be moist and delicious. The margarita cupcake was great even when eaten 12 hours after I purchased it with the salty sugar rolled around the edges. My friend got one of their coffee tumblers and used it for our trip and it held up beautifully. I can't wait to go back here when I sell at Handmade Arcade in November!
3	The BoHo cupcake scene has been birthed in PGH at Dozen. There's a great look and feel at the Butler joint. The Squirrel Hill location is truly a closet, good for a stop in and out. Butler is a cafe, well staffed and with plenty to eat. The baked goods are REALLY good and chased with Intellegentsia coffee, even better.
4	Well, the USA Today rated this place as the best cupcakes in America, which got me to head there for a taste test.  The reason for four stars instead of five?  On some of the cupcakes, towards the end of the day, the cake is a bit dry, and the icing is always fairly heavy.That said, the red velvet cupcake might be the best cupcake I've ever had.  The available cupcakes change daily, and repeat weekly (Monday has the same menu as the next Monday), and that changes once a season.  If you find a cupcake dry, ask the employees what they'd recommend instead; I found that I preferred cupcakes made with an oil base instead of a butter base, which is to say, the vegan ones.The scones are the best I've had, pretty much anywhere.  The coffee is excellent, and the specialty coffee drinks beat Starbucks, hands down.  The staff is friendly.  The hours are great.  That said, the food is best in the morning; it doesn't keep as well through the day.  The non-vegan cupcakes are definitely dry, I'd argue too dry.Go here.--- Update: they changed their hours, to focus more on their Squirrel Hill location.
5	Loved this place since day one. I was very distraught when I moved out of town, but look forward to coming home once a year to eat a GREAT brunch. Love the vegan options, love the environment. Owners are great and personal, they got to know me over the last two years of going to Squirrel Hill Cupcake location...love it! I love taking out of towners here, always a fun experience. And when Coca Cafe is being stupid and taking forever, walk down here for fast breakfast!
5	Dozen bakeshop does brunch like nobody else.  Their baked french toast is sugary goodness, and their quiche is melt in your mouth good.  Very very decadent.  This is not a place for dieters, unless it's cheat day.  If it's cheat day, then it's really the only place you should go.On the baked good side, their cinnamon buns are awesome, and try the molasses cookie, monster bars and scones.  Plus, intelligentsia coffee... mmmmmm.I have to say I don't care for their cupcakes, but everything else is awesome.
2	If dry, bland cupcakes are your thing, then this is the place for you. So unimpressed. The cake was flavorless and crumbly. Icing not very sweet, and barely flavored. But yet somehow dense and heavy. We went through 6 varieties hoping to find a winner. ... and were disappointed 6 times. Their "best cinnamon roll" of Pittsburgh didn't fly in my book either. Best cupcake in America? BAH. Even Betty Crocker's got a leg up on this joint. The only saving grace with their big fluffy rice krispy treat. That's worth 1 star alone. Rarely have I been so let down by sugar. I cried myself to sleep that night.
5	So I went to bruch at the Bake Shop this Sunday for the first time and it was more than I could've ever hoped for.  A co-worker had told me it was favorite little secret brunch place on the weekends a couple months ago and I finally got down there to see for myself.  The food was incredible.  My boyfriend and I had trouble deciding what to have because everything sounded and smelled amazing.  The staff was incredibly helpful and friendly, and the food we chose was out of this world.  We each had an incredible cinnamon roll--yes, they really are the best in Pgh, perhaps the best ever (good thing my Grandma isn't internet savvy.)  Then I had delicious broccoli and bacon quiche that was savory fluffy and he had a sinfully sweet waffle casserole with a lemony glaze of perfection.  It was all topped off by a great cup of coffee!  The prices were completely reasonable for the amount of food and the quality.  I honestly can't say enough.  If you are reading this and you haven't gone- go. now.
4	I really love this place.The cupcakes are sometimes good and sometimes great. Once I had a gingerbread cupcake that was to die for. I think it had a hint of lemon in the frosting. They pretty reliably have vegan options. Once they were out of vegan cupcakes and gave me a free vegan chocolate chip cookie. You would think that a chocolate chip cookie could not step in and fill the shoes of a cupcake when someone had cupcake in mind, but that was a damn good chocolate chip cookie.What really makes me a fan of Dozen Bake Shop is the clever design and completely comfortable atmosphere. The owner and employees are friendly and often chat you up. I could spend a considerable chunk of time hanging out with a laptop, a cupcake, and a soy latte that does not disappoint, and I'm not one to do that a lot.Also, the strawberry lemonade: hell yes.
3	Went here for Sunday brunch.  I live by the cupcake store and had always wanted to try their other store.  There are only 5 or 6 items on the menu, but they are all amazing.  They also have an assortment of pastries... but they aren't too special.  It's a very small place, but we didn't have to wait and sat right down.  A nice relaxing place to take a friend and chat over a tasty brunch.
5	Thankfully, Dozen Bake Shop is not completely beholden to the cupcake trend.  They do have a few varieties of cupcakes that are made fresh each morning, including a delicious red velvet option and a vegan take on the Hostess cupcake, both of which I enjoyed sampling.  But they offer a variety of other baked goods, as well as sandwiches, quiches, and other savory items.  Also, they serve Intelligentsia coffee, which warms the soul of this Chicago transplant.Dozen recently opened a location in the Andy Warhol Museum, and I've seen signs on Liberty Avenue downtown that they're opening a store soon there as well.  Can't wait!
4	When I think Dozen's I typically think of less than spectacular cupcakes sold up in Squirrel Hill location.  A couple weeks ago while walking around Lawrenceville waiting for seats at Coca's, my friend and I passed by this Dozen's and were surprised to see that they served brunch!Today we finally made the trip to Dozen Bake Shop to try out their brunch.  I got their quiche of the day, which was made with green beans and came with a side of roasted potatoes.  She got their pumpkin french toast.  In the spirit of October, we both also got hot apple cider since it's getting chilly outside and it's such a seasonal drink.The quiche was absolutely delicious.  I've never had quiche with green beans before, but it was a pleasant change.  The potatoes were pretty standard.  The french toast was super dense and hearty and rich; the pumpkin flavor was subtle and worked to enhance rather than overpower the entire dish.I really like all the baked goods and pies they have on display too, they look so good..........  We thought of getting a pastry to split if the food wasn't enough but we had trouble finishing our own dishes already =/  Oh well, they'll be good for brunch another Sunday!It's great that they're so close to Coca's and Tamari's (which is now serving brunch as well), b/c if one of the places has an excessively long line (like Coca's usually does), you can always head over somewhere else
4	we tried the carrot cake cupcake and the cosmo cupcake.  The cupcakes are denser than you would expect, more like a muffin.  The frosting was wonderful.  Worth a stop.
2	Not really sure what the hype is about this bakery. the concept is lovely but the cupcakes are dry and the icing is nothing to get excited about. I've sampled the vanilla and chocolate and once tried a raspberry bread. All dry dry dry.... won't go back
2	A fresh, young, hip place to get a dry cupcake or a soggy sandwich. I've ventured here a number of times, offered my $7 for the day's best looking sandwich, and each time have been returned a plate with something less than satisfying. A bag of chips on the side, a cup of water in a cafeteria cup I fill myself, and a table I'll bus when I'm done do not make for the best experience. And if I get it to go, I feel weird walking through the neighborhood grasping the neon blue bag they pack it in. The fellas at Frankie's can only wink or snarl at such a sight. I've had good brunch here. It wasn't cheap and it wasn't elegant, but it was savory and satisfying. I am opposed in principal to the cupcake trend in all its forms, though I will from time to time indulge my own aspirations for small luxury desserts with one. The tastes are good and the flavor pairings are interesting, if not a little trendy. Red bean cupcake, green tea frosting, etc. But, man, the cupcakes are only good if they're fresh. And by fresh I mean like right out of the oven, burn your hands trying to get one before all the moisture evaporates. There are likely better ways to manage the deli case and sandwiches. I don't think the plastic wrap is working. Even school kids understand the principles here: fundraiser hoagies/heros/subs/grinders always come with the soggy bits in a separate wrapper. Havarti that's been sitting on a bun all day, sweating off moisture because of the plastic wrap, makes for a disaster, not a delight. If only they thought to wrap the cupcakes in the plastic wrap, maybe they could solve two problems at once.
1	This is a good option only when the wait at Coca Cafe is unbearable: The brunch is a mixed bag. The food is good, but most of the good options are sold out later in the morning. Some of the staff are very nice and others have serious attitude. Don't expect them to come through on any orders placed in advance. My girlfriend ordered dessert from Dozen for my 30th birthday a week in advance. They completely forgot my order. When she asked if there was anything they could substitute, whoever was on the phone simply hung up on her.
5	their Elvis is simply the best.  I love their mac=n=cheese as well.  I'm going to a farm to table dinner this weekend so I'm excited about that!!!
4	Great award-winning cupcakes and pastries. Very wide variety of flavors.Vegan friendly.Fresh, local produce. Very good wraps and small plate items.Slightly on the pricey-side but you get what you pay for. The coffee and tea prices are very reasonable, though.
3	This review is about the brunch.The food is great; the quiche and strata are my favorites. I haven't been let down yet. The coffee is also good. However, now that the dining is a lot smaller than it used to be seating is pretty frustrating. You either get there when they open or have to wait for a long, long time before you can get a seat.
5	Love, Love, Love Dozen!  They have the BEST cupcakes ever.  Unique flavors make one's mouth do a happy dance.  Must do in my book!
5	BEST CUPCAKE EXPERIENCE EVER!!! Being the hugest fan of cupcakes and never being to Pittsburgh before, my friend took her here to show me the local fare. Their cupcake creations sound very weird and interesting, but trust me my friends, they are the most delicious things you will put into your mouth! (Assuming you go for the indulgent, sweet things). After going here once on my first night, I was so in love with this place, that I made her take me back EVERYDAY - just so I could sample the new cupcake flavors of the day! I learned that the weirder the name and/or combination sounds, the more tasty it really is! The margarita cupcake with a salted icing was probably one of my favorites! The cosmopolitan one was crazy good too! All of the cupcakes are baked that morning in house and are so moist and soft that they just melt in your mouth! (My mouth is watering as I type this!). All of their other food I tried was also delicious. We stopped on my way to the airport to have a freshly baked, still warm cinnamon roll which was one of the best I have had!!! I will be back!
2	I really want to like Dozen. The proprietors are nice people, they have convenient locations, and their shops have an inviting, albeit busy feel to them. I simply do not like their cupcakes. I find them overly frosted and the cake dry. This is applicable, unfortunately, to their other baked goods as well. Two great things about Dozen. First, their brunch is fantastic. I love the quiches! Second. If you ask, they will make you special treats for your dog (I have bought pup-cakes on more than one occasion!) These redeeming qualities do not make up for the sub-par baked goods. Also, some of their better brunch items are sold out after a very short time. I might go back... but only for the brunch.
1	I've only ever had their cupcakes and they have never been good.problems:The butter cream is too sweet, obscuring any butter flavor. Consistency is grainy, not creamy, with an unpleasantly dried-out crust along the periphery.The cake is dry and obviously over-mixed. Open up your copy of "Joy of Cooking" to the quickbreads section and study the illustration of an overmixed cupcake. Cut in half, it exhibits elongated bubbles that look like the inside of an ant farm with a dry, tough and generally unpleasant crumb. This perfectly describes the sad, sad Dozen cupcakes I have tried.Dozen, you need to brush up on your baking fundamentals. Irma S. Rombauer is rolling in her grave over your deficient little cakes.
1	Disappointed... My red velvet cupcake was hard and cold in the center, obviously not fresh, straight from a refrigerator.
2	I'm prefacing this with the following items:1) This review is only about the cupcakes2) This review is only about the store on Craig St.I don't get it.  People just ooh and ahh about these cupcakes.  Twice I've gone to their store around 2-3pm for a cupcake.  By then, they're "sold out" of most of the options.  You're open till the evening and sell out at 2pm?  Really?I've had four cupcakes from here....four separate occasions...four different flavors.  For the price, you'd think it would at least be moist.  Plan on having a glass of milk with these bad boys because it's a mouth-drying experience.  I give up.  Go next door to starbucks and get a muffin.  It will be cheaper, more moist, and you'll enjoy it more.  I promise.
5	When the workers know who you are, you know you come here a lot! That probably speaks for itself that I pretty much love this place! I work very close to the Lawrenceville location, which is a great place to grab lunch because they have small dining room. Their tomato soup is out of this world! I can't get enough! Also, their chicken salad sandwich and homemade mac and cheese (that they heat up for you, no less!) is incredible! But this doesn't even count the amazingness that is their desserts! My first love is for the cupcakes, which change seasonally. I'm a big fan of the current Almond Bliss cupcake. I also love love love their cinnamon rolls. That are seriously life changing!  The cream cheese over top, the glaze, the actual bun...they're huge and I eat the whole thing, without any regret! Another really great thing to remember is that they serve brunch on Sundays until 3 PM. I believe they changed their schedule to only serve brunch from March until sometime in the fall. I've had the pumpkin stuffed waffles and gingerbread french toast which makes me miss the brunches right now! Hit up the downtown locations if you're in the Cultural District or the Oakland store if you go to Pitt.
3	We come here for the cinnamon roll, the daily quiche, strong coffee (during the week) and the Sunday brunch (Spring thru Fall). The outdoor seating makes it easy to bring our dogs along. The Sunday brunch specials rotate and like their pastries, feature locally grown/obtained foods. This brunch clearly beats out Coca Cafe in our minds. They open an hour earlier, and generally, you could be seated, eating, drinking, and done chatting in the time you'd still be in the Coca line.
2	I was new to the city when I discovered Dozen. It was a little pocket of Happiness, tiny and tucked between two stores on Murray Avenue. It sold cupcakes. And only cupcakes. Delicious cupcakes. The employees were sweet and kind and they knew their product. Then a Dozen popped up in the Andy Warhol Museum. Then downtown. Then in Lawrenceville. Then in the South Side. Then in Oakland. Market saturation. And sometimes with market saturation comes Lack of Quality Control. And Shitty Employees.Lawrenceville's location, the Dozen Bake Shop, combined both the cupcakes and bakery/brunch items. It was good. Initially. But things started to nosedive. Whatever business plan was in place years ago has failed slowly and remarkably. It all comes back to those two market saturation points: Lack of Quality Control and Shitty Employees.Lack of Quality Control: Dozen really was the premier cupcake joint in Pittsburgh for many years. In 2007, they boasted clever flavors (Pancakes & Bacon! The Elvis!) and not-too-shabby vegan options (The Mostess!). But something's happened along the way. I had a Cosmopolitan on Saturday night. Years ago, this variety was my favorite Dozen option. Saturday's was disgusting. The cake was bone dry. The lime pulp was nonexistent. The frosting to cupcake ratio was disgustingly high: too much buttercream can ruin a good thing. This is not the first time I've been disappointed in the cupcakes (a few weeks ago, a plain vanilla cupcake was a similar gritty letdown). What happened? Did the owner begin focusing on breakfast treats and move away from his staple? The few bakery and brunch items are standard and average at best. Only the French toast has really rocked my world... but recently the output has been pretty tame and not very interesting/delicious. Did cupcakes become too "mainstream"? Because if they did, then that would explain...Shitty Employees: Hipsters wouldn't be insufferable if they weren't so damned rude. They shouldn't be working in jobs that force them to interact with the public. Especially when they represent a company like Dozen. Because people begin to associate your company with the people who represent it. And when employees act like they're above the patrons who come to their place of business, there's a problem. When they roll their eyes and huff because you're Taking Too Long To Decide, there's a problem. When they shrug or half-heartedly answer questions because the Don't Want To Seem Uncool In Front Of Their Ironically Sloganed T-Shirt Wearing Buddies, there's a problem. Guess what, dipshits? I want to eat my breakfast, and I don't want to jockey for your attention. There is a photo of me on Facebook from a couple years ago. I am on my buddy's shoulders and I am pointing happily at the Dozen Bake Shop sign. I am tagged as myself. Dozen is tagged as 'Happytimes MagicLand'. Sadly, those days are over. And I am certainly over Dozen.
3	Dozen Bake Shop is a little ways down the road from me but the storefront and their eye for aesthetics had me interested immediately.I took a spin down there for their Saturday brunch and ordered the breakfast empanadas and the temp-eh hash as well as two cupcakes (I know, what a healthy breakfast). I ordered an iced mocha and an ice caramel mocha to go as well.The empanadas were awesome. I opted to get them with chorizo and it gave it a meatiness and a little saltiness that went well with the egg, black beans, and other ingredients inside. The outside pastry was flaky and crumbly which I found pleasing. The little cup of salsa and sour cream complimented the empanadas nicely.My girlfriend had the temp-eh hash which she only thought was alright. I didn't know what temp-eh was and she didn't like the taste of it; it was more of a preferential thing than an actual dislike for the dish. She liked the sweet potatoes and the potatoes but shied away from the peppers which she is not a fan of. All in all she ended up disliking the dish for the most part which is probably my fault; it didn't really suit her. We both agree it was cooked nicely, it was just not something she would enjoy.The cupcakes were moist and delicious and the frosting light and fluffy. We got the "milk chocolate" variety which was one of three flavors which changes daily. This method keeps everything fresh day-to-day and I think is a great idea.I'll definitely be going back to the Dozen bake shop. My girlfriend wants to try the quiche which, if I wasn't so thick, I would have ordered for her in the first place!Check this place out if you like a hip atmosphere, unique food choices and some pretty solid coffee-making that put Starbucks to shame. It'd also be a great place to order cupcakes for a birthday occasion.
3	I'm really conflicted about Dozen.  I'm a big fan of their Sunday brunch - the strata, hash, and baked french toast are all staples.  That said, after they remodeled this location, seating is much tougher to come by.  The cinnamon rolls are fantastic, but some of the other sides are a little hit or miss.  The coffee is decent, but nothing to really write home about either.Their cupcakes, what originally made the "Dozen" brand famous in Pittsburgh, are still consistently good, though I think the gourmet cupcake fad has long-since faded.
2	I remember when Dozens was new in Pittsburgh and i was a regular at the squirrel hill location. I remember loving their cupcakes (vegan and non vegan) But something happened along the way, coupled with all their different locations closing Im just not a fan anymore. I have given dozens so many chances since then, tried different locations but they just dont make a good cupcake anymore. This review is referring to my last experience. The one that broke the camels back.  I recently went to the Butler location and ordered 2 cupcakes, Vanilla and Chocolate (simple). The customer sevice was great. the girl was friendly and nice. (2 star worthy) The cupcake however was meh. The cake was really dry. I mean it was later in the day (5pm) when i got them but still a delicious well made cupcake should remain moist for at least a day. The icing was also crusty too sweet and not creamy. The cupcakes did not taste fresh. I hear they do lunch/brunch items now. I spotted someone having some mac and cheese, so maybe their focus has moved from their baked goods to lunch items..who knows? There are places in pittsburgh that make better cupcakes so why bother?  I won't be going back to Dozens. We're done! Kaput!
1	I have only tried their cupcakes and they were pretty terrible.  We bought them for a friend's birthday and nobody enjoyed them, not even him.  I am not sure what they put in the frosting, but it tastes like a very bad combination of butter and lemon.  I love sweets and I could only stand to take one bite; very disappointing. I would advise against going for their cupcakes.  I heard that their cake was not so good either.  I would say it was worth a try if you get something other than cupcakes...but only if you are willing to put out alot of cash.  They're pretty expensive.All in all, I give them 1 star.
2	I've tried to ignore this place, but I feel I can't stand by and not say anything. I've given them multiple tries and they successfully fail me in a new way every time. They're always so nice, everything is bright and shiny, and I don't understand how they're so bad at getting everything right. We will point out item in the case, they'll repeat it, and then charge for what we ordered; only to get home to find a bag full of the wrong items - twice now. We'll go in and order their more "meal-centric" items only to find them undercooked or soggy from sitting fully prepared in the fridge for too long. They're more than happy to replace whatever it is, when I say something, but I've been a half-dozen times and can't remember being impressed by anything or satisfied by everything.
3	Your nostrils perk up, and your mind and stomach begin to negotiate on whether there is room for more after just eating some breakfast once you walk into the establishment that is Dozen Bake Shop.While their non-cupcake baked goods look scrumptious, we picked up a dozen random assortment of their cupcakes for dinner at a friend's house later that day.I'm not sure what I am suppose to expect when someone tells me that a cupcake is great and even after watching so many Cupcake War episodes on Food Network though I know I like mine to be light. I had two cupcakes - the vanilla and cranberry. Both had nice flavors but ultimately felt that they were a bit doughy and heavy. However I am not a big frosting person and did like those flavors. They were nicely decorated. If I were to return to Dozen I would try something else. And so my quest continues to find the mystery behind this cupcake hype...
4	I purchased the groupon for brunch this week, so my bf and I headed down to check it out.  The service was a little bit disorganized, however the staff did their best. Our coffee was good and strong, and never an empty cup.  The space was a bit cramped, but they work well with what they have.I had the Dozen Rancheros (Huevos Rancheros)...Yum!  The homemade salsa was delicious, and I very much enjoyed their chili.  My bf had the vegetarian hash and added an egg.  He liked it very  much.  He especially like the combination of regular potatoes and sweet potatoes/We also splurged and split a cupcake...delicious!We will definitely be back for brunch at Dozen...bringing friends.
5	Dozen is now under new ownership!  After closing last year, they've reopened under, I believe, a passionate former employee's ownership.My boyfriend and I ventured to their Lawrenceville location this Sunday, which also serves brunch (we usually stop by their Oakland location).  Their food is of good quality, creative, and in generous portions.  We almost didn't have room for a cupcake (Root Beer Float, one of the rotating specialty cupcakes).  The table service was attentive, but not overbearing, and the employees were friendly and helpful.We will definitely be returning for brunch again on Sunday mornings.  For us, Dozen is a Pittsburgh institution!
4	Like many others, I just recently purchased a Groupon to have brunch one Sunday morning... WOW, it was amazing. From the quality of the food, coffee we drank and the portions of the meals it was all FANTASTIC.The only thing that was a bit of an issue was the services... as they do NOT truly work and was a bit disorganized. We had the Chicken and Veggie Strata with Asiago Cream Sauce and breakfast hash which were both awesome. We would definitely go back and recommend to anyone who likes a nice relaxing brunch without a doubt.I would recommend to go earlier, rather than later, as we noticed it gets really tight on space.
1	What happened to the cinnamon rolls?!?! This afternoon, I had one for the first time since Dozen came under new ownership and it was a mere shadow of their amazing original. The dough was heavy, dry and nearly flavorless (it tasted much like the inside of an unsalted soft pretzel).  The outside of the roll was extremely pale and almost chalky colored, like it had been dusted with flour.  Most disappointing was that instead of the classic pinwheel of gooey, spicy cinnamon throughout, there was only an odd little pattern, which was very mildly flavored and dry.    The only thing that remained the same was the icing (tangy and plentiful) and the size (huge).  I used to be tempted to eat myself sick on these, but this time I barely made it through half (I kept waiting for it to get better).  Bottom line: this is NOT the Best Cinnamon Roll of Dozen's heyday, and that's a real bummer. It's not even worth it to get into our mediocre brunch entrees.  I'll just get more depressed. Dozen as we knew it is pretty much gone and that's that.  I haz a sad :(
2	Good but not great, and overpriced. I don't understand what all the hype is about.
3	Average.  Thats how i feel about everything I've had here.I go in for lunch a lot since I work super close and since I realized they have vegan options i figured I'd give them a shot.The vegan wrap/sandwich is their main lunch option and its never blown me away.Its filled with a slight schmear of hummus and a topping of bagged precut lettuce/carrot mix and sometimes has some fresh red pepper slices.  the bread is always dry and mealey and crumbles and breaks apart when i eat it.  the ingredients dont blow me away.  due to quality, and the choice of what they put on.  today my sandwich had one pidly wilted piece of lettuce and a sprinkle of carrots and peppers.How about make the sandwich to order?  offer more toppings - sprouts, cucumber, etc.I have also had the chili.  tasted like canned chilis in adobo.  very smoky and liquidy.  not a lot of beans or veg.  lots of sauce.  seasoned awkwardly.  hard to mess up chili but i feel like theirs could be waaay better.  was just unbalanced in a couple ways.and you make a nice looking cous cous, that could so so so easily be vegan, but you add mayo to it?  really?  One other thing....  I ordered a wrap one day.  and i ordered a small side of salad.  they didn't tell me that they were the same.  so I get back to the office and realize that i paid 4 bucks for a bit of salad that was the exact same as the filling in my wrap minus a large chunk of avocado.  weird.  i was hoping they would each be different.I  know this isn't a lunch spot per say.  more of a bakery, but if you're going to offer lunch items you might as well do it like you mean it!Lastly, I think the prices are a bit high.  6 for a wrap, 4 for small soup/chili/salad.  I don't mind paying more for a local company, but for what i get in return for the price it doesn't seem worth it.  my girlfriend makes better cupcakes so i wouldn't buy them there anyway, so i don't have anything to say about those.***UPDATE***  if you live or work on butler st make sure to ask for the butler st discount - 10%
1	I used to visit Dozen almost weekly before they closed. The vegan red velvet cupcake was heavenly. While the shop has been open for a while, I didn't venture back until today. Unfortunately, staying away wasn't a bad thing.I ordered two cupcakes: the vegan red velvet and the butter pecan. The butter pecan cupcake was dry, and the frosting was overly sweet and sticky. The vegan red velvet was just a pale comparison to its cousin. While the cupcake was moist, the frosting was horrendous, and it didn't need to be. Vegan desserts can be done deliciously. In the end, I tossed 2 hardly eaten cupcakes in the trash. I won't be back. Ew.
4	I stopped in here with a friend  visiting from out of town. Now I'm not really a big fan of sweets, but she is and she insisted that we go in and try something. Inside is real cozy with a couple tables near the window and the kitchen right behind the counter so you can see the bakers at work and smell all the sweets as the bake in the ovens. I should have figured, but they also serve coffee and tea and a couple people were kicking back with the newspaper just sipping their brews. We tried some of the non-cupcake baked goods and all were really good. Not to sweet and balanced well. The prices are pretty reasonable too. I'll definitely be back if I am in the mood for baked goods.
4	Thank you Dena for inviting me back to try your made to order lunches!  i anxiously awaited until checking your website and seeing you started doing food to order...  down the block i went.I was pleasantly surprised by how busy they were today.  and not surprisingly everyone i saw was ordering sandwiches!  good for us, and good for them.so i got the same thing i always get...  the vegan wrap. and they had a nifty little checklist for all the ingredients you want.  instantly checked hummus and every veg they had.i was happy with the wrap!  the wrap wasnt soggy, the ingredients were all crunchy and fresh.  the tomato was punchy with tomato flavor, always good compared to flavorless fast food ones.  and my wishlist item for the menu would be sprouts!  theyre great on wraps and sandwiches!its awesome you offer vegan options, now just work on taking the sour cream out of your cous cous salad!  its not necessary.  use veganaise, or a vegan option if you want it to still bind and be creamy.  normal people probably wouldn't tell the difference, and i could eat it.  ideas to look at:  cold lentil salad, cold black bean and cous cous salad, a nice vinegary slaw, potato salad....  wait is that the southerner in me coming out?  haha, plenty of side options for everyone to enjoy!Anyways, I'm happy they made the change, and from the look of it, and hearing they have been busier since starting it, its a good sign.  give them a shot for lunch. Again, thank you for getting in touch with me and getting me to come back.  it worked, keep up the good work.
4	Ducked in here to try sweet confections after first getting my hair done down the street at Pageboy Salon (do check them out) and dining at Tamari (ditto, check them out).  It seemed only right to finish off a nice evening of discoveries (I'm rather new in town so am busy "discovering") with dessert.I was greeted by sweet, upbeat Camille (appropo in a sweets shoppe) who helped me with all the cupcake offerings.  I opted for the cheesecake cupcake and a cheese danish, which in no way resembles a tradiional cheese danish.  I actually did manage to wait until morning to eat the danish which was good but I do have to say I wanted cheese with each and every bite and, to that end, it was lacking.  It was quite good, nevertheless. I was going to wait to eat the cupcake later.  Yeah, that didn't happen.  I popped it into the microwave to warm it up from being in the fridge and "Wallah!"... Just what the doctor ordered.  They do prescribe cupcakes, no?  It was so moist and yummy.  I want more!  If I had ordered 3, then 3 would have been eaten on the spot!I didn't think the price of a little over $5 was unseemingly for the rewards of both the danish and cupcake.A nice find in Lawrenceville and I'll be back.
4	Love their brunch menu and awesome baked goods! The icing on their cupcakes are to die for!! Very cute little cafe on Butler street.
1	the fact that they reopened after an abrupt closure had me excited to go back. i was ready to enjoy one of my favorite cupcake places once again. unfortunately, the combination of dry, possibly day-old cupcakes and an overtly rude staff/management team will ensure that i will never return again. ever.
1	I had been wanting to try a Dozen cupcake for quite a while. So this year, when my husband moved back to his co's Strip District location, I twisted his arm into getting us a 1/2 dozen to celebrate my birthday. What a disappointment. There wasn't one thing we liked about them - and we just got the regular vanilla and chocolate. They were dry, dry, dry. I don't eat icing, typically, but had to try it just to try and enjoy these. That wasn't very good either. Thankfully my mom forgot about the cupcakes and also brought a cake to celebrate. We didn't finish any of the cupcakes we tried, tossed the rest out and enjoyed the local grocery store bakery's cake instead.
4	It's been a really long time since I've actually eaten here. I've stopped in for a meeting here and there and just ordered tea and been on my way. But there have been many many changes in the last couple years, with the new owner.I'm glad they've still kept the charm of Dozen in tact with some welcome new additions. They have a lunch special where you can order a half sandwich, side and soup. Since I was starving I opted for the full wrap and soup with only a $1 upcharge.The sandwiches are made to order with lots of different choices. I like that they offer a choice of wheat or ciabatta bread and also a spinach wrap. I was thinking maybe my wrap would be just okay, with only simple turkey plus veggies like sprouts, roasted red peppers, tomato and hummus. But it was really tasty. I don't know if it was the red peppers or hummus, but it was a winner. The one thing I have ALWAYS loved from Dozen is their Tomato Basil Soup. It has been my standby soup I crave for years. If they would have gotten rid of that, I wouldn't know what to do. On to the cupcakes next trip...
4	I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet. It's my favorite bake shop in Pittsburgh, and the vegan cupcakes are all I go for most of the time. It's a real treat to venture out here and get a delicious red velvet cupcake or a mostess! The atmosphere in Dozen is quiet and cozy. I love how it's decorated. I could easily curl up in a corner and sip a chai latte without distractions. In the winter, it's seriously one of the warmest little cafes. Which is a good thing! I hate being cold. The employees here are always super-sweet and accommodating. I've never had a negative experience with an employee here, and that is huge! I haven't tried any of the food options, but I look forward to doing so in the future if there are vegan options available. Dozen is a great place I've heard much about from friends who don't even LIVE in Pittsburgh! Yep, it's that good. Plus, outside of California, vegan cupcakes are kind of a hidden gem. You have to work had to find places that will have them. The only thing keeping me from giving Dozen a 5 star rating is that they are slightly dry. I've had moist vegan cupcakes, so I know it's not an inability-to-achieve- moistness sort of thing.  Step it up just a little, Dozen, and you will have vegan beating down your door for more cupcakes!
3	Alright, this place was recommended to me by someone "in the know" as having creative flavors/decorations.  My wife loves to make/try 'different' cupcakes, so this seemed right up her alley for Mother's Day.I ordered in advance so that I could access all the flavors instead of just their daily menu, which was cool, because before I called I really just thought it would be whatever was featured on the day I picked up.Unfortunately that IS what happened because they misfiled my order.BUT...they made it right, offering a dozen cupcakes gratis in my two dozen cupcake order.  I think that was super cool of them.We weren't able to try the full compliment of their offerings, but at least I didn't go empty handed to the Mother's Day dinner.The cakes were really well-made, very moist...but I found the frosting to be very sweet.  My mother and I sampled the strawberry basil lime...and while my mother argued that she liked it, and that she thought the extremely sweet frosting helped to cut the extremely tart lime filling...she said it in that sort of slide whistle tone reserved for lying to loved ones whose feelings you're trying desperately not to hurt."Did you like it mom?""I liked it." (high note, low note, high note)."LIAR!!!"Anyway, the cupcakes got mixed reviews.  I wasn't blown away by the black and white or the strawberry basil.  My wife didn't rave about the salted caramel (but she seemed to legitimately enjoy it), my niece gave the so-so hand gesture to the tiramisu cupcake, and although my nephew liked the Elvis, it had too much chocolate filling for him and my father both.I really wanted this to be a happy ending, but I'm thinking I'll try another place next time.
1	I've given this place 3 chances now and I'm done.  I've treated the counter people with nothing but courtesy, ordering 6 cupcakes and leaving a dollar in the tip jar each time.  That's $48 I'll never see again, but I'm glad I gave it a good try.Each time the cupcakes have been decent, but I don't understand why people go berserk for them.  I could easily find recipes online and make similar cupcakes at home (which is what I'll be doing from now on, or making sure I patronize other bakeries).The people who work the counter at Dozen need to take a customer service workshop like, NOW.  Or get paid more to raise their morale or something.  Each time I've been in there they've acted like I was bothering them (and I wasn't coming in at 5 minutes to closing or anything like that and on every occasion I was in there there wasn't more than one other customer in the shop).Seriously, unless you're too lazy to make your own cupcakes or you get off on being treated poorly, don't bother going into this place.  Truth be told, I was glad to hear one of their locations (Oakland) closed.  I know other bakeries in the area that actually care about their customers that deserve the business Dozen would've gotten.Update:  9.23.13.  Through the magic of Facebook, I discovered that Dozen is, in fact, closing.  When I saw that, I couldn't help but say: "Good."  I'm sorry, Dozen, I'm sure it's difficult to be a small business owner in this economy, but maybe if you would've focused a bit on teaching your employees decent basic customer service, you could've survived.  Best of luck in whatever you do next.
4	Traveling through Pittsburgh I looked this place up and I'm so glad we stopped here. They didnt have the pittsburgh penguins cupcake but the other ones were delicious. The Elvis was a favorite.
5	I love cupcakes big and small, I love cupcakes I love them all!!! I am a huge fan of the recent surge of cupcake connoisseurship and inventive new flavors. The thriving baking business has given me a run for my gym membership. Am I a connoisseur of the cupcake? I have to say experience is knowledge. I love watching cupcake wars and seeing how these treats can be put together in so many mouth watering ways! Dozen has allowed me to experience what I imagine these master bakers and judges invent for the competitions! I would love to see how Dozen would do!  I have tried flavor after flavor and have yet to be disappointed except when they don't have the ones I am craving. I even buy them for my dad when I go home for a visit because he loves them so much and he is a picky customer.For a recent girls night I had several different kinds for sampling. Blackberry lemon, strawberry basil mojito, The Elvis, tiramisu, The vegan Mostess. All of these are filled cupcakes which I tend to stick to because of the abundance of flavors. I want more! They are always so delicious. I can't even pick one favorite. Well maybe the maple bacon but since these are all so different it will just depend what mood you are in. When I have a wedding party I will order all the flavors I can instead of a cake and let my guests oooh and mmm the night away! Just remember cupcakes are super sweets so be ready for the sugar!
3	With the change in ownership, lots has changed.  Much of the original Dozen charm has stayed the same, but my absolute favorite thing in the world, the magically silky quiche is just not up to snuff.It's still good, just not blow my mind good. And when you are used to having your mind blown, it's sad when that goes away.I think the business is successful and does a lot of great things, but it's just not quite the place for me anymore.
1	Yes, one star,  the counter person wasn't very friendly, it might have been me, maybe he wasn't in the mood for small talk, or maybe it was him. His short answers without explanations for my questions weren't helpful. I was really in the mood for a vegan cupcake, I had no idea which were vegan, and he didn't seem to want to help. So, instead I just got coffee and zucchini bread and ate it and left quickly. If it's such an effort for the employee to help a newcomer to this business, then I don't see this business sticking around, so I'm not returning.It's service like this that makes me never want to give the establishment my business ever again. The zucchini bread was pretty unremarkable, and the coffee tasted stale.
1	I have given Dozen a myriad of chances since they first opened in Squirrel Hill. I remember thinking, "Yes! Pittsburgh is finally getting some gourmet cupcake action up in this piece," and the flavors really backed that----on paper, that is. But in the mouth, not even close. The first time, each cupcake I tried was hard, dry, dense with little flavor. The frosting was OK. I gave them four more chances over the years, and also once at a friend's wedding, who opted for cupcakes in lieu of the standard wedding cake, and she still talks to this day about how terrible of an idea that was. When they started popping up in new locations, I just couldn't believe it. Does Pittsburgh really have such low standards for these mini-cakes? It wasn't until I tried Vanilla Pastry Studio that I felt like maybe our town really does stand a chance to hold their ground in this country's cupcake battle. To this day, when I hear people gush over Dozen, I want to go buy a dozen just to chuck at them. I can't comment on their savory fare, but it seems like people are really going nuts over their brunch. Maybe I'll give them one more chance for that, but I'm avoiding the crapcakes.
4	key lime is the way to go here!
