5	This is easily the best deli I've been to in Pittsburgh and ranks in the top 5 delis of all time for me. Everything on the menu is creative, from salmon clubs to ham, brie and cranberry relish sandwiches...they've got something for you no matter what your tastes are. The salads are monstrous, the soup changes daily and is made from scratch, and the beverage choices are good. The only thing missing is booze, but that's not the point of this place. If their extensive regular menu isn't enough, there are rotating specials every day. They have THE best grilled cheese and tomato bisque ever, but you have to catch it on the right day - it's always a special and it's always random. It's a good idea to call first if that's what you're looking for.Sandwiches are served with fresh made potato chips and a giant pickle spear - just like they should be in any good deli. In addition to everything tasting amazing, the presentation is gorgeous for a deli. Their food looks like something you'd see in a magazine photo shoot.If you find yourself in, or near the strip during the daytime hours, do yourself a favor and stop in. You won't regret it.
4	This is an amazing deli/cafe.  Nothing is not delicious here.  I have eaten my way through the entire regular sandwich menu, and I love every one of them.  Plus they have Boylan's Cane Cola, which is the best soda ever.If there weren't so many good places to get lunch in the Strip, I would eat lunch here every week.  The only reason this place gets 4 stars instead of 5 is that, because it is awesome, it can be insanely crowded, and you have to kind of fight a little bit with your elbows sometimes in order to find a place to sit down.
5	love it.  try the tom/mozz sandwich which comes on a baguette to die for with a pesto spread.  the pickle and chips made it complete.  it was quick, easy, and a great sandwich.
4	Amazing french toast.My husband got something on a croissant that I can't remember, but I had a bite and it was delicious as well.My only complaint was that I couldn't get a latte with my amazing french toast.
5	I wish I had found this place sooner so I could go more often before I moved away. Pamela's doesn't live up to it's hype. Cafe Raymond is a way better alternative.My wife and I tried the BLT croissant our first time here which is one of the most amazing sandwiches I've ever had. I don't even like mayonaise, but somehow it works great here. That's since the only thing I've eaten there. For the size it's a little pricey, but we're able to split it for breakfast, usually followed up by a snack at Peace, Love and Little Donuts.
4	Cafe Raymond is a great place for breakfast and lunch, but did you know they did dinners? Twice now my girlfriend's office has hired Raymond to do a tasting menu/holiday party and both times I really enjoyed it. The food was fresh and tasty.Their sandwiches are incredible and I love the big, wooden plates they serve them on. They offer a bunch of gourmet sodas, too. They have a bunch of tasty pastries behind their glass, too.It gets a bit busy on the weekend and it's often hard to find a seat. Also, last time I was here a woman was snapping a photo of the interior and the chef snapped at her, asking why she was taking photos. It came off as incredibly abrasive and rude, and more than a little awkward. I'm not sure if he was having an off day or what, but you should really encourage interest in your establishment, she obviously was not there to steal any secrets!Tasty, but a little packed. These days I spend my lunches at either Chicken Latino or Cafe on the Strip but that doesn't mean Cafe Raymond isn't a good choice. Just chill out a bit, Raymond, a photograph or two will probably actually HELP your business.
3	We stumbled upon Cafe Raymond while exploring the Strip on a busy Saturday afternoon.  It appeared to be the only place where you could sit and eat without either a) going to one of the touristy joints along Penn Ave or b) grabbing food from a market stand.  Not to knock the market wares...I was tempted but we needed to rest our feet.It's a small, simple cafe with excellent sandwiches and salads.  High quality ingredients and decent prices. All in all, a nice little neighborhood option.
5	I love this place.  Probably my favorite place to eat lunch in all of Pittsburgh.  Yesterday I was there for lunch, which has become a common occurrence, and I told Raymond "not to change anything".  With a facial expression that said "Who the hell are you?", he responded "I wouldn't."  You gotta love when people do things not to please others, but to please themselves; and when doing so actually pleases us at the same time.  Consider calling in your order to-go because seating is usually on short supply.   Monday they are closed.
4	One of my brothers is named Raymond so wanted to check this place out. Cheesy but of course wanted to make sure that this cafe did the name proud! Nice place in the Strip to grab a bite to eat for lunch and breakfast. Reasonably priced with sandwiches and some breakfast items. Grabbed brunch here on a Sunday around noon (closes at 1:30) and it wasn't packed which was great. Ordered the french toast and lox ciabatta sandwich plus two coffees (came to about $21-$22). Everything tasted fresh and the service was friendly and prompt. Would return here though they only offer bottled water in case you're thirsty. Outdoor and indoor seating though space is small yet cozy for inside.
4	What a great find! The food was wonderful, the girl at the counter was very helpful and it was a perfect day for an outdoor sidewalk brunch experience. I was in town to see a Steelers preseason game with a friend and planned a quick brunch visit with my brother and his wife the next morning. They decided we would go to Pamela's but a Sunday brunch line at Pamela's included about 25 people waiting outside to get in. So we backtracked from where we parked and popped into Cafe Raymond. No wait! The breakfast menu had basics like omelets and breakfast sandwiches but I was torn between the two specials: huevos rancheros and ricotta blueberry pancakes. So, naturally, I got both! I split the pancakes with my brother. Our food came out to us rather quickly, about a 10 minute wait, if that. Can't say yum enough! The huevos rancheros: three tortillas layered with three over-easy eggs, topped with salsa, black beans and cheese. NOMS. The herb roasted potatoes served on the side were extremely flavorful. The ricotta pancake was light and fluffy and had the perfect amount of blueberries, topped with whipped cream and powdered sugar! Oh man, I wish I could eat this breakfast every day. It was a lovely summer morning to sit outside but for the moment I was inside ordering my meal, I noticed it was quaint and simple. But aside from the great food, the most notable part of my experience was wooden plate my food came on. I have never seen anything quite like that before and really felt it tied the food and the environment all in together. A very memorable experience.
3	Now, before you judge me for only giving this place three stars, you must understand that Pittsburgh's Strip District is known for the fresh and amazing foods. So, in an area where you can get a quarter of a delicious pizza for a few bucks, delicious teriyaki chicken skewers along the street, oysters by the shell, etc., etc. (this is my obligatory foodie Strip District circle jerk), my standards for this area are the very highest.Cafe Raymond is not a letdown. It's just, as Yelp invites me to review, "A-OK." I had the salmon omelet special (smoked salmon and cream cheese in an omelet covered with scallions). The eggs were fresh and the lox were flavorful, and I couldn't have a better appetizer with some biscotti (Pistachio is my favorite) and coffee. The coffee was a little burnt, but these things happen.My recommendation: check out some of the perfect places that this area has to offer, and if you keep coming back, stop in. It's a little too expensive for me, but I'll probably go back because they're nice people and have pistachio biscotti. A-OK.
5	Sandwiches are a hard sell for me.  They've really got to impress me.  Even, let's say, razzle dazzle me.  Anyone can slap together two slices of bread, some cheese and meat.  But can it always taste good?  I'm afraid not.  I'd passed Cafe Raymond a million times and never gone in.  It's just a small unassuming deli in the midst of the bustling Strip District.  But recently I kept saying to myself: "self, you must go in there next time."  That next time turned into today... And I was not sorry!I'm a big fan of tomato and mozzarella salads, but I'm always hasty to order it when tomatoes aren't in season.  So I had to ask today, and the server assured me they were nice and fresh.  So I was super excited to order the caprese type salad.  All I said at the counter was "tomato and mozz" and I instead received a sandwich.  I'm not one to complain (too much at least), so I scooped it up and plopped down to mangia.Good thing I screwed my order up because that ciabatta bread was life changing.  As soon as I bit in I knew it was freshly made.  I was confirmed by the nice worker, who said the owner Raymond freshly bakes all the breads except for the rye.  I'd eat those freshly baked loaves of bread to oompa loompa status if I worked there!  Thankfully the tomatoes were fresh as promised, with the same fresh mozzarella and a delish grain mustard.  I can only imagine how scrumptious the other sammie choices are.  I can say confidently I will never be able to walk past Cafe Raymond again without devouring something inside... Maybe the whole bread tray...
5	Cafe Raymond KILLS IT.I honestly don't think I've ever had a better Pastrami Sandwich in my life. It consisted of delicious hot pastrami, lettuce, tomato, onion, and a mustard grain that I will fantasize about later on in my dreams. Not to mention Cafe Raymond has awesome bread to add to all of their sandwiches.If all of their sandwiches are as good as the pastrami sandwich I inhaled, I will come back time and time again, no doubt.
4	we were hungry so hungry walking around strip district, wanting to avoid greasy pittsburgh food.  walked past cafe raymond, and saw the people inside, turned around and walked in.  good sandwiches, accompanying chips a little too salty.  maybe a better chip and a nice pickle and it would have 5 stars from me!
4	What I thought was just a little cafe, turns out to be awesome.   The Raymond burger is nothing short of amazing.      It is a little cramped inside but it is worth it.   Cafe Raymond is definitely saved to my favorites!
3	Pretty good. We thought to go check out a place up the block, because it had great yelp reviews. Apparently, so did 500 other people, but they thought quicker. The line was down the block and around the corner, so we walked around and saw an empty table here. Glad we did.I had a salad and juice, boy friend had the special - huevos rancheros with chili verde. I was happy, he liked his but said it wasn't worth what I paid for it. Saw a ton of people with french toast that looked unbelievably good, and the breakfast sandwich croissants looked great too. I won't drive across town for it, but any time I'm in the strip won't mind stopping in for a bite.
5	Delicious--great value for the price point, which is 7.50-8:50 a sandwhich/salad. The salads are huge, and the sandwiches are stacked high. We sat outside in the awesome weather we are having, and decided it is our new go-to lunch spot in the strip. Fast service too, and even in the cafe-setting the staff will bring your food to your table, which takes roughly 5 minutes.Staff is open and friendly, highly recommended! And their roasted tomatoes are AMAZING--juicy and flavorful. Did not disappoint.
5	I love love love this place for breakfast on the weekends. Everything is good! (keep in mind I don't eat meat, so I don't know about all that). Their chocolate croissants are amazing! The chocolate is magical and never hardens, and they are soooo good. I bring everyone here, friends, family, puppies, kittens, pet unicorn, they all love it!
5	We stopped here for breakfast!!The egg omelette I had was huge and delicious! My bf had the bacon egg and cheese on a croissant- also huge! Each came with a side of thick seasoned potatoes! We both left very full and very satisfied! Saw some people eating sandwiches and they looked yummy too!! The menu gad a nice variety and they were very willing to make substitutions to what we ordered. Everyone seems to think DeLucas and Pamela's are the place to go, but I actually found the food here to taste better and the best part is there was no line to wait/get in!! I'd definitely come back here!
5	Every time I go to the Strip District and don't eat at Primanti's I feel like I'm cheating on my spouse, so it's hard for me to branch out.  Yet, I really enjoyed my meal at Cafe Raymond.  I had the roast beef sandwich, and it was amanzing.  Everything was freshly made, and the bread was especially delicious. Perhaps a few too many onions for my taste, but that's just me, and onions are easy to pick off.  I was thrilled with my lunch here and will be back, even though it means cheating on my Strip Dist. spouse.
4	Went to lunch with a friend here recently and the positive previews don't lie.  I ordered the Veggie Muffaleta sandwich which contained warm grilled veggies (portabella, zucchini, red pepers, eggplant) between pillow soft ciabatta bread.  Seriously, I could have slept on the bread it was so fluffy and perfect...I mean the sandwich didn't even really need the veggie stuffing - the bread alone would have been sufficient.  I think it can be tough to get veggie sandwiches right but Cafe Raymond knows what it's doing.  My only issue was the eggplant which was firmer than I would have liked but eggplant is tough to get right, especially in sandwiches.  It's like the Goldilocks of vegetables...too firm or too mushy, it's tough to get it just right!  The generous sized sandwich was served with crispy potato chips and a pickle spear.  My friend and I split a fig and pistachio baklava which was fantastic.  I would highly recommend this place for folks looking to get a solid sandwich and maybe some bedding made out of bread.
5	I simply, totally, completely adore Cafe Raymond.  It's a usual breakfast spot for me and one of my best friends.  Everything there is consistently tasty, fresh and wonderful.  Eating local is the best -- and Raymond is no exception to this (general) rule of mine.Cafe Raymond is not a sit-down-get-served restaurant.  You approach a counter and place your order and shortly thereafter your meal is served to you at a table.  The food is consistently served hot and quickly, and the staff is friendly and helpful.  I usually get one of their "make your own" omelettes.  The omelettes are big and fluffy, and the contents are fresh and delicious.  The coffee is also consistently very good.  All of the omelettes are served with breakfast potatoes - quartered small roasted red potatoes that are seasoned perfectly.  I have literally no complaints about Cafe Raymond.  Another favorite is their smoked salmon/capers/cream cheese breakfast sandwich.  Compared to the crowdedness of Pamela's (which I am so over) and DeLuca's (which is great but maybe a little overpopular), there's usually a seat at Raymond (which I don't understand).  Take advantage of this Strip District gem.
5	How have I never eaten here?  Cafe Raymond is a very strong contender for the best sandwich place in Pittsburgh, possibly the tri-state area, or the country. I may dress as a Cafe Raymond sandwich for Halloween just so I can talk about how great it is.I had the tomato mozzarella sandwich that had probably the best pesto sauce known to man spread on it.  And the bread.  Wow.  The bread was absolutely amazing.  Is it lunchtime again yet?  I'll be here again soon.I'm so surprised that this gem of a place is as small as it is.  Located on Penn Avenue in the Strip District it is an unassuming little cafe, that on a Thursday at lunchtime was busy, but not completely packed.  I can't wait to go back - and I want to try other menu items - but am so in love with the fresh tomato mozzarella sandwich that I may not be able to try another item!
3	I had the blueberry lemon pancakes. The taste was good but I think the pancake was too thick and which the texture in between a little weird. The other disappointment is that they only serve regular coffee, no latte ...I didn't eat the BLT sandwich but I saw a couple of people ordering that and it looked very good.
4	I have worked on the strip for several years now and I made my third visit to Cafe Raymond. This is a cute little stop where you order from a counter and it's delivered to your table. I dragged the wife with me a she enjoyed the stop as well. I went with the Italian Muffaletta, not sure of the spelling. The portions are great, the bread is so fresh and it's made to order. The service and staff are really nice. I also go the combo and that included home made pasta salad and a cookie. I recommend this stop for sure. I have added it to my rotation.
5	What a cool little place! I was in the Strip this morning with some friends and we wanted to stop in somewhere for brunch. After gawking at the wait for Deluca's and Pamela's, we just stumbled upon this place. While small, we had a zero wait time and some table space- so we decided to stop in. And I'm sooooo glad that we did! The staff were incredibly nice and patient for us to order- which is always a really important factor in determining my overall experience- and the menu was simple and everything sounded so tasty. I initially thought that the items were a bit overpriced (10 bucks for pancakes?), but I cannot complain a bit because everything was incredible. All of us just ended up passing around all of our dishes for everyone else to taste. While I only got a pastry, which was one of the best I have ever had, I tried the blueberry pancakes, the omelette, and potatoes- and I was so impressed. The pancakes were so sweet they tasted like blueberry muffins. All of the food was topped off with a very good cup of coffee. Overall, I loved this place and would recommend the brunch to anyone. I'll have to stop by sometime for the sandwiches.
4	Order breakfast up at the Counter to the perkiest. , sweetest girl ever.   She will send you to your table with really good coffee and about 2 seconds later your steaming hot fresh breakfast arrives at your table. Vibe is totally mellow and friendly.Yummy baked goods and fresh sqoozed OJ at counter.potatoes this am a little too salty and a little dry.  But overall - happy bellies.The Strip here is a lot of fun. Old Italian meat markets meet high end chocolate and entry of Steelers t-shirts!
4	Very, very happy employees.  I would say that is my first impression.Second impression is that I had one good-looking pepper and pesto omlette with mozzarela cheese that was cooked to perfection and piping hot.It was Easter Sunday, everything except Deluccas appeared to be closed and I wandered in to Raymond almost by accident.  It was a happy, happy accident.The space is, um, intimate (read:  tight) but it didn't bother me.  I've been here a few times and always find it a great, if casual, place to go for lunch or breakfast.Highly recommend.
5	I really like this place - it's a great alternative to the standard fare that you'd get at Pamela's and DeLuca's.  There is rarely a wait for a table (seat yourself) and the food is high quality and not greasy or too cheesy.  I have always been happy with my breakfast - I like to try the omelet of the day and/or the pancake special.  Today was Southwestern Omelet and it was awesome!!  Give Cafe Raymond a try the next time you are contemplating waiting in line at the other two bfast places close nearby.
4	Look out Delucas and Pamela's. They may be Pgh icons, but the food and ambiance at Cafe Raymond can't be beat!
2	Had the Roast Beef sand.  No big surprise.
4	The French toast is just chewy enough. The fresh blueberries on too of it is a really nice touch. The best thing about brunch is the herb roasted potatoes. Get that with everything. Also if you are really hungry, or just want to eat a lot of food, get the ham and cheese croissant.
4	Cute, little cafe in the heart of the strip district. Very small inside space with only a few tables. Come early if you want a table. Order at the counter and they will bring your meal to the table. From the menu, you can tell that CR values quality ingredients. Much better selections than other nearby brunch spots. I ordered the ricotta, blueberry pancakes. They may have been the fluffiest pancakes, I've ever eaten. Overall, a great place to grab breakfast or brunch when down in the strip.
4	Love this place! This is a great little cafe for breakfast and lunch. It is our go to when we want to do lunch/brunch in the strip. Love the pancakes!! Made from scratch with fresh blueberries and ricotta cheese mixed into the batter. Best in town hands down! I also love their breakfast sandwiches. If your in the mood for lunch their salads are huge and full of a ton of fresh ingredients. The Nicoise is my fav! My boyfriend loves their sandwiches. Staff is always friendly and service is fast. All they need is alcohol and the place is perfect!
4	Excellent food you can write home about.  Everything is savory and delicious.  It's a different experience than a breakfast place like Pamela's, the food is very sophisticated and not too sweet.  I do like that I can go right to the counter and order my food, it seems to come a lot faster that way.  Their pan potatoes are the best in the city.
4	Happened to come across this place by chance.  This good fortune can only be attributed to what my friend calls "clean living".At any rate, this place has seriously good food.  I had the spinach and feta omelet.  Omelet was light and fluffy and feta didn't over power.  Pancakes and french toast looked awesome too.  Menu also includes sandwiches and salads. Maybe next time. This is a no frills oder at the counter style cafe.
4	We stopped in for lunch on a Sunday. No line at 11am which was nice. We had salmon sandwich, egg and cheddar on croissant, apple pancakes and a BLT. All were very good. We would stop in again!
5	I had the ricotta and apple pancakes with a side of roasted rosemary potatoes at Cafe Raymond yesterday. Incredibly delicious!! The pancakes come with a big scoop of whipped cream so no need for butter. I thought the food would never taste as good as it looked. It didn't! It tasted 8 times better than it looked. His vegetarian muffuletta is a delicious sandwich that I also recommend.
1	I wait in line for food around 1:00 on a Saturday. I hear an employee talking about how business has been slow. I look at the chalkboard and see an omelette special in the menu. Past experience and the reviews tell me that thats the thing to get. I order it ... And they are not serving breakfast anymore. On a Saturday. In the Strip. Where the lines for brunch/breakfast are out the door at Marty's Market (rated a top breakfast in PGH), Delucca's and Pamela's. Really? So I guess business has been slow for a reason. They turn away customers here while their competitors have lines out the door.
5	I have to admit, I am a sandwich fanatic. I'm most likely to order the token sandwich/burger at any pub, restaurant, or bistro. Discovering Cafe Raymond was like a pilgrimage to the sandwich holy land. Owner Ray knows exactly what he is doing when he builds those beautiful masterpieces between fresh bread. The menu may seem standard, but the sandwiches are anything but. My favorites include the Club, and BLT. Both sport fantastically thick slices of bacon, and irresistible homemade mayo. Be sure to stop by on Thursdays or Fridays. Every Thursday, Ray makes a limited quantity of specialty hamburgers. The patties are a beef, bacon hybrid, and rival the best local burger joints. Friday specials tend to be grilled cheeses lovingly tucked between pillowy slices of brioche. Just writing this is making my mouth water. Cafe Raymond also serves breakfast on certain mornings. I've never made it down for that, but legend has it the fare is delightful. It can get crazy in there around standard lunch hours--I recommend stopping by a little before noon or after 1 if you want to avoid the crowd. From the outside, it may look like a standard sandwich shop tucked in the Strip, but I highly recommend it.
4	Wow! I cannot believe that I've lived in PIttsburgh for nine years and haven't been here for breakfast.Me and my mother were looking for a spot to eat in the Strip and decided to give Cafe Raymond a try. Boy were we pleasantly surprised. We each ordered and devoured the blueberry lemon ricotta pancakes that were on special that morning. There were chunks (yes chunks) of fresh ricotta in almost every bite. The pancakes were fluffy clouds of deliciousness.There is some outdoor seating, although I suggest sitting inside as the sidewalk gets extremely busy. Also, you order and pay for your food at the counter.-1 star for look/feel of space. This is definitely the reason why I hadn't been here before. Could use a bit of TLC.
3	The wife and I have been meaning to try Cafe Raymond for awhile and we finally got around to it on a crisp Sunday morning in December.Walking into the cafe, we weren't exactly sure if we should seat ourselves or order at the counter, but we quickly figured that out on our own.  By recommendation of the cashier, we ordered both specials...  the Corned Beef Omelette and the Blueberry Ricotta Pancakes.  I ordered a coffee as well.The food came out relatively quickly and was delivered to our table.  My wife's omelette was pretty standard fare, but her home fries were pretty good.  My pancakes were pretty good, but once again, nothing to write home about.  Add in some so-so diner style coffee and Cafe Raymond is a solid breakfast, but not one I'd probably seek out again.
