4	This is one out of a chain all over this city. I wouldn't come here to have sashimi or very traditional rolls, but what this little shop has going for it is the creativity of its combination rolls. In one prepared box, each piece will be comprised of an array of different ingredients, which will keep your palate guessing.The cute dessert sushi gives this place an extra star. Fresh fruit replaces fish and is wrapped in white instead of black seaweed. The chocolate dipping sauce in a soy sauce container is an added bonus.
1	What the hell is sumomaki?  I'd never heard of it but soon learned through a quick Google search that it's a large roll (hence the name; cute but gross) with cream cheese and spicy mayo (even jalapeno, apparently, at some other places).  Barf.  If that's not nauseating enough, you should check out the "sushi desserts," which we found too terrifying to mock.Starving and desperate, we tried to order the most normal-sounding items on the menu.  Thank the lord, mine had to be freshly prepared and was acceptable, as long as I could shut the other stuff out of my mind.  My parents, poor souls, had to eat refrigerated sushi that had been made who knows when.  Tasted like cardboard.  I don't know what got into us, but we even took some back to the hotel for my brother-in-law, who must have thought my sister was leaving him.I'm all about innovation, evolution, and pushing boundaries.  But these ridiculous concoctions are criminal.  Just leave my sushi alone!!
2	This place was pretty brutal. The fish itself was good but everything else was just plain bad. I placed a large order to take back to my hotel for my coworkers and I to enjoy while we worked on finishing a presentation. When I got back to the hotel I found the edemame frozen (and already peeled), the tempura had obviously been refridgerated and was cold, and the rice under the sushi fell apart when you tried to pick up a piece.The saving grace from this being a one star review were the staff.  They were very accomodating and did their best to put the large order together in a timely fashion.
5	loveeeee
1	I have nothing against this place, my review is something against this whole Sushi Shop chain.I understand that innovation is the key to success, but Sushi Shop has gone way too far.Now before you imagine me screaming BLASPHEMY at every item they have on the menu, allow me to explain.Sushi with cream cheese? Wait what?Sushi with BROWN RICE? I mean, sure you want your food to be healthy and all, but brown rice is NOT the ingredient used in sushi. The texture is weird, the taste is bad, and the sushi rolls had no consistency at all. It's like replacing the spaghetti pasta with rice noodle in an Italian dish, it makes no sense whatsoever.Not to mention their nigiri sushi is so wrongly prepared, that the fish fell off from the rice base instead of sticking to it like it should.Fail.
2	I don't give too many onesies and twosies, but I believe this place merits it on one main level that trumps the modern high ceilings, giant photos of good looking sushi and the staff who get something for effort. The real issue here on two specific occasions is this; I was attracted by all the ads and photos of their somewhat new Temari offering. It stands for "hand ball" or the like and are rice balls either stuffed, mixed or topped with various ingredient combinations. In sum it adds up to this; too expensive for the lack of quality ingredients in the 4 balls themselves. The photos are quite misleading and in the case of the crispy lobster balls is virtually faux...where's the beef comes to mind...pretty much lobster rillettes at best. (I'll add more about this soon)
