3	Princess Nails gets the job done. They don't have a posh ambiance nor do they use new supplies; even though all salons are supposed to, few ever do. The lady doing my pedicure ($20) was quick, friendly and did a good job. Of all the times I've had OPI applied to my nails, it dried the fastest here. Not sure if it's because she put less coats or what, but it was nice not having to wait around for it to dry for +1/2hr.
5	This place is really nice, all their techs are friendly and helpful! They use disposable buffers, files, and pedicure liners to be thrown away after service which is rare! The price is fair and they make you feel welcomed!
1	I have given this nail salon 5 try's. That is over $250 in mani and pedis! I will never return! I just paid $57 for a mani and pedi, I still have dry cuticle around my nail, my shins are red because the young lady did a continuous up and down motion on my shin bone which was extremely painful! Did not clean under my toe nails, my feet are still rough! My little flower is cute though. Do not waist your money in this place!I am in the beauty biz and typically do my own mani pedi at home. When I do pay for a service I expect good service! It is just so disappointing.
1	I have been going to this nail salon for over a year (at over $1000) despite the fact that they take 2 hours to do my nails, charge me a fortune (almost double most salons) and do a horrible job. After switching to a different nail salon, I returned to this salon to get my eyebrows waxed.  Holly, grabbed my hand on one visit and then started speaking in Vietnamese to John and the other employees referencing my nails.  Holly and John have since been very rude to me on the phone and when I come in.  They act like they are in high school and are obviously and overly friendly with the other customers and then pretend they don't even know who I am when I come in.  Holly did my eyebrows (08/27/2014), and instead of putting an oil to remove excess hot wax (which is what she normally does), she pulled and rubbed my face and eyebrow hairs with a cloth to get the excess wax off and made my entire eye area sore and red (more than the norm).  She left hot wax on my eyebrows which clumped together and hardened when I got to my car.  She didn't warn me when she started to trim my eyebrows - she almost cut my lashes or could have poked my eye with those scissors.  She clipped too much on one eye and not enough on the other.  She used to do a good job (which is why I still came to her for my eyebrows), but once she figured out I was going to a different salon for my nails, she and John treat me horribly.  We are paying customers and we have every right to go to any or all the nail salons in the Valley!  I have reported her and John to the AZ State Board of Cosmetology, BBB and the PeopleClaim Agency.  For your safety, if you go somewhere else in addition to their salon, wear your protective gear, they will seek revenge and purposefully hurt you!
