3	Edgar's has dropped in where the Calif. Taco Shop was.  Stopped in today and the Manager greeted us.  He said they have been open 4 weeks.  The decor has not changed but the menu and owner have. The menu is Mexico City style food.  We were seated and given a menu.  The Manager took our order.  Someone from the kitchen delivered our food.There was some chips and salsa samples at the counter that we were told to take a sample.   There were 6 different salsas that they sell to take home, too.  All the salsas are made at the restaurant with fresh ingredients.  The menu has Burritos, Tacos, Tostada, some Mexican sandwiches, some entrees and Combo's.   There was a daily special.  The burritos start at $9 and are large.  I had a Barbacoa..Lamb.  The Manager was happy to explain the menu, said the lamb was very good and popular in Mexico.  It come with beans, rice, cilantro, lettuce, tomato, cheese and sour cream.  A side salsa choice of medium or spicy is given to you to go with the meal.  The burrito was very good!  Better than the burrito I had when this was the Calif. Taco Shop.  Drinks consist of Mexican pop/soda some homemade aqua fresca and the menu said ice tea..but none available when it was ordered. A TV had ESPN deportes on but the sound was muted. Here's to your success...Edgar!
1	California Taco Shop occupied this space until recently when the San Diego-transplant hispanic family that ran it, tapped out and closed down. (very bad location, imo.)  The food was positively delicious and accurate of the Southern-CA. style of casual Mexican food...  Edgar, the former owner of "Taco Loco" in the South side apparently took the lease over and has in the process, raised the price of everything $2-3 while at same time, managed to reduce the quality of food.  I had high hopes but was very disappointed after trying, recently.  (A couple friends have relayed similar feelings.)
3	So glad to see that Edgar's has moved into the old California Taco location. Now I won't have to go all the way down to the Strip District to get my favorite tacos. The restaurant was clean, the service prompt, and both my chorizo taco and fish taco were fresh, hot, and delicious.  At the lastminute I ordered a flan to go, and unfortunately it was not the creamy, silken goodness that I was expecting, but a grainy kind of chunky mess that had good flavor, but the texture was allwrong. I will definitely visit Edgar's often for the wonderful tacos, and maybe give them a second chance on the flan too. Then I can bump them up to the four stars that they deserve.
2	When the Yelpers say half as much food for twice as much money - you should listen. Two bean & rice burritos (mostly rice & lettuce & seriously lacking beans & sour cream) & a tiny tiny (fits into a styrofoam fries container) bean tostada = 20 some bucks. No guac & two thimblefuls of salsa. Coming from So Cal... we miss the previous owner!!! Total ripoff.
2	Not as good as the former California Taco shop and I should know having just moved here from Chula Vista , California. They used a lot of rice and beans to fill my carna asada buritto. Could not taste any meat probably because it did not have flavor and the meat was such small quanity. Plus the prices went up, people in Pittsburgh do not what a REAL taco shop should be. The lady working my the front counter forgot my order or flan, so she really got a $6 tip. They are also trying to sell Costco bought M&Ms and candy for $1.50............ really ?
5	I loved this place. I usually eat at Mexican place down in the Strip and the guy there suggest this place (his sister owns it). We had fish tacos which are delicious and chilquiles- absolutely amazing! The service was great. Nice portion sizes at a reasonable price. I will definitely be back.
5	I was skeptical of this place, probably because of all the fancified, pretentious Mexican places popping up, but this place gets my approval seal. The interiors and exteriors are colorful. The service is great. And the food is excellent. I had a sampling of their tacos, and all of them were good. I also liked their sopapillas, guacamole, salsa, and chips. I hope they stick around.
1	Let me make this review short and sweet. Edgar's is over priced and the food is not that good. The place does not get a lot of business and I don't see them changing their ways. I ate there for my fourth and final time the other day. At the height of the lunch rush a friend and I were the only people in the place. I was disappointed with my lunch and I won't be back.
