4	I love massages. I hesitated in going to a massage envy because I didn't want to be bullied into a membership. I was pleasantly surprised that I was no harrassed at all.Clean interior-very friendly and attentive staff. I've gone 3 times now to this location-and have been happy every time.I'm not a fan of huge spas (getting undressed in front of others and walking around in robes), so this works perfectly for me. I like being able to undress in the room and be under the sheets without having to go to a big old holding room. Reminds me of my fave massage place back in NJ. Dim lighting is great in the massage area, and i love the low music.Will definitely keep going back.
3	Have been a member for 3 years. Finally found a great massage therapist. In the past I've found a good one and then they leave.  I like the convenient locations and hours.
1	I could have massaged myself better with one hand. The decor is not inviting, really plain and clinical feeling, I prefer a plushy and comfy warm feeling atmosphere. The therapist did not use any pressure and did the same stroke up and down my entire body even though I requested Deep Tissue. Then they try and sell you a package which is bullshit. I would not waste my time at this place.
2	The massage was okay.I just hate being pressured into memberships.It's hard to resist after getting a massage because you're so light headed.You can't really think straight.All I really wanna do is-go in, get massage/relax, and pay and get the F out.I don't need you stressing me out, trying to push a membership on me.Over all my experience was alright.I'm sure there's better.
4	i've had a membership to massage envy for the past 3-4 years.  When I lived on the west side of town i would go to the one in arrowhead, surprise, and litchfield park locations.  I now regulary go to the moon valley location because i have moved East of the 51.  I'm a fan of deep tissue and i'm very picky about getting massages.  Many years ago, I completed the massage training program at Massage School of Santa Monica.  It's hit and miss.  Once you find a therapist that is good then you need to stick with them.  At the moon valley location i usually book appts with Gary, Lydia, David, or Javier.  Lydia does really good deep tissue.  And she addresses all the issues i have.  My philosophy on resorts and local massage centers is that at the resorts the therapist does not depend on repeat customers.  Many of the clients are resort guests and they receive gift cards for the spa as part of a package or many times when guests are there as part of a work convention etc.  they will receive gift cards to use.   I feel that at local massage centers they depend on repeat business so the therapist makes sure they address all your concerns.  I have never had a great massage at a resort.
5	I could care less about buying shoes, purses, or getting my nails done so I don't feel bad about indulging in my favorite treat, professional massages.  Membership here is cheaper than the prices I paid in California and even cheaper if you have a family member who is also a member. I am currently paying 39$ a month for hour long massage and the tipping recommendation is also cheaper than back in ca. Such a steal!The interior is good, they offer water and the music is the typical weird songs but what really stood out was my masseuse. I was initially disappointed when we shook hands since Jessica and her hands were so tiny but Jessica gives a great deep tissue massage.... highly recommend her for her good technique and strong pressure. I made the mistake of taking whoever was free for my 2cd apt and the guy was just not as good. I have since been back a few times and always requested Jessica and I leave happy every time ( my mom had Barbara and said it was one of the best deep tissues she has had)I recently paid 75 dollars for 25 minute massage in california at a resort and both of us agreed that Message Envy was much better!
3	For my mom's 50th birthday she wanted to do a lil spa day with me. So we got pedis, went to lunch & then got massages here. I hadn't been here in a couple years & it was my mom's 1st time, so they gave us the discounted rate of $78 for a 90 minute hot stone massage.We got there about 15 minutes early, before our 2pm appointments, to fill out some forms. At about 5 after my mom was called back. I waited another 10 minutes & then I was finally called back. I honestly don't remember my therapist's name but she was sweet & did a pretty good job. Since SHE was late taking me back I figured I'd still get my full massage time that I paid for, nope she finished right at 3:30pm. My mom enjoyed her massage though & that's what mattered.Total for 2 hot stone massages (plus tip) was about $200, not bad. We also couldn't help ourselves & bought some cute rings & sunglasses they had for sale, we're such suckers! We might come back here again, but they are extremely pushy & try to pressure you into signing up for a membership so we shall see...
3	ok experience, just got to a point I did not want my membership anymore and it was complicated to stop it all. I just did not like the autopay committment.
5	Great value for the money.  I have a membership and go about once a month.  I always get a great massage.  Not a fru-fru day spa but just a great deep tissue massage at a teriffic price.
2	OK massage. Not very relaxing atmosphere. I could hear the music in the room next to me ans the toilet flushing three rooms away, also, the staff kept walking by the door chatting. Also, I hate being pressures into memberships... they give an OK massage if you don't mind all the noise or pressure to sign up.
1	This may have been the lamest massage I have ever had and I get them regularly. Being from out of town, this spot happen to be convenient. First, I called for the appointment and they asked if I wanted deep tissue- I did.  So they gave me a choice of therapists. The guy I got either DID NOT do deep tissue OR Massage Envy doesn't know what deep tissue is. Either way, lousy experience. A rub down with no deep pressure on the paraspinous muscles. He kept asking if the pressure was ok?  There was no pressure!
3	Great  customer service. Very clean room, professional therapist. My family and go here every few months and we always happy with our massagem
5	Great place and pretty affordable - as far as massages go.  I've been a member at Massage Envy for about 3 years and have always been pleased with the massages and service at the Moon Valley location.  I've had massages at other Massage Envy locations and other spas, but Massage Envy Moon Valley id by far the best.  For me, getting a massage is the one luxury I allow myself each month to get pampered.  I want to go in and get a soothing massage to feel relaxed.  At the other places I've tried they were too busy trying to show me exercises I can do, or add-ons I could buy, to focus on helping me relax and just doing their job.  This location does none of that sales stuff - they are polite and professional and always helpful.  And the therapists I've been going to are excellent.  They always cater to my needs for each appointment and have never made me feel uncomfortable.  I will definitely keep going there.
3	I was in Phoenix for the weekend and I decided to get a massage as I am going through some stressful life experiences. I visited this location a few years ago, but I decided to call and ask about their new client special. I was happy to hear that they would honor the $39 hour massage special for me since it had been so long since my last appointment. I set up for 12:00PM with Krista and I arrived pretty early since I had finished up lunch with my family earlier than expected. I filled out the necessary forms and then checked in on yelp, like I typically do. I immediately received their special for a free sugar foot scrub. AWESOME! Unfortunately, Krista is not trained in this yet, so I exchanged the offer for an aromatherapy instead. (No problem.)Krista was running behind and took be back for the appointment about ten minutes past. She seemed really rushed and we were practically sprinting down the hallway. About halfway through the massage she asked me if I was doing the hour or 90 minutes (I was doing the hour.) the massage was okay, the room was just a little cold and she did offer me an extra blanket. She skipped scalp, face and neck, though (which I thought were included), and she ended the massage right at 1:00PM even though she took me back late. So, she shorted me a little bit of time. Maybe ten minutes is just ten minutes, but I don't often have extra money to treat myself like this, so it didn't really entice me to come back for a regular price treatment.She brought some water and walked me out without telling me her schedule or anything. Overall, the experience wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either. If I go back I will probably ask specifically for someone who has more experience.The rest of the staff was really professional, helpful and friendly!
4	I have the spine of a 60 year old and what can only be described as a schizophrenic nervous system (thanks for the genes, Mom & Dad!). To say I'm always in pain is putting it lightly. I have regular days in which my pain is too great to be able to walk or do much than lie in bed. I cannot walk farther than 1/4 mile, and I haven't been able to work since 3/13. I've been getting really sick of pills and specialists, of procedures that don't work, and generally losing hope. Thankfully, I have faith, so I'm still plugging. Anyway, a friend gifted me by covering a massage, and I, having been all my friends' personal (amateur) masseuse, figured it was a good idea, especially since it would be my first.I was worried about three things beforehand: 1) being triggered (PTSD) from being touched by a stranger 2) making the noises I usually do when I'm getting rubbed down (they can send a neighbor three doors over into Bonertown) and 3) falling asleep (and snoring like a bear--I'm congested). None of these things happened. It was a really pleasant experience. The lobby was nicely decorated, with chairs of various shapes, sizes, and colors. Products on the wall that I didn't need, three friendly, if frazzled ladies working the front, and I also spotted some pink fuzzy socks (OMG LOOK AWAY, KATIE, LOOK AWAY). The paperwork was brief and to the point. I didn't have to draw x's or slashes to indicate what hurt and in what manner. Bonus. I'm not sure if I've mentioned this in other reviews, but I'm terribly clumsy, socially awkward, and, ah, my self esteem wanes high and low. Luckily, neither the employees nor the clientele were of the Snobsdale vibe, and I wasn't feeling too much like a neolithic cavebeast around them. I was assigned to Eric, a softspoken dark haired chap who talked gently and asked what my problem areas were. I explained my lower lumbar, SI joint, and legs are pretty much always in horrific pain. I stripped down to my dykey skivvies and lay on the table under the sheet. I spend a lot of time on tables like this, and just like every other time, I felt akin to Moby Dick, flopped in all my bulbuous glory. I had a moment before the masseur returned  to recall my flaws--stretch marks, purple spider bite scar, and the zit the size of Austria that appeared on my neck yesterday. Thanks God--just keeping me humble.The massage was soothing, much slower and purposeful than the horny hands of latter days. Different means to different ends, you know. I felt absolutely comfortable in the dark room with quiet music and ambience. Luckily, he didn't get any of my tickle spots except my feet, which always amuses the ladies giving me pedicures because I kick like a donkey. Additionarlly, my appointment didn't end nearly as quickly as I thought it would, and I enjoyed it very much.The ladies up front offered me a membership package, but they weren't pushy, and they didn't insist on me scheduling another appointment just then. I was a little dismayed that the followed appointments would cost $60 instead of $40, but that's just because I'm not working, and money's very tight. When I walked to the bus stop, my joints and movement felt much more fluid, and I felt a little lighter since I wasn't as stiff as I normally am. I hear tomorrow's going to be killer, but today was nice. Would recommend, and will go again.
3	My wife and I went here for our first full body massages on Valentine's Day. We walked in and were  comfortable right away. We had some paperwork to complete to clarify what our needed were from the masseuse. My wife really liked this as it asked specific questions on parts we might want the masseuse to avoid. My wife had her massage from Misty and it was totally positive. She said Misty asked several times if pressure was good and really worked on some knots. If my wife yelped, I'm sure it'd be five stars.My experience was just....okay. My masseuse was Rose who was very nice, but didn't apply the pressure I would've liked. I was surprised to be specifically instructed to keep my underwear on. Not a big deal, just surprised that she went out of her way to say it...do i give off a creepo vibe? I asked for more pressure, but didn't get much more. At no point did she ask if pressure was right. I guess I would hope that communication would be better as she knew it was my first massage. In the end, it felt good, but I left feeling as tight as when I went in. A glorified 90 minute back rub....I probably won't be back.
4	Had an ok time when I was there. The front desk was nice. Decor was ok. Typical of a "spa" that's not part of a resort. Saw James for a deep tissue and I'll never see anyone else. He also gave the most amazing scalp massage. I can't deny I've fallen asleep for him before haha Definitely makes it worth the money.
1	I have been a member for over 5 years and  moved to this area and location wise this was the closest.....it's unfortunate that massage envys  management do not care about their customers at all! The therapist I used was fabulous however booking was impossible you'd have to book at least a week and a half out.....how do I know I am going to be in pain then??? And when I did call in on two different occasions leaving  two messages no one bothered to return my call even though I said I am in a lot of pain. When I went to the location I had frequented before we relocated scottsdale and 90th by the PGA superstore I informed the manager how upset I was and she called over to location to find out why my calls weren't returned. The answer....they were closed for the day....there was some kind of issue it was on a day and time they were suppose to be opened....she told me the manager would reach out to me...she never did.  Two different occasions I booked for facials at shea and said I only wanted to work with one individual I got there and they never bothered to call me and let me know they scheduled me with someone else as both of the people I liked had left massage envy. I even tried calling corporate to let someone know how upset I was and I was a member for 5 years and was thinking of quitting my membership because I was so frustrated, no one even bothered to return my call!  Although I was with them for 5 years and had several good therapists all the good ones left....as soon as I got use to someone and liked them...they were gone....there was a pattern I observed they don't care about their clients nor do they care about their employees! That is the reason for turnover on both accounts....employees and clients! I would never recommend massage envy only the therapists I utilized which are no longer with them.  In addition, when they make suggestions, half the time it's who ever has an opening and they haven't even utilized their services. I am so disappointed in the way I was treated, the lack of care and respect it is quite obvious that that's all management cares about is the bottom line and have no care or concern for the members.
1	Just further customer service issues...sent an e-mail to Massage Envy as requested from the previous business response.I received an e-mail a couple days later explaining that it was simply a bad match between me and my masseuse. They wanted a good time to call my phone and discuss further. I replied within an hour.It's been a month and I've not received another e-mail or phone call. The poor communication just goes on and on.
1	Sitting in the waiting room listening to a bunch of girls loud gossiping when this is supposed to be a relaxing place. I don't want to hear about nipple and boyfriends after a long day of work and paying to relax. Very disappointing experience!
5	I've had massages from LA to London (literally) -- some in the finest establishments.  While Massage Envy Moon Valley can't compete with typical "spa" amenities, they excel at providing a top-notch massage that is the best I've experienced.  THAT is what keeps me coming back.  Paula is the BEST massage therapist that I've ever experienced.  I've bounced from massage to massage never feeling quite satisfied.  That ended once I found Paula.  She is professional, experienced, and a tremendously talented therapist!  My membership is an investment in my health and I get my money's worth!   If you want cucumber water and a steam room and a mediocre massage, keep going to those resorts.  If, however you want a great massage, try Paula and this location!
5	My review is specifically focused on Paula, the best massage therapist I've been to at Massage Envy Moon Valley.  I have tried many others there and have had some good ones, but they left.  Paula is professional, courteous and extremely good.  I have had awful headaches and many issues with my neck throughout the winter.  She has been miraculous in fixing it all for me.  I can't say enough nice things about her.
5	Yesterday I received a facial from Sam. I've had a handful of facials in the past, but this was by far the best. After assessing my skin she decided on the anti aging facial. She explained each product before applying and checked in to make sure I was comfortable. I never knew a facial could be informative, beneficial and relaxing all at the the same time. I fell asleep during the facial massage and woke up wishing there were 2 hour facials.Sam suggested some products and that it would be beneficial for me to get a facial at least once a month. She was not pushy and because of that I will book her again in a month.
2	I was really looking forward to a relaxing facial and massage. The people at the desk were nice and so were the massage and facial professionals. The massage and facial were average... FYI when asked if there is any area you want to focus on in your massage do not say a particular area. I've done it before without issue, but this particular therapist thought that gave her permission to do a pretty good job in the neck and shoulders and rush through the other areas. Seriously like one to two strokes and she was done. When she was done with her rushed one stroke hurried massage, she simply said we are done...No finishing relaxing transition (sorry I am a former massage therapist so I have a lot of expectations in a massage). The facial was a similar experience. Happy with what the work she did, but she was young, hyper and wouldn't shut up. She moved fast through the facial with fast strokes like she was trying to wake me up rather than slower deep strokes that would have made it much more relaxing.As a first time customer, I got a special, but I wouldn't ever pay regular price for a massage here. These guys are amateurs. As a courtesy didn't want to publicly announce therapists names, but message me and I'll share them with you so as to avoid these two young women.
3	Nancy provided me with a wonderful and relaxing massage, just what I wanted. One suggestion would be that the "consult" takes place with your masseuse in the back and not be done with the front desk staff in the client waiting area in front of other customers. This happened to me yesterday and I was very uncomfortable with the personal questions being asked in front of strangers, i.e. my occupation, injuries, reasons for massage. Maybe a small thing to others, but I appreciate my privacy and expected a more professional approach to my private affairs.
3	For the price this place isn't bad. I tried several therapists and most were ok. One wasn't very good and literally left bruises on my shoulders. After a few months I canceled my membership and I wish they would have told me that if you cancel your membership that any "earned" massages expire almost immediately. I think I had about two hours left, but when I called to set up the appt...nope, they expired. Tried it, but I wouldn't recommend it for anything other than a one off.  I've been lucky to have met some excellent massage therapists over the years, but unfortunately they weren't at Massage Envy. The really good ones know that they can operate solo and not share their hard earned money with a corporate chain.
5	It's all about the therapist. Find one that is a good match, and I guarantee you'll be very happy! I see Hector about once a month and have a membership there. You can use your credits at any location, I've used them in Flagstaff and other states while out of town. However compared to the other locations Moon Valley is by far my favorite. The front staff is pretty consistent, I've only had one issue that was quickly resolved; and have not experienced anything similar since.
2	Not happy at all...my therapist left and I only found this out by calling into Massage Envy to reschedule my appointment. My appointment was in just 2 days...when I asked when they we're planning on letting his clients know they explained "they were busy" and we're getting to it. I've been a faithful goer for nearly 18 months but don't like being informed last minute of major changes. Trying to find an appointment for the same time as planned was also nearly impossible-I specifically asked for that time with my work schedule, I understand that people leave but that isn't my fault as a client and telling me that you can no longer do my appointment time after I moved my work schedule around it is simply unacceptable. I will be canceling my membership tomorrow after I use my last prepaid and will be looking for another company.
5	Talk about a complete 360...Brittany the Sales Manager and Aaron a therapist are the ONLY reason I didn't cancel my membership. I went in this afternoon with every intention of canceling my membership, Brittany offered a sincere apology for what had happened and offered to make it up to me. Aaron was wonderful not only was he professional but he was wonderful at his job and I left feeling like I could run a marathon (I won't) but I feel like I could... Why five stars? Because having a great therapist means nothing if you're not valued as a client. Brittany ensured I felt appreciated  as a customer and made this  by far the best experience I've had thus far.
5	I hate the pain but I love the way I feel after James gets done with me. I won't go to anyone else. I like the membership plan it's not a bad price and the staff is very friendly and quick to assist. Location is great and is hours are convenient. Pay these guys a visit and ask for James :)
