1	This cleaners is a JOKE. I dropped a dress off there on March 9th to get the zipper repaired. They said it would take about a week. I paid and left. They called two weeks later and said they ordered the wrong zipper and were going to have to wait for a new one. Today is April 2nd, almost a month after i dropped it off when they left me a voicemail saying that the second zipper they ordered didn't match and that the seamstress couldn't do it. After an entire month of waiting now I'm left at the same place I started, a dress with a broken zipper. I will not ever do business with this cleaners again and if you want your clothes in a timely fashion, I wouldn't either.
4	This is the third cleaners I've tried in the area and definitely the one I'll be sticking with. It's $1.50 for almost any item and they do a really good job. They're also very friendly- regardless of the circumstances. This is a little embarrassing, but in the wake of new mommy-dom I completely forgot that I had dropped off four shirts here. Two months later.... Flair left me a quite friendly reminder message to let me know that my shirts were still hanging out there and that (in about the nicest way they could have said it) they would be donated to charity if not picked up. I saved my shirtly friends from donation the next day and the lady behind the counter was very nice about my abhorrent forgetfulness. Sorry shirts, didn't mean to temporarily abandon you:( But I'm glad you got to hang out at Flair!
1	Terrible customer service! I liked the one in Aliante so I figured centennial would be compatible. First, centennial is more expensive per garment 3.99 versus 1.99 in Aliante. However, wgen i dropped off my clothes , the lady, Dianne told me that I can print off coupons - which then would drop it down to 1.99 upon picking up my clothes. When I picked up, Vicki told me the coupons should have been presented when I dropped off the clothes. I told her what happened and what Diane had told me about the coupons. Vicki said Diane would not say that and she would not change the price unless it was their fault! Um... But it was their fault. In addition, she told me to then pick up my clothes when Diane was there. Furthermore, I asked to speak with the owner or her boss and she told me the owner would not want to talk to me and the General manager, Grace is not available on weekends. Great! I see now how valuable my business is not ! I paid full price for my cleaning and went on my way to Yelp!
1	The Staff is pleasant.  Dropping off during the earlier part of the week will net you a decent time of completion.  However, I am tired of losing buttons and tired of dropping things off only to find that things I mentioned were not taken care of.  I'm not talking about hidden things.  I'm talking about things that I mention to the clerk and upon pick up they were not taken care of...over and over.  I tried to give them the benefit of the doubt.  Not anymore.  Will not go back.  I don't even want to mention the tailoring wait times.
