3	It has been some time since I had visited this plaza. In between visits, the previous business had been replaced by Island. Looking over the menu and around the restaurant, not too much has changed. Wanting to break the monotony of the same cuisine with one of my friends, I had suggested coming here. The large restaurant was steady, but nowhere near full capacity. Both of us were hungry enough to get an appetizer to share, and individual entrees. To start, I had ordered the crispy pork intestines for us. They were not quite crispy, but they were melt in your mouth. Unlike most intestine I have had, this one was stuffed with green onions and then fried until the outer layer was golden brown like the skin of a roasted duck. The hoisin style and chili sauce complimented the meat while the pickled diakon and carrots helped cleanse the palate of greasy. I followed this up with the ginger scallion duck with rice. You can get a full order, for $12, but I don't think it comes with rice. Plus no matter how hungry I am, I couldn't eat a family portion on my own. So for $7-$8, it was a good serving. Now this is where Island started to lose me. The dish was rather bland. Normally I don't complain about that in Asian food, but with strong flavors such as ginger and scallions, it should be more prevalent and bold. The pieces of meat were the bonier pieces over the rib cage, so most of my time was spent picking off bits of meat. What I did get off of the bone was dry. My friend got the BBQ pork fried rice and Malaysian coffee. He seemed to be happy with his order. The food warrants three stars, but the service made me want to move it to a four. All the servers here were attentive to our water glasses and as soon as food was placed on the counter, it was moving towards a table. Like the previous review, make sure to bring cash, because cards are not accepted at the moment.
3	I've never had Malaysian food, so we walked in with no expectations. No clue if this is authentic, but seems like a toned down/less flavorful version of Thai. We were pretty overwhelmed by their huge menu of over 130 items. They have a regular menu with descriptions and also a binder with pictures. Kind of cute they have decent pics with little cliparts of whatever kind of animal meat is in it on the side. We would look at the descriptions then look up the pictures by #. This process took a long time and we ended up with #49 captains noodles and #70 Kari ayam.Captains noodles is mixed flat and thin rice noodles w soy sauce, baby bok choy, chicken and shrimp. It was just ok, pretty bland but shrimp tastes fresh and the fried onions on top went really well somehow. I probably wouldn't order it again because of the blandness. The chicken curry was also bland and fyi they charge $1 for a small bowl of rice (which wasn't mentioned) but you have the choice of regular rice, chicken (cooked in broth) or coconut. I'm not a fan of Asian restaurants that charge for rice, especially not when they don't mention the charge up front. Mango sticky rice was good. A little different from Thai places in that they add coconut milk and sesame seeds. I'm open to trying this place again, maybe we just chose the wrong things. But this was a really underwhelming first impression. They do accept credit cards now, but not Amex.
5	This restaurant used to be called Penang. I think they just change their name after renovation. I mean all the staff are the same and the owner probably is the same, they just change the name.The food and the menu seems the same. I mean they still have my favorite from yesteryear. The nasi lemak, the hainan chicken rice and the roti chanai.All and all, I was pissed when they closed down for renovation, luckily I come back just in time to satisfy my nasi lemak craving. Next time I am gonna try some other stuff. Now that I live in Las Vegas, I can just keep coming back and try all their menu.
5	We were worried when we saw the Grand Opening sign.  I said, Uh Oh, our favorite place is gone.  Every time we visit Las Vegas, we spend most of our meals here- at this gem of Malaysian cuisine that we can't get as good anywhere else.  Serious!  Who would go anywhere 3 meals in a row unless they were nutz about the food?!So this place used to be called Penang and we had been coming here for a few years.  We look forward to eating all the foods we can't get back home.  Despite the Grand Opening sign, we decided to try it out since we already had Malaysian food on our minds.  Low and behold, we walk in, and it's the same wait staff and chef with whom we were so familiar with.  Apparently the chef is now the owner (thought he was the owner before) so we were quite relieved!  We don't even know what their names are, but we are definitely their biggest fans.  When we show up, they already know which dishes we want.  Now that's personal service!The restaurant is spacious, very clean and comfortable.  The wife of the chef is the waitress and she's warm and friendly!Here's what we have and recommend.  By the way, they have 150 menu items and we said we'll try them all, eventually.  Wine chicken soup:  Oooooh, just like how my mom used to make.  This is so amazing.  The flavors in each of their dishes is so delish!Bak Kut Teh- Chinese Herbal soup.  I don't know if there are medicinal benefits to this soup, but it sure is yummy!Satay tofu- tofu stuffed with beansprouts and peanuts with peanut dipping sauce.  Yum!Roti telur- this homemade roti is stuffed with egg and onions and very tasty. Roti canai- light fluffy homemade pancake served with chicken curry sauceHomemade tofu- love love love this dish.  So tasty!Char kway teow- fried flat noodles kind of like chow fun, with shrimp and squid.Clay pot noodles- crispy fried noodles with seafood in clay pot with sauce.Pearl noodles- another dish just like how mom used to make.Pangang stripe bass- this fish can be made any way and we chose this authentic malaysian dish steamed in banana leaf.Chicken rice- this is so yummy and such a simple dish, and sooo yummy!For dessert, we had mango and sticky rice and ice kachang which is like a malaysian snow cone with red beans, grass jelly, jelly, condensed milk, and corn.  Very yummy.They also have crab if you order ahead of time and they can cook it any way you want.  The only thing bad about this place is when we get home, we always gained weight, so exercise, here we come!  Island Malaysian Cuisine is a MUST TRY if you enjoy malaysian food like we do (and I'm not even malaysian but I am a FOODIE)!  Trust me, this is authentic Malaysian Singaporean Chinese cuisine.  We hope to enjoy many more years of feasting here and trying everything on their extensive menu (with pictures too)!
5	Me and my coworkers went here lunch..It is quite specious and clean restaurant. We order Roti for appetizer's was quite good. There lunch portions are HUGE...couple of people can share one order and it should have been sufficient. I would love to come back here again.
5	Great food, friendly staff.. Im from Singapore and this is the closest I've gotten - foodwise.. Reasonable prices too! A MUST GO! they have a website too. http://islandmalaysiancuisine.weebly.com
4	Just glad we still have a descent malaysian restaurant around.  For those of you that remembered Banana Leave, it was my favorite malaysian place.  When it suddenly closed its doors I was emotionally  devasted  and have been searching for a new malaysian favorite. Island Malaysian has stepped up to fill that void.
5	Wow!  Island is so good; a bit of Malaysia & Singapore in Las Vegas!  Island is the same food as Penang.  The same owners with the same good food.  The decor has been updated with an island motif.  We tried a new dish - Stingray in curry - OMG! So tasty with the right amount of spice.  We ordered our old favourites - 1/2 order of Hainanese Chicken, Beef Rendang, Okra Belachan, Chicken rice and for dessert, we had the Ice Kachang.  We were also treated with a free Banana & Coconut pudding.  Will be back for more!
5	Better than Penang.  Roti canai, one of my favorite dishes, hits the mark.
5	My boyfriend and I love this place! We are regulars now. The food there is delicious and the waitress is really nice.
4	First time trying Malaysian food with my boyfriend and I must say that food here is really good. We got the Kang Kung belacan along with whole grilled fish with shrimp paste sauce and dungeoness crab all the food that we got was really delicious. I will definitely come back here again.
4	Big fan of Malaysian food.  It's heavy, rich, and it's like morphing Chinese and Indian together.  This place has a Cheesecake Factory-esque menu but at least they provide pictures of every item for any Malaysian virgin.   The Roti Canai is crispy, flaky, and is the Malaysian equiivalent to Naan. They serve this alongside a small bowl of chicken curry although there are only just a few pieces.I love the Hainanese Chicken and all the noodle dishes.  The vegetables (okra or ong choy)  in Belecan sauce makes eating veggies super easy....probably second to being fried for those who don't like veggies.The fried salt and pepper shrimp are enormous.  For I believe $20, you get over a dozen huge prawns.Last, the coconut jello does not dissapoint as it comes with the coconut for you to take home.  Go in a group of at least 4+ people, order 1.25 dishes per person and share to have the full experience.
5	I first encountered Island Malaysian Cuisine over at the 1st annual Asian Food Festival at The Orleans on October 1st and 2nd. I tried them because the roti that the owner, Steven, was spreading out, looked thin, airy, and bouncy, before it was pounded onto the griddle by one of his minions and made into a thick and non-fluffy and non-airy dough.Of course, I gave them the benefit of the doubt, and am absolutely glad that I did, because I really enjoyed the food at their restaurant. If you want a really traditional dish, you should try their Assam Laksa: noodle soup with a broth made from fish and lemongrass. They do a great job of using the freshest ingredients and keep it warm in a clay pot for you. Mee Goreng: mee going crazy... slightly sweet, slightly sour, slightly spicy noodles and we chose chicken as the protein to go with the dish, but they have other offerings such as beef and shrimp.String beans were so fresh, I thought they just picked it out of the ground. The string beans were plump and juicy and went well with the slightly spicy dried scallop and dried shrimp sauce.Also, I extremely enjoyed the Roti Canai: with their chunks of potatoes and chicken. The roti was really fluffy and airy and the best I've ever had. Then Steven and his wife, Tess, told me about an off-menu item that they were thinking about adding to the menu.It's called the Roti Tissue: The second time I went to the restaurant, I tried it. It is absolutely amazing. I have no words for this dish. To describe what it actually is, well, it's crispy thin roti sprinkled with sugar with curry on the side to dip pieces of the giant "Tissue" into. Just break off any crazy-size you want. When it came out, we were wowed by the tent-shaped looking dish. This is a must-try!!! To finish the second night, I tried the Ice Kachang, which I also had at the Asian Food Festival. The ice kachang is $1 more for ice cream, which we got. It was really delicious and the syrup that they use is awesome. At the Asian Food Festival, I also tried the Coconut Jelly. This is one of the best desserts I have ever tried. It is not too sweet, the texture is awesome, and because real coconut comes with the jelly, it is very deliciously balanced.I will definitely be back to try the rest of their dishes. Their service was also really good and I loved hearing about how they ended up opening at the former Penang space. Their ambience is casual with a tried-for island feel with two orange barrels and a metal top as a counter, some metal hot air balloons as lights, and a giant and beautiful painting of a sandy shore-side view out into the ocean with palm trees help any uptight person relax. I also saw that they have a roadrunners.com sticker on their window, so I'm sure they deliver.
4	totally worth it.  came in here twice in four days.. which says a lot given all the good food available in LV. Some hits and misses, but i cant say much about the misses because this is a Singaporean's take, and the cuisine can differ some across the causeway. Also, the restaurant IS called island Malaysian..also, for those wondering about its similarities to Penang (the restaurant chain)-- the waitress said that it used to be a Penang chain but then other people bought it out.. so i guess the decor and the recipes via the cooks were retained? but: 1) sambal kangkong-- good ratio of leaves vs stems. sambal sauce was a little too thin for my liking, but i think it's a Malaysian thing. 2) Char Kuay Tiao: Delicious to the max!! fried soft white noodles with fresh prawns and bean sprouts.. hmmm. they dont skimp on the bean sprouts either! but seriously, what is it with LV and awesomely fresh bean sprouts?! Kinh Do served up some super bean sprouts too. Our table of 7 inhaled 3 servings. 3) Roti Canai: We had 4 servings.  crispy and chewy dough.. Curry was spot on authentic. Enough said. 4) Hainanese chicken was meh.. at least they stuffed the bottom with fresh cucumber slices5) mee goreng was pretty good.. very malaysian styled though, ie sweet, a tad mushy, and with fried dough pieces in it6) house-made toufu was pretty sweet!  At this point we were so stuffed, but you could definitely taste and feel that the toufu was artisan-made and not from a factory. 7) Barley drink-- great because it was tasty and not too sweet (critical, since other places would pour on the sugar syrup and then dilute the whole thing) but personally, ratio of barley grains to liquid in the glass was a tad off. 8) ice kacang!! had it during our first meal there.  the waitress was so sweet.. I asked if it was possible to have more attap chee pieces cuz when i was young, my sis and i would fight perpetually over it, and she laughed and said that she'll put 5 pieces in it-- one for every person at our table! that's great service. I swear we ate several other dishes, but at this point in time.. my mind is still fixated on the roti canai and char kuay tiao.. LOLanyone craving straits cuisine-- GO!!!
4	By the time we came here, we were hangry. We tried two other places and either they were closed or too busy. That means this place had to come through or we would have flip their tables like Chinese gangster style (maybe not that exaggerated)We ordered the roti, the first noodle soup dish and lamb. Being hungry, we devoured each dish before the next came out. The Roti was not fried so it was not greasy. I rather liked it more this way. It also came with a bowl of curry for dipping. There was a piece of chicken and potato in the bowl. For less than $5, it was really awesome.The noodle dish was good and had a seafood flavor like Big Wong's shrimp soup. What I didn't like about the noodle dish is I think it was spaghetti noodles, and I usually like soft noodle but these were almost mushy. The lamb was not gamey and had all this brown sauce over it. When I see that I think it would be too salty but it was actually perfect in flavor. These are not flavors I am used I'm not even sure what they used to make it with. We finished everything. What I didn't like was their tea. It was supposed to be Jasmine but they were flavorless bags of tea. We will come back to try the rest of their menu.
5	I am a Malaysian who lives in Tampa, Florida and is always on the look-out for authentic Malaysian restaurants whenever I visit other cities. When I was in LV last month I discovered Island Malaysian Cuisine, and can confidently pronounce it one of the best and most authentic restaurants serving Malaysian food in the US. Among the dishes I liked are: curry mee, char koay teow, Hainan chicken rice, nasi lemak, roti canai, satay, coconut pudding and peanut pancake. Outstanding were the lobak and chendol which were as good as back in Penang, Malaysia. We ended up going there for lunch on three different occasions and twice for dinner during the week we were in LV. The ikan bilis sambal, and chicken rendang were also excellent. Another outstanding dish was the ladies fingers (okra) stir fried with sambal udang, which was incredibly good. I only wish I had more time to try out their other dishes but since I and my wife spent a lot of time visiting the nearby national parks outside LV, we were not able to do so. The service was excellent and the waitress was very nice about making recommendations since we invited some Taiwanese friends for dinner, who had never tried Malaysian cuisine before, and we wanted a combination of dishes that complement each other for a comprehensive meal. You cannot beat this restaurant for authenticity, and we hope that they will continue to flourish, as we expect to return again and again! Their lunch specials for under $5 is also unbeatble for value. BHK.
5	4.5 Stars:The Basil Chicken as delicious and the #71 chicken ayam renda was even better! The Ayam chicken was cooked in a Red curry sauce that reminded me of an Indian curry and Thai Panang curry combination with less coconut milk. The sauce on the Ayam had a hint of sweet and just the right amount of Spicy. This is a really good find and I can't wait to try out the rest of the Menu.
3	My boyfriend def. enjoyed this place more than I did. The food to me was mediocre and the service, although was good, was a bit difficult when I had to ask the server multiple times for hot sauce because he couldn't understand english. I'll go back when I'm in Vegas again but probably because my boyfriend wants to go.
2	We are Malaysian's living in the US.  Was in Las Vegas on vacation.  Decided to check out Island Malaysian Cuisine since Penang is now closed  for some taste of home. We ordered, Hokkien Mee and Chow Fun with gravy.  Total disappointment.  Hokkien Mee is suppose to be the thick yellow noodles, they used the skinny yellow noodles like you would have in Curry Laksa.  There was not much flavor.  The Chow Fun was eh...better than the Hokkien Mee. I'm not saying not to try Island Malaysian, just don' t order the Hokkien Mee and Chow Fun with gravy. Walked by a table that had Chow Kwe Teow and it looked awesome.  Should have ordered that instead. Totally disappointed with our meals.
4	Eat here every time I come to LV, Good Food
5	To all Malaysians and Singaporean, locals or tourists, do not miss out!I'm not only saying that because the food is great but also because worried it may not be around for too long.  I think it may be the location but I'm hoping sites like this can direct folks hereWe have living in Vegas for several years. We seem to only go back for 2 dishes :D - char koay teow and seafood chow fun (aka wa tan hor to locals).  The stuff tofu appetizer is also great.
5	Fell in love since the first time I saw the sign!There aren't many MALAYSIAN food places around Vegas, so I may be a little biased. I have never had any authentic Malaysian food either, so... I guess this may be going out on a whim, BUT... my experience here has been amazing!They have an EXTENSIVE menu, and then a separate binder that has PICTURES... of EVERYTHING on the menu! Seriously, that made our selection process 50x easier! I can't remember everything we've had, but I know that the coconut rice is a must get, and so is the Roti Canai. YUM. Malaysian spices are more defined than Thai, since they use less coconut milk. I want to say that it's closer in taste to Indian cuisine, but not as bold. Anyway, the interior is very themed, and they have a little mini-pool set for children to play. On top of that, the service was beyond amazing.The owner, which is also a server and cashier (but her name slips my mind... UGHH!) was extra nice, and VERY patient with us when we were making selections, and was not shy to offer her opinions on what we might like, and suggestions as well. Awesome place with great service and good food!
4	Yaye! I found a Malaysian restaurant in Vegas and I'm super excited and happy about it!  It doesn't top my favorite Layang Layang from Cupertino, CA, but it will do.1 star = for the Roti Canai bread.  Their curry sauce comes with potatoes and meat in it.  Awesome!  You can never really go wrong with this bread, but I'm sure glad that they have it!  2 stars = chicken curry.  At first I told my friends...really?  We're ordering Chicken Curry? LOL. But it was actually quite tasty, and  even though the soup base was a tad on the watery side, it exploded with flavor!3 stars = Char Kway Teow. It comes with an abundance of egg which I love!4 stars = for their picture menu!  If you don't know what to order because you're unsure of what is in it, or how it is cooked, or how it looksl ike, they have a picture menu for your to look.  Dude.  Best idea ever!Lacks the 5th star because the Sizzling Beef we ordered was super salty, and the Mango with Sweet Rice was a little off (rice was a bit hard, coconut sauce was watery, and the mango wasn't the right texture).I'll definitely coming back for more!  The prices here don't burn your pockets either! Yes!Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (57/365).
4	We stopped by for dinner on a Friday evening. Not busy, so the service was prompt and friendly.We ordered the roti canai, kari ayam, chicken flavored rice and noodles with salty fish. The food was very delicious and reasonably priced. We'd ordered too much food for two people and I was eating too much, but I didn't want to stop! It was very flavorful and satisfying.Definitely a good place for some wholesome tasting food.
5	This place is incredible! My husband and I were looking around for a Malaysian place in Las Vegas and this is about the only Malaysian Restaurant here. The food is so fresh and delicious and cheap! The people are so friendly and very knowledgeable.. We have been here a few times now and keep going back as I have cravings and always want to try new dishes here. Just go. You'll love it!
2	What makes me the most disappointed about having to give this restaurant only 2 stars is that our dining experience started off so well!The roti canai was excellent! Perfect, crispy texture. The curry sauce was very hearty and even included a piece of meat!Then, our entrees came.The Ginger Scallion Duck turned out okay. The sauce tasted a little weird and didn't complement the duck very well. We ate a few pieces and just lost our appetite for it.The Malaysia Buddha vegetable stir-fry seemed to have been just thrown together haphazardly with some hoisin sauce and vinegar.We weren't impressed by the coconut rice either. The rice was mushy and came with a weird stringy substance.Our total meal came out to $30 including tip/tax. We definitely did not feel like we got our money's worth. Maybe it would've been safer to just stick with the curries.
4	I came to Island Malaysian Cuisine for the first time last night and was pleasantly surprised!We were wanting to try something new and we saw an ad for Island Malaysian in a magazine. Of course I looked it up on Yelp and was drawn in to the delightful, yummy-looking pictures.It's located in a giant Chinatown stripmall (by the Chinese grocery store). The decor inside is surprisingly cute, very island-y and clean. The big plastic, orange chopsticks are fun too. The menus also come with a large black binder, it reminded me of a karaoke book. Inside are numbered pictures of all the dishes, which correspond with the numbers in the menu.We ordered:-Lychee juice-Fresh young coconut-Roto canai-Basil noodles-Spicy beef with side of cucumbers-Peanut bread dessert-Mango sticky rice dessertDeelish! The lychee juice tastes refreshing and is not overly sweet. I will upload a picture. I loved the roto canai "tissue" bread. Tearing off pieces and dipping it in to the little bowl of curry that comes with it was lovely. Great flavor and texture.The basil noodles were marked as spicy in their menu but (blame my Korean palate) I definitely could have taken it a lot more spicier. I will just have to ask for it extra spicy next time. The peanut bread was crushed peanuts with honey and butter inside the "tissue" breading. Not overly sweet but very tasty.Service was good, the middle-aged woman who sat us and served us was really friendly and helpful.I will definitely be back to try more Malaysian dishes!
5	I went to this place twice on my recent visit to Vegas. As a Malaysian, I find their food to be authentic and delicious. The customer service is also excellent. They don't nickel and dime you for every little thing. I ordered ABC and asked for a substitute of the cendol instead of the red bean, and they did it for me free of charge. I will surely stop by here again anytime I go to Vegas.
3	Was recommended this from a fellow dinner at Big Wong (across the street), so we thought we come by for the the hamione Chicken Rice.  We also tried the Coconut Fried Rice and Kwak somthing (stir fry noodle with shrimp and bean sprouts). My wife liked this place and advise it differs from Big Wong's but I personally like Big Wong more, thus the 3 Stars... My Wife on the other hand like this place more so.. you can decide.  The hamione Rice was excellent, a little different than BW but very good just the same. The Coconut fried rice as well as the Kwak were very bland and not as flavorful.
4	The only place in the city that I know of that makes Roti Canai. I love Malaysian food because it's pretty much Chinese food with an Indian twist. Island Malaysian Cuisine has all the Malaysian dishes I love, and sadly it's the only Malaysian restaurant in Vegas. I always get the Roti Canai, which is the Indian-style flatbread with chicken curry as a dipping sauce. The Roti is always made fresh, and comes out steaming hot and wrapped up on a plate. The chicken curry is oily  and only has 1 piece of chicken and potato, but it goes together so well with the Roti that I'm not complaining. I also like their Mee Goreng, which is fried  noodles mixed with shrimp, meat, tofu, potatoes, bean sprouts, chili sauce, and peanuts (sort of like Pad Thai).The restaurant is owned and operated by a family, and the menu is very expansive. There's a picture book showing each item on the menu, which can be very helpful for new customers. I'm a bit surprised at the small amount of traffic they get though. Every time I come in for lunch or dinner, out of the 20 or so tables, only 3 or 4 are occupied. I wish more people would try this place out because it's definitely something different from the usual Chinese or Vietnamese restaurants you see all over Chinatown.
3	We went to check out the place because it's one of the few Malaysian restaurants in Vegas. We thought the food was decent but nothing special. The waiter was totally not helpful in making recommendation. Good comfort food but expensive for what you get. The place was practically empty for lunch and the whole plaza where it is located was empty too.
4	I've always wanted to try this restaurant after I made a trip to Singapore; I have to say, it's not exactly the same, but close enough.I ordered the char kway teow, which is very similar to beef with flat noodle, or chow fun.  My friend ordered the pineapple fried rice, which is a staple dish of the region.  Both had good portions and flavorful, but my favorite part was when I saw a stripped coconut bring brought out to the table in front of us as a drink.  I had to order it.So I walked out of the restaurant carrying the whole coconut, sipping as if I was at some tropical island.  Only $3.  At most Thai places, you'll get Thai tea for $2.50, WITHOUT refills.The service was great, too.  I was picking the green onions out of the dish (I like my food cooked with them, but not eating it), and the waitress said she'd remember to take it out next time I order it.  Will she really remember?  Doubt it, but we'll see- I'll come back another time.
5	Excellent all the way around. Fantastic, friendly, attentive service. Very informative menu (binder w/pictures!). Started with the tissue roti (see picture). Over 2 ft. tall, makes an impression when it arrives. What you don't know is that it has a light coating of sugar on the inside! Its addictively tasty by itself, but interesting when combined with the accompanying curry dipping sauce. (Also handy as dessert if you still have it hanging around after your entrees are polished off). Speaking of entrees - we had the shrimp char kway teow (with mushrooms subbed for squid) and the beef red curry. Both were incredible. The red curry I have to say is the perfect winter dinner -it arrives still bubbling-cauldron-hot, and is rich, warming and satisfying. Get a side of rice to go with. The shrimp char kway teow - will get this again. Wasn't greasy, good flavor and a great choice if you want something not sauced. I'm betting its more of a healthy option, relatively speaking. Fabu! To top it off, the prices are super reasonable, and downright cheap if you're coming from eating on The Strip.
5	Roti Canai and Khari Mee were really nice.  It took us a while to figure out what to order (so many choices that we were interetsed in) but everything that came out was great.
4	Their rice game here is ridiculous. My BFs grandma grew up in Indonesia and that cuisine isn't really available anywhere, but Malaysia shares many similarities so we thought to bring her here. She ended up not coming, but the BF,my MIL and I went. I kinda know a bit about Malay food, but they have a picture menu binder they give people as well as a regular text menu which was helpful. We ordered: BBQ Pork fried rice - it had really nice flavor, the bbq pork was sweet and succulent and the rice was really soft and fluffy, not greasy at all. My only critique about this is that it had large slices of red onion which would have been okay well cooked, but it was a bit raw.Rendang Ayam- I'm a big fan of the bold thick rendang and this one was definitely hitting the mark in flavor. This is a bone- in, skin on chicken so it was more flavorful with that, but it makes it a bit messy to eat. The portion was about half a chicken so they give you a sizable amount. I will be ordering this again, but with a red meat as I think that holds rendang flavors well. Captains Noodles - we got it w/o shrimp for the MIL but it was still good. These are saucy noodles, swimming in a sweet soy based sauce which was good but maybe a bit sweet for me. One thing I oddly have to rave about is their rice. Their fried rice and plain white rice was so soft and fluffy and well seasoned. It's harder to achieve than you would think to hit that mark, but I love it when I could find it. I only keep brown rice at home now, so it's a rare treat to find good white rice when eating out. This is a halal place and so the meats reflect that. The chicken will be more "chicken-y" as this isn't your big farm mass produced usual chicken. We ordered grandma food to-go. Chicken satay was rather small, but decent enough. It is really sweet though so we did a bit like "thai style" and dip a little vinegar onto them to balance it out. She wanted kari ayam curry but with fried tofu and they accommodated it for us. It was alright, rather tangy of a curry. I wasn't a fan and neither was she though, but it might just not be in our taste. Service was decent here. Our drinks were refilled before they got were empty. Now I want more fluffy rice.
4	This place gets a stamp of authenticity from me and did I tell you we are picky about our local food? It's as Singaporean/Malaysian as it gets based on the few dishes I ordered. I agree with some of the other reviews - for people who are not familiar with SG/MY food the pictures would be really helpful. While they may sometimes look like Indonesian/Thai food, the flavors are very distinctive. Started off with the roti canai and I was pleasantly surprised that it's not the flat crispy frozen kinds served in most malaysian restaurants. It's thick like the real ones. The curry chicken that came with it was good too. I was also quite pleased that they had the penang yong tau foo, which is a dish with curry/laksa gravy and an assortment of tofu skin or veggies stuffed with fish paste. I asked for noodles with it. Kangkong belacan was good, and husband ordered a teochew style steam fish, which was alright.  If I'm ever in LV again I'll definitely come by again.
4	I love their curry dishes. My favorite has to be the Roti with curry chicken but I wished they gave you more than 1 minuscule piece of chicken.  We've only been here four times and we haven't been disappointed yet.
5	Awesome tasting restaurant.Away from the strip, in a little Chinatown.Very reasonable (maybe, cheap) pricing for the quantity.we ordered:Tom Yum soup: Was decent... it's a thai soup in Malaysian restaurant: ordered just so that my Parents could taste our favorite soup :-)Roti Telur with Potato soup: Awesome (both roti telur and the potato soup).Roti Canai with Chicken soup: Good, but the chicken soup was awesomeSalted Fish Fried Rice: Awesome.Egg Fried Rice: this was a disappointment, but this dish wasn't in the menu...we should have asked for Veggie Fried Rice with eggVery good service.Very helpful menu with pictures of everything.
5	Amazing food.  Fried fish and roti are a must try. If you haven't tried malay food it is a cross between chinese and indian cuisine...  Just like the people.Craving it now.
4	The roti canai and char kway teow were great. The Hokkien char mee was OK but if I ordered it again, I'd ask for more spice. We also got a fresh coconut to slurp and munch on.The staff was friendly and it was easy to get refills and order additional dishes (mmm satay) without feeling compelled to rush through dinner. We were dining a bit late on a Friday and there was no wait.When dinner was over the check came and it was such a cheap meal for a couple gluttons. We were transported to Malaysia, for the length of our meal, for much less than a plane ticket.
2	I met someone who raved about this place so my sister and I came here today to try it out. We thought the seats were really uncomfortable and cold if you aren't wearing pants while sitting on them. But decor aside, we ordered three items as followed:Green curry with vegetables and tofu: something is off with this dish but I don't know what. I had to add a bit of salt and sugar to it since its was so bland and not as viscous as I'd like it to be. A curry dish should be slightly thicker, more flavorful and with less mushy vegetables like eggplants. At $13, this dish failed hardcore. How disappointing!Seafood combination fried rice: this is good but I can't imagine screwing up fried rice. I can make this at home in less than 15 minutes. Anchovies in shrimp paste with onions : the seasoning is perfect but they used too much sauce so this dish was really wet and soggy. I would like to see it dryer and with less onions. Overall, I don't think I will come back here...
4	Lynn and I ate lunch today at Island Malaysian Cuisine in Las Vegas. I had the Satay Tofu and Fried Shrimp with Black Pepper (spicy). Lynn had roti canai for a starter and a vegetable plate. She also had mangos with sticky rice for dessert. I drank mango juice. Malay food, if you are not familiar with it, is characteristically southeast Asian without being too spicy. Give it a try. This is an excellent restaurant with prompt and friendly service. It's about a mile and a half from the Strip. The food is about a thousand times better than the crap they serve on the Strip and 50% the cost. Here is the web site: http://www.bing.com/local/details.aspx?lid=YN609x401676488&qt=yp&what=island+malaysian+cuisine&where=Las+Vegas%2C+Nevada&s_cid=ansPhBkYp02&mkt=en-us&q=island+malaysian+cuisine+las+vegas&qpvt=island+malaysian+cuisine+las+vegas&FORM=LARE
5	My friend and I visited this out of the way Malaysian restaurant when I got a longing for some beef randang.  From outside the place is rather modest, on the second floor of a small oriental mall at the far end of Spring Mountain.   Inside, it is also modest, with a band stand, and a pool table, suggesting it is a hangout for local Malaysians rather than a tourist spot.From the first bite of the Roti Canai, a chicken, potato appetizer served in a coconut curry sauce, we sensed we were on to a winner.  It was so good we immediately ordered a second helping.  I'm a tofu fan, and enjoyed the stuffed tofu pockets.   We had 3 main courses, beef randang, char kway, mee siam - each was outstanding.We highly recommend this restaurant, and look forward to many more visits to come.
4	My wife and I decided to venture away from the strip and try a place in the Chinatown area.  She's lived in China, so we are used to the real deal Chinese food and spice.The service was friendly and really attentive.We started with the Roti Canai after reading yelp reviews.  The roti was served warm.  It really tasty and seemed fresh.  It was served with a great chicken curry dipping sauce.I had the Rendang Ayam (chicken curry).  it was most of a bone on chicken.  no vegetables, but it was a good sauce.  Its not very spicy, but it was flavorful.My wife had the shrimp char kway teow.  It was good: similar to pad thai, but it was a little bland.  We both preferred the chicken dish.We wanted to try the mango sticky rice after the reviews, but we were told Mangos were out of season (in April).  We opted for the banana pancake, which is similar to a crepe with warm slices of bananas rolled inside it.  it was good, but really sweet.
4	Authentic Malaysian food! Price is good, food is good. Plus it looks like a family-owned small business...I like the fact that my money may go towards a little boy's education.
3	Service :  5 stars ! Food : average ... To be honest, the service was great. Although,  ive tasted much better malaysian food. Roti canai is my favorite dish usually, & I wasnt impressed with theirs. Curry was okay, & the noodles we got .. ehhhh, its okay too.id give it a lower star but the service was incredible.
2	This is just a review based on their service and how we were treated there. Our party of 3 arrived at the same time as this huge table apparently. We had our orders ready within minutes and waved to the waiter. He kept acknowledging us but took forever to come. They served us water, which was real prompt and encouraging that it'd be a good meal experience. Finally, the waiter comes and asks us for our order, we give him 3 items. He comes back within a few seconds and tells us their kitchen will be really busy right now and our food will take approximately 30 minutes to come. They had put in the large table order in the kitchen before ours. We got up and left, because we were already behind schedule to leave. But seriously, what kind of business does that?!?! It was 12pm, they should expect the kitchen to be busy!! It's peak lunch hour for goodness sakes! At least they were honest and told us it would take forever for the food to come out. Other places I've been to make it work, but in my opinion, this place indirectly told us to leave or wait an hour for our food. That's how my mind translated what the waiter told us.
3	3 stars but might be me. Im not sure if Malaysian Cuisine is my thing. Im not s spicy girl and Im allergic to shrimp so kind of changed the flavor of the dishes. I will say the curry puffs were good- just a little too spicy for me. I also got the basil noodles, and the captians noodles. Roti and lychee drink. The lychee drink- soooo good. Service amazing- just fantastic.Overall I think its worth trying this place- I came here to experience something new and I enjoyed my experience. The restaurant is very cute, decorated nicely. Like I said I might just not be a Malaysian food kind of gal.
4	I like this restaurant. Great food, really friendly service. I don't understand why it's so empty. I got there on Saturday around 1:30pm but there are only 3 occupied tables including mine. Maybe it's the location or not many people familiar with Malaysian food.We ordered, fish head noodle soup, nasi lemak, Kway teow and roti telur...all good. I will be back whenever I miss my Indonesian food and don't feel like cooking.
5	If you want a GREAT meal, especially if you have a massive hangover, here it is: Roti Canai (better get two) Kari Mee with shrimp (noodle soup - add fried tofu, get some limes) - my most FAVORITE soup in the world  Young Coconut drinkProbably my favorite meal. Service is usually great -  good people, sometimes it gets busy but oh well, that's the nature of business. ENJOY!!
5	i found this gem through Groupon. they are fantastic! very delicious food, prepped/cooked fresh, tons of selection to please any SE Asian palate and best of all: excellent attentive customer service! i have had the fish fillets prepped with House Special Sauce-amazingly light, flaky fish coated with light batter, the sauce is not heavy, and it comes on top of bed of fresh , crisp lettuce. i took my boss and 2 other co-workers here 1 week later to introduce them to REAL Malaysian/Singaporean cuisine.  we brought our own wine(restaurant only serves limited selection of beer), they only charge $5/per open bottle fee. very reasonable. kitchen is visible from the dining area and you can watch the chefs prep/cook your food. they will do any sauce on the side. we had : Roti(a MUST try: so light, it is like Naan, but thinner, with crispy edges!+it comes with mild curry sauce w/little drumstick), chicken curry(just right!), Latksa(truly delicious), samosa(it was gone in less than 2 mins! ), pineapple fried rice (unlikely combo ,but absolutely perfect for hot summer weather), Mi Goreng(totally reminded me of living in Indonesia), and beef/chicken skewers (wow! ). OH! yes! you HAVE to try the Coconut Pudding: it comes in a real , fresh, coconut. it is not too sweet, just coconut water with gelatin! Thank you so much , Island Malaysia.. i have found my new food obsession.
4	Neither of us have had Malaysian food before, since we had a groupon,  we gave it a go.  We are very happy we did.  The food was absolutely delicious.  I ordered char kway teow.  My husband mee geong (sp).  And we also had curry puffs for appetizers and mango and sticky rice for dessert.   The place was very clean.  Service was great.  And the amount of food you get for the price is amazing.  We will definitely be back even without a groupon.
5	Soooo good
4	This is one of my fav place when in Vegas and don't feel like waiting for the long buffett lines...Do yourself a favor and order the SAMBAL PETAI, which is STINKY BEAN in chilli sauce....it really rocks and super delicious, just be aware that this may not be a good first date dish or 2nd or 3rd date for that matter...for obvious reason, but it's worth the risk since it's so delish, and only very few places in US even dare to serve anything with stinky beanThis dish alone is a solid 4 STAR ****Note: this place is on the 2nd floor of the strip mall
5	Food is great and the servers are fast and friendly!  :) I ordered the beef and chicken satay and asam laksa and char keoy teow! So yummy! One downside was the roti canai wasn't from scratch, but the curry was still good! Rarely can I find a Malaysian Restaurant that actually has authentically tasting food.  I usually have to fly back to Malaysia to find the food! This was worth it! I shall definitely go back again :)! Support them! You won't regret it!
4	This restaurant is my first experience with Malaysian food.  I really enjoyed it and have been back many times since. The beef satay is one of the best things I've tasted in Chinatown. This is family owned and they are the employees.  I LOVE supporting family owned businesses, especially when the family is actually there working!PROS: The menu has a picture for EVERY item listed.             Homemade Green Curry              Lo Mee ~ noodles in homemade soy sauce, topped with chicken & mushrooms             Hokkien Char Mee             Roti canai             ***The COCONUT PUDDING**** Served INSIDE a coconut ~ ice cold!! CONS: Could use music or something atmospheric.They also have really cool lighting fixtures if you happen to look up.  Located in the Asian Pacific shopping plaza ~ on the 2nd level
5	We saw the post on Facebook that they've obtained the HALAL Certificate hence we're there today. Mum loves halal food so she appreciates everything that we ordered today. We had satay, pasembur, curry puffs, mee goreng mamak & pandan Chicken. Teh Tarik for drinks.I will update the pics. It was delicious. We're originally from Singapore & of course we love Malaysian Cuisines.  We've been here since 2001 & has patronized this restaurant since the opening back then.  We would like to say thanks for being awesome as always, Tess (Our Server) & Steven (Our Chef). :-)PS: Don't forget to YELP because you'll get a free roti canai for now.Halal - Halal is an Arabic word meaning "lawful" or "permissible." Halal foods are foods that Muslims are allowed to eat or drink under Islamic Shariah. The criteria specify both what foods are allowed, and how the food must be prepared. The foods addressed are mostly types of meat and animal tissue. The most common example of non-halal (or haraam) food is pork. While pork is the only meat that cannot be eaten by Muslims at all (due to perceived hygienic concerns), foods other than pork can also be haraam. The criteria for non-pork items include its source, the cause of the animal's death, and how it was processed. - From WIKIPEDIA
4	Fantastic and authentic Malaysian food. The food and the decor were reminiscent of a fabulous beachside restaurant I visited several years ago in Penang. My friend and I visited Island after a $300 dinner the night before at a hip Vegas strip restaurant. This was the perfect antidote to the overblown, hype-cycle arms race of Vegas dining. Super casual atmosphere in a funky Asian strip mall. The Roti canal was light and crispy. The Mee gorang was a spicy delight. Only disappointment was that they had run out of coconut pudding for desert. If you want a delicious break from the Vegas hurley burley, head for the Island!
5	OMG! Did this place hit the spot or what! Here in Vegas for 4 days - definitely have to go back again during this short visit. Portions are huge, prices are insanely low, food is delectable! If you haven't tried Malaysian food before, you're in for a treat! Everything we tried was surreal! Service was fantastic!
4	This restaurant is located on the second floor of the Asian Pacific shopping plaza on Spring Mountain Road.  We started off with an appetizer of curry puffs, pastry shells filled with a mixture of curry chicken and potatoes.  These proved to be delicious but a little too heavy.  We also shared entrees of beef rendang (slow cooked beef in a paste of ground spices and coconut milk) and hokkien char mee (fried noodles in a fragrant gravy). The rendang was fork tender with an undertone of sweetness without being overpoweringly so.  Both dishes titillated our taste buds and I am looking forward to a revisit.
4	WHAT USE TO BE NAMED PENANGWe thought the decor was familiar, just not the name of Island Malaysian Cuisine of this upper floor restaurant adjacent  to Hue Thai and above SF Market.  Following our dinner, I had asked our server (originally from Gwangju) who was the chef?  He mentioned that the restaurant was sold several years ago and back then the restaurant was aka Penang. Chef is Malaysian and so is the current owner.Malaysian cuisine a blend of SE Asia and Indian cuisine is a favorite of mine. However it's been a long time since Layang Layang of West San Jose, CA and Houston's Banana Leaf which I consider as one of the best Malaysian restaurants in the states.Following our late afternoon hair salon appointment, we wanted a taste of curry and proceeded to Cafe de Japon which apparently is no longer in business. Island Malaysian Cuisine had been bookmarked for sometime so now is the perfect excuse to check it out.Looking around, this restaurant is set up to also be a social house with equipment for live music, plus games for all genders. Not sure it's for the enjoyment of the employees or patrons.  Would have to assume for both.The menu is presented along with a binder of photos of every item in the menu. Makes it convenient and a simple process to decide what to order. To take care of our curry appetite we ordered the Roti Canai as a starter which is a favorite amongst Malaysians and Indians. Next item is the Mee Goreng an Indian style stir fried noodles sauteed in dried squid sauce, tofu, potatoes, shrimp, egg along with bean sprouts. For meat, we ordered Ayam Rendang which is chicken legs cooked in low heat with lemon grass, chili peppers then simmered in thick rich curry which further satisfies our curry quest.  Lastly, some veggie since we're staying away from rice, it's Kang Kung with garlic which is sauteed Convolus (pea pods) with of course fresh garlic.What's the verdict ?  We left no hint that there was ever food on our table.  It was actually very good and far less occidental than Layang Layang of West San Jose. Unfortunately, it's not come close to Houston's Banana Leaf.  Just giving you my honest opinion.
5	The server Tress is the best ...food is awesome try roti canai is the bomb order sizzling beef n mixed vegetables.....I love this place totally recommend
5	The restaurant is nicely decorated and clean. I love every dish that we ordered.  My most favorite dish is ipoh.  I could eat that every day.  The satay is perfectly flavored that the accompanied dipping sauce actually reduces its tastiness.  Mee goreng is so amazingly cooked that every ingredient blends so well together.  I defintely come back here again if i am in the mood for malaysian cuisine.
4	Monkey a sucker for Roti Canai!  Something about pancake and curry...  One random review drew Monkey in immediately.  Short on time, though not far from work, never been there, a chance to review....  ended up grubbin' fast, taking a second entree to go and getting in just in time.  Relaxing island decor with a large mural covering one wall, karaoke set up and plenty of large tables to accommodate several plates.  Must return to savor and enjoy a curry dish!  Noodles on the shiny/oily side and not too salty, so still good stuff.ROTI CANAI - must have appetizerBEEF CHOW FUN - got this to go and hit the spot!  thin, tender strips of beefFRIED PEARL NOODLES - great noodles and sprouts with shrimp & chickenLocated on second floor, shared parking lot with a jillion other restaurants and retailers.  Parking garage also available.  Great service, even during the shift change.  Very nice.  Monkey shall return to try other dishes!
4	tried Malaysian food for the first time and it was really good .ordered the roti canai  3.75 $ , basil noodle 7.95 $ and seafood pepper 14.95 $everything was delicious . the portions were generous and the flavor very good . will be back to try more things
4	I am all about Island Malaysian Cuisine's Roti Canai!  Their best app, it is a red curry of deeply developed flavor and it comes with an Indian style pancake.  This is a 5 star app for me, super tasty and spot-on!  The rest of the menu is a strong 3 or weak 4 stars.They have a full picture menu for those of us that don't regularly dine on Malaysian food.   So, as you may have guessed I come here for the Roti Canai.  It is an individual appetizer, and at around $4 it is a great deal...but they also usually have a buy on get one free with a Yelp Check-in!  While you could order several of these for you meal, I typically order something else.  After their Roti Canai, I suggest some of their rice dishes.  The Pineapple Fried Rice, BBQ Pork fried rice, and Mango Sticky Rice are all real solid. Did I mention that I come her for the Roti Canai?...I have tried a few noodle dishes with an A-OK response on my part...I would order them again to fill up on...haven't had anything bad, but nothing great either.
4	After walking 6 Vegas-style mega blocks, I was in no mood for below par Malaysian food.   The menu was very impressive with descriptions and photos. Then, I saw my favorite - Penang Assam Laksa. When I placed my order I proceeded to quiz the server if it is really the "real" Assam laksa, and I placed the emphasis on "real".  I told him I'm from Malaysia and I'm very critical about the taste.   He said "Yes, the cook is from Penang, and it is the real thing."  Awesome!And...(Drum roll)...he wasn't lying!  Lol!  It was Assam laksa like I know it. OMGoodness!  My taste buds are doing the happy dance, a very happy dance. We also ordered sambal udang, kacang Pendek and chendol dessert.  And they were all really really good.  The 6-mega size blocks to get here was worth it!!!  Thank you.
4	Smell great as we come to the restaurant ... It is true enough that the food is truly Malaysian food ... I was told that the chef is from Malaysia (Penang).I came twice consecutive lunch when visiting Vegas. Love it !Roti Canai = GreatRojak = Very good (could taste and smell the "shrimpy" sauce")Curry Puff = Great, very authenticCha Keow Tiao = Great, we ate 3 plates...Fried Rice = GoodSambal Sotong = GreatPenang Laksa = Very goodBeef Rendang = Great, taste like truly Malaysian/Indonesian rendang
4	Not knowing where to eat since Lotus of Siam was closed we immediately went to Yelp to look for a place.  After lots of going back and forth Island Malay won out and it was well worth it.  The waitress didn't look chinese but spoke cantonese which was a plus.Good:Roti Canai - in the past i've had this served with a thicker curry but it was still goodchar kway teow - a flat noodle which was goodLaksa  - first time having it so I dont have much to compare to but it was good.Kang Kung VeggiesJust okay:Beef Rendang - beef was tender but wanted more developed flavors
5	The best Malaysian/Singaporean dishes. Our favorite is the Kacung Belachan, Beef Rendang and Curry Fishhead. Absolutely worth it. Dessert to go for is Mango Pudding with Ice Cream.
5	My wife and I loved this restaurant, the coconut chilled desert was great. Service was good and very friendly. Prices were reasonable, and the restaurant was clean and smelled good. We look forward to returning!
5	I would give it a 9 out of 10 honestly its not my food preference but The food is good overall. I love the coffeeFor a first timer it tastes like indian and chinese fusion. The flavors arent overwhelming thoughI recommend if you want to try something new.
5	I really enjoyed this restaurant and neglected to give it a review up until I saw a Groupon for this place, and it harkened me back to the great roti night.Long story short, I have a friend who is from Guyana and every time we go to an Indian place he comments that it's not real roti.  There's always a problem-- too thick, too thin, too sweet, too dry.  It's like a Goldie Locks thing.  After trying another place, I suggested here due to Yelp review.  I got a look when I said Spring Mountain followed by Malaysian, but he was willing to try.We got there 30 minutes before they closed, and they didn't seem to mind at all.  We immediately ordered the roti canai.  I thought it was great, and he thought that it is the closest that he had had in a very long time.  After ordering a second one and explaining to the waitress what was going on, she told her husband the cook.  He came out of the kitchen and chatted with us for a bit and said that it's one of those foods that your family may make slightly different than his.  We asked them for a food suggestion for an entry, and we got some kind of a hybrid between the chili chicken and the mango chicken.  Good stuff!  They even let us order mango sticky rice before we left.There was another group still there, and while being there after close, they really didn't seem to care.  When we left they gave us a red envelop because it was Chinese New Year.  It had a coupon, but the gesture was a nice touch.  Very nice people at the restaurant.  I will be back.
4	A friend take me here today along with groupon ad.  This is my first experience with Malaysia food. Good thing they had a book that keeps all the dishes with actual picture! :) that helps a lot. So we pick the stuff roti which kinda tasted like breakfast egg pancake but with Malaysia curry. The on choi with shrimp paste was sting and strong, we liked. The steam fish was on the okay side...  They offer steam rice, chicken oil rice, and coconut rice. We tried chicken and coconut flavor. I couldn't till the coconut flavor but overall the service was attentive. We'll be back!
3	The decor is reflective of The Malaysian tropics, island style. Wood accents throughout entire restaurant along with a foosball and pool table in the back. It's a warm casual ambience, laid back. All the employees are friendly and appear joyful which elevates the mood of the diners as well. The dishes lacked flavor and were average. The "Roti Canai" and curry items on the menu I believe were the standout stars! I didn't get the chance to try their whole fish or seafood items so I guess I have to come back! The stir fried noodles I ordered lacked flavor, I had to add more soy sauce. Overall, the menu has abundance of seafood items in which I hope I get to try later on.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas!  Favorites menu items include: Roti CanaiChar Kway TeowLamb Rendang
5	You guys should come in this restaurant. They have very delicious food in town. Very very good, Love it.
4	01 Jun 2014, 07:30pHubby and I came here with a friend after I found it on Yelp.  The restaurant is located on the second floor of a fairly large strip center.  There were probably 3 or 4 parties present when we arrived and as those left, new ones arrived.  The restaurant appeared to do a good amount of business.After perusing the menu and the accompanying photo album, I ordered the following for the table:Roti CanaiMee GorengChilli ChickenDeep Fried Eggplant w/Dried Shrimp & GarlicCoconut Flavor RiceSteamed White RiceMango Sticky RiceOur friend ordered wine and hubby ordered a Tiger Beer which was described as slightly stronger than a Heineken.  The wine was not to our friend's liking, so I'm guessing if you're one who regularly drinks wine, this is not the place to order it as they only serve one brand, I believe.  Hubby enjoyed the beer, though, and since he ordered a large, he shared some of it with our friend.I ordered the Roti Canai based on Yelp reviews not really knowing what to expect.  The tortilla/naan was very good as was the dipping "sauce"?  There were a few pieces of potato and a small piece of chicken w/lots of bones in the bowl with the sauce.  I'm not sure if we were supposed to just dip the bread in the sauce or actually put the potato and chicken in the bread and wrap it up like a burrito.  Regardless, the bones in the chicken made that a little difficult so we ended up just dipping.  The sauce was quite tasty!  Note, this appetizer really isn't large enough to share.The Mee Goreng was different than what I had had before, but it was very good.  It was weird to get some potato in that, also, but the flavors and different textures all meshed well together.  The noodles seemed different from what I had had before, but it's been so long that I can't even remember what it's supposed to be like.  Regardless, it was good.  This was our friend's favorite dish of the dinner.The Deep Fried Eggplant wDried Shrimp & Garlic arrived next and this dish was also very flavorful.  There was a large amount of eggplant and it was fried just enough to be crispy on the outside, but still silky smooth on the inside.  Flavors were fantastic and the dried shrimp added a bit of a crunchy texture, too.The Chilli Chicken was by far my favorite entree of the dinner.  At first taste, the chicken was a bit dry, but it tasted really good.  The heat doesn't hit immediately and the initial flavor sort of dovetailed into the heat.  Hard to describe, but the complexities to get this flavor would be difficult to reproduce (which hubby is going to try!).The Coconut Flavor Rice was not very exciting in my opinion.  The coconut flavor was so subtle that I didn't really even taste it with all the other flavors going on.  Also, it's difficult to share two bowls of rice amongst three people when you're just given plates and chopsticks.  Forks or extra bowls need to be requested.For dessert, I wanted to try the mango sticky rice.  I asked if they had good mangoes and they said they weren't too sweet nor too sour.  The should have been a sign right there.  It was not good.  The rice wasn't bad, but the coconut milk was a bit watery and the mango was not ripe.  Lesson learned.  Maybe next time I'll try the shave-ice concoction.I'd come back and try different dishes at this restaurant.  I know a few to avoid already, but there are also a few I'd definitely order again.  Staff was friendly and attentive, although I think sometimes had a problem understanding our questions due to the language barrier.  Very reasonably-priced, too!
5	We really enjoyed our dinner. We ordered Seafood noodle and Deep fried fish with Island special sauce. It was delicious. Great service, too!
4	My friend suggested this place since I don't eat Malaysian food often. I love their cereal prawn dish, roti, beef curry, coconut rice, and steamed chicken dishes.  Don't expect alot of service since there isnt many people working, but when they do get to you,  they are very nice.
4	Delightful! I had the wanton soup and it was a pretty big serving. They have a large menu and a picture binder to go along with it. I also had a wonderful ice coffee with vanilla ice cream added to it. I'll be going there again today if I can talk my boyfriend into it. :)
4	The restaurant is located on Spring Mountain in the Pacific Asian Plaza, in the same shopping center as the smaller SF supermarket, Yosi Vapor, and upstairs next to the Hue Thai Vietnamese restaurant. The ambiance is classy casual. They had dim romantic lighting with a quirky island theme all around - there's a huge tropical mural on the wall and the door to the bathroom says "nature calls". Also, there were only 2 servers (no hostess) on the entire floor that night, so they were busy running around all over tending the tables, but we felt that service was still efficient and friendly. Here's what we ordered:1. Roti Canai $3.75: Crispy Indian style pancake with a potato curry and chicken dipping sauce - The roti bread was large, fresh and delicate, crispy yet soft, and lightly sweetened. It was a great vessel for the flavorful chicken and potato curry. Our biggest complaint was the curry was such a teeny tiny portion (a wee amount of curry and one tiny piece of chicken and 1 small potato) - we were fighting each other for the last bites! 4/52. Char kway teow $7.95: Penang's famous stir fired flat rice noodles with shrimp, squid, eggs, chives and bean sprouts in a spicy black soya chili sauce - Beautiful presentation. They served it up in a mini wok perfect size for 2 (looks way bigger in pictures). It tasted like a better version of basic Chinese chow fun noodles, with a little more flavor. They cooked everything expertly and I especially loved how they put extra eggs in the dish. That's my favorite part! Not a flavor explosion, but an overall well executed dish. 5/53. Ayam rendang (curry chicken) $11.95 - We took a shot in the dark with this dish. I've had rendang curry before, just not this style of preparation. The chicken pieces were roughly chopped with all bone still in tact. Although the chicken was moist, we both wished they did a cleaner job with butchering the chicken. There were many small and dangerous shards of bone that were almost swallowed throughout our dinner. Also the curry was rich and thick, but very flat in flavor. This wasn't a favorite dish that night. 1/54. The coconut rice ($1 a bowl) was very aromatic and fragrant. I would recommend that rice with any of your curries or entrees. 5/5
1	I don't care if the food here is made of solid gold, the owner/manager has ZERO customer service skills. I've now spent $20 on two different Groupons to try to eat here with a discount. Please note that no one is forcing this restaurant to do business with Groupon, it is their choice.First experience: Came in to use my deal and there was a large group already dining. Server ignored me for several minutes, then said they would be unable to help me with my food for nearly an hour because the large party had just ordered a lot of food. How unprofessional. I left, and Groupon refunded my purchase with apologies.Second experience: Went in today to order takeout, placed order for $30 worth of food to meet their $10 credit card minimum for my remaining balance. Cashier refused to accept my Groupon, saying it's for dine-in only even though it doesn't state that in the fine print. Went back and forth, but she refuses to honor it saying it was Groupon's mistake- argued for several minutes and employee walked away. I assumed she went to get a manager but she walked back and then asked how she could help me, and when I asked to speak to a manager, she twirled around in a circle and then facetiously chirped at me again, HI, I'M MANAGER, HOW CAN I HELP YOU?Manager straight up told me to call Groupon customer service for a refund because she wasn't going to accept it and walked away again, turning away my business. Thoroughly unprofessional.
5	Roti Canai, Coconut and Litchi drink ..love this place waitress was very friendly explained me menu and recommended based on my preference , it was really good . She was defiantly right and knew her menu well . She did not bs us she was honest which made it worth going there , love this place and would recommend it to anyone visiting or local to try it out
5	I absolutely love the food here. They have the best chicken rice around, beef rendang good, love the Kari mee. Service is decent, the place is definitely not very fancy but you aren't going there for the ambiance. The prices are very reasonable.
3	Food was bland. The waiter was nice but the owner was not friendly at all. When u have bad service, u better have great food to make up for it. But the food was ok.
5	When you name your reataurant after a country, you'd better have what it takes to have food that is authentic and not simply recipes followed off the internet. I am proud to say that Island Malaysian has done it.The food here is truly awesome and authentic, being born and raised just a stone throw away from malaysia, i must say that the food herr truly reminds me of home. If you're homesick, just pop by this restaurant and you will be pleasently surprised by just how tasty their food is. I have tried quite a number of dishes on their menu, namely the Fried Hokkien Mee, Chicken Rice, Nasi Lemak and a couple of their meat dishes and they are truly delicious and i commend them on sparing no effort in making them taste like home. Sedap !
4	I liked this place.  The food reminded me of Thai cuisine with it's curries and tropical influences. Met a group of about 10 friends, and everyone ordered different items that we all ended up sharing.  There was a giant Lazy-Susan in the middle, which made it easy to share. I ordered the first item on the menu, which was the Roti Canai.  It's a thin pancake accompanied by a small bowl of a curry, coconut broth for dipping. It was a little spicy too, which I loved. Then I ordered the first dish in the noodle section called Char Kway Teow. This actually turned out to be my favorite dish of all the dishes I tried. I don't know all the names, but on the table were a couple of curries, a beef and a chicken, some chicken feet and noodles, a duck noodle soup, basil chicken, a shrimp dish with way too many onions, sizzling beef, and another Char noodle dish. I liked all the dishes, but was lucky enough to have chosen my two favorite. Oh yeah, and the prices were super cheap too!!
4	Good food :) reasonable prices...will go again
2	I gave them a two star only because I like the rad na bread and sauce ..the food was way too pricy considering the pineapple fried rice wasn't that good... It was okay but probably won't be coming back...
5	I love the food here. When I'm craving Malaysian/Chinese food this is where I go.  So far I've tried the curry ayam, curry puff and the char kway teow. . Curry ayam is a yellow curry with chicken and potatoes. It tastes great with their coconut rice. It's hard to find good char kway teow because a lot of places don't have a properly seasoned wok. You can tell that this place does.  I've been to Malaysia and the noodles taste just like once I've tried there. So delicious. I definitely recommend.
4	I have been looking for a good Jamaican restaurant in Las Vegas. I'm not saying that this is just like Jamaican food but there was something within this food I was looking for. After watching a food show that traveled to Malaysia I wanted to try. This place filler the hunger. The staff was very attentive and the food was great. I love asian and Indian food and this is a great mix.
5	Malaysian cuisine is a mix of Chinese and Indian flavors with no one overpowering the other. In my opinion it's a very welcoming cuisine to try, the flavors are mild and it balances spice, sweet, and vinegar really well. Now that I've convinced you to try Malaysian food you want to what to order right. I can't say these are the best dishes the country has to offer but here are some of my favorites. Roti Kanai: Its not Indian style naan nor is it West Indian Roti. It's Malaysian style; crispy and flaky served with a small bowl of curry chicken. The curry is mild in flavor but delicious. Beef Rendang: It reminds me of stewed curry beef maybe that's what Rendang means, there is way more flavor in the beef version of this dish than the chicken. Chili Chicken: This is a dry chicken dish. No, the chicken isn't dry it's just not in sauce. Its crispy and has a sweet and spicy flavor to it. I enjoy the majority of the rice and noodle dishes there, the stand out ones include the noodles served in a wok at the table and the basil and pineapple fried rice. I recommend trying this place and then driving across the street for some Taiwanese shaved ice. You're welcome.
5	Wow! Who knew Vegas had Malaysian food. We had been craving it and the Roti Canai and Rendangs satisfied those cravings. Very friendly service.
1	My husband and I both got food poisoning from eating here. What a horrible experience. We both had to go to the doctor. It is four days later and we are still sick as a dog. We did not eat out any where before for 72 hours. We both shared the same dish. The doctor said they are probably reheating the same dish over and over, and thus making people sick.
5	By Far, my favorite curry noodle soup.  Great flavor and service too! My also try the fish with chili sauce!
5	This is one authentic Malaysian restaurant. I know the food well because I grow up eating it. They make it just like back in Malaysia. The decor is nice too. Good and fast service. Price is reasonable. I highly recommend to all who wants to try an authentic Malaysian Cuisine.
4	Came here for a business lunch & the food was great! Never knew this place existed. Plenty of seating too.
5	It was my first time trying Malaysian food. It was a while back and I want to go back. They have so many dishes I want to try. I had Nasi lemak which is rice with coconut milk and it is served with fried anchovies in a chilli paste, sliced cucumber and hard boiled eggs.  I believe the rendang is chicken in a curry sauce. I don't remember what else I had but they were good. The service was good. There was a pool table that you can play for free as well. I had a nice time.
2	Very disappointing. We had the roti canai, curry beef stew, and hainan chicken. The roti was not very crispy at all. Curry beef stew was served in a bowl of curry that was liquidity and lacked flavor. Hainan chicken was just boiled chicken with soy sauce (it's typically cooked in a flavored broth). The rice that it came with was bland and lacked the usual flavor. I've had Malaysian in both the east and west coast. This was not even close. If this is the best that Las Vegas has, then I feel sorry for you guys.
3	It's lovely to find malaysian cuisine abroad..flavours were great n authentic.However, service was horribly slow ( got our food after 45 mins)...only 1 waiter serving the whole place n preparing drinks.This place is not vegetarian friendly at all...the server did not understand vegetarian n could not customize any dishes.
1	Rude waiters,  not welcoming.  Food is definitely not authentic.  Cook and staff are Chinese from China. How is that a Malaysian restaurant? ?? Smh. Tried to cheat us on a take out meal, not going to play that game.
4	Was there for dinner takeout. Got Roti canai, coconut fried rice and egg roti.Coconut fried rice was pretty awesome.Egg and Roti canai was good.It was a nice break from traditional cuisine and we truly loved it.
