1	I bought a package deal that had tanning sessions for when I choose to use them back  2011 and I got pregnant. In the time frame I was pregnant the company, Planet Beach, got bought out by Tangibles. I went in to use my sessions and was told by the new manger my sessions expired. I told him I was pregnant durning this time and was unable to use the sessions. He said there was nothing he could do and I should of called and said I was pregnant. First off I had no clue my sessions that I bought individually had an expiration date and two it's not like I just didn't tan durning this time, I couldn't, I WAS PREGNANT! To me this is horrible and I will NEVER use this business again! I didn't pay $200 plus dollars to just throw it away and if I knew that I was going to get pregnant I would of not bought any tanning sessions. What did they expect me to tan with my baby in my body?!? Horrible, just horrible!! Do NOT USE THIS COMPANY. THEY DON'T HAVE GOOD CUSTOMER SERVICE!!
1	Tangible used to be PB. They haven't changed anything except the paint and they added a red light booth. The people who work there are missing a few elements of customer service. Been in a few times now since the switch and they are always rude, and act like I'm bothering them. They didn't explain the "buy out" well for us with contracts with PB either. They bought all the contracts from PB and won't switch them  to another location. That and the price increased!  You call with a question or a billing problem and they can't help you and say that their billing is always right.  It's expensive(+$50), the staff are all rude, and half the time there are no towels in the rooms and the beds have lotion from someone else which has not been wiped off. Hi herpes... SO GROSS. They don't wipe off the edge of the beds where everyone grabs to get out!Thank goodness summer is here and I can get some rays outside. I only go here in the winter so I'm not so translucent and vampire looking. I'll be looking for a new location this fall/winter.
5	I love this place! The employees are so nice and the spray tans are awesome! Mystic is the only way to spray tan!
1	They have painted the interior since I was in last making it look nicer but there are no new beds. I was going to try them out again(I know - why go back, I should know better) but the only stand up booth had a line and there was lotion all of the front door handle(inside and out) and the floor looked to also have lotion on it!  Not sure how long the lotion was there for but either way it's gross and dangerous. The boy used to go here but cancelled his membership and he was told that he had to come back when a manager was there. Thankfully he asked for the form that he would have to come back and sign and got that taken care of. The receptionist advised the manager would call him to confirm the cancellation and the date being effective and never heard back. They cancelled it but didn't bother to do what they said they would. He also had been going there for years and had one of their super cheap rates from the days of PB. They didn't care at all about him cancelling but when I tried to cancel they tried everything to get me to stay... probably because I was a sucker and was paying twice as much. Done and Done.  No customer care, not clean(still) and bad business conduct.
5	Bought a groupon for unlimited services. Felt pampered trying out all there equipment much more than a tanning salon. Had a spa day blast. Owner was super friendly too.
5	I love this place!!!  I am a hard customer to please...Tangible Tanning Salon is super sassy, fun atmosphere.  I have sprayed tan in several locations through out The Valley and this is by far the best spray tan I have ever had.  I am on day 4 and it looks just as golden and fresh as it did the 1st day.  This place is more then just a tanning salon its truly like a spa experience.  The staff is knowledgable and the offered services are so much more then just a tanning salon.  The prices are very competitive too.  I really can not say enough of how awesome this place really is.
5	The beds are big and always clean! Very friendly staff. Eddie remembered my name after just one visit! Easy to get in and out! Great deals too!
5	I'm pretty particular about tanning salons, and I admit that I love this place! I used to go to a planet beach in ca, and it was my favorite until I found this one. Turns out, it used to be a planet beach. It's a tanning salon with a few spa like extras. There's also a personal 'sauna pod' called hydration station, mystic tan booth, red light therapy booth, and even a little oxygen bar.I'm hooked on the red light therapy, and recommend anyone who has skin problems to do some research on it. I have some skin damage and discoloration from too much sun, I am noticing a difference in results after every visit!I've been using a tanning bed on and off for 10 years, gasp! And now thinking it's time to cut that out. Mystic is the way to go, and I've used dozens of different kinds, this has been my favorite next to a personal airbrush tan. They give you 'sticky feet' to keep the soles of your feet from getting orange, and an easier dispenser for barrier cream. Genius! The solution isn't the crappy generic kind that I've had at other places. They also provide robes so you don't have to keep dressing between rooms. It was mostly the location and value that brought me here, but it's the attention to detail, and awesome service from Michaela that will keep me coming back. It's a nice place to relax for a minute between hustle and bustle busy days. They have a no contract eft program that I recommend!
5	I love this place.   I am new to this indoor tanning thing and I have to say Britney was the best help ever.  She is very knowledgable and gave great advise.  Great customer service.  I will keep coming back.  Thank you for making me feel comfortable.  The atmosphere is clean.  Great hours.  Awesome prices.   Great products.  Thank you again.
1	ABSOLUTELY NOT. How can a place go from $39 to $79 in the matter of months?! Same equipment, nothing more added or special. WHAT A RIP OFF. NO WAY!  I will find somewhere else. I recommend looking else where.** It would have been nice to know the price was going to increase so drastically. I do not use the tanning beds just mystic, so for it to be so much is crazy.
5	Couldn't ask for a better tanning experience. My girlfriend and I go here pretty regularly and are always pleasantly surprised each time. Clean beds, great staff, and truly affordable.
4	Used a Groupon to start, but never thought I would like it this much. Will continue to visit after. Friendly staff and the hydration station is good to "cheat" a little water weight off. They have an oxygen bar with aromatherapy too. Kinda surprised more people don't use it. I'm using it as I type this now. Gives you a good little boost feeling like an extra shot of espresso.
1	The facility was clean but Im dissappointed in the customer service. I bought a living social voucher and when I tried to use the 3rd of my spray on tans within the 30 days they were closed early due to an issue and I was unable to use it. I went back a cpl weeks later because I couldnt get there sooner and explained what happen and the girl working would not let me use the 3rd tan. I did speak to the manager and he offerded a half off tan but to me its poor customer service to not honer 1 spray on tan when they know they were closed during posted business hours. I live far so to go there twice and not be able to use that final tan was a waste of my time and gas and I have no desire to spend money where the customer doesnt come first. I am waiting for a responce from living social on a partial refund..If you buy a voucher make sure you read the fine print and verify the terms. 39$ for 30 days of red light therapy + 3 spray on tans and botton of voucher says promotional value expires in Dec didnt sound like I had to use all 3 spary ons in 30 days.
