1	Horrible customer service! I was basically ignored for 10 minutes while I looked around, it's a small store, by some simpleton, butterfly knife spinning, white trash dipshit behind the counter until I asked to look at some Benchmade knives. He never asked me any questions as to how I was doing, if he could help with a knife purchase, anything! I will never go back to this store and will suggest that no one I know does.They actually had the knife I wanted but because the customer service was so horrible I'll be ordering off of the internet instead.
1	I try to support small businesses when I can. This place is overpriced compared to the internet... but you get to hold the knives before purchase which would be good except for the following....Whatever you do don't let them sharpen your knives... I left a Benchmade 553 tanto and got back a spey point (look it up).  As he was giving me back my knife he was carrying on some tirade about how tanto grinds are fake "americanized" and B*S* popularized by cold steel blah blah blah. I looked at my knife and said "What is this?" His response was actually "So did I F* up your knife enough?" I can only imagine he sharpened my blade drunk.So basically if you want to pay too much or have one of your personal knives trashed this is the best store in town.
3	The other reviewers are correct in saying that if you are looking for bargain basement prices, this isn't the place to go.They do have a nice selection of stock, though.  Unlike the other reviewers, I didn't have any problems with the staff.  They seem quite knowledgeable.   They also didn't seem to want to push any crap or junk onto me.  In fact, the salesman I dealt with actually told me not to buy several things.  And he has done this on more than one visit.  The woman who I am pretty sure owns the place has always been polite and helpful when dealing with me, too.I should add the place is a little unorganized with merchandise kind of all over the place, but that didn't really bother me.  The salesman knew where the knives I asked for were.For me, the only serious downside is their pricing.  But, a lot of knives seem to be going for pretty much the same street price where ever you go, so why not go here?
4	Very interesting owner with a lot of history. Stop in and look around, there is a vast selection.
4	I thought this place was great! The service wasn't horrible at all- although I could tell they definitely keep a watchful eye for shoplifters, which could feel insulting. But hey, you gotta do what you gotta do!I went in here on a whim and just to kill some time, and walked out having found two perfect keychains that I would never have thought they would carry. The (I think) owner was pretty warm and helpful and even recommended another local business to me.There are tons of products in this store! It can be a little overwhelming, but you'll more than likely find what you're looking for.
5	Very nice and knowledgeable workers. No complaints. I definitely will visit when in vegas again.
5	I have purchased 2 benchmade knives from here already this week. Great store with a huge selection. You can find most of these products a bit cheaper online but you get to handle the items here and I like supporting local business. Staff is friendly and they have a lot of hard to find knives that you won't find in any other store in vegas.
1	Awful customer service.  Went in with my brother and his sons looking for a pocket knife for my nephew who is in the boy scouts.  When we entered some guy who looks like he's been on meth for the last ten years asked us what we were looking for.  When we told him we were looking to buy my nephew his first knife for scouts, he proceeded to bad mouth the scouts in front of my nephew, calling them "pussies."  ...classy... When i asked to look at some drop point knives, my brother (who isn't all that knife savvy) asked the guy what that meant.  He then told my brother that it meant the blade was shaped like a spear.  ... The guy works in a knife shop and doesn't know the difference between a drop point and a spear point???  The whole experience was pretty much like that.  We'd ask a question and Mr. Crackhead counter boy would give us an incorrect answer as rudely as he possibly could.I will concede that they do have a decent selection of knives, including benchmade, al mar and spyderco. But their prices are way high.  You could probably save 25-50% buying online and have the added benefit of not having to go through the whole ghetto experience.So, unless you're willing to pay exorbitant prices because you can't wait and you like dealing with someone who has no idea of what he's talking about, stay away.
