3	The soft Ice Cream is very good; however they are not consistent on the quantity of what you get for your money. Don't go though the drive though just after school lets out, the children love to chat at the window.
4	The Mocha Moolatte is just about the best thing I've ever tasted and on Mondays they are only $1.99 compared to like $4.50 the rest of the week.   I might have to agree with the other reviewer about the quantity.  My friend ordered a chicken strip basket and it came out to about 8 dollars and it looked like a kid size portion.  The chicken strips were TINY.  My friend said she didn't want it and the manager was pretty rude about it. The rest of the staff is really nice though.  :)
4	Dairy Queen has been around longer than I can remember, serving up a plethora of sweet stuff and appetizing food alike. This Dairy Queen, Warm Springs/Arroyo Grande, is one of the ones that has the full menu, and isn't an "express" location like so many others. Many locations around town only offer an abbreviated menu, including the Boulder City location. Something to keep in mind. If you want a meal, make sure you're going to a location with the full menu.The roster of sweet stuff is what made Dairy Queen stand out to begin with. The legendary Blizzard is a thick shake that has become the stuff of legend, and is available in TONS of varieties. There are also slushes, shakes, sundaes, cones, the list goes on.Their "real" food isn't bad either. Their chicken fingers are easily among the better ones served at fast food places. Plus, they have a variety of sandwiches and burgers as well. A few minor complaints I have about this location:-The staff. Actually, most of them are very friendly, but I have had a few bad experiences. My order has been messed up before, and one time when dining in, my order was taken by someone who I (quite honestly) believe was mentally challenged - and I had to repeat the order several times.-The menu listed outside the building at the drive-thru does not have the complete list of Blizzards. Not a big deal, but there are other great flavors not listed there that are listed on posters inside the building.-Location. This is an extremely congested, hectic intersection and parking center, and when Green Valley High School lets out, it becomes Hell on Earth.-Prices. Good food, but more expensive than most fast food.But Dairy Queen has excellent food, and at the end of the day, I'll always be eating here despite my small quibbles. Definitely recommended.
4	So I am not a big Dairy Queen fan / eater...until I want a milkshake! Dairy Queen is one of the only places that still make shakes the old fashion way...with milk, ice cream and ext (strawberries are my poison of choice), not with chemicals and milk extract thingys. They are SO good. So, if your pregnant, or just eat like you do, and get a craving for some real, good time, old time milkshake to shake up your world.  Go to Dairy Queen and get hooked up. - Tell them Tanya sent you. (on second thought, don't , they won't know who you are talking about hahahahha)
5	This review is solely dedicated to the Blizzard treat.  I saw an ad on TV for the Triple Chocoholic Blizzard (while I was working out, of all times), and I couldn't get it out of my mind.  I went in and ordered the small size (to ease my guilty conscience)...and I daresay it lived up to its expectations.  Yum.I'm glad it's only a flavor of the month, otherwise I'd be coming back here for the rest of my life.
3	We actually stopped for a meal not the treats.  Burger is very good, if you only get icecream here you should try some of there hot eats!
3	I find it challenging to write a review when it comes to fast food, due to the fact the each experience is vastly different from each other. Since i have been to the dairy queen on warm springs/ arroyo grande quite a few times, I am confident on rating it a 3 of 5 stars.The blizzards, moolatas, etc are usually all very good. This last visit, my husband got a double cheese burger combo and i got a bacon cheese burger combo, regular size. The food was decent. We also got the new strawberry golden oreo blizzards, medium size. For the food and ice cream total for the two of us it was about $23. The one thing that bothers me is that they will not substitute the soda for a blizzard (not even for an extra charge).Biggest downfalls for this location are the service and the drive-thru design. Since i have been there a few times I can honestly say the service is not very good. It's rare to find extrodinary service in fast food, but my expectations are not very high to begin with. I have had a few orders messed up, but it is rare. What i mean by bad service is that it is noticably bad. The servers have very dry personalities and are very slow on service. As far as the drive-thru goes, it is hard to maneuver through. It's not horrible, but because traffic is bad there, it can be hard to get to.I would recommend this location for it's convenience, but dont have big expectations for service. If you want a tasty, satisfying cold treat, give it a try. Besides, fast food workers come and go. It will be different every visit.
4	Nurse, I need 50 cc's of Blizzard stat! This patient needs soft-serve . . . soft-serve so sugary sweet that it leaves a layer of crystals on the surface of the teeth.  Nurse, there's only one place that offers that level of sugar in a soft-serve.  We need some Dairy Queen.What?  What kind of topping?  Damn it, Nurse! I'm busy operating here.  M&Ms? Reese's peanut butter cups? Chocolate cookie dough?  Damn it, I don't have time for this debate.  This patient is suffering without that soft-serve.  What? Burger or chicken fingers? Are you crazy? Everything at DQ that doesn't involve ice cream is too greasy.  I said this man needs a Blizzard.Well done Nurse.  Just in time.  Thanks to this peanut butter cup Blizzard, the patient will survive.  Better remind the patient to brush his teeth before bed, though.
3	Blizzards make me happy. The signature ice cream dessert, not the winter storm. Like all other DQs, this location provides them, so by that fact alone, they make me happy.  However, I don't need a sour-faced 17 year old shoving it at me from the drive-thru window.  Not cool, kid, not cool.  I will take it that said 17 year old was having a bad day, so it's forgiven.  I'll still be back for a Blizzard (or several).
3	awhhh.. orange Julius was too liquidy! not enough ice cream!    the bathroom doesn't have toilet seat covers.    you need a key to access them.. btw.                   cashier wasn't the friendliest. but the store was clean and organizrd behind the counter.
2	I think 99% of America knows the menu at DA so I am basing the rating on service. Having a drive thru for ice cream and standard fast food is a novel idea IF the young kids working the drive thru actually paid attention to your order. The past four occasions I went thru the drive thru, my order was messed up. Before anyone passes judgement telling me to shorten my order, I'd like to add that it was one food item - ice cream. That's it. For example, peanut butter bash with twist ice cream. I received a peanut buster parfait with vanilla. Blizzard....twist ice cream, pb sauce, and oreos. I got heath bar pieces and caramel. Wtf!  The most recent experience, I was with my parents so there were 3 items total. As I was saying peanut butter baaaa....the girl interrupted me telling me my total. I had to ask if she was ready for the next two items I needed at which point a "Huh?" Came into the speaker. For real? Followed by a sighhhhhh. I'm sorry, did I mess up your system by YOU not giving me a chance to speak? Disrespectful. Btw, that was the mixup with the pb bash/peanut buster parfait.  Cold stone, and Rita's are great alternatives at this point.
2	It's DQ so it's only so much I can say about it. The food is OK but the staff can take a class or two in public hospitality.
3	Kinda sucky service. Good ice cream though. Decent non-ice cream menu as well.
3	It wasn't too bad. When my husband and I went they had closed off the inside so it was drive thru only. We wanted to go in, but whatever. We got our ice cream in a timely manner. Wasn't that great. Just typical drive thru ice cream. It was no thriftys that is for sure!
4	A quick treat...  yes please! I was in the mood for just a little bit of ice cream.  Dairy Queen was on the way home and it had been a while since my last visit.  The inside has totally been redone.  It looks great!  Very clean with new booths and tables.  Plus they have a child area with a little table and activities.  I was pleasantly surprised.They seem to do a good job with getting orders out quickly.  There was only one person in front of me so it didn't take long for my order to be completed.   I tried their new Peanut Butter Cup blizzard.  A small one is always more than enough for me.  It's creamy and plenty of the topping mixed in.  Sometimes that's all I need for my sweet tooth.
1	The cost of doing businessThis location has a restroom policy in place in which between 2-4 pm they do not let high schoolers use their restrooms even if they are paying customers.Their claim over vandalism, sex and drugs is absurd. The fact that they can't afford the costs is also absurd. If you own a Dairy Queen then this is the cost of doing business.
1	They do not allow high schoolers who are paying costumers use their restroom that is against health code and discrimination
1	I agree. I was not allowed the restroom but they did take my money. Don't come here if you are a high schooler
4	The remodel in here is nice. Theres an area for kids to sit & play and the space is better utilized. Its also updated. The service is a lot better since the remodel as well. They now deliver your order to your table for you, and with staff turnover theyve got much more customer service oriented staff now. Updated to four stars.
3	Customer service is not practiced at this location. We frequently grab a cool treat at night and so far have yet to encounter a friendly, helpful or polite staff member. It really is a shame to taint the ice cream which happens to always be delicious!
4	It's Dairy Queen-- smoothies w a boost protein or banana. I'm a single rider so I brought my bike inside--  they didn't say anything yet-- sshhhh. Kid food here but salads available too. Clean facilities and it's right before a 6% climb up warm springs. Cool off for 15 minute/ snack here then get back on the road.
4	The remodel in here is nice. Theres an area for kids to sit & play and the space is better utilized. Its also updated. The service is a lot better since the remodel as well. They now deliver your order to your table for you, and with staff turnover theyve got much more customer service oriented staff now. Updated to four stars.
1	Even though they are friendly at this location, nothing can make me give them a another star.  I order the chicken lunch special and it was terrible. First of all the box was big with only a lil inside... ok I get its going to be cheaper, but it was like I ordered a kids meal.. the piece of chicken were so small and prob equivalent to 1regular size chicken strip, what a jip!!!  The gravy taste like nothing,  really wishing I had some ranch for my dry overly breaded pieces of freezer burn chicken strips... This will surely be the last time I order for here, I will stick to their imitation ice cream when I am in the mood for a  artifical sugar high
