5	It took as 2.5 months to get an appointment but every childrens therapy we called that took our insurance had the same wait time. There must be more children needing therapy then there are therapist. We saw Ana for our first day evaluation with my 9 month old. He is typically grouchy with new people but he warmed up to Ana right away and let her maneuver him without any fuss. My husband and I really like the way she held him and positioned our baby. They have a ton of toys- toys my baby loved but I cant find anywhere!- to help work with them. The rooms have floor mats in which my baby could sit up on without touching the floor. And after our session she was sanitizing everything my baby touched so it feels good to know my baby will encounter less germs if toys and such are wiped down between patients. They do have a strict attendance policy but I can understand that. They are very busy and have a wait list 2 months long just to get in the door. Its very rude to cancel last minute or not show up at all. Other families could easily be booked in if they have enough advance notice. To Bunny G who said their policy sucks, it only sucks for people like yourself who cant be bothered to show up when scheduled. Grow up and be a responsible adult and it wont be a problem.
1	I called trying to get my child an appointment. However, they DON'T make 1st evaluation appointments. You HAVE to wait for a cancellation to be evaluated. WHY CAN'T I just make an appointment. It's that simple. We waited over 2 months meanwhile my child NEEDED therapy . Finally, after 2 months they call with less than 24 hour notice of an opening. Sorry, I have a disabled child SO I don't need any more complications in our life. NO thanks. This place is not worthy of 1 star because of the no appointment policy. If your that busy then schedule my 1st appointment a few months out. Not have me wait by the phone.
1	We had high hopes for this place based on a recommendation from a coworker and decent reviews but we were mistaken. We dealt with the fact that we had to wait for a cancellation to occur so that we can get our son in for an evaluation. We did this...everything was fine. We started therapy with Megan three times a week. Then Megan called out sick. No biggie...life happens. Then she calls out two more times in less than 30 days. So these were three speech therapy sessions that my son missed in less than a month's time...completely unacceptable in my book. We did get a couple of calls on days when our son wasn't scheduled for therapy..."Miss Megan has an opening" would you like to bring your son in for therapy? Of course during times that both my husband and I weren't available to take our son to therapy...hence the reason why we scheduled his appointments days in advance so that we can take him. Even though we were starting to feel that Megan was completely unreliable; I still wanted to give her a chance... but then we had a family emergency and had to travel to California over the weekend and missed our Saturday appointment. We miss ONE appointment due to an emergency and because we weren't able to call on that Saturday (we did call first thing on Monday) not only were we charged a$30 late fee but our son was also removed from all his regular scheduled appointments. WTF?!?!? Long story short, we are now at Speech Therapy Associates and have a wonderful and RELIABLE therapist. To my Left Foot, you people need to reevaluate your business practices. And to parents looking for the services offered at My Left Foot, look elsewhere. Save yourselves the hassle of dealing with such an unreliable and unprofessional place.
5	My niece was born at 24wks and 1 day. She was born weighing 1lb 3oz. She is currently 1 year old and is happy and healthy. When her therapists first started working with her at 4 months old she was very weak. Her therapists worked so hard to increase her strength and now she is doing so good! My niece has several issues but is doing so amazing you forget sometimes that she was born so early. She is talking now and almost walking! She has made such amazing progress and I thank My Left Foot Children's Therapy from the bottom of my heart for finding such amazing therapists! She is my family's miracle and I am so thankful that her therapists took such amazing care of her. We recently moved out of state and are having so much trouble finding a facility that gave her the level of care that My Left Foot Children's Therapy did. You really do not realize what you have until it is gone! My Left Foot Children's Therapy should open a facility in Arizona!
1	They are lucky to get one Star,  My son was going to this place for Therapy, They fired his Therapist and He never was able to go back because they would never make him an appointment.. I have waited over a whole year and still can not get him in! I guess its who you know who works there. This place is a joke...
