3	Hit and miss at  this Jared.  I've purchased a few items here and some of the sales people (or whatever they call themselves) are very helpful.  Overall nice, fair, and prices are reasonable.  I cross shopped the same or similar ring at many places across the valley and Jared was among the best.Watch selection is fairly good but knowledge of watches varies from employee to employee, and they're not so great at taking care of higher end customers compared to other authorized dealers for the same Swiss timepieces.You will always be asked if you would like a bottled water or cappucino.  Nice touch, but beware that the cappucino comes from one of those machines that are self-serve at the gas station.  Also, I wish they would stop it with the end of sale add-ons such as teddy bears or whatever for the homeless and such.  I feel guilty enough spending so much on jewelry that I don't need to have it rubbed in how stingy I am by turning down a trivial donation.  You expect to be hastled with this at the Safeway checkout lane, not at a higher end jewerly store.
4	I bought my engagement ring and wedding band for my wife here.  I knew nothing about anything but was helped in a very professional manner, even when I just went in to take a look before I decided on anything.They will even let you just walk in and have your jewelry cleaned, it only takes a couple of min. I don't have and reason to be making a big jewelry purchase anytime soon (thank god). But if I ever need to again, this is the first place I'll stop in.  Just so I can say, "I went to Jared."
3	friendly staff, nice selection. they are a little proud of there product though.
5	I have nothing bad to say about this place. My mom and I went to purchase a wedding gift for a friend and we were very pleased with the customer service, Jared was our first stop then we browsed around Arrowhead Mall and, of course, ended up where we started. A review below stated that they didn't like that they were selling teddy bears? I totally love that.They sell them for $12.99 and proceeds go to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. We, of course, purchased one. It's for a great cause. Not everyone is blessed with great health so why not contribute when you can, right? I will be back soon b/c I saw this white gold/yellow gold diamond cat necklace that I am ABSOLUTELY in love with!
4	My mother and I stopped in to price out rings for her 30th anniversary gift. We were greeted upon walking in and offered water or a cappucino. The customer service was excellent and the salespeople were really nice. If I am ever needing to buy jewelry I'll definitely come back again!
5	I bought my and my fiance's wedding rings online and it just so happened my fiance's ring was to big. I contacted customer service and they told me just to go to my local store. I was a little nervous to go into this store.  So we walk in and are immedialty approached with smiles. Our kids shoot off to the "awesome" little kids corner and we start to explain this mishap with the wrong size. We are then handed off to Vicky "I belive that was her name" She was awesome!!! Made us feel right at home, helped us find another gorgeous ring "since they didn't have the exact one in stock" didn't try to upsell me, push other rings or anything. Then David came to help us finish the paperwork and I have to admit because of him and Vicky I will be happy and not nervous to walk into this store and buy jewlery. I usually buy all mine online so I can skip the "friendly staff" but have to admit they made it so fun. Vicky offered us water, cleaned my engagment ring "without me asking or even knowing if I bought it at Jared's or not". YOUR STAFF GETS A THUMBS UP!!!!
3	Yes, nice folks, nice store.  Questionable jewelry repair.  Disorganized, no personalized concern or individual responsibility.  Have had trouble with misplaced pieces that sit for weeks and a bracelet damaged in the store.
4	My wife and I went here to do a little shopping for my mom's Christmas gift, and to get our (our as in my wife's) existing jewelry inspected. Though the place was packed we got service immediately. I can't remember the ladies name but she was just great. We had to go to Zales afterwards for inspection of my wife's other jewelry but because of the awesome service we got at Jared, Zales was like a kick in the nuts in comparison.
1	I bought stuff from this place twice. Tookmforever because the selection was bad and prices ridiculous. Quality not so good, for slver there were better dealsmat tj maxx than using a 100. Off coupon. They alsontried to tell us my wife's diamond was shattered when we inquired about a trade in. Most of their sales help were like used car salespeople and lied through their teeth. I had three negative shopping experiences here, returned everything bought, and found higher quality at lower prices elsewhere. BUYER BEWARE. Sorrt for typos, using my ipad.
5	If you are in the business of buying a diamond look no further! Go into jared and ask for bonnie. She will make your dreams come true. I'm honestly amazed at the customer service here. . I go in with all kinds of concerns(being the unexperienced diamond buyer I am) and she answers all my questions and more. She goes beyond any other place we had looked! We had a lot of jewelry stores not take us serious due to our young age. In the end it really is all about customer service. You buy where you feel comfortable and when you have someone who knows exactly the styles your interested in.. Thank you bonnie for helping me find the engagement ring of my dreams We love jared and would recommend.
