4	I guess Pittsburghians don't review their own bars.....Definately the nicest interior of the 5 bars in town that I checked out, by far....a real suave lounge feel.  The drinks were much stronger than across the street.  Not as big of a crowd, which could be good or bad depending on what you are out for...it was a nice place to take a break.  Smoky litte drag-gy porch out back.
4	I like this place best when no one else is there to talk to except the staff and a couple of locals.  On the weekends, this place is crazy busy but all other time's Spin provides a relaxing atmosphere where sophisticated locals have a drink while carrying on discussions about various topics. They also have a fantastic jazz night!
4	This place initially reminded me hugely of a bar in champaign-urbana (my problem, not theirs) so I panicked for a minute, but eventually realized that the bar it reminded me of 1) never had anyone in it and 2) never had any drag queens on the plasma screens, so then I relaxed.  The drinks had tons of alcohol!!
4	Spin is defiantly a nice small bar with a lot of ambiance. Although it is a gay bar anyone can go in there and not feel that 'extra' gay vibe. The specials are great and all day everyday until Midnight. They also have outside seating in the back as well as the front of the bar.
4	After a respite and coffee post Mad Mex insane margaritas, we headed here to continue our Pittsburgh adventures.  I loved the band the minute we walked in, and it was packed for a Thursday night.  Everyone knew each other, and people were super friendly.  The bartender actually made me a Hypnotiq martini, which I had never had before and I loved it.  I switched to my mainstay vodka martinis later in the evening, and we all had a great time, dancing and meeting people.  On a Thursday night and with great friends this place was really fun!
3	Some good mojitos,Some bad attitudes. Must bring Your bestest squirrelfriend!(b)
4	One of the best bars in all of Shadyside.  It's very modern on the inside, and the crowd is a bit more dressed up than say 5801.  Drinks are reasonable and the bartenders are attentive and kind.  It can get packed on the weekends, but it still is a good time, as most of the people there are courteous.
5	Went here for the first time with one of my co-workers and I can say this definitely a fun bar with friendly people and amazing bartenders who can whip up a fun drink on demand if you're not sure what you want!
3	"Right round baby right round."Spin probably hosts some of the cutest guys in Pittsburgh.  Vibe is much more upscale and 'fancy' than its local counterparts.   There is a few tables that have some light board games.  Plain outdoor space in the back, good if you're a smoker.  Staff was really nice and drink prices were surprisingly good!  Bartenders didn't skimp on the booze either.  My experience was rounded out when a girl projectile vomited all over her table and thats when things 'spun' out of control.  She was VISIBLY intoxicated for a couple hours, it was only a matter of time. The smell was unbearable and the staff was unaware until I brought it to their attention.All of that aside their was a pretty decent band in the front and the music piped through after was pretty good.
4	Shadyside-y, chic-y-meek-y gay bar, gay bar...Chic, friendly, gay...what more can you say?
3	I'm not quite sure on this place just yet.  I know it's aimed to be a nice lounge type of setting, but then why is there a DJ booth but hardly a dance floor?Drinks are reasonably priced, a plus.  Space however is not reasonable, a minus.  It's like once you get in there and order a drink you are funneled into the crowd.  A narrow walkway to get to the other end of the bar isn't fun.  Especially when you have to battle the other people coming from the opposite direction.  Too many people standing near the bar/bar stools, too many people standing near the booths.  I do give them props because when you're bumping and grinding your way though there to make it to the back they don't seem to mind.The small back patio never seems to be crowded, probably because it's the smoker's haven.  Sometimes it's a good place to go if you wanted to carry on a conversation.  The staff are quite nice, yes they do get busy, but they seem to remember who was at the bar in what order.  Never paid a cover here, huge plus.
4	there were some things i loved about spin, and some that weren't so awesome. we'll go with my complaints first. really, space is my number one complaint. there isn't much of a dance floor, and come on, what gay club has no dance floor? also, what space there was was hard to get to, there were some tables across from the bar but it was really hard to get to them when the floor was crowded.i went to see my friend's band play which was awesome! i'm not sure how often they have live bands, but it's an intimate setting for a band. cool, but could potentially get really loud.when i came in i asked about the drink specials, which they had plenty of. i personally took advantage of the $3 long islands myself! i'm not really sure what their prices are like without specials, but they certainly make it worth it.
4	Stylish little bar. I am not personally into video bars, but this is a good one - HOT staff :-)
2	The drinks here are over priced and this bar gets soooo crowded in a way that is unpleasant and not fun.  I just dont like this place.  Everyone there is nice, but this place is just kind of boring.
5	Go!
4	Cute Cocktails.Perfect for an after dinner cocktail, which is what we did right after dinner at Harris Grill.  Sitting directly across the street it was a no brainer that this was our next stop.  Small and charming, you're greeted with a few booths for seating and a long bar.  We  were here early so their weren't too many people attending yet, but I could see how this place could get a bit crowded.It's more of a simple kind of date place... not recommended for dancing if that's what you're interested in doing.  You can stop in meet the bar staff enjoy fresh fruit martinis and relax a bit.  Our Bartender was pretty generous, but I guess if you have connections that's to be expected.  We sat, drank, and talked for about an hour before heading out again, but it was a nice pit stop along our night out.
1	RUINED MY SATURDAY NIGHTI visited Spin on Saturday 8/31/2013. I visited Pittsburgh over the Labor Day weekend.  I planned a visit to Spin based on reviews that I read on Yelp, Urban Spoon and Gay Cities.  I was very disappointed. This is not a dance club!  I was unable to locate a dance floor anywhere.  I don't know why there are reviews that referred to this club as a dance club!  They do play music videos and the music was very good and could possibly be classified as dance music but again, there was no dance floor.On a Saturday night around midnight the place was very empty.  There was about a dozen people inside the place and about 6 people outside.The place is beautifully decorated.  One of the best looking bars I have ever seen.  The two bartenders were very pretty with very nice toned and tanned bodies but they were kind of on the fem side and very persnickety.I did not see anyone smoking inside this bar which I liked because I do not smoke and hate being around it. There was a nice patio on the back of the place where no one was but I think it could be used for smoking. Out front there were a couple tables where patrons were sitting and smoking. One of the tables was very large with about six people sitting at it. It was so big it consumed the whole sidewalk.  Myself and my partner had to step into the street that was busy with traffic to get around the table and continue our walk down the sidewalk.   I hated that and I wonder if it was even legal for the bar to block the sidewalk in that manner.Another problem I experienced, was when I asked a bartender if they had Black Velvet, he said yes.  So, I ordered a Black Velvet & ginger ale but before I got my drink and a few minutes later the other bartender who was at the other end of the bar approached me, acting as though he was an aficionado on liquor.  He said we do not have anything called Black Velvet. We do have something called Black Navel.  I said no that is not it.  I asked this bartender if he ever heard of Black Velvet and he said no.  I told him that it was a fine Canadian whiskey that is usually a staple in any bar and I couldn't believe that the bar did not have it and that he had never heard of it. Anyway, I then asked him if they had Canadian Club (CC) and he said they did. So, I then ordered a CC & ginger ale. The glass he served it in had some sort of speck of dirt on the rim that I rubbed off with a napkin. The drink tasted to pretty good but it was $5 and that is a bit pricey. The bartenders were not friendly at all. They were almost borderline rude and avoided both myself and my partner.I had similar problems at the 5801 Video Lounge that is on the next city block and across the street.  The 5801 did not have Black Velvet or Canadian Club either and was full of straight / heterosexual couples with a few Gay people scattered about. 5801 is not a Gay bar.Unlike the 5801 Video Lounge, Spin did have Gay patrons and they were mostly men but there were not many of them there.  About a dozen patrons inside and about six out front and keep in mind that it is Saturday night around midnight on a holiday weekend.The worst problem though, is that I wasted my valuable vacation time on a Saturday night to visit this club with the thought that it had a dance floor and that it was popular. It had no dance floor, it was not popular, the staff was unfriendly and I could not get "my" drink there.  I wish I had gone elsewhere.I do not recommend anyone going to Spin. It is not a dance club!There are much more fun places, such as Blue Moon, Cattivo, Brewers Hotel, P-Town and Tilden.  These places aren't as pretty but they are real friendly and whole lot of fun.
3	If 5801 is the every gay man's gay bar, Spin is probably is more of the upper gay echelon of Pittsburgh. While still a nice joint and really sophisticatedly decorated and lit, I have to be sure I'm on my P's and Q's when I come here. Being more of a guy that enjoys smokey dive bars, this is a nice change on some nights where you want to go to a nicer place with well made cocktails. The happy hour here is pretty good, and I'm pretty sure they have nightly specials, where some of the cocktails are strong and deadly. I've seen and enjoyed a couple of crazy busy nights here with live or DJ-ed music, but I've also walked in to a completely empty bar before. If you want the full experience, make sure to stop in on a weekend night. The outdoor patio in the back is a nice little extension during the summer months.
5	Always a great time. Clean and smoke free although smokers can use street side tables or the deck out back. Staff is friendly and top notch. Make some of best screwdrivers and chocolate martinis. When my friend comes home from Washington DC, Spin is our first stop on a night on the town! Give Spin a try and it will be your favorite bar too!
4	Great atmosphere, the bartenders are awesome, fabulous music videos for your viewing and listening pleasure, and there's a quaint patio for nice weather. Spin is in a nice area with plenty of other places to go for shopping, grub or drinks. The clientele is sophisticated and more mature than the crowd at 5801 (Don't get it twisted, I do love both establishments equally).There is a decent selection of bottled beer and they do have a limited menu that I have not had the opportunity to explore.
4	It was nice. Good music videos and non smoking. I gave an extra star for that. I think it's non smoking.
