4	This might have been our favorite bar in Montreal. The atmosphere here was relaxed,  composed, swank, inviting.   It wasn't as loud as most places on St. Laurent, which was a welcome change. On average, the crowd was may 10 years older than that of most other places we went. The interior design was interesting and hip without being overdone. I really liked the lighting arrangements.They serve a handful of beers and spirits and some well-crafted cocktails (there was one with scotch and a bit of maple syrup that was particularly tasty), but the menu is composed mostly of wines.  The bartender was very friendly, entertaining, and patient.My travel companion and I stopped here relatively early in the evening. We were only going to get one drink, but ended up staying for most of the night, and would probably have gone back the next night if they were open.
4	Really nice place on the corner of St. Laurent and St. Joseph.  What I liked:Open kitchen, so you can see the prep being done, I always find it interesting to see how the different kitchens work.Drink selection was goodStaff very friendly and presentvery nice layout, they have those high tables with stools and high benches along the wall, may not be for everyone, but I like them.What I didn't like:Not much really, it can get a bit loud, but that's because the place was packed.Overall a definite repeat, and improves the neighborhood options which was lacking somewhat in nearby quality bars.
3	I quite liked this place - really nice decor and setup. The drinks were a tad pricey for me, but pretty standard for the type of bar that it was. It is a pub so you gots to buy yourself some food! They set someone sort of appie (fried/puffed rice noodles, I believe...like those puffed shrimp chips but they were neither shrimp...or chips...) in front of us, as we didn't know the food rule, so that was much appreciated, but I don't know if people will be able to get away with that forevah. We went on a saturday night and it wasn't too loud, so a great place to hold a convo about what the f is happening in quebec politics, or your topic of choice! I walked by another night and it was toooooo busy....I despise. too. busy. So go there before word gets out! ooooh I should talk about my drink perhaps? Yes. It was good. I had something with whisky and bitters on rocks. A charming little sipper for this wintry time of year. Have that if whisky holds a warm little spot in your heart as it done mine!
2	Some hits, some misses. The fish of the fish n chips is excellent. the chips poor. The steak pie is very poor. Dry, mealy, without any gravy. Very good oysters. Limited selection of beers for a a beer and pub food type of place.Attentive and friendly service. Great music (well, I liked it), not too loud.
5	I love this place! Great atmosphere, cozy, nice staff! Have been multiple times, and will keep coming!
5	Back in the day this was a french restaurant with whom I shared a backyard. Back in the day i didn't have the kind of disposable income to visit said restaurant.Now times have changed; I moved out, the french resto moved out and in comes Pub Sir Joseph. Now this isn't exactly your traditional pub like in Corry or East Enders but i am not a Pom/Limey so I could care less.Before my foray at Pub Sir Joseph, I was at La Cuvee nearby sipping lots of dark porter and scotch ales'. First thing i noticed was a Scotch Ale and I jumped at the offer. My friends tried their cocktails but I will reserve that for a later evening and perhaps another review.Food came in form of the Sir Burger and fries (shaped in amazing potato wedges.....) The burger was great, being a sloppy sandwich/burger/wrap/etc eater myself, the burger manifested itself into a sloppy joe soon!Raph our server is pretty cool and took care of us (yes i do read my bills and not just the cost) and if he is reading this, amazon.ca ;-)
4	Pretty cool place, nice decoration, well located and a good selection of beers.
2	Tasted the MTL a table menu and was very disappointed. Expected more from the main dish (carrots and porc) -- the burger was not special either Although the service and ambience are friendly and cosy the food is under-par
