3	I have been here several times now for breakfast on the weekends. It's a nice, family-run cafe - the food is good and is reasonably priced and I think this place has a lot of potential. I haven't been here for lunch or dinner yet, but they are on my radar for a visit. As far as breakfast goes, if you try the Eggs Benedict you won't be sorry. The regulars here also tell me that their New England Clam Chowder is excellent. That's on my list, but I'm kind of waiting for the weather to change from blast furnace to cool before buying soup.My only disappointment with the Cafe is that they need to do more to promote themselves. I don't see any ads in the local papers or even flyers. I say this not out of criticism, but because I want to see them succeed. I love places like this, but I always worry that they rely too much on 'word of mouth'.They also have free Texas Hold 'Em tournaments Monday and Wednesday nights if you are into cards. The link below will take you to their Facebook page for the latest specials: http://www.cafesuncity.com
4	Great for breakfast and lunch. I've been there a handful of times and it has never been crowded. Courteous staff. Love the clam chowder and the catfish dinner is pretty good. Chicken fried steak and mashed potatoes are good. Great place.
2	I'm surprised at the great reviews I feel like I ate at a different restaurant. I've eaten at this place with my spouse and some girlfriends and none of us has gone back. The prices are moderate and the service is great since the place is always deserted. It's the food that's the problem. Stale biscuits, soggy lettuce, a "steak" with the fat not trimmed off, I could go on and on. There aren't a lot of places out here so I gave this place several chances to straighten up and it just never got there.
1	We ate at the Cafe at Sun City prior to its name and ownership change which occurred in mid-2012.  While our rating would have been different from our visit there, (food,service prices all good), I am throwing the caution flag as the Pinal County Health Department recently had several deficiencies for them as reported in the Florence newspaper.  That was enough to keep us away.  We go by the cafe in the parking lot on a regular basis and few people are inside dining as opposed to the former ownership.
