5	There is one in July every year and one in the winter but Im not sure when.  The website lists participating restaurants and you can book right from there on open table.  They all provide a 3 course meal for $30.  This year we did Aria and The Peculiar Rabbit and both were awesome.  Such a fun way to try new restaurants.
1	First the Restaurants drink the Kuel-Aid, then...Show Off or Show-out! ! !  What started as a Potentially GREAT Idea, though maybe NOT well executed. Who suggested the Restaurants could create dishes just for the week that would not be on the menu (in some cases never again)!  WAIT !  If something is wrong with the regular menu, Change the Menu !  !!  !!!  Instead each Restaurant could Feature Favorites, something tried and true NOT tired and through!  Or Feature Favorites and something that is Newly added to the Menu!What I like about Charlotte Restaurant Week :Exclusivity : NOT Every Restaurant is Eligible!  Restaurants may Submit a Menu (Plan) and be excepted or not!Membership : Restaurants must PAY to be "IN"Promotion :  Plenty of Publicity and though most of it is silly, it is memorable, like it or not, it is Branded Well !!!If I would have reviewed this Event Three Years ago this might be a 4 or 5 star review!  Every Year (if not every time twice a year) for the most part the List of Restaurants gets BIGGER and the Menus get less appealing!What I do NOT like about Charlotte Restaurant Week : Everything Rises and falls on leadership, this time I will not be challenging anyone to a Wrestling match and the loser has to leave Town (I'm already Gone)!  Most of these CRW Menus are not a GREAT Deal!  This is NOT, N O T a loss leader, so do NOT Promote it as one!When I ask Out-of-town Friends (you know what I mean) or Family (more likely) to pick out some Restaurants to eat for CRW and they read the Menu's online or compare prices to the Restaurants regular Menu, I always hear the same two things and I notice the same things myself, Many do not sound that Great, nor is it much a of a "deal" in many cases!I'm blaming the Restaurants for BUYING this (not initially, because it used to be better) year after year and "BUYING" (they ARE Paying for it AND PAYING or IT!!!) the idea that they need to participate AT ALL ! ! !   Or that they should make a special menu (some of them), serving Sub-par food and hurting their reputation as some have instead of promoting how GREAT they can be!  Charlotte Restaurant Week WAS a Great Idea, Gone WRONG!
2	Like my man Rod has said, several years ago, Charlotte Restaurant Week was much better. It was the place to see and be seen, with each place crawling over the next to try and outdo one another to attract diners with interesting choices during the biannual event.Now, it's more like a line at a buffet, and a poor man's buffet at that. While I don't have a problem with a buffet - and even a poor man's buffet - the quantity of restaurants has gone up, while the variety has gone way down.The issue is that at many places, they really struggle to put out a menu where you feel like you are getting your money's worth for the price (currently $30). In other parts of the country, you sit down for the price and feel you get a heck of a deal. They even have lunch offerings for a slightly lower cost.However it just seems many places in Charlotte are just phoning it in these days, with the bare minimum of three courses, often about what you get at regular menu price - and at least one, offering a single salad option, one appetizer and only two or three entree choices. Really, Charlotte? Is this the best you can do?While there are a handful of places (usually those that offer steak, or with higher ticket prices) that will give you good value for your dollar, most still don't offer a terribly interesting menu during restaurant week. It's a busy week for them, and I get that - they want to make things simple on their staff. But they shouldn't do it at the expense of the customer.This latest round saw only a handful offer truly interesting menus, and while it still brings in customers, it would be nice to see restaurants stretch themselves rather than sinking to the lowest common denominator.
2	Honestly I checked a number of menus, steak, fried chicken and salmon seemed to be the norm, not what I'm looking for. Many made me feel they were doing us a favor for offering a prix fixe dinner during the off season, which is simply wrong. I'm comparing what was offered at this years Charlotte RW to 10 years of Miami Spice and it doesn't hold a candle. I'm also comparing RW dinner at Coppers to my previous experiences there, I spent the same as usual but service was rushed ( in a nearly empty restaurant) and some of the dishes were way sub-par - Vanilla sponge cake for desert ?? Unless things change, I'll be avoiding Charlotte's restaurant week in the future.
