4	A place I can trust not to horribly scrape my car and to (mostly) get out those hard water stains from sprinklers is this Terrible's.   The $6 wash is enough for most cars;  at $10 you get a paper towel and an air freshener, and Rain-X, which is about as useful as leprechaun insurance most of the year.But they do scrub your car down and have free vacuum stations for you to use afterwards!  It's a 3.5 star affair.
5	I love coming here, you can find me here every 10 days like clock work!I usually get the cheapest wash, they scrub the car as it's going through. The free vacuums are wonderful too. I love this location!
3	This is a good car wash.  It is one step above your regular drive thru carwash because there is actually a person you speak too before driving in.  It is nice to see a face, instead of a computer punch screen.The carwash comes with an air freshener and a dry cloth to wipe your car down afterwards, if you feel like it.  I never feel like it because seriously, it is usually so hot here the water just evaporates before you hit the street and I may be carwash lazy too.  Shhh, don't tell anyone!  Needless to say, I have a nice collection of these cloths.  They come in handy around the house too, in case you were wondering.  Before you go into the wash itself, there is someone, sometimes 2 people who will scrub your windshield and wheels, depending on the wash you purchased, to really get your car nice and clean.  After they scrub your car, you drive through a normal drive thru car wash and blow dryers at the end.  Nothing fancy, but when you don't have time for a full service carwash/detailing, this place gets the job done and quickly too!  This station also offers you $.20 off each gallon of gas if you purchase your carwash at the pump, so it even saves you some moolah on your fill up.
3	This place is serviceable if you need something quick and dirty.  Not a fan of car washes that uses huge brushes via drive through, it can damage your car.  The guys wiping down the car afterwards were nice and helpful.I think at the end of the day you want to ask yourself if you want to spend 15 more bucks for a very nice hand wash car or do you want to do you want a quickey?
