4	I love this asian style spa. The owner has an unbelievable memory.  I hadn't been there in over 6 months and when I went back he asked me how my grandma's kidney is doing. I couldn't believe he remembered. that detail.It's very clean and has impeccable decor. Also, they are fast and efficient. I got a manicure, pedicure and wax in 60 minutes flat. They do your mani/pedi at the same time on the pedestal style massage spa chairs.I love the hot towel they use on my legs and feet after each pedicure.The wax is never too hot like some other salons I have tried.  The manicurist's are very friendly and gave me a awesome sculptured nail using white powder for the french portion of my nail instead of white polish.I definitely recommend Perfect Nails & Spa.
4	I couldn't find anything to add to the previous review except I have never had a bad experience here no matter who did my nails. They are reasonably priced, friendly and one of the few nail salons I have been to that seem genuinely interested in the customer returning. The owners are friendly and the selection of acrylic colors offered is excellent. If your a magazine reader you might want to bring your own as they only have people and entertainment mags, however I've only had to wait once in nearly a year.
1	This place is horrible! Got the "No chip" 35 dollar gel manicure which chipped the first day. I received one previously from a different place that lasted a month. Got a pedicure and unfortunately chipped 2 of the nails, went in to get it fixed and all they did was paint over the broken parts!! I was very angry. The toe-nails were visibly broken and cracked, needed to be filed at the least. Horrible customer service, I was very dissatisfied. The prices are higher than any other in the area as well. DO NOT GO HERE. I get pedis every  weeks and this place is the worst.
3	I moved to the area approximately five years ago and have visited this nail salon on a fairly regular basis. However even though the customer service was mediocre I continued using this salon because they did a good job on acrylic nails. I visited another salon on Peoria Ave. when I became frustrated with the staff's limited English making it difficult to fully communicate what I wanted done. I don't know what the other people in the reviews were talking about when praising the decor.  The decor is very amateurish although this is not a basis for good service.  In the last five years I have never been called by name and only once did I feel that I was remembered from a previous visit.  Today was the last straw.  I went in without an appointment and had one person who had an appointment be serviced ahead of me.  That was perfectly understandable.  Then a lady came in wanting a manicure and pedicure.  I was there for a fill.  The other lady was immediately taken back for her service.  By the time I was  called back I was asked to sit down and then I waited until I realized that there was no one available to do my fill. The one lady that kept reassuring me it would be only "five minutes" was doing the other lady's manicure.  I waited for approximately five minutes and left.  I will never go there again.  Good job on the nails but poor customer service!!
4	They got my daughters and I in for pedicures and we were treated very well. We will be going again for Daughter & Mom day very soon :)
5	This is the best nail salon I've been to; clean and efficient. I've been using this spa for about 5 years now. I love the owners. Highly recommend this place. Susan L, Glendale, AZ
5	I have been coming to Perfect Nails for 5 years and every time I am happy when I leave the pricing is right and they are relatively fast! I highly recommend them.
