3	I ordered some kind of breakfast omelet and it was just as it looked, delicious. There was hardly anyone there but the waitresses weren't quite on top of their game. I had to wait a little for my coffee refills and it took a minute to get the check.
5	I really wish I could give more than 5 stars in this case because this place deserves it. Mimi's is in our neighborhood but up until two weeks ago we had never tried it. We had relatives visiting and one of them suggested it so we went. It was excellent! The decor is interesting and the atmosphere is fun. I liked it as soon as we walked in. We only had to wait a moment to get a table. The menu is awesome. I could not make up my mind there were so many things to choose from. The menu is made up a lot of those familiar comfort foods like meat loaf, pot pie, salisbury steak, etc. But you can also get mexican, seafood, sandwiches, burgers and more. We ordered the pot stickers as an appetizer and they were seriously some of the best we've ever had. And we lived in Japan for 9 years!!! They serve a basket of complimentary bread. The bread isn't just plain old bread either. There was carrot bread and lemon bread. Excellent! I ordered one of their salmon dishes. It was covered in a honey dijon sauce and was perfect. Salmon is one of my favorite foods and I'm pretty particular about it.  I was impressed with the staff. They were all friendly. The food came out very quickly. I also really appreciated the fact that they brought out snacks for our toddler. When they brought us a highchair they also brought a cup of cherrios and a package of crackers. I am always happy when a restaurant lets you know that it is okay that you brought your kids along. As many parents know, you can often get the feeling that, even though they claim to be a family restaurant, they wish you'd left the kids home. Mimi's made us feel totally welcome. It was a terrific experience. We only eat out once a month and we're planning on going back to Mimi's for our next outing.
3	Good place to have a decent afternoon meal.  I'd like to take a stab at their breakfast the next time I drop by.  Service here rocks!As for the food, can't really complain about their...~Complimentary bread (especially the carrot kind)~Zucchini parmesan~Grilled garlic sourdough baguette~Crispy chicken salad ~Spinach and artichoke dip~Banana chocolate muffin~Buttermilk spice muffin~Clam chowder (maybe I should've ordered the cup, because the bowl was pretty big)But what's up with that rotten egg smell in some parts of the dining room?
2	I came here for Saturday morning breakfast.  It was pretty busy but we were seated immediately.The place is covered in New Orleans Soul decor which was very cool but the seating was very cramped.The menu was very extensive which lots of omelette options.I chose the Mardi Gras Omelette sticking to the theme, the wife had the Chicken Fried Steak breajfast & the kid had Eggs & Fruit. Each breakfast came with choice of juice & bread. I had the Buttermilk spice muffin which was excellent.The kids food came out and he finished it before we heard anything from the waitress who said she was gonna check on it. 5 minutes later it was served and it was COLD!!!Having waited 30-4 0 minutes already it didn't take much to turn this situation worse. My wife politley explained to the waitress it was COLD & she would like it done over. NO problem the waitress apologized.10 minutes later after everyone had finished the CFS re-emerged. this time HOT but lacking any gravy. After that was fixed the check appeared and SHIT HIT THE FAN!!2 CFS @ $9.99 EACH - We were charged for sending it back!!!Needless to say after a few words with the MGMT the charges were reversed but we will NOT  be returning. Not very good customer service at all.
3	The food is great, the service is really bad, especially if you have little kids.  I don't know why I go back to this one, even though it's right up the street from us.  Maybe it's the hope that some day we'll get a waitress that gives a darn about you and will stop leading you to believe that you'll actually get decent service.They greet you promptly, but after yesterday's service where the plates were pretty much thrown at me, never again.  Maybe they think I'll be a poor tipper because instead of ordering two kids meals, we order one?  Maybe it's because I'm more occupied with making sure my kids or ok rather than being super smiley to the waitresses there?  Maybe I just need to be 70 years old and order a cup of coffeee and a slice of whole wheat toast and give them a $10 tip?  There are other Mimi's in the area, but seriously, they're only a slight notch up from IHOP to have to deal with their attitudes. We'll see what Mimi's corporate will do for me after they respond to the email I sent to them, too.
3	Homestyle food, they sold out of the ribs the night I went and the waitress didnt know until she tried to put in my order, so it was a disappointment when she brought the menu back and I picked something quickly, the Turkey dinner tasted like Thanksgiving but wasn't what I wanted
4	Good place to eat and if you are in the area, one of the better choices for comfort food.  I have always liked mimis especially when we don't know what we feel like, everything there is pretty good and their bread is awesome.  Head and shoulders better compared to anything in it's class like Marie calenders or dennys.  Nice atmosphere and good service.  I do recommend their french onion soup, burgers, and pot pies.
2	Without being mean about it. I will simply say that we have had better diner food.  The seasoning is either bland. or completely off the mark.  The staff takes their sweet time serving food and the crowd is a little north of the mid 50 demo.  Hit up Timbers across the street for much better and cheaper food
2	Came in because it was close to home and they were running a deal with $10 off $30. Even though it's close to home we havent gone in maybe a year. Last time we had a positive experience....boy, what a difference a year makes. Hostess that sat us I think was crying. Her eyes were red and wet. Maybe it's allergies, but if it's not...Jesus, somebody give her a 10 minute break to cool down. Just heartless if the girl got some bad news or having a bad day and they just put her in the front to be the supposed to be smiling first face you see. We sat in a corner booth and the table was dirty and the drape decor in our booth was dusty. There was this sewer smell that we couldn't quite place that was on that side of the restaurant and was on and off. We moved booths and it wasn't as bad, but you get a whiff sometimes...should've left....shoudl've fucking left then. Bf got their Summer 3 course meal which you pick a soup or salad, a entree and a petite dessert. French Onion Soup- okay, nothing special. Chicken& Asparagus Ravioli- the chicken pieces were shredded breast and was overcooked. The sauce had a flavor about it...it was overly seasoned with oregano that you couldn't taste anything else. (We started to get our food and thats when the smell came back too- should use the other side of the restaurant if the smell is on this side of the place).  Dessert- Cinammon Beignets w/ custard inside served with chocolate and raspberry sauce- too doughy, but was okay. I got beef bourguignon. It was good, but this was no borguignon. It's pot roast with gravy and vegetables thrown on it. They gave me grilled asparagus on it which is a plus with me since I love em grilled. Mashed potato served with it wasn't seasoned.  I got a petite treat of the bread pudding. This wasn't petite, it was actually a pretty big serving. It wasn't good. Dense dry, and then the syrup which is normally yummy butterscotchy syrup was just syrup. It didn't taste like anything, it was just sweet. C'mon even Station casinos one comes with a vanilla custard and good syrup on it. Highlight of the meal for me was the free breadbasket. I like their carrot cake loaf. The service was attentive I'll give them that. Our drinks were refilled, we were checked on. Now if the kitchen crew and cleaning crew can get with it. Food was not good and the place isn't deep cleaned so they're slacking off. The BF was not feeling it and left a bit annoyed and not  wanting to come back. Now the kicker- I just got home and threw up, twice already. Yeah, we're not coming back nor letting any of our friends eat here. I have a nose and throat infection developing so I feel like shit already and no, this kind of getting sick doesn't make me throw up. Thanks for making my day the worse it can possibly be.
4	Last week was the first time I went to Mimi's after a really bad experience consisting of horrible food, high prices and way less than decent service. Last week I went twice with a group each time. The service was GREAT the prices seemed to get a bit better, and the food was very good. I like their current seasonal menu and their new for a limited time 3 course menu. Here is some food for thought, ALWAYS get a cup of coffee and bread pudding to top your meal off. They have the best bread pudding!Recently I went for breakfast with my boyfriend. It was a Friday morning about 10am. It wasn't too busy and we got the best service. I ordered the Crab Cake Florentine Benedict, which came with juice. SOO good! It makes me want it for breakfast every morning! My boyfriend ordered the Pain Perdu Breakfast, which came with juice and a muffin.  It was my first breakfast experience at Mimi's and I will definitely be back for more!
4	Had dinner here with a friend last night. Very attentive service, which was a plus. We got the three course special for $12.99 which was not a bad deal for the price. The french onion soup was very good. The chicken and artichoke spaghettini was solid: the chicken was excellent, the sauce was a little bland though and I had to kick it up with some hot sauce. The dessert (a chocolate mousse with strawberries) was excellent. Not bad for the price.
1	I don't know if I should give you a 1 or 0 stars for the alive roach that I found in my tacos. It made me want to throw up and leave. I will never eat at a MiMis again my entire life, unless I am forced to.
4	We have eaten here dozens of times for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  Overall, the food is good and the staff is friendly.  This location is very well managed and the food is above average for a chain restaurant.
5	Great family restaurant -- a favorite of the community. Staff is the best, service is excellent, prices are affordable -- AND the food is very good, fresh and a great menu of changing seasonal selections.
4	I love Mimi's. It is family friendly, the service is great. Kids meals are a bit pricey but they are large servings...Great for bigger kids. Allow yourself extra time because there is usually a wait to get in.
4	Very nice selection of healthy foods. Delicious.
3	It has been a few years since I've been to a Mimi's, so when one of the other two couples we were going out with suggested it, we agreed.I ordered the chicken breast from the 3-course seasonal menu.  It came with soup or salad, the main course, and a mini-dessert.  I decided that for once I'd say no to dessert, and the waitress let me have the soup and salad instead of dessert.  I had the French onion soup, which was very good.  Though I love it, I usually never order it anywhere because it's always way too salty.  Happy to say that it was much less salty here, and after that and the salad, I was finished.  Knowing that I'd be eating at home solo the next night, I took the main course home.  It's a good thing I fill up easily; otherwise there would have been no leftovers.  The chicken breast was really, really small.  It was the smaller half of a chicken breast, covered with bacon and cheese.  It came with a creamy tomato sauce with diced artichoke hearts.  If it had been swimming in the sauce, I may not have noticed the size, but I asked for the sauce on the side.  It was dwarfed by a big mound of mashed potatoes, and a very tiny bit of fresh vegetables - two broccoli florets, and two slices each of green and yellow zucchini.  When I had the main course tonight, it was good, but nothing to rave about.Service was efficient, but not overly friendly.With so many great restaurants to choose from in Vegas, Mimi's will never be my first choice, but it's definitely an okay occasional alternative.
3	Reasonable adult food when you also have to feed a hoard of kids!I love the corn chowder, the muffins and we have had generally pretty good service.  My husband loves the variety and the kids will eat anything.Definitely not gourmet food but not bad
4	I had the crab omelette that was quite good.  service great
4	We like Mimi's for breakfast.  The smoked ham and eggs are really good!Their orange juice is only $1.49 compared to Cracked Egg and Pancake House who both charge like $3.99 for a glass!!  Highway robbery!!  I could buy two gallons at the store for that.Plus they do a buy-on-get-one-free entree coupon on their website quite a bit.A good place to go for a quiet conversation with a friend and not noisy.
2	The food here is just ok. It calls itself a French restaurant (maybe New Orleans "French"? Or Disneyland "French"), but I think the French people I know would giggle at best or sneer at worst at the suggestion that Mimi's is French. The breads, for a start, are more like cake. The main courses are Americanized versions of French cuisine...pretty stodgy fare. The desserts were good (but still American). I haven't been back for breakfast or to try the baked goods yet...some reviews tout these as Mimi's forte. Well, I hope they are...otherwise, this restaurant won't be able to hold my interest...
3	Went here for a casual dinner with new friends after helping them with church stuff.  Mimi's was nearby and I was curious about it, since I'd never been there before.  The interior is cosy and could be described as a mashup between 1920s Paris and early 20th century New Orleans.  Casual and comfy.  I ordered the "light" tilapia with steamed veggies and brown rice: nothing spectacular, but I wanted a light meal and was craving some fish.  My husband had the chicken crepes, which were heavy and "too creamy."  He also thought that the salad came with too much dressing.  Our dining companions all had the French onion soup and various accompaniments (fries, sliders, salad).Not sure what was "French" about most of the menu...."French fries" and "French onion soup" isn't "French."  To me, anyway....Our server was very friendly and accommodating.  Nice gal.Mimi's won't be a go-to spot for me, as I like my restaurants to have that bit of pizzazz and spice, both literally and figuratively.  I don't often cite chain restaurants as go-to places and would much rather check out hole-in-the-wall joints and mom-and-pop eateries.  However, I am open to trying out mainstream establishments, if only to appease the tastes and comfort levels of friends!
1	Thanksgiving Dinner - Mimi's Special 3-course meal. All except the salad and corn soup SUCKED! This was a terrible meal. The veggies -- carrots and broccoli -- were inedible. They were microwave bagged crap. My 1st serving was almost raw, the replacement was hot, hard and dry. Cardboard would taste better!NOTHING -- except the salad and corn soup -- was fresh or prepared on premises.Turkey, mashed potatoes, stuffing and gravy -- A homeless shelter would server better food to its people.SHAME! SHAME! SHAME!
3	Went the Friday after Thanksgiving dinner with Las Vegas relatives.  Since we were still stuffed from the day before, we had the two course meal (corn soup was fabulous) and I had chicken fried steak.... two palm-sized pieces with a gob of mashed potatoes and a spoonful of boiled carrots and cauliflower.  A tad salty for my palate but reasonably priced meal for value.  Nice homey feel with attentive service.  Would go again.  The $13.99 3 course meals seem to be a real bargain but we had a dessert back at the house to get to.
1	My wife and I would go to the one near our old place every so often.  I know its a chain restaurant , but on occasion they have a meal that just has some great flavor , so why not. We have been to this particular restaurant , and both times H O R R I B L E service. The first time , we did not get our soup or salad , and the waitress was very few and far between on the drink refills.  Anyone that knows me , knows i suck down iced tea like its going out of style.  Sometimes i even have them bring me 2 glasses of it.    I think i got 1 refill the entire time.... needless to say there was a drought . 2nd time it was gorgeous outside , so we decided to sit outside. .... BAD IDEA.  Same issue with the waitress ,  very little checking up on us.  She was not even the one who brought us our food.   On top of that , they charged me for 3 of the 2 for 15 dollar meals instead of just 2 .....  no apology , no discount , no free dessert ... no nothing.  Just a 15 minute wait to get it fixed. And on our way . I have sent a correspondence to the corporate office , and it has been nearly a month and have not heard anything back.  Obviously they don't care about their clientele.
5	I enjoy going to Mimi's (on Durango), we go every other weekend.  The service is usually good, the food is generally great, I especially like going there for breakfast (the bacon is always great).  Usually if I don't like what I was served, it wasn't because the food was wrong, it was because I didn't like that item until I tried it.  They have messed up once or twice, but in my experience the only restaurants that get everything right every time cost $150 per person.  If I had any complaint it would be that they don't add new items enough.  When you go as frequently as I do, you tend to burn through the menu.
2	I don't go to Mimi's for over a year, and I come back to a Denny's breakfast?So, I had been to Mimi's many times for breakfast in the past.  It was certainly not a gourmet meal, but it was always a good place to get waffles and a side of potatoes.  Plus they had fresh-squeezed orange juice that I would always want, but then scoff at the price and decide against.I hadn't been back to Mimi's in quite some time.  Not sure why.  But when I came back I couldn't believe how different the food was.  It still looked pretty much the same, but I guess the quality had gone downhill.The eggs were bland, the waffle was bland, and the potatoes that I used to love were awful.  They were too soft and, you guess it, bland.  Plus the orange juice was from a carton- but the good news is they lowered the price.My husband and I both left half of the food on our plates.  That is highly unusual.Sorry, Mimi's, but I don't think I'll be back for quite some time again.
4	Stopped in for breakfast today. It was yummy! Those muffins are too tasty.The server was very friendly but it did take a while to get our food.   We used a coupon that they sent to me by e-mail. If you sign up for their e-club they send nice coupons and offers.
1	very bad experience here from food to service to them somehow losing my credit card
2	The food wasn't bad nor was the service but there where a few little things that really bothered me about this place.  I'm probably being a little picky here but the place just seemed dirty.  Attention to details are important, people will notice the lack of effort.  The floors were wet from the rain, and I would think maybe someone who worked there would notice, with all the squeaky shoes, and at least would have slapped a caution sign down.  The booth we were shown had food crumbs all over it and the partition above the table was covered in dust.  The carpet looked filthy and the edges of the benches were stained and worn.  I ordered coffee and the mug was chipped and the plate my food was served on was so worn down it was covered in stains and scratches.  I think the worst part was that I had ordered a side of fruit for breakfast.  I got a piece of honeydew, cantaloupe and two pieces of an orange slapped down on a piece of lettuce.  What really threw me off was the whole thing tastes like they had sprayed it with orange juice.  The melons still had their rinds on them and the honeydew wasn't even pitted.  If I wanted to scrape seeds off my food and removed rinds I could have bought a whole melon to take home for the same price.  I probably won't take the time to drive out this way again.
4	Great food and good prices too.  My favorite place for Sunday breakfast after chuch.  If you sign up on their website they send you couplons for 2 for 1 all the time.  Can't beat it.
5	While visiting with family in Las Vegas, we decided to have breakfast at Mimi's since my uncle recommended it. We were not disappointed, the food and service were great! The pumpkin spice pancakes were awesome!
4	This place is really yummy, I had an omelet and it was delicous and so was the mimosa.  My husband had the pumpkin spice pancakes, they were really good too.
4	Great food and great service!  Stopped in to pick up some of thier super good pot pies to take home and was met by a very nice and helpful employee.  She made placing the order a pleasant experience.  Great customer service and food that makes driving to this location worth it even though I live closer to another Mimi's
2	Why do I have to constantly ask for bread? It's complimentary, and I always see everyone else eating it around me. Is it just me? Service here is hit and miss, and mostly miss. I've had very rude waiters who deserved no tip from being extremely hostile and snotty. There's no reason to freak out on people over how they order- if you can't handle that, find a different job.Their food is NOT New Orleans style or themed- yet the place is crawling with Mardi Gras decor. The food is overpriced for what you get- and it isn't that great. The best thing they have, for me, is their grilled cheese sandwich. What makes it good is that they grill Parmesan cheese on the outside, giving it a nice crunch. But I can make that at home, and make it less greasy too. My poor boyfriend had the luck of getting screwed over by a waiter (the last time we ever went to Mimi's). He had a coupon, and gave it to her- she never applied it. So it is useless to sign up for their e-club, since they never really send you good deals (just junk mail) and don't apply it.
1	We have been there several times. First time everything was great. It seems the more often we go the worse the service is. I'm pretty sure we will not be going back. Bussers busy trying to talk to hostess instead of bussing dirty tables that had been there before we even arrived. Waiter not listening to our order because he was too busy looking around
2	I've been to various Mimi's around the country, but something seemed "off" about this one.Americans are overfed and our restaurants and fast food joints give us portions that are just way too big. But this location, the portions are too small. I was dining with nine other people, and all of us were left wondering if we accidentally ordered an appetizer. I had the soup and half a sandwich. You're given about half a cup of soup and out of the sandwich choices I opted for the turkey on rye. I think when I said rye the waitress heard wheat (we'll get to her later) so I was given a small sandwich (about size of an iphone) toasted with the crust cut off.My waitress was a hot mess. I don't blame Mimi's, it was hers. I came a little late and as soon as I sat down, she came over to take my drink order. I ordered water and hot tea. Within seconds she was back with my water and a wooden display with various types of tea and honey. But no tea cup. She said she'd be right back with it. She came to take our orders and I reminded her about the tea cup. She came back to deliver the sparkling champagne some ordered. I reminded her about the tea cup. She delivered some salads. I reminded her about the tea cup. Finally, after about 40 minutes of this, I went to the bar and got it myself. Of course, as soon as I walked back with it, the waitress says "I was just about to go get it!"Back to my sandwich. I ordered the turkey on rye with no cheese, add mustard the sandwich comes with mayo, tomato and lettuce. The sandwich was delivered to me with nothing between the bread (wheat, not rye) but turkey. No mustard, no mayo, no tomato, no lettuce. When I asked my waitress what the deal was, she didn't get rude, but she did insist that that's the way I ordered the sandwich. She messed up all 10 orders. Each time she insisted that she had taken our ordered exactly as we'd given them to her. Again, she wasn't rude, but it was obnoxious.Of course when the check came it was another hot mess express from our dear waitress.Sigh.
3	Food and service decent, restaurant was a little messy, but overall a good visit.
3	Nice place, but the food is lacking. I tried the Santa Fe omelet and found it to be not very spicy. The service was good and I will go there again because it is close to where I live. However, I would like a little more flavor...
2	Perhaps my opinion has been swayed of this place slightly, since the friend I took with me kept yelling out "WHERE THE FUCK IS MY BREAD!?!?" and alas, no appetizer bread was ever brought to our table. Weird to be lacking on, when it's suppose to be a routine thing? Regardless of the MIA bread, the meal came out pretty quick, which was expected because we were there when it was practically empty. The tomato soup was pretty good, but can't say that I was impressed with the "steak" I was served. Not cooked the way I asked, for one, and I'm also sure it wasn't even real meat. Tasted more like soybeans and earthworms.  The mash potatoes were also lacking in any sort of flavor other than sand. Maybe a little hint of salt, but that could of been the leftover oily residue that was on my tongue from the fake-a-steak.Our waiter seemed less than enthused to be around people, but regardless he was attentive and refilled our drinks frequently. He was probably in a hurry to get us the hell out of their before we started complaining to him.All in all, there are a lot of other eateries in this area, and I probably won't opt for this one again.
5	Great food with the new menu. Love the French onion soup. Even the bread rolls and butter were delicious. I enjoyed the great service and affordable prices! This is the type of restaurant that one can frequently eat at again and again!
3	I ordered the French toast plate.  It came with egg, bacon, and fruit.  Everything was decent.  Nothing spectacular.  Didn't taste any different than Denny's.
4	Originally went to Mimi's looking to continue the quest for the ultimate Chicked Fried Steak. Mimi's does not serve CFS and their menu has been condensed significantly since I last visited a Mimi's years ago. With that being said, I didn't get the "greasy spoon" kind of breakfast experience I was looking for. I can only describe Mimi's as "upscale affordability." I felt sort of underdressed in my T-Shirt and cargo shorts, but the prices were in line with what you would expect to pay at a "traditional" breakfast establishment. I got pancakes, with two eggs and sausage. It didn't come with potatoes, rather a cup of fresh fruit (grapes, melon and strawberries). To be honest, I didn't miss the potatoes and the fruit was a nice compliment to the other items. The portion size is not going to make your jaw drop, but they don't short change you either. The coffee was better than your average restaurant coffee and could rival many coffee shops. The pancakes were fluffy, yet hearty and thick. Best pancakes I've had in a long time, and I've had plenty of them.The parking lot was full and the place was packed, but the service did not suffer. Our waitress, Dawn, was friendly and efficient and kept the drinks filled throughout the meal. Mimi's was definitely much more than a "cafe".
1	Used to love Mimi's but not a fan of the new menu in the least. I like new items but to totally re create the menu and not leave the classic favorites seems silly. Disappointed
1	This was one place I wanted to try before I left Las Vegas.  I went here for breakfast and was disappointed.  I was only the second customer in the restaurant and ordered a basic breakfast of eggs, potatoes, bacon, and toast.  The problem began when my breakfast was placed on my table.  I ordered my eggs over medium.  They were not only incompletely cooked, but were completely runny/snotty/disgusting eggs.  This place touts their breakfast but can't cook eggs properly.  I won't be back.  It just wasn't very good.
5	I have been a Mimi's fan in the past but this location is awesome.  The newer menu great, I tried the fall harvest salad with chicken, walnuts, goat cheese with an awesome red wine balsam dressing.  My mom had the salman nicoise salad which is delicious as well.  The server we had was extremely wonderful.  I commend the management as this is one of the best locations in Las Vegas.  Thank you!Try out their newer menu!
1	We had a meeting  catered by Mimi's. I had no control over what was ordered. Some brilliant person decided to order turkey dinner a week before Thanksgiving. WTH? Ok fine, let me start my Thanksgiving early. Why not?We got turkey, stuffing, mashed potatoes and gravy and cranberry sauce. I ate the turkey and mashed potatoes and gravy. Some people in our group decided to eat something else and not touch the catered food from Mimi's. I should have done the same. I was sick for a week until Thanksgiving day (and so were the other unsuspecting victims). Damn, you turkey! You destroyed my stomach!All the other times I've eaten at this location (and other locations) were just alright. Nothing really stands out from their menu. A few pounds lighter, I'd like to thank who ever handled/cooked the food at our meeting for not letting me gain any holiday weight. I doubt I'll ever eat/order food from there again...unless if I want to lose weight quick without even trying.
2	Please please please bring back the old Menu. I dont whats up with this french inspired cuisine going on????? Mimi's was known for good ole comfort food!! Was not happy when we got the menu and will not be going back until the menu changes again....
4	I am still on the fence about the "new" menu.  I miss several of the appetizers and reduced selection.  Yesterday the food was above average, with the mussels and onion soup standing out.  The service during this visit earned the fourth star.  The waitress was not very talkative or cheerful, but dang did she make sure refills were prompt and dishes were cleared.  We will be back.  The only complaint is that we had a BOGO free coupon and they took off the lowest item of three entrees, instead of the second highest priced item.  I could have contested that, but I didn't want to fight over $3.  Next time I will, the coupon was for equal or lesser value, not the cheapest.
4	My husband and I come here every weekend for Sunday brunch. Love the sourdough bread.
5	The last time I was here I had the Quiche Lorraine and it was delicious. It came with a low-fat blueberry muffin (didn't taste so well but that's what I get for ordering low-fat) and some fresh fruit. I like the overall atmosphere here, it feels like a family place and in a way I feel homey here. Also the artwork is pretty cool too.
3	The food is always lovely. Nice portions and appealing presentation. They are known for their pastries and the pastries do not disappoint. They are usual packed for breakfast so go early or be prepared to wait. Service range is adequate to stellar but usually mediocrity reigns supreme.
5	Fresh! Fresh! Fresh!  I had the Cobb salad. It wash delicious. Fresh blue cheese and roasted turkey. It came with a freshly baked carrot arisen muffin, mom had the 1/2 and 1/2 salad and sandwich. Home made dressings along with a side of fruit...real fruit.All this with a Southern Lousiana flare
4	I  would give this place 4 stars because even though I like their food and portion, sometimes I get a lousy service. But still a good place :)
5	I love this location.  We come here for the excellent customer service.  Our server (female dark hair, slim and very friendly) is so very kind and so attentive and reminds me of Mary Poppins with her cheerfulness!  I'm sorry I don't remember her name - she worked on 10-25-14 between 5pm - 6pm.  The meal was delicious - I had a chicken chopped salad (previously named Asian chopped chicken salad)  with corn chowder soup.  My Mom had a delicious looking chicken parmesan which a green house salad.  Thank you again!  We drive extra miles from Summerlin specifically to come to this location, which is wonderfully managed.Thank you Mimi's for making a wonderful Saturday afternoon end with a delightful meal!
4	Had the burger with bacon and fried egg was so tasty that I tried eating it all, I tired.The wife had the turkey club and of course that was bomb with avocado.So full still want more come and get yr grub on at Mimis Cafe it's a yummy time in yr tummy. Ha
3	The mimosas here are amazing! The service was top notch. The food is slightly lacking. I had the avacado/ bacon omelet - omelet = good potatoes on the side= bad. Fruit was pre-esembled and refrigerated too long so it was exceptionally cold and flavorless because of it.
4	Went here for breakfast with friends, had the quiche, as another did also had the croissant and another the cinnamon French toast. All of us were full and satisfied, and full. Would have no problem going back.
4	Ordered the corn chowder and a club sandwich. Corn chowder was great but the bread on the club sandwich(wheat) did not taste good. The wife ordered eggs Benedict and they were very good.
2	Enjoyed the restaurant with friends until my food showed up.  I ordered the chicken and fries.  I received a lot of fries that were under friedand this little piece of chicken.  It was $12.99 for fries and 4 bites of chicken.  Everyone else's meal was worth the price.  The menu has totally changed.  new look,  less choices and higher prices.
3	I had the egg Benedict *** Good*** The service was Okay!!! Not too busy.... Easy find at New Years Day 2015.
