5	Had Vegas photo booth for my son's first birthday. What a great time everyone had. Before the party Robert was so incredible helpful. He helped design the cutest template for the pictures. He went above and beyond to make it perfect. We got so many cute pictures. We can't wait to use him again.
5	I used vegas booths for my wedding!! I was extremely impressed with Robert and all the stuff he provided! He had a ton of props, brought lanyards for people to hold all there pictures,and the booth had a tv on the outside so we could see all the pictures of the night which was awesome!!  I love that Robert was on top of everything before the wedding! Contacted me to do the design for the wedding, made a great one that I liked and approved and then he made it even better cause there was something he didn't quite like!! And it turned out even better! He also checked to make sure I had everything for my book to put the pictures in  and asked if he needed to bring anything for me! Then the day of the wedding everyone was coming up to me and telling me how great the booth was and how patient and helpful Robert was!! Overall I think the booth was more than worth it for the memories but the fact that he made it an even better experience for my guests and let all the kids take a hundred pictures was icing on the cake! :) I did get the bigger package but I think Robert went above and beyond with everything! I also love that I got all the pictures on a USB right after the wedding! I loved everything about vegas booths worth every penny!!
5	VegasBooths.com was awesome! They were flexible and able to come early and set up earlier than normal because the venue requested it. The template design was exactly what I wanted, and the photo printouts were great. The guest book option is a great choice. They were even very gracious when one of our guests got out of control and tried to fight the photo booth (I was mortified!). Thank you VegasBooths for being so great!
5	I used vegasbooths in May 2014 for my wedding at the Suncoast. Robert did an awesome job communicating with me the whole time before the wedding to make sure I got everything I wanted. Him and his whole staff were great. I'll definitely use them again if I have any big events. They made our wedding a hit and everyone had a blast all night taking fun pictures that they could take home with them :) I know I will recommend to anyone who wants a good time. The music just added fun to the booth as well they have open or enclosed booths!
5	I hired Robert to do my wedding and it was a total hit. He had a bunch of props to use, was very friendly and accommodating. He even incorporated my nephews drawing into the take home print. I would definitely recommend him to everyone.
5	We hired Robert for our Christmas party of 80+ people, adults and children of all ages. To say Vegasbooths was a hit would be a huge understatement! I appreciated Robert's kind and courteous support from the very first email through tear down and clean up. Vegasbooths' diverse and fun props, festive holiday music and Robert's expert coaching ensured every photo was full of goofy, silly, Christmas fun. Each guest received copies of photos as well as a handy lanyard with a plastic photo protector - genius! A  thumb drive of images at the end of the party was a very professional and unexpected touch. To anyone looking for a top notch local photo booth, hire Vegasbooths now!! Thank you, Robert, for making this year's event one we'll always remember!! We really look forward to working with you again soon ~ Chris
