4	I haven't had a chance to visit this newly-opened bird store in Mesa, AZ.  It's located a block or two south of Broadway Rd on the east side of Dobson Rd. After I visit this new store, I will tweet my review. I mean, I will tweak my review. I don't know when this store opened, but I saw customers entering when I walked by on 1/28/2013.
5	I love this store, they have all the birds one could ask for- the baby cockatiels are so adorable and precious- the staff is very careful and loving with all animals.love the manager debbie- she is so helpful and kind. I already bought two baby cockatiels, got a third yesterday and plan on doing more business.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
3	Nice selection on bird cages. Went in today and no one came out to help me or greet me. I'm a Lil short and the bird cage I wanted was high up. They have cameras all over the store and the two gentleman in the back where they groom the birds just talked amongst themselves never said hello even tho they did see me. Disappointed left without buying anything. Been there before and had a lady greet us and asked if we needed help she was extremely nice. I guess the guys convo was more important. Purchased a cage at another store was a couple dollars higher but the staff there answered all my questions and helped.
5	We have purchased several birds for ourselves and our grandchildren here as well as cages and supplies. The customer service is terrific!  The owner Debbie is extremely knowledgeable and helpful. I love just visiting so I can play with the birds in their bird room! Great selection of cages, supplies, and a great variety of birds to choose from.
1	Disgustingly dirty store. No one to greet you while there 45 minutes. Cockroaches present in bird room. Unhealthty looking plucked birds, birds not groomed (beaks and nails). No info on birds i.e. pricing, age, sex, for sale, consignment etc. Poor birds!!
4	Very knowledgeable and helpful staff, I even had good luck with some known pluckers which shows the work they put into their birds IMO....so much so I am hoping to take one home soon.... come on Happy Feet... BTW I put 4 Starz because I believe there is always room for improvement in all that we do....
1	Filthy store with cockroaches crawling around. Too many macaws and too few cages. Where do they eat and sleep? On a large ring hanging from the ceiling. These other reviewers must be blind!!
