3	Krispy Kreme is finally back in Phoenix.  Today marks the opening of 3 new stores (other two are at 620 E. Roosevelt St and 12629 N Paradise Village Parkway West).  When I walked into the spanking new store today, one very important symbol was visibly missing - the "Hot Now" sign.  To me the best part of KK, has always been a gooey warm original glazed right off the belt.  It just melts in your mouth.  Instead I received a slightly cold donut which did not even come close.I was told by the numerous service people (some of whom were obviously still very much in training) that the donuts are made in their central facility in Mesa and transported several times a day to each of their 3 Phoenix "neighborhood" locations.In this past month, we've been on a donut craze so I've eaten more than my decent share of Dunkin, Rainbow and now KK.  My conclusion is that the independently run Rainbow Donuts near Cave Creek and Greenway is the best tasting of the lot.
3	I'm always running late so I just run in and grab and go. They didn't have the snowman doughnuts I was really hoping for ... but nonetheless the ones I did pick out were fresh...but I'm wondering where they're made? 'Cause if its close... I'm there! The store seemed kinda trashy...maybe it was just the people in line in front of me... really folks... how hard is it to pick out a KK??
1	Stopped by this KK as I was passing by to see what the "new" stores would be like and once again I was very disappointed. Im a huige fan of the hot, moist glazed donut but it was no where to be found! The donuts they had seem like day-old donuts. Forget the coffee in Krispy Kreme as it tastes like gas station coffee. Very dry anhd bland. Im a huge Dunkin coffee addict as you can tell but Krispy Kreme has really gone downhill and these stores that are re-opening I dont think will last long since everyone who goes to one all says the same thing: Donuts are not what they used to be!
1	Krispy Kreme if you have been in Arizona @ least 10 years you remember going to Tempe Mall & going to the Krispy Kreme store & getting a hot glazed donut fresh from the oven or fresh donut holes. What's the point of doing Krispy Kreme if they are not fresh, instead you get hours old trucked in donuts.So I was @ this location the day of the grand opening, hence comes the nightmare. Below is my letter to the CEO:05-18-2009To whom it may concern, or the CEO of Krispy KremeI guess this has to do with my KK story, so KK recently opened a location near my apartment on Indian School Rd. in Phoenix, so I was there at their grand opening & got the GPS unit and the T shirt, & license plate holder & sunscreen & did the treasure hunt & got the years worth of free coffee and 52 weeks of free donuts. So every time I pick up a dozen for myself or someone else I tell them my story about how I camped out in front of the store at 4:30am and drove all over the valley looking for the free donuts and coffee to get all the stuff I got. So it has been great...until recently.So I have been going into store #866 which is the store I received all these prizes at and have been getting my free donuts and coffee occasionally and also have talked with several of the store managers who have allowed me to pay the difference between the regular dozen and mixed dozen so I can enjoy all your donuts not just the plain glazed donuts, and I don't mind paying the extra cash out of pocket so I can enjoy all your donuts at a minimal cost, and KK is not taking a total loss on donuts by just giving them to me for free, it was also explained that due to the fact that I might not get a dozen donuts every week, I can get multiple donuts and they will stamp my card accordingly until I get my 52 dozen.So the problem that I have had is several of your regular employees specifically Madelena which is the name on my current receipt which I am assuming is the name of the employee I dealt with since she was not wearing a name tag when I went into the store who is there almost every morning early before the manager is there and also this older white women that works with her have made it quite difficult for me to get any donuts at times.  First off stating that they won't let me pay the difference which I have worked out with several managers at this location, stating several different reasons one they can not authorize it if the manager isn't there, secondly the managers that approved that deal supposedly don't work at that location any more, and seemingly any excuse they can think of, even though I have done this at one other location in the valley. Secondly they are telling me that I can not get more then a dozen donuts at a time, even though I have missed several weeks, because the card says only a dozen per week on it. So if I go in two days in a row and they happen to be there from the day before I was there they will tell me that I can not use the card because I already got my donuts for the week. Which in turn I just drive out of my way to another location, if I really want donuts that day. It has turned into quite a hassle with these two individuals, who seem to be on a power trip of some sort, and I feel quite embarrassed when they tell me in front of other customers that I can not use the perks given to me, it tends to be an unnecessary and embarrassing scene. I don't know what their problem is KK is winning all the way around, if I get a mixed dozen, and get to talk about how great you are to all my friends and colleagues who eat your donuts it is publicity and advertising all year round or at least till I go through my 52 dozen. Plus I pay the extra for the mixed donuts and KK ends up getting money in the till from me at the end of the day. Not everyone enjoys just regular donuts over and over for 52 weeks, and since I AM PAYING for the difference in cost why shouldn't I be able to do this. All I can say is several times, these two particular employees have made it difficult to enjoy my perks that KK has given me. Is there anything that can be done so I can get my donuts and not get hassled every time I go in to this location? Perry B.P.S. I emailed this almost two months ago via the contact on the website and never received a response.Krispy Kreme response about a month later:Dear Mr. BThank you for your email regarding your local Krispy Kreme's promotion. We appreciate the time you took to share your feedback.We are committed to satisfying our customers and strive to meet the highest expectations placed upon us. We have forwarded your message to the appropriate personnel for their review. The management staff here at Krispy Kreme is always interested in customer feedback. We recognize that our success is measured by the satisfaction of our customers. Please accept our apology for any inconvenience this matter may have caused you.  We look forward to serving you again in the future.Sincerely, Shaun WilkinsKK
3	First off, I don't eat donuts.That said as a child I loved them.  Now I have children and they love them.  It is so fun for them to stand in front of the case and look at all the donuts before picking the one they want to buy and eat.This location was very clean and the gentleman who waited on us was friendly.The kids said they enjoyed the donuts as much as they do at Bosa donuts.I do miss the hot and ready ones from AZ Mills mall though.
