4	The Deluxe Pedicure is worth every dollar.  you get a sugar scrub, a pepermint mask, oil rub, and parifin wax, each with massage then on top of that you get a hot stone massage.  Your legs and feet will love you for this treatment.
5	There will be a little bit of a language barrier, but overall they have treated me very well. For the price and the level of. Service you get, this place can't be beat.
1	Just a typical nail salon. Nothing special! And the same prices as every nail shop. They did a bad job on my acrylic nails(20$), not even, color dripping off because she put to many coats. My friend got a pedi(22$) & they didn't open a clean set of tools for her. I don't know why people love this place, nothing special.
5	Boy, I never thought I would go to a nail salon by choice...until I got married. My wife loves this salon so she insisted on dragging me, I mean, bringing me along. The employees here are great! Though there is bound to be some language barrier issue, they were very tentative and friendly. They even give free water bottles to those in wait. Though I didn't get any service done myself, my wife enjoyed her time at this salon quite a bit and is very happy with her "pamper me" time. The shop was also very clean and I guess comfortable for these kind of places.
5	I understand them just fine! Monica does my nails everytime she's the best. This place has hee largest gel color selection ever!! I wouldn't go any where else regardless of what sidw of town it was on. Very clean and nice pedi chairs. They play good music too!
4	Tried this one out finally somewhere descent near where I reside =] The service is great real laid back and chill. Just wish they had more polish selection for my pedicure and another layer for my gel mani. That's it lol pricing is good too can't complain.
1	I am usually pretty laid back about my nails, but I just paid for a spa pedicure that was disappointing. I feel like it was rushed and little attention was paid to basics like dry skin removal or attempting to even out the lengths of my nails. I had planned on getting my nails done but didn't waste the time or money since I know I'll have to go somewhere else to do what I paid to get done here.
1	I'm not really one to be so picky about nail salons. But in this case as I walked in literally not one person that worked there acknowledged us. We sat down and waiting for some assistance, nobody came up to us. Even the manager glanced at us at didn't day anything. After waiting for 15 mins we walked out.In a business it's important to acknowledge every client that walks in, wether the place is busy or not.There goes 2 clients, right out the door. Never coming to this place again!
3	Two of my friends and I decided to get our nails done yesterday, and we just went as walk-ins a little after 5. They said the wait was like 20 minutes, so we didn't mind waiting. They close at 7, but stayed open to finish our nails. There were a couple other ladies finishing up as well. It was so nice of them to stay later than they're supposed to to finish our nails. However, the guy who did the nails wasn't the nicest, and by time he got to the third girl, he was rude and a little sloppy.
