4	I sauntered in here on my first afternoon in Edinburgh, bought an assortment of pieces, and carried that fudge all over Scotland for the next seven days.  Whenever I wanted a sweet, I would take it out and have a nibble.  Some were merely okay (for fudge, which means pretty darn good) and some were excellent, even after drying out over several days.  The prices were reasonable for a place whose decor and packaging seemed rather high-end.  You can get variety packs or mix and match to make your own.  Even now I can close my eyes and taste and feel on my tongue the silky chocolate giving way to walnut or coconut.  Mmm.
4	Fudge=Sugar high for me, and it's the best thing if you are after a sugar high. I came across this wee shop on my first visit to Edinburgh and was really impressed with what seemed like genuine friendliness from the owners. They offered me various samples of fudge, without the feeling you can sometimes get of obligation to buy something. This left me very content and promised to return when I came back to Edinburgh.  3 years later and they haven't changed. There are seasonal fudge flavours available, as well as a thorough explanation of their family run business philosophy and how they make their fudge. Ideal for special gifts home with a local touch added to them . That is of course if you actually like fudge.
4	Mmm... I love fudge and have tried to make it on several occasions, unfortunately my efforts tend to taste more like tablet or just an overload of char-grilled sugar so I'll leave it to the experts at the Fudge House. The only bad thing about this place is that there's so many delicious slabs of fudge to choose from making it such a difficult decision and I'm always torn. My favourite is the Rocky Road fudge bar which has a rich chocolate base, marshmallows and fruit contained inside - absolutely amazing. I've also tried the chocolate and orange fudge, turkish delight and on my last visit I was intrigued by the ginger fudge which was interesting and tasty with a nice zing to it.In comparison to The Fudge Kitchen nearby, the Fudge House is significantly cheaper and also offers a wider selection.
4	I agree with what the girls have said. The Fudge House seems to get neglected in favour of the nearby Fudge Kitchen, but in my eyes it's every bit as good (if not better!)It's absolutely packed with fudge and with their affordable prices, homemade delights and the cosy, homely feel inside their shop, it's a great place to buy a unique gift for someone. You can choose various sizes of boxes to take home, with up to ten pieces of fudge in them (or more, if you're feeling hungry). Their produce is tasty so you'll certainly regret it if you only opt for a few slices.With an impressive variety of flavours including rocky road, rum, whisky and marzipan, there's something in here to suit all kinds of tastes. They sell traditional vanilla flavours but there is a ton of fruity options for the more adventurous of sweetie eaters. The Fudge House is a wee treat on the Royal Mile, and is equally accomodating as a tenny cafe as it is a shop. Very appealing, and would suit locals as much as the tourists.
4	For Anna (see below) fudge=sugar high. For me fudge= sugar high+my tummy wondering what it did to deserve this. Don't get me wrong, this isn't the fudges' fault, it's my fault for eating copious amounts within small periods of time. This actually happened today when visiting the Fudge House.A little way down the Royal Mile the Fudge House invites you to come look, try and buy all manner of, you guessed it, fudge! There are couple of fudge shops in Edinburgh which decreases your chance of having to walk very far for fudge dosage. Actually the Fudge Kitchen is just up the road, which, when you think of the similarity between the two names, does make you wonder if this is just some capitalist ploy  to seemingly generate competition. In theory Fudge House is better than Fudge Kitchen because its an entire house  of Fudge and not just a single room. Anyway I digress...I can't really recommend any fudge too much because its all been so great. My favourite the moment is dark chocolate and strawberry. Try it all if you get a chance! Note that the ranges of fudge do change quite a lot, you can always ask about whats on offer. On a touristy note, some of this Fudge is Scottish special (like the whisky fudge), so you might want to try this while you're here.The staff are really friendly and can always recommend something if you're stuck for choice. Love fudge? Love a whole house of it!
5	A family run business, The Fudge House of Edinburgh have been supplying locals and visitors with sweet toothed treats since 1949. Based in a historic store-front on Canongate, they make each tablet of fudge by hand on site. Flavours differ day to day with a choice of everything from vanilla, butterscotch and ginger to coconut, dark chocolate and strawberry.According to the friendly man that served me, the whisky and rum & raisin flavours are particularly popular with tourists. For me personally however, it's all about the rocky road and wild tart cherry. Both are available to buy per bag or box and prices are significantly cheaper than the neighbouring Fudge Kitchen.
3	I love fudge.  It's one of my favourite sweet things to eat, and so to discover that on the Royal Mile there's a place that is full of the stuff made me happy.  I was not disappointed with what I found either.  There's a large selection of different flavours on offer, and they sell them in little fudge ingots, which look great all sat on display.  They also do home delivery, according to the website, which is an almost dangerous thing to offer.  I can't imagine the amounts of illness that have been caused by overindulging in their delicious fudge.Yes, there is another fudge shop just up the road, but as Jonny says, why have a room of fudge when you can have a whole house!
4	Passed by The Fudge House while strolling along the Royal Mile & couldn't resist....I mean, come on! Fudge, right?! Offering soft fudge & hard alike, this place can cater to the pickiest fudge connoisseur & I for one, am awfully picky I prefer the softer fudge while my parents opt for the hard & we both found multiple flavor combinations we deemed worthy Super nice staff answered all our questions about flavors & consistencies & she helped direct us to our soft / harder sides accordingly so we'd have an easier time making our choices And those choices weren't easy b/c there was SO much deliciousness! We tried a bit all over the range, from Double Chocolate, to Maple, to Butterscotch - plain & some w/ nuts, we didn't have a morsel we didn't like Prices were extremely reasonable (esp for being on the Mile) Definite fans here!
4	The Fudge House has really interesting flavors like lemon, coffee and chocolate peppermint. The prices are pretty average for a fudge shop.The fudge itself is good, but it's not noteworthy.
3	Pretty decent fudge. I had the chocolate peppermint one...it was good! but I think the fudge kitchen just up the road is far better!! sorry!
4	How does anyone... ANYONE... resist walking in to the Fudge House when strolling down the Royal Mile?  Well, we certainly can't.   Our first day in Edinburgh, we visited the castle and strolled down Royal Mile.  We passed by The Fudge House... well, not exactly passed by, we made it two steps past its front door and looked at each other... almost at the same time, asked "want to go in?"And we did, of course... And we were impressed by allll the different flavors.  We picked three flavors of the small rectangular three-bite size fudge, double chocolate, something orange with chocolate, and something berry with chocolate... I honest don't remember... I just remember they were delicious and didn't make it back with us to the hotel....
4	Showing my boyfriend's sister and friend from Italy around Edinburgh just after New Years eve, we were headed for Hollyrood palace, when my boyfriend's sister declared she was hungry. This hunger passed as soon as we walked past the Fudge house, and she remembered how much she had loved the fudge I brought her a couple of years ago. We went in... It was quite pricey, but the counter was really cute and traditional, and all the fudge was made right there on the premises. She got two varieties, a mint and a chocolate cherry, whilst my boyfriend brought turkish delight and pistachio white chocolate (he saw I had my eye on the latter, and got it for me). The friend decided to save his money, but regretted it afterward.Fudge is naturally quite sickly and rich, and for that reason, it's not something I would often eat. Given this lovely block, I did have a good nibble on it and kept going back to it as I felt the need for a bit of energy later on in the dame. It was extremely creamy, melt in the mouth and delicious. Pistachio and white chocolate was a delicious combination, though I think I could have done without the white chocolate.If you want fudge, you couldn't do better than the fudge house.
5	A wide range of mouth watering fudge sold here.   It is a family run business that has been in this location for many, many years! You can watch the fudge being made through large glass windows!  Super delicious!!!  Try the butter tablet.  I think this unique to Scotland!!
4	Not a big fan of fudge. From previous experience....you get fudge from your local newsagent...by the check out...usually sitting right next to thr charity tub...when I first came to study...I have always been curious about what is that fudge thing....didnt even know how to even read it properly...I used to call it the soap looking fud gee....lolzzz... never bought one..and thought yea maybe someone will buy it and I will just try a bit... that day never came...no one buys that stuff...so eventually my curiosity took over and I got one from the local shop.....  first bite......   its sooo sweet...and..caramelly..toffee ish butterly.....I did not like it.  So it was out of my life for a good twelve years.  At least I killed my curiosity.  Then one day in Summer, walking along Royal mile..passing The Fudge House.....didn't think I would pay any attention to it as I was walking past...but then it caught my eyes...all these colourful bricks laying nicely in their glass show case.... it was so elegantly layout...and there my curiosity was alive...and thought ok..a decades past..maybe I should give thr fudge a second try..( I know how to pronounce it now )And yes I did. Not just one fudge.  I came back out with a whole gift box of fudge..I think it was roughly 12 to 15 pieces... all different flavours.  PistachioCoconutTriple chocolateStrawberryOrange chocolateCaramelCookies and cream ( I think )And some others...nearly everything they had that day...Yep..gone crazyAnyway there were so many choicesAnd the taste ... was really good.  Definitely not like the ones I had twelve years ago.. not too sweet..and the flavours were brilliant especially the fruity ones..I love the orange and strawberry ones.. Usually I say no to fudgeBut for The Fudge House fudgeA definite yes...Even just a tiny weeny bit..
5	While not a cheap confection, the fudge at the fudge house needs little elaboration. It is simply delicious. Of course it is a neat shop to wander into, and the irresistible aroma is probably what entices most passerby to enter, the taste and texture of the fudge is incredible. I tried a sea salt caramel fudge and was blown away by the rich almost nuttiness of the sugary caramel flavor. The salt was the perfect accent to this sweet treat. If I ever make it back to Edinburgh, I will definitely stop at the fudge house.
5	Fudgey FUDGE FUDGE!!! I love it :) I was so lucky to stumble upon this glorious place while visiting Edinburgh. I was taking a stroll down the royal mile and there it was, I immediately looked like a dog looking into a butcher shops window.  The building is so cute, made of stone with 3 fancy white signs saying "FUDGE HOUSE" plain and to the point, because this is what they are famous for, fudge.  Along the window were stacked bars of fudge and baking utensils. They have an old school looking wooden door painted white with fancy black hinges which leads you in with the smells and aroma of sweet fudge. Once inside the place is not very big but it is packed with over 27 types of fudge flavours ranging from classics such as butter tablet, various chocolate fudges and white chocolate to specialty fudge such as chocolate orange, Lemon Meringue Pie, & whiskey flavour!  The shop workers are very friendly and welcoming and will answer any questions you have about the fudge. I decided to go with a classic Butter Tablet and some fudge with a Scottish twist, the whiskey flavour, both VERY delicious but the Tablet of course is number one in my book! I would definitely recommend this place to all my friends and family....now if only I could have taken a few back home for them to try, but I ate it all!! :-p
5	My wife and I wanted something sweet for a mid-afternoon snack. The Fudge House had a  great selection of amazing fudge! Who could resist that?!?!? We each picked two: highland cream and key lime pie for me, butterscotch and Italian nougat for her.The highland cream was (as you might expect) creamy and exceptionally sugary, while the key lime pie was nice and tart. Her butterscotch fudge tasted exactly like Werther's Originals. I liked the Italian nougat too, which was chocolatey and creamy at the same time.We had done a fair amount of hiking around earlier in the day, and The Fudge House was the perfect pick-me-up.
5	I am drinking whisky and eating fudge from The Fudge House, a few thousand miles away at home after my trip to Edinburgh last week.  And on a high from this glorious combination of alcohol and sugar.How much do I love their fudge?  Let's just say that I went in 3 times, in the 3 days I was there.  And brought home a 10 piece fudge box that I'm trying to ration, but suspect I will fail rather badly at that. The smell of fudge in the shop is insane, if they had chairs in there, I would never leave. Triple chocolate was a delight, and the first bar I tried. I was so shocked at how enjoyable it was as I was bracing myself for just an overly sweet confectionary with little else to offer, flavor wise.  The texture was a little crumbly, but the chocolate really packed a punch. The other flavor that I really enjoyed by recommendation of the nice lady working in the shop is the almond toffee cream.  I don't even know where to start, the flavor is so creamy and intense. I bought highland cream after reading other reviews, and while it was also yummy, but I was already spoilt by the more complex flavors of the previous 2 bars.  Even though you could taste the cream, but it tasted mostly just like sugar to me. There are still a few other flavors that I haven't gotten to, but I couldn't wait to sing this shops' praises!  I'm in love.  So please excuse me while I turn my attention back to my new found love.
4	I've only ever eaten chocolate fudge in the States. It's mushy and kinda greasy. And I hate it. Scottish fudge is a totally different beast. I stepped into Fudge House by chance and was very surprised to see how different the fudge here looks than in the US. It was presented in rectangular blocks and appeared more firm than the fudge I'm accustomed to seeing. There were tons of different flavors like pistachio, rocky road, and hazelnut chocolate. I was able to try various samples and noticed that the fudge had a firmer texture, was less greasy, and tasted a bit grittier. It had a very unique texture, but was comparable in sweetness to its American counterpart. Made to last only a few days, I only purchased a couple tablets to bring home. Their fudge is a bit pricey, but I think it makes a nice, unique gift to bring home to family and friends. If you are looking for souvenirs, Fudge House is a good place to consider. TIP:  If you like their Facebook page and spend 10 pounds, they will give you one fudge bar free!
