3	Typical greasy spoon diner fare, which is what you should expect going in.I can recommend the scramble - with jalapenos, as they use fresh jalapenos with a good bite (spicy). Other than that, it's pretty much what you'd expect from a traditional diner. Coffee, hashbrowns, etc. Not overly amazing, but not bad either. We normally just go when we have a coupon to burn there for a buy-1-get-1 free meal, etc.
4	Perfect greasy food for the night after a bender, or a family breakfast. I'm cool bringing my 10-month old here because it's noisy and with so many other kids around she pretty much goes unnoticed, except by the nice waitresses.
3	Breakfast special was quite a deal, with too much food to eat.  Everything was just right as far as diner breakfast food goes.  Coffee was refilled promptly.  Food just isn't anything to write home about.
3	Good breakfast.
5	I'm from California and Ive only been to a place like this like twice and they really only have one diner like this available to go to (RUBY'S) not that its bad or anything but I've gone to it so many times and its become less of a diner and more of a restaurant, you say to yourself they are the same thing...no they are not...its the ambiance that you can tell the difference. I frequent to AZ and I've driven by this place a lot but I've never stopped until a couple weekends ago. I'm glad I did, this little diner is so cute and the food was delish. The waitress was super nice and she kept our coffee topped off (which is a bid deal to my fiance and I haha). They have a real working juke box that you can select music from. From what I hear they have car shows there too..i can't wait to check out one of those shows. I'll definitely come back.
2	Not exactly what I would call a great place to eat. If you want to take your teenager out for a shake or ice cream you may enjoy it :)
5	I have always loved this place.   Good Food, fair price,  and typically a couple of cute girls working there.  All around good place..   its a go to .
5	Great specials. Today was chicken tender wrap $5.99 um um good
5	I Love 5 & Diner, and this is by fart my favorite location. It's very clean, and the staff is always very nice. No one can beat the Oreo Milkshake, it's a must have!! My mom loves liver and onions, and while I myself don't have an appetite for them, she loves them here and prefers them over other restaurants.
4	very frequent guest of this location and have never left upset of the food or service.  all the staff is friendly from the busboys on up to management.  their food is good and reasonable and large servings.  I have eaten here for all meals the only thing I would not reorder is the Cadillac meatloaf, everything else has been superb!
