5	My hair looks amazing. Sheila did a great job as always. She is friendly, professional and always on time. I will be back!
4	Jeri is a magician with my hair. All women know your hairdresser  is one of the mist important people in your life. She is amazing, up to date on all the new styles abs tricks. The salon is clean, huge and offers endless services. I've only used Jeri. But there is a pearl skin station and 100's of other services. Great summerlin location. Across from The Boca target. Great French bakery next door for lunch before or after your 'me time'. Hair products are also available for sale too. Redken thicking lotion is a MUST have for people with thin, fine or limp hair!! Although in a pinch you can buy it at Alta. Jeri is always able to work around my schedule and always sends me reminders!! A true jewel in summerlin. Ask for Jeri!!
5	I am SO GLAD I found Jessica McCandles at Body Spa West...she is an amazing Colorist/ ColorExpert/ Instructor!!! I found her through Groupon, and I won't trust my hair to anyone else. Her prices are great and she's really personable and gives great advice. She never lets me exceed the limits on my hair and always recommends products that are AFFORDABLE. She is knowledgeable and VERY SKILLFUL... She took be from dark brown to a NATURAL LOOKING BLOND... Anyone that has seen my old photos are surprised that my hair isn't natural!!! LOLShe will give you the BEST rates in town...and give you the BEST service in town on top of that... Jessica is AMAZING
3	The Body Spa has lots of independent contractors and many have individual yelp sites.  I clicked on the main spa instead of my stylists site which is "James and Gaye at Body Spa" so while I would give the 5 stars for great cut, color, styles, etc the overall spa I have to give 3 stars to since my only other experience was with initially getting in (the place is huge and checking in the first time was a bit off) and I had one mani-pedi that was just OK.
5	Love Jessica Mc. as a colorist, she is very very knowledgeable. Super safe if you cherish your healthy hair! I love her work and my precious time, she is very quick, not to mention very reasonable prices. I highly recommend Her!
5	I met Jessica McCandles at another salon & followed her to Body Spa West. She is an expect coloris& stylist! She is a color instructor that travels around the US teaching other stylists. She is the only person I trust in the Las Vegas valley to color, cut & style my hair. I have natural curly hair & she truly understands that not every style or technique will work with type of hair. Her prices are very reasonable! I always love having my hair done by Jessica. She is so nice & so knowledgeable! I am always so relaxed & looking gorgeous when I leave.
5	My son & daughter have been going to Holly Peterson for over a year now.  Her prices are great and she does such a great job.  She is always flexable with getting them in with school and sports its hard to schedule, but she always manages. Holly is sweet and I would tell anyone to go to her.
5	Erik Anderson is our regular stylist. Worked great with my kiddos.  Very Autism friendly! !
5	Great place. I have a girl I go to if any1 is interested 1st timers. She is the best.U can always do a walk in a get a cut and or color. They have a few newbies that r not busy so u could get right in. This place is busy and it has everything its a spa ladies come on.
1	Literally just had the WORST pedicure of my life here. It took over an hour the lady seemed like she had no idea what she was doing and didn't even offer me somewhere to dry my nails. Horrible, horrible, horrible!! And on top of that it cost $40, which is acceptable for an awesome one in a beautiful place but not this trashy, overpriced, inexperienced place. Never again
5	Rachel Fox is amaze!  So detailed and clean!  I love her work!   Go see her!  ICalled and she stayed late to squeeze me in for a quick gel polish and I adore her!!!
5	Sara Shulmas is amazing! Show her any picture and she can do it. She's friendly, makes good suggestions, and just helps you have a wonderful experience.
5	Heidi Mancini (hair) and Kathy (nails) are wonderfully, talented people.  I've been seeing both for years.  I recommend them highly.
5	Just got my daughter's hair cut by Robert Sabatino here. He has cut her hair several times over the many years I have known him. We live in Los Angeles and make our way to Vegas rarely.  This trip he has shown me how poorly the previous cut from LA was. My daughter now looks like a little fashion model.I know he has vast experience in his trade. He was once an assistant to Vidal Sassoon in Beverly Hills.He is one of a few experts with curly hair and cannot be beat with any color challenge.If your color is messed up then go to Robert.
