5	This is a great store for finding unique gifts or pieces to spruce up your home.  Nancy is a very talented home decorator who can transform your home for the holidays or give any room a complete redesign.They have collectibles like Sid Dickens and Woof & Poof as well as custom iron pieces for your fireplace, artwork, potpourri and more.My daughter loved looking at all the Vera Bradley and found a pen she just couldn't live without!
1	Rude, rude, rude! What a bunch of snooty people who feel they are doing you a favor for being there! I have shopped at LemonTree about a half dozen times, my husband has circled back on his own to buy me gifts I commented on. Each time I felt like the workers / owners or whoever they are have this annoyed tone about them, they go about their business at check out, completely ignoring you until they are ready to "deal" with you. I have always brushed it off but last night, I went to grab a couple of gifts...other than a group of three people together, the store was empty, as it usually is when I go. I waited for the group of three to check out and head toward the door. I went to the counter and placed the items on it and stood there and stood and stood for almost two minutes while one woman immediately turned her back to me while standing and the other was seated...the woman standing turned around and looked at me over her half glasses and said "Hello" then turned her back again and for another minute  and a half continued to handle whatever business they were doing. I felt like an idiot who did not even register on their radar. How hard would it have been to say "I'll be right with you..." or "Just one quick moment" instead of setting a tone (as they have before) like I need them and I am lucky they will even speak to me. So, I turned and walked out. When I approached my car, I noticed the snooty glasses wearing woman come out of another door and say "Excuse me" I just looked at her and said, "Rude!" She went on to say something that I could not understand so I repeated, "Rude...you are rude!" And I went on my way. I will never be back. They all need to take a class in customer service and also take a look in the mirror and have a reality check on exactly who they are and what their purpose is in a gift shop...to tend to the customer in a friendly hospitable manner.
5	So in love with this store!! I wish I would have came here sooner!! Beautiful, unique home decor at reasonable prices! Love that they offer great coupons for huge discounts!! The owners are so so sweet!
5	What a cute store!  They have unique decor items that were fun to look at.  They had a gorgeous selection of throw blankets as well.   The employees were very kind and inviting, including the sweet dog! :)  We'll be back!
5	I love this store!! Unique decor Items and right now for christmas its 50% off christmas decor and ornaments. The owners are very warm and friendly and so is sweet Chester, the dog. They were not rude or snooty by any means.
5	Just bought some candles for an event basket and they smell so good!  I love going to Lemontree just to see what is new and beautiful in the land of design.  Plus, they always have adorable and unique seasonal items - right now, I keep eyeing their Nora Fleming Servingware - have you ever seen it?  Brilliant and elegant!  I won't spoil the surprise, go check it out for yourself.
