5	I've been to several Wal Mart's throughout the valley and this location is my favorite.  The store is bigger than all the other stores, the aisles are very wide and their products are well-stocked (many other locations run into this problem).  Everything just looks very neat and organized which makes your shopping experience much more enjoyable.
5	If and when I absolutely, positively have to get something from Wal-Mart, I try my best to do it at this location because it is just better than the rest. This location is huge, usually very busy, but somehow they make it organized and backed by decent customer service. Went in to do a return and buy some things for my pup, and there was amazingly no line for returns, and it was a very quick and easy transaction, even when one of the items did not have a receipt. One of the main reasons I keep coming here is because they have all the necessities I need to take care of my dog on the cheap. They have a good selection of food, treats, and they are one of the few places that don't gouge you on bags for their business. On this particular occasion I grabbed a bunch of product and went to the register in the 20 items or less area - with no line again. The lady who rang my items up was very friendly and the transaction was very smooth. I spent less than 15 minutes total here which if you have been to any other Wal-Marts around trying to do the exact same thing I did, it would definitely be longer with an added amount of stress. This location is by far the only Wal-Mart I will ever like to deal with. Decent parking, good customer service, and the price is definitely right.
4	The previous reviewers weren't fooling when they said this place was huge.  Even the aisleways are nearly double the size of any other Wal-Mart where I live and this is as clean and organized a location as I've seen.    I had to see it for myself, so that's why I picked this over any of the other Wal-Marts in the Las Vegas valley.I came here for a few odds and ends that I needed, but not at a Las Vegas hotel price and was not disappointed by the selection they had here.  An interesting thing about this location is that it's adjacent to one of the runways of the McCarran Airport, so if you'll hear the jets roaring by every so often, especially near the sporting goods area.
1	I use to have to stock this location when I was a merch for Coke, so was in and out all the time and saw all of everything that went on in the store. The produce is treated poorly and left on the backroom floor, employees are rude and NOT helpful, and to top it off the store is wayyyy too busy and always overcrowded with FAR to few checklanes open. I would stear clear of this store.
3	Well, what can I say, I never normally have an opportunity to shop at Wal Mart as there isn't one nearby my house and I am not the type to drive 30 minutes or more just to do that.However, on this Thanksgiving we were in need of a cable to hook to the I-Phone for playing in the rental car so we thought we would take a chance that it wasn't too crazy.And actually, while it was busy it wasn't crazy out there.  We managed to find the cable and a few other odds and ends and we were on our way.The customer service desk actually opened up and took us out of line and got us rang up and out of there very quickly, despite the long lines of folks trying to pay and get out of there.  I was curious it looked like most people were buying food, etc.  I would have thought the turkey shopping would have been done by the day of but what do I know?Good for a quick stop on the way to Laughlin.
1	Asked a store clerk for help, SHE DIDN'T speak English! THIS IS THE USA, United States of America. What was even funnier is I asked her where safety pins were, she said " The Pharmacy". WAL-MART COME ON, you are a profitable company I am sure you can find someone that understands ENGLISH.
4	Awesome store hours!!
3	What do you expect from Walmart? It's big, has ALMOST everything you need, and locks the side of the store that you park on 5 minutes after you get there. I went around 10ish on a Friday night to pick up some random stuff and black pants. I didn't realize that it would be so difficult to find black pants here. There were a total of 5 pants, all of which were either way too big, or way too small. I had to go to Target to get some pants. It always seems that there are never enough check out stands, bc when I went to go buy my two things, I had to wait in a line 5 people deep. There were only two lanes open, and both had long lines.I don't expect much from Walfart, but I do expect them to carry black pants!!
3	Another one of my go to places when I need goodies when I go to Vegas. Great selection, good prices and if you go early in the morning, there isnt much of a line.
1	This is a Review of the Eye Center in the Walmart.I got my eyes checked at the Walmart with no issue, but when I went into the eye center, I was expecting to get the $33 sale, since my glasses had just broke and I don't have insurance until next month. When I walked in, the women was very rude, grabbed my prescription, and said that she wasn't going to give me the deal. I had even explained that right now I have no insurance and showed how my glasses are broke and unrepairable, and that I would be getting a better pair after my insurance kicked in. She said that she would not sell the cheaper lenses for my prescription, and that I would have to get the most expensive lenses hey sold.  So instead of getting a pair for $33 plus tax as it was advertised, she quoted that the cheapest she would sell it it is $215.I walked out and was able to get the cheap lenses for my prescription at an Eyemasters instead.  I emailed Walmart about this the Friday before last, when it happened, and have not received a reply back, So I will not go to an Walmart Eye Center again.
3	Now having spent my early adolescence on the east coast, in small towns where there was a limited amount of things to do. You had a bowling alley, a movie theater, and your local Walmart. Walmart was a place where me and the posse would spend our time. It was like our mall, especially in Kentucky where the nearest mall was an hour away. This being said, I know how Walmarts work and I know what to look for when it comes to the positives and negatives, at least I would like to think so. This Walmart is pretty great. I am greeted every time I come in and every time I leave unless they are occupied with others. I know where everything is, but when I don't, there is always someone around it seems, like they are just waiting for me to ask them a question. For the most part the place is clean, their prices pretty good, and their selection pretty awesome. I give it it a three because it is nothing spectacular, nothing over the top for your average Walmart. Plus, I cannot cheat on Target like that.
1	Worst customer service I've ever experienced!  It is impossible to find someone who works here, and after the 20 minutes it takes to find an employee they never seem to know where items are.  always giving the general excuse "this isn't my normal section".  Even the customer service manager is lacking in his skills.  Completely disappointed in my entire experience every time I've gone to that store.  the pharmacy is terrible as well!  I've waited over two hours to get a prescription before meanwhile watching the blond pharmacist stack yes STACK boxes randomly instead of filling prescriptions.  terrible experience.  You would think i would learn my lesson from these past experiences but no i went again HOPING that things would have changed.  I needed to return some pink streamers that i ended up not needing.  After waiting patiently at customer service the lady reamed me for not having some sticker on my packaging.  I kept repeating, what do i need the sticker for i have THE RECEIPT!  She then went on to say "well this is how the return policy works, have you NEVER shopped at a Walmart before?"  I informed her that I've never shopped at such an incompetent Walmart such as this one before, and that i will NOT be making this mistake again.  I avoid this place like the plague.
2	My initial reaction was positive when I walked in and saw the nice produce.  After that, everything went downhill.  I needed to get some flavored coffee.  The area was littered with spilled coffee beans from people and the shelf below the holding tubes had four or five bags with different amounts of beans that were just left there.When I went to add beans to the hopper of the grinder, it was 3/4 full with beans someone had just dumped in there and left.  The top of the grinder where the beans go was filthy with grounds from previously ground beans and loose beans.  The whole area was disgusting.I didn't buy any coffee here.  Instead, I went to the checkout and left.  When I got home, I looked for one item I knew I had picked up.  It was then I realized she hadn't bagged it and it was still at the store--I guess.  That's my mistake for not checking.I won't be stopping at this location again.  It's awful!
3	My first time in Walmart!  Wow this place is HUGE! McDonalds right inside too! So much stuff to look and and so much cheap things to buy.  I wish I was in there longer, but of course that would get me ito trouble.  So we stopped in to get the necessities and came across the alcohol section.  The booze wasnt as cheap as I expected, but what can you expect I'm in Vegas!  Everything else was very cheap though so it was good to stock up on water and a few things while staying in Vegas.
2	This Walmart was very sad.  The area isn't that great (not dangerous just not super nice) and although I was able to get everything I need and not have to wait in a long line I probably wouldn't go back.  The store looked very old and definitely needs some sprucing up.
4	I want to thank Doug in the hardware department for finding me a pair of diagonal cutting pliers to cut my piece of crap bike lock cable when the key wouldn't go into the stupid lock. It did the trick and for only seven dollars which is sad given it was securing a 300+ bike - don't ever buy a masterlock. I also have never had an issue with annoying loss-prevention here.
3	wally world- what can i say they are open 24hrs a day and if you need torjan condoms, booze, or yeast infection cream in the wee hours this is the store to go to.
4	Went to the oil & lube to get my tires rotated since my vehicle was pulling to one side.  Before heading out I did a bit of research about pulling possibilites and their causes/solutions. I also checked out my car for any visual indications of this problem and none were found.Having had a near rip-off at another shop (see my review of Purrfect Auto) I thought I'd give WalMart a chance.Pros:     NO sales pitches     Service was quick. In the AM on a weekday though     Fair price     Cons:     Lack of any sense of "happy to see you" service     Despite my asking, they did not mention what else MAY be off with the car     One employee was repeatedly rude to another...right in front of me     You get that "I'm a number" feelingOne of the tires/wheels, although not worn abnormally, was likely the cause (radial pull) since the car tracks straight now.  They did not even mention balancing which was a much higher price point.Keep in mind that since WalMart auto services (at this location) does not have the capability to do brake work, alignment, or other "skilled" services that may be the reason they did not attempt to upsell me on unnecessary work as is common at other shops.Although I did not choose to change the oil this time I must say I would NOT go for their tier 2 oil change service.  Stick with the "standard" oil change which is reasonably priced.While I was there a lady dropped off her car, went shopping (WalMart's oil & lube is connected to the main store) and came back about 15 minutes later.  Her oil was changed and she left.  Can't do this at one of those independent lube shops.
3	I am not a huge fan of Walmart. That said, like the DMV or the dentist, sometimes a trip here is inevitable. If you live on the eastside and need to pick up a few cheap, low quality items in the grand tradition of Walmart, this is the place. The one on Trop will give you the clap, and the one farther down Eastern is just a pain to get to from central Las Vegas. This place seems clean enough, well-stocked enough, and decently managed. That'll do just fine.
3	This is a pretty basic Walmart. Not my favorite around town, but I come here during my lunch hour sometimes since it's convenient. The checkout lines always move slower than I would like, but otherwise it's pretty standard.
2	This Walmart is still relatively new which is a plus on the clean side. The options are severely limited. I got an ad advertising for Halloween. As I was looking around, it had barely anything which was advertised in the paper. After asking a sales associate if there was more somewhere around the store, he assured me that this was it. Good thing Halloween was right in front, because I turned around and walked on out.
3	This is my location of choice in this area. Shopped here a lot when I lived here before. Was so happy that I didn't have to shop that dreaded Marks location anymore. I lived in Summerlin the past two years and absolutely loved the location on Ft. Apache. It actually made shopping Walmart a non-chore and obstacle. Imagine a Walmart without "Walmartians". Since moving back to this area, this is the only Walmart I'll shop unless I am near the Serene and Eastern location. I love the selection here. It makes me tolerate the fact that I don't have my Summerlin location anymore. It is clean, for the most part, and has a lot of products that I love. And the prices vary. I have found certain items here more expensive than they were in Summerlin and things cheaper than they were in Summerlin. I guess that goes to buying trends for each store. The "Walmartians" are a plenty at this location! Definitely makes this man on a mission to be in and out when I shop here. Outside of that, I will be shopping here a lot.
1	Visiting my parents and my Dad suggested this location for a better selection of items, wasn't really impressed, for a large store it was very dirty and items were out of stock. It wasn't very busy and upon check out there wasn't many registers open, we passed up the 10 items or less counter being we had 16 items to two lanes over, there was a women ahead of us with  quite a large cart and price matching as well. I am a patient person so i waited....and waited. My husband had been watching the 10 item or less lane with no one in it for some time and decided we should move over, when we started to unload the cashier said "no, no 10 items or less only" pointing to her sign. I explained we had been waiting on the other lane, patiently, with no movement. She stayed firm to her "no". At that time another lane adjoining her opened up and we moved over. As this cashier rang us up another couple started to unload at 10 items or less lane, the checker began ringing their stuff and right off the bat there was about 8 t.v. Dinners and they had about 10 more items in their cart!! i couldn't believe it, when i asked her why my 16 items were too much but there's wasn't? She quickly tried to tell the couple  they'd have to move (after she bagged half their stuff). But then she continued on, she could've at least apologized. The only reason they are getting a star is because the checker that did check us out was very apologetic and offered the manager. This Walmart really needs to work on its customer service!! (the lady in the first lane we were in was still price matching as we left)
3	Not bad for a Walmart trip.  Surprisingly it wasn't as crowded as I'd expected for the Saturday of Memorial Day weekend. Got a bunch of camping gear for $44 and didn't even wait in line.With that being said it is still Walmart and the usual trash that makes up Walmart's customer base was out in full effect.  I hate to be that way.  I know many normal, upstanding, yet frugal people that shop at Walmart too (like my wife).  But, come on, we've all seen the ridiculous pictures on the web of how some people dress when they shop at Walmart.  And, I'm sure you've all been in a Walmart before, shopping, minding your own business and then SMACK, you look up, see the people you are surrounded by and say to yourself, "What the hell am I doing in this place?!?"Oh well, I digress...  As far as Walmart experiences go, this one was fairly painless...
5	Oh yeah! I'm not going to act all excited about this particular store, but it has C'd my A many times. It has everything I need,  24 hours per day. Seriously from emergency in the middle of the night baby runs,  the massive grocery shopping trip, or even stocking up with guests for the EDC weekend. This gargantuan store has just about everything one would feasibly need; 24 hours a day.
3	I recommend for anyone that lives in the 89119 area to go to THAT WALMART. DO NOT, and I repeat, DO NOT go to the Walmart that's on Tropicana and McLeod. This Walmart has a bigger selection on anything you need. (Food, Clothing, Shoes, anything you need at home.)Its clean, the employees there are alot more helpful. The only thing that I can point out that is wrong with the store is.... Like most stores, it would be nice to have more lanes open for shoppers, and somehow the employees are never around when you need them the most. LOL Self checkout is a pain to use... But its better than waiting forever in a lane ESPECIALLY if you are there on the first of the month! IF you are not on SNAP/EBT DO NOT go to ANY market or else you'll be waiting forever in line like I once did...Aside from all of that, overall; this Supercenter is not bad at all. Also, for your convenience, there is a Lowes, Ross, Petsmart, and other stores just incase if walmart may not have what you are looking for.
3	Went in to buy a fan for my room since mine after 10 years went out. They tell us its just a seasonal thing and they did not have anymore. I had to go to another store and buy it.
5	i had never been to this walmart before and though walmarts usually suck due to waaaay to many people at the end of the day this is the main place i get all my things so i try to do a walmart trip oce every two weeks or so.....i loved this one...nice clean and organized !!! great selection and even good customer service !!!defiantly coming back !!!
4	Everything I need under one roof!
1	lately i'm not liking walmart's service, i think it's because the employees are not happy there, so it rubbing off on their customer, try the nearest Target, it may be 2 or 3 cents more expensive at Target, but the customer service is MUCH better than Walmart
1	WORST WALMART EVER. Ugh , they didn't want to help at all , the people in the back didn't want to help . But the cashiers were okay I guess they put the worst employees in the back of the store. I only go here cause I have too. It's presentation is pretty much like every other Walmart but with worse customer service .
1	Two complaints, one chain-wise and one store-specific: I really don't like that Walmart is so crazy about Duck Dynasty, it is everywhere in the store. But that is not the-straw- that-broke-the-proverbial-camel's-back, the thing that just pissed me off was there was a sale today, all Christmas items 75 percent off. When I got to the check-out I told the checker that they were in the clearance isle, and asked her to verify that the price was right. It was wrong, so she said she had to call a manager. I was informed by the manager that the first two items were NOT on clearance, and would be full price, even though there were a bunch of them stacked in the 75 percent off section of the store. The other item cost $3.97, and she told me that it would be $1.94. I looked at her and said "is that 75 percent off?" and she said "yes". May I re-stress that  this was a MANAGER! Now, I was not a math major in college, but I do not understand how that is 75% off. I turned down all three items.   I am a caretaker of a lady that loves Walmart, so I will continue taking her to their stores, but when I realized that they promote Duck Dynasty and add to that the crappy service I have consistently gotten, I will now spend MY money elsewhere.
4	An enormous Walmart with wide aisles and more stock than any I've been to, even the employees are friendly.  Whatever they're doing at this location needs to be exported to the spot on Charleston and Spring Mountain.
3	Stopped by here a while back, and it felt like I was at Target.  There was hardly any people around at all.  It was about 10pm and the place was so quiet and so very clean.   It was great to be here without crowds of people one would normally find at Walmart stores.I do not recall if this was a supercenter branch, but I do remember it being very big.  They had what we needed, and we were in and out fairly quick.If I were still a Walmart fan, I'd definitely return to this branch.  Nowadays, though, I no longer am a Walmart fan.  3 stars
1	If you can go to another Walmart, you should. This one has had poor customer service every time we have shopped there. The produce selection is lacking in freshness to say the least. We brought one of our vehicles in to have the oil changed but when we were told that the guy would meet us outside to check the car and because he had to get his scanner we ended up waiting about 15 minutes before I came back in and found him by the door just smoking. Another example of the extremely poor service at this location. Needless to say I did not get my oil changed here and will not anytime in the future. A very disappointing day all around from the tire lube express to the deli and finally check out.
1	staff in the return department absolutely horrible no manners whatsoever dealing with with customers
2	I'm so tired of walmart trying to be slick. We all know what takes place here. We enter for one item then we end up with a basket full of stuff then walmart shows their thanks to you by having only 3 cashiers available to get you out of the store. We have busy lives we trying to return to. What on earth are the owners thinking. I don't wish to spend 45 or 65 minutes with your cashier just in line looking stupid. The employees they work for you. I don't and I should not have to be forced to wait in line that long all because your to cheap & selfish to hire more workers. I have family & a life to return to. It sure would be nice if I could shop in peace then get out of the store in a timely but quick fashion. It's unacceptable that we must wait 60 to 65 minutes just to pay & leave!
5	i went in yesterday with a task from my boss... he had purchased a  hood for our company mascots tank and someone has stolen the lights out of the box... nicholas the manager was amazingly helpful... and solved my problem
3	This is a typical Walmart. Always so busy here, unless you come super early in the morning or late at night. The only reason I come to this particular location is because it's the closest one to my house. I've never come to this location and found it nice and neat. It always has boxes or stuff in the lanes. Bathroom is almost always gross!!! I don't use them here if I don't have to.
1	This Walmart has the laziest most idiotic workers I've ever been to. The managers are rude and don't know what they are doing. Total disgrace!!!!
