4	Noticed a sign one day that there is a natural pet food store by Whole Foods, but never bothered to go in since I'm kinda a loyalist to my store. My dogs loved these hoove chews  though I couldn't find anywhere so one day we walked in. They did have some hooves and these sections of femur bone that I know they would be all over so we left with that. We did look around and they do have a good selection of food and the prices seemed right. They had some treats, chews, and some toys. They also had a room with cat stuff. According to the website, they have grooming, but I did not notice any when we were there a month ago so it must be in the back through a door.The guy who was there seemed nice enough and talked to us about our dogs. He also had a cute little scruffy Schnauzer shop dog. First impression seems good...I can't really say much from a short one time visit other than that. I would stop in though and see for yourself, there isn't any other natural pet stores in the area.
5	My first experience at this store was for an adoption event so they get five stars right off the bat for supporting rescue organizations.  This visit I stopped in because I had some question about what I am currently feeding my three dogs.  I was greeted by Cashew, a beautiful, friendly Golden Retriever.  I'm not positive but I get the feeling it was a husband and wife running the store.  In any case, they were both extremely helpful and knowledgeable about high quality foods, different price points to fit my budget and my desire to keep them on an all life stage food. I left with a couple samples and some wet food as treats.  I'm going to see how my kids like the samples and go from there.  Their prices are reasonable and I have been receiving coupons because I am signed up for their emails.  They had items there like slow feed bowls, dental cleaning products, supplements, etc., items that you don't see at stores like Petco or Petsmart or if you do the prices are higher.  If you are looking for high quality food for your pet this is a great place to come.  They also have a grooming shop.
5	Unfortunately I won't be going here because I'm moving from the state but my multiple visits to Nature's Pet Market were memorable enough to give it five stars. Both the employees and the owner are knowledgable and friendly which is necessary for a small pet market like this one. They have a wide variety of foods, toys, and everything you need to keep your furry little friends happy and healthy. Too bad I'm moving because I was ready to give this place all my business. Best of luck guys!
5	I love this place. Dan & his wife are very helpful. My dogs eat healthier than me. Cow cheeks and Pig ears are like Doggie Crack. my dogs go crazy when they see me walking up with a small brown bag.
5	Wonderful owners, you can tell they love doing what they do! So helpful and friendly. I won't take my dog anywhere else.
5	Everyone there are so friendly and helpful, they love all kinds of dogs.We started taking our pitbull there since he was 3 months old and now he's 1 year old. They love having him there and our dog loves going there. Our dog gets so spoiled when we go in, with all the love and treats/toys we buy him. If you have a bully/pitbull, you should definitely try maximum bully. They also have those cow knee caps with meat on them for $5, can't go wrong with those.If you're in the area or need things for your pet, should stop by! I guarantee you and your pet will love it!
5	Excellent selection of foods, toys, bones, and leashes/collars. Owner is very knowledgeable about all the products offered and such a nice guy! They have holistic and organic options. Overall great place, great service, and great products!
5	We were referred to this marvelous pet food and supply store by our professional dog trainer.  I am so grateful to find a small business who treat customers and their precious pets like we are important and special.  These folks deserve return business!
5	I have shopped at a lot of pet stores around town and his one is by far my favorite. Their selection is great and their prices are excellent. Most of their prices match online price points and you don't find that at other area pet stores. On top of that you receive a warm welcome upon arrival and they have a friendly, helpful staff who answer questions in a thoughtful, knowledgeable manner. I am most impressed with the fact that they email you in regard to pet food recalls and alerts. I have given my email address to lots of other pet stores and have NEVER been informed of recall/alert information. Just another way they go the extra mile for their customers.
5	Today was the first visit, the quality of selection was close to Healthy Tails, but they have one thing that give them a head start - a huge selection of free samples!Our dog is pretty picky about the dog food, and she's so stubborn that she'd rather give up meal than having mediocre food. Dogs resemble owners! Also she eats so little that a standard 5 lbs bag would take a month to consume. It's best try before buy!Consider myself a fan!
5	I've been to this store twice since it's located in the same plaza as whole foods. Dan is the owner and he is so nice and helpful. I came here looking for puppy milk replacement and he helped me find the right one. He even read the instructions for me! Lol The store has a huge variety of different brands so you'll certainly be able to find what you're looking for. If they don't have a brand you want, they can check with their vendors and see if they can get it for you. Awesome store!
5	The owner's have always been very friendly and knowledgeable of the products they sell.  If you want to try a product then usually they have a sample to give to your pooch.  The selection of high end, organic, and natural dog foods is better than most places.  Go support this small business!
