4	Stopped by after reading Darren's review.   Unfortunately, that bbq has close, but...a new place has already opened in its place.  Was talking with our server and he said they opened on April 4.  The previous bbq that was in this location was only open about one to two months and closed.  The building owner worked with Swhinery to open up. www.facebook.com/theswhineryThe bar area does allow smoking not including the smoke from the smoked meat.  The restaurant in the back room is non-smoking. Swhinery bbq has won awards at many bbq cook offs up and down the east coast.  Check out their facebook page and look at the banners on the side of the building.The food is good.  The Blackened tuna with sesame had some nice flavors and definitely had sesame favor, was cooked perfectly and was a great meal.  The ribs are good.  The ribs come with the Swhinery bbq sauce that is a little sweet but has some sharpness.  There is a Hot Swhinery bbq sauce that I preferred.  Also, a mustardy Carolina sauce is available.  Was surprised at the variety on the menu.
5	This place has some of the best BBQ I ever had in my life and the stuff is super friendly and funny
5	This new barbecue restaurant is what the city of Pittsburgh needs. This is by far, hands down, the best barbecue I have ever had. I stop there this afternoon for lunch with my significant other. She had crab cakes (I know, why the heck she order seafood from a BBQ restaurant?) and I had 1/2 Rack of Ribs and some Pull Pork. We even had some smoked wings for an appetizer. Everything, including her seafood, was wonderful. The server and the bartender were very nice and helpful. It has that southern barbecue restaurant feel with sauces and paper towels on the tables and everything is smoked with REAL WOOD from their brisket to ribs to wings to whole chickens. Plus everything is homemade from their sauces to sides.I had a chance to speak to the owners, Shawn and Lenny, since the kitchen is in open view on the one side of the restaurant. They actually came to check on us as we ate to ensure that our food and service were great.  When the owners are there and making sure each plate of food going out is great, why would you go somewhere else?They are actually a real nation barbecue touring team that has been up and down the east coast. You see 100s of trophies they have won on the walls in the restaurant. They are like the ones you see down at Heinz Field.  They stated with all the success they have had they decided they want to bring barbecue to Pittsburgh full time and I do not blame them! They have only been open for a few weeks for a soft opening and planning their grand opening next month. I would recommend going now!
5	We met these folks at the "Taste of Brookline" event on April 28 and I've been back two times.  The ribs fall off the bone, the wings are great and the pulled pork delicious! I'm looking forward to trying the prime rib some weekend. Today I'm just grabbing some take out orders for the Pens game.  They have a full bar and enough flat screens to make it a place to stop by often. It's a must stop if you like a cold one with your BBQ..
5	The food was excellent. Great pulled pork sandwich and coleslaw! The Cincinnati was a little spicy but I loved it. The service was friendly and prompt and prices were reasonable. Definitely will be returning!
5	We had dinner there this evening.  It was great.  The ribs and chicken are fall off the bone wonderful. Even the really picky eater in our group loved it.  It was nice we went late 830 pm no one else was in the dinning section.  This is a place waiting to be discovered.  They also do take out which we are going to try soon.
4	I really loved this place. The sauces were my favorite That I have tried thus far for bbq. As for the ribs, like everyone else has said, literally they do fall of of the bone! So good! I also had the smoked chicken, which was excellent. The corn bread was very good, it was drizzled with a sweet melted butter glaze and very large compared to other places who serve corn bread. The mac-n-cheese came in these cute martini glasses that gave it a great touch to the overall presentation. To top it off, the owner, Lenny, was so gracious and kind to us and was very detailed with his presentation, and very detailed in response to my boyfriend's and myself's questions about the food, and business, he even let us sample us sample his famous chili with four meats in the ingredients which was so tasty and different I loved it. I highly recommend this place to anyone!
5	I had read good reviews already so I was excited to check this place out and they really did exceed my expectations. The service was very friendly and helpful. When I asked about the sauces for the wings the next thing I knew the cook was letting me sample all of them to get a good idea of what I wanted (I'm happy to say all were delicious).  The kitchen is right out in the front and we got to personally talk to the chef and owner who made great recommendations and was an all around great guy. He made us feel so welcome and was clearly enjoying his time cooking. I order the baby back ribs with a side of Mac and cheese. The Mac and cheese was so creamy and amazing I would have been happy with just a big bowl of that for dinner. The ribs were fabulous! Smokey and tender, they fell right off the bone. the table offers three of their award winning sauces so you can pick and choose what you want to put on (I personally loved the Carolina gold). My boyfriend got the prime rib sandwich with a side of fries and oh dear lord I have never in my life seen a prime rib sandwich like this! It was HUGE!! It was cooked wonderfully and I was a little jealous of his choice (but luckily my ribs were just as amazing). The fries were also wonderful. They had a nice garlic taste to them. I would definitely recommend this place to all my friends (which I will be doing) and I will definitely be returning (I'm very excited to try their wings). Great barbecue, great atmosphere, great service, great people, great EVERYTHING! Try this place you won't be disappointed.
5	The Swhinery Smokehouse was fantastic. The portions were huge and the BBQ was definitely something to write home about. I couldn't believe how reasonable the prices were. It wasn't until after I had left that I learned about their many awards. Well deserved! I will definitely be back!
4	My daughter, and I, agreed this would be a good lunch spot to hold her over until our annual trip south for our gluttony marathons. Upon walking in, and finding a table in the back, we both asked for sweet tea. I'm not sure if sweet tea is a daily request, or if our request caught our hosts off guard. Needless to say, on a muggy, hazy Pittsburgh afternoon, our sweet iced teas were fantastic! And we both appreciated our teas, if we forgot to thank our hosts during our visit.As an app, we had the three bone teaser, to get a 'taste' of what Swhinery had to offer, and were happy with the tenderness, and tanginess of the ribs. My daughter ordered the beef brisket sandwich, and I had the crab cake sandwich. Both sandwiches were exactly what we were expecting, tasty huge schmackerels of slow cooked beef, and lightly breaded crab cake. French fries were nestled alongside the sandwiches which took up most of the real estate of our plates. Katie, or (Kate), our server was really friendly. Sitting in the back of the restaurant, my daughter loved the record covered walls, and record covered ceiling. Looking forward to visiting Swhinery again!!
2	We have been on a Pittsburgh "mission" so to speak to try and taste all the BBQ joints in the greater Pittsburgh area. Today we tried the Swhinery and report is:Ribs were OK but very fatty....did not seem to be of a high quality?Brisket served was ice cold and had very little smoke or BBQ taste.Pulled chicken really was best of the 3 but was not really "pulled" but seemed to just be chucks of chicken not actually pulled. Mac n Cheese was bacon mixed and again just OKPotato salad was very goodChili nachos were good and a huge portion.Overall we have just experienced far better across the board at several of the other BBQ joints we have tried thus far. I believe the Swhinery was the 10th place we have tried and it is definitely in the bottom 5 IMO. Price was pretty fair and service was very good. Wish the BBQ had been better!!
4	Just ate at the Swhinery tonight.  Overall a decent experience.  4 stars due to some amazing BBQ, but the environment isn't anything special.We went around 8 pm on a Saturday.  The place was dead, which sort of surprised me for a Saturday.The staff was very pleasant seating us and the very polite waitress took our order promptly.  I decided on the prime rib.  They have two sizes:  King and Queen.  I ordered the Queen size (14.95), and when it came out, it was way bigger than I thought it would be.The prime rib was just as juicy and delicious as it looked. I topped it with some Swhinery Hot bbq sauce which only made it better.Along with my prime rib came baked beans and a side of Parmesan crusted fries.  Wow, these were great, especially if you top them with some Bbq sauce.The front of the restaurant has an open-kitchen style, so you can see your food being prepared.  But if you don't want to listen to the banter between the cooks and other staff, there's a separate dining area in the back as well.Not much else to say.  Loved the food and hope this place is in it for the long-haul.  The last restaurant in this spot (Cent Anni's) was great also and closed due to not paying drink taxes.  Here's to hoping Swhinery doesn't make that mistake and keeps their delicious BBQ around for years to come.
5	We over ordered our first time. We had 3 adults to feed and two little ones. We ordered a full rack of baby back ribs with a side of potato salad and cornbread. Then we got a two meat combo w/St. Louis ribs and chicken with Gouda/bacon Mac and fries as a side. Then we ordered a pulled pork sandwich with mac&cheese and baked beans. Then we also ordered a plate of chicken tenders which were huge and hand breaded and delicious with a citrus seasoning. We had soooooo much food we all ate and then had left overs for two more generous meals for 2 adults and 2 kids. Loved the gold sauce! We will definitely get take out again!
1	This has to be the first time I was ever in a place that, bearing the nick name Man Cave, actually looked like a cave.  The place is filthy, the floors gross and the kitchen which is open to the bar area, will make you shudder.  It is a mess.  It is attached to a bar that allows smoking so the entire place smells like a wet cigarette.  Its totally gross.The food is pork, beef and chicken in fried, sauced and oiled forms.  I had the pulled pork sandwich with baked beans.  The pork was fine, the beans delicious.  My fellow diners had ribs which were very good, and a angus burger which was ok.  The fries served with the burger were cold from the time they arrived.  No zucchini on the menu and no soup either.  People eating in here are huge.  Well....go figure.If you are the slightest bit health conscious about what you eat and how its cooked, stay away.  If you like cave food that is fried, soaked and battered you have just hit heaven.
4	Two words . . . Come Hungry!  We had 3 adults and took home food. Two of us ordered combo plates that had chicken and Baby Back Ribs. With the combos you get two sides. We chose corn, baked beans, Gouda and bacon Mac n' cheese, and potato salad. They were all very tasty. The 3rd adult ordered a dozen wings. Please note that the wings are FULL sized wings, not drumettes. Six of the wings had Swhinery sauce on them and the other 6 had Smoky Blue. Both were fabulous. The fact that the wings are grilled instead of fried took the taste to a whole other level.  The owner is super nice. He Gavin's us samples of the chili to try while we were reading the menu. It was full of pulled pork and had a little kick to it. I would definitely come back to eat it. Great food!!
3	I checked out their booth with a friend at the Heinz Field Rib Fest on Fri. evening.  This is the first year I've gone, and I believe it's the first year they've participated.  I wanted to check out one of the local purveyors of ribs, and I'd heard good things about Swhinery, so I decided to give them a try.My friend and I both ordered the 3-bone teaser (we're both relatively small women) with two sides, which we split.  We both had the cornbread, and I ordered the bacon mac 'n cheese, and she ordered the baked beans.  The ribs themselves were very good--they were very tender with a nice smoky flavor and fell off the bone.  The ribs came covered with a tangy tomato-based BBQ sauce, which was reminiscent flavor- and consistency-wise of the sauce on the ribs I had at a BBQ place in Atlanta (Daddy D'z).  However, this sauce had a spicy kick that that sauce didn't have that I wasn't a huge fan of (I don't believe BBQ sauce is supposed to be spicy unless specified).  I think I saw red pepper flakes in the sauce, which was probably the source of the heat. The bacon mac was okay, but it didn't wow me the way I was hoping it would, and I felt similarly about the cornbread.  The baked beans, on the other hand, were the highlight of the meal, with a nice sweet/savory flavor profile reminiscent of the baked beans my grandmother used to serve.While this meal was definitely filling and satisfying, I doubt that I'd go out of my way to try the restaurant itself (it's in Beechview, a section of the city I never get to), and I'd probably try another rib purveyor if I return to the Rib Fest next year.   3.5 stars.
5	Pittsburgh has a BBQ boom to match the craft beer explosion so we are living in a very delicious time. I was told about this place from a trusted BBQ friend and they did not let me down. The ownership had just changed so there were a few kinks to work out but you would never know that with the food. LOVED IT! I had an order of garlic parm wings that were amazing. Hard to believed they were fried. Slight crisp and flavorful but not greasy. 1/2 slab of St Louis style ribs were meaty, perfectly cooked (unlike others I've had who cook the meat and leave it in warming pans so its a mess) and the coleslaw side was fantastic. Bartender was very pleasant and the patrons were very friendly as well. It felt like I was hanging out with friends.
2	Update:  this restaurant has been sold to a new owner. We had to sit in the bar because they weren't seating people in the restaurant. The waitress brought us our sodas and they were all flat. Yuck!  She took them back and brought us back water. We ordered mild wings (because I'm a wimp), chicken tenders, a rack of ribs, and a Bleu burger. The wings were the best of what we ordered. The were fresh made, hot band crispy and had the perfect amount of sauce. I would definitely order them again. The chicken tenders were the kind you would order at any restaurant. Nothing notable. They were actually rather tasteless. They seemed soggy and not crispy. The burger was good. It was made fresh and cooked to the temperature requested. The bun totally overwhelmed the meat. The burger came with a choice of side and we chose the Bacon Mac N Cheese. My advice would be to pick another side. You couldn't taste the bacon and even though it looked cheesy and had cheese melted on top, it didn't taste cheesy. Not to mentioned it was served room temperature. The ribs were a total fail. They were very smoky but you had to cut the meat off the bones. I like my ribs falling off the bone. We were sadly disappointed.  We ordered the fried to go with the ribs. They are your basic bar fries. I don't think we'll be back. I can get good wings at places closer to home.
1	This place serves the worst ribs I have ever had in my life.  I complained twice to the waitress about how bad the ribs were, but she didn't do anything about it.  DO NOT EAT HERE.
1	We bought a just pay half for the Swhinery a couple of months ago.  We read reviews that urged us to go. The Voucher expires in December.  We went on Monday November 10, 2014.  It was wing night so we ordered some mild buffalo wings which were good, but we came for the smoked meats.  There was only 2 other couples at the bar, and the place was dead.  The place was dingy and dirty, but we kept saying we were on an adventure so we went with it.  The Tattered Swhinery sign was nowhere to be seen, but we assumed from reviews that it was still the Swhinery.  We ordered a full rack of ribs also with the bacon mac n Cheese.  The ribs were old and barely warm and the bacon mac n Cheese was rancid.  It could not be eaten! It also looked old!  We at least liked the wings as I said before, but did not finish the ribs or side.  We pulled out our just pay half voucher That we paid $10 for $20 and the waitress said that they were no longer the Swhinery and they would not accept our voucher.  Needless to say, we were upset that we were reading all of the good reviews on yelp and were severely disappointed.  Please take any references to the Swhinery off yelp as it is totally misleading!
5	So very delicious.  I highly recommend you try this place. It's Smokehouse Bar and Grill.  The service was great.  Very sweet woman running the bar. The ribs, brisket and pork were all tender.  Smoky flavor on the ribs.  Tender brisket and pork. Sauces were so good, I can't wait to come try their wings and sauces.
3	I stopped by here over the summer with my father for lunch.  We arrived shortly after 11:30 to an open door for the restaurant and walked inside.  There was no one there and initially we were confused where we should go.  Since we didn't see anyone coming to greet us we decided to go left only to see an empty room.  Since that was a dead end then we decided to go the other way and saw a gentleman sitting in a chair.  He sort of looked like he worked there and so we waited for him to talk to us which he did not.  Thankfully at this point a waitress came out from somewhere in the back and told us to sit where we wanted.For lunch my father and I decided to start out our meal by ordering the Tennessee nachos which were essentially pulled pork nachos.  Then for my entree I ended up ordering the pulled chicken sandwich while my dad went with the french dip sandwich.  Whenever the nachos came out I have to admit that I was pretty impressed with the sheer size of them.  They could have easily been a meal and a half for a person eating alone.  They ended up tasting decently and my father and I finished half of them before our entrees made it out and we ended up taking the other half home.  My sandwich ended up tasting ok as well although I was missing any smokiness from the chicken (and the pork on our nachos for that matter).  So from that standpoint I didn't feel like I was eating a chicken sandwich from a BBQ joint.  At least their BBQ sauces tasted pretty decent.The bottom line for me is that I would probably head back here again in the future.  While the food itself was just ok, I really the appreciated the quantity that you received for your money.
