5	I needed a bunkie board (like a box spring, but only 2 inches high) for our bed - just doesn't have much support without something between the mattress and the slats.  Anyway, looked online and everything was going to be a wait and pretty expensive.  I called Mattress Firma and Charlie helped me order the item over the phone AND was able to get it delivered TONIGHT!  So excited to have some support under my mattress!
1	Whatever you do DO NOT PURCHASE A RETURNED no warranty mattress here!!!  I made the huge mistake and my back is killing me.  There is nothing they can do to return or exchange it, because it's not part of the deal I signed.  They've tried to pull me into the store to purchase ANOTHER new mattress, but I couldn't even afford the first one.  Biggest financial mistake I've made in a long time, and I'll be paying for it for a very very long time with back pain and lack of sleep.  I'm sure it's fine to buy new there, but please do not buy an already returned version.  Stupid mistake!
1	Let's see was what happens today...Ordered 3 mattresses (after confirmation they'd have all 3 to me by the 10 day deadline (move in with kids coming to help and spring break!) and then call the night before delivery at 8pm- oops- sorry- back order!! Surely they knew sooner then the night before there was a problem...  So furious!! Will post resolution once they open- shoddy business practice at its worst.  I wish I'd have stuck with my original location for mattresses with the good Yelp reviews!! Now I have to deal with this... Ill be back later.
5	HONEST EMPLOYEE noticed a vehicle hit our car in the parking lot and take off, but Mr. Danny Baker wrote down the license plate number for us.  THANK YOU SO MUCH!  Can't wait to buy the mattress for our master bedroom from you as soon as our new house is finished.
1	Tried to look at mattresses today. The female associate followed us through the store, talking nonstop about the mattresses. It was had to tell what we were looking at. She kept stressing what she liked then commented that that might not be our preference. It would have been nice to get some information then have time to try some of them out without her constant yapping and presence. We will be purchasing several sets of mattresses but not here.
5	We were in and out of Mattress Firm (Pima Rd Location) in 30 mins. Justin asked the right questions and we found our bed very quickly for a great deal! The delivery was quick/efficient and they wore shoe covers! Best of all, we slept on the mattress last night and it was the best sleep we've had in a while! Great experience!
5	I went into the Raintree location for an inexpensive mattress and box frame...Justin and Wayne came right out to help me...Not only were they very helpful, but they were both extremely personable...I have been to places before where they try to upsell you...They realized my budget and did not try, which I appreciated...They made sure I got the best possible deal, and the earliest delivery that was convenient for me!
1	Arrived at Mattress Firm Scottsdale location (new store) by Hayden and Frank Lloyd Write Blvd.  The sales person was moderately helpful initially, however, when I asked for a price, he told me that if I were ready to buy today, he could offer me a great price, otherwise, come back another day.  I asked what the price was and he refused to tell me and walked away.  I left the store shortly thereafter, having a blast from the past 1980s used car buying experience at this store.I've contacted the Mattress Firm corporate office to share this experience.  Based on their response, this company is not particularly concerned with customer experience.  I have no desire to deal with their sleazy salesman and would not shop at any of their stores.
