3	I stayed at this Hampton for a week for work not long ago and had a good experience.  While I'd have rather been on the Strip, neck deep in awesomeness, this place was convenient to my assignment and was pretty close to lots of restaurants and some shopping.  The hotel itself is spankin' new, and everything was clean and crisp.  My room was roomy and as comfortable as expected.  I was disappointed by the breakfast, which consisted of some weird looking reconstituted eggs on some days, odd bagel bite kinda things on others, and lots of bad-tasting fruit.  Next time I'll hit Mickey D's for a sausage burrito instead of subjecting my taste buds to that chemical warfare.On the whole, a recommended establishment.
4	Stayed here for 10 days when we first got here and were looking for apartments/rental houses. I actually really liked this place. The hotel was nice and clean, room service came everyday, there was a pool that i enjoyed a few times :) At the time we didn't have our vehicle yet since it was in the process of getting shipped from my husbands last duty station, so luckily, alot of things were within walking distance. We would just walk to the Cannery casino, Del Taco, and more conveniently, when we needed a vehicle, Enterprise was a 2 minute walk as well! Everything you'll need was nearby, so cant really complain too much. Another positive thing was that the area wasn't bad either. For being on Craig road, I was expecting a ghetto, but it was quite decent.
4	Really nice rooms, friendly service. Far off the strip so no bother and no noise.Stayed there 1 night on a stop over. well worth the drive out for a quite time.
4	My husband and I stayed here for Electric Daisy Carnival this year & loved it! We drove down from Seattle for the show & wanted to be close to the Las Vegas Motor Speedway (about 5 miles away) to avoid the massive amounts of traffic/shuttle waits that people staying on the strip experienced.  The staff here was super nice, friendly, & helpful.  The pool was small, but clean and cold (yay! because it was 100+ the whole time!).  The rooms were decent sized & the bathrooms had nice, newly remodeled touches. The fridge was a nice touch & helped us to save $ on food while we were there.  The bed was super comfy (which was greatly appreciated after spending hours at a massive rave) & very clean. Although whatever they use to wash the bedding had a very distinct & intense smell (coming from a fragrance free home, could just be because we don't use smelly detergents/bleach).  There are lots of cheap, good places to eat around this hotel. I'd recommend #1 Hawaiian Barbecue (located a few blocks north of the hotel) and Viva Zapata (omg best authentic Mexican food I think I've ever had).  Also there is just about everything you could need right on E Craig (Target, drug stores, gas stations, food, etc). Unlike the strip, where stuff is marked way up.  I should also note that we're not gamblers or smokers, so the strip wasn't really what we came for & the fact that people can smoke in any casino was kind of gross. I think we will probably stay on the strip next year just to be close to friends going to EDC too, but would recommend this spot to any traveler looking to experience Vegas from a safe distance.
5	It's an average Hampton Inn, clean and friendly. The clerk at the front desk was extremely helpful!
4	It was the start of a long vacation and we just needed a room for the night. I am Hilton loyal through and through so it was a no brainer to pick this Hampton Inn since it had us on the NE side of town so we could make an early start for Zion. After a long day of travel, checking in to this hotel allowed us to meet one of the most helpful people of our whole trip.  Shaq was working the front desk and he was the nicest, most helpful, coolest desk clerk I have encountered in a long time. He may have worked for Southwest Airlines in another life back when they used to be able to joke around. Clean room, good pantry selection, quiet and comfortable. That's about all I need.Would definitely recommend it.
5	Very happy with our stay! Customer service was outstanding! All the amenities seemed endless. Breakfast was delicious with tons of options. Coffee always fresh. Room was very clean. Stayed 4 nights. Lots of food options within walking distance. Have to get Old School Pizza from down the street  if you stay here. We would've had it everyday if it was open! Also, right across the street there is a bus stop that takes you directly downtown, nonstop! Very convenient.  Will definitely stay here again!
4	We always stay at this hotel, because it is so close to Las Vegas Motor Speedway. Plenty of parking place, clean and very nice staff. The reason I am not giving 5 stars, the pool is outdoors and no jacuzzi.
5	The rooms were clean. The hotel was quiet. We had an awesome stay. Shaq, the front desk manager was great. He greeted us by name each time we came in and out. We would definitely stay there again when we are in Las Vegas.
