2	I am not one to visit chain restaurants, but this one just opened and the Mrs. and I decided to give it a try.We got there on a weekend and it was early about 5:00 p.m.  We were the only customers in the place...given, it had just recenly opened.The brisket was a little fatty andgristly, but had a decent flavor to it.  The waffle fries were ok.  We shared their BBQ ribs...nothing to write home about.  I did enjoy their mashed baked potatoes...could have had more of that dish.They use a lot of paper cups...a cup for the each side, cups for the sauce, cups for drinks, cups for ice cream, cups for pickles, etc....and ketchup packets?..no thanks!My biggest complaint?  Customer service.  There were 5 employees (including the owner) when we were leaving.  Not ONE of them thanked us or said good-by.  We considered it very rude since we were their ONLY customers.Dickey, you must put forth much more effert if you are going keep your doors open.  Sorry.
4	Decided to give the place a try last Saturday. Simple and clean. Loved the brisket sandwhich. My two sides included coleslaw and mac&cheese. Sampled my friend's waffel fries. Food was delicious and reminded me of typical southern slow smoked BBQ. Sauces were tasty and jar of pickles and soft serve ice cream added a nice touch. We were both filled and satisfied. Employees were young high school age. They were couteous and helpful.  Mrs Owner came out, said hello, and asked what we thought.  I have been back and I will be back.
1	Awful service. Extremely slow and not efficient whatsoever. And food was terrible. Chopped brisket tasted like gristle and was way too greasy. The rolls were just flour cinder blocks. Plus they completely messed up my fiance's order and he never received one of his side dishes. Over priced and awful food. Plus I walked out smelling like a grease pit...
1	Terrible. I was really disappointed with this place. I didn't go in with high expectations since its a franchise in a strip mall, but it was worse than expected. They were out of baked potatoes (which were the daily special), limited side dishes which were already pre-packaged, and the meat was just "meh", nothing to write home about. I did like the sauces bust did not like the hard, dry rolls and didn't understand why the meat plate included a raw onion!?! I was excited to have another food option near by but I don't plan on returning. If you want chain bbq nearby,  go to famous daves. If you want great local bbq nearby, go to Joe's! If you want overpriced mediocre bbq, eat HERE!
4	I  am sad this place has so many low star reviews. I work behind the shopping center just east of Dickey's, so my boyfriend & I come here often for lunch... to the point where I'm pretty sure the entire staff recognizes and remembers us. It's my favourite lunch option in the immediate area that gets me back to work within my allotted 30 minutes. I am completely addicted to their Spicy Cheddar Sausage, and the Pulled Pork is also quite delicious. So I tend to stick to their 1 or 2 meat plates. They offer 3 different kinds of BBQ sauce - I always opt for Original, but they also have a Spicy and a Sweet. They offer complimentary pickles AND soft serve ice cream. I don't recommend putting those two things together, but free is always good! Boyfriend & I have always experienced top notch service here, but we pretty much always come after their lunch rush. Staff has never been anything less than helpful and friendly. We get greeted, they offer to take our empty baskets, and we get thanked when we leave. :)
3	When I drive by my girlfriend's work, my heart breaks a little bit every time. My favorite bbq of Arizona came to a quiet end a few years ago and my stomach has never recovered, and at times I want to refuse Jruggs ever shut down.  I had dreamed of filling the wall with notations of the times I had finished multiple full racks of their ribs with photos of my gluttonous glory, but alas, only a single lonely notation remains upon the walls inside dated February 12th, 2010.  Sometimes I drive by at night and hold a candle in memory of all the good times there.  This grown man has no shame in crying over his lost bbq love!So with that said, I'm not entirely sure how I feel about Dickey's.  I feel like this is sort of like how you break up with a totally awesome chick, and if you fly solo long enough you start counting nickels as dime pieces.  The first time I went, the ribs were fatty, godawful, completely lacking in any sense of smokiness, with their redeeming items being their fried okra and decent, tangy sauce.  Subsequent visits have discovered the wonder of their Spicy Cheddar sausage, Onion Tanglers, Waffle Fries, and other sides, with their ribs still being hit or miss.  If there were other BBQ places in the vicinity I'd probably be eager for an upgrade, but with this being whats available I come here once a week with my gf.  They seem to have replaced some of their more slow working employees, with service being much faster than previously.  All in all, lots of places can do better, but lots of places do worse, and no other places are in a comfortable vicinity for a work lunch break, so if thats what you are doing, then this is a good place to go versus the plethora of other chains in the area.
2	I could see why this place has such inconsistent reviews. I can totally agree with some of the low and high reviews on here. For example, I think they really need to work on their customer service. The wait can be horrendous here sometimes especially during lunch hours. And it seems like the employees don't even bother to rush or speed up what they are doing. Everything works on their time here. Plus, the older lady (is she the owner?) is helllaaa stingy with the food. They measure and weigh every single thing here! Am I at a science lab? I mean I get it, you wanna maximize your $$ and keep the food portions consistent. But when restaurants start weighing your food items that really turns me off. As for the upsides of this place. The food is decent (ok) and they got pickles and free soft serve ice cream! YES. So yea. I'm very hesitant to give more than 3 stars.
2	Went in around 6pm on a Monday night and was one of only two customers in the place.  I was expecting that the staff would make it a point to be especially welcoming and helpful, but was disappointed in that nobody even noticed that I was at the counter until I cleared my throat to alert them to my presence.  A bad start but I figured maybe they were still new and might be having an "off" day.Ordered a brisket sandwich...which was carefully and obviously portioned.  Clearly, they were only as "generous: as they needed to be and not a tenth of an ounce more.  Really put me off.  Likewise, the side orders were carefully portioned with a level scoop into a paper cup.  Sorry, but it didn't feel the least bit hospitable at all.The moment of truth: the food.  Bun on which my sandwich was served was stale and fell apart as I ate the sandwich, turning it into a kinfe-and-fork meal as it disintegrated.  Meat was OK...not bad, but certainly one would not need to look far to find a superior meal.  The mashed potatoes were OK and the beans were nothing special either. Portions were adequate but neither overly large or small.During the meal, the owner and the manager seemed to be instructing a couple of unhelpful and marginally competent teeneagers who seemed uninterested in their jobs during my interaction with them. On my trip through the line, which took eight minutes (even though I was the only customer in the line, and one of only two in the restaurant) the employees did not work together to expedite my order.Sorry to say, they are going to have to make a fairly big turnaround in their service time, their employee attitudes, their obvious portion control, and the freshness of their buns. I'll probably give it one more try, hoping that my experience is the result of the fact that the restaurant is still new and they don't have their operation smoothed out yet.  My prediction is that in two month's time, the restaurant will be a success or will be padlocked with a "For Rent" sign in the window.  This restaurant has a lot of potential but will be quickly out of business if it doesn't shape up.
3	A couple of weeks ago our daughter and son-in-law took us to their favorite BBQ place in Durham, NC. The food was fantastic and we were pleased when we found a Dickie's right in our own backyard here in the Phx area. Had lunch there yesterday. The food was consistant with the NC location but the service was not. Thus... 3 stars instead of more. I don't think the register girl knew how to speak.Food and prices do warrant a return visit. Hopefully they will get their act together because they are a contender in the East Valley Barbeque restaurant market.
4	Let me tell you about my friend, Chopped Brisket. I try not to eat a lot of red meat, but when I crave it, only few things will satisfy the craving. Dickey's Chopped Brisket is one of them. Paired with a half-roll/half-biscuit and any of their sides, I recommend splitting the sweet tea with the unsweetened tea. Don't forget ice cream at the end. The staff is unpredictable, some of the young girls can be very unprofessional, but it doesn't stop me from a repeat visit.
5	Excellent BBQ!  Three in my family ate different menu items, each was great, especially the pulled pork.  Loved the sauce, roll and free pickles too.
3	Just had the brisket salad, I must admit the brisket is very good.  The salad itself is quite small for $8 but it was tasty.  Service was friendly but slow
4	This place has amazing tasting food-specials every day and consistantly delicious.The fried okra is terrific,,everything we have had is great -including the (Free) ice cream-
4	Great place for a quick lunch. Visited with Dan T. for a lunch break one day and it was amazing. My favorite dish was the side of sausages you can get with cheddar and jalapeno chunks in them. Highly recommended if your're in a BBQ mood for the day.
1	This place can be summed up in one word........ridiculous.  My fiance and I have been to this location several times.  At first, the service was reasonable.  However during the past few visits, the service has been horrible.  First, we called in a pick up order which was supposed to be ready in 20 minutes.  I arrived at the location in 30 minutes and the staff hadn't even started the order and was absolutely clueless on what to do.  Yet, I tried to be patient, picked up my food and went home.Second, we called in another pick up order.  Again it would be ready in 20 minutes.  I arrived at the 20 minute mark and to my surprise, they hadn't even started the order.  Well, this was enough, I simply advised the staff to forget the order and left the property to hit up Joe's BBQ in Gilbert, who told me my order would be ready in 10 minutes..........and it was.I typically don't write reviews on restaurants, however, I felt I needed to advise Dickey's of their service issues.  I did, and the manager promised changed and for me to try it again.  So about one week later I made the same order and they were on time for once.  The manager promised change and thanked us for giving Dickey's another chance.About a month later, we sent in another pick up order and nothing had changed.  It was the same ordeal again.  I absolutely refuse to visit this Dickey's location and spend my money at this establishment.  My fiance still had faith in this location, however the same exact service was provided to her.  Obviously there are some management and staff issues at this location as they have no idea how to properly deal with To-Go orders.  Take it from me, you are better off driving over to Joe's BBQ or visit the Dickey's location in Scottsdale.  The Scottsdale location has never once given my fiance and I this type of service.As a disclaimer, I want for you to keep in mind that during all of these visits, it wasn't busy.  There wasn't a line going out the door.  It simply came down to a lazy staff and lack of management that caused these issues.  I am firm in my decision that I will never get food from this location.......even if it were FREE!.
5	Good picnic table style ambiance.  The old woman with the name tag Grandma took our order.  She was really talkative and made me and the wife feel at home.  We picked up a family pack for the two of us, and our grandson who's in from Denver.  Great for takeout!  When you think about it, if I go to the AJ's near our house, to cook this same meal would cost about $60, so to have it cooked and ready for $25 is a really good deal and leaves me more time to spend having fun and catching up without having to clean 1 single pot!  Now that's convenient, or as we say in Italy: La Dolce Vita!
2	The people who work here are rude. I requested half brisket and half pulled pork (instead of just 1 meat) and they made faces like it was such a pain in their rear. The workers are just unfriendly in general. Plus this place skimps you on the meat. It's a shame because the meats are really tasty.
3	I found Dickey's on Groupon and got a XL family pack which was good for dinner for 3 and 3 lunches the following day. The BBQ is good, solid food that I would go back and visit for again. Nothing super great to write home about and travel to the ends of the earth for but good enough that I'd return. Try the brisket. Stay away from the Mac and cheese it's a bit bland. The original sauce is great!
2	Very disappointed in this location. It really deserves 2 stars, and looking at the other reviews, my experience was not an anomaly. Service was slow; they need more people working there; some employees were not friendly (though some were fine). I have been to other Dickey's locations and service was much better (friendlier, more professional, and faster.) My family and I got there at 6pm on a Sunday and waited a while in line, but we were lucky -- the line was to the door the entire time we were there, and moved very slowly. They were completely out of waffle fries, very low on the standard BBQ sauce, and out of the spicy. They ran out of ice cream, and after we finished we heard the employees telling customers they were out of macaroni and cheese. The location is small and tables are crammed together, and we had a hard time getting up to do anything (like get drinks). And since I eat chicken but not pork or beef, I'd appreciate if they didn't cut our chicken right on top of the mess from the other meats.I will say that most of the food itself is fine; the chicken is tender; the BBQ sauce is good; the kids enjoyed some nuggets; we liked the stuffed baked potato. But the mac and cheese is awful; it's like cheese soup. And my son, who loves Caesar salad, took one bite of his and declared that he didn't like it; our youngest daughter (who also loves Caesar salad, and who hadn't heard our son express his distaste) took a bite and declared the same. I opted not to find out for myself.Finally, it seems unfair that I could not couple the Groupon with the "kids eat free on Sunday" deal. We spent $12 on the Groupon, good for $24 only toward family packs; for that amount we would have gotten 2 adult meals and therefore 2 free kids' meals. And we still had to buy drinks. (Oh, and they were out of large cups.) So using the Groupon wasn't a good deal. We ended up separately buying the potato and a BBQ chicken sandwich (not a great deal at $5.50) to get the kids' meals free and took most of the family pack home. (Kids want nuggets; there's no way around that.)There are other Dickey's locations that aren't too far. Or we'll go back to Joe's Real BBQ. (For the record, Tom's BBQ in Mesa is just ok; our favorite is Phil's in San Diego.)
2	The meat is delicious, but would be better if it weren't cold. The meat is sliced, and then you wait for the sides. The man working the meat portion was fine, very pleasant. The woman in charge of the sides was in the back room, so the food sat there a couple minutes until she came out. Then we watched them scrape the bottom of the container for the mac and cheese (not good!), which took more time, while our food got colder and colder. By the time we got it, it was barely warm. There weren't any rolls, so we waited about 10 minutes for those...this location is struggling! My parents have been here several times and swear they've never had such poor service or cold food. I guess you take your chances.
2	I tried them out because of a Groupon, I met several family members there we had a total of 3 Groupons.  The place was dead, only one other family was there, went on a Saturday afternoon (4 ish).  Customer service does not exists here, we were not greeted at all, the cashier was to busy texting to even look at you. We got brisket, chicken and pulled pork.  The chicken and brisket were good, the pork dry.  I question  if they actually cook onsite as all the meat was pulled out of a warmer and was wrapped in plastic.  The potato salad is disgusting, more like mashed potatoes they threw some left over stuff into.  The waffle fries were pretty good, happened to be fresh which was a plus.  Would not be in my top 5 places to go for BBQ.
4	great tasting bbq, nice clean place, very friendly staff
4	Was super surprised how good it was . Some of the best BBQ i have had in Arizona. Love the spicy BBQ sauce.
3	As far as taste goes this place is fantastic!  Several choices of BBQ sauce and tasty sides to go with your chosen meat.  The only reason I gave Dickies 3 Stars is because although my taste buds love it, my stomach does not.
5	So so good!! Not only is the food great the service is excellent!! Awesome job! Plus kids eat free Sunday and free ice cream!
5	Just moved to AZ and was looking for my new favorite bbq restaurant. Tried Joe's out and was really disappointed. So I found Dickey's on Yelp and thought I would give it a try.  I tried the 3 meat plate: hot links, ribs, and ham. Got coleslaw and beans on the side. I liked everything on my plate especially the ribs. Also they have a selection of bbq sauces that you can help yourself to. The sweet one was deeeeelicous (if you like KC Masterpiece sauce you will love this one) and I also tried the spicy one which was great as well. The coleslaw was so good. Nice and creamy, not dry, and sweet. They also give you free soft serve ice cream! Wow! And the service was so great. It is not somewhere where you have a waiter. You order at the cashier, but they actually went out their way to bring it to the table, checked on us during our meal, and came by to clear our plates. They greeted us coming in and thanked us going out. I will DEFINATELY be back. I'm getting hungry just thinking about them! I recommend this place!!!
2	The food here was decent, but not great. The wait was so long people were just walking out after waiting 15+ minutes just to order. We waited 20 minutes to order & were even at the front of the line the entire time, while Tommy, one of the most rude & condescending employees I've ever encountered never even acknowledged our presence. My food was cold before the fries even came out. We were pretty disappointed as we'd had high hopes for a BBQ place! The only two redeeming qualities were the ambiance due to the fun themed decor & the free self-serve ice cream.
2	The food was okay but the service was terrible and one of the staff members was actually rude to us.  My girlfriend asked to order a kids meal and treated her as though she has tried to hold the restaurant up at gun point. The food was pretty decent but the fact that we waited at the front of the line with no one even acknowledging us for 10 minutes was un acceptable. Then when we were acknowledged it was with rudeness. On top of this the the employees were fighting with each other and another patron complained and was refunded.Thank God they have free ice cream because makes even the worst experiences seem a little better.
5	I am typically polite and will eat almost anything despite my feelings of the pallet. But in all honesty I am very picky and will critique every small imperfect detail and forever judge those responsible. This holds true especially when it comes to BBQ. My favorite of all foods. So when I entered Dickeys BBQ Pit, I immediately began my assessment. A decent smell immediately filled my nostrils when I opened the entrance door. My stomach, which was empty, immediately began to rumble. But not for BBQ. It smelled like meat cooking but not BBQing. I was instantly concerned. I love when a grill is fired up and the combination of good old American BBQ is smoking, which should consist of a sweet tangy smell and thick cut beef.Sigh but anyways the decor was cool. It was picnic themed. Not alot of places to sit though. It was either sit near foot traffic or near the bathrooms. The tables were very small and cramped too. The staff was friendly. They greeted my party and I. The menu is pretty simple. We got the family order which is two meats 1lb each, three sides, and seven rolls. Drinks were seperate. Overall the cost was $49. The pitmaster imformed me that all items on the menu were made from scratch. Pretty cool. All food was already made though. They pulled the meats from the ovens and the sides from the back. We were eating within 15 minutes of coming in.So for the meats we ordered 1lb of pulled pork. And two 1/2lbs of sausage. One was spicy and the other was jalepnio spicy. For the sides we chose macoroni and cheese, mashed potatoes, and bbq'd beans. Despite the small cramped table we were all able to make our plates and began eating. The pulled pork was ok. It was a little cold but cooked just right. It lacked sufficient seasoning in my personal opinion but it was still good. Also I should mention they provided three types of BBQ sauce on the side. They were sweet, spicy, and original. I paired my pulled pork with spicy. BBQ sauce was perfect. It had a nice spicy punch with a savory sweet tangy lingering after taste. It didn't burn and yet fulfilled my spicy needs. Both sausages were quite good. I was very impressed. Each bite was delectable. The jalepenio was injected with cheese. Good Lord! The other one allowed me to enjoy the sausage in itself which did not disappoint, let me tell you. The BBQ beans and Mac and cheese weren't anything special. I mean they were good but they didn't have a wow factor. However, the mashed potatoes were on a different level. They were mashed to perfection. They were sprinkled with large chive chuncks. They were lightly buttered. They had a nice top layer of cheese on top. They even had a slight burnt crunchy layer on top. Very good. There were other sides to choose and when I go back (and I will) I will try them, but I will still get the mashed potatoes.Also the rolls were pretty good. They had a unique underbaked style to them that was quite enjoyable. The kids in my party made mini sanwhiches with them. I wish we got more than 7 though. When we find a dish that we like, we like to have seconds and even thirds sometimes. A family of five (two adults and three children) will not be satisfied with 7 rolls. Overall the experience was good. Very good BBQ eatery. Kids eat free on Sundays and everyday there is free unlimited ice cream. (rootbeer floats anyone). I rate this place a 5/5. The only changes I would make is the tables and the amount of rolls served. I will definately be back.
4	We go here frequently--love the smokehouse salad and beef and cheddar baked potato.  Brisket is my fave, husband likes ham, turkey and brisket!
4	Recently brought here after church by my niece and nephew (they always take me different places lol) I fell in love with this place! I've never really been a fan of bbq, but this place is really good. They have 3 signature bbq sauces. 1. Regular 2. Spicy 3. Sweet, They have great beef brisket and pulled pork. Kids eat free on Sundays, that's nice for me and other families who want to have a nice lunch on Sunday without breaking their bank account. I get full with the 'Westerner' which has 2 meats and is like 8 inches long, can't beat that! Oh, Free ice cream too!!
3	Honestly foodwise...I could take it or leave it. Customer service on the other hand was top notch!!! Such nice people working there. They are quick . food was mediocre. Free ice cream,  serve yourself BBQ sauce.
2	I remember this place on Chandler Blvd many years ago.  As I recall it disappeared shortly after the Chandler Mall was built and Dave's BBQ opened.  Dave's isn't the best, but it certainly was better.  Suddenly my wife discovers this location.  Well, we were in the area last night so we stopped in.Joe's crown is safe (Joe's Real BBQ). Dickey's was totally ordinary. The beans tasted exactly like Bush's beans.  As canned beans go, Bush's are good.  But I expect more in a restaurant than opening a can.  The brisket had no sign of rub or smoke flavor.  It was properly cooked, but tasted like unseasoned beef.  The pork was a bit better, but still bland.  Sauce was mandatory to get any BBQ flavor at all (which good BBQ should NOT require).  I saw a bottle of the sauce and it has HFCS instead of actual brown sugar.   The waffle fries were very good.  They do have free soft serve ice cream, which is a nice touch.But overall "I've experienced better".  I might go 2.5 stars, maybe.  And if I have to round my rating I absolutely cannot go to three stars.
