5	i love this place! i go here and get all types of things; from household products to snacks. my best friend was visiting from Maryland for the weekend and this was the first flea market she had been to so she was in heaven, it was funny; like a kid in a candy shop. i swear she checked out every stand on every isle and she wanted to come back the next day. its also 5 mins from my house so that's a plus because we don't have to go far and we were out for like an hour because she was so fascinated with the bargains. lolol. i always come home with goodies from this place so i recommend it to everyone! its also a great way to get out of the house and do some walking.
4	Things I've bought from Ye Old Barnyard:Nintento games. Vintage brooches. Old jeans. Op-art Jesus clocks. Bootleg cellphone accessories. Socks. A myriad of things made in China. Weird shadow-box wall hangings from the 70s. Produce - as there's a Latin emphasis, peppers abound. Hello Kitty post-it notes. Nascar wrapping paper. Crappy batteries. Books.I give myself a 20 dollar limit because even though this Flea isn't as amazing as Fleas once were, it isn't all unethically made wares by the piles and piles - there's some old stuff too. So there's a fair amount of impulse-buying potential.Went hunting for Janelle's pizza spot last time I was here and didn't find it, but that could easily have been because this place is huge and labyrinthine. Taco trucks here and there hawking nosh. Don't forget to pick up some milk before heading back across the line - SC's is much better than ours, thanks to our antiquated dairy laws.
2	No thanks.  I'm not really even sure how to describe the Barnyard Flea Market.  We drove by several weekends in a row and were astonished by the amount of people this place packs in so we decided to give it a try.  We were hoping to find some small furniture pieces or decor items.  Umm..not here.  Old paint, used shoes, Avon perfume from 1985, push up bras, womens shape wear with cut-out butt cheeks - yes.  Items of real value - no.  It is just a strange conglomeration of junk in my opinion.  The booths that did appeal to me were the fruit/veggie stalls featuring many latin american items for a decent price.  That would be worth going for it you were looking for a hard get item like cactus leaves or cactus flowers.  Other than that, not worth the trip.
4	Great flea market - lots of vendors.
4	In the mood to browse some of the most random assortments of items you've seen thrown together on a Sunday morning? This is the place to go! This place is pretty big for a flea market, though admittedly I haven't been to many. But large aisles of wares make walking through and looking at all the odds and ends a pretty pleasant experience.My favorite things in here are all the fresh veggies for sale. All sorts of ethnic veggies you can tell were grown in someone's backyards totally on sale here! Then there are the hidden gems here as well. Like the mini donut stall that churns out fresh donuts by the dozen, all for the low price of $2.50!If you have nothing to do on a weekday morning I suggest a stroll through here. You'll might end up with the most random stuff by the time you leave though so beware. As for me I'd come back just for the fresh donuts made to order in front of me yum!
1	I've never seen so many old shoes in all my life.
1	Feels like your lost in a third world country, nothing but garbage.
3	Ok, I'm from the south so I know a good flea market when I see one.  Also a point I'd like to make is that the new age of flea markets has left a bitter taste in my mouth in regards to the material offered up to passers by.  I get tired of the cell phone case, bootleg DVD and off brand shoe spots.This flea market has a bit of that but just enough of the random too to make me happy and want to visit again.  Cool food court is a bonus and the restrooms were what I would call acceptable.  Bottom line, if you want to blow a few hours, come check this place out.  Remember, cash only sales!
2	I was just sorely disappointed with this place. I saw so many reviews and got lots of recommendations but really this place is just a run down wreck of a joint. The stuff they sell is all made-in-China cheap plastic crap and fake brand-name clothes, shoes and purses. There isn't much in line of food except greasy messes of sugary doughnuts and other fried foods made in questionable cookspaces. Honestly you just get tired of the repetitiveness here because every booth has the same stuff at the same price. Don't come here expecting to find some awesome rare yard-sale finds. I've been to numerous better flea markets with much more local flair and variety as well as fresh local fruits and veggies. Skip this sketchy place.
3	I was on the phone with TMobile Customer Service and while my cell phone was rebooting for the hundredth time, my agent and I got to talking... and he recommended I check out this place.I am grateful he did.  There are lots of pluses to this flea market -- fresh boiled peanut, fresh mini-donuts, fresh veggies.  I also am a fan of knitted items people make. Most of the other stalls are pretty hit or miss.  Yes, there are lots of old shoes and VHS tapes, but occasionally you find a deal on something you either have been looking for forever or never knew you wanted.
3	Okay so honesty I'm a flea market newbie.So I'm not quite sure how to rate an compare this one against others...but just as a general overview this place was pretty cool.The outside vendors had a little bit of everything, shoes, sunglasses, kids toys and even some electronics. The inside vendors has a good mix of cell phone cases, jewelry, sunglasses, purses and NFL collect-ables. It's a good mix of old a new so you have to look and dig but you are sure to find some good stuff. Admittedly, I was overwhelmed....But I learned a few lessons to flea market shopping: always bring cash, the price is never really the "final" price, buying more than one always offers a pretty good discount and always bring a friend...not only because it's more fun shopping with a buddy but someone has to help you carry all the goodies. Happy Shopping!!
2	As one who grew up with regular flea market excursions, and not just because my mom once owned a 5 and Dime, I was pretty underwhelmed by the Barnyard Flea. It's a lot of ... well, junk, and not the "OHMYGOD, I can't beleeeve they have this" kind of junk. Cheap plastic earrings that break on the first wear, sketchy gym shoes, old Avon body products, and a couple of hardware store closeout booths. Even the food is just so-so (sorry, fudge lady), lacking the carnivalesque vibe that usually comes with powdered funnel cake and the like. The two exceptions are the vintage jewelry stall near the office and a Latin produce station, where I saw and bought prickly pears (yaaaayyyy) and which redeemed the 3 and a half hours spent roaming. I knew there HAD to be something good here!
3	Great place to kill time; lots of retro merchandise and antiques. Great for buying movies DVD's and Blu-Rays for a great cheap price. Awesome vendors with good games for X-Box 360 and Playstation games; retro SNES games Nintendo games even Genesis! Brought back memories. Great on a nice day with the sun out!!
4	I love going here on a nice day. I can enjoy the weather while finding unique items. The vendors here are friendly. I can find just about anything at this flea market. My only advice is to go early because finding parking can be difficult. I can spend my entire day here and really enjoy myself.
3	My husband and I have been coming here for at least fifteen years but I do have to agree with another poster, Derek B., as it has dramatically changed in mood and offerings what with all the new Latino vendors opening up shop. There are still several fine booths here---one in particular stands out that we frequent regularly. It's a store that sells discount lotions, creams , razor blades, etc. literally at half the price of CVS or WalMart and they are not old goods either. I buy my Advils here too as they are so reasonable. There is an older gal that has some beautifully knitted things but she needs to put the cigarettes down and away from her goods as I bought one item , a poncho, but stunk of smoke!  Had to wash it before I wore it. She sells baked goods too but I would stay away from them as no telling how long the shelf life of these cakes or how long they have been sitting around. You can see the entire place in two hours or less and the parking can be irritating, what with all the movement in and out. Also, the baby strollers are just everywhere!  I have had my feet run over a few times.
2	Eh.I'm not sure what to call it, but I feel like "Flea Market "is a stretch. It's a lot of resale, boots, sneakers, earrings, NFL jackets, jeggings, I was not impressed.  I buzzed through the first two buildings, this place is ridiculously big for selling all of the same things. However, I did find a man selling silverware sets outside. I bought a bunch of big silver plated servings pieces for $10, out of the back of his pick up truck. So maybe this place is a hit or miss? I may venture back, but I'll avoid the buildings and just scoot around the outside area - sounds sketchy, but it'll be fine.
4	Be prepared to walk cuz parking is gonna be a BEAST! Great Flea market though. I came up out there. Be sure to see the guy who sells Jams and Preservatives. He has some good stuff. The donut people inside are good too. You cannot miss either one of them. All you need is about $40-$100 and you'll hit the jackpot out there! Parking can be a bitch though.
4	I've been to the Barnyard Flea Market several times now, always on a Saturday. I give it three stars for a serious "hit-or-miss", and one extra star for plenty of parking and just because I love flea markets and outdoor markets. There's also two produce sellers inside who have great prices for avocados. I love me some avocado, especially at 85 cents a pop! I've picked up a week's worth of veggies for under $10.The parking can be a pain unless you navigate the outskirts of the lot. There is really nothing more annoying than gridlock due to 2 or 3 people who can't figure out what the f* they're doing. I realize we're in the "laid back South", but some of us don't want to spend our lives idling our cars and holding our breath until we get to move a few inches forward only to stop again. I've found decent stuff about 50% of the time I come here. It's a good place to find quirky gifts (Beatrix Potter dishware for that random Peter Rabbit fan.. did I just date myself?), or if you need some bakeware. Seriously I found a 9x12 Pyrex for $6. That'd be, what, $20+ at Target? It's not a screaming deal, but you'd have better luck here than at a thrift shop.. and it smells a lot nicer. About 65% of the booths are nonsense: old Avon products and cheap shoes or junk food. Gross. At least 20% of the booths are cell phone cases and accessories. The cases seem pretty cheap and not in the good way, but the cords are legit. Most of them will carry the original manufacturer charging cables for pretty cheap. I've seen some seriously nice stuff here, like a stone chess set that was just gorgeous. The guy said it was $40, which of course in flea market world really means somewhere between $33-38, or something (I'm not very good at the haggling). I've seen beautiful African carvings, seasonal items (Christmas dishtowels for $2, anyone?), even some pretty decent bookshelves. I would recommend several things:- Right around 9:45-10am seems to be the magic time during the colder months. I think it was more 9:15am during the summer. - Skirt the parking lot or pull up right to the building-doorways. It's like people are afraid to go all the way in (just the tip?!?), so I've always found spots here.- Bring cash to make your life easier, but do the small bills. It helps if you're haggling not to whip out the $20 bill. At least it helps me feel like less of a d*ck.- Get some tamales at Rico's Tamales. It's in the 2nd building in towards the center where the restrooms are. Trust me on this. They're $2 each and they are easily some of the most delicious tamales I've had outside of Mexico and Southwestern America. It's out of a truck and there's a fancy hand printed and lopsided sign. Whatever. Books and covers, you know? They're DELICIOUS.
