1	I purchased a Groupon for a month of B12 shots and weight loss counseling. The first appointment I made, I showed up at the requisite time and was told my appointment had never been confirmed and I had to reschedule. I did so and when I finally got in for my first B12 shot, the weight loss given was not in my best interest at all; the naturopath I saw basically recommended a diet that would starve my brain of the fats it needs to function properly. I took the advice with a grain of salt and tried to schedule my last 3 B12 shots -- I emailed, I tried to use their online scheduler, I called and left multiple voicemails to no avail. Nobody ever responded so I could use the rest of my Groupon. I reached out to Groupon themselves and after a week of both of us trying to get in touch with Prolete, I was given a full refund on my purchase. I do not recommend Prolete and would advise anyone considering their services to look elsewhere.
1	Don't be fooled by the 2 positive reviews. Prolete is a BAD BUSINESS.I wish I had seen the first Yelp review on Prolete before buying a DealChicken for $99 for a month of weight loss services.  The savings are not worth the hassle.I must have made 10 phone calls (NOT exaggerating) in order to get my initial appointment.  Either there was no answer or voice mail would pick up and put me in voice mail jail.  This happened over a period of three days.  When the phone was finally answered by a person, you could still hear the voice mail message running in the background.The doctor seemed nice and caring enough (I saw Dr Fontaine).  I mentioned the problem making the appointment and she said if I had a problem in the future to email her. I did just that.  Still no response, it's been 2 weeks.  I also tried calling again.  I was able to leave a message  but there's been no call back.In other words, the doctors may be good but that doesn't matter if you are unable to schedule an appointment.I'm done with them.  The previous reviewer got her money back from Groupon.  I wonder if I can do the same with DealChicken.
5	I think that doctors here at prolete actually care and take the time to get to know there patients and there needs I have had nothing but success and good health since seeking care at prolete I highly recommend there services there very good at being compassionate, caring, and communicates with there patients so if your looking for  the best look no further let one of the doctors  at prolete help u on your journey to wellness
1	As an addendum to this review, I complained to DealChicken about the lack of communication from Prolete.  They contacted the doctor who told them I was a no show at a follow up appointment.  However, no follow up had ever been scheduled.  Also a day or two after submitting the original Yelp review, the doctor called me and left a voice mail saying that I did not return a previous call she made.  I know I hadn't received a voice mail from her, plus her number was not in my call history.  This was a rather expensive lesson, $99 for the Deal Chicken.  I'm not dealing with them anymore either.
5	Best experience ever.  Dr. Fontaine is an exceptional doctor.  She cares and takes time to get to know each patient.  I have had a number of sessions under her skilled care and have had positive results. I highly recommend Prolete in your wellness journey.
