4	Wide variety of good foodfriendly staffthe wait usually isn't too long
5	Mimi's is a chain and they are all the same - however, some have better service than others.  That said, out of the two dozen times I have patronized them in over 8 locations, the service has been above average.  The food is great, the portions are very large, and very reasonably priced. My only complaint is that they have updated the menu and it doesn't list everything you can order now.  Favorite items include Blackened Chicken Tacos (not on the menu), Parmesan chicken, and Cobb salad (I recommend the mini unless you want a salad large enough for two).  They bring complimentary fresh bread (raisin walnut and sour dough) with your drinks.  They have the best muffins which are included with some meals.  (Their blueberry is incredible.)They understand that toddlers grow hungry quickly.  Depending on the server they will bring out crackers and cheerios with your drinks too (you can always ask if it isn't offered).  The kid's meals include gummy worms in chocolate pudding with Oreo crumbs - a hit with my kids.I frequently do meet at Mimi's for business lunches all over the valley and they are the best.  Mimi's has something for everyone.  Although they appear to be French, they have all cuisines so don't be fooled by the name.  My only complaint is that it is very busy and you can be stuck sitting next to a large group which can be loud.  One of my favorite values.  Very large portions, great bread, and reasonable prices.  (Reasonable in my opinion is $7 - 10 for an entree.)
3	We stopped in for a late breakfast. We had a 10 minute wait on a Sunday afternoon. When we walked in, they had a little kiosk of complimentary coffee, fruit punch, and baked goods for those of us waiting in the lobby.Very busy...not one empty table in the room...yet they remained very attentive and super friendly. They even had an employee whose purpose was to greet people at their tables while they wait and check on the patrons every once in a while throughout their meals...very sweet lady.I ordered the Belgian Waffles with sausage and eggs....pretty good. My son was happy with his short stack order. Mimi's is one of the better chain restaurants in my book!
4	Quite good for this kind of joint. Portions are large and good to share, if you choose to. Our wait was about 5-7 min on Dec 30th, mid-day. Table was clean and server was pleasant. Brought our tea out promptly followed by some tasty bread. Actual food took a bit longer then i'd like but nothing too bad. If not for nasty little kid screaming behind us like he is being murdered, it would be nice little lunch. 4 stars never the less. Good place! Try their 7 cheeses grilled cheese!!! "I like"Eugene
4	I minus one star because the place is always freakin sooooooooooo crowded!  Which pisses me off.Not sure if I'd eat here for any meal other than breakfast....But I've only ever had breakfast here!Their crab cake eggs benedict are soooooooooo good.  Mmmm.I love breakfast.
4	I finally dined here for the first time on Sunday, and it seems like a nice place.  Has a nice homely feel to it, and the menu has many choices.  Service was good, and they also have a bar area to sit at as well.I had a hard time deciding what to get, so I went with the chicken fingers appitizer.  Portions were good, and service was nice.  I would feel safe taking my parents here, or a friend for a nice quiet meal.
3	My lunch buddies and I checked out Mimi's on line before we headed over. I couldn't decide whether I wanted breakfast or lunch but eventually decided to allow myself a carb-filled lunch. I ordered the strawberry lemonade and fried zucchini to start. The lemonade was sugary goodness! The zucchini were fresh and hot and we read they were hand breaded. They came with a side of ranch and a side of marinara. They were well liked at our table.For lunch, I ordered the pot roast sandwich with fries. Friend 1 ordered a salad with fresh fruit and chicken breast with a cup of corn chowder. Friend 2 had a chicken parm sandwich on ciabatta bread.Friend 1's salad came with a fresh baked muffin of her choice. She chose carrot cake. When all of our food arrived, Friend 2 ordered a muffin for fear of stealing an unapproved bite of Friend 1's muffin!My food looked SO good when it arrived. I took a BIG bite of my pot roast sandwich. Booo.... SO BLAND! No seasoning whatsoever. What did they cook their roast in? Water? Just plain water? After doctoring my sandwich with creamed horseradish and salt, it was passable. The meat was tender and warm, but that's all it had going for it. It came on a thick sourdough bun which was good, but I ended up taking most of the bun off to just eat the meat, lettuce and tomato. The french fries were crispy and hot and the ranch I dipped them in was good! I'm very picky about my ranch.Friend 1's meal was "eh...ok." She said the chicken and fruit was supposed to be on the side and not all cubed up. The corn chowder she got with her meal was tasteless. She said she didn't even taste the corn.Friend 2's meal was "Decent" he said that he was starving so he just wolfed it down, but his favorite part was the fries, not the sandwich.We suspect, due to the "older" crowd we were surrounded by, that the lack of seasoning and the cubed bites of fruit were for their sake. Will we visit Mimi's again? Yes! There is SO much on the menu that it would be foolish to not try something else! I think I'll go for breakfast next time!
5	I ordered take out for lunch here today and I had a great experience. I called and placed my order and the girl that answered the phone was really friendly and nice. She said that the order would be ready in ten minutes and when I arrived ten minutes later, she had it all packaged up waiting for me. I asked her to throw in some bread to dunk in my soup and she kindly added it, no charge. Suuweeet! My coworker had ordered the chicken strips and the girl told me that they were small today, so she had them throw in a few extra. Who does that? This chick rocks!My throat was really sore, so I opted for a cup of french onion soup! It is awesome here, definitely the best I have had. They serve it with a baguette and raisin bread that is to die for. I only ran in to get my order, so I can't really comment on the table service or the restaurant itself, but that chick totally made my day by being so nice, so this location gets 5 stars from me!!!
2	Ugh.I used to like this place.But I've gotten over it.I find the food to be uninspired, and below average.Blah.
1	Being new to Arizona and unfamiliar with Mimi's I decided to stop in with my family for some mediocre food and rude, slow and overall lousy service. The ambiance is a throwback from some era when it may have been stylish but today appears old and tired. We will never darken their doors again.
2	I used to love this chain of a place when I lived in this neck of PHX.. that was then.. and this is now.. I have fallen out of love with you Mimis.. You simply let me down.. In need of a little soup on my day over in the Tukee.. I decided out of everything close to my Dr. that day.. I could go to Mimi's ...reliable, comfort food.. Well, rude and lack of customer service met us at the door.. My friend had a salad.. she tried to send it back.. it was soggy.. and the chicken was 'weird tasting', she said.. She is newly pregnant.. so it was enough to just ruin her meal.. We waited and waited.. waited and waited.. I finally flailed my arms about to get A WAITERS attention.. itd been that long! He did apologize.. he offered her something new.. but we had an appointment.. (yeah.. since you waited 20 min to return to our table yet asked all the tables around us how they were liking their meals!).. and we needed to go.. I will say my soup was good.. not worth 3 or higher good.. but okay.. how about 2 for okay.. and 0 for all else.. Im not sure Mimi is my girl anymore:-=(
2	the thing that stunned me was the hostess. She was not at all happy, and when she seated us, i saw a delicious soup someone next to us was having and i asked her "omg what is that soup it looks good???" and she looked at me like i was dumb and said, "....i dont know" and walked away...it was ridiculous....my gf that i was with is a hostess and she was in disbelief too....she could have said, "I'm not sure, ill ask your waitress to find out, or i will find out for you" but "...i dont know" with an attitude? very dissapointing especially being the FIRST impression that we have when we walk in.... very bad customer perception. Besides that, The food was awesome, and my waitress was awesome...but very dissapointing on the hostess end...first impressions are everything.
2	Went here for breakfast.. Not the greatest.. I wouldn't go again.
2	I've been going to this Mimi's location for quite some time. I generally get a salad, although I've enjoyed many of their other entrees.The service has been decent, but lately the food quality, IMO, has gone downhill. Tonight I ordered a Cobb Salad. Partway through I started getting a distinctly MOLDY taste. After a few bites of that, I discarded the rest of the salad.
4	I haven't been here in a long time, and we came in for breakfast the other day, and it was delicious. Service was good, and everything came pretty quick. My gf's order had fruit with it, which we didn't know about for whatever reason, and when she ordered a side of fruit, the server evidently didn't think to mention that her food already came with it, and so we got double fruit. Odd.
4	We went here after our movie last night, the waiter was friendly and made suggestions we all liked. He seemed to be the only waiter and still kept up with our needs. We will defiantly be going back
3	Not the normal food I like, but the staff are always very friendly, and very accommodating. I ask for weird things, like milk on the side, and they never make a fuss about it.  Plus, I am a sucker for their pot pies:)
2	What happened to Mimi's? The menu has changed again and not for the better.We arrived at 9PM and no one was at the door to greet us...for a long time we waited, then I wen tin search of someone. Finally found someone and I asked if they were closed. He said no and sat us. The restaurant was pretty empty. I never saw anyone else on the floor working.The server was not friendly at all. Service very slow. Then again this might be a management problem too since one person cannot do everything in a full service restaurant and do a good job.  I ordered the chicken crepes. They were pictured on menu and looked good.I received a hot plate with cold food. They were actually cold inside so I am not sure if they sat that long or if they are premade and were not heated through. It took a long time but I finally got the attention of the waiter and asked him to please heat them up. He grabbed the plate and came back later with them hot. The crepes were still undercooked and mushy but the inside was hot.  The salad was wilted when he returned.  The waiter never said he was sorry or is it better or kiss my behind.  He just dropped it off and went away.  I did eat a couple more bites and decided that I was not willing to eat calories when the food is bad so that was the end of my dinner.My husband had the Tuna Sandwich and it was different then they used  to make it and no longer on the menu that he could find.We waited a long time again. Finally got his attention and asked for the check.He never asked if we wanted dessert or asked if I wanted the mushy mess to take with me, or at least ask what was wrong with it.We finally got the check, paid for it before he could take off again and left.Mimi's used be so good. Maybe the economy has made them cut down on labor to try to make a profit. The bad thing about that is you cut down on service too.I never thought I would prefer IHOP but the food is hot and the service is better.
3	Mimi's has pretty good food.  I was impressed with the young host staff going out of their way to adhere to the greet standards - opening the doors for arriving and departing guests.  I was waiting for a table on the patio to be cleaned in the foyer and listened to them engage in positive and appropriate restaurant banter amongst each other.  I will say that I did have to wait for the rest of my party for a good half an hour (I was early) but during that time, and the entire time during our meal, there was a table that remained dirty and un-bussed.   I know there are bussers there but I watched the server walk past the table with an empty tray several times.  That's a teachable moment. Our server was mediocre at best.  Time management and organization was not her forte - I think she was relatively new to serving in general.  That won't stop me from going back though...
2	Usually good but today was terrible. Ordered eggs basted soft. Got scrambled. Sent back and they came back cold, basted with oil and burnt around the edges. Toast was pretty much NOT toasted. Manager brought out more eggs as we were paying the bill. They adjusted the check though, so that was nice.
1	Rating based soley on service as we didn't actually eat there. - Truly bizarre... walked in around 9am on a weekday. The place was virtually empty. Maybe four tables. There was an older couple sitting on a bench by the hostess station "waiting". The hostess looks at me and says "it'll be a few minute wait". I look at her like "Huh" as I look around the restaurant. She says "were giving our servers a chance to catch up". We were surprised but sat to wait. After about five minutes we looked at each other and went "no way in hell. This is a really bad sign" and out we went to IHOP across the streeet. Where we had both a good meal and fast and friendly service. Still mind boggled by being made to sit and wait in an empty restaurant while the servers "catch up".
4	Never been to a Mimi's Cafe before, but my wife and I decided to go tonight. We got off to a very slow start at this location. It took a little long to be greeted at the door. We were first seated at a booth that was too cramped, then reseated in the sparsely inhabited dining room at a half booth/half table. The chairs were a tight squeeze and appeared to be the only ones in the restaurant with arms. I moved over to the booth side to sit next to my wife and was comfortable from then on.Good thing, since no one seemed to be in the mood to be our server. Apparently, as was explained later, the person running the front changed around who was serving what table and didn't bother to tell the servers.Once we finally got a server, things went much better. We got our drinks, appetizer, and soups quickly.The soup, clam chowder (Friday's soup du jour) was rich, thick, and flavorful. Our appetizer, spinach and artichoke dip, fit that description as well.Our entrees were also quite good. My wife had the tilapia which was cooked quite well and was moist and tender. The vegetables tasted fresh and not overcooked. The mashed potatoes were quite good as was my chicken cordon bleu, though the chicken was a little overdone. Moist and tender on the inside, but too crunchy on the outside.After the apology over the serving mix up and the long wait, the night went smoothly. Our server, Tom, was personable and we enjoyed watching him interact with another customer's child.We'll be back at some point to try other things on the interesting menu. Might even save room for a dessert.
3	I have been to Mimi's several times and at many different locations around the valley. I enjoy going there for breakfast as I am not a huge fan of their lunch selections. I love their Mixed Berry Pain Perdu, which is stuffed french toast, their turkey sausage is very good as well and lets not forget their Sunrise Pomosa to wash it all down with! While I am a fan of their breakfast I will have to say that it didn't matter which Mimi's location I was at they definitely lack in service, our waiter/waitress was rarely around and if you needed refills on your drinks you had to flag down another employee just to have them ask your waiter/waitress for you. Overall its a place to go for breakfast when you are not in hurry!
4	Great breakfast!Starting with their own twists for a breakfast drink, I tried the Sunrise Pomosa, and loved it.  I'm a sucker for a good Mimosa, but could not pass up this interesting drink that added cranberry juice to the mix.For my meal, I had the Quatre Fromages Quiche.  For my personal tastes, it was a little rich, but if I had not gotten full, I would have finished it all.  The Quiche is served with "red skin potatoes" that were a great thing in my mind as I had been missing the "home fries" that get served at all the great breakfast places in New England.  I might just have to go there and order just the red skin potatoes on occasion on their own.I'm definitely looking forward to trying out the rest of the menu.
1	We were there today for breakfast. After we received our food, we saw a cockroach climbing up the pillar attached to our booth. A big brown one.  We called over the waitress who proceed to slap the insect down with a menu and steps on it.  Another employee comes over and kicks the dead cockroach to the entry hall.  After 10 minutes the manager comes over to apologize and tells us that they are sorry about the visitor.  That's it.  We would not touch our food.  It was just sitting there. We paid ( full price) and left.  Just disgusting. They did not seemed bothered at all by the " visitor" which makes me wonder how often they have visitors and where else in the restaurant these visitors hang out.  Won't be back ever!
3	Generalized...been there a few times so, female mgr at night is horrible, general mgr is quick to respond to comment made on surveys.  Had a bad experience and had coupons for comp meal so went back.   Got Scott  that time and he had some booths and bar and started slow and took a few minutes but turned out to be really great which is why they get 3 stars.  French onion soup always good if hot but a lot of their meals are bland.  BUT the muffins and bread are really good.
2	If it wasn't for the waitress I would give the experience a one.  The food was not hot- even after sending it back the 2nd time.  I ordered onion soup- and the first time it was luke warm...the 2nd time...not even that...then the french dip was delivered with cold aus juice.  The waitress was exceptional.  She was actually a new waitress and very very good.  If this establishment doesn't get their back end up to par, this waitress will find herself at another establishment, probable the competition and I have no doubts doing very well for herself.  She was on top of everything. Even when the "manager" took off the wrong meal she caught it.  She was there for the refills on drinks and if it wasn't for her, we would have walked away.  I've been to Mimi's many times and the last 4 or 5 at this location the food has been a "C".  The service usually an "A" or "B".  Management needs to come across a little more sincere too with their apologies.
5	Mimi's not sure if you have been listening...  On another trip to Mimi's (had a coupon) decided to try it again...  New Years Day...it was busy- we decided to sit outside- no wait.  We were waited by the manager Aaron as they were so busy and unfortunately some of their staff called in sick...  anyway...  he was extremely attentive and more importantly the food was prepared exactly correctly.Good job Mimi's! and Aaron!!!
2	I'm sad to give this location a bad review, but this place USED to be my favorite breakfast spot. They claimed they changed their menu last August, but I was in here in early December and got my favorite meal (which is no longer on the menu.) maybe the chef felt like making it one last time, who knows. My waitress was slightly arrogant and the service was awful. Coffee wasn't fresh, my omelette had no flavor, and they also don't carry ranch anymore? Whatever! It's a sad thing that this place had changed so much, but I doubt I'll be coming back again. Sorry Mimi's, I keep giving you one more chance, and you let me down!
2	this mimis has gone way down hill, acouple managment changes really hasnt helped much
2	This was my first time visiting Mimi's in Ahwatukee for Mother's Day. We were a party of 6 and I had made a reservation a week prior knowing they would be busy that day. We arrived at one o'clock for a reservation at the same time and waited 25 min to be seated. when they seated us, it was at 2 rickety tables thrown together right at the entrance to the dining room so that all guests and wait staff would have to be constantly trying to get around us when entering and leaving. one table was so wobbly you couldn't have eaten off of it and half of the chairs were METAL FOLDING CHAIRS...yes, the kind you sit in at Aunt Mary's backyard shindig. The metal chairs were bent and had metal poking my son in the back so he had to lean forward to sit in it. I told them this will not work and we want to be moved. We then went back to the lobby and waited another 10 minutes to be seated in a back room to the left that looked like overflow dining and the ambiance was crap. it looked like an old shed or something that had been converted for extra seating. They handed us the menu, which was 2 one sheet laminated menus and had very limited offerings for Mother's Day. When I made the reservation I specifically asked if it was full menu and was told yes because i have 2 kids that are picky eaters and knew they would order a hamburger. no hamburger on this menu. i asked the hostess if this was the full menu and she snottily said yes, that's it. I then asked the waiter why it was so limited and he had to go ask mgmt if they were serving full menu and came back with the lunch and dinner menus. I'm guessing they weren't but accommodated us after I complained. The food was mediocre. I ordered the cranberry pesto turkey sandwich and they literally had about 9 fries on my plate. My kids that ordered burgers had a plate full but I had 9. I literally laughed out loud. The only bright spot was our waiter who was VERY attentive. They gave us each a free muffin to take home. Then, to top it off, the next morning I went to use my debit card and realized it was missing. Tried to remember when I last used it...Mimi's. Called them and sure enough, they had it. It was then I realized that the waiter never brought my card back to me after he ran it. I remember the 2 white receipts in the billfold that I signed and no card. Yes, I should have realized it and asked about it before leaving so I take partial responsibility but they definitely dropped the ball yet again. when I walked into the restaurant to get the card, the manager checked my id and told me, "glad you realized you forgot it. these things happen." No, I didn't forget it, your waiter never gave it back to me.All in all, very disappointed in my experience on what was supposed to be a nice treat for my mom on Mother's Day. I might give Mimi's a second chance with a smaller party but i will NEVER take the chance of celebrating a special occasion there again. It really upset me that our Mother's Day was so blah.
3	It's fine.  I've been here twice in the last week for breakfast because it was convenient.  Had the oatmeal both times.  It was good.  The second time I was brought out granola bits instead of raisins and didn't care for that so had to ask for the raisins.  Iced tea is good and they are nice enough to give you a cup to go.  Biggest complaint over the two visits was on the second one a family with three young children was sat directly across from us even though the entire restaurant was almost empty.  Made conversation harder and the kids were fussy.  Why would the hostess do that?!?!
5	Wonderful menu.  Great service.  My wife and I became Sunday morning regulars.  We love the lunch/dinner menu but breakfast at Mimi's is one of the all time best.  We have tried virtually every item on the breakfast menu with no complaints at all.  My favorite is the eggs benedict.  The mix and match of the sides makes it east to create a new mean every Sunday.  Highest recommendations.
2	Ok, where to begin. The windows were filthy, you could not see out them. The service was ok until the point we ordered a burger for my daughter, medium rare. Now, we know exactly what beef temps are I was a prior chef. It comes out rare almost raw and the waiter has the balls to say just so you are aware next time you order a burger out, this is medium rare and not medium. My wife was livid and looked at me I looked at her smiled and let it go. He then proceeds to tell us they ran out of roast beef but they have pot roast they can use. I had to asked several times for my drink to be refilled. This was by far the worst place we have eaten in Phoenix on our vacation, it was not by our choice, family was meeting there and I did check out yelp prior to. The men's bathroom had a urinal from high school with pee all over the floor, smelled, I mean keep the bathroom clean at least.....never again..
3	This Mimi's Cafe is pretty datedIt didn't bother me too much but I just thought I would throw that out thereThe carpet is pretty oldThe decor is charming The food and service were pretty goodWe had a feeling it would be a bit busier on a Sunday morning and when we got there, we were informed there would be a 5-10 minute wait, fine with us We were seated in a booth and offered menus and drink ordersI got water and grapefruit juice and I love the grapefruit juice and the cup it came in Our server was pretty busy as she had a huge section to cover but she did her best to get around to us and everyone else... As far as food, the menu is pretty small but it seems like Mimi's has updated their options... Not that I knew their menu before but it just seemed up to date in comparison to other restaurants...I ordered the croissant breakfast sandwich with a side of potatoes...I love croissant sandwiches so I was excited... Our meal took about 20 minutes to get to us but I am very patient...The croissant sandwich was very, very good. The croissant bread it self was divine! Very warm, flaky, and absolutely great! It was the perfect combination of ham, egg, and tomato. I really enjoyed the sandwich. The potatoes were yummy too, great flavor. I was impressed by Mimi's... I put aside the dated inside decor and let the food speak for the restaurant and it was great! Can't wait to try their lunch menu... They have a nice cocktail selection that I have to tackle...Tip- be prepared for long lines/waits on Saturday and Sunday mornings...
2	Man I used to love this place when it it was a quaint, affordable Cajun place with snazzy music and really interest atmosphere.  But over the years, the music changed, the decorations got taken down, and the menu went from awesome to not so impressive.  The food is also French or something Nus dye to the new changes to the menu.  Even with a BOGO coupon, it wasn't worth it to eat at the current Mimis Cafe.  The only saving grace its the fantastical carrot raisin loaf and clam chowder Fridays.
2	Ugh!! I should have known from the parking lot this was gonna be bad. The server was fast and attentive, he went above and beyond and brought me a lunch menu during the breakfast service to help me find something that appealed to my appetite, it's the little things that make a patron happy.. The reason for such a lack luster review would be the filth (success is in the details) as a new mom to a moving toddler I've found more reason to appreciate and inspect the cleanliness of places. There was dust caked on the back of the booth (which inevitably would have my babys mouth on it shortly), not pleased to be wiping down the seats and walls prior to relaxing for a nice meal..
1	Where to start? My eggs Benedict were great. Now, for the problems. Dirty dishes. Had to ask several times for water or coffee refills. Waitress had us passing stuff to others instead of walking around the table. O.j. Tasted like it had grapefruit juice mixed in or was watered down. Fresh fruit was unripe and/or mushy. Bacon was thin, precooked and tasteless. French toast advertised as brioche but it was regular bread. Annoying burnt toast smell the whole time. Avoid.
2	Slow service!  Crunchy pancakes?  What happened mimis? Used to be good.  They also recently changed their menu, with my favorite sandwich gone!  Never again.
1	I've been to this mimis several times as I live close....I've never been impressed by the service.  Tho, today, Erik may have been the only redeeming quality about Mimi's today.  He hustled and was friendly to everybody. To start, the hostess, Kimberly was snotty. I was eating solo on a Friday just before 11am. She told me to sit and asked my name. I was the only person there at the time!! It took 8 mins to set up a table for me. I would hate to see her/them in action on a busy weekend morning. I always order the pommes Benedict but with muffins instead of potatoes. It use to be on the menu as florentine but has been replaced. For some reason, the kitchen doesn't want to make my breakfast this way for me, tho they reluctantly did. This dish was really the only reason to come to Mimi's. Guess I don't need to come here again now.
4	Let me start off with saying that Robert and Erik are the best waiters here. If you happen come here make sure you ask to be sat in their sections. They're fast and friendly. I'm huge waffle fan. I've been to many places in search of the perfect Belgian Waffle. I've been to locally owned places as well as chains in search of a waffle that knocks my socks off. I have found that place. The waffles are delicious with the edges a bit crispy.  Mimi's has these amazing potatoes too, I highly recommend them. If you want a great waffle, stop by. Your coffee cup will never be empty and your taste buds will thank you.
5	Stopped in late at night for a small bite to eat before meeting a friend elsewhere, I ended up ordering the seafood crepe! Although it wasn't busy the bartender Robert was nice to chat with and the crepe was delicious! I would definitely recommend it!
5	Had a great expierince, our waiter "Xavier" Was by far the best waiter I have ever had, he was great with the family and made the kids laugh... Thanks.. The food was excellent, I had the Mussles with Linguini, and the raison bread was like having desert before dinner... GREAT JOB GUYS!!!!!!!!
2	Read in the paper this location has closed! It was a decent place to eat at the handful of times I went there. Hope something good goes in its place fast.
