5	My regular Madison hangout between classes and after school was probably most frequented because it was also the regular hangout of most of the hottest bizzels in town.  However, I did generate one intelligible thought here that occured to me one especially cold and fine winter day: that the severe weather sure does have a humbling effect on the people and culture in the midwest.  Sure, in California we have periodic episodes such as earthquakes and fires, but those are rare events, not regularly re-occuring.  Unlike anything we will ever experience here, we don't know what inclement weather really means.  The Midwest's version of Mother Nature is brutal - engraved into your subconscious memory year after year after year - forcing every single soul to bundle up, huddling together in the same boat during those harsh winter months (vicious even in the summer, with the severe thunder storms, lightening and flash flooding).  A sense of humility and environmental determinism unknown to us Californians is the result.
4	This is my favorite coffee house in downtown Madison, it is where I go almost everyday after school. The baristas are super nice, and the coffee is good fair trade organic. Free wireless thats pretty fast, always lots of people on their laptops sitting around. I would recommend this place to anyone who needs a place to hang out downtown.
4	this is where i learned to drink coffee. it started innocently with an almond steamer. long nights with friends, many a date, hours of studying - and espresso royale was home to it all. the service is always excellent and it's a perfectly located to be THE place to people-watch. i love the outdoor patio so close to library mall, and i love the inside in winter. good drinks (yay fair trade!) and good atmosphere. i love it here.
3	The atmosphere is great, the coffee/tea can be quite tasty (I diligently stay away from the house blend), and there is always great conversation to overhear and people to watch. The free wireless has kept my attention away from my books many of times.  I've had mixed experiences with the staff (some were rude) but the majority of my encounters have been positive.  This place is probably one of my favorite in Madison. Try the black and white cookie (more cake-y soft than the New York black and white cookie), the oatmeal fudge bars, and the yogurt fruit granola parfait... they're amazing.
5	Back when I was at school in Madison, if I wasn't home, in class, or at work, I was at ERC. I mean this in the most absolute, literal sense - people would come looking for me there because, chances were quite good, I would be there. The teas are pretty decent, the espresso drinks are almost always good, and the house blend coffee is delicious. Some might argue that point, but they're just wrong and/or dumb. It's delicious. During the summer, when they offer it, the peach rooibos tea is probably the best tea I've ever had (and I work in a tea shop so I know my tea) - get it and love it. Well, just get it. You will love it.In terms of atmosphere, well, it depends what you want in a coffeeshop. Some of the regulars are super elitist hipster types, as are some of the employees. But at least as many of each groups are wonderful people. Did I meet my best friends there? No. But I did meet some cool people to add on Myspace or Friendster or whatever, and I was able to chat with them and have fun. The music is, by and large, great. It's pretty typical indie rock fare, but it's still generally good. If you don't like the stuff on the O.C. (because it's that kind of indie rock) or Pitchfork (it's also that kind), bring your own music.So, the food offerings are always an important factor when people come into the place I work, and while I choose coffeeshops based on coffee, I know that not everyone else is the same way. The food is so-so. The cookies and brownies and everything are good, because hello they're cookies and brownies and stuff! They used to have these really amazing peanut butter brownies, but the recipe changed or something - they're not the same. The black and white cookie is so good though! Get that one when they have it. It's like the food version of the peach rooibos iced tea.
2	Half the staff is snotty, but the music is sometimes good, as are about half the baked goods and the spanish lattes and white mochas. Icky sandwiches, sadly. Pick off most of the veggies to make them passable. The black and white cookies, however, are a good, cake-like bet.
5	Excellent coffee and tea rivaled only by Mother Fool's on Willy St. Staff is great and knows how to press.
3	Pretty decent coffee shop and its open until midnight on weekdays.The coffee was good and the staff were nice. I will go back. Nothing spectacular.
5	I believe that each of the coffee shops in Madison had their special area of excellence, and Espresso Royale's would definitely be their tea. They've got a truly excellent selection of tea, and I've probably changed from a coffee to a tea drinker as a result of here. At the same time, their coffee is very good as well, as are their pastries. The space here is somewhat crowded at times, but not overwhelmingly so. It's basically one of the great places in Madison that I miss.
3	Can't beat $2 for a any size latte on Wednesdays.  Small latte?  $2 please.  Medium latte?  $2 please!  Large latte?  $2 please!  You get the idea.  Hint:  I'd go with the large...
3	I still stand by the previous review. I do stop by if I am in the neighborhood and need coffee. However, this just isn't a place to hang out on a whim anymore.  It's usually PACKED between the hours of 10 to 6.  Outlets are at a premium. Bring an extension cord AND a power strip!
2	Small, crowded, dark, dirty utensils, glasses, mugs, fly-ridden during the summer, stuffy and stale during the winter (8 months people.  8 MONTHS!)  Espresso Royale sucks.  You can't study in here.  Music is too loud, and too many kids keep bumping into your table.   And if you can't study in a cafe, what are you doing there?  Oh, you live on campus and you don't have a car and you meet up with friends close to where you live?  Right.  Not my situation.  So, go figure.  Anyhow, I hope my next review will be less bitter.
2	Only two benefits to this place (unless you are younger than 21): 1. good music2. open later than any other coffeeshop (until midnight)Other than that, it's loud, dark, and cramped and the employees generally make you feel like a bother (if I constantly had a line out the door, I would feel that way, too, but it's still annoying). Still has $2-any-size-lattes on Wednesdays, though, so bring in your coffee mug and get it to go!
2	The coffee and tea here is not exceptional, but not bad either.  I find the quality of the service good and friendly, and I appreciate the frequent customer discount cards, since lately I've been holding weekly office hours there.I would not, however, hold office hours there in future semesters, because of two major problems.1) There are NO TABLES for more than two people!  I realize that they want to use the space effectively, but a few 4-seater tables wouldn't take up much more room and would be vastly more convenient.2) The internet is crappy.  Frequently it dies entirely, and even when it does work, it is so painfully slow that I keep an eye on my available networks at all times, hoping to switch to something someone has left unsecured.
4	This is my new favorite coffee shop! The tea is great, whether I get my usual chai or switch things up with a yerba mate latte. They don't make the best latte and coffee drinks I've ever had, but I like the atmosphere enough to make up for it. I dig the small, dark, and cozy vibe. Sure, it's not a library but for the most part it's quiet enough to work on homework or read a novel.
2	Coffee was okay. Not all that fresh.  Service was also average. I think this place prides itself on being a vegan-friendly hemp coffee shop more than they pride themselves on serving good coffee.
2	A few of my friends and I were sitting on some chairs outside of this place. One friend bought a bagel from Einstein's and because of how the chairs were set up, we thought the seating was for both places. A waitress came outside and asked if we were going to buy anything and we were a little confused but said no and she said, "well, you can't sit here," extremely rudely. I understand her request however all she had to do was be alittle bit more polite but she was so rude that none of us will ever go there again. Also, it's not like the seating are was packed and they really needed our chairs.
1	The espresso was not good and it was even worse that the mocha did not mask the flavor. I ordered both a shot of espresso and separately a mocha and tried them both. Both were bad. Both I just decided to toss and try a different coffee place.
3	Cool and hip but comes with the catch of crowded and iffy coffee.I thought I would get some work done here, since you know...it's a coffee house.  The music was way too loud for me and my laptop to get anything done.  You'd think the college kids 'working' would be quiet...they weren't.I ordered a shot of espresso, not my norm but I needed to work!  For almost $2 for 2 sips I wasn't impressed.  Maybe other items on the menu are better. I'll take this experience and flip it around.  Maybe I'll come to chat it up with a friend and order something sweet with whipped cream or something.  Until next time!
4	Espresso Royale is one of many coffee shops on State Street. I continue to stop there over other places because it's near campus, has friendly staff and lots of seating, and makes good drinks!I have never had any complaints about Espresso Royale, but it doesn't have that extra special touch to earn a 5th start.
2	Sigh. I really hate it that I like Starbucks coffee better than the local guys, but in most cases it's true. Still looking for my perfect latte in Madison at a mom & pop shop. Definitely didn't find it at Espresso Royale. My latte tasted like it was made with kerosene instead of espresso.The staff were friendly and the ambiance was fine, but if I've gotta buy something to get the free wifi, I want it to go down easy.
1	Terrible customer service. The barista couldn't wait to finish helping so she could get back to her texting. She was moving quite slowly while making one drink with four customers in line waiting to be served.
1	This coffee is absolute shit. I don't want to mince words here--this was simply awful.As I was walking to the library, I thought about my review--I was initially going to give it 2 stars, but as my walk wore on, I decided against it. Warning: This will be an irritated review.I walked into Espresso Royale and was immediately stuck waiting at the counter for several minutes as the barista changed milk jugs very, very slowly. Then, there was little customer service or niceness as this faux hipster gave me my cup of coffee.Look--it's okay to be a rude, pretentious hipster if your coffee is amazing--which is why Bradbury's is awesome--but Espresso Royale? The coffee was horrendous. Thin, watery and poorly balanced...this is some of the worst coffee I've tasted. Honestly, you'd be better off going to McDonald's or--dare I say--a gas station. At least the service will be halfway-decent.I will not be going back here--not for the crap service, and especially not for the coffee.
1	Once upon a time, this was one of my favorite coffee shops.  Honestly, I don't know what's happened.  You walk in and the baristas stare at you like you're an inconvenience. Sorry guys, I need my caffeine fix. Too bad the espresso tastes watered down and stale. The bakery is overpriced and (again) stale.  Tables are cramped and the wi-fi is terrible.  I don't expect much but I expect something.
4	Another coffee-shop on State street that I like! They always have something special everyday. On Monday is usually for Mocha day, in which you can get any size of Mocha with your 3 bucks+. Tuesday is to have double punches on your loyalty card. If you are aiming for more punches, come on Tuesday! It'll make your day! It certainly does to me. I can't recall other specials for other days, I'll update my review once I do. The cafe itself is spacious, though not that artistic. The music is good though. You can also choose a variety of sandwiches, muffins, biscotti, and cakes. The internet connection is not too shabby. So, if you want to have some reading time with a low budget yet good Mocha, come here!
3	Ok place, not a very good coffee. Don't let the name fool you. Their espresso is horrible. With a name like this, I expect a good quality espresso with crema.
