5	I just picked up my Macbook from these guys for the second time in as many weeks - they are excellent. Great customer service, minimal downtime, great prices. I am a local DJ & student and NEED my laptop to be functional. So, minimal downtime is a must. (Not sure why the previous reviewer is so irate, but she should be happy that he quit smoking)Several months ago, my battery started acting up. Brought it in, diagnosed the problem, would be covered by apple care - they ordered a replacement and called me when it arrived. Lock, stock.A few weeks ago, I had run out of space on my laptop's hard drive - purchased a much larger one through Mac Xprts at a competitive price, they installed it within a few hours and waived the install fee! Earlier today, I picked up my laptop with a brand new logic board (speakers/audio out was not working on the previous one) - total downtime: less than a day. Covered by apple care.These guys are great techs - they know what they're doing and will baby your machine. They also are willing to work with me regarding completely minimizing downtime - a huge selling point for me. Hit these guys up for anything, I'm sure they can help you.
5	I really can't say enough about these guys. Don't be thrown off by their hard-to-find location, or the tech's harried demeanor - they know what they're talking about and work hard to get you the best price. They are Mac dealers, so they have a contract with Mac to sell their items. This means that they can often do much better on prices than if you buy directly from Mac. We have bought two Macbooks and one iPad from them, and had various other laptops and desktops fixed in their shop. They are understaffed and busy, but still manage to get repairs turned around quickly. Even though I'm a student, it still ended up being a better value to buy from them instead of using Mac's student discount - and I'd rather support a local business.
1	You should never take any computers to be fixed here. They have the poorest customer serveice and they don't do repairs on time. This is not a good business if you work from home with your Mac as I do.
