4	Belle Cheveux is a pretty salon in a strip mall about a half an hour from "the strip". Christina is the esthetician and she gave me the best facial I've ever had. She uses Murad and is very knowledgable. Her love for what she does was evidenced in her flawless work. What's better than one massage?  Two!! The hair stylists were not really service friendly but were not rude either. I would go back for a facial for sure, but some of the retail products are old.
5	We got our hair curled for a party and OMG! McCall did an amazing job. We are totally going back!!!!
5	I have been going to Amber Carmen for about a year and a half.  I found her from the internet and am very happy I did.  She is a great stylist, is very flexible with scheduling and is extremely professional.  I would recommend her to anyone.  Everyone I have sent to her has been thrilled with her cuts, coloring, and style.
5	Very happy to have a new stylist near home. I came in as a walk in and Haley made me over beatifully. The salon is clean, modern and affordable (and next door to the coffee bean) but maybe thats just important to me.
5	The salon itself is very hip-looking and they have a good selection of products for sale.The stylists rent out their booths, so each one isn't exactly a reflection of the salon, but I want to give a plug for my stylist anyway. I have been seeing Angela for my cut and color for a few years now and love her. I am not a hair professional, so I don't know how to direct somebody to style me. Knowing that, Angela gives me several options to pick from for both my cut and color and I have never once been disappointed in her work. Every time I leave feeling better-looking and hipper than I probably actually am. Bonus because her prices are totally reasonable.Also, I know it doesn't really matter, but all the stylists and staff here are super good-looking.
5	Was in town for a wedding and my wife was nagging me to get a haircut and look presentable! One of her friends referred me to Belle Cheveux Salon and to go see Amber Carmen.  Amber did an awesome job getting me in with very little notice and she did an awesome job on my hair cut.  Amber is a great stylist and I would definitely recommend her to anyone who wants a quick hair cut or a long term person to cut their hair.  I highly recommend.
