3	Close to home and 2 can dine for $20 bucks. Can't beat that. Good variety of food and great prices.
4	I have been to this Applebee's a couple of times. Service is great. They offer military discount and they have week day lunch specials. Love it :)
1	Their food is... "okay" We ordered and then literally 2 minutes later, we got the food. The food was dry and cold. I know it doesnt take 2 minutes to make 2 meals, so maybe this happens to be someone elses order that they forgot or something... who knows, but there was no way they cooked up our food in 2 minutes. I think applebees has become my last resort. we didnt even finish our food. it was gross.
4	Plain and simple, I love Applebee's. I've been to this one, many times, I just never got around to reviewing them. But overall, I love the place, I love the food, I love the service. I learned, to get the best out of the restaurant, is to go during the down time. Mainly right after the lunch rush, and before the dinner rush. You get the best service during those time. Even though I do believe that they do give good service through their shift. I believe that your best choice, is going during down time. Since they seem less stressed and more relaxed, that you will see the energy, when they come up and serve you. I love their Mudslide, its a drink that I'll always get. They do have a wide selection of food, but we just came in for dessert this time around. We had this dessert that had Oreo Cookie on it, and it was delicious. The soft chewy cookie on the bottom, topped off with two scoops of ice cream, decorated with whip cream, hot fudge and Oreo cookie crumbs. It was presented very well, and scarfed down very quickly. Now, I recommend the dessert, and the mudslide. I for one love the food they have to offer, and I love the service. Just keep in mind, if you do go here, maybe try going during their down time, and I'm sure you'll see the difference. Even though you'll probably good service either way. You tend to get your food faster, their attention a more and you would really feel that energy.
5	Friendly staff & fresh food. Very busy on weekend nights, including Fridays. Eat here nearly every week. Chips & salsa are a great & cheap apitizer, plus there's an unlimited amount.
2	I like Applebee's food but the service at this location is really, really bad not once but twice.
2	I used to love going to AppleBees but the last 3 times it's been a bit disappointing. Food quality is not the same. The only thing that seams to stay consistent is my favorite triple chocolate meltdown.
1	Now I remember why we don't come here in the past couple years.. Ok come in , request table for 2.. 4 people that come in 10 minutes after us go right to a table, we ask why we weren't seated there since we request a table... She says because that's a large table.. Um ok so if there's only 2 of you then u get seated sometime after larger parties .. Get seated and no shit 14 minutes later we stop someone to maybe order.... Just crap service... Crap food.., will NOT be back
3	my wife and i have been to this place a few times and have not had a bad experience .service is good and they have military discount and thats what really will keep us going back!
2	Maybe I am too picky with my Fish & Chips.  These ones sucked too!  We keep getting gift cards for this places but I have not had a meal I was happy with here.  The water is good.
2	Not the greatest tonight the quality is just a bit off.
3	Food wasn't as good as other Applebee's I have been to but the servers were very helpful and nice! We went on a week night during lunch and it was pretty empty. I ordered the chicken penne and they usually serve alot but here it was about half the size. Not a bad Applebee's but not the greatest!
4	Valerie was an awesome server!!!!My husband and I went for a date night...we got the 2 for $24... Mozzarella sticks, chicken finger platter and 9 oz sirloin...The appetizer was yummy, my chicken fingers were so over cooked I could not eat them and my husbands 9 oz steak was half that (maybe).However Valerie gave us a discount for the bad chicken fingers...even offered a replacement and she was so friendly throughout our dinner.I ordered a vodka and RedBull which wasn't mixed very well and my husband had a long island which he "didn't like" (no further input). We ended up just getting a Pepsi.Overall the experience was great even if the food sucked.
3	I recently went to this restaurant to celebrate my coworkers birthday. I have never had any problems with Applebee's; however, this particular time, I ordered the shrimp and spinach salad and found some type of plastic in my salad. Both the manager and waitress apologized for the incident and were very quick to fix the problem. I was offered a new salad (which I took to go because my coworkers had finished their meal already) and when the food was brought out to me, the manager came back again to apologize. My meal was also free. I gave them a 3 because of how both the manager and waitress quickly fixed the problem. I don't think it was their fault but rather the fault of the cooks who were preparing the foods. My salad was also very good!
4	Never had a prob here at all. The food is good and the servers have always been friendly. Had the new shrimp combo platter. Very good.
3	I love Applebee's, but this location is getting older.  The restaurant isn't as clean as it used to be and the servers don't seem to care very much.
4	Food was really good, drinks were absolutely perfect.  Service was good.
2	I was feeling great before I went to Applebee's. Later that night in my hotel, I was up all night in the bathroom.  It makes me feel nauseous just thinking about food at Applebee's now. I hope it was just a fluke and my appetite returns. The staff was friendly and professional.  The food did taste good. I think it was a giant portobello mushroom with spinach.  I guess I will never know.
1	The menu items and food were decent and VERY affordable. This location at lunch time is run VERY POORLY. The waitress took forever to bring out our food and when she finally did bring us our lunch she brought my Mother and Sons items. My food was left back in the kitchen. Which I didn't receive until AFTER I saw her walking out of a little cubby on the side of the back area of the restaurant looking baffled like she realized she forgot something.Once my food actually arrived guess what her response was  "Sorry we were waiting on the shrimp, and they are making us all do quizzes." Which really made me upset because I had heard two of the employees over by the bar discussing results. One of which happened to be the manager (a heavy set white male) I  believe his name was Jason could be wrong on that. I decided to walk over and give him a peace of my mind.He was unapologetic and fake. Once he realized the issues at hand he came over and kneeled down and simply said "Well how is the food now that it is here?" honestly I have never in my life experienced a manager who was so unprofessional.I am glad my meal was a little over $20 because that made it a STEAL. I typically tip 30% for good service this waitress got the standard 15% all because she wasn't genuine or able to realize you should NEVER tell customers excuses just Sorry. Only time I got a sorry was when I had lost my cool and she replied back with a "WELL SORRY"Ugh Applebees on craig road probably doesn't care about their yelp rating but it makes me sad because the new honey crispers are delicious. They are the only reason I am happy to give 1 star.
1	Went here tonight let's just say the service was horrible when the server said we were putting miles on her feet to get us drinks and half our party got food and finished while the others waited and when the food did arrive it was wrong and my grandmother ordered a steak that was a Mistake dry and over cooked being in this industry I would not recommend this place to any one . This is for sure the worst service I've ever had :(
3	Food was good. My server Bambi was at best perfunctory.
1	We went to Applebee's for dinner. Placed our order. Had a nice time until the food arrived. The Manager helped our waitress deliver our food, he reached across the table past two glasses of lemonade and yes you guessed it both glasses were knocked over spilling all over my husband. No apology no nothing except of course the bill without even a dime taken off. We will never again enter this establishment and I suggest if you do bring a change of clothing.
3	What is there to say its Applebees. Food is generally reasonably priced but decent tasting at best. Its convenient for an easy bite. This location is clean and usually has pretty good service.
5	My family and I ate lunch here. My wife discovered there is a paper in her sandwich so we called a manager about it. The manager saw the paper (paper that used for separating the hams) and replaced her sandwich. Then surprisingly, he offered that everything is on the house.... we declined but he insisted so we decided to take care of the waitress... we are sure she was happy with the tip.Service and food are always Great here.
5	I consider this a really nice nice restaurant. The food awesome, and the prices are affordable. The servers are always polite, and if you have a problem with your food they with take care of it. I come here with my family, and our favorite thing is the steak--so juicy and good we don't even use the A1 sauce provided. The atmosphere is awesome, definitely one of my favorite restaurants to came and eat at during and occasion, or just whenever I want to eat some great food. :)
4	I have been to this location 2 times now and both times the service as well as the food have been amazing. First time I came with some family from out of town. Total of 5 of us. I wish I remembered the waiters name because this guy was great. Soft spoken, Hispanic gentlemen. He remembered all of our drink orders (no 2 drinks were the same), and all of our food orders (all different orders with a few slight variations) without once writing it down or even repeating it out loud. The food and time it takes to get to the table is very quick. I did not however like how I offered a pasta dish and it seemed rather small. I left slightly hungry that day. Second time I ordered a steak and it was perfect. My girlfriend had gotten the Cowboy burger each time and loves it. She loves Red Robin and the burgers there, but said that the burger she gets here is way better. Definitely will be coming here again. Just a short 10 minute drive from my house.
1	So they used to have strawberry lemonade on their menu. If you go here and order a strawberry lemonade or a quencher lemonade the only difference is one has some canned strawberries added and cost two dollars more without refills. Asked for the manager and he clearly admitted that the picture in the menu is very misleading. The menu shows what looks like a premium drink and what we got was from the fountain. Applebee's in general is declining in quality and atmosphere but this location has been particularly hit hard. Service is bad and waiters and waitresses are a mess. The food here tastes like they just pour salt on everything way too much. You shouldn't have to Yelp Applebee's but I found it very comical that the menu and what you actually get has such a discrepancy.
2	I'm not a huge fan of Applebee's, if you've eaten here through the years you know how much the food has changed; it's defiantly not like it use to be. I use to love heading to Applebee's for happy hour, but I'm not sure if this location gets that kind of business because the bar always seems to be slow. I'm a fan of the skinny margarita and honestly it's the only reason I ever want to put it out there for a resturant choice from time to time. The menu is pretty basic to me, nothing that sticks out so much anymore. There are so many other places that surpass what Applebee's is and it's too bad because in the 90's this was the spot. This location is always inconsistent. Sometimes the food is meh and the waitstaff is also, and there have been times the experience has been good, so it's a hit and miss. I just cant give it more than 2 stars. The food just doesn't taste nearly as fresh and taken care of. It taste overly processed and standard. If this if like your favorite restaurant in the whole world (please venture out) than this experience may be expected or it may be sub par, this location produces, just-that
2	Pretty bad.  I was given 2 Applebee's gift certificates, meaning I've been forced there multiple times.The Food: It's typical Applebee's food, not great, just good...although, my coveted artichoke dip was cold last time.Alcohol:  The bartender's suck, I ordered a "Long Beach" two separate times and the first time it tasted purely of tequila (WTF?), the second time I ordered it with a kicker (that the bartender recommended) but it tasted purely of sugar...and I don't mind sugary drinks but this was bad.The Service: Probably the best part of the restaurant, very friendly in my experience (the reason for the second star).Management: incredibly unorganized, managers clearly disliked their jobs, one told us how ghetto the clientele is...which is probably true considering some of the stories I've heard...In essence, the food is hit or miss, the alcohol sucks, and literally most of the management hates their lives...do yourself a favor and go somewhere where there's a little TLC put into the place...
2	First of all, the "perfect" margarita was not perfect. The appetizers were good, but not great. The crazy thing when we get the check at around 5:30pm it doesn't have the happy hour prices of half off. When we asked if they were the correct prices the waitress said yes that meant the margaritas were $18 really really totally not worth it and to top it off the hostess at the door said they don't really know the prices. Also seemed like they were short staffed and didn't have any napkins my sister had to easy all-you-can-eat ribs with only one napkin!  Sorry applebees i really love you but will not be returning to your Craig road location. For spending well over $100 could have had a better experience somewhere else.
1	Worse place ever on top of the food being bad, and the server not on top of the ball, the manager at night was just as bad. this has got to be the worse establishment ever... Started of great got sat down quick took a while to get drinks, when appetizers came out they were cold ask if they can just throw them in the microwave the waitress gave a attitude... When done with the meal we paid and were about to leave when we were so quickly to get blamed for not paying the bill wtf the manager came out very inappropriate when I asked kindly that his actions were rude all he did was blame the server and the server need to be retrain blaming for no pay when we said we paid twice inside the restaurant... After all said I told the manager he need a attitude change because that's no way to treat PAYING customers.... He quickly said I can act and say whatever I like honestly this restaurant is garbage and I will never come back
3	Had lunch here on the weekend with family, just a party of 2 nothing complicated.  Was expecting to have a good lunch, but unfortunately service wasn't good that day.  Our order was incorrectly taken as we had ordered steak, but got chicken instead.  So one of us had food, while the other waited for their order to come out.  When we went to pay our bill, something went wrong with their computer/register and it took forever to get receipt printed.  Server and staff apologized, but unsure if we'll be back.  The only thing we liked that tasted great was an appetizer, the chicken wonton tacos.
1	Went here for dinner last night. We received a gift card as a wedding present and we're very excited to have dinner here. Our waitress was incredible she was nothing short of lovely smart and very consistent with making any of our needs happen. We gave her a $10 tip and suggested to her to find a new job somewhere else for her talents can be appreciated. The food however was absolutely disgusting I ordered the triple bacon burger which I would assume would have triple the bacon and had two tiny slices of bacon on top. I I was hoping it at least would taste good. It did not the Baconator from Wendy's has more bacon than this did and the taste is much better. Now for $12 for a burger I would expect more. My partner had the steak and shrimp parmesan he looked nauseous as he ate it. We both just got through our meals and hoped we could just finish. I'm sorry we both agreed we would never go back to Applebees again. We told our waitress over the huge concern over our food however I know there's nothing she could do about it. She did her job and provided exceptional service Applebees did not do their job by providing absolutely terrible food for their clients to eat never ever ever ever will go back.
