5	After several trips to this adorable kids' furniture boutique within the past week, I am super impressed with the level of customer service that Amie, the owner, provides.  She even met us there on a day she doesn't normally work to answer some specific questions on the products we were looking at.I woke up dreaming about the glider we are going to purchase from Huddle, so I would say that's a good sign... I wish I could share a picture, but there are not any images of the gliders on their website.  I can say with certainty, that it's one of the most comfortable and stylish gliders of all of the ones we've looked at.  There are several models in the store and there is a huge variety of fabrics you can choose from to 'design-your-own' combination!Sure, this place is pricey... but it also carries the highest quality and unique baby / kids furniture I've seen.  They are the main distributor of the Young America / Stanley Furniture line.  Another plus?  It's locally owned!  I feel so much better spending my $$ at Huddle than at one of the corporate megastore chains.  On top of a July 4th sale that they are currently having, Huddle offers free delivery and assembly of their products.  I am getting excited about the baby's room and can't wait for the crib and glider we ordered to arrive!
5	This place is awesome, great to get several new ideas on kids rooms.  They have so much cool stuff here.
5	Our custom glider and ottoman were delivered yesterday... a bit earlier than promised and just in time for Baby M!My husband and I are very pleased with how it turned out.  We chose a soft grey fabric with white piping.  It matches the room perfectly and it's extremely comfortable.  I have a feeling I'll be spending a lot of time in the glider (and Baby M will be spending a lot of time in the crib we purchased from Huddle as well), so I'm confident our splurges will be worth it!Thanks again to the folks at Huddle for the excellent service and products.  Once we know if the baby is a boy or girl, we'll finish the nursery and share pics!
5	Went back here again and purchased a dresser for our new baby.  We love it and will go back again IF we have another kid.
5	What a great store and they have been in business for a long time, so need to worry about them closing their doors anytime soon.What a great selection of furniture, bedding and gifts. Definitely worth it to stop in and see.
1	Avoid like the plague.  Dishonest in every respect. To preface my review, I will say that ultimately we received our furniture "kind of" as ordered.  However, it took us over a month of calling and working with this place to get our actual order delivered.  Huddle did everything to put the responsibility of their mistake on us!  Huddle delivered a MUCH smaller chair than we ordered.  Let's just say that I hardly fit in the chair we received, so I certainly would not have ordered it.  We tried out the chair in the showroom, and it was nice and roomy.  After telling Huddle they made a mistake, not only does Huddle say it's not their problem, they tell us to speak with the manufacturer.  Meanwhile, we had already gone to the website of the manufacturer and found our chair as ordered, and verified that the chair we received was about 6 inches smaller all around.  Here's the funny, and seriously DISHONEST and SHADY part; Huddle had obviously contacted the manufacturer, because the next day, they changed the measurements on their website, AND had the balls to try to act like the new measurements were the real ones and had been their the entire time!  FOLKS, we're talking about 6 inches.  Not a minimal difference.  They are obviously not technically savvy either, as changing a website is EASY to track.  SHADY.
