3	If you like shrimp dishes, this place could be for you. They have a plethora of shrimp dishes. We had a ceviche dish and a shrimp fajita dish. Both were definitely tasty.Overall, not an especially fantastic dining experience, but the food is okay.
5	Yummy. Take a trip south of the border. Love this place more everytime I eat here. I love the shrimp cocktail. Fajitas are fabulous and the quesidilla is divine.  This is my favorite Mexican seafood in town!! Far and kind of pricey, but worth it
3	Delicious food.  My friend and I were actually waiting at Las Islitas, but because it was a fight weekend AND Mexican Independance Day we couldn't hold our appetite any longer.  Someone had mentioned El Diamante to us so we figured we would try this place out.  We called to see if they were busy, which they said they were but said they would set up a table for two.  This place was not as busy as Las Islitas, but that was good for us.  They have mariachi bands as well.  Now if you are not used to mariachi bands playing while you eat, you might want to bring earplugs.  Not saying that they are bad, but it is REALLY loud.  Not a place to have intimate conversations, this setting is to eat and drink and enjoy the mariachi band(s).  Food wise, we had the appetizer oyster topped with ceviche, omg that was so tasty.  Their seafood dishes, you cannot go wrong.  I actually had a beef dish to mix it up a little as my main dish, but I can't recall what exactly it was called.  Its a really long name that started with a Z...haha I hope that helps but that was yum.  They serve it with 4 tortillas.  2 with Cheese the other with beans.  It was delicious and spicy and I emphasize SPICY.  I highly recommend.  My friend spoke fluent in Spanish and that did help a lot.  Makes the conversation with the staff easier.  Their food is yummy and I will definitely return for more.  I just would feel comfortable bringing a Spanish speaking person with me, LOL
4	The outside looks as if the restaurant is closed so we were a little skeptical until we saw someone go in. I came with a group of people on a Friday. We had done some drinking the night before. I ordered a michelada. It was a bit temperature hot so i had to order a cup of ice to put some in. They had salsa and tostadas as starters. The salsa was very good especially if you add lemon. For my entree i ordered " El ceviche de camaron casero" which is basically ceviche de agua chiles. This was so good and the plate was really big. I shared it with everyone. I also had some of my bf's regular shrimp ceviche. This was also really good. A person we were with shared one of his shrimp empenada. this was really good and the sauce it came with was really spicy but delicious. The service here was also really great. The waitress was really nice and attentive. She kept coming around to ask if we were doing ok. She did a really great job considering our party consisted of about 15 people. The decor is very nice too. Its full of really comfortable chairs made in Mexico named EQUIPALES. Next time I'm in Vegas i will definetely be coming to El Diamante.
1	Worst service ever! Let me clarify something, I am Mexican and I know Mexican food. Having said that, I came here for dinner and ordered a Mix Seafood Tostadas. What did I get? Tostadas with no seafood full of fake imitation crab. I brought it to the attention of the manager who stated that its how they make the tostadas here. Really? Maybe they were having a bad day, but even so they deserve a bad review.
1	I had been to this place one time before my recent and LAST visit to this place. The first time around everything went smooth, the food was great, the service was great, no complaints. The second time around, it was a completely different experience. Let me start by saying ABSOLUTELY WORST SERVICE EVER. We walked in and the place was busy. When my boyfriend and I walked in we made eye contact with a waitress, who rather than sitting us down went about her business as if we were not there. Rude much? We get seated and we ordered our food. I ordered a small order or ceviche and my boyfriend order two empanadas and a tostada mixta. The ceviche was good, but it was missing avocado. Every other restaurant that I have gone to and ordered ceviche serves avocado with it. So I asked the waitress if I could please have some avocado. A HALF HOUR LATER I get my avocado, a whole avocado, by this time I am practically done with the ceviche!! The empanadas were fairly good, not the best. My boyfriend's tostada, wow I do not even know where to start! To begin with there was ONE shrimp on it placed neatly on the top of a mountain of haiva which is crab imitation. We dig through the pile of haiva only to find two pieces of octopus which did not look appetizing AT ALL. On the bottom of it all is what seems to be a tomato sauce. When I tell my waitress that I did not order a tostada de haiva and that I ordered a tostada mixta she simply told me that she was sorry but that it was not her fault that she did not cook that. She does not even offer to take it up to her supervisor or to return the food, NOTHING! At any other restaurant the least they do is ask if we want the food returned or replaced. Then I look for a waiter and tell him about the issue, and just like the waitress, he does nothing but explain that it is the way they make them there. Absolutely ridiculous, anyone can google a tostada mixta and you will see that nothing looks like a mountain of haiva. WORSTE EXPERIENCE EVER!!!!
1	I love the food but service is the worst ! Had to wait for them to clean the table ..there was 6 tables dirty no where to sit .  Waitress took another 15 minutes to bring menus.  The food was good ...we waited to get the bill after asking waitress 20 minutes!  I finally walked up to the cashier and asked is the food free because I been waiting for 20 minutes...at no point did they apologize ..paid the bill waitress got $0 tip and that was very hard for me to do...if I decided to go again and this happens I will walk out without paying
2	This place is okay... Definitely horrible service. We walked in & seated ourselves. Took about 10 minutes to get acknowledged by the waitress, then about another 10 minutes to get the drinks. Finally she took our order and the food was out in a reasonable amount of time. We ordered the shrimp cocktail & the aguachiles. The aguachiles was good, however this place is pretty expensive. I'm not sure what the market prices are for shrimp, but this place is no bargain. I will say their preparadas (beer with a combination of some shrimp juice) were 5 stars. Really tasty. Perhaps I'll return, but if I don't it won't be the end of the world.
2	Went to lunch.  No lunch specials.  Device so-so.   The shrimp cocktail was horrible.  No flavor.  Shrimp were not deveined and tasted old.  The music was blasting for the liking of the servers and not the customers.  The lemon fish was not good.  I would fire the cook and focus on the customers.  There is much better around the area.
5	This is one of the best mexican seafood restaurant.  The outside is a little ghetto but once inside it is very nice and all the food and drinks are on point. The best in my opinion.
4	I am just rating on the vibe of this place. I came here a week ago to accompany my parents for their early dinner. It was my first time coming in here and I must say that I loved the atmosphere. The decorations and the vibrant colors this place has to offer are just energetic. The music is just about right noise wise; we were all able to talk without having to yell at each other. & most importantly, the place was full. By the time we left there was a line forming. I would like to come here again and try their food because my parents have raved about it so it must be good.
1	I wish I could give them 0 stars. Worst service I have ever had. I'm so glad I didn't give this dump any of my money. Where to begin:My girlfriend and I wanted Mexican food so we go on yelp and decide on this place. There are no hours of operation on yelp for this restaurant so I call the phone number to ask when they close. The phone rings 10 times, no one answers, I hang up. I call again about a minute later, the phone rings 4 times and a woman picks up and speaks Spanish. I ask her "what time do you guys close?" She speaks Spanish back to me. Now I understand this is a Mexican restaurant but the woman answering the phone should be bi-lingual and be able to speak English. BUT, my girlfriend speaks Spanish so I hand the phone to her and she asks in Spanish what time do they close. The woman apparently couldn't hear my girlfriend (over the blaring music in the restaurant) so my girlfriend asks 3 more times...every time the waitress didn't understand her so the waitress hangs up. My girlfriend calls back and asks again and finally the waitress understands.We head to the restaurant and the music is blaring we can hear it outside. Now I have been to Mexican restaurants before with live-bands and I enjoy it very much but this was a bit ridiculous. They had not only a live band playing but they had three huge loud speakers that the live music was blaring out of. I am not one to exaggerate and when I say I couldn't hear myself talk, I literally mean I could not hear myself talk. I couldn't understand my girlfriend and she was two feet away from me. We walk up to the front counter and there is a girl behind the counter typing away at the computer. Doesn't acknowledge us, doesn't look up, doesn't say hi. Just keeps typing away at the computer. We wait there for about 45 seconds and another waitress walks up to us and points to a table in the back.She doesn't walk us to the table just stays behind the counter and points to the table. We walk through the restaurant to the back and notice that every single empty table is messy (food scraps, plates, glasses) no empty table is clean. We get to the table she pointed out for us and sure enough it has food scraps and chip crumbs on it. We sit down and I take a napkin and wipe away the food crumbs. The waitress comes over to us, does not say hello. Just hands us two menus, cleans up the food crumbs and walks away. Didn't smile, no hello how are you. She didn't even ask us what we wanted to drink. Just walked away. My girlfriend and I sat there for about two more minutes and decided we were going to get the hell out of there and we did. We got up and walked out. Terrible experience. Terrible service.
1	No se merecen ni una estrella. Lastima que tienen a puras viejas vale madre trabajando como meseras. Lo primero que se hace antes de sentar alguien en una mesa, es LIMPIAR la mesa, luego cuando se entregan los menus, se le pregunta al cliente que gustan tomar? De cuando aca este pinche lugar se volvio Las Palmas? No estoy en contra de chirrines, pero se pasan la verdad al dejar a musiquillos traer bocinas.
5	Good food, great drinks! Dayana is an awesome waitress. Burritos de camaron are sooo good also their ceviche casero!!
1	The food was terrible I order shimp with bacon n cheese n they were hard n didn't have a good taste n to let you know they don't clean the shimp at all you could get sick from this is  so disgusting. I would never go back and the service is terrible.
