4	This is the second time I've walked into this place, but first time I bought something. It's a little pricey for what you get, but considering where it is and the shops/boutiques around it, this is no surprise. Fast forward..."it tastes like water at first then it's like a kiwi explodes in your mouth" Details: Came in while the wife was shopping (no surprise here) at the the jewelry store. Got a regular bottle of water and a "essence water" kiwi flavor. Asked the cashier if she'd ever had it, and she said no but asked her colleague in the back and that when the kiwi explosion came out. Yep...laughed, said wow and bought the drink. First sip...no explosion. That said; good flavor, though for $3, I'll drink the regular water next time. Nice place for a quick fix meal or dessert on the way home from work or sit outside and enjoy the patio. They sell good wine by the bottle at decent prices too.
4	I am just really excited that I now have a handful of great lunch places close to work. Last year I use to struggle to find a decent salad in this town. Something Classic has lots of healthy option and is the perfect place to pick something up on the go that is actually good for you. I briefly glanced around the store and it looks like they also have catering services as well as pre-made dishes to take home and heat up in the oven...I'll definitely be back to try some other food items here but the chicken and asparagus salad made me a happy customer.
4	Great little cafe in the Dilworth area. Always seem to overlook this one but gave it a shot today. Had the Spicy Pimento Cheese, was a good sandwich, fairly heavy so couldn't finish it all. Great flavor! We also tried the quiche, which might have been a better selection that the pimento cheese. The service was incredible and amazingly friendly. Look forward to returning and trying some of their soups!
3	Something Classic Cafe is cooly located on the ground floor of a shopping center on East Blvd.  Their outdoor patio is the best part about the joint - with nice umbrella-ed tables, a little fountain and views of the various going ons of Dilworth.  I think their main business is catering and weekday lunch, but they have a nice selection of healthy sandwiches.  I had a brie, apple invention.  It was pretty good.  Unfortunately they were out of potato salad.  They seem to have an environmentally friendly bent with utensils made of potatoes and cups made of plant plastic.  Expect to spend a little too much ($10) but make sure you get your money's worth and sit outside.
4	Never really noticed this place before other than the outdoor seating, but after my mom suggested it, we gave it a try. I'm so glad we did!! I had the pimento cheese sandwich with tomato soup and it was delicious. They have a lot of options to order as well as pre-made sandwiches, salads and spreads you can purchase. Reminds me of one of my favorite places from college ( Gourmet Shop in Columbia, SC). They also have a wide range of baked goods and wine too!
5	We just completed the 24 Hours of Booty bike ride for cancer research in Charlotte. Something Classic catered several of the meals and everything was great! Especially the food on Sunday! These guys were standing over grills in 102 degree heat for hours. They served grilled and barbecue chicken, green salad and the best pasta salad I've ever had. I really hope I can track down this recipe from their website. It's not a surprise that they turned it out this weekend--what surprises me is how incredibly consistent they are. I have probably attending more than fifteen events catered by SCC. No matter what event or when or where, I know I will be pleased with what they serve!
4	When your tennis instructor has you and 8 others hitting balls for 2-and-a-half-hours in the 105 degree heat at Freedom Park, the last thing I wanted was a greasy burger or stir fry, or pizza.  My body was craving hydration and something fresh and cold. Instead of our usual apres-tennis East Boulevard lunch haunts, my husband and I checked out Something Classic Cafe.  (Home of the gourmet TV dinner which I will get to in a moment.) I got the salad trio with the chicken salad, fruit salad and organic baby greens. (Yes, you will pay slightly more for these organic greens, but I think it's worth it.)  It was just what I needed, something not laden with too many ingredients, and not too heavy. The lettuce leaves were all perky and crisp (a pet peeve of mine is slimy leaves.  That's an instant 1-star demotion) and the chicken salad, not over dressed. Ev got the turkey, brie and granny smith apple sandwich which came with a small salad.  He had wanted potato salad, but for some reason I don't think it was available that day. The sandwich was well composed with just the right proportion of brie, turkey and apple. The reason why I'm not giving SCC 5 stars, is the dessert.  The strawberry cake slice was enormous.  As soon as I took a bite though, I realized it was either several days old, or somebody over beat the cake batter.  It was HARD and crumbled at the touch.  The frosting too was cracking.  Too bad we had gotten it to go, or I would have walked right back and asked for a refund. I like SCC, despite this cake disaster.  Besides the super fresh cafe offerings, their "TV Dinners" are a nice alternative to cooking some weeknights.  (think: classic chicken pot pies and chicken with pear couscous.)PS:  Love how the utensils are made of recycled corn. The cafe even sells little bundles of them.  (They're not exactly cheap compared to other plasticware, but the eco-friendly aspect gives this place a nice touch.)
4	If you seek a quick sandwich, bottle of water, a slice of quiche or a frozen item to take home, Something Classic is a solid choice. You'll pay a bit more for what you get, but your belly will be filled with tasty goodness. I've tried a few different lunch options here - two standouts include the caprese sandwich (get it toasted!) and the special of the day - asparagus, tomato and goat cheese quiche. Portions aren't gigantic, but they're certainly large enough for a plentiful lunch. Also, if you're going balls to the wall, try the pimento cheese sandwich, it's pretty delightful. One item that didn't wow me - the cupcakes! They look so incredible but I've found them to be dry and a bit lacking in flavor. Maybe I need to try another slew of flavors?
4	I love to go to this place for lunch.  They always have the most amazing fresh made soups.  My two favorites are the Tomato Basil, and the Stuffed Pepper.  I have had a ferw different sandwiches, but I have a hard time passing on the Tomato/Mozzarella/Basil Baguette.  They have a small area to eat inside, they seem to focus on meals to go too.  They always have a lot of choices for thing to take home.I highly recommend this place.
1	I came in for the first time after tasting a co-worker's turkey Reuben from here...however I felt as though I were bothering the workers by coming to get my own.  I was the only one in the place and when I came and nobody came to the counter to help me.  Instead they asked me with a "what" look from the sandwich-making table and I had to yell three times what I needed.  Typically I approach my clients when they are trying to speak to me...after I repeated myself three times "Carla" said "I couldn't hear u". And I'm thinking come around from the back, why am I the one yelling??  However while I'm waiting a girl perhaps a frequent client walks in and "Carla" walks right up to help her with her two teas she asks for.  I had heard how rude the service was and just had to see for myself thinking maybe it was a bad day or too busy.  Seems pretty consistent at this point.  I work with the public on east blvd all day long and my co-workers share the same sentiments...in other words we will not be back anytime soon.  What a shame...the food was so amazing
4	Good soup and sandwich joint, a hair on the pricey side.  I do like that they have some higher end ingredients like Brie cheese, carmelized onions and artichoke spread... makes for some good eats.One tip - make sure you try whatever is "featured" at the front end of the cafe right to the right when you walk in.  Every time, I read the sign and think - ehw gross - and every time I have to practice fiscal responsibility to not buy a case of whatever spread, bread, cookie, or whatever else it is they've got out there.
4	I went to an event this past weekend that Something Classic Cafe catered. They honestly have the friendliest staff ever. The nice lady chatted with me and invited us to eat as much as we wanted . The food was always full and overall it was really tasty. My favorite of the spread were the scones with fresh fruit and homemade whipped cream and the cherry tomato, mozzarella, and basil skewers with a balsamic glaze for dipping. There were plenty of options all which were awesome, but my only recommendation would be to skip the cupcakes, which paled in comparison to their other options, shocking I know. Overall they did a great job catering the event, I look forward to trying the cafe food here soon!
4	Great Sandwiches, and with the location somewhat small, call-ahead orders are accepted. We enjoyed the Turkey & Brie sandwich and the Turkey & Avocado Wrap. Both amazing.  However, for two sandwiches and two drinks, we spent over $20, a little pricey for lunch.  Overall, I am a fan, and enjoy the freshness and hospitality Something Classic offers.
2	Go near this place frequently but never tried until today. Ordered a very simple salad with added grilled chicken. Waited about 15 minutes for the salad (to go). The chicken was cold - I expected warm for the 15 minute wait, there were 4 simple ingredients and it cost $ 10.90.  They also forgot to give me the $2.00 tea I ordered. Maybe I just caught them on a bad day...it is Monday...but probably won't go back.
2	Went here for work.  Pleasant people aside from maybe a manager who seemed inconvienced.  I needed a vendor to take on $12-15k a year worth of boxed lunches.  I don't think they can handle that volume because the people I dealt with didn't seem ready to talk those figures.  She was in a hurry to tell me what a normal person would pay daily.  Why would I pay regular price for so much?  I've heard the foods decent.  I won't know.  Missed opportunity I think.
5	I've visited on several occasions and have been pleased every time!The food is great, with original combos and names. They even serve pickled okra as a side... I was skeptical but its surprisingly good! My favorite part of the experience was the service. Its rare nowadays to come across a restaurant that truly has good service. The people were so nice, they could have served a week old sandwich and i'd be okay with it (haha lets not test that theory)Its safe to say that i'm very pleased with Something Classic Cafe.
3	Just had lunch for the first time here, after hearing positive things from friends. I wasn't impressed, especially with the service. We waited a long time, for everything. Took over 30 minutes for some cold wraps and pasta salad to come out. The server took my card to pay for the lunch, and after 15 minutes I had to go hunt her down and ask for it so I could leave. Probably won't be coming back again, there are much better places nearby to get a sandwich/wrap.
