5	They do such a great job here and she takes her time with each pet which I absolutely appreciate. Great place to bring your pet :)
5	If you love your furry children this is where you take them!I found this lady purely by accident as the leading groomer for show cats we had been going to forever in Chicago moved on to other ventures. We were lost. Reluctantly I brought my little one to a Vegas groomer while on vacation. After this experience, I will never take her anywhere else. Not only did this woman and amazing artist create the perfect lion cut for my munchkin, over the top of what the award winning prior groomer could do, her facility was open and free-range- leaving no worry or disconcern about where they were taking the animal and how they were treating it.As I reluctantly drop my kid off I watch the quality workmanship in the fluffy, perfectly manicured dogs leaving this shop and I am put to ease. What I got however in result FAR EXCEEDED my expectations! Professional as they come, this salon did my little one's ears and nails- taking the time to give her personalized attention,  and returned her happy and smiling and smelling like fresh apples :)This woman's business is so underrated it's shocking- it is something out of a Dupont Registry.  She is a true animal whispering rock star and we are so lucky to have stumbled upon this epic service! I will be flying us back indefinately to recreate the happy, fresh smelling perfectly groomed kitten I just brought home. If you're within a 12 hour flight of this place and your pet needs groomed it's well worth it! You definitely won't be disappointed!
5	I have had Penny Jolley as a groomer for several years both at her previous locations and at her new location. She had groomed my long haired cat Piewacket for most of her life. Pie loves going to visit Penny and people are amazed at how calm she is and how great she looks when she is done. When she gets home she rolls on the floor because she feels so good. Penny goes above and beyond the norm to give each pet their best experience and is always professional to her clients.
5	I took my very Large and Timid pit bull here. They did a great job with her ! I drive past this place often and thought i should give it a go, i don't regret it one bit. Its been about 2 weeks now and her coat is still shiny! Its saying a lot considering her daily routine consists of rolling in the dirt :) i will definetly be bring the rest of my pets here.
5	Well once again Penny came thru like the pro she is. Brought Piewacket in for a bath and major trimming today and my long hair kitty is loving life again. She gets really pissy when she needs to be groomed. Thanks Penny love you.
