5	Boxes Boxes We need Boxes.This is where I came to purchase the boxes to ship my shopping booty home.  Never pay more than $2-3 for a box people. You are getting ripped off if you pay more. This is a nice clean and mellow location. Parking is available. If I were moving to LV, I would use this company to store my stuff.
5	Thank you to InfoDiva MLIS for reviewing this storage facility!  After a recent move to Las Vegas, I needed to put a couple of random things into storage, and had little information on which to base my decision about storage joints.  But I came across InfoDivaMLIS' suggestion and stopped by.  The managers of the Flamingo Rd. location are incredibly nice and helpful (they maintain the property very well, and it is impeccably clean).  They talked me down from getting a larger unit, explaining how the few things I had would fit in something smaller.  The storage units are easily accessible, and even after a few days of strong rains, I was pleased to see they were still dry inside.  I guess the only downside I'd note is that I was hoping to pay a little less for storage in Las Vegas, but I suppose I'm paying for the peace of mind of using a great facility.
5	Six months after moving in, I'm now moving out and I simply cannot say enough positive things about the way this storage facility is run.  Everything is clean, their record-keeping is impeccable, the staff is incredibly helpful and friendly, and they are even giving me a refund for 6 days I paid for since I'm moving out before the end of the month.  If you need mini-storage in Las Vegas, the Storage West at 2700 E. Flamingo is the best place you can possibly go.
5	Would definitely rent again from this location if we need a storage.  Very nice, friendly, helpful managers.  Clean, secure units.  Great location for UNLV students in need of storage.  Can't say enough about the managers.  That personal touch makes a difference.
1	DO NOT USE THIS FACILITY.  I put my valuables in storage in Nov 2007 and paid almost $4,000 just to fly back in Dec 2011 to find all of my belongings covered in rat unrine and feces.  There was no light in my unit and there was very little to no concern from management  when I started to grab my things in the dark and was concerned at the state of my stuff.  When I asked what rodent was in there, the manager said rats and walked away.   After writing a letter requesting reimbursement for my rent and damaged things, I've been disregarded and avoided.  PLEASE FOR YOUR OWN SAKE DO NOT RENT FROM THIS PLACE.  I am committed to doing whatever I can (BBB of Las Vegas, Chamber of Commerce and small claims court) to make sure no one goes through this unfortunate situation.
5	They are really, really great about helping students get what they need. Supplies, storage, anything! If you need help with making payments, they will understand. They have really, really amazing customer service. I have been going there for three years now and they are great. There was a problem with my account for overcharges for no reason and they waived it all and adjusted it back to where it was supposed to be. They didn't complain or give you any problems with it. They just apologize and fix it for you. I highly, highly recommend this location.
5	So I had a lot going we were packing to move and I was changing jobs.  So with that in mind I wanted a storage unit so I could pack when I had time store my work items and get as needed until a permanent place was located.  We did some research and had a friend who used this storage as well.  We LOVED the fact they had on site managers in layman's terms we never had to worry much about our stuff.  You have to key in with a code that is only yours and also key out with the same code.  You cannot come before or after the posted hours.  They are also doing work around the property to keep it clean all day.  Not once did I see a bug and they said if you do please let us know so we can precede a problem not take care of a problem after the fact.  They seem like they have preempted all strikes to prevent all problems not like some places that try to take care of it after many complaints they also take care of the place and their jobs as home not just getting by for the job.  The wife is usually in the office doing bookwork and the husband is in and out doing the outside stuff.  I was really nervous of what it would look like, the place was clean like REALLY CLEAN looked like it was swept and constantly cared for.  I was also really worried about using a storage unit, after the fact I am/was not because of this couple.  If I ever need to do this again in the future if this couple is no longer here I may reconsider but if they are I would have no problem doing it again.  Thanks for the great experience in the storage life.
