4	This was the oldest Wal-Mart on the Eastside and last fall they closed it up and remodeled it turning it into a SuperCenter.It is now re-opened and has been since Nov '08.It's like no other Wal-mart I have ever been in. Kinda reminds me of the Neighborhood Wal-mart grocery stores.Nice big aisles,new carts and the new light blue color of the interior is great and they also have self-check!!Same inventory as all the rest but a much better layout & feel and when I visited there were no lines because they were properly staffed and had plenty of self-check lanes.Lucky Eastsiders!
4	People give WAL MART a bad rap but we,the consumers, demand low prices at all times. We do not care how WAL MART does it just as long as we do not see it and our dollar goes a long way. I personally like Wal Mart because you can find everything here and you do not have to go anywhere. Great service and friendly people what else can you ask for?
5	I dislike Walmart like no tomorrow. It's always cramped, the poor employees are overworked, harried, and cranky, and undisciplined children rum amok through the store.But every now and then, I need something that only they stock so I have to go inside.This time, I was in the business for an air mattress. I recently moved , sold everything I owned (including a bed), and am now starting over. i figured an air mattress would tide me over until I could buy a real bed of some kind. Sure beats sleeping on the floor.I went to a couple of Targets, usually my big box store of choice, but they were out of the models I could afford. Their stocked ones were about $150, and that's just too much for an inflatable sleeping lifesaving device.So I arrive at the first Walmart I see, filled with overwhelming hatred for this company. But it soon began to be melted away when I was greeted with a genuine smile by the man at the front. Hmmm.I grabbed a basket, popped in the air mattress I wanted ($70 for the super deluxo fancy one), found the protein shakes I like (insane great price), and a few other bits and bobs.This Walmart was incredibly clean and very well laid out. The aisles are wide and allow easier manuvering among the crowds. As Scott mentioned, same inventory as the rest, and also with a food center and a pharmacy.The employees were all helpful and kind. Another plus.Also...no constant drone of screaming kids. It was heaven to my ears. Now, I understand this matter is no fault of Walmart's, but it does add a little pleasure to my retail shopping experience.I'll be back for sure.
4	This place is one stop shopping. The have the BEST prices on almost anything. The deli is cool and the fried chicken that they make  is very tasty. If you do not mind supporting a corporate giant who abuses overseas workers and their employees. By all means shop away!!!!!!!!
2	The only thing super about this Super Wal-Mart is the length of their lines.  They are always super long!  I wish this place had self check out that would make things sooooo much easier.  I stop by here on my way to work sometimes to pick something up to eat for lunch later.  I tried to do that yesterday and only 2 registers were open and there was at least 5 people w/full shopping carts in line.  The line kept growing and growing and growing and growing.  A junkies dream come true.  I had to make a choice of being late for my job I dislike or being on time and arriving empty handed.  I didn't wanna be late so I left.  Before I left a black lady was getting irritated and yelled about the lines being long.The second to last time I was here a new line had just opened up and I had to power walk to it quickly and sneakily cut in front of an old couple so I could get out of here in a timely manner.  This place is a retail warzone.  Not really but the lines annoy me.
4	It's Wal-Mart.The greeter when I usually go is pretty awesome though, so an extra star for that. Dude has charisma.But still. It's Wal-Mart.
4	Why am I reviewing a Wal-Mart?  Because I can, b*itch!  Haha... but seriously... This specific Wal-Mart location cannot be beat.  We have a timeshare in Vegas and wanted to do some cooking and pre-partying at the hotel. It's a ginormous location, one of those with almost everything you could possibly need - a super store.  And surprisingly, it's quite spacious.  Never did we feel cramped or dirty (you know what I mean..!)  We spent most of our time in the food and liquor section (go figure).  Good selection of grocery items and decent variety of alcohol.  Customer service was good, and security was on point!  They had pulled some people quite swiftly into the backroom for questioning.  Yowzah.  There's also a Red Box inside the store, which we found convenient.  So, why only 4 stars..?  Why is there one star dangling..?  Because.. it's Wal-Mart..
4	This review is for 4.5 stars. I really like this one, even though it's not a super center (smaller, no auto department). The greeters actually hand you the carts. Service with a smile. The produce, frozen, and grocery sections (incl. cereal, coffee, dog food, drinks, chips/snacks, and dairy) are on the left. This is what I come here for mainly- the food and/or dog food for my female dog. Lean Cuisine Market Creations are $1.98- $3.98 elsewhere. Sometimes there are good deals on the produce- apples, bananas, onions. Front left corner is the customer service counter with a Coinstar machine- free if you turn your coins into a gift card. Middle is clothing, shoes, and jewelry. Some of the clothing is the lower lines/divisions of some name brands like OP (Ocean Pacific- it was big when I was growing up). Back middle is electronics (blu ray dvd's are reasonable- lots for under $15.00), greeting cards, and arts/crafts. Right section of the store is generally the pharmacy (front), health section (front), home fitness (back), and house wares (back). This is a newer store (one location in the area closed). Clean too. Good mix of customers shopping here. Lines go pretty fast. The Price Matching feature at these stores, is really neat. It must be the exact item advertised. We had a really nice lady at checkout- my mom's new to this. I didn't do this for myself since I had some specific needs that week. My sister is very good at price matching. Also, if you order online, 'Site to Store,' you can pick up your item here at no additional cost- choose the location, get an e-mail when it's ready, and get there- it's easy.
5	We dropped into town the week before Christmas and since we were staying at the Wyndham (timeshare) and it had a full kitchen, we decided to stock up on goods. I was surprised by both the reasonable prices and the cleanliness of the store. Also, the fact that it was right off the strip and easy to find was a definite plus.I will definitely return to this Wal-Mart, with bells on.
5	Hmm...so why am I at Walmart in Sin City?!!Came here on an errand run to buy snacks, drinks, and other necessities. This Walmart is gorgeous and spacious, and the staff is SUPER friendly and helpful. They were actually the best Walmart employees I encountered, and I been to many Walmart in different states and counties. One of the guys (wish I remembered his name for a shoutout) went out of his way to walk me to the other end of the store to show me where the "finishing nails" were. I guess you receive great customer service when your city is not over saturated. Although the BEST SUPERCENTER Walmart I went to was in Hangzhou, China!I was able to get everything I needed quickly and efficiently, and the best part was there were a lot of cashiers ready and available to check me out.I am discouraged to go to the Walmart nearby my house because of the super crowded shopping aisles, no parking, and dreadful, long lines at the checkout. Major props to cleanliness and superb customer service!
4	Being a college student, I have to shop at places on a budget. Sadly yes, I do fit the "broke college student" stereotype. Although there is a target just down the street from UNLV, Walmart offers some pretty great prices that are even lower than the ones at Target!For starters, about three weeks ago I decided to spend only $100 dollars on snacks and food for work. When I went to the register, even though I thought I had reached that $100 limit judging by the prices and the huge mound of food in my cart, it was only $93! To this day there is still a bunch of food left. Another great thing about this location is that it is open 24 hours a day! Isn't that great? I know we have all had those nights where we are wide awake at 3 am and can't go to sleep. Go to Walmart and buy some sleeping medicine! Problem solved. This Walmart is definitely clean and spacious unlike some others I have been to in California. It will definitely help get the job done when you are in need of something.
3	What can you say, it's a WalMart, big, long lines and a little dirty but they have everything.  You go when you have to and don't when you have a better option.
5	This Walmart saved mine and my friends lives when we were staying in Vegas. As you know, a week long trip in Vegas can be pricey. Thats when we turned to walmart to help us save on some cash.The workers were always willing to help us find items that we needed. The employees at the cashier always greeted you with a smile and started casual conversations with you, and most importantly the store was CLEAN. I came back to this Walmart for many things throughout my weeklong stay in Vegas. I would recommend it to anyone staying on the strip who needs to grab something they forgot to pack or even a couple of handles to keep the party going when the clubs aren't open and you don't wanna drop 20 bucks on a drink.
4	I would give this location a five star but I HATE the parking lot here. I don't know what it is especially since this Walmart is in somewhat of a deserted shopping mall. Plus, it's hard to give any Walmart a 5.After the remodel a couple years back, this Walmart has definately improved. I am always in and out, it is always clean and organized and it is never so busy that I am waiting in long lines.I do not know why I don't frequent this location more than the others it is just that much better.
2	Not a huge fan of this wal-mart. I find the parking lot really annoying to deal with. It is always very busy and hard to navigate and find a spot. Perhaps its because all of the other wal-marts I got to have dual entrances. Every time I have gone in here it is really busy on the grocery side. They have the aisles so jam packed with special displays that only one cart can pass on each side. I am constantly finding myself waiting for others to pass, feel like I need blinkers on my cart!!I have also found that the few times I have gone here I have had to wait in lines longer than I have at any other wal-mart. There is often only a few check-out lines open and they grow very long and move very slowly. Also as a side note, and not wal-mart's fault, but the last time I went here I parked next to a car and turned to look inside to see a man sitting in his car with the windows down, lights on, jerking off. Have ever since been scarred and have choosen to go to the other wal-mart on Eastern!
5	This review is for the pharmacy only.I came here because I heard they had a great discount for the uninsured. VERY glad i did! Not only did the pharmacist, Joe, take the time to call my dr and double check the dosage on a script that was unclear, he also looked into the discount card for me when he heard i have no insurance. He saved me $90! I was able to get the better med (not generic), AND it only took 15 minutes to fill my script even though they were busy. I witnessed the pharmacist asking a lady in front of me asking how her new insulin script is working. So he actually remembers people. Ill tell you what, i didnt expect this kind of service at a walmart, and i will DEFINITELY be back. Thanks joe! You made my day!
2	Not a favorite Walmart location in town. The parking lot is always packed and I'm constantly dodging pedestrians and other vehicles on my way to finding a spot. The store is not as organized and well-stocked as other Walmarts I've been to. I had a few items I wanted to buy but the lines were so long I ended up just putting all my items back and just walking out. They needed to be more aware of line management and have more registers open to accommodate all the patrons.
3	This location is the road less traveled for me. Not on a desirable side of town, at least not for me, but near other shops I frequent in the area, so find myself in here from time to time for the Wally World essentials.This store is SMALL for a supercenter. I recall a friend that worked here that told me they intended to purchase the vacated Guitar Center next door (now Fallas Parades) in order to make this location a true supercenter but something fell through in the negotiating process. So, they took this regular Walmart and converted into a supercenter anyway, but drastically cut down on the retail side in order to make the grocery side the same size you'd expect in a supercenter.I absolutely love the layout and cleanliness of the grocery side. It looks totally different from a standard Wally World supercenter. It appears to be very upscale. You can tell they take pride in the grocery section. The retail section, on the other hand, is so small!! I don't think I've ever bothered a second time to shop it because there's nothing there in comparison to a standard Walmart. Epic fail on that end, as far as I am concerned.The employees here are fantastic. Purchased a TV today and the clerk in that area was a very professional and stand up young man. Actually made me proud, to be honest. Overall, this store is pretty nice, but I consider it a Walmart Neighborhood Market that happens to sell regular retail merchandise in a scarce fashion. Keep that in mind when shopping here. It is not your typical Walmart Supercenter.
2	Umm.... It's a Walmart. When I Looked for grocery stores on Yelp close to where we were staying (Signature Suites) this one was the closest.It was down the street from the University. I guess it wasn't the best neighborhood? Well that didn't stop us from going. We needed to stock our condo for a few days. We are from PA, So we can not buy beer or any other liquor in our local store.The prices were reasonable for beer and Spring water! A big plus.I really liked the produce department. I also found some great guacamole!The staff were the best, especially the cashier. Not a bad place to go to pick up what you need without driving around the strip area. Panhandlers were out front, just ignore them, no problem.I'd say.... Don't be afraid. Just go here!
1	Don't have anything delivered to the location. The employees were so full of crap it would actually be funny if it were sketch comedy. I ordered some athletic equipment shipped to store. After showing them a tracking number and even finding the name of the person who signed confirming delivery, instead of trying to locate my items, the assistant manager insisted that fed ex was wrong and my equipment never arrived. Then after calling shipping  to verify my facts, I was basically told that those people must also be 'wrong'. I would have appreciated either an offer of a refund, or an attempt to locate my merchandise. Not the insistence that every bit of verification I was able to show must somehow be wrong.
4	Compared to some of the ghetto Walmarts back home in LA, this one is a gem. I came here at 9PM and I was shocked it wasnt crowded. I can actually see thru the isles. Merchandise was were it belonged, on the shelves and not on the floor. The lines were short, no 40 min wait in line crap. I found what I needed and was in and out in less than 10 min. Wish my local Walmart was like this, lol.
3	It is a pretty decent Walmart as Walmarts go, not super large, but easy to get around and find things. The produce here is pretty decent as well..
1	Place has terrible parking.
3	Close to the strip. Come here for a quick refill on supplies. A-a-a-acohol! Huge parking lot, which is a plus. Also if you're drunk, it be funny to see what random crap you buy from Walmart. A new fuzzy bathrobe? Yogurt and tortilla chips? This isn't a glamorous Walmart. It's dingy, but it has all your essentials. The lines weren't too long. But I feel like I need a shower after I come here.
2	...I'm generally a Walmart supporter, but this location was a test of my peopleofwalmart.com identification skills.  Terrible layout, small and cramped, and far too few lanes open to accommodate 1/2 of the people in attendance.  Convenient to one of my two offices it will suffice, but future stops will be few and far between.
4	I want to recognize an employee, Sherwin, that works in the photo department.  He goes above and beyond most any other employee I've ever seen at walmart or any other retail store for that matter. He is always willing to make eye contact to answer a question whether it involves photo, cell phones, electronics or camera batteries. He will find an answer if he's not confident in his expertise- no matter the question. Walmart is lucky to have him and I thank him for his pride in his job. If you need anything at this store- ask for Sherwin, usually around the photo or electronics dept.The only reason I didn't give this store 5 stars is because they don't open very many registers on weekday mornings when I shop.
2	Very limited selection. This is a smaller Walmart location. Cashiers are nice, but very over worked. Out of the 19 or so check stands, there are 3-4 open on average. Lines are horrible to checkout.
3	Yeah, it's Walmart! It's a great place near UNLV to pick up your "party supplies" (haha!) There's really nothing that Walmarts ever don't have--they carry everything! I don't really expect that much from a store that's supposed to sell everything. Well, except for fast service! I feel like the members of this Walmart community deserve more efficient and faster service! Lines are always long & cashiers are nice but they are so sloooow. It has always taken me 20 minutes to buy one item. The rest of the store is a little dirty and hard to get around with a cart! Aisles are so small and hard to walk through. But, honestly, if the only thing you need Walmart for alcohol--then you are set!! Just be warned, the line might take a while!!!
5	I am only doing a review for the customer service I got at the Verizon store, Normally what is a drawn out service was done fast then again I had everything I needed. I was able to get out of my old iphone 4s to a samsung galaxy best phone ever just need to figure out how to transfer data from iphone over would be nice. But the staff at the verizon store very professional
3	This review comes from not being able to reach a manager on the phone.I lost my iPad today at this Wal Mart (yes I know, scary, but I got it back). As as on as I realized it was gone I did what any iDevice user does, go on Find My iPhone. It was still at the store so I called in as I made my way back.This employee who answered the phone seemed annoyed that I was calling before I even spoke. When I explained my situation I was told "Oh God" (and not in a concerned way) followed by "I'm going to transfer you." I had no idea who I was being transferred to or if she had taken any action otherwise. The transfer took about 2 minutes and the woman who answers the phone then was extremely helpful. She immediately set out to look for it with the given description and location and I even heard buzz on their radios as I walked in (I found it before yet did). While the interaction ended well I must say I was disappointed overall. The first employee showed no concern in helping me solve my problem and simply passed me off to the next person. I was going for 2 stars but I realize that I was provided with great service on the end. This is not my regular Wal Mart and I don't plan on coming back.
2	This is just a normal Walmart. Nothing special about it. Most of the time when I come here, there are stacks of boxes all over the place. This to me is not very appealing and doesn't come across as very professional. It would be best in my opinion to do the restocking at night or during hours less busy. Also, every time I've been here and had to use the bathroom, its always been dirty and in need of cleaning! Cashiers have always been pleasant and most of the time, I can find what I'm looking for.
4	Always friendly staff who always help with anything. Sometimes late at night there are too long of lines though and they never open more. Tend to go by fast tho.The only thing that isn't the best are the other customers there, sometimes they can be really obnoxious and gross.
3	Good prices but the service is horrible!
2	I am bottled fizzy waterAnd you are shaking me upYou are a fingernail runningDown the chalkboard I thought I left in third gradeNow my only consolationIs that this could not last foreverWho are you?When will you be throughYeah, it's just a phaseIt will be over soonYeah, it's just a phaseYeah, it's just a...phase  Just a phase Incubus-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I have to agree with Michael U's comment's about this location. This location is by no means a 'super center' in comparison to location's I've patronized in Phoenix & Montana. This is what I would call a cheap knockoff.   The selection is lackluster,cramped,and don't bother purchasing cosmetic's here because a lot of it isn't in stock or it's been smeared all over the place. Thanks but no thanks.    Thanks but no thanks
