4	This place is awesome! They have a fantastic and varied menu; the best of all (Asian) worlds! The menu is a delectable mix of Japanese, Chinese, Thai, Malaysian, etc. They of course serve Sushi, the usual classics, as well as fancier versions. They also have a Hibachi grill. This place serves up the best Shumai I've ever had. The Sushi is fantastic, I've had Sashimi, and the fish is very fresh. I haven't tried the Hibachi, so can't comment on that. The Thai curry is better than that of the totally overpriced White Orchids. The ambience is nice, but it gets really loud in there due to the Hibachi and the accompanying shrieks from people who act like they're seeing the Onion volcano for the first time. Servers are very friendly. They do have an alcohol license if you're looking for a Sake fix. Great place to go if you have a group where each person is looking for different types of Asian cuisine.
2	Went twice. The food was good, but I was so turned off by the wait staff -  which acted like they were doing you a big favor to be serving your table - that I won't return.
4	I love the atmosphere of this restaurant. It's the calming with the lighting, and just trendy enough to set it apart (without being overdone) from other Asian restaurants in the area.The food is good, although I think some of the sushi rolls are a bit overpriced and my Bento Box came out a little cold at lunch; however, it was really busy so I'm not overly concerned about it- the flavors were spot on! My friend got General Tso's, and that was delicious too. Lunch portions are perfect, being big enough to be filling but small enough so you aren't lagging the rest of the day. The food is surprisingly light for this type of cuisine.Service here is wonderful. The staff is incredibly friendly and attentive. I think this would be a really fun restaurant to go to with a small group of people.My only note would be that some of the sushi comes with a soy wrap instead of seaweed. I have an allergy to soy, and I didn't read the menu closely enough so I was a bit surprised when my Peking Duck roll came with a soy wrap- no harm done though. It was delicious, even picked apart without the wrap!
4	Went here tonight with my husband and two children.  It was our first time at this restaurant.  We decided to enjoy a fun hibachi dinner.   The chef was really great and our food was good.  They give you a lot of food for the hibachi dinner.  Well worth the price.  What was most outstanding was the service.  They were so nice, attentive and extremely fun and friendly to my kids.  They even opened up the hibachi section  for us even though they technically have that section closed on Mondays (they had to call the hibachi chef who was off, but he came in to accomodate us).  We will definitely be back.
5	So Wild Rice is definitely one of my favorite sushi places ever. The only reason is the unlimited all you can eat made to order sushi for twenty dollars. You're warned only order one to two rolls at a time. If you leave anything left on the plate they will charge you extra for wasting food. They have great sushi though and the unlimited sushi is great because you can order any of the rolls/ special rolls. Oh yeah don't order like 4 rolls at once...... you'll want to kill yourself.... -___-. Oh and no sharing sushi because that's illegal I guess. Overall great sushi and I want to try some of their other dishes as well.
2	Tried both the Hibachi cooking and some Sushi. Hibachi was OK, but not as good as others close by. Chef tried to be tricky and funny, but kept dropping things and making mistakes. Sushi seemed like it was frozen fish quality. Not nearly as good or fresh as Bamboo or Liu's. They are close by and better choices for fresh Asian food. No other customers at lunch time other than our table. Not a good sign. Staff were eating their lunch in the dining room while we ate. Not very inviting.I think it was my first and last visit. There are too many better choices close by.
4	I've been here a few times for lunch.  Lunch specials are great if you want something  relatively healthy, inexpensive and delicious. $6-8.00 gets you a cup of soup, a lunch sized entree and a serving of rice.  Staff is friendly and attentive.  Usually in and out in 20-25 min.  Very nice atmosphere.
5	Awesome Service.AMAZING Tempora Vegetable Roll.
2	I can't favorably review any sushi place that feels the need to add filler to spicy tuna. It just screams cheap. Not to mention it kills quite a few options for the gluten free crowd. Shame. The decor was nice,  nicer than I'd expect from a place in a strip mall.  And the wait staff was friendly. Also didn't care for them talking me out of ordering rolls with brown rice. Prefer to eat healthier whenever possible. If your sushi chefs aren't skilled enough to roll with it,  don't offer it on the menu. Also,  if I mention I have a wheat allergy,  and I order quite a few things that have wheat to whatever degree in it  alert me before you make my order,  not after and point out I can't eat 90% of what you bring out. I purposely ordered a couple things so my date could enjoy more,  but things I've been ordering for years many other places without issue contained wheat (crunch most likely) here. Again  just seems like they're trying to go on the cheap.
5	I can't believe that this place is "under the radar" as it is.  A true hidden gem.Among the best Asian food I've ever had, and at a great price to boot.  The pineapple chicken is amazing!Also, they stay true to their name.  Their wild rice is real, tasty, purple wild rice.Their menu has traditional dishes, fusion, hibachi and sushi, so there are lots of bases to cover.  I haven't had their hibachi or sushi yet, so I can't vouch for that, but honestly, their other stuff is so good that this place gets five stars no matter what.
2	I'm normally all about going to privately owned restaurants than chains. So i figured I would give this place a try and it did nothing for me.I ordered the Thai Iced tea (which was weirdly served with whipped cream) and was WAY too sweet. When I asked the server if it could be fixed, she just told me to add water to it. Moving past that, I ordered the veg Tempura but the tempura batter was plain and not flavorful at all. The soy sauce served for dipping at the time added no flavor to it. I ordered the Spicy Thai Basil vegetables and asked if I could add tofu to it. I was told there was tofu in it already. When I received it, there was no tofu in it and the  dish was not spicy and also lacked flavor. It wasn't bland per say but it just felt like a meal that wasn't worth going out to a restaurant for. So overall, I wasn't impressed. Maybe I was just unlucky and ordered the few things on their menu that weren't good. On the other hand, the decor is really nice which was a nice surprise. The ambiance is impressive and the presentation of their food is quite impressive as well.
5	It's a lovely restaurant. Everything is well prepared. Sauces are delicate and flavorful.  Veggies are fresh and crispy. Meet is tender. Sushi is well done and yummy. I get their bento box for lunch. It's a perfect amount of food and everything is tasty.
3	The service was very friendly and our hibachi chef was very personable and put on a good show. The food while generously portioned lacked a little in seasonings and flavor that would of bumped this review up a star. Unfortunately we won't be returning, since we like a couple other hibachi places better.
2	I have eaten here twice, and both times had the same experience. I doubt if I will be here again. The the decor is very nice but the food is only average at best.
