4	Emporium is a little gem nestled in the countryside. I just attended High Tea at Emporium and it was outstanding.  They serve tea in fine china cups and the pastries, sandwiches and scones are served on a three tiered stand.  The food was delicious plentiful.  We could not finish it all.  It really felt like High Tea, very refined.  Part of Emporium is also a store with jewelry and clothing, so after High Tea we shopped as well.So, if you're ever out near New Dundee, it's worth checking out.
2	Several recommendations brought me to the Emporium and I have to say I was disappointed. I really liked the decor and general ambiance of the building. The server was attentive and professional and I think it's pretty cool that they serve high tea. I'm a sucker for little bits of English tradition. I didn't have high tea, instead I came in for lunch. The menu seems to have a decent selection of normal fare, with what I would describe as higher than expected prices for what is offered in the end. I chose the bison burger ($14) over the lamb and beef options as it was advertised as being locally sourced. I was hoping for something good, which might have set my expectations unusually high. The burger was a thawed patty, flat in flavour as well as make. To be honest, the entire plate was boring. The condiments were served in bizarre little plastic tubs, the same ones you might get soya sauce in from to-go sushi stands. For a sit down establishment, that was a little strange. In the end, this is a great locations that I'm sure does many thins quite well, but needs some revision, more effort and more creativity with their menus. Rural Ontario need not be the land of the bland sand...wich. I'm so sorry for that last bit.
1	This was a very disappointing restaurant. The decor of the restaurant just looked like someone stuck a bunch of their old junk on the wall. In the other rooms of the building was a small shop for frozen meals, cheeses, bagged teas and eye glasses and also a clothing shop so it was a little confused. We both ordered the quiche which was awful. The pastry and vegetables were mushy, and it had a huge glob of inedible cheese on top. The side salad was fine. I ordered earl gray tea and was given the cheapest tea bag. We had originally come for high tea but glad we didn't choose this. What's the point of high tea if you don't have loose leaf tea ? The owner commented that there is no demand for loose leaf which is why they don't have it. Worst of all, this place was extremely overpriced. The building is over a hundred years old which seems to be the average age of their clientele. I will not be returning.
