4	We have grown to love Love's when we're on the road. Their amenities supersede any average gas station. Granted, they're not better than Dateland because there's no pet stalls with misters outside, but for humans, they have it all.
4	Nothing special beyond the expectations of a truck stop with the exception of the racing fuel they carry
3	Easy access from the freeway, plenty of pumps so you can always get right on one..
4	Of all the Love's truck stops I stopped at ... this was by far the nicest and had the friendliest people on staff.I only got gas for my 26' truck - so can't comment on any of their additional amenities - except their bathroom was very clean and well maintained.  The cashier who assisted me was friendly and very knowledgeable.  That's when I found out that I was paying a higher price for gas because I was gassing up at the TRUCK bays ... and that diesel was cheaper out front.  I didn't know that ... I had been paying a ROAD TAX all the way to this point.It was easy access just off the I-10 in Chandler, AZ ... just south of Phoenix.
4	Started going there since now I live out of town and it's on my way to work. The gas for my car is cheaper. I like that it comes out so fast that you don't have to waste your time waiting forever to pump. The only draw back is that the fumes will make you pass out. There is no cup at the end of the nozzles so you will smell the strong ordor. I haven't tried the convenience store yet so can't comment on that.
4	Doesn't have the most amenities or best dining options, but love's definitely seems to care more about drivers than any other truck stop/travel center around.  Free showers and coffee(others have stopped) with fuel purchases and the best rewards program in general.  I try to spend my money here, if at all possible, rather than any other big truck stop.  Keep looking out for drivers, love's, it's very much appreciated.This particular Love's happens to be ideally located within walking distance of a decent casino, several restaurants and an outlet shopping center.  My sole criticism of this particular love's would be the restaurant inside... Arby's, you get no love from this driver.
