4	The fact that the Kenilworth is a listed building bodes well for any initial impression of the place. True to its architectural value the interior is appealing with its oblong central bar, grand ceilings and hanging chandeliers. Putting its fancy interior aside, the Kenilworth is actually a damn good place to grab a pint. One snowy day a few months ago I settled in to the Kenilworth for the afternoon, determined to try at least 4-5 of their beers on tap. Sampling the Otter Ale, a Thornbridge Jaipur IPA and....the rest I can't remember, but it was all fine stuff.There's a wide selection of watering holes on Rose St, so for a sure bet for your pub crawl, head here to lay the foundation with some good beers.
4	I can't for the life of me work out why I've never been in here before last Friday night. Possibly due to Rose Street's stag & hen reputation. Either way having been in the once I'll be in again. The interior's in great condition, there are a number of real ales on sale and generally it's an unpretentious pub with it seems a hardcore of older gentlemen regulars. Not sure if their prices match the Edinburgh norm but happy to revisit and apply and edit to this review if needs be.
3	This is very old fashioned stylee pub. It has tradiional features, stained glass windows and a good solid wood bar. When we headed in it was very busy and only a few of us managed to get seats. We were only popping in as one of my friends used to work here many years ago. So this was our first pub to start our Rose Street pub crawl for the hen party I was on. There was no music and the girls were looking for somewhere with a bit more of a musical atmosphere. A nice pub with lots of history. I didn't get to see much though as it was mighty heavin'.
4	A fine example of a Scottish pub in Edinburgh. Friendly staff, superb selection of ales and lagers and decent bar food. I ended up going here twice during the few days I was in Edinburgh. It was here that I found my new favorite ale called Tennents which is Scottish evidently. Very smooth, drinkable and addictive. Probably the single biggest thing I miss since leaving Edinburgh.
4	Definitely the nicest interior of any of the pubs I visited in E-burgh or Glasgow. Built in the early 1900s, the guidebook since it is largely unchanged except for a "sympathetic restoration"  in the 1980s. It is named after a Sir Walter Scott novel.  I love the high ceilings, stained glass windows, chandeliers and ceramic tile walls.  https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=149002808491826&set=a.149002575158516.30391.145204095538364&type=1&theaterSince I was only here for a beer, I can't comment on the menu, but it is managed by the Nicholson chain which offers good food at other locations.
5	Made it to Edinburgh again and made a beeline for the Kenilworth. Love this pub. Love the perfectly poured Tennents drafts. Always a good choice.
