5	One word......YUMMY!!!!Love the whole look and feel of this place. You must try the Titanic Roll. It is to die for. Cant wait to go back.
4	This is a great place to enjoy some sushi or a have a few drinks without having to endure the plasticity or prices of the 'Dale. It's refreshing to discover that everyone there is very friendly, upbeat and polite. The dining areas have very cool elevation changes and lots of glass surrounding the seating-- it has a really cool feel. There is a full bar where you can sit and watch  one of the widescreens with a Kirin draft- and of course the sushi bar itsself, looking all sleek and enticing.The food is fantastic- the Rainbow / Vegas Roll's somehow whip anything I've had in Tempe or Scottsdale. Possibly a personal preference, but very good, nontheless.Overall, Saketini should be an old favorite- by this time next month. Comfortable, cool, and reasonably priced-- with awesome drink specials and a friendly staff. I'm sooo there.
5	Tuesday night happy hour till 2am is what keeps bringing me back. $2 wells, small sakes, and draft and bottled beer (including Corona and Blue Moon).  The happy hour menu is pretty substantial, consisting of various sushi rolls, nigiri, and appetizers such as tuna tataki and Hawaiian poke salad.  The Hamachi kama here is also pretty delicious and the large "Korean" menu always presents me with something new worth trying.  Hell, I think they're one of the very few places in Phoenix that serves okonomiyaki and ochazuke.  The staff are all very friendly and you can not only sit at the bar or a table, but some lounge chair area dealio near the entrance.  Pretty sweet.  Also, they have any major sports events on the big flatscreen lcds at the bar.  All in all, an uber sweet weekly hangout with great food and even better drink specials.*edit* The addition of an inexpensive private karaoke room further enforces the five star rating
4	Happy hour is the best time to go here.  Ohh the Squid salad is top notch.  Happy hour is 5-6:30PM and all day on Tuesday or all night, I forgot.  I'm going to happy hour in less than 15 minutes.  Also they don't consider Fat Tire a domestic beer when in fact it is made in CO, that's why I didn't give then 5/5 stars.
1	The fish was mediocre at best. For Nigiri, we ordered salmon, albacore, and fresh water eel. First, they gave us fatty tuna (best guess) instead of albacore. After we complained, they brought the albacore. The eel was quite bland. The salmon bordered on inedible. The rolls were competent, but nothing spectacular. The vegas roll was good, but the rainbow roll was flavorless. the squid salad was by far the best thing we had here; in fact, the only thing I would say that was actually good!the worst things were a tie; our waitress was terrible. there was only one other party in the entire restaurant while we were there, and the waitress was still completely inattentive.The other half of the tie was the edamame. Someone else got to ours first; a member of my party found a maggot in her edamame! This is where the wait staff fell apart. They didn't even apologize, and didn't take it away. I had to get up and carry the edamame dishes up to the sushi bar so they wouldn't be sitting on our table! They took the edamame off the bill, but that was it.we should have left right then, but I had heard such good things about this place, I really wanted to try the fish. what a waste of time. Needless to say, I will never again be patronizing this joint.
4	When we came here, the place had just opened for business. Drinks were surprisingly cheap and the food was okay. Even though it took almost half an hour to get everyone's food, I felt bad for the three waiters/waitresses since we took over half the restaurant with our large group. They were very accommodating in letting us use the lounge area as another seating/dining room. If I'm ever in the area, I wouldn't mind a quick visit back.
4	a very good place if u just wanna chill, the atmosphere has a calm and relaxing mood to it.  the food is good, though the wait is a little long, but its well worth it.  the bar area is cheap, and the workers are very friendly and easy to talk with.  highly recommend everyone to try it.  also a very good place for lunch and its awesome that the place is open till 2 everyday and the sushi bar is also open till than.  So for those of you who crave for some sushi at 1 am Sake Tini is the spot to go.
5	Tuesdays are all night happy hours (when one ends, the reverse begins), and Mondays and Thursdays after 6:30 they have a collection of 1/2 off rolls.Can't speak too much for the drink specials because I always get their signature saketini, which is made with absolut and some green tea liqeuor. I highly recommend this drink because it's smooth, slightly sweet, and has that nice green tea flavor I just love.We're pretty boring when it comes to rolls--got the crispy california, the shrimp tempura and the firecracker, which was a jumbo jalepeno popper with spicy crab in it. Oh man, it was all glorious. I've had the spicy tuna there also, and the dragon. It's all good to me.They always have some crazy creation on the sushi board and the staff is always friendly. You're better off sitting at the bar--we go for games--as it seems the servers are more attentive there (or at least they're always back there doing stuff).Try it, and keep a business alive.
4	I've only been coming here for a few months, but I've loved it so far. The sushi is great and has such a pretty appearance when delivered, and the custom sushi rolls are always amazing! My favorite will always be the "Sea Monster".The only problem I've had with this place is the choice of "ambiance music" they play, which is less-than-savory hip hop, and they tend to play it loud. That being said, however, the servers are always nice about turning it down. I'll definitely be coming here for a while.
5	This is what Yelp is for, as I can now fully express my absolute passion for this place.Now I have been around the block a few times when it comes to sushi and this place is my one of my favorites. The octopus is fresh and cold, the sake is nice and hot and the trance music is sometimes LOUD and somewhat obnoxious. When I think of my fish place, I like to have all three. Events like naked sushi have been known to happen there and in my book that gives a place a character. I might just have to tell someone about it. So here goes: Now I have to start somewhere so I will start by giving mad props to the sushi chefs. After all that is what you go there for right? (Maybe naked sushi) These guys get fresh fish in the desert and they make it look GOOD( and keep it smelling good too). The squid looks like it was pulled out of the ocean mint accent and decoration included. The detail of the appearance is a big deal to me when I think raw fish. Now we shan't forget we are in Mesa but this is darn good.Mostly I sit at the sushi bar and the guys have always been top shelf. They occasionally give you stuff to try, and if they see you on a date they made slide you some fruit with whipped cream on it. I feel like I am really taken care of every time I go there. I have never had a bad meal or a bad experience.  Their drink menu is pretty sweet too if you are into mixed booze. Try the signature drink a "Sakitini" :0I have been here plenty and the service is always swift, sweet and sorta shy. This place is my friend and I's solace at 1am in a Tuesday night for a late night sushi run. For me,  as good as it gets so close to my house and a little better:)
4	I have been here once and I am planning on returning. I hit the place during the lunch hour and from outside, they looked closed. Thank goodness I investigated and found out they were open at 11:30 during the week. Warning! I am not a professed sushi genius, I have had mostly inland sushi experiences! With that said, this place was delicious. The fish was tasty and tastefully presented. There were some unique combos on the maki (rolls) menu and the service was perfect.
4	The absolute best thing about this place is I can go here after work because they are open till 2AM. They are big fans of putting lots of sauce on your rolls. so if you order any rolls with sauces expect a lot more than usual. The rolls here are wrapped smaller and tighter than most but the rolls are much longer. I enjoy this place but really only go here during the late night happy hour. because the specialty rolls are about 17-24 bucks and i would much rather pay a third of the cost. the only thing I don't really like is the high price and the slow waitress. I cant really say anything bad about the food.
4	Went here for dinner Saturday night, the first night my BFF was in town! Our plan was to drive here, drink a LOT, then walk back to my place which is close. Didn't exactly work out that way, when our drinks were $8 a piece.Started our with Gyoza and I had the Peach something drink (FABULOUS!) and my friend had the Snow Over Tokyo (a little too strong for our taste).  The Gyoza was very good, nice and crispy an good flavor.We went a little overboard on the sushi rolls. Spicy Tuna, Las Vegas, Double Shrimp, Rainbow, and I can't remember the last one. All were very good, but I've decided the LV is not for me...I don't like my sushi warm. Loved the Spicy Tuna and the fish on the Rainbow were all very fresh and delicious. Took quite a bit home, the rolls were very good sized.Service was EXCELLENT! My water stayed filled the whole time, which is great with the spicy stuff. Very attentive.Would return for sure, but it will have to make it during happy hour. Prices were a little high for what I usually would do.Oh, and their front door is really cool! It's kinda on a swivel, so it opens in the middle. Neat! Very cool, hip feeling in this place.
2	Meh.The sushi was really uneven:  The spicy salmon was good, but anything with avocado in it was bad.  Way too ripe.  None of the sushi really stood out.  Nothing seemed really fresh, everything was mushy.  Service was slow and there was hardly anybody there.For a cheap sushi place it would have been fine, but it was pretty average.
4	Love the sushi here.The place is so-so.The sushi has blown my mind every time I have come here.  So far I've only tried things off of their happy hour menus, but I'm sure everything else is great too!  I loved the miso soup, and I don't even like miso soup!Seems like they don't give you enough edimame though.  The Vegas rolls aren't as good as Ra's, but they're the second best I've had, and I try Vegas rolls at EVERY sushi place I go to.GREAT happy hour prices.They have a smoking patio which I love, but they always have the music up way too loud.  This place is never busy it seems like.  It's in a run down neighborhood.  If this place were in Scottsdale, it would be packed.For as slow as the business is, seems like the service is always kind of slow too, but we usually do sit out on the patio, so maybe they forget about us?  I do love how late they are open though, one of the only places around that are open so late.Point being is that this place has the best sushi I've found in Mesa SO FAR.  Ra is a "hipper" place to go, but the food here is way better.  Asia on Stapley and Baseline is second best.  I'm always trying out sushi joints, so I'll update as it goes....Great Albacore!  Try it!  Must have!No website though?
4	Ive been meaning to come here and finally made it out Friday night with Daniel!  I consider him the sushi expert, and was finally ready to see what all the hype was about.We came in Friday night and the place was dead.  I mean not a soul but one guy sitting in the corner.  Where was everyone?  We sat down and the server came right over and gave us our menus and took our drink orders.  They seem to have a decent drink menu here and we both ordered chocotinis.  The drinks came out and they were tasty!  YUM!!  Anyways, we ended up ordering some food, and whatever we did end up eating was delicous!  (Daniel the expert did the ordering knowing that I am new to this.  We did a few different things and they were delicious.)Place is cute and well decorated.  Being a novice to this, I was happy with the taste and display of the food that we ate.  I really had a good time here.  As the night went on, we did end up seeing more people come into the resturant,  but that wasn't for a while.Service was great, and overall I had a good experience.  Will return in the future.
5	Went for happy hour this time, and upped my stars to five! Happy hour is, for sure, the time to visit!Another best friend in town, and we hit the place about 5:30 on Friday night (happy hours are 4-6). She got a Saketini which is the signature drink. I had a sip and it was very tasty!We also got two apps: Gyoza and Edamame. Both perfect. For our sushi, we went with: Spicy Tuna, Avocado, a Salmon, and a Crunch Roll. All were very good. Plenty of food for the two of us to come out full!Service once again was stellar. Water stayed full and our waitress answered my questions well about just what makes the Spicy Tuna spicy!Total bill was just over $28 with tip. Love it!
5	Where else are you going to get sushi at 1am, and good sushi for that matter?  Wonderful food, staff, atmosphere, everything! With lots of variety in both the food and drink selection I love this place and visit frequently.
2	Nothing sticks out about Saketini that makes it great, so I'm not sure why the average rating is so high.My friend and I got there on a Monday night around 5:45. The place was dark and practically empty. I started getting panicky that we would not get our orders in before happy hour ended at 6. The server came and brought us water at 5:50 and then didn't come back until right before 6. We made happy hour, but barely. I don't know why the server was taking her time - there was one other table so it's not like it was busy. Hate when people make me nervous.Anyway, to the rolls. They have a huge list of specialty rolls, but 95 percent of them are deep-fried, baked, stuffed with cheap imitation crab or cali rolls. Only a few had fresh fish in them. So far, not impressed. We ordered the spicy salmon and tuna, which were big, chunky and quite spicy. I was happy with these. I ordered a Dbacks specialty roll which was tasty but not amazing. My friend and I shared the Mermaid, which was half price after 6:30, and that was OK. Again, nothing to write home about. Specialty rolls range from $8-12, but they're stuffed with the cheap stuff, so I don't know if they're worth it.In the end, we had 5 rolls, no drinks and the bill came out to $35, which, if the quality was superb, I would not have had a problem with. I don't think I'd go back, it just wasn't worth it.
3	I used to love this place.   Not so much anymore.They got rid of their smoking patio.They changed their head chef awhile ago.  Not a big fan of the new ways of making the rolls and sushi.They still have a GREAT happy hour as far as the food prices go, but the food has gone downhill. Crunchy California roll is still good.They don't sear the Albacore anymore.They have a website now, but nothing too great.The one upside was that the two servers that were working last night were great.  Really fast and on top of things.
3	Pretty good good.I had the volcano roll, which is baked. Came out pretty quickly for a baked dish.It was a bit too "fishy" to my taste and lacked seasoning.But the service was great.Friendly courteous waitress and chillaxed environment that won't blow your eardrums out.Bit on the pricy side.
4	cute little spot that is really close to my place. the decor is very modern...its has an odd mix of sports bar/sushi bar. service was great. the sushi was legit. my roomie and i shared the alaskan, insanity, and little mermaid rolls. the alaskan and little mermaid rolls were very good. the insanity had a little too much immitation crab meat...there was crab within the roll and crab meat sitting on top of the roll. the agedashi tofu was also very good for an appetizer. apparently HH is the time to come here according to previous reviews so i'll definitely have to come back and check that out.
5	My new favorite sushi place. From the pics it looks like you get only a few pieces for each roll, but in reality you get about 8 pieces per roll. This is the most per roll anywhere. The sushi chef is funny also.
5	I love this place, and their happy hour is great. The staff is really friendly too. I used to be a regular before moving far away and the staff would place my "usual order" right after walking in the door, so I didn't have to wait for my sushi. I wish I lived closer so I could go all the time!
5	Possibly some of the best sushi I've ever had.  Go on a Sunday afternoon and sit at the bar.  The Sushi chef gave us free rolls and drinks.  If he asks if you like spicy, and you say yes, expect really really spicy.  Great place.  I will definitely return.
4	YAY for another good find!!! Saketini has great service, wonderful chill atmosphere and a large food/drink menu. They have seating at the sushi bar, seating at the regular bar and then also table seating. They have daily deals..yesterday (Monday) was 1/2 off sake bombers..can i get a WHOOP WHOOP?!?They have an extensive sushi menu with both cooked and raw sushi.  We tried the Firecracker and they even let us add avocado into it. It was baked to perfection and we absolutely loved them. If you're not a huge raw sushi fan there are multiple options that consist of cooked sushi and whoever is serving you will be more than happy to suggest what you might like best. They also have a full non-sushi menu as well.  Shrimp tempura and edamame were delicious as well.Four rounds of sake and three plates all for $37 duckets!Check Saketini out !. Good food, service and atmosphere. You will find a deal that will work with you.. happy hour or reverse happy hour ,you 're bound to find something that will fill your belly with deliciousness and a drink that will warm ya up!
4	Pretty good sushi bar, we got here around 9:00 p.m. on a Sunday and the place was empty by the time we headed out the place had filled up pretty good. We ordered some nigiri maguro, salmon, yellowtail, and a signature roll. All the sushi was good as was the service. Saketini's atmosphere is pretty casual and laid back, TV's had baseball games on.Overall, I would go back to Saketini next time I'm in Mesa, AZ and am looking for Sushi.
3	Saketini has many fond memories for me; I have been coming in as a regular now for almost four years and will continue to keep coming back despite the fact that it has steadily declined since I started going. So what works at Saketini? Well, their happy hour menu is to die for. They have half-price sushi and rotating drink special EVERY night. They also have reverse happy hour Mon-Thurs, which is fantastic. Their menu is extensive and has a picture book companion, which works out really well when I bring friends who don't partake in sushi often. I will say that I only partake in the veggie sushi and mock crab, but even with this limitation I always have enough to eat and they are very good about making certain rolls veggie for me. My favorite roll is the Fire Roll, which is mock crab, avocado and sour cream that is fried and then doused with spicy mayo. Again, it used to be better when I first started coming, but it's still worth the half-price. Now what doesn't work? I would not pay full price for any of the items I get, except maybe the Fire Roll. I almost exclusively only go during Happy Hour or Reverse Happy Hour. The service is usually terrible unless it is super slow; they are almost always understaffed. My group was seated on the little "banquet room" once and the music was horrendously loud. We asked at least ten times to have it turned down before they did so. TEN. TIMES. Not in a rush? Okay with mediocre service? Want cheap sushi/drinks but only at a certain time? Then Saketini is the place for you.
5	Half price on some rolls and $4 martinis after 6 pm. Very fresh and creative rolls. Hawaiian and Red Dragon rolls were incredible. All you can ask for without all the high cost.  Wood sushi bar could use a good scrubbing, but still a 5 star rating due to the Value.
2	Overly expensive for what they offer.. unless you go during happy hour its not worth it.
4	Gotta love a place that has 2 happy hours... even if their happy hour menu is a bit limited.  I bet this would be a great place to drink. Unfortunately, I was pregnant when I discovered it and now, I have a newborn so I'm still not drinking. hahaThat said, the sushi and udon are pretty tasty and I love that they're open late-night.  Everyone that I've taken has liked it and I think it would be a good date night spot, as well.  See ya there!
5	The firecracker sushi is absolutely delicious! They have amazing service! Great deals during happy hour. Love the fact that they close late. My husband and I one day just happened to be sitting at the bar when the food inspector was checking temperatures in the refrigerators and everything was perfect! :)
1	Disappointing to say the least....This is my 4th time here and I wouldn;t have gone here so many times if it wasn't the proximity to MCC. Each and everytime I have been rather dissapointed with teh level of service which has been slow and blase at the best of times. This time around I had to wait 20 miniutes at teh sushi bar (after my order) before teh chef showed up. By then I had lost interest in suchi and Saketini as a whole. I would understand if this place was crowded but there were only 2 other groups and that too none of them were at the bar.Note to self: Never venture here again
3	The menu selection is excellent.  The server asked us where we wanted to sit, but sat us somewhere completely different and she was really slow in getting us our check.  But the food was great.
4	My next favorite Sushi bar in the valley. Service can be slow, but the Sushi chefs are always very attentive and friendly.
5	One of the best sushi places in az. In terms of environment and food quality this place has it all
1	The sushi was just okay.  I couldn't get past how filthy the place was.  We sat at the bar, and it was such a mess. Not sure how they pass health code.
4	Tonight was my first time having sushi in a couple of years, and WOW was this place worth a try! I had "Fire" which I would definitely recommend. Price isn't too expensive and if you go with plenty of friends, Saketini makes for a great place to enjoy happy hour...or reverse happy hour...or half off sushi...ahhh so many great deals!
5	I've only been here once, but as far as that experience goes..it was amazing. We got the Rattlesnake, Little mermaid, Cinderella, & edamame. Everything was so so good. Especially for going in with zero expectations..(good sushi in az is just too hard to find) So many creative rolls, an extensive menu and the server was patient and sweet, even though we had a table of 12 + 2 Rowdy kids. $1 well drinks and $2.50 beers. The place plays music, but not too loudly. Food is so much better than RA. Can't wait to go back again.
3	I went here a few weeks ago and ended up only getting one drink because they were out of all of the alcohols required to make a manhattan (which is what the BF wanted). I had their saketini and it was very weird and tasted a lot like seaweed. Not my fave. Their menu didn't have a lot of vegetarian items, so we passed and went somewhere else. I don't think I would come back here again for drinks, but I may try their food sometime.
2	Very mixed feelings here....the sushi is great....VERY tasty. The red dragon roll was soooooooooo good. In fact, all the rolls were very flavorful. The nigiri was ok.....I think it's more about the maki then anything at this place. (the other food was kind of mediocre.....the teriyaki is bleh, and the (tuna, was it?) cheek was overcooked and not seasoned)However......I'm giving two stars because service. is. horrible.There were probably about 50 people there last night (when we were leaving, they said it was weird for it to be that busy on a Thursday, normally Monday's are bad....go figure) Anyways, with 50 people there, there were only two servers. (they said one got sick and didn't show.....but, apparently their phone must not have been working either, because they failed to call someone else to come in) So, right from the get go, service was slow. It took a good 10 minutes before anyone attended us after being seated.  A weird thing was, we told the Maitre'D (who was also the other server) that we would possibly be 4, but the others were late. She insited we sit at a small two seater table until we were sure they were coming, to keep the big tables open for groups (wait a sec.....I just realized they said it's 'weird to be this busy on a Thursday'......huh. strange.) Anyways, our friends did end up coming and we had to move tables in the middle of our meal. The happy hour is....not the best, anyways. My husband ordered a wells, after another 10 or so mins of waiting, he asked about his drink, which the server said they were out of, then realized they WEREN'T out, and 20 minutes later finally brought the drink..... The thing about the sushi on the happy hour menu is that, for 4.50 you get 4 pieces. My friend had to order two because one wasn't enough. So, she ended up paying full price anyways. As for the restaurant itself....it's caught between two worlds. I'm not sure if it's more restaurant, or more club. In either case, it needs a face lift. It feels like an old cruiseship.....(brown and orange aren't the most inviting colors).....The people that were there were pretty much all under 25 and loud and rambunctious....It was about 10:30 at night, but...I didn't think this was a club....... I think I'll bookmark this place as one to come to when everything else is closed (they're open till 2am) and I get that midnight sushi craving, otherwise; Thank you, but I'll pass......
3	The sushi was great, fresh, with a healthy portion of fish on each piece.  The wait staff was inexperienced, but yet eager. Music was a little too loud for my taste...makes it hard to carry on a conversation without raising your voice.  The Uni was exceptional.
4	I love that this place has top seafood plates and choices. The services is hit and miss but once i went in with three friends and we sat at the sushi bar and they saw we weren't getting service they grabbed our order right away. Happy hour is good and drinks aren't expensive anyhow so drinkers celebrate! Cherry roll (i do it without sauce), octopus, anything with their eels, i love the quality of salmon as well. The best part is that FOOD IS SERVED TILL 2AM!!
3	Came back here recently, about 9 months since my last trip.  Disappointed, I must say.  Quality has gone downhill, it seems.  Fish not as fresh as last visit, and rolls have taken on a more is less approach.  That is, pile on more goop but give 'em less fish.  The sauces are overwhelming, sticky and sweet.  I don't remember this the last visit.  The sauces should complement the fish, not drown it.
3	We mainly come here for karaoke but the sushi I've had is not that badThe karaoke is average the machine could be a bit better and they placed it weirdly outside the room so you have to point it awkwardly till the number spits out. They also seem to charge a $20 flat rate with an added 18% gratuity no matter what.We got the cherry blossom roll (they mistakenly label it as maki) packed with tuna and salmon. Was quite crudely made but I'm willing to let it slide as we ordered at 1:29 am and they still made it for us even though it was cutting it close.The fish quality could be better but I'm giving it a pass because it is Arizona (far from the sea, less seafood consumption)Quite pricey though 12.99 for a semi-decent productWill definitely keep location in mind where I move in the future in accordance to seafood.... Arizona is not it
4	I eat here too much! They have great drink specials and the happy hour foodies are yummy! The rolls are the best I have had so far in the Valley, I don't get out much:) The service is so-so but over all a great place!
3	This place has decent sushi, nothing to drive far for but their happy hour is great and for some reason I love there chicken wings.
3	"Worst service everrr.  I don't recommend this fake sushi bar to anyone... " is what i thought when i went there and they double booked the karaoke room.. i am still sore about that, because they did not offer all 25 of us any compensation at all. I have been there a couple times since, and i have not had a problem.
1	Very poor service, we had to practically beg to get things. Employees seemed more interested in talking to each other vs. taking care of their tables.Sushi wasn't great and had way too much sauce on everything.
4	Great Karaoke place and happy hour menu!
4	Their rolls are super inventive....and they stay open later than most Sushi Places in the Valley (2am).  Their Happy Hour is insane! Ex: 99 cent beers on Tuesday!I've never had a disappointing meal here, and I am pretty hard to please when it comes to sushi.Recommendations:Signature RollSquid SaladYellowtail CollarboneDrinks, Drinks...drinks.They have a little karaoke room, and full bar you can make use of as well.1 Thing: When it's busy, be prepared to order everything at once...or you will be waiting.
3	The service left me feeling a little lacking, especially since there were less than a dozen people in the whole place but besides that, I had a wonderful time. Reasonably priced and good quality food, but I would stay away from the Hello Kitty drink again...not too pleasing.
4	Firstly, the sushi here is ALWAYS yummy and fresh. Having frequented the resaurant multiple times, I'm always impressed with the food quality in correlation to the price. Sure, some specialty rolls are a little pricey but that is any sushi joint. The happy hour prices are unbelievable, both for the food and drinks (sake bombers!). The first few times here, the service was pretty shaky usually because of being understaffed. Recently, though, the service has been just as stellar as the sushi rolls. It is a bummer they don't have low sodium soy sauce, but that is only a small qualm. Definitely worth a try, if you haven't yet!
5	Great sushi!  It's fresh and tastes delicious!  I normally frequent RA Sushi but I could no longer deal with the over packed, over priced food and drinks.  Now the outside of the establishment will fool you; it could use a nice clean up.  The inside is clean, nicely decorated, and quite inviting.  We went for happy hour ($2) wells-can't beat it.  The sushi had pictures (I need pictures) it was reasonably priced for regular price but many was on happy hour!  I always get the "Viva Las Vegas Rolls" at RA Sushi and decided to give it a try here...SUPERB! I received more of the roll and cost much less.  I also tried the spicy tuna which was excellent as well.  All I can say is they have a new fan...I will be back again and again.  The service was really good as well.  I never had to request refills or ask twice for anything.
5	To me, this is my favorite sushi spot and has been since I moved up to the Tempe area back in 2009. The Chefs are really friendly and service is great for the most part. Now, I only really get sashimi so if you really like sashimi, this place has- according to me- has some of the better tasting ones I have had around here. It's a great atmosphere and i'm probably bias because of my history here. Happy hour and reverse happy hour are great so if you haven't tried this place at least try it at those times! Try the albacore and salmon, delicious!
5	Uhmm YUM!Love the sushi here...Staff is always friendly and always check on you. I fell in love with the Fire roll! Cant go wrong when it's happy hour :)Obsessed with the mermaid rolls..delicious but I'm always a huge fan when it comes to anything deep fried.
1	I do no know how this place is busy. When you first enter the restaurant, you would smell the fishy place. It is a rule of thumb, never eat in a smelly place especial raw items. My friend insisted on me to try their sushi, so i ordered a dragon roll which is my favorite roll. The roll came to me with some mushed elk and salmon on top, literally it was gross. i grabbed a bite to taste, because i was curious about it. I don't know if the chef knows what he is doing or just throwing bunch of stuff in a roll. I hate to be critical but when i complained to the server who was extremely nice and told me the manger can't do nothing about it and we have to charge you. I was completely shocked and thanked her for the service but i would never ever come to such place.
3	This place is cool. The atmosphere is fun and contemporary and feels great. There is no patio for smokers or those who want to eat outside.    On a great note the sushi rolls are very creative and by far the coolest selection I've seen. Also, they are made well and taste great.    On a downside the restaurant is a little expensive, but I've never been able to come in during their happy hour. Also, the service is bad. I can never really get a straight answer about things on the menu and I never feel like the waitresses care about my being there and helping pay their salary.    Other than the spotty service and the high prices this place is fun and would be a good "date night" for many couples.
4	I'm a late-night person, and I love that this place is open until 2am everynight.  It's nice to not have to worry about rushing to get somewhere before they close.  Not to mention that fact that I'm cheap and will only go to sushi bars when it's happy hour and they have reverse happy hour.The prices are just right, sushi is fresh and delicious.  The service is okay.  I've only been here on weeknights when the place is pretty much empty but service was still slow although friendly.I like the modern decor but it's not the most comfortable seating.  There are plenty of televisions at the bar for sports fans.  I just like having somewhere close to my house where i can get sushi late at night that isn't too loud, over-crowded or expensive.
2	My friend and I finished a workout and realized we were hungry and craving sushi.  We were frantically trying to find a place to eat sushi that was open late.  First of all, there aren't that many great sushi places in the Valley, simply because the fish is not fresh like any of the coastal states.  We were still on a mission.Saketini's was open pretty late so we made stop over here.  We got a sashimi platter, albacore with crab roll, and a few other things.  The albacore with crab roll (forgot name) was very delicious.  Some of the sashimi peaces were good, but some were not as great.Overall, we got our fix of sushi at a very late hour.  One thing that drops the rating of the restaurant is we got an automatic 20% tip added on.  We were only a party of two.  I usually leave a pretty good tip, but I do not like it when a restaurant mandates a tip.  A tip is something I feel is up to the customer based on his experience.
5	My absolute favorite sushi joint in the valley!  The albacore is prepared the best and is by far the most tasty!!Their Happy Hour is to die for as well!!If you like sushi and are in Mesa/ Tempe..DEFF give this place a try!!!
3	The food is ok but there are a few good things about this place. We go here all the time.1. It's open late so you can definitely get some great food at night. And there is also a reverse happy hour.2. The waitress allowed a party of 24 to get separate checks. That was really helpful. She made sure she wrote our names down and was a pretty good server.3. There's also a karaoke room. You can reserve it for a group and it's $5 per person4. The decor is pretty nice too and there are TVs that show sports.The main thing about the food is that it's ok but at a high price. Definitely had better at a lower price. And the ramen, don't bother getting it. It tastes like store bought package ramen in spicy watered down soup. I had REAL Japanese Ramen, and the one here doesn't compare.Just make sure you come during regular happy hour for good prices. If you come late at night, there's reverse happy hour which gives you ok prices on a few items.
3	I usually only go to Saketini for the half-off sushi and sometimes reverse happy hour. I have been at least a dozen times now. Unfortunately, there is a trend of sub-par service. The restaurant usually isn't packed, so I'm not sure why it still takes a long time to always get a refill or pay our tab at the end of the meal. One of the servers dropped my sushi on me, but did apologize for it. Nothing was offered beyond that even though some of my food just became inedible. I will probably continue to go here because of its close location and inexpensive sushi. They really should step up their customer service and timeliness.
1	Since this place opens past midnight, we decided to come here to eat. The rolls were delicious; however the service was very poor. The beef ramen we ordered was too dry, and dumplings were not cooked all the way. After having an unsatisfying dinner, we asked  for the check. 18% of the total amount was already included for the tips -which i don't think they deserve according to their service and food-, and there were just two of us! 18 percent. Right. Now I know why the service was very poor, because the server knew that she would get the tips anyway despite the attitude. I would not come to this place again, ever.
5	My hubby and I love this place. We drive down from north phoenix (Dunlap & I-17) for their sushi. We just cannot find a place in PHX that has sushi as good as Saketini. Sushi is always fresh, waitresses are always attentive, and we have NEVER had an extra gratuity added to our bill- and we went there for Valentine's.We recommend the Signature roll. Happy hour and reverse happy hour are great too.
5	I went here last night with my sister, Tina N. (who also reviewed this place) and our friend Heather. Honestly, the place was wonderful. The atmosphere was very laid back and relaxing - no loud music, very good for conversation without needing to shout to be heard. The waitress was prompt and kept on top of our drinks.We were there for the Happy Hour, which is an amazing deal and it is all fresh and absolutely tender and delicious. I recommend the Little Mermaid roll for those who like a little bit of a kick and a crunch, and also the Plum Kiss mixed drink if you want something a little sweet.Overall - very clean, very delicious and is now my go-to place for Sushi in DownTown Mesa.Also, there was no gratuity added to our bill. So I really don't know what the other reviews meant by that.
5	After reading some of the not so stellar reviews, I was a bit apprehensive about eating here. When my party arrived we were promptly sat and drink orders were taken. We then looked over the huge sushi menu. They have pictures of every single roll they have, which makes it so much easier to order. All of the rolls I ordered were simply amazing! I had spicy tuna, might have been one of the best spicy tuna rolls I have ever had. Also had the Vegas roll...holy hell... Once again.. One of the best Vegas rolls I have ever had. The waitress comped one of my adult libations because she could tell I wasn't a fan of the drink and brought me a new one. Overall the service was amazing and so was the sushi. I hope people read this review and know this place is legit.
5	I have been coming here for around two years and I love this place. The service is always great even when it's busy. I usually hit up the Monday night sake bomb special and the cheese katsu is my jam
5	My girlfriend and I have been to this restaurant roughly every other month for the past year and a half.  Every single time I have visited, the food is consistent.  The sushi is excellent (not large portions of fish in the rolls), and are extremely cheap. It seems this place always has some great special going (whether it be reverse happy hour, or a daily special).  The beer on tap is great and the selection is quite extensive for a sushi bar.  Service in the past was not the best, in that you could tell the waitresses had too many tables to handle at once, but this has changed noticeably over the past 6-9 months and service is very good.I recommend this place to anyone who wants some GREAT priced sushi and a laid back atmosphere.
4	My friends went there for some good Sushi and drinks. The atmosphere was nice, maybe they could choose something more fitting in music, noisy hip hop not my idea of Japanese. Our waitress was nice, but seemed bored. When we called prior to going, the girl answering the phone didnt know what time they were open till. It had been really slow that day and they might close early. The Sushi rolls were very good, hence the 4 stars, my friend order a Hello Kitty drink, it was pretty and pink and was really good, and the other drink my other friend had was great. Good happy hour prices, other prices ok. I would return, the sushi has been consistently good every time Ive gone.
5	I convinced my boyfriend to try this place with me after searching for local sushi spots around mesa. he was like "sushi and karaoke? that doesn't sound too good." But we tried it and I was surprised at how clean and modern-looking it was! We've been going for the last six months and every time we have friendly and excellent servers. The sushi is great too--especially when they do their specials! They have sakebomb specials Monday nights I think, and happy hour and reverse happy hour! My favs are the cinderella roll and crunchy cali. always so fresh!
5	I love this place! Great happy hour/reverse happy hours specials. Try the sashimi salad, the dressing is wonderful! Monday night they have a sake bomber special for $5. They are also open until 2am and serve food up 'til !:30am, which is convenient for people who work later in the night.
5	This place was delicious! Service was great, too. I had 2 rolls and both were delectable!We had a total of 4 rolls, 1 large sake bomber, and 2 shots and it came to a bit over 30 dollars. This was during reverse happy hour, but that's still pretty good.Bottom line: I CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK! :D
2	I went to this place the other night with a friend because it was open late. We ordered a sashimi platter to share along with their mermaid, spicy tuna and signature rolls. The sushi was not bad- definitely could have been more fresh but overall good. However when the check came we were not impressed at the 20% gratuity automatically added to our bill. We were a party of TWO, so it did not seem to me necessary or appropriate. Usually gratuity is only tacked on to the bill with a group of 4 or more. So it was almost a bit of a slap in the face as if to say we were not trusted to tip enough. Besides the fact that tips should be based on SERVICE and the amount should be left for the CUSTOMER to decide. As a person who usually tips well, it left a bad taste in my mouth. The food at Sakatini is too mediocre to overshadow their callousness with the gratuity. I will not be returning.
4	This place is cool!  Almost any time of day they have some rolls or apps on special.  3-6 PM is when the most stuff is on happy hour though.  I tried the Jelly Fish roll: had spicy octopus and cucumber with cream cheese inside.  I had to pick the cream cheese out (I find cream cheese in sushi revolting) but otherwise it was great!I also got salmon nigiri and the spicy tuna roll. Overall the fish tasted very fresh to me. But watch out for the spicy tuna! I couldn't eat it all because it was so spicy!I'd definitely come here again. My dining companion and I were full and our total bill was only $20.52!
1	I'm sitting in this restaurant and it's my first time. The service is extremely slow and it gets better. I'm a lover of noodles, etc .I ordered Ramen Noodles with vege and I was disturbed and shocked they served me packaged ramen noodles, you know the kind you make at home.It was pathetic!! The Sushi worker saw my face expression of disgust and we even asked him if it was packaged and he said YES...WOWThe worker took it off my bill and I expressed what happened.I will not return!!!
1	Do not go!!!!!! Please read !!!!!!!Waste of $$$ and Time!!! First- the server seemed nice and helpful but NEVR retuned until the water boy had to go get her! 2nd the food took over 45min 3rd the server dropped the sushi tray on the table and walked away never saying which one was which! Then we where confused what was just left on the table but knew she would never return!4th the order was Messed up on the bill no happy hour prices which she said would be and added random things. 5th when we told the server about the incorrect orders on the bill/$ the host said!!!((((well u eat it)))) we where so mad but new.... I was not about to argue and have to wait another 20 min for a *Manger* to get back! Do not go!!!! 6th ugly nasty/the restrooms look like a cheap gas station smelled and the place was falling apart!!!!!
5	First time here. Was a little concerned upon entry, with their picture book menu, but the sushi is freaking great. Went with a regular spicy maki, and a fire roll. Upon delivery I realized the fire had avocados in it. I'm not allergic, but my stomach HATES them. The waitress sensed my disdain after she witnessed me double checking the menu. She said it would be no problem to replace it, and the chef didn't even seem mad. I'll be back.
2	"No vaporizers please!" just a heads up. So this place and I have a interesting history. One time I was there and they had a power outage. And then the entire staff went outside to try and figure out what the problem was. WITHOUT SAYING ANYTHING TO THE CUSTOMERS. Now I understand this is a pretty extraordinary situation but WHERE IS YOUR PREPAREDNESS? Why didn't anyone teach these people what to do in this situation. I could have just left without paying since no one spoke to me for 20 minutes while I waited for my check in the dark. But I'm not a thief. I waited. Although there had to be some sort of safety regualtion against that actually happening. They should have addressed the customers first, closed tabs, and evacuated, but they seemed to not really give a shiitake about any of the customers. ANOTHER TIME. I waited a full half hour before anyone even asked me if I wanted to order. I was surprised after eating that they weren't going to comp the meal. I mean I would have paid for the drinks, obviously. Anyway they made it a BIT better by taking off 20% from the bill but I was disappointed that was all they were willing to do. I know this may sound like I'm coming off as entitled, but it's just the differences between excellent business and mediocracy. Had they comped 50% or more of the meal, this review might be three.Oh the food is decent, fairly priced for a sushi place if you go in during happy hour or reverse happy hour, but as is expected their portions are really small.
4	Our experience was good for our first time here.  I was a little skeptical about eating here as they have pigeons hanging out near the front door.  (I hate groups of pigeons, their disgusting)...  The service was great. Very prompt with water and drinks.  Took our orders when we were ready.  Good came fast.  The quality of the food was decent.  It's what you expect for normal sushi place.  We sat at a table, but they do have bar seating.   There was plenty of seating inside.  It looks like this place was originally a fancy eatery if some kind.  Can't remember what was originally there? I would go back.  There are a couple different happy hour menus for different times of the day.
1	Absolutely disgusting and ridiculously overpriced! Decided to give this place a shot after some co-workers raved about it--I don't know what they were thinking, it was horrible! The wait staff was nice but the food was revolting! Never had calamari that tasted like deep fried a rubber chew toy, but I guess there's a first time for everything. Needless to say, I wouldn't go back if you paid me. Seriously, don't waste your time with this place!!
3	I come here often since its right in my neighborhood. Low key atmosphere, servers are nice although service can be too slow at times. Decent sushi. I tend to go between the hours of 6-10 so I can get half off on certain menu items. I do have one suggestion.... dont try the calamari. They're more like calamari sticks and not rings. But they weren't tasty at all.
2	The sushi is good but the place itself is gross.  Like sticky gross.  Like "I can't believe I ate raw fish here" gross.Also they ran out of iced tea and half the wine that was listed on their crumpled up, gross, sticky menu.  I know.... who orders wine at a sushi place?  I don't know but for some reason my wife and my friend's wife wanted some, ok?
4	went to eat there last year for my birthday. LOVED the food and the atmosphere was great. My fiance loved the egg rolls.
1	Word to the wise, the last two times I have been to this place, they have added the tip to the check. Now, I understand if there are 8 or more people in a party but there were 2 people once and 3 people the other time. That alone will prevent me from ever going back there.
1	I definitely had a very poor experience with this place. The service was good. I ordered a to go order of a dragon roll and thank goodness I didn't order anything else. I only live 4 blocks from this place and when I got home the sushi had fallen apart it was just thrown together there was wasabi all over the place and eel was very chewy. I know this place has gotten great reviews but I think I'll travel a bit further for my sushi next time. I definitely will not be returning to this location.
1	Let me start by saying, I am very fair when it comes to restaurants. Even if I have a bad meal, I'll come back a second or even a third time. I've also always been one to scoff at scathing Yelp reviews.But my meal was so awful at Saketini, that I created a Yelp account just so I could save someone the same misery that I was so unfortunate to encounter.I came for sushi, but the prices were unjustifiably high for the portions I saw being bused around. So I ordered a bowl of chicken ramen -- one of the only things on the menu under $10 that wasn't an appetizer or sushi roll injected with cream cheese. When the bowl was brought to me, I immediately recognized the dish as top ramen. Had a taste and was immediately reminded of cooking instant noodles with a coffee maker in my moldy college dorm.  I asked the server if my suspicions were correct and she said, "Well yeah, but they added vegetables," as if my question was unreasonable. I told her, as politely as I could, that the food was terrible and charging $8 for top ramen, when I could have bought 50 packs worth for less, is absurd. I don't think she understood my frustration.Sitting alone at the bar, eating this ramen, being drowned in Pharrell's "Get Lucky" wasn't just disappointing, it was depressing. The only thing that would have made it worse would be visiting this establishment on karaoke night.
5	I'm surprised this place isn't busier on the weekdays!!! It's literally happy hour all the time. The food is good and the drink specials are pretty good too. Definitely one of our go-to places when we're on this side of town.
5	Ummmm.... yummy. Happy to find a little bit of korean food here... :9I ordered the korean rice cakes, and sake bomb!! Im so happy they are open late!Service was excellent!! :)
4	I've only visited once, but I had a great experience! The waiter was friendly and the food came out a minute or two after we ordered it. It seems like a great late night spot to grab sushi and drinks. I think the price is a bit much for sushi during normal hours, but I will be back again for their happy hour specials.
2	This food was seriously disgusting. First of all, I had trouble even finding something appetizing to eat on the menu. We ordered two rolls and I almost threw up while I was eating it. It was gross and not fresh. Didn't taste good. We also order green mussels and it came with a mountain of imitation crab on top of a little mussel. I couldn't believe it. Service was alright. She asked us if we wanted ginger and wasabi... At a sushi restaurant... Kind of a weird, gross atmosphere. Not pleasant. It was a totally disappointing sushi dinner. I just know I will never come back here and I definitely would not recommend this place to anyone. The 3 1/2 star rating is misleading. -__-
2	I've been coming here for almost 4 years now and I have watched this place run it self into the ground. I come here for the salmon which is awesome but the service is just plain terrible. The outside of the building is falling apart, the sign doesn't illuminate, and there is graffiti on the walls. Sorry but not sorry saketini, you've lost me as a loyal customer today as I watched my sushi sit on the counter for 10 minutes and never having my drinks refilled.
1	Years later, I dock points for how ghetto it has become and the lack of any kind of management staff on site. Won't be returning.
1	I have visited this place several times in the past. They have a decent happy hour and daily specials. But after my last visit, I will never be back! A couple of friends and I stopped in last night for some late night happy hour sushi and drinks. The service in the past has usually not been the best. However, this time our server, Tony, was actually on point.I ordered my usual Fire Cracker dish and a friend ordered the chicken gizzards. His food was okay but he literally pulled out about half a cup of slivered garlic pieces. WAY TOO MUCH GARLIC!! Mine tasted fine as usual so not too bad there. Our bills were a reasonable price for all we got. So we left fairly happy with our experience. The reason I am giving this place only 1 star is because of the torture I went through after getting home from dinner. I got the worst food poisoning I have ever had to deal with in my life. I had to make a trip to urgent care this morning after being glued to the toilet all night! Thanks a lot Saketini!! I won't forget this experience for quite some time.
5	Original plan was to come in for reverse happy hour but we ended up there at 9pm. So glad, because they have half price sushi on weekdays from 6-10. We ordered 3 rolls from the half price selection and were totally wowed. We both agreed it was the best sushi either of us have ever had. Very fresh and excellent sauce. Service was top notch, very attentive. Our food came very quickly even though they place was so full that we had to sit at the bar. Can't wait to go back for more!
4	Clean, courteous and fresh. Great sushi for Arizona. If you know your sushi then this place is good, not great. A lot of gimmicky sushi and the classics. Small selection of Saki. Large selection of beer. Overall good place. Closest place in Tempe/ Mesa.
3	Went here for a late night sushi craving and ordered tuna,yellowtail and salmon sashimi,  red dragon, WTH, cherry blossom and the rattle snake rolls.  The sashimi was good,  our yellowtail slices where small and thin compared the big thick cuts of salmon and tuna.  All the rolls were very good,  slices could have been sliced a tad bit thinner,   all the cuts were about an inch thick.  Definitely not bit size pieces but it sure didn't fall apart. The food overall I would have to give it a 4 star.  The reason it got demoted to 3 stars is due to the fact that the bill came out with gratuity of $17 on a bill of $95 before tax.  I understand the need for yours automatic gratuity charge and it is usually used for parties of 6 or more...But it was only a party of 2!!!!
5	We love saketini sushi! Its open late, and has a nice atmosphere. The rolls are unique and flavorful.
