5	I'm so grateful I found Elom's!!! A quick search online led me here and when I called to make an appointment I was impressed with the level of professionalism. They asked what service, what time I wanted to come in, let me know that the hair was included, thanked me for calling in and said they looked forward to seeing me for my appointment. When I arrived two very friendly braiders were waiting and we started immediately. As the day went on it seemed like everyone who came in was like family, customers and braiders all greeted each other with warm hugs and smiles. And man are these ladies fast!!! I don't know how they do it!! I was finished in record time and very pleased with the quality of work. When they were done I got a hug and some compliments and there's really no better way to end a day at the shop. Prices are reasonable, the hair is included and they are just an awesome group of ladies! If you are interested in changing up your hair style...I would definitely recommend giving Elom's a call!
5	Oh Elom's!!! This salon is heaven on earth. These women are very talented. Styling is not just what they do. It's artwork and they put their heart and soul in it. I was introduce to Elom's via their commercial on BounceTV. Went to their website and I was sold.  Ms. Lauriane and Ms. Bridgett are awesome. Love them!!!! You will truly enjoy their service. God bless all of the stylists.
4	This place is the best. I found out about it via a fellow Elite here on Yelp who I messaged & inquired about her experience. Her response prompted me to give them a try, I started by taking my teenage daughter. Elom herself was there & once we entered for her appointment we were greeted with smiles & she was immediately taken back to the bowl for her wash. I was taken aback initially because she wasn't finished in the projected 5 hour timeframe provided when my husband & I left. It actually took 7 hours & 30 minutes which is pretty long however after seeing her hair I was impressed as it was sooo neat & professional. Later after research I learned that due to the size of her Sengelese twist & length that this timeframe is common. I decided to go back 3 weeks later to get my hair done however I explained that I am 9 months pregnant & I can not & will not sit that long so I don't want mine that thin. The ladies ensured me that I wouldn't & low & behold I arrived at 7:30am & was walking out the door with my hair complete by 10:45am which was AMAZING. I'm now all set to give birth & not have to worry about my hair after birthing my baby for a little while. Great place, Great service, Great People.
