5	From the moment you walk into Dr. Ackerman's office, you immediately feel like an established patient that has been with their staff for years! The staff is friendly, fun, and very flexible with appointments times-which is great because life can get busy! Dr. Ackerman is an astute practitioner who spends a lot of time with you, and is happy to do so! How he manages to take such time for patients and still see all of his appointments on time, I will never know! This practice is a gem, and the little things they do for their patients go a LONG way. I ripped my last pair of contacts on the day of a black tie event, and called needing a spare pair STAT!  Complicating matters, I was working a 12 hour shift at the time and could not make it during their office hours to pick them up, AND have an unusual prescription not normally readily available! Not a problem for Dr. A's office, they found the type I needed and left me my spare set underneath their office mat to pick up whenever I got off work. Warm little "extras" like these are a trademark of this practice. I have never forgotten their kindness that day, or the way they make me feel every time I am there! They exude a great energy that is just infectious. Great staff, great Doctor, experience.
1	Got ripped off. Glasses cost 800$ broke in one week.could not get my money back. Receptionist rude. They lied to me I took 3 hours off work to see doctor or talk to office manager . Neither were available when they made my appointment. Receptionist asked me to wait another 1 hour to see doctor and 3 hours to talk to office manager when I had an appointment. Took glasses to another place and found out that all that was in the top of the glasses was glass not a prescription that I paid for.
5	5 starts for a Eye Doctor? Yep thats how I roll. I have been going to Joel for about 5 years and never been disappointed. His staff is super friendly and I don't have any complaints whatsoever.
5	I have an unusual prescription that has stumped more than a few optometrists in the past. I was ready to give up after two national chains and two private optometrists failed to correct my vision. Not only did Dr. Ackerman get my prescription right, but more importantly, he took his time and was incredibly patient during the exam. He's genuinely concerned about his patients' eyesight and he goes above and beyond to ensure that the patient is satisfied. He and his staff are friendly and helpful, and the office is clean and modern. Dr. Ackerman is my "forever eye doc" and I hope he doesn't retire anytime soon.
5	Dr. Ackerman is the nicest little man with so much knowledge and experience, I am so glad to have found a great eye doctor in phoenix. He is located in the same plaza as my kids pediatrician, so i thought it wouldnt hurt to stop by, boy was I glad i did. The staff were so kind and courteous, one of them i think her name is spelled Ina (black curly hair) was kind enough to call my insurance company and stay on the phone with them for over 45 min to see if it covered one of the procedures I needed. The glasses are a bit pricey but im sure its standard pricing, other than that I have no complaints!!!!
5	I'm a first time patient, the doc was very thorough and took his time, very professional and explained my problem. The  staff were nice as well, helped me solve out my insurance problem. The selection of frames is very nice and high end. I definitely recommend this place!!!
5	I had a great experience at this place. Everyone was so friendly and they followed up with me to make sure my insurence went through and set an appointment with me to be seen. The dr was very nice and very helpful :) ! I recommend this place to others :)
