4	Good place if you can muster the bill. They charge $99 for diagnostic and then apply towards your repair. That is not that bad. However, they quoted me $1150 for this repair. I called around and even dealer had cheaper price by $200!!!! Dealer, for crying out loud.On a positive note they took my car in right away. Drove me to work (I work close). Diagnosed my car correctly and in timely manner. All in all everything was very professional. If not for the price they surely would be wrenching on my car now. But they not. Ohhh, well."I confuse"Eugene
4	Overall I was happy with this shop.It's always a roll of the dice when you choose a new repair shop. You're there because you lack either the expertise or the facilities to perform your own car repair, so you are placing your baby in their hands. I looked this shop up on AAA, and they are a certified AAA shop that won a Top Shop reward last year. I figured that was relatively low risk, so I brought in my high-mileage Mazda whose CEL recently came on. They came back with a timely quote for work performed. They didn't present anything strange or out in left field from what I requested, so I felt secure accepting their quote and having them do the work. I got the impression I was being dealt with honestly, which is a huge plus.The work was performed well and within the time frame they estimated. Overall, good experience. Their labor costs may be a bit higher than average, but it seems worth it for the good customer service experience.
5	Guys here were super friendly.  I went in for a basic oil change/tire rotation.  Reasonable price and quick service.  I'll probably take my car back here for other services.
5	My left rear tire was low, so after meeting a friend for lunch (at Sakana, which gets my next review of "YUM!"), I went to the gas station to use their air. I've had bad luck with these things, so I was trepedatious. Aaaaaand, for good reason - it did let more air out of my tire. Luckily, there was a Greulich's Auto Repair next door, so I rolled over and asked if they could put air in my tires. They said, "Sure!" As the mechanic was filling my left rear tire, he found a nail. No wonder that tire was low! He repaired it on the spot and off I went.Very helpful, and nice! I live considerably north-er and would go back down to this Greulich's.
5	I was referred to this auto mechanic by my daycare director at the time. I have a car that's almost 9 years old and has 215k + miles on it. I let them know I am new to the state and need a reliable and trust worthy mechanic. I also let them know I am not in a position to replace my car, so I need to take care of it best I can. I have sent my car there 3 times now and all 3 times I have been very satisfied with their rates and service. They keep track of my repairs and send me reminders for my oil changes. They also give me suggestions for repairs. I am able to rest easy when I have to get repairs done knowing they are using their best experts to advise me and aren't the type of mechanic to overcharge me for labor. They also give a very detailed receipt so I can see what costs the most for each repair. Love this place!
4	The mechanics here have been nothing but helpful and fair!  I've had to come in several times and the last "simple" repair could have been worse and they did their best to keep the cost down.  Any mechanic who is fair and honest gets my vote!  Thanks Glen and Ben!
4	Wow. These guys are awesome!  Its hard for me to get a full day off to get anything like a car repair done and they got me in for my EGR valve so my car could pass emissions test.  They had recalibrated it several times before, agreed to simply clean it if that's what it needed, tested it so went way beyond what my experience has been of other mechanics.  Just got to get passed the inspection then onto shipping my car abroad.  Thanks guys!
1	I recently had gone to Greulich's to get an estimate because my car failed emissions testing due to an air-leak, and the intake tube was torn on my Honda Accord.  Somehow these clowns road up an estimate for $900+ to get this fixed, and then the moron behind the counter actually stated that he won't charge me a diagnosis fee, but that I should tip his worker for diagnosing it.  I will say, that $4 tip I gave the mechanic was the best tip I ever gave, because I went to TEMPE HONDA, at the South Autoplex Loop and they gave me an estimate for the same exact problem and even took care of the job for only $107, and gave me the best service and professionalism I've been handed in years!!  GREULICH's is not to be trusted!! I will never go here again!   I had a similar experience about 5 years ago at a Greulich's just off of the 51 and Greenway Rd in North Phoenix, As I re-call they fixed the problem with my car for a very hefty fee, and this is why I have been somewhat hesitant in taking my car there...just from that one experience 5 years ago.  Well this just confirmed by belief.  Everybody needs to know about this highway ROBBERY!
4	GOOD SERVICE!!I would say that Greulich was pretty fair for the price of an oil change. less than 30 bucks! The staff was very friendly and accommodating. They were very knowledgeable  and did not try to charge me for things I didn't need, unlike other places. If I need other services done to my car, I will definitely go back...The only con to this place is that it does take longer than the small oil change places, however I believe the quality is better here.
5	My 99 Ford Expedition with 194,000 miles died and the revived it.  They fit us in quickly and fixed it for $99.  While my car was in the shop the radiator on my husband old Honda died.  They took that in and fixed it quickly.  They are super helpful and open about what is wrong and how much it will cost.
5	Great shop and friendly service. The prices seem to be very good as well. Highly recommend!
5	Great Service!  Car was over heating and check engine light was on.  This has been building and I knew it was going to be bad but wanted Greulich's opinion.  They fit me right in at 5p on Friday.  Called me the next morning and told me the news.  The repair was going to cost more than my 15+ year old car was worth but I knew I was driving on borrowed time the the last 12 months, so I am OK with that.  Glenn the shop manager wouldn't even charge me for the diagnosis and their time.  When was the last time that happened to you!  The even picked me up so I could "coax" my car home!
1	I was calling around for break pad/rotor prices and called this shop based on the good reviews. I told the gentleman on the phone that I have an 2008 Mazda 6 and its a 4 cylinder. He then told me there is no such thing as a 4 cylinder in a Mazda 6  that's why it's called a Mazda 6 because it's a 6 cylinder. I told him he was incorrect it was a 4 cylinder. He told me I was incorrect. I said, "Okay thanks anyhow". I then called Mazda  in Mesa where I bought my car,  thinking I have been wrong for 5 years. They laughed and said, "Nope that's just the model name, it has nothing to do with the cylinders." So when should you not go to an auto shop? When you know more than they do.
5	Not only have we always experienced great service here, but I appreciate the straight talk.  They are respectful in ways that other automotive shops are not.  They always give us whatever discount they are currently running, even if we don't ask.  They have even gone out of their way to save us a little bit of money on some expensive repairs.
