5	Wow... Fred Unger's latest project will blow you away!  It is a similar concept to Fred Segal in LA.  3 buildings with 3 different themes.  Extremely high end.  Really fun to walk through and shop, shop, shop!Nest / Live / Play / Cherish & Treasure... You can do it all at The Mix!This is a treat to walk around, let alone shop at... it is a great addition to Old Town and is a true destination hot spot!  It is not the type of place to shop at all of the time, but somewhere you go if you want something unique, special, different, etc... My BF bought me the cutest birthday presents from The Mix.  We really enjoy walking around there, shopping, people watching, and more!Shops include:Angel & Wingman Angelic Grove Canal Cici & Belle Elan Fitrou Gallery Garage, a body shop for kids Heidi High Point Juicy Kala 808 List Mirror Mix Offices Moody Blues Mudd Pies Ceramics Studio Nestldown Players Club Roka Romeo Ruby STUDIO Joy Li TE' la VIE The Grand Tour The Porch Toy JungleThis review will not do it justice - go see the Mix SHops for yourself!
5	I had never been to the Mix Shops before the Yelp event, I didn't really get the concept to be honest.  I just thought it was like a mall type of place with nice boutiques instead of mall stores.  Since we were a little early and were waiting for the elevator to go to Canal my husband saw a dress in the window he liked and thought I should try on to kill the 10 minutes we were early by so we went in.   Big mistake! Its basically like a Fred Segal- lots of little boutiques in a walk through type environment.  As I pulled dresses out my husband was brought a beer and got comfortable. (And I was brought champagne....I love shopping with champagne except I'm always nervous I'm going to spill on the merchandise!)  There were three party dresses from one particular boutique (Jennifer Croll and Angel and Wingman, no be surprise there!) that I liked, and they were having 25% off, so I just got all three!  (I have an addiction to party dresses)  I'm so excited to have a place like this, its just what Scottsdale needs.  No having to drive all over the place to go to different boutiques!  You can find anything you need there from casual clothes to party dresses to men's and children's clothes and housewares!  I like to think of it as my new Newbury St.
5	My friend Joy Li has her store here at The Mix.  My wife and I built her website for her.http://www.joyli.netThis may be VERY Scottsdale, but all of the store owners and employees are really nice people.  We came at the big opening event and had a really nice evening.  My wife has some of Joy's clothing and she looks stunning in them.  Check out her shop and tell her Terry and Lindsay sent yoU!
5	Great addition to Scottsdale shopping! I checked out the Mix Shops this afternoon...I liked how the little boutiques were connected, so I didn't have to walk outside between them (even though it was a gorgeous day out, so it wouldn't have been bad).  Plus, it's a very easy walk from the Fashion Square, so you can shop at the mall and then walk over to the Mix Shops, or vice versa.  Great selection of women's clothes...everything from casual to party dresses. The salesgirl who was helping me was very nice...helpful but not pushy or breathing down my neck.  I tried on four party dresses and unfortunately none of them worked out. The designers with clothes in the boutiques are exactly who I want, so I will most definitely be back to shop at the Mix Shops in the future.
3	Twirlers. That's what I call them. You know the type. And I don't mean baton twirlers. It's the hair twirlers. You know, the chicks with that empty stare, perhaps chewing gum. And twirling. Their hair. Oh it annoys me to no end. Here, at The Mix, I met up with the lead twirler. While I love the flow of The Mix and the merchandise, we've encountered  the most stereotypical, vacuous, Scottsdale blond retail bitches. Ever. Could we get a hello. Apparently not. We walked by at least three different employees in our stroll around The Mix and not one greeting. I know I put deodorant on. So it can't  be that. I was, in fact, looking pretty spiffy and not like I just left the free clinic. Finally when lead twirler uttered a totally insincere "hi", I gave her the stink eye, and mumbled my own insincere "hi". Yea. I got her goooood!
2	So sad that I have to update and take my rating down several stars...It seems that since my review in November 2007, the majority of the stores I enjoyed shopping at are no longer open.I've been in to window shop at a few that are still there but haven't been wowed at all.  The best thing that the Mix Shops has to offer now?  Karve Studio.I hope that some fashion forward, affordable boutiques will re-open in the Mix eventually, but for now... "Meh. I've experienced better" is all I can say. :(
4	Here's how a 1-star shopping plaza gets 4 stars.So it's New Years day last month and we were just finishing up our brunch, bloodies, and a session of watching bowl games at the Grapevine.  A small army of us decided on an impromptu day drinking pub crawl in old town.  It was 70 degrees and a perfect day to stroll.  The only problem was my lady friend (from out of town) left her tennies in the room.  She only had pumps and her dogs were already barkin from the long night preceding.  So off to Salties they went.  She and I left on a mission to locate some sandals.  I thought snatching up a pair of flip flops would be a no-brainer at Sidewalk Surfer.  Little did I remember that is was New Years Day.  Everyone was closed, even Triangles.  After 2 laps around old town, it looked like it was going to be either the pumps, cowboy boots from one of those awful turquoise stores, or she would have to man up and rock the grocery store feet. None of those options sat well with her (I could've handled the pumps, but I absolutely despise dirty feet).  I made one last ditch effort and drove down to Southbridge area.  I only saw one door open at a place called the Garage Boutique.  On a hunch we stuck our necks in and said hello.  Katie, the owner, informed us that she was closed, just doing some admin work or inventory, but offered us to peek around.   Took us about 15 seconds to figure out it was another swing and miss!  It was a children's boutique.She saw the dismay on our faces and had to ask "what are you looking for".  I gave her the 5-sec version with hopes she could point us in the right direction.  To our surprise, she leaned down, grabbed her own pair of sandals and gave them to Lindsey (aforementioned lady friend).  No joke, they were even the right size.  She said to bring them back when we can.  SCORRRE!!I couldn't believe it.  Such a solid find.  I offered her money and she wouldn't take it.  I even offered to bring her some bagels or a bento box from Kyoto (I think that creeped her out a bit haha).  I was 2-3 drinks deep and we were fired up at this point.  So we went about our day...yada yada yada.  Needless to say we had a great day thanks to a genuine person helping us out.  The moral of this long rant is that Katie is the shit!  Her boutique is full of cute kids stuff: clothes, all sorts of fresh gear, mother-loving accessories, trinkets, and the like.  Not only does this boutique have some great pint-size threads, but its owner is a enormous sweet heart, life saver, and obviously has great taste.  If you have children, make sure to drop in.  You won't be dissappointed with the service!      p.s. I only mention the 1-star because most of the tenants & shops are gone.  If you see any shops in the Mix are open, they are definitely worth a looksie.  Thanks again Katie!
