3	My only complaint about Cafe Vetro is the fact that they don't serve a full breakfast menu all day long.  I love breakfast foods and usually Vegas is the only place that I actually eat brunch or breakfast dishes.  Having woken up late and just about missing the lunch hour as well, I was hoping to still be able to order breakfast.  Since I always crave for omelettes I was sad to see that I was late for their breakfast dishes.  However, luckily, I asked the server and they were still serving omelettes.  There were maybe about 3 breakfast entrees on their breakfast list that they still served.  If you wanted the smoked salmon, you were outta luck.  My omelette was light and delicious, served with hash browns and toast.  Pretty standard  but nothing too special.  Service was really kind and helpful.  The coffee wasn't too good, but it was okay.  That was another downfall, but other than that, it's a pretty decent place to eat.  Hey, anything tastes good when you're hungover or starving.
3	We arrived here hungry and ready to eat but since this was one of the only places in Aria open for breakfast there was a line. A long line. After around twenty to thirty minutes of waiting we were finally shown to our seats. Since we waited for so long, the hostess sat us in an area with a good view of outside.Our waitress provided excellent service. We only ordered one item to share and she brought it to us all ready separated. When our food came out missing something extra that we ordered, she gave us several options to fix the issue. We opted on not being charged which she removed from our bill and then some.The food, overall, was okay. The price was high ($8.00 for orange juice) but we made the best of it. We ordered the omelette and pancakes. There was nothing special about the omelette but I enjoyed the pancakes.Between the two of us, the food was satisfying. I would return if I was in the area.
4	Like every other on strip restaurant, of course, theres a wait. Haha. Not as horrible as the buffet lines, but still...The decor in here is the first thing I noticed, which was super bright, open and very welcoming. Anyway, I order the BBQ burger which was amazing!! Could also be because I was also starving...haha. Hunger is the best spice. The bacon is thick and the bun is soft brioche burger bun. The meat itself was cooked perfectly. I would say the biggest disappointment was the soy cappuccino. It probably came from an automatic machine. Big no no for me. Other than that, I would definitely come back to eat here if I'm staying at the Aria.
2	When I am in Vegas, I think quick service, get you in and out (unless you are at a buffet).   There were so many empty seats, yet we waited so long to get a table on a Saturday morning for breakfast.  The menus were torn and their name was faded I didn't even know the name of the restaurant.  Pretty bad brand marketing!  The food was just ok.  I had a standard breakfast (eggs, hash browns, ham).  Not too sure if I would go back.
4	Very tasty breakfast!I had an egg white scramble - egg whites scrambles with spinach, tomatoes, and some other veggie (mushrooms, maybe) and swiss cheese.  It came with toast and hash browns.  Maybe I was just starved but it seemed extra good on my first morning of my Vegas vacation.  My husband had some Mexican food themed breakfast and really enjoyed his breakfast as well.  He said the coffee and bloody marys were good.  I had a carmelized pineapple belini.  I would not order that again.  It was fine but not $14 fine.  The wait staff was very friendly and kept our waters full.  Good stuff for hungry and potentially hung over people!
3	Typical Las Vegas place, a nice quiet break from the business of the strip and casinos.  Large open, bright space.  Breakfast is served in the morning, but not all-day, which was a bit disappointing.
4	I would go back here becasue of their selection on food.  I wish the staff was more attentive.  other then that it's a great place to eat open all day .
4	Decent size portions for the prices, especially in Las Vegas. The cheese steak sandwich was huge and came with plenty of french fries. It was also a decent approximately of a cheesesteak - quite tasty! The arugula salad was large and tasty, although the candied pecans were a little too burnt for my taste. The grilled vegetable pizza was delicious and big enough to feed two people. Nice chunks of eggplant, red pepper, and green & yellow squash. Service is quick and friendly. There was a bit of a wait for breakfast, but for lunch we were seated with no delay. And it is open 24 hours!
4	good food, beautiful cafe, and best of all it's open 24 hours! the menu was pretty small and there wasn't that many things to choose from but the caesar salad i got was SO freaking good. i know it's hard to actually mess up a caesar salad, BUT it is definitely NOT easy to make a super bomb one. i don't know what it is but i'd have to say definitely top ten best caesar salads ever. my boyfriend's country fried steak was apparently good as well, but i'm not a huge fan of fried anything. compared to other 24 hour cafes in vegas, i'd have to say this one's my favorite. the food comes out fast, there wasn't a wait for a table, and the service is great...unlike many other places. almost everytime i get hungry around 4am, it's always a battle between how badly i want to get into bed or how badly i want to eat. usually, eating always wins but by the time my food finally comes out, i want to punch myself for being a fatty. i'm so freaking tired at that point i can't even eat. service is always SO DANG slow, but not here! Definitely going to be my number one spot everytime i stay at Aria.
4	I really like Cafe Vetro. When I stayed at ARIA, Cafe Vetro was recommend to me by an employee who said that it was one of the places she enjoyed eating at. When I stayed here, we stayed in a room in the Sky Suites, so we didn't have to wait in line, which there wasn't a long wait anyway. I came here with three other people at two different times during our stay--once for breakfast, and once for dinner. I think for the price of the food it is good and the portions are fairly large as well. The cafe itself is beautiful and welcoming. The service was a little slow, but everyone was very friendly.
1	They blew it! Their huevos rancheros were my favorite anywhere. We usually eat here every morning for them. And they went and changed the recipe!!!! They replaced their yummy salsa ranchero sauce with peppers and onions for an awful and cheap jarred salsa. They changed the tortillas. WHAT WERE THEY THINKING??? I have never been so let down by a restaurant that used to do it all right! Bring back the original cooking!
