5	Everything about Nolia is out of this world.  From the great wine list, to the personable atmosphere.  The grand opening is this Wednesday, September 17th.  After a variety of name changes with the space, some claim the location is cursed.  Maybe it is like the Red Sox finally winning the world series.  The curse is dead.  The restaurant had a soft opening, but is ready to make it big.  The interesting and unique southern menu is traditional Charlotte with creativity and twists of flair infused.  It is the perfect balance between fine dining quality food with personable and quality service.
5	This place is great.  It's upscale without being over the top.  You walk in and it's very welcoming and cozy.  The staff are all very friendly and willing to do whatever they can to make your experience better.  Our waiter had some great suggestions about what wine we should get.  And he was very attentive, we didn't have to ask for anything because he has thought of it all.  The food itself was fantastic.  Cooked to perfection with just the right amount of flavor.  The roasted chicken was truly great.  Definitely a winner.
5	Nolia serves upscale Southern cuisine, and my dinner there was one of the best meals I've had in a long time. The pork was tender and the sweet potatoes were perfect. Nolia, in an historic house in Elizabeth, reminded me of Charleston, SC. The fancy, but friendly atmosphere is perfect for a romantic dinner. That location has seen many restaurants. I hope Nolia lasts.
2	The sunday brunch felt way short of expectations. The menu had a sense of upscale flair but fell short on the execution. The smoked salmon eggs were undercooked and underseasoned, although the dish was very creative and was an intersting spin on classic brunch ingredients. The mediteranean omelette was just ok. The restaruant has a charming, clean atmosphere and the decor focuses your attention on the architecture of the restored Elizabeth home. I will give this restauraunt another try during dinner hours.
4	I'm a fan of boujie Southern food, so Nolia was a great place to visit. It's a little pricey, but it's pretty much standard for Charlotte's fine dining scene. I've eaten at this location under several of its various names, but I think Nolia probably tops them all in terms of quality, service, and atmosphere.The little house it's in is very cute, and the staff is warm and friendly. I went for the Tuesday night wine dinner, and the staff was accommodating of my vegetarianism when I made my reservation, and the food was great. You don't find this quality food, wine, and service for $35 a person. It's perfect for a date night...three courses and wine for $70 plus tip is not bad.
2	This place is relatively new.  I have to admit, I had a bad experience here - October 2008.  The location is great, nice older house where various places (e.g. Ethan's) previously occupied.  Our martini's were good, but that's the end of it.  Food made an attempt to be creative and upscale, but it was poorly executed.  I might have ordered poorly, but my girlfriend had a similarly bad meal.  We skipped out on having dessert and headed straight to Ben & Jerry's.  Food was poor enough that I don't see me going back despite the other positive reviews this place has received.  There are better places in the same general area of Charlotte for the same price range (Fig Tree, Capre Diem, LuLu's to name a few).
5	Have dined at this restaurant several times and had positive experience each time.  Once for a party of about 30+, service friendly, prompt and food excellent.  Lunch excellent as well.  Had Crab Cake Sandwich which I loved.  Prices very reasonable.  I plan to go back.
1	Why did I decide to try out Nolia's for brunch is beyond my comprehension. Hubby wanted Waffle house and I thought it would be cool to go somewhere a bit more upscale where we could do mimosas and fancy omelette's. I had an open table reservation at Noon. We got there at 11.55. They made us wait for 20 mins for our table. Our waitress was super nice but really soft spoken...I mean we had to crane our necks to hear her. The menu only had the main brunch items listed like "veggie omelet: list of ingredients with your choice of breakfast meat and a side" The breakfast meats were not listed and neither were the sides. So our quiet waitress had to actually rattle out the sides and even she didn't seem to know all the sides!! But we wanted basic brunch items like bacon and toast with eggs so we could make do. We didn't get a beverage list either...so I just had a coffee and hubby had the OJ. But we didn't know the cost for the drinks. Note to Nolia: Get well printed menus! The most surprising thing was that there was a guy who were there before us...and he didn't get seated until 10 mins after us! Either this man really loved the food here or he had nowhere else to be. And the restaurant wasn't even packed! Service was slow and when we finally got our food...it was so so. I mean not bad but nothing to boast about either. So if you like long waits, slow service, have a hearing aid and don't mind sub par brunch food for around $20...then Nolia's works for you. If not,  I suggest any waffle house where you'll good yummy food for around $10.
3	***This restaurant has closed.***
