4	Pottery Barn is a fun store to shop and a complement to Crate & Barrel across the street. When the original store opened, as a William Sonoma Home store -- it was very high end!  It also didn't have a large selection and didn't last very long. The corporate parent closed it after a year and opened this Pottery Barn in it's place.  Thank you retailing gods!  The nearest Pottery Barn was in Chandler.Now, we come here two or three times a months, not including window shopping during lunch.  The store is packed to capacity with all sorts of goodies for your house.  If you get tired and worn out, there are enough food places nearby to rest up and plan your next retail attack.  We would recommend, West Elm.Enjoy!
4	This is a beautiful Pottery Barn and they have a detailed selection of inventory. I'd almost say that they must have a majority of their online items available in the store. In fact, this happens to be one of their flag ship stores! This is a great store to visit if you are in the shopping market, if you need some decorating ideas or if you need to find a gift. It's a beautiful store and worth just browsing (and hopefully buying something too!) They have furniture, bathing supplies, home goods, office items, kitchen items and home items. Here's a little tidbit of information I recently learned as well...they sell the Heavenly bed mattress online!
2	We went here over the weekend to get lamps. It was moderately busy on the first floor, but only 1 customer on the second floor. I already knew what lamps I wanted to buy, so we waited around in the area for assistance. There was only 1 older sales associate on the floor, and she was with a customer, so we knew we needed to wait. So we waited, and waited, and waited. The sales associate never acknowledge us or even had a friendly look in our direction. I understand she was busy answering questions, but she could have said "I will be with you in a moment, or let me call someone to help you." Instead she just had a snotty demeanor. I felt like I was in pretty woman and they didn't want me to shop there. I eventually flagged down a stock associate to try and help me. He was ok, not unfriendly, just seemed busy and did not want to help me. They also did not have the lamps I wanted in stock, so it was a wasted trip.
3	This was my first visit to Pottery Barn. I've only ever heard the name and seen the catalogues. Unfortunately, I wasn't that impressed after coming out of Crate & Barrel and into this store. Their selection is similar, but way more emphasis on beach/summer theme and less product. The space was cramped and hard to navigate. I did not purchase anything and couldn't wait to get out of the store. For being a small store, it was hard walking around the table and between the aisles all to avoid not breaking anything precariously standing on a shelf. It's almost better to just look at items in the catalogues - I'd recommend it.
4	A really well done Pottery Barn and has more than enough space to showcase all the options this chain has to offer.  I adore their seasonal items - especially when it comes to Fall / Winter holidays.  The sales staff was friendly and greeted us the minute we entered the store and ensured we were finding what we needed.  They weren't overly pushy and allowed us time to walk around and look at items throughout the store.  Overall: ALarger than the typical Pottery Barn (there is an upstairs showroom!) and staff is friendly.  Be ready to spend longer in this location then you may have initially planned to.
1	HORRIBLE online customer service.  I would not advise anyone to order anything online as the customer support team is anything but knowledgeable or helpful.  I cannot for the life of me get a manager or supervisor on the phone.  The rest of the staff responds to email but with no useful information;  where is the effective communication between staff and managers?  Where is the ownership of responsibilities?? Where is customer satisfaction and WHO IS TRAINING THEIR STAFF?? It is so bad, I am actually making a review on YELP.
3	The store is well designed and spacious so it's a great place to see a majority of the  product line. However, the staff is less than friendly and not very helpful. Seemed like they were more interested in socializing with eachother than helping me find what I was looking for. Also, after going over everything I wanted to purchase they forgot to include a critical piece of hardware I had requested.
1	The worst service EVER!!!!  The staff working there , will not mention names although did speak with regional manager about incident, are the worst !!! Mean! Horrible service ! Demeaning ! Racist! Anti Semitic behavior ! Nazi behavior! If they see you enter, and God forbid you forget to bring your Louis Vitton purse, and your Chanel shoes etc... You are in for a treat of the "pretty woman" experience! The " you don't belong here look"! I have been shopping at pottery barn for over a decade , Santa Monica store  and biltmore store! This one at Scottsdale quarter has been the worst ever! Laughing at your face from the sales woman while expressing your concern about being poorly treated is one of the insult amongst other! I've contacted the corporate office abs waiting to hear back. The only person so far who was nice enough to care was the district manager who took the time to talk and listen with care! Although , she offered products for me to keep at no charge for all the inconvenience, I couldn't keep them! I so not need free or charity, although I appreciate the gesture, all I need is for the store staff to be held accountable and responsible for their horrible behavior and action and I will need a serious apology! Until then, will not step a foot there ever Again!!!
1	Awful customer service.  Sales associate spent way too much time complaining about how she was neglecting her other customers who had an appointment.  And then complaining about what complaint might later ensue, rather than taking care of the customer in front of her.   Next time I'll be sure to wear my diamonds in hopes to be treated like the paying customer I wanted to be.  NOT!  I'm taking my business elsewhere.
5	They are amazing and I love visiting this location. My house was decorated beautifully for Christmas because of their service and helpfulness. Despite AZ Painting Companies horrific paint job on our home at least we had pretty decorations that would distract from the amateur job that was done.
