5	I was just driving down Eastern and I couldn't believe they have a brand new Fabulous Eyebrow Threading place by the Firefly. I love their service. Best eyebrow threading chain in the valley. And now they are in Henderson too. So Awesome!
5	Got my eyebrows threaded. Same great service as the other two locations. Muna did a great job on my eyebrows and I even got a cup of gourmet coffee on this cold day. I'm definitely coming back for a facial too.
5	Never had my eyebrows threaded before but I must say that it was a great experience. I really like the way she cleaned up my eyebrows and I'm sure my wife will like it too. Who said that only women get to pamper themselves? Real men take care of their appearance.
5	Mona is ahhhmazing and totally sweet! This place has great customer service and the ladies have skills. Mona always does my eyebrows right and takes her time! She has great attention to detail and she listens to what I need. I love this place!
5	I found this place when I was desperately need a eyebrow done right in this area. I walked in and felt the positive vibe in this beautiful store. The colors and the atmosphere is wonderful. Mona the sweetest girl took me right away and finish my eyebrows in no time. They were sharp and clean as I wanted. They use 100% organic thread made with pure cotton. That makes least pain on threading and would say it's almost painless. Highly recommended and will be back for sure.
5	These people are phenomenal. I used to go to their Durango location and this new location much closer to my work and I just walk in today. I never disappointed the way they do threading and they always use the same thread and technique. My eyebrows are harder to work with and I never trust waxing on my eyebrows bcos I don't have very many to loose. That case threading is the best option and I always trust fabulous eyebrow threading. Also, this place like little boutique those you can buy brand name purses and jewelries.
5	I am so glad to found this place in my area where I work at. The place is super clean and like the interior look modern and ethnic combination. Also they are using organic cotton thread minimize the pain and few minutes I got done my eyebrows and upper lip. Love the stuff they selling in their store. So happy and will be back for sure. Also bought a little purse that exact similar to the brand I bought in the store. Thank you fabulous eyebrow threading, made my eyebrow looks fabulous.
5	I dropped in to this new eyebrow threading salon and was so thrilled about how my eyebrows came out and had the best customer service- I will definitely be returning :)
5	Omg!!! Here I am the most beautiful eyebrow threading salon in Henderson and I am all satisfied with their threading technique. I got very define eyebrow and great service with coffee and bottle of water. Great great place. Try them.!! You never be disappointed. It's located old firefly restaurant complex.
5	Found this hidden Jem through yelp and it was well worth the visit. As soon as i walked in to the store, I had a nice welcoming treat with cold bottle of water and warm cup of coffee. Ideal touch for the cold weather and immediately sat with the nice girl ( threader) to do my eyebrows. Believe me I got most accurate eyebrows I ever want in my life and it was almost painless. I was really happy that I found fabulous eyebrow threading here in anthem area and most definitely this is to go place after having greatest experience. Thank you Yelp! Made my life happier.
5	I have been going to the Durango location for over a year now and I wouldn't trust any other place with my eyebrows! They come out perfect every single time. It's great that they opened up this new location on this side of town which is much closer to get to after work. Go here, you won't be disappointed!
5	Found this place on yelp and just want to stop by bcos my brows getting out of control. When I was getting two people ahead of me and the wait was les than 10 minutes. Did my eyebrows and lip for $9.00 that first time $5 deal applied to my service. Wow!! What great experience and now I know where to go. Thank you fabulous eyebrow threading.!!!
5	This was my first time getting my eyebrows done here and I'm will now never go anywhere else. Muna  did my eyebrows on a Sunday evening and she did a perfect job. They use organic cotton which made it hurt a little less. Great price, great service, great job. Will definitely be coming back.
5	I just finished getting my eyebrows threaded by Mona earlier today. All I have to say is, THEY LOOK GREAT!I enjoyed the conversation I had with Mona, she really took her time with my eyebrows and I did not feel rushed at all. I had no wait on Sunday around 3pm. Mona mentioned that Sunday's are usually slower, so take note fellow Yelpers!Mona also gave me some suggestions and tips on how to make my eyebrows look fuller, something I never got from other threading salons. Also, it was $5 since it was my first time! (reg. $10 which is a steal on its own). If you are paying a tip on your card, make sure to tell them how much you want to tip before they slide your card. Thanks Mona!
5	I was going to my nails done and noticed a new business opened next door. I find it difficult to get time to get away and do all my beauty needs it was awesome that in one stop I could  get it all done. I walked in and met Mona. She was great! Very personable and friendly. They recently just opened. The atmosphere and decor were lovely. If you need a eyebrow place to go this is it! First time special$5!!
5	Was so excited to see an eyebrow threading store open next to the nail salon that I frequent.  I thought I'd try it out and was amazed at the atmosphere and the great customer service that I received by Mona.  She made it feel so painless. She also shared with me that hair grows faster on the left side due to your heart being on that side.  She definitely knows her stuff.  I'm so happy to know now I can get my beauty needs met in one stop. Also 1st time visits are $5.
