4	I love America's Tacos!!!! I go to the one by ASU all the time.... way too much actually. The BF gets jealous when I go without him... that's how good it is. So yesterday when I was shopping with my friend at AZ mills (nine west outlet FTW), I remembered seeing that a location had opened here on FB the other day. So we went to the food court, and there was the America's tacos. This is awesome considering the nastiness that passes for food in most malls. I decided to try something new yesterday, which may have been a bad decision on my part, and got the carne asada torta with extra spicy salsa. I felt like this was not the best thing I have had from this restaurant. I know the salsa was much more mild than it has been at other locations. I think next time I will stick with the tacos, burritos, or vampiros (the tostada of the future....mmmm), although, the place just opened, so there may be some kinks still there to work out. My friend got what I would normally get, a carne asada burrito and an al pastor taco and said it was super delicious. We shared some chips and salsa, again the salsa wasn't really spicy (especially for extra spicy) and the chips were stale! So that was sad. Also, no happy hour or daily specials at this location, at least not yet, and, of course, no alcohol. I am really happy for America and her husband to open another shop, especially in such a good food lacking place like AZ mills.... but I will probably continue going to the ASU location.
1	I place a phone order twice a week from this location and today am told they have never accepted phone order and denied my business. They usually mess up your order anyway. If they don't want my money then I don't think I will be giving them any more of it..
5	I LOVE, LOVE Americas Taco Shop! The best carne asada and al pastor I have ever had and I am completely addicted to the ceviche. We eat ATS once a week if we can get over there. Go visit! It is amazing!!
4	Carlos working the grill was very courteous and respectful. Nice to see customer oriented service still is alive in some establishments.  The al pastor is excellent and the carne asada is very tasty as well
3	It was fine. Tacos were too small, but flavorful. Cooked fresh. Guacamole in squeeze bottle was weird.  I don't like guacamole, so I can't comment on how it tasted (my wife didn't like it). Al pastor was unique and tasty.Not bad for a food court place, though a bit pricey for tiny tacos.  Next time I may try a burrito (it looked bigger from what I could see, but also cost more).
4	We were floored when we saw America's at Arizona Mills.  There's never been anything in the food court that I *wanted* to eat...yes, out of hunger, I've braved a few of the other places in there, but America's blows all of them away!  I love their veggie quesadilla and the beans are great.  It's nice to know they are lard free...which means you can eat vegetarian or vegan here easily!
3	Two visits in two days, but in different locations. The food court choices all looked bad, but I had remembered hearing about this Taco Shop and since I'm a huge carne asada fan, here we go. The carne in my burrito was tasty, had some crunch too it and from what I can tell no fatty pieces were involved. The $6 small burrito had carmelized onions and guac and a tasty spicy salsa was served on the side. Might be the best carne in this mall, but I went to another location the next day and didn't have the best breakfast burro. That burrito was from the University Drive restaurant and the carne did have some fatty pieces here and the potatoes they used for the breakfast burros were too small and chopped up and the whole thing just didn't come together well. KInd of greasy and just average. Hopefully, the mall court comes through again on my next visit because good carne is tough to find.
3	I'm a big fan of the location in Scotsdale so I grabbed a Bean Burrito here the other night.  First off it's the Mill's Food Court so there aren't a lot of vegetarian options to begin with, but my burrito was decent.  It was a bit on the cool, but not cold side as the cheese hadn't even melted by the time I had found a place to sit in the food court.  It still tasted pretty good and is much better than the other options here ( I know that's not saying much ).  I think if they keep the food hotter then it would be much better.  I can't speak for the meat options here. The salsa seemed about the same as the other location so that's a plus.So overall for the Food Court it's better than the other places, but if you want America's I would go to the Scotsdale Location it's much better.
4	My first experience going here wasn't positive. I was shopping and came lunch time and heard about the taco shop. I decided to give a shot. I was looking at the menu and when I finally ordered, the employee said, there was no al pastor ready. That seemed odd since it was about 11:30 am and one of the signature items. Does McDonalds run out of cheeseburgers?  He could have told me when I was waiting there that they were out of a menu item. . Unhappy, I went somewhere else to eat.My next venture was more successful (just recently). I ordered 3 al pastor tacos. The tacos came out fresh and flavorful. There was a bit of a wait, probably 7-10 minutes to get my tacos which was a bit disappointing.I also enjoyed the crushed ice that the fountain drinks are served with, much better than cubes. The only problem I was very thirsty and drank most of the soda while waiting for the tacos. Refills are extra, bummer.I would head back just for the el pastor tacos as that is something that is not easily found and when you do find it, not always good.
2	Worst America's Taco Shop location I've been to. I typically go to the 7th St. and McDowell location. My burrito came out incorrectly, and it's just beans and cheese. The service was horrible. The staff whistled at us to let us know our burritos were ready despite the fact that (a) they gave us a number and (b) we were literally a foot away.
1	I have to be honest that this is the first review I've ever given less than than 4 stars. and after this update a few weeks later I don't think it deserves 2.After giving this review I sent my picture of the torta to corporate office along with the yelp link and to date 07/10/13. I have received no input or return email.I digress  on to the review which is indeed my judgment.I did not wait long nor did I have any issues with my order. .however I was taken off guard by what i thought would be a 7.00 sandwich.  The al pastor torta was very disappointing.. it did not even appear to be shaved meat that is evidently the meat on the gyro looking roaster. however I did not watch them cut the meat.The meat I received on my sandwich was about 4oz of nothing that resembled anything edible for human consumption as being shaved meat but in fact looked like dog food paste... I'm sorry took be criticle but it was exactly like that.Little to no lettuce and i can't even remember what else was even suppose to be on it I was still upset I do not see any pinapple and as for guacamole? well maybe it was but it may have been mixed with 3 parts sour cream one part gauc.. literally less than 4 oz of meat that appeared to be put through a blender. .. what gives?  A flattened bun which was the only appetizing part. A radish cut in half and a slice cuke doesn't make up for a really bad sandwich...I should have complained but as any one can tell you the last thing you ever want to do is complain about the food to a restaurant. .. probably don't have to tell you why right at least , i hope. I took a picture of it but Don't think i can upload to here
2	Look, I don't like leaving 2 stars based on one visit but I'm not going back. I was so unhappy with the amount of food I got for the price. I ordered two tacos and a small drink. It came out to 7.49. The tacos were soo freaking small I felt like they were little appetizer tacos. Most of the time I pay over 7 bucks I usually get a meal out of it. I was done in like 1 minute. A fair price for those "street tacos" would be a 1 to 1.50. I will never go back. I'm not on a diet and I like to eat. It would take 6 of those tacos to equal a value meal at taco bell. That would come out to 22 bucks. I'm not joking! try it, order three of those stupid street tacos and a drink. You'll pay around 10 bucks and leave hungry.
