4	Solid.  Blog review will be posted soon.  Spoke to Chef Meyer for a bit and the space is breathtaking with a great view.  Had the butternut squash bisque, charcuterie plate, Croque Madame, and Profiteroles - $50 w/ tax and tip.  They serve Intelligentsia, the table bread is buttery and smooth, and my primary server was superb while the ancillary staff was competent.  Large cocktail list, bigger dinner menu than lunch, and excellent execution on the plates I tasted - should prove a solid rival for Bouchon (or a place to eat lunch while Bouchon is only available for dinner and breakfast.)Three course lunch was $28, Charcuterie $15.
2	After a great meal at Estiatorio Milos, and losses in the casino we got a hankering for dessert. The Caffe had already closed for the night so we went to Comme Ca and took a seat at the bar for coffee and dessert. Cardamom Creme Chantilly and Valrona Chocolate, Caramel Creme, Orizaba Praline Feuilletine were had.Neither of the desserts were worth their $9 price tags. Two lattes were $10 and served luke warm. The waitress did bring two fresh hot lattes after a mention of how chilled the first ones were. I realize this isn't a fair representation of the restaurant itself, but I certainly hope their dining fares better. However, first impressions left us underwhelmed.
2	a french bistro is judged on his pomme frites and ours were soggy and not all that hot either....service was ok - how hard is it to serve the lady first in a party of two? pot de creme was yummy but caramel tart was not good.....on the plus side, the decor is nice and the mushroom risotto was delicious.....not sure i would go back when Mon Ami is right across the street
4	Disclaimer: This is a brand new restaurant, so I recommend that people go, because it has the potential of becoming a good restaurant once they work out the kinks. The staff really worked hard to make you happy.The good: The service was great. The seating was prompt. The wait staff and bus persons were very attentive. The imaginative cocktails were delicious. The restaurant design is really beautiful. The view of the strip is also nice. Oysters were fresh and delicious, and so was the crab cake. The bad: The price. For a similar (and still better experience) I prefer Mon Ami Gabi at the Paris Hotel.  Both restaurants feature similar items. However, you pay 20 to 30 percent more at Comme Ca. Something to consider. Now, on to the dishes that failed. The French fries arrived cold, limp, and greasy. The escargots were wrapped and baked in pastry and came out rubbery and chewy; a crime to do to escargots. Duck confit was properly tender, but lacked crisp skin. Skate was nicely cooked, but came lukewarm. Tarte tatin was pale and pallid instead of caramelized; the soggy puff pastry was a disaster.However, we plan a return to this restaurant because despite the failed dishes, it was a really enjoyable experience overall.
3	Very friendly service. My server was awesome. Shout out to Susie!The atmosphere was solid. The food was pretty good. Prices were extremely reasonable.I like the atmosphere of the restaurant at night. The restaurant has a nice section overlooking the strip. I recommend getting a reservation for one of those tables.The food combinations tested my patience. It seemed as though each time I took a bite of something good; I would take a bite of something off par. For example, the appetizer we selected was Roasted Bone Marrow and Oxtail Jam. The oxtail was quite good, but I thought the bone marrow was awful. I never had bone marrow before. If it normally has that fatty, slimy texture, then it's my problem for being ignorant. I selected the Duck Confit for my entree. And, the duck was simply incredible. It melted in my mouth. As I was thoroughly enjoying the duck, I tried the vegetable side, which had an awful aftertaste completely ruining the duck. I thought to myself this place has real potential, but I think they need to rework the food combinations I had. I wasn't disappointed since the prices were extremely reasonable. Comme Ca is a good option for a fine dining experience with decent prices.
5	Nothing beats a winner, and nothing beats a winner when that winner will see no equal of its kind.  Once again, Chef David Myers brings vision and class in yet another one of his ventures - indeed, as with all things originally Hollywood, this is a sequel to Comme Ca West Hollywood.  However, unlike most sequels, this one can stand alone as a great.With a menu differing in some offerings from its parent restaurant, Comme Ca Las Vegas stands as a testament to fine dining done well, with a rich blend of variety that meets style, sophistication, and the kind of care in preparation and presentation that would make even the most cynical of eaters fall in love with food.... all over again.From the Duck Confit to the Endive Salad to the Steak Fritte (both the simple center cut prime flat iron to the bone-in prime NY strip) with Herb Butter to the selection of cheeses from la fromagerie, there was nothing that even hinted at an error.  The Duck Confit was delicious, and I happily chowed it down with a signature 18A Cocktail - the Penicillin (made with Balvenie scotch) and it paired well with my steamed Spinach.  My partner in crime, @Meloshi, had the Steak Fritte and I sampled some of that delicious, organic, free range beefy goodness before having some of H's bone-in-prime NY strip and I have to say, no one can do it better than Comme Ca.  Houston chefs need to eat the bone-in prime NY Strip from there to show that you can do bone-in, do it well, and taste the difference.  Oh mais oui, it was as if my taste buds were performing the most beautiful ballet as I went through the courses with H, @Meloshi, and J.  From cheeses to soups to salads, every bite radiated organic excellence and fine preparation.The wine list is extensive, featuring wines from around the world that can pair with anything and everything on the menu.  We were blessed, after much food and during  my delectable Marron Glace desert, to have Assistant General Manager John Anthony drop by - and he gave us a brief history and insight into the menu's design and Chef Myer's guiding philosophy.  To say that the experience as a whole was anything less than heavenly would be to insult both Comme Ca and heaven at the same time, since I firmly believe that these recipes were divinely inspired.  Nothing can come close - anywhere in any restaurant - to the mushroom risotto that came.  No comparison to the farm fresh cheeses that were ravished by our table like cheese heads gone over the board of lunacy into dairy made obsession.Finishing with their French press coffee was only the start of greatness, as I sat in gastronomic heaven.  My body full, my mind racing with the thoughts of a meal divine, and I realized at that moment the true meaning of Hemingway's vision of Paris: "Paris is a moveable feast!"  Indeed it is, and the French cuisine of Comme Ca Las Vegas proved it - a million times over, and a billion times over that to my taste buds,
5	This place has it all ~ great service, amazing energy, lovely room (check out the view ~ wow), yummy bistro eats (the onion soup is to die for and please check out the huge bowl of perfectly cooked mushroom risotto!), surprisingly reasonable prices for a high-end Strip restaurant, interesting wine list of course, etc. etc.  It just opened a few weeks ago, so I am crossing my fingers that it stays as impressive as it is now!
4	After perusing every single restaurant in Cosmopolitan, which took some time, my husband and I settled on Comme Ca (pronounced kom-sa, for those who care).  I guess I was expecting this to be a fancy French restaurant but it is casual bistro food.  The servers all look like lumberjacks (red flannel shirts, black pants) which I found amusing.  Although a few patrons showed up dressed to the hilt, this isn't a super fancy kind of place. After being seated, the hostess told us about the balcony and said we could go out there anytime to just look at the Strip.  They have seating and heat lamps out there.  However, we had a good enough view of the Strip from our seats so we didn't make it over there.  It looks cool, though.  It seems like every restaurant in Cosmopolitan is required to make craft, old school cocktails.  Being a big cocktail fan, I ordered a ramble ($15) and my husband got a New York sour ($15).  My ramble was ok.  It was hard to get any of the raspberry flavor since all the raspberries were trapped below under a crapload of ice.  Let's just say I've had better.  My husband's New York sour was decent, but nothing to write home about.  I think I'll stick to American Fish for my cocktail fix in Vegas. The wine by the glass selection is pretty good.  I got a glass of the Orin Swift cabernet ($19), which was tasty.  They also appear to have beer on tap, as I saw some patrons with beer in pints.  Something to try next time.  For whatever reason, I didn't see beer taps at a lot of the restaurants in the Cosmopolitan.  The food here is the main star.  The beet salad ($11) and French onion soup ($11) are absolutely to die for.  Also the steak frites - so yummy.  I opted for the flat iron steak ($29) and it was pretty darn good.  It comes with herb butter on top just in case your fat intake is not all it could be that day.  You can upgrade to a filet for $36 and there was a $56 option of some sort that I don't recall, but why bother when the flat iron steak is so good!  The fries were perfectly cooked and seasoned.  There were a ton of them and we ate them all, even though we shouldn't have.  My husband got the crispy turbot (usually crispy skate, but they were out) for $27.  I was so enamored with my steak I frankly don't remember the fish.  We had a caramel tart for dessert ($9) which was great as well.  It comes with hazelnuts and ice cream which goes so well with the tart.  Great caramel flavor!Service was pretty good but there is a lot of time between courses for some reason.  Our drinks and starter courses came out fast but it took a while to get main entrees and desserts for some reason.  However, our server was really nice and knowledgeable and two managers came by to check on us.The restaurant only has one-stall restrooms, which annoys me.  But the restrooms for the Cosmpolitan are just outside so it's not a big deal. A little disappointed in the cocktails but I'm a tough person to please in that category.  Definitely a fan and I will be back!
1	While the food was good, the service was unacceptable.  We as a group of 4 did not require much to little attention and less than was what we received. If not entertained by each other and our cocktails, the wait for the food after placing the order would have enraged anyone.  Lynn the manager was doing a nice job putting out all the fires caused by the wait staff but doing nothing to anticipate or prevent them from happening. When asked to make a drink directly found on the company's website - the waitress had no idea what we where talking about.  I hope this place takes the time to train but I feel that wont help till they invest in people who really want to be a part of the company's culture.
3	For those of us spoiled by the original Los Angeles Comme Ca, please be advised you will not have the same experience. This version rests among many other restaurants on a floor dedicated to food at the Cosmopolitan Hotel. Everyone and I mean everyone on that floor is just about dining - never experienced that before as the hotels usually spread out their eateries. Las week, we were greeted by a friendly hostess, however we wound up having to wait an additional 30-40 mins because our table was not yet available for whatever reason (this is with a reservation for 9PM). We wound up having a drink in the bar featuring the worlds slowest bartenders (I'm not kidding - wish I was). The wine selection is apparently nothing compared to the LA location so again, be prepared for a step down experience. Once we were finally seated, the view was nice overlooking the strip. The menu is varied with many good options - very similar if not the same as LA. Our server was friendly but a little tweaked out. After being served the first course in a normal time period, we waited and waited and waited for the entree course. Finally I flagged our server only to be approached by the manager who asked if we were heading to a show - no apology, no explanation, just that one question - was quite odd. Hint readers...always tell them you are heading to a show and they will serve you in a more timely manner. Dinner finally came and was quite tasty. We skipped the desserts because we didn't want to risk the wait.Overall, the food is good, the ego is typical Vegas and I'd return - just ensuring I have nothing on the agenda for the remainder of the night. If in LA, be sure to visit the location on Melrose - its superb.
3	Had heard wonderful things about Comme Ca and was truly disappointed. The ambiance is nice but casual - a great bright dining room perfect for brunches or casual lunches.The food was mediocre and the service was poor. Everything constantly had to be asked for - refills, our dishes, and even our bread. Gave this place 2-3 chances and service was always sub-par. On one occasion, I asked the server what a particular dish was on the menu, and he did not even know - disappointing :(The food isn't bad hence why I still think this is a decent place, but with a push in improving their service and pace of bringing the food out, they can easily improve this place. They have a $32 three course special for lunch!
3	I have heard great comments from others for comme ca so I was excited to try. I am a fan of David Myers and have been to Sona and had an amazing meal. I fear that perhaps it was too late in the evening, but the food was not what I was expecting. It all looked nice - simple, rustic bisto fare, but nothing was memorable due to the simple fact that seasoning was off. We had the bone marrow & oxtail which looked delicious. The marrow had a red tinge to it though that was off-putting. The oxtail was nice. Next was the charcuterie. It was good but not the best I've had. The cod with white beans, chorizo and tomato was the exact opposite of what I was hoping for. I was getting ready for a cassoulette of sorts with the beans mingling with the chorizo and tomato in flavorful stew. Instead, it was like the beans were cooked in water, then chorizo was added, then finally halved tomatoes were added last minute. Nothing came together on the dish and salt was neglected. Finally we had the pork belly. It looked amazing with slabs of crispy belly over polenta with onions. Once again though, the dish didn't live up simply due to the fact that it wasn't seasoned. Poor experience...yes, but I will return. It was opening week and late night. On a positive note, the bartender was great!
4	My first experience of Comme Ca was New Year's Eve 2010.  From very attentive service to a wide variety of French bistro food this is a place for your must see list in Las Vegas.  Located in the new Cosmopolitan next to CityCenter and Bellagio, Comme Ca also overlooks the Strip with incredible view points.  Try the Turbo fish.  Was told by the waiter this fish is indigenous to the waters of Northern France and the way it's prepared at Comme Ca will make you want to come back for more.  Lobster salad to a variety of beets add to the amazing variety of dishes offered.For those desert fans, the creme brulee was outstanding.On our departure the Comme Ca manager asked about the service and food.  You don't get that level of attention very often is restaurants.  He was genuinely interested in our feedback and that experience was one more reason to make Comme Ca my restaurant of choice.
4	Came for dessert.  Had the cream puffs, cream brulee, and pot de creme (chocolate).  Very basic desserts, but the cream puffs really took the cake.  Topped with a "sugar sponge," vanilla ice cream, and a chocolate sauce - really quite yummy.But the best part of the restaurant is the view.  The walls are floor to ceiling glass, so any seat is a good seat.  But the best really is the outdoor patio.  There are heat lamps, so no worries about being too cold...  Good photo op.Waitress was super nice and friendly.  Patient with our large group.  Staff was very helpful with the heat lamps.  Have no complaints.
2	Dinner started off well but realized a line for a single bathroom was a bit annoying. It didn't help that our duck confit wasn't really cooked well. And customer service was not so great unless you dressed a bit semi casual for dinner. They won't really pay attention to you unless you ask for the check. I would at least expect average service for dinner when you know you will probably spend over $100. Btw they only do a speakeasy bar so mostly gin, rum, whiskey, and vodka. They can't make a simple apple martini. Sad and very disappointing dinner!
3	Thank my dear coworker for organizing a team dinner, but too bad the restaurant came up short.  We were seated in the private dining room and we told our waiter that we were trying to make a show and wanted to leave at a specific time.  However, service was on the slow side and towards the end of our meal - I felt rushed, hate that!I ordered and shared a multitude of dishes:French Onion Soup - pretty goodFrisee salad w/ poached egg - also pretty goodBone Marrow - terrible Frites - soggyBurger - tasteless and too saucy w/ their lettuce/cabbage mix - what was this?Mac & Cheese - nothing memorableComme Ci cocktail - ok, tastyI have a sweet tooth and preferred not to order dessert - woah, right?The restaurant does have nice outdoor space along with a great view of the strip & Las Vegas Blvd lights.
3	Two words Scottish Salmon. Ridiculously flavorfull. Good stuff! My friends got 48oz steak to share and ordered it well done..45 minutes later their stake came out pink as hell. Lol so that didnt go over well. The manager came and comp'd it but they didn't fix the steak. The crab cakes were pretty good and the spinach dip.Eh it's an okay place. I enjoyed my meal. They also have some tasty pomme frites. The employees are courteous as well.
3	The decor for this place was definitely the best part. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HoKXKkW8oC9q8XnjKLulRw?select=f1eeViD_rhRG4-MIFgZsEAIt was a nice day so we got seated on the terrace overlooking the Vegas strip.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HoKXKkW8oC9q8XnjKLulRw?select=FR6MuipnPqtxwIo9BUVZHAThere are some hotties working up in here.  I kept drooling over one of the waiters.  He was Asian, built, slight scruff, and had tattoos on his right arm.  I wanted to order him and take him to go but he wasn't on the menu :(Order:  Crab cake, mac and cheese, pomme frites, Croque madame, and shrimp cocktail.  For dessert we ordered the caramel tart and the chocolate terrine.  Crab cake came served with a remoulade and topped with a frisee salad.  It was actually pretty good, nice and meaty with large chunks of crab, yet it was still crispy and held up.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HoKXKkW8oC9q8XnjKLulRw?select=p_zZ9eP10crf4OoTMMPw-wShrimp Cocktail came with huge jumbo shrimp.  I'm not a big cold shrimp fan so it was just okay for me.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HoKXKkW8oC9q8XnjKLulRw?select=f0eXikNX8SVFSiTNYpvs2QCroque Madame is basically a ham and cheese sandwich topped with an egg.  I wouldn't order it.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HoKXKkW8oC9q8XnjKLulRw?select=hz67b-rY5NF_D8MfoFhpywMac and Cheese came out awesome looking, but upon further tasting it fell pretty flat.  It needed something to lighten it up and give it some flavor.  My friend squeezed some lemon on it and she said it made it a lot better.  They need to work out that recipe and give it some ooomph!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HoKXKkW8oC9q8XnjKLulRw?select=xWVNfswLh_diFTC__WeVMgThe chocolate terrine was too dark for me.  I normally enjoy dark chocolate but this was a tad too bitter for me.  It just tasted like straight up cocoa powder.  I wouldn't order it again.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HoKXKkW8oC9q8XnjKLulRw?select=LeYT8q4sUDeDQrM6-jxIeAThe caramel tart was really good, but the crust was super stiff and thick which normally I like :)  but not in a dessert.  Flavor-wise though, it was the better of the two.  It came with caramel ice cream and candied macadamian nuts and wafers.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HoKXKkW8oC9q8XnjKLulRw?select=Uv9LtnwzyrTIZFS6DEGv3wThe waiter was cordial and accommodating.  He was telling us about life in Vegas because I was thinking about applying to schools there.  Overall, it was a nice relaxing meal.  There were highs and lows but pretty solid still.
4	(3.5 stars)This Comme Ca is David Myers' newest restaurant (located on the 3rd floor of The Cosmopolitan).  The original Comme Ca in LA can be good or quite average (depending on what you order).  The Vegas location features a pretty similar menu (the same good/average may apply).This Comme Ca has a much better decor/atmosphere.  I've always felt the Comme Ca in LA has really just inhabited its location rather than transformed it.  The layout and design is so much more well thought out here as it combines both French brasserie characteristics and modern touches (which is kind of like the menu--classic French bistro re-imagined for a contemporary audience). The room at lunchtime also takes advantage of its Vegas location.  They use floor-to-ceiling windows that bring in a lot of warm natural light (as well as provide a good view of nearby casinos).  I think there is also an outdoor dining area, which probably incorporates The Strip even more.For food, the meal began with a complimentary French baguette--similar to the one they serve in LA but not as good.  It was freshly baked and warm; however, the crust was a little too hard and the bread was too chewy.I went with the 3-course lunch pre fixe ($32).  They give you a good variety of choices in entrees as well as a decent variety in starters and desserts.I started with the endive and watercress salad that was garnished with blue cheese, julienne apple, roasted walnuts, and a sprightly vinaigrette.  The endives were fresh and crisp (great snap to them).  The watercress was also fresh and good.  The combination made for a good salad base.The garnishes were good.  The walnuts provided a good crunch while the green apple gave the salad a good tart flavor.  I also liked the blue cheese, which had a good creaminess to it and was not too pungent, but there was not much of it.  The salad was nicely dressed with the vinaigrette.  It was a light tossing, which kept all the ingredients crisp and not soggy.  Still, the vinaigrette was a little acidic.For my entree, I went with the Scottish Salmon that came with artisanal polenta and oyster mushrooms.  It was a decent portion for a lunch entree.  The salmon was moist and had a good outside sear.  The outside sear had a good flavor, which made it feel like they left the skin-on (even though they didn't).  Salmon can have a strong fish flavor and this one certainly did.The polenta was creamy and pretty good though polenta is not my favorite side.  There was also a mild cream sauce that did not really do much.  There were also some oyster mushrooms on the plate, which were nicely cooked and not rubbery.  Unfortunately, they were incredibly salty.For dessert, I went with the profiteroles.  Like the LA Comme Ca, the profiteroles at lunch were not the standard profiteroles filled with vanilla ice cream and topped with a dark chocolate sauce.  Instead, they filled the profiteroles with Chantilly cream and then topped them with vanilla ice cream and a crystallized sugar garnish.  They then poured a dark chocolate sauce over top of it.The presentation was nicer than the LA Comme Ca's lunch dessert.  Also, the dark chocolate sauce was thinner and had a much better and smoother flavor (but still rich).  The vanilla ice cream was good and creamy.  I liked the crystallized sugar garnish, which provided a good sweetness and crispy contrast.The profiteroles though were not the type of profiteroles I am used to; the profiteroles here were quite small.  They were very crisp on the outside and were not light, airy and soft on the inside.  They tasted more like a cross between a profiterole and a brioche cookie/biscuit.  I saw a photo on Yelp where the profiteroles looked to have the appropriate size and texture so it might just have been the day I went.  The Chantilly cream filling was good.The waitress (Andrea) seemed new (it is a new restaurant after all) and very trained.  She did a good job.  She was pleasant, personable, polite, and very attentive throughout the course of the meal.  She also (though this didn't really impact the overall dining experience) looked very similar to an actress, but I couldn't pinpoint who.Comme Ca's $32 3-course lunch prix fixe is a good deal especially when you consider all the overpriced restaurants in Vegas.  In terms of their regular prices, the prices here are about what you would expect to pay at Bouchon (The Venetian); since they are both French bistros, they have many similar items.  The food at Comme Ca might be slightly less.If you haven't been to the Comme Ca in LA, this one is a decent lunch option for Vegas.  The food was not spectacular, but there was consistent quality with each dish (the mushrooms being the exception).  If you've been to the Comma Ca in LA, You may want to branch out and try something new since the menu is similar.Complimentary parking via valet; parking structure may also be available.
3	Like everything at the Cosmopolitan, the interior of the restaurant is well laid-out, as if someone took every painstaking detail into consideration. The service was also pitch-perfect, from the hostesses to the server to the guy filling our waters. I actually really loved the little baguettes that come with every meal; it tasted very obviously like they were fresh baked. The rest of the food was pretty good, but i was expecting a little more from the menu. Truth be told, the menu didn't excite me a whole lot. But the plus side is that, it being a chef-owned restaurant, you can bet that everything is made from scratch with real ingredients--all the way down to the ice cream on the desserts!
4	I love Comme Ca. I have been many time to the LA location and was looking forward to try this one. I was not disapointed. I ate at the bar. Upon arrival, the hostesses were very friendly and courteous. I sat at the bar and was immediately helped by the bartender who was very helpful in making suggestions.As it was lunch time, I just ate a croque madame and some profiteroles. Delicious ! The bread on the croque madame was a little soogy but overall it was a solid sandwhich.I checked out the dining room and it is very nice. Very french brasserie style. I will certainly come back !
3	super friendly staff. the food at the table was very good. the steak and the pork where just fair but some of the other food was great. chimay blue on tap is something ive never heard of. the restaurant does not have a bakery but i still had a pay a plate charge for my friends birthday cake which i did not think was fair considering the drink prices and food prices.
2	This restaurant really fits in at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.  The atmosphere is very sleek and trendy, but I just fear that like also like the hotel, the restaurant does not live up to the hype. We ate on the patio and enjoyed the beautiful view of the strip.  We started with a cheese course and enjoyed that very much.  Our entrees were Beef Bourguignon, the Crispy Skate, and the Beef Stroganoff. The food was ok.  All of the dishes sounded great, but they just didn't wow us.  The service was pretty inattentive. They forgot one of our drinks and our order of pommes frites.  We also had to flag a few people down throughout the meal to get refills on water and bread.  For the price, I definitely would try somewhere else in Vegas.  Save your money for Spago.
4	The steak is superb. The service took a little long but they made up for it by giving us togo cups of wine to take to our show. Make sure you eat outside to see the amazing view!
3	I was treated here by the boyfriend for a delightful Valentine's Day dinner. It wasn't the most romantic restaurant. We were seated at one of several 2-top tables that shared one long bench along a wall, while the 2nd person in the party sits across in an individual chair. The restaurant was pretty open, but instead we sat within arms length of other couples on either side.We ordered a few starters. I was excited to try the roasted beet salad after reading other yelpers' reviews. But my expectations got the best of me and I was disappointed. It was just ok. But the roasted bone marrow and oxtail jam...OMG. Superb.I had the bouillabaisse, which was very tasty. The bf had the flat iron steak frites with herb butter. If the herb butter didn't catch your eye, I don't know what else will. The one drawback to this entree are the frites. I prefer my frites crispy. These were more soft and, dare I say, soggy? My bf didn't mind them though. He actually prefers them that way. So I guess it all depends on how you like your frites.For dessert we had the profiteroles. These little creme filled dough balls of delight matched with ice cream and chocolate sauce were a very nice, not-too-sweet way to end the meal.FYI: I noticed they have a 3 course lunch menu for about $30-40. This seems like a pretty good deal and includes several popular items from the main menu. I would return to try this menu, but considering taste and value, I would probably more readily return to Mon Ami Gabi...unless I had a craving for roasted bone marrow and oxtail jam. :P
3	We got the window table, and the view was awesome! Service was pretty good, and we both liked the laid-back ambience. Now, the food:Salmon Carpaccio -  good starter, not spectacular, too creamy for my tasteCrispy Skate (fish) - yummy..not fishy at all, and the capers made it taste even betterBurger - husband loved it, and the fries were great tooPot de Creme dessert - very rich chocolate, I am a big fanWine - I think I ordered Pinto Noir (can't recall the name) and it was niceOverall, good experience. None of the dishes really stood out for its unique taste or presentation, but nothing was bad or inedible. I would come here again and maybe try their salad and soup, and beefstroganoff.
5	Amazing atmosphere. Cosmopolitan Hotel is the place to be. So its a no brainer to have a sophisticated French restaurant as well. As soon as you walk in theres a bar on the left side, walk a little futher and you'll find the hostess to greet you. My party was already there when I arrived, and she immediately knew who I was waiting for. I walked right in and found my friends. Amazing service and food. We ordered salmon tartar with creme freche, skate with string beans, platter of cheeses, house red wine, and the burger. The salmon tartar was to die for! Clean, light, and very fresh. The skate is a white fish that was cooked in butter laid on top of a bed of string beans. It was light, except for all the butter, and satisfying. The cheeses were great as well, I can't remember exactly what we had on the plate. The burger I didn't try, but the fries are good. House red wine, was just okay not bad. It definitely didn't hurt that some things were comped. ;) And an amazing view of the strip to boot.Over all experience, I love the new casino, so many things to see and play with. Great array of restaurants to choose from. I plan on coming back many times in the future! :)
5	I had a terrific experience here.  We were taken on time for our reservation and got a table out on the patio as requested.  If you are going when it's cold and windy just know that the heat lamps might not do much to keep you warm!  The view outside is wonderful but my sister was not too happy because I forgot to tell her I requested an outdoor table and she was wearing a one-sleeved dress with no sweater or coat on the chilly night we went.  Oops lol.We both ordered the burger and fries and it was just delicious!  I still crave that meal to this day (it has been about a month since we ate there) and it's the best burger I've had in a long time, or maybe ever!  Our server made sure to check that they were prepared to our liking and they were.  We each had our own order of the burger and fries but we probably could have split it and been fine.  We were definitely stuffed at the end of our meal!  Still, we made room for their vanilla bean creme brulee which we really enjoyed as well.  I had written when I made the reservation that we were celebrating a birthday and they were nice enough to send out our dessert on a platter with "happy birthday" in French written on it.  Very nice touch, especially after the fine dining establishment we ate at the night before did nothing of the sort even when I did the same thing when making that reservation.  (Yes, we celebrated the birthday multiple days.  Gotta milk it for all it's worth lol.)Service was top notch: friendly, efficient, and courteous.  Nice eye candy as well :)  A few different management type guys came to our table to make sure everything was okay.  Had an excellent time and would definitely come back.  Thanks, Commes Ca!
2	Big disappointment compared to the quality at the LA version of this restaurant. It lacks the extra attention to the food that you pay for coming here.  I was really excited to try this place out. Doubt I will return despite the cool decor (which is obviously the emphasis here). Not impressed by the Cosmo food scene is general so far. Too much like LA food scene. Nice decor but crap, overpriced food.
4	We went here for brunch and I have to say it was one of the most interesting experiences I've had. We got the meat plate appetizer (forgive me for not knowing the name) along with a few chef added meats to try. Like I said, very interesting, and although I'm not a fancy food person myself, I enjoyed the meal. Each of us got their self-named burger, which was extremely big and delicious. Their deserts were also pretty amazing. Overall I would recommend this place to anyone who likes meat and is willing to try different things.
3	The view from out table was great. Our server was great but the lacked that wow factor. The only dish that stood out was the crab cake was awesome. I had the duck dish which did not enjoy, I know duck can be gamy but this was wayyy gamy and the seasoning was just bland.
4	Ready to Go Back for Dinner!Review is for BAR / LOUNGE areaWent on a Thursday night... it (the bar.. not the main dining area which was hopping)...was pretty quiet around 8:30pm when we walked in and sat down at the bar... the bartenders were busy filling orders but all took time to say Hi and welcome us.We enjoyed a couple drinks and a snack... NOTE:  all drinks can be tweaked to your discretion per the bartenders... so if the main liquor is gin.... you can sub vodka... or make up your own concoction... they are game thereRamble: Tasty + Light + Refreshing = Dangerous because you could drink way too many of these and then when you stand up... BAM... it'll hit youI don't remember what all it had in it (sorry...) but it had muddled raspberries and vodka and shave ice and something else... Yes... it's a Girlie Drink... and I'm a Girl... so YUM!Dark & Stormy: base is dark rum with ginger and lemon... and I think club soda for a bit of fizz... in any case... it held up to it's name... dark with flavor explosions... the ginger really complements the rum in a way I would never have imagined... it is a unique taste.. and you have to like ginger...  unlike the Ramble... I don't think I could drink a bunch of these in one sittingTarte Flambee: so this was a mistake on the bartender... we wanted the Apple Tart and somehow he heard Tarte Flambee... go figure... but it was a TASTY MISTAKE... I'm not complaining...It's like a flatbread with caramelized onions, ham and cheese...In any case... melt in your mouth... my mouth did a little dance of happiness.... It is RICH... so only a few pieces need be enjoyed.Gotta go back because the main dining area has tables against the window that overlooks LVB.  :)  And they have patio seating too which sounds like loads of fun when the temp heats up to dine outdoors.  :)
5	This is "Chew with your Mouth closed" type food.That means SAVOR this stuff people. The Beef Bourgignon might be the best "melt in your mouth, yet hints of crispy-ness" meat I've had. Great Somelier (wine expert) on hand to help you pick and choose the right bottle based on your meal. Really friendly staff. Great view, hanging over the strip.You're in Vegas. Go out, and spend some cash. Make some memories. 3 of us had a bill of $260 before tip. But that included 2 amazing onion soups and a big league crabcake. And 2 great uniqe bottles of red wine.It originated in West Hollywood, I can't wait to go there next. Do it.... Vegas! Do it!
4	After eating at Blue RIbbon, the wife and I stopped by Comme Ca for dessert. If you're there for a quick bite (like we were) grab a seat on their patio overlooking the Strip. It's a nice view and cool atmosphere without being too busy. They also have space heaters to make you nice and toasty for those cold, windy winter nights. The wine we got was forgettable but the dessert... damn, it was good. We shared the chocolate terrine -- a rich, sweet chocolate mouse with just the right amount of bitterness with a jasmine tea foam and cocoa streusel. It was perfect to share if you just want a few sweet bites but don't want anything too heavy.I feel bad for all of the servers here. They have to wear ugly, red, plaid shirts that aren't flattering. Despite the sad outfits, our server was great. She didn't mind that we only got drinks and one dessert and did a good job of selling the place. I want to go back to try the rest of their menu after hearing her talk about it.
4	French bistro with modern style and fantastic food.  Great view of the strip (Paris) from the patio.  Had the oysters which were very good - nice selection of east and west.  Also the Cassoulet which was uber tasty - pork belly, beans, topped with duck confit.  Mmmmm.The drinks were super pricey.  Nice selection of prohibition era cocktails and an interesting beer selection.  But man $15 for a cocktails made with just 2oz of alcohol is just crazy.Service is very good but for some reason the place was empty while other restaurants in the hotel were bustling.
4	My wife and I liked this place enough the first time around (after just having drinks and dessert) that we decided to come back for a full meal. Reservations were easy to get and we were seated quickly after arriving.I love their raw bar. They've got several types of oysters to choose from. We went with half a dozen Kusshi oysters -- one of my favorite types because they're small, yet meaty and a touch briny. The oysters were accompanied by a lemon, some horseradish and some sort of red wine vinegar sauce.Both apps that followed were excellent. The broth for the French onion soup was rich and savory and filled with large chunks of croutons. The crab cake was a single large cake sitting on a remoulade that had a little spiciness to it and topped with a frisee and herb salad. There wasn't much filler in the crab cake and plenty of meat, but not the large, meaty jumbo lump chunks I prefer. Still, it was a good cake.We split a whole lobster. Talk about disappointment... yes, it was all the meat from the claws and tail, but it looked much smaller than what we expected for $52. The meat was stacked on top of fingerling potatoes and spinach. We didn't care much for the sauce it was in and the meat had a weird rubbery and almost chalky taste to it. Not something that we would order -- or recommend -- again.We got a cheese plate for dessert which had three blue cheese and two others I don't remember. All were excellent. The cheeses were accompanied with bread, apples and some amazing candied pistachios.Drinks were fabulous, service was good, and the view is always great. I'm still a fan. I just won't order the lobster again.
3	I didn't hate Comme Ca, but I didn't love it as much as I wanted to love it. The food was great but our first waiter was to put it mildly, a weirdo and his awkwardness set the tone for my first experience at Comme Ca. I'm totally willing to come  back and give the place a second chance and hoping that I'm not seated in this waiter's service area.I set the bar high after visiting during the grand opening of the Cosmo and getting a look at the sweeping view of the strip their patio offered. I was excited to come back and have the sit down experience, so brought my mom here for lunch for her birthday. Since it was chilly I opted not to sit outside and got a table with a direct Strip view, overlooking Planet Hollywood and tourists in various stages of intoxication or hangover. I got there before my mom and was waited on by a dude who I can only describe as a male model with social interaction issues. Maybe he was weirded out that I was there by myself. Maybe he was having an off day. Maybe he only had enough social skills to last him a modeling audition and had used his up the day before. I don't know. But the 30 minutes I was there by myself, he seemed to not want to be bothered with me and only checked up once, however spent lots of time schmoozing the other table he was working. Granted, they'd been there for a bit and had ordered, but not necessary to practically ignore me. I'm sorry that the other half of my party is late, but when there's only two other people in the restaurant, don't wait until my wine glass has been empty for 15 minutes to ask me if I want another. No Fabio, I don't want another because that will just add to the total which will affect the obligatory  minimum I'm supposed to tip you and I don't want to do that. When my mom arrived, we were transferred to another waiter named Keith who redeemed Fabio's crappy service. He was genuinely friendly and attentive without being annoying and earned the generous tip I left him (which I hope he didn't have to split with Fabio). We ordered and while we waited were brought warm from the oven bread sticks with REAL butter. This is what I love about French food-margarine does not exist in this world. The bread had a nice crusty exterior and soft, melt in your mouth interior. I only ate half of mine because I'm too often the victim of bread overdose. My mom got the Scottish salmon which she really liked and I got the pre-fix menu-baby beet salad, CCBLT and apple tarte tatin. My only complaint was the CCBLT was presented kind of sloppy,  but the flavor was  just glorious. The real winner was the apple tarte tatin. The only bad thing about this was having to share with my mom who destroyed half of it before I could blink. It's served with the most wonderful vanilla ice cream EVER. There's no better dessert to me than a good vanilla ice cream. The best ice cream never comes in a tub-it's homemade and Comme Ca has the most perfect homemade version. It's flecked with vanilla beans and so wonderfully decadent. I've been salivating over it ever since. Fact: vanilla can be truly boring, but Comme Ca takes what is practically the base of most ice creams and turns it into an ice cream meant to be enjoyed sans chocolate chips, marshmallows and nuts. I'm willing to come back and give Comme Ca another chance because some places just deserve a second chance. Definitely looking to try some of their signature cocktails!
5	We came in on a recommendation from a bartender at chandiler. We just wanted to graze on a couple of apps. Everything on the menu sounded so good. Then we found out about the 1/2 price happy hour munchie menu. The roasted bone marrow with oxtail jam is to die for. The steak tarter is served in a mason jar with the egg yolk on top-amazing! We ate at the bar and the service was great! Can't wait to go back for the flat iron and foie gras.
4	I came here with the most beautiful women in Vegas and had a really great experience. The ambiance is classy and I only saw beautiful people walking in and out of the restaurant. Even the hosts were superbly picked. If I was rooting for the other team, I'd probably bat for them because of the beautiful women in this restaurant. But, I'm not so we'll just leave it at that. We ordered: 1.) Risotto and mushrooms - it wasn't all that great. Not cooked to how I like it. A little too gritty for my taste. 2.) Mussels in butter sauce - I was very impressed with the overall taste. The mussels were soft, and the wine and butter sauce prepared with it made the dish perfect. 3.) Steak - WOW! The tenderness and seasoning gave it a lasting impression in my mind. 4.) Salad - I could have more if it was bottomless. 5.) snails - YUMMMMMM-O. I couldn't get enough of it. Our server was really nice and patient with us. Only downfall as to why I didn't give it 5 stars is that the food took waaaay long to prepare. I guess it gave us girls time to talk and laugh.
5	First off, LOVE the blackboards impromptu art!!! Next, Great view of Vegas and strip! WOW, The quiche wa AMAZING! Real French Fries w/ garlic aiolie- WOOT WOOT
4	Decided to come here for our ten-year anniversary.  It was a beautiful night out, so we sat on the patio.  An amazing view!  I really enjoyed this place because the environment is not stuffy.  The waiters are nicely scruffy and sociable.  The sommelier is very nice and didn't laugh at my pitiful knowledge of wine.  During the course of the meal, our waiter, the sommelier, and even the restaurant manager came over multiple times to check on us...but it wasn't overbearing.  Great service.I was impressed with the food.  For appetizers we ordered the bone marrow/oxtail jam and a half dozen oysters.  My first time trying either one of those things, and I must say I enjoyed the oxtail the most.  I ordered the bouillabaisse for an entree.  AMAZING.  The broth was so flavorful and it was chock full of seafood.  My husband ordered the beef bourguignon.  So tender you didn't need a knife, and the whipped potatoes that came with it were super tasty.With all that good, there was just a tiny bit of bad.  Here's why my 5-star review went to a 4-star:- Cocktails are expensive and come in pretty tiny glasses.  I wouldn't order cocktails here; stick with the wine, of which you can get a much better pour for the same price.- The bathroom is a one-person bathroom.  That's just a pet peeve of mine at restaurants.  There are lots of people here, put in more than one stall!- Patio seating is almost all high top tables.  I had a dress on and it was a little awkward trying to climb up into the chair in my dress and heels.- My bouillabaisse came with full on prawns...heads and everything!  I never know how to get into those things.  I ended up using my hands and smelling like fish stock even though I washed my hands twice!Comme Ca is a wonderful place for a special occasion dinner.  It is fancy without being stuffy, and not as expensive as some of the Strip restaurants.  Our two apps, two entrees, and 3 drinks came to $150.  Two thumbs, or should I say "deux pouces" up!
5	I went back to enjoy an other great lunch. Both times the bartender was super friendly. I started with an amazing shrimp cocktail, followed by the chicken served with a delicious ratatouille and mashed potato and as always the profiteroles. This restaurant is a winner.
3	3rd stop on the "cosmo food crawl " The place was not too busy. We asked if the lounge area in the front portion of the restaurant served food - yes. sat across from the bar given wine list and menus. After looking at menus we waited about 10 minutes and after basically being ignored i went up to the bartender and placed our order: Comme Burger w/ pommes frittes( $18 ) ; Haricot Verts w/ Lardons ( $9 ) and wild mushrooms ( $9 ) with a glass of pinot noir ( didn't see the name $17 - excellent , I wish I asked the bartender for the name of it . ) The burger was perfectly cooked, had a nice mix of shredded lettuce with mayo; topped with cheddar but didn't really taste the cheddar . The frittes ( i was told better than Bouchon ..really ? ) very salty and limp but a decent taste and the garlic aioli was packing some serious garlic punch but sorry people, Bouchon still rules the roost. The verts w/ lardons was to my liking - the smokiness of the LArdon complemented the verts. The mushrooms were very rich - no shortage of butter sponged by the shrooms - needed some herbs - maybe thyme or rosemary. Service was basically nonexistent, but the food was above average.
4	Wow, talk about GREAT customer service!!!  We (four girls) arrived 25mins late, they smiled and took us in right away. Gave us the best seats in the house, right by the window with the best view of Paris. Took our order right away and suggested the special, gave us full details on all the food we ordered. Which btw, were:Bone MarrowFoie GrasDozen OystersCrab CakesBay CodSalmonSeafood specialMushroom RisottoFour Cocktails (one of which was ordered incorrectly)EVERYthing was yummy. But what made it even better was our waitress...she went beyond her duty to make sure we received the correct drink.We tipped her 22%, well-deserved!!!
3	I really wanted to love this place, especially since I paid $300 for an early dinner here.  Unfortunately, my expensive dinner was just average to me, and I walked away with a slight hole in my gut.  Comme Ca is a beautiful restaurant with a fabulous view of the strip.  With reservations, we had a patio table, which was different but nice.  Our server was okay, but not as friendly as I expected.  It took a minute to have her take our drink orders and a few minutes more for her to take our overall order.  I still gave 20% because it's worth the service, but I digress.At $15-18/glass, the cocktails were just your normal cocktail with the exception that their entire list consists of gin, vermouth, scotch, and tequila mixes.  They were yummy, but I wouldn't pay that much for them to be totally honest.  We tried all of them, and they were all just okay.The escargot was the nouveau French version: out of the shell, piled on a filo tart with a red wine reduction.  The tart was hard.  I used my knife, but it took a bit to break through it.  Even then it wasn't worth the effort, so I ate the escargot solo.  I hate to say it, but escargot at Golden Steer in the shell was better than this one.  I was sad.The leek soup was amazing, however.  Lovely colors and great presentation (poured into the bowl at the table).  It was a flavor orgasm in the mouth, which was a well needed orgasm at that.  I was elevated for dinner after a few spoonfuls of delight.My market-priced $75 butter poached lobster on a bed of peas and carrots on a filo tart with lobster foam was lovely.  It had great textures, the veggies were a perfect pairing, and the plate was full of two claws and the tail.  I was happy to get claw meat!  The foam takes the lobster and ocean flavor over the top, which was fantastic, and the butter brings it down to Earth.  With the peas and carrots, it was a great meal.  I was smiling after the plate was emptied.  My hubby had their scallop special, which was very good indeed.  The scallops were large, cooked perfectly and with the pistachio dusting on top, the texture and flavor was an added bonus.  He had no problem tapping his tummy after this dish.Dessert was okay.  We had the chocolate tart with popcorn ice cream.  I loved the caramel and popcorn very much, and the tart was lovely too.  I see a theme in the food.  They all have tarts.  Interesting.Overall, it was a nice meal, but I don't see myself paying another $300 for two again.  I'll probably come back again if someone wants to try it and will pay for my meal.Overall, Comme Ca is just that...Comme ci..comme ca.
5	Great customer service, very cute decor, good french tunes. VERY delicious food! A welcome break from the burger/fries/sandwich menu at most Vegas places. The beet salad is extraordinary. The salmon was sooooo fabulous. Even the bread with exotic pink salted butter was delish And the waiter was very knowledgeable about the cuisine and helpful in general. Also has a great view of the strip.
3	First - Is there irony in that this restaurant's name means "so-so"? If I were to open a French restaurant and name it along this vein, I think I'd pick a word that was more superlative. Like "Awesome!"...whatever that translates to in French. Since I don't speak the language or understand its nuances, there may be something I'm missing here...Maybe the French just value modesty. Moving on to more relevant topics! The aesthetic of this place is glamorous. We weren't treated to seats on the patio or a view of the strip, so frankly our arrangement could have been better, but it was pleasing enough. We had a large group but we also had a reservation in advance and it was a special occasion. The service was moderate - our server was sweet and fairly attentive, but we were never offered a wine or a drink list, which was strange. Full disclosure, we cheaped out a little bit our entree orders. 9 of 12 of us did salads and a small plate instead of a full entree order. What we received was really delicious but somehow still not that special considering the price. I had the beet salad (LOVE beets) and it was a nice balance of hearty beets and delicate dressing. The side of mac & cheese was decadent and melty with a perfectly crisped topping. Others in our group had duck, which was apparently very good, and burgers, on which I didn't get the full report. For a fairly expensive restaurant on the strip, I expected more. Our meals were tasty but not incredible. This is probably a far better venue for a romantic date for two than for a large group. To compete with the variety of dining options available in Vegas, this place needs to stretch beyond "so-so."
4	I have been wanting to go to the original Comme Ca in LA but I made it to the LV location first. We weren't really hungry and didn't have a reservation so we were lucked out to be seated immediately. The service is very professional. I think it's Vegas - the assistant manager stopped by every table to introduce himself. Good for him. Our waitress is, on the other hand, a typical airhead. Pretty girl though. Since we weren't hungry, I shared a few appetizers with my coworker. Luckily we share the same interests in the Ox tail jam/bone marrow and the steak tartare. The jam was really good! but we had to ask for more toast to go with it. The bone marrow was also good but I was left with the smaller of the 2 halves so couldn't really savor it. The steak tartar was served in a very cute jar. It's well flavored but we didn't like how fine the steak was grounded (should've been chopped instead). I also had the beet salad. Unfortunately I was so busy fighting for the bone marrow and the jam I hardly remember how it was.... The decor is wonderfully designed and the balcony is open for dining as well.  Overall a very pleasing experience. Definitely looking forward to visit the Comme Ca in LA.
5	I can't say enough great things about this restaurant, but I'm sure going to try!!Had a reservation for 6:30, but showed up at 6, and asked if we could start on the patio for drinks, and then move inside for dinner. Not a problem at all. The drinks were AMAZING!! The service on the patio was a little slow, but that doesn't take away from the AMAZING view, and drinks we had. Once we moved inside, we had a nice table near but not next to the window. Still, had a great ambiance. Our server was very friendly, and professional. Told us the specials, and took our drink order. Everything about our dinner was perfect. Our appetizers came out in a good amount of time, and then dinner. We never felt rushed. Our bus boys were amazing, and almost like a tire rotation at NASCAR. Once we were done, 3 of them approached the table and quickly removed all the dirty plates, napkins. It was pretty awesome how efficient they were!Now onto the food - which in my opinion was 6 stars. We started with the Bone Marrow & Oxtail Jam, and the Steak Tartar. And before you judge, YES, it was a LOT of beef. I felt like I ate a whole cow, but ohhhh man, it was SO GOOD!!! The bone marrow was a HUGE serving, and broiled on top giving it an amazing texture. The oxtail jam was rich and delicious. The steak tartar was also a large portion. The flavor was wonderful, and it came with pickled veggies which complimented the tartar perfectly! Normally appetizers in nice restaurants are one or two bites for 3-4 people, but we could have stopped here.. but we didn't :) I ordered the Bouillabaisse which was chock full of amazingly fresh seafood. The soup was rich and full of flavor. I was so full, but I ate almost the entire thing. I was a little disappointed that 2 of my clams didn't open, but there was so much other seafood, I didn't miss it. My boyfriend had the waygu flat iron (after the appetizer, he wished he didn't order beef), but it was delicious. Perfectly cooked to his liking, and the frites were a nice pairing. My father ordered the beef stroganoff, and again, excellent! The noodles and the beef were cut the same size, and the creme fraiche on top made the meal a real "stroganoff". Yes, it was a little on the expensive side, but we came here expecting to pay it. It was worth every penny, and definitely the best meal I have had in Vegas to date.
3	Note: this review pertains to their reverse happy hour.The Skinny: Truly the food here is comme ci, comme ca (as the French say "so-so") (3), service: friendly and pretty efficient (3), value: holy smokes, the serving sizes here are ridiculously large. For the quality and quantity, it's a good value even though there are issues with execution(3.5).We came here because of their excellent deal on their reverse happy hour (1/2 price on their bar menu which starts at 10 pm). We ordered the Comme ca burger, the Provence Country Salad, the Charcuterie plate and the Roasted Bone Marrow with oxtail jam.I want to say something to start - the serving sizes are massive, certainly worth every penny on that criteria alone. Our order could have easily fed 4 more people. The salad came in a large bowl the size of a small washbasin. My hubby couldn't even get his mouth around the burger (trust me, it's a rare thing). Normally that would be a great thing if the food was good. Unfortunately, due to execution issues, it just doesn't make the cut.The much lauded Comme Ca burger was a huge disappointment. Sporting a thicker good quality patty, the beef was terribly underseasoned (ie, lacking enough salt for one). The addition of a rather goopy, oddly sour slaw on top of the already bland meat added insult on top of injury. The fries were lackluster texturally (not crispy!) although the garlic aioli was okay.The bone marrow with fleur de sel was great - very rich and decadent. However the accompanying oxtail jam was overly salty.  Definitely stuck between a rock and a hard place with the bread - you need bread to mellow out the richness of the bone marrow, but the bread you're served is a dentist's wet dream (ie, too hard by far).The charcuterie plate was faired better  - a large serving of interesting rich house pates and meats.However, it was again served with that terrible bread which definitely a big minus in my book.Finally, the salad. The salad was large and filling. There was perhaps a little too much acidity with the dressing and could have used a tinge more sweetness to mellow it out.I am definitely conflicted about the meal at Comme Ca. On the one hand, it's a fantastic deal given the portion sizes and the quality of the ingredients. But on the other, execution issues mar the value of the coming here. Overall, it evens out to a three starred review.
4	My repast at Comme Ca began with Escargot in Puff Pastry.  Surprisingly, I enjoyed the garlic-butter-sheened puff pastry as much as the snails, which were light rather than swimming in greasy garlic butter in shallow indentations on a platter as in most presentations of this dish.  I split the 10 snails with a dining companion.  Next time I won't!Next was savory Onion Soup Gratinee made with delicious Gruyere cheese.  The glompy strands of cheese resonated along with a sweet wine taste in the broth.  This rich and tasty soup was served in a white, lion-headed crock.  This dish and the country salad following it were enhanced by small pointy baguettes of French bread smeared with butter.  The butter was served in very small dishes, but we ultimately received four of them without any resistance from assistant servers.  The country salad was marked by crunchy half-disks of hearts of palm.  My entree that I eagerly awaited was Beef Stroganoff, which is not that easy to find at restaurants.  My only disappointment when the entree arrived was its portion size.  It was about half of what I desired.  But the light brown sauce, tender cooked cuts of beef, and egg noodles were all I hoped for.  My wife ordered poached lobster and light french fries that came with lobster sauce.  Her added request for Beurre Blanc was accommodated by our server without any problem, and at no additional cost.  I sampled the lobster, and it was equally delicious dipped in either sauce.  She was satisfied with the size of her portion, but a hungry male diner might have disagreed.  The only sour note for this dish was a Market Price of $72.00 on this evening.We finished our repast with Pot de Creme, rich gooey chocolate topped with Chantilly Cream.  It was delicious.  Our dining companions' Creme Brulee looked promising as well, and was of the larger variety.Ambience was modern and somewhat antiseptic.  Our foursome was seated at a half-booth with two chairs in front.  Yet had we wished to brave the heat, we could have been seated just outside with a direct open view of the Eiffel Tower of Paris Las Vegas.  And, just arriving at the third floor of the gorgeous Cosmopolitan Hotel was an enjoyable experience.  We passed the impressive and beautiful three-story, million-plus-dollar crystal chandelier on the way up.  Service was prompt, efficient, accurate, and friendly.  Offered artificial sweeteners for my iced tea were Splenda and Equal.  I would have preferred Sweet & Low.  Otherwise, I have no complaints, and the meal was worth the $177 tab for two without wine, including tax and tip.  But next time, if Beef Stronganoff portions remain the same, I will reluctantly request a double order, and forego the salad.All things considered, it was a splendid dinner, and I will be back.
5	$15 prohibition style cocktails overlooking the strip on the balcony, can't go wrong.Did not eat, rating is purely on the drinks (and we nearly missed a show after ordering 'just one more')
4	The food here is amazing! There is one in LA that I have never been to but have been meaning to go. So after visiting my BFF, I said lets check it out. Love the cosmo hotel, love the decor of the restaurant, it was a bit empty but 10pm dinner is kinda late.Foie gras awesome! Bone marrow with oxtail delish! Risotto yummy and huge servings not like your average fancy eats. Bon Appetite!!
5	Best meal I've had in a long time.The room is gorgeous!  The patio has insane strip views.  The menu is basic French bistro to the core.  Got a salad with bib lettuce and greens, roquefort and radishes.  Absolutely delicious!  Fresh and crisp veggies, REAL roquefort cheese, not cheap-o blue cheese crumbles, lightly dressed and piled high.  I could eat that salad for days. Then the mini-baguettes with smoked-salt butter came.  Omfg.  The baguettes were perfect!  Chewy and warm.  Wow.I got the salmon with fava beans and morels.  Perfect piece of fish, perfectly cooked, beautifully presented.  I can't say enough good things about this place.It's expensive, but worth a splurge.
4	Review based on the bar and drinks only.On a week night I went down to the Cosmo with a friend for a concert and to redeem free drinks at Comme Ca. They run contests on their Twitter to win two free drinks off of their 18a cocktail menus. Very cool of them.Comme Ca is tucked into the corner of the restaurant level of The Cosmo. I really liked the bar area with the plethora of seating. The ambiance is very conducive to just coming here and having a few drinks with friends. Also, I believe it would be a very nice atmosphere for a date. I had the Rumble. A drink they make with season fruit (mine had raspberries), The fruit is "muddled" aka smashed down in the bottom of the glass, and alcohol is added and topped with crushed ice. The presentation was nothing short of spectacular. All cocktails are $12.Now I need to go back and try the food and perhaps sit on their outside patio they have!
4	After a day of hanging out at the Marquee Dayclub w/ no food and all drinks - this was the place we decided to go to for dinner.  It wasn't too crowded when we went, but I kind of liked that it gave a more private setting.  The hostess & waiters were highly attentive & professional.  The salmon was perfect. ... the perfect portion for my tummy too.  My b/f got the burger which came w/ fries that were golden & light & crisp.  I couldn't help but to have more than just one fry.  If the weather is nice, ask to sit outside  :]  Wouldn't mind coming back here to try the bone marrow since I JUST saw it on their online menu.
5	i usually leave strip restaurants feeling dissatisfied. the food quality and service rarely match the price paid. comme ca did not fall into this category. everything we had was awesome. the duck confit was delicious and the steak tartare was out of this world good. both of our entrees were great as well. the desserts were a little weak, but that could just be because we were so blown away by the other food our expectations were set extremely high. even the mini baguettes and butter they put on the table were excellent.service was great too. this is a strong 5 stars, and i can't wait to go back and sample some other items.
4	Beautiful restaurant with a great view. I was not expecting the amount of food we got so that is an immediate plus. Usually I leave a strip restaurant with an empty wallet and my tummy grumbling like gremlin after midnight, but not in this case. I must have had about 4 cocktails and a couple of other drinks which were OK but didn't blow my mind. There was one drink that was mostly crushed ice. I don't remember the name but I'll remember to stay away from it next time. For starters we had the crab cakes, escargot, and roasted bone marrow, and a leek soup. The stars there were the leek soup and the roasted bone marrow. On a later trip to the Wicked Spoon buffet I found a comparable roasted bone marrow. They were all pretty good. I ordered the scallop special. The scallops were perfectly clean and cooked with a pistachio crust. the pistachio crust gave an extra layer of texture and flavor to the scallops, I would definitely have that again. Overall a pretty good experience. I am still surprised that I walked out of there full.
3	Yes, only 3 stars...Maybe it was because we came for lunch and the menu was limited, maybe we didn't choose the right items. But the half empty restaurant on the third floor of the cosmopolitan restaurant did not live up to my expectations. In fact on a saturday lunch hour, for it being so desolate, perhaps people agreed.The Assiette de Charcuterie was diverse, a bit of pate, cheese head, pickles, duck, fruit, and bread chips. Not terribly impressive in quality.The crabcake was redeeming, full of crabmeat and less cake. This item I enjoyed the most.The beet salad was refreshing, sweet beets, goat cheese. The mushroom risotto was a mushroom risotto, nothing more, nothing less. the service was attentive, but nothing out of the ordinaire.
4	We went in for lunch and the downside is that the menu was limited. Waiters are very attentive and my glass was never empty. The food was enjoyable, especially the crab cakes since they do stuff it with a lot of crab meat. Other than that, the food is average for lunch.The Best Thing though is the bread, by far the best I had in CityCenter. The bread is good enough to push it from 3 stars to 4 stars.
2	Beautiful restaurant in the new Cosmopolitan tower!  I love anything French, so excited to try it out.  We just went in for a drink mid-afternoon to relax and cool down yesterday.  I can't tell you how disappointed we were with the service.  Our waitress just didn't listen - messed up my husband's drink and misunderstood what one of my friends said...luckily she corrected her in time.  The bill came and we were charged for a drink we didn't order.  When we addressed with her, she said that is in fact what we ordered and got quite nasty about it.  She said "the customer is always right, so I'll change it, but that is what he ordered".  Needless to say, I don't have a desire to go back if that is how they treat their customers.  Be warned!
5	We are here for our anniversary and we were blown away.  We consider ourselves foodies and could not believe how exquisite the food was.  There were so many good things on the menu we decided to create our own tasting menu.  We started with a lovely frisee, lardons and poached egg salad.  The greens were dressed with vinaigrette and the egg emulsified it perfectly.  Next was the bone marrow with oxtail jam -- TO DIE FOR and more than enough for two.  The foie gras was seared to perfection and was the best "meat candy" in the world -- I could eat it every meal for the rest of my life.  The bouillabaisse with lobster was exceedingly fresh and equally delicious.  We were stuffed, so we took it home and had it for breakfast it was so good.
4	They got oysters!!!!  If you love oysters as much as I do. They serve them fresh all day. A great place for seafood. If you have a big party full of seafood lovers I would highly recommend getting the Grand Plateau which comes with crab legs, Lobsters, 16 pieces of Oysters, clams, and muscles. For my entree, I've ordered the fillet minion in medium rare which was cooked to perfection. Their Crab Cake and French Onion soup was also delicious.  Great service. Very professional. Great view of the strip. If you happen to be staying at the Cosmopolitan and hungry I would definitely recommend coming here to dine as an alternate to the buffet because i know the buffet unfortunately is  closed from 3pm-5pm. We had about 9 people in our party and lunch costs us around $700 to feed us all. Expect to spend around $60-$70 a person. Which is not too bad.
5	Comme Ca gets another star! I met my friend down here because she won their Twitter contest again. Hey, it pays to be on Twitter these days!On this occasion we were there on a pretty busy Saturday night. There was a family sitting in the lounge area with a young boy who was crying like a wild banshee and a mother doing absolutely nothing to stop this demon child from ruining the ear drums of all the patrons at the bar.Luckily for my friend and I the bartender felt bad for us having to deal with the angry toddler because he definitely cut us an awesome deal on our bar tab (plus the fact we already had two free drinks from Twitter). Oh, did I mention he made us free shots? Yah, we had a lot of awesome going on that night.I had the Sunflower - such a wonderful refreshing cocktail. I also had a whisky-based drink which packed quite a punch. I ended on a glass of Chardonnay. The bartender was nice enough to pour me a sample of the two types he had behind the bar and I selected the one I liked best. Ummm yes, I selected the much more expensive one without knowing the price. Haha, so just be aware they have some pricey wines back there. ;)This is such a wonderful bar. It may be my favorite bar on the strip now!
5	My girl just had her Bachelorette in Vegas and we came to Comme Ca for group dinner.  12 girls!  They gave us a private room so we can be as loud and disgusting as we wanted to be.  Great service!  The waitress told us to take pictures outside on the patio and she even took the picture for us.  Food: We did family style because the night before we ate a Society at Encore and got too stuffed we couldn't get drunk at the clubs haha...Appetizers..Started with Bone marrow.  Comes with a side of what seems to be beef cheeks or some kind of beef meat that is tender and in small pieces.  Out of this world!  Followed by the roasted beet salad...standard.  Goat cheese and candied walnuts.  Pretty good but not AMAZING...Next was the Mussels and i think this was one of the three dishes that i was not too fond of.  The mussels were small and the wine sauce was bland.  Followed by the Foie Gras. Bomb ass liver!!!  It was thick and the fat was pouring out of my little piece...(it was shared by five girls i could have eaten one complete serving myself!)  Lastly Pate...tasted more like gnawed up meat with a lot of black pepper in it.  Not a fan of this.Entrees: Handmade Stuffed pasta with escargot and bacon in a mushroom sauce with mushrooms. :) love!  If you are not a fan of snail...dont worry there is no funky texture or even taste.  My friend hates snail and she ate it and loved it.  Next we had the mushroom risotto with truffel flakes!  Need i say more? I licked the plate clean after everyone had their share.  On to the Meats...Hammered Veal...skip.  Didn't like the stringy texture of the meat again it was in "dog food form".  It does taste ok flavor wise but texture just threw me.  Last we had the beef cheeks.  Full of flavor and tender with lots of veggies on the side.  Very delicious!Service A+,Food A, Atmosphere A...LOVE $700 for a party of 12! WE also got shots of goose and pineapple chases... Great deal on the strip.
5	Amazing view, gracious & hospitable service. A+++ for the service. Food is superb. We went for a 40th birthday party on the patio which overlooks the strip (faces Paris and Planet Hollywood). Non-stop offerings of Sliders, crabcake, scallop, steak tartare, amazing cheese pairing spread. Will definitely go back to try additional menu items.
4	This place was fan-freaking tastic.  If not for the price, I may have given it 5 stars, but I star on a sliding price scale.  Started with the steak tartare.  Served with toast points and topped with a raw egg.  Had a very nice presentation.  Plus, I love raw meat so I went to town on this dish.  Very good and totally worth the $19 price tag.  Given how cheap I am, this is a serious endorsement! My friend tried the soup du jour which was some type of cold mint, watermelon concoction.  For me, soup has to be hot.  I don't care that it's 110 degrees and we sat on the patio (small but nice patio. great view of the strip!).  I will eat my soup in the winter thankyouverymuch.  She seemed to like it though.We split the Comme ca burger.  At $18, it's definitely pricey, but it was very very good.  Had some sort of creamy slaw on it.  Like all French food, it was a little rich but a half portion was perfect.  Fries were pretty tasty too.  I've had some awful service on the strip so my standards are pretty low but service was outstanding.  Even given the fact that I haven't tried a lot of the restaurants at Cosmopolitan, I would eat here again.
4	The best tail I have ever had!At the request of an out of town friend, I had the pleasure of dining here last week.  Frankly, I never heard of the place, but am always willing to give a new place a shot (esp when it's got Yelp love going for it).  Upon making same-day reservations, I asked what the corkage policy is, and the hostess told me $25 per bottle (REALLY reasonable for a strip property) with a 2 bottle limit.  All set.Upon walking in, the first thing I notice is that the place is empty.  On a Saturday night.  One friend was already at the bar so I joined him waiting (and waiting) for our third to show, which of course means we had cocktails to ease the pain of waiting.  The best thing about those drinks: they use REALLY good ice.  Didn't melt to fast and didn't impart any taste.  FTW!After an eternity of waiting (just kidding...sort of), our third showed and we were promptly seated, even though it was 30 minutes past our reservation time (the joint was still empty!).  Our server was very nice and helpful, but spoke a little too fast for someone with a slight buzz (my wife says it's actually because I don't listen, but she's never right).  To start, the sommelier came to open our wines, but we were told one of them was already on the list, so he couldn't open it for us unless we paid full list price.  Hold on!  WTF?  I was not given that warning when I asked about the corkage policy.  I was going to argue the point, but I figured it would have been fruitless and I didn't want to waste my breath.Anyway, skipping ahead to the food; we had:1.  Bread: Tasted like a champ!  There were three of us at the table, yet they only brought out two at a time.  We must have asked for half a dozen more orders and still kept bringing those sticks out two at a time!  Dude, it's just bread, load us up!2.  Bone Marrow with Ox Tail Jam: Dear Baby Jesus!  Before they send me out for lethal injection, I am having 6 orders of this!  I love marrow no matter the preparation.  But you throw in the best freaking tail on earth and there is a party in my mouth!  3.  Dozen Half-Shell Oysters: We ordered four varieties to share.  My buddy ate all of one.  Oh well.  At least the rest were really tasty, fresh and briny.  4.  Beef Cheeks: Great meat, great preparation.  It was a little on the bland side for me, but I love that you could actually taste the beefiness rather than a sauce or seasonings hiding all that beefy goodness.  Beefy.For desert we shared the Profiteroles (nothing spectacular) and something I can't remember the name of which was actually really good and I'm hitting myself over the head for forgetting.  Prices were reasonable for the location, maybe even a bit lower than average.  Aside from not being able to open our second bottle, everything was great.  The hot piece of tail that I had totally made the night.
4	Group of 9 guys for a bachelor party. Killed everything in site. Except for the fries. I swear it was like 3 potatoes worth of fries. Gotta watch them carb 'nah mean. Two Dozen OystersTwo orders of Bone Marrow and OxtailSauteed mushroom and sauteed spinach on the sideI ordered a Filet Mignon - fries on the sideI wanted it to be medium rare but they gave it to me medium. Should have spoken up louder. Either way I didn't want to be a punk and let a perfectly beautiful cut go to waste. I took it, ate it, and enjoyed it! Very tender and not too dry. We couldn't decide on what sauce to go with the steaks so they gave us all 3 in 3 separate pots to share.After adding their sauces I was glad that it wasn't rare. The sauces dressed a very subtle flavor to compliment the meats natural flavor without over-powering it.I also tried a bite of my friends lobster from his surf and turf combo. It tasted good but didn't stand on par to the steak.
4	Simple food executed almost perfectly without the stuffiness usually associated with a French eatery.  Quite the opposite as Comme Ca delivers a contemporary and exciting dining experience.  For starters, it's has to be the roasted bone marrow with oxtail jam.  It sounds disgusting but it is incredible!  Melt in your mouth creaminess!   The steak tartare and cured salmon tartare are both excellent for the less adventurous palate.  Both very well prepared.  Both good eats.For mains, the moules frites are absolutely delicious when paired with a simple glass of rose.  The beef cheeks are perfectly cooked; tender and very flavorful with a very pronounced beef flavor.  Finally, the bouillabaisse is excellent.  Every piece of seafood is cooked perfectly.  Tried this twice with the same results.Never tried the drink specials which are supposed to be very good.  The wine list is very well chosen. Stick to lesser regions of France or simple wines from the great regions.  The wines will pair perfectly with the food.  Prices are in line with Vegas standards.Service is excellent and helps to create excitement you want to feel when dining out in Vegas.Recommended.
4	Our lesbo cutie waitress was so charming and attentive. I heart her!  As for the food, stick with the simple stuff, like stroganoff, coq a vin or cassoulet.  You won't be disappointed!Cocktails are crafted with LOVE, albeit Vegas loveThe decor is very upscale french bistro, and it's in the Cosmopolitan GDMT!  Hence, you can shoot some 9-ball while you wait for your table.P.S. the supposedly infamous marrow is nothing compared to Polenf in SF
3	I haven't eaten here, but after a friend recommended it as having a good cocktail, we gave it a try and weren't disappointed. It's definitely a higher-end cocktail sort of menu, but it doesn't feel as pretentious as that might sound.
4	Nice ambience, good service, and pretty solid food. The four of us split a cote de boeuf since it was the deal they had on Saturday, and it was huge. It came with jalapeno mac and cheese which, sadly, we did not like so much. It was too sweet, and a bit tomatoey; seemed like something a kid would like. We sent one back and got the regular mac and cheese, which was much better. I had a French onion soup, which was pretty good, but a little bland for my taste. Still, one of the better onion soups I've had. Some in our party split the roasted marrow with oxtail "jelly". I did not try the marrow, but they enjoyed it. The "jelly" was delicious! It was basically a rich, tender, meaty stew with lots of flavor. It only came with five tiny toasts though, which was not nearly enough for the amount of jelly. Oh! The bread was pretty good. The dessert selection was, I thought, very limited considering how many French desserts they could have offered. But since we did not order any (being too full) I cannot comment on the taste or quality.
5	This was the most delish lunch we have had in a long time,i had the ham and Brie cheese sandwich with preserved pears it was like heaven my honey had a pork belly BLT that they are known for, it was really fatty and a little too rich he couldn't finish it. we ordered fries that never came so they brought it after our meal and they did not charge us for it so free fries are good we will definatly be back. 32$ for two with no drinks
4	Date/Time:  Friday - 8pmOccasion:  Dinner with the girlsParty of:  ThreeLocation:  Interior reminiscent of a western-style Bouchon.  Interesting decor - chalk boards with writing and pictures in chalk.  Phenomenal view of the strip!  Pretty romantic.Ordered:  Soupe a L'Oignon Gratinee with Melted Gruyere aka French Onion Soup to start and Bone Marrow and Ox-tail Jam Entree, Mac n' Cheese side to share, and Rice Sorbet dessertTotal incl gratuity: ~$40ppI just have to start out saying: don't order the rich and fatty foods like me if you're planning to go out drinking and dancing afterwards.  The food itself was rich and delicious but to follow it up with alcohol is a bad idea...Anyway, I saw french onion soup on the menu and being that I'm addicted to that stuff, it was a must-order for me.  It arrived in a large ceramic bowl.  I was excited to try but upon first bite, not so impressed.  It was more on the sweet side so we had to put some pinches of seasalt to add a little brackish flavor.  It was good but not as good as some of the other french onion soups I've tried in my day. The bone marrow was delicious but I could feel the fat going down my throat.  How can something so good be so bad for you?!  Roasted till the surface was nice and crisp and actual marrow, warm and oozy.  I think this dish is a splendid appetizer; not a great idea for an entree.  The ox-tail jam was ever so tender.  It was served with toasted crostini's, which went well with the oxtail as well as the bone marrow.  The mac n' cheese was very good; topped with baked crisp bread crumbs.  It wasn't overly cheesy or salty and the flavor was just right.Our server was incredibly friendly.  I forgot her name but she had a smile on her face the entire night.  Kudos to her.  She made our dining experience very pleasant.  We also had two different gentlemen, perhaps managers, check up on us a few times.  That was a nice touch.  I didn't get to try their actual entree food but it seems like a great place to return to.  The view was beautiful and I certainly wouldn't mind a trip back.
4	Bachelorette party w college friends, we took advantage of  their "B Party Special". Everything was amazing! Choice of salmon, chicken or mushroom risotta w salad or tartare. The one draw back was you had to have a glass of Rose. The oysters and salmon tartare are to die for! Definitely recommend dining w girls but also recommend staff to clean up those bathrooms!
4	Wow!...A really great French restaurant, hidden away at the back of this shopping center.  The portions are generous, and the ingredients were fresh and high-quality.  I and my 2 friends each had the pork belly BLT.  The 3 of us could have easily split the single sandwich (not because of the size, but due to the richness of the pork belly).The fresh hand-cut fries were among the best I've ever had.  Don't reach for the ketchup with these...try their house-made remoulade.Don't let the empty tables scare you away.  This is a hidden gem.
5	For lunch their prefix menu is the way to go!  Great selection and price for the quality of food.  For lunch the monte cristo was good and the onion soup is delicious and huge!
5	This is my all time favorite late night spot. The drinks and dessert are delicious, and I go for those two alone. They don't have much of a selection for vegetarians as far as the dinner menu goes, it's French, so I'm not expecting much. It'd just be nice is all :)It doesn't help that I'm not the kind of girl that is satisfied with dinner comprised mainly of salad/soup.
2	I had a couple of foodie friends tell me this is the "best burger in Vegas" and that I "have" to try it. So I did. MEH!I found this restaurant to be unbearably pretentious and overpriced. I should have expected as much from a place with a name like "Comme Ca," but like a dumbass I went in with an optimistic attitude. Oy, vey.The atmo is pretentious-chic, with a sort of Parisian douchebag vibe.The patio overlooking the Strip is nice, and the tables by the windows afford an awesome view... but that's just about ALL you'll be able to afford if you eat here!A $19 burger better be TITS...but I found it to be just OK. It's too big to even eat with your hands, so you have to be all pretentious and European and eat it with a fork & knife. LAME! The beef was pretty good, but guess what? So is In-N-Out Burger...and it's only $3! The fries at Comme Ca were nothing special, either.Of course, the thing that can really make or break a dining experience is one's company...and I happened to be in the company of two miserable bimbo party whores and a wealthy schmuck aspiring to be their sugar daddy. But looking around Comme Ca, that appears to be the bulk of their clientele...so nothing out of the ordinary, there.At the end of the night, I was particularly astonished to find myself having been party to an $1100+ cheeseburger dinner. Yes, over $1100!!! The bulk of this obscene tab was due to the party whores' insistence on ordering two bottles of Dom Perignon -- they were trying to be all classy. In that spirit, they ordered French onion soup and some weird stuffed cabbage thing (the menu is all weird Frenchy food) , which ended up being so fishy they had to send it back...and ended up ordering a cheeseburger, like me. Poseurs! We also had two orders of a dozen oysters, which were good...but I mean come on, how do you fuck up oysters? For 24 oysters, two cheeseburgers, two bottles of Dom and a round of cocktails, the bill came to $1100.Please!
2	Hamburgers are the perfect food. All  the necessary food groups are in one compact unit...meat, vegetables, carbohydrates...and it's already ground up so it's easy to digest. The ways to embellish a hamburger are as infinite as the number of foot massage joints in Las Vegas. That's the art.Hamburgers are peaceful and serene...and moist (well, they should be.). Never forget "moist". Moistness is generally overlooked in the food world.So when a foodie friend told me that Comme Ca had one of the best burgers in Vegas....how can I say it?....I got moist with excitement. So I endured "the long walk" that every strip restaurant demands, and went to CC to check it out.Suffice to say, I've removed my friend's number from my speed-dial.No idea where their lofty reputation comes from....they must have a good publicist or something....but I assure you that the CC Burger isn't in the league of Bradley Ogden or Burger Bar...or even Holsteins which is one floor down from CC. What's wrong with it? Where do I begin?Too expensive for what it is.The bun is dry and hard. (How many times do I have to tell restaurateurs: the bun is as important as the meat!)What they call "lettuce" is actually cole slaw and dominates the taste experience.The meat is nicely ground and "moist" but  flavorless, or maybe I couldn't get through the overpowering cole slaw.Okay, that's the bad.... now for the good....Can't think of anything.
4	Delish!!  Great service too.  One complaint - single person bathrooms?  Really?? Do they know they're in Vegas?  Otherwise, though, excellent.  Yummy breadsticks served before the meal. I had the prime steak frites (translation: a nice perfectly cooked steak with a boatload of french fries).  The beet salad was tasty too.  Didn't have room for dessert this time, but I'll be back!
2	I hate bland food. My friends and i all ordered different dishes. Roast chicken-bland, beef cheeks-bland, and salmon-bland.  If you come here stick to the starters, those dishes had more flavor especially the bone marrow and beef tartar. This restaurant does have excellent cocktails and friendly service. My suggestions is stick to drinks and starters. Oh the other thing I though was strange was they only hand 1 stall for the restroom.
4	Don't know why you would name a place that can be translated as "So-So", but David Myers offers a French brasserie with dishes featuring locally-farmed ingredients.Hanging with a couple of friends, we decided to dine here for the first time. I am always willing to give a new place a shot. Compared to everything else that's popping in the Cosmopolitan, you'll notice that the place is rather dead.  The best thing at Comme Ca? - their cocktails: they use great big ice cubes that don't melt fast and mess the flavor of the drink. Whiskey drinkers rejoice!The next best thing? -  Bone Marrow with Ox Tail Jam.   Holy Jumping Jehoshaphat!I will be going again, but will mainly chill at the bar with a cocktail and some hot tail...Ox Tail that is! * Booyah *
2	I was pretty disappointed with Comme Ca.  The service was very attentive.  We sat on the patio which had a great view of the strip.  The ideas behind the food seemed great, but the execution was just terrible.  I attached a picture of my food.  It was the special of the night and was a trout filet stuffed with scallops and asparagas.  It sounded amazing but the flavors just weren't there.  I didn't end up finishing it.It is relatively pricey and I honestly expected more.  With so many great options in Las Vegas I definitely won't be returning to Comme Ca.
2	After 10 p.m., the bar menu is half off. Fantastic deal! The food was also very good. Burger was cooked as ordered and had an interesting cole slaw. Fries and aioli were delicious.However, I had the worst service I've received in years. We sit down at a table in the bar area. Waitress doesn't come to greet us/take drink orders for 10 minutes. I ask about wine by the glass, and she says she'll be back with a wine list. 5 minutes later, she brings it. Another 10 minutes until she comes to take the drink orders. 10 minutes later, she brings the wine and says she forgot what cocktail my friend ordered. We order food. I order half a dozen oysters and the burger. Husband orders onion soup and a burger. Friend orders bone marrow & oxtail dish. Other friend orders charcuterie. Our friends were intending to have apps as their mains.The waitress brings out the soup, marrow, and charcuterie. I have to flag her down several minutes later to ask about the oysters. She says the chef is "making them" and that the burger will also be out soon. 10-15 min later, she brings out the oysters and my burger together. My husband asks about his burger. She says "you ordered a burger?" She apologizes and comps his beers. His food comes out after the rest of us have finished.While I'm eating, I finish my wine and have nothing to drink. I try to flag her down several times. I watch her spend five minutes ringing in one table's order and then see her texting. After at least 15 minutes with nothing to drink, I go over to her to order more wine and water.The waitress was nice, but terrible at her job.
5	Delicious, romantic and upscale Vegas restaurant. We took advantage of an internet deal and went on a warm Tues night. We made reservations and were greeted immediately and escorted right to our table. Our waitress, Martika, was awesome. Sooo friendly, professional and sweet. Whenever you go to such an upscale place with a deal coupon you sometimes feel like they'll treat you differently, but not here. They were ready and willing, even had a cool specially made TravelZoo 4-course menu! We sat outside on the dazzling patio (why anyone would sit inside at Comme Ca, I'll never know) and had a great time. Food was delish. The Scottish Salmon still makes my mouth water just remembering it! 5 stars!
3	Food was OK, portions were small and overpriced for what what you get.  I know the french servings are meant to be small but I felt I needed glasses to find my food.  I had to order more food to avoid starvation.It's meant to be french, but I say that is debatable.A french restaurant with no snails or frog legs?  I want my SNAILS IN GARLIC DAMN IT!Maybe next time I'll scrape some snails off the sidewalk and bring my own.Service?  The waitress kept calling me "My Dear".  I was not sure whether she was trying to breast feed me or what.  Needless to say, I focused on my dates nipples...
4	Great ny strip with a French twist Very friendly service
4	Since my first pseudo-disastrous visit to Comme Ca I've been back. And back. And back. I believed the place deserved a second chance-I mean with such a beautiful space and wonderful view it was hard for me to discount it on one grossly inattentive and downright terrible waiter.I'm glad I gave Comme Ca a second (and third and fourth and so on) chance! I've become a fan of their early evening happy hour in which they offer up their 18A menu for 1/2 off. This specialty drink menu is made up of handcrafted drinks with a prohibition style theme. They spare no expense when it comes to the ingredients and the variety, creativity and presentation of this menu just can't be found anywhere else. While I appreciate the unique menu I cannot justify paying $15 for one drink and choose to frequent the bar during happy hour only. Call me a spoiled local, but I've been groomed to appreciate and take advantage of happy hour.Most of my return experiences are based on the bar/lounge area-I was introduced to the bar after winning one of the restaurant's Twitter contests which got me two free drinks off the 18A menu. Since then I've been back several times and have pegged my two favorite bartenders- Len and Tony- however not a favorite drink, only because there's too much good to choose from! Recently I had the Queen's Park Swizzle which was pretty to look at and just as pretty to drink. The drinks are strong, so for those with, say, clean and undamaged livers, proceed to the 18A menu with caution.I ate here during Restaurant Week and had a truly delicious meal with excellent service. Our waiter, Ed, was above and beyond knowledgeable about the menu and walked us through anything we had questions on. When the food was brought out, either he or his assistant explained the dish very well, not only telling us ingredients but any special techniques used in the dish (obvi not getting to technichal). For example, my friend ordered the steak tartare which was served with an egg yolk confit-the egg was cooked sous vide which I thought was interesting. Just little stuff like that showed he took his service standards seriously and that was refreshing.Also had that evening was the tomato terrine (with heirloom tomatoes I believe-YUM), oxtail jam with roasted bone marrow which is just as mind blowing as everyone says, crispy skate and beef cheek bourguignon. All were very well prepared and beautifully presented. The beef cheek was SO tender and served with these tasty sort of potato cakes.  I'm 90 percent sure Comme Ca has ruined all other boeuf bourguignon for me which I think I'm ok with.Looking forward to coming back and giving some other items I've been eyeing a try. Very pleased with the improved service and the outstanding quality of the food!
1	So where to begin.......My wife and I arrived for dinner at 8:15 on a Wednesday night.  The place wasn't that crowded at that time.  Our very nice and pleasant waitress took our orders around 8:30.  So by 9:00 I began to think it was taking a little long for our food, but I was ok.  By 9:15 I thought maybe by" fresh" that my mussels were literally being fished at that moment. Our food didn't arrive until 9:40.  When it did finally come, the mussels were about as dry as can possibly be and my wife's pasta was average at best.  Seeing the disgust in my face, the waitress brought over the manager.  The manager needs to work on his customer relation skills.  When I said that the mussels were dry he looked at them then asked me "so they're dry you say?"  He just repeated back everything I said to him.  In a city with so many dining options to choose from, I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
3	So this review won't have a ton of effort put into it as I'm not sure it's worth it. Quick hits- Heirloom salad is amazing. The FrittesStumbles- Steak that came out blue instead of medium rareThe perfectly roasted chicken that was a bit dry. The food felt like one of two things, the chef wasn't there or they stopped caring.The staff however was very cool. That being said the bar is the standout of this place. Unless I wasn't paying, I won't be back for food, just drinks.
3	I'm seeing many mixed reviews here. Our experience with my foodie cousin back in July was a very nice one.  The bone marrow with oxtail jam was very good.  The filet from beeman ranch was the hit of the evening. We agreed my wife's filet was the best dish of the evening. Savory flavor and the quality of the beef was impressive.
4	This was my favorite meal in Vegas. After arriving the night before and going straight out, the BF and I slept in and came here for lunch. We wanted to check out the Cosmopolitan and walking around decided on eating here. I liked the decor. The view from the patio is great, if the heat isn't bad sit out there. Our waiter was friendly, knowledgeable, and the right amount of attentive. The food was also delicious. We started off with some cocktails which were creative and very good. We order a dozen oysters, which I was a little hesitant about; however they were very fresh and tasty. I got the quiche du jour, BF got the crab cake, and we split a special salad. Everything was simple, but extremely well done. Great food. A good bottle of wine. A very enjoyable meal.
5	Lets just say HOLY CRAP! By far the best meal I had while I was in Vegas. Everything from the staff to the view was awesome.
5	We went here b/c we bought a travelzoo meal for two.  The meal started with crab on brioche amuse bouche.  It was refreshing a delicious.  Next I had the french onion soup.  The cheese was nicely melted and the soup was not too salty like a lot of other french onions.  THe only weird thing about the soup was that the middle of the soup was not really hot, but the top and the bottom were steamy hot.  Next I had the roasted chicken.  OUr waitress told us this dish was "heavy" but i thought how heavy could chicken be?  Man was I wrong.  It was kinda heavy, but sooo delicious with the creamiest mashed potatoes.  J had the beef checks.  I took one bite and it literally melted in my mouth!  SOOO GOOD!!! For dessert we had the creme brulee and profiteroles.  The creme brulee was okay, not great, but the profiteroles was yummy!!!Loved dinner here, will definitely be back
4	Overall a nice dining experience.  The waitress/waiter were very friendly and accomodating.  We were there during restaurant week so we went with the prefix menu.   There was a good variety of items to choose from including their popular bone marrow jam.  It was good but I can only handle a few bites because it was a pretty heavy dish to start the meal.   My selections were steak tartar,  roasted chicken, and a sorbet desert in a cripsy cone that I can't remember the name to.  All were very food.  I usually don't order chicken but surprisingly that was my favorite item amongst all the items we tried.
4	3 1/2 stars...say whaaaaaaat? What's wrong with you people!! I've been to the one in LA literally hundreds of times and it is one of my favorite restaurants in the city. I was sooo excited when the Vegas location opened I almost pee'd myself, but I managed to control myself. I will say the one in LA has a very laid back bistro vibe while the Vegas restaurant feels a bit stuffy (granted its beautiful so really who cares anyway.) Well I'm not one to be turned off by pretense so I have no qualms about getting my grub on here! I have loved every meal I've eaten here. This is very traditional French bistro food; comforting (read: fattening,) like a hug from a teddy bear. Ive had the chicken and the salmon both good, but I usually order a smorgasborg of starters and sides because they are so delicious!! The beet salad is one of the best I've ever had. They also have fantastic desserts, particularly the caramel tart, which I would hump if it were socially acceptable to fornicate with your dessert in public. During one visit the server heard me yapping about how good the tart was and sent one over to me in the house! Woohoo, now that's fantastic service. Pretty much if you don't like this place you are lame, and stupid and don't know anything and...are probably super ugly...and smelly.
4	Our waiter was with it! He provided a good service and when we said we had to be done at a certain time to get to our next rendezvous event, he made sure he did.  The GRAND PLATEAU (aka the everything seafood platter) was amazing!Risotto could have been better but no complaints for the steak and frites. Oh, bon appetite before we party hardy at the Marquee Club.
4	Fantastic food and Rebecca, our server could not be matched today.  We will Definitely be back.
2	The food was good, and the atmosphere nice.  We were very frustrated by the service.  They were constantly trying to sell us more food/drinks ("Can I start you of with a round of cocktails? How about a some appetizers?  Can we add some sides to your order").  They also offered water ("sparkling or still"), and we assumed that still meant tap water -- it certainly tasted like it. When we got the bill they had charged us $30 for water. They had given us six bottles of water, and never once asked if we would like to open a new one. In fact, they refilled our glasses without us asking for it, which in my experience is restaurant code for free refills. When we explained that we thought we were ordering tap water, both the waitress and the manager told us there was nothing they could do about it because they were "very strict" about these things, which we assume means they do this a lot. We are not trying to be cheap either -- our group spent over $400 there, so they were really just trying to nickel and dime us.
2	I really hate that I'm rating this so low, but for the price point, the food, and the overall experience, i've had better.  I will, however, bump it up to a 2.5 for the service I experienced the first time I dined here.  I'ved dined here twice now and don't think i'll be coming back anytime soon, especially with such a vast amount of restaurants here in Las Vegas.  The first time I dined here was for dinner and I brought my 7 y/o daughter with me.  Our waiter was awesome!!  He was really patient with me and answered all my questions about wine and menu, so I appreciated that.  The manager (I think) was such a sweetheart to my daughter and gave her lots of attention.  She was the only child in the restaurant and it was refreshing to see that customer service is not limited to just paying adults. lol.  He complemented her on her drawings and even did magic tricks with a wine cork; he even gave her the cork as a souvenir.Anyway, the food was nothing to write home about.  My daughter ordered the crab cakes, which were good, but a bit expensive for what it is.  My friend had the salmon and I ordered the special that they were featuring that night.  I can't even remember what it was, but it was some type of fish that was really lacking flavor.  I enjoyed my dish over my friend's salmon, and that's not saying much.  The food was just blah.  For two glasses of wine two entrees and an appetizer our bill came out to almost $200.  Kinda pricey if you ask me.I came back the day of my birthday for a nice lunch.  Service this time wasn't as personable.  I ordered a glass of wine and he asked to check my ID... He didn't greet me Happy birthday, which was ok but it would have been a nice gesture since it was my birthday.  I won't knock him for that, though.  His service was the "can i take your order, ok bye" type.  Maybe he was having an off day, but that was the extent of our service.  On to the food: I had the come ca burger and it was just ok.  For a gourmet burger priced at $19, I expected a burger jam packed with flavor!  It just didn't deliver and I only ended up eating 1/4 of it.  My BF had the croquette monsieur?  I forget the name of the dish, but it was basically a grilled cheese with ham.  This was good, better than my burger, but at that price point it was just blah.  We passed on dessert.  For two glasses of wine and two entrees our bill came out to about $100.  Still kinda pricey if you ask me.This is starting to turn out to be a lengthy review but I just want to mention real quick that the decor is really sheik and beautifully lit with natural lighting during the day.  The patio area seems like a nice place to dine, you get a pretty good view of all the life happening on the strip.
3	Our waiter was amazing and very knowledgeable. This is a pricey place, but they do give pretty decent portions. I just ordered the cheapest thing on their menu which is the burger and you literally cannot fit this in your mouth. Their pomme frites are delicious and so was the mac and cheese and creamless corn. My friends got the ox-tail and salmon which were decent.The ambience was pretty nice. Kinda noisy and dark but a good place for a dinner or date.
1	wow. Can't believe you can miss on this many dishes. Nobody in here where jaleo and stk are packed
4	We had a groupon which we used 2 days ago... Fantastic food and wine choices here.  They have outside tables but it is too loud out there because it overlooks the strip, can't hear yourself talk.
3	Avoid the flatiron steak- below average! And served with fries?? For $31? Otherwise the carrot soup was great as was the creme bulee. Service is 5 stars , view of the strip is awesome..
2	Went to check this place out as both LA and Vegas restaurants had good reviews.  I was truly dissapointed.   The view was the nicest thing about the restaurant.  That's where the buck stops.  The bone marrow and oxtail jam was awful.  The bone marrow tasted old and the oxtail was oily.  The salmon tartar was served in a round glass bowl which was cute, but so damn hard to eat from.  The tartar was warm... yuck.  Warm fish...  the worst.  Between the appetizer course and the entree course, we waited a good 25 minutes.  The dining room was not full, so I could not figure out what the hold up was.  Oh yeah and the table next to us gets an amuse bushe of 2 spoonfuls of something, but we never got any.  What's up with that?  Service was spotty.  Waiter was nice, but the service is nothing to some lower end restaurants in Vegas.  Sad....  The entrees were okay - I had the chicken with honey carrots and polenta.  My date had the beef cheeks.  You ain't missing nothing.  Save your money and go to Jaleo or Scarpetto.  Much more worth it.
4	Dining at the Cosmopolitan in Vegas was great.  The decor and atmosphere at this establishment is high energy and it's very appealling to the eye.The location for Comme Ca is great, and has a beautiful view of the strip.  It's decor is on the masculine side, and a bit dark.  But the food was excellent, and you should try the Leaving Tijuana drink.
4	Gorgeous place & amazing views. Here's the thing about the Cosmo you are not going to find a bad restaurant, or at least I haven't!  Make a rezzie and request a seat by the window overlooking the strip, they have one of the best views & probably the best in the Cosmo as far as restaurants go!Drinks-man do they serve up some cocktails here, go ahead, get good and shitty!Food-Beef cheek, interesting, good, never had that beforeRoasted Chicken-slap your mama this was good chicken!Salad-OK dude way too much salad holy cow that was alot of foodDessert-we passed we were way to stuffWine-YES Please! they have lots of it.All-in-all I'll be back!
5	I have frequented this place many times, but I was just thinking about their delicious bone marrow and oxtail jam so thought I'd finally review the place.  I was also reminiscing about their delicious french onion soup, that I usually hate, but the one at Comme Ca is not overly strong.  It has the perfect broth and the burned cheese on top is YUM!The view is absolutely fantastic, especially at night, it's the perfect romantic dinner at the Cosmo.  Their patio hosts the best view in the Cosmo, perfect for NYE or Valentines day!  The drinks are mostly whiskey, gin, etc, not really my style, so the bartender made me one of their own specials, which was very good.Overall, I've always had a good experience here, and I'm just really missing the food right now.  Must find a day to go try their new menu!
3	I had the Filet Mignon and a butternut squash vegetable substitue for the fries. Not so exciting, but the salads were very good -- tried the Beat and the Lardon salads. Bread is good, by friend was happy with the Oyster. It's in the Cosmo and has a view of the strip.  Our server was good.
2	It's not every day that I would think to go into a French restaurant to try a burger, and honestly I had zero intentions of doing so when I went to Comme Ca recently with a few friends, but peer pressure prevailed and the 'burger guy' was talked into ordering one. At $19 I figured I was getting myself into something somewhat decent, but there's a reason I don't usually order a burger at a French restaurant: they're not good.The restaurant is located at the Cosmopolitan hotel on the third floor with a bunch of other fancy overpriced restaurants. Comme Ca has a really great outdoor patio with an amazing view of the strip, otherwise the interior is pretty dark and plain. It's definitely not as 'cool' as Holstein's or even Jaleo.There's really no burger menu to speak of, as there is just one burger on the menu: the appropriately named 'Comme Ca Burger' with certified angus beef, cheddar, dressing and pomme frites. It sounded simple enough, but I was in for a surprise once it arrived. The cheddar was quite melted which made me happy, but the 'dressing' is what confuses me; I think it refers to the large heap of something that resembled a cole slaw on top. Not what I was expecting but ok. Something in this assembly was extremely salty, I'm not sure if it was the cheese or the slaw, I was kind of in a state of disappointed awe that I had just ordered a bad $19 burger while my friends were eating what looked like much better meals. The meat was cooked medium-rare as ordered, but didn't have much flavor to it. The bun was stiff and dry, and not that great either. Overall it was just a big messy pile of stuff that didn't hold up well as it got towards the end.The fries were equally bad, overly fried and crunchy. Is that how pomme frites are supposed to be compared with regular fries? Either way they didn't make me happy, and I only ate a few.All of this, combined with the already stated price of $19(!!) made for not a great burger meal. I will also mention that my three friends who each ate different things were all quite disappointed with their meals, so at least I wasn't the only one. I have some friends that have come in to Comme Ca and left happy, but none of us can claim such a thing. If you're looking for a decent burger while in the Cosmo, Holstein's is clearly the better choice, but if you're into French food maybe you can take the challenge and find something you like here.
3	The food was good, but not great. I was slightly disappointed overall, especially with spending around 250 bucks (for two with wine, appetizers, desert, diner and cocktails)....grant-it we ate a lot of appetizers. Food servings were on the smaller side, which was fine for me. Ok...some more details...lets start with desert and go back.....creme brule was pretty yummy and so was the chocolate pot du creme. Dinner...I had the roasted chicken, which was very good and moist....the sort of mashed potatoes it was over was not. Appetizers: the steak tartar was very good, the french onion soup was ok, and the oxtail jam was very good. The rumble with muddled rasberries cocktail was awesome....overall yes the food was good, but not wow or super yummy. Would I go again? No
2	Loved the atmosphere  the table was ok. Sitting across from a known Vegas hair stylist and his party of hairdressers. Noticed waitstaff kissing their asses for about 15 mins and finally walked over to us.  Ordered steak which was my first error. Was delivered totally undercooked twice. Not sure if that was chefs special french  way of ruining your meal but  thats what you get in a new hotel. My date was laughing and enjoying my commentary about the situation because she was also a Chef in a nicer area restaurant.  Service was a joke but still gave a good tip for dealing with me.if your dining in the hotel go to STK or the other well known restaurants skip the french bistro.
4	First of all, the wine list is quite impressive. One could easily spend 10 minutes or so perusing it. A very good amount of excellent half bottles available as well. I opted for the prix fixe menu and was extremely satisfied with a wonderful green salad, (not ordinary in the least) Scottish salmon, (excellent presentation but a tad underdone, you may wish to specify medium to slightly less than), and a perfect creme brulee.If you are lucky to get a table by the window, the view is spectacular. The server was welcoming and seemed genuinely interested in having me enjoy a wonderful dining experience. (feel fortunate if your server's name begins with the letter R - I didn't ask if I could reveal her name for this review). If I could, I would give my experience 4.5 stars and not 5 only because of the slightly underdone salmon and the bread, while good (and the butter was of amazing quality), could have been a little fresher. Will definitely make another trip to this fine restaurant.
5	FOOD: I highly recommend ordering their fixed meal. Wow. Duck Confit Cinnamon Roll was AMAZING. Probably the most interesting, delicious, fun dish I've almost ever had in my life. Their Salmon Tartar was perfect. Their beet salad was light and fresh. Their steak frites believe it or not was the BEST steak I've had in my entire life. The steak was so tender and juicy and literally melted in my mouth. I wasn't too crazy about their croque madame, but that was probably because I was too full to eat after eating that massive duck confit cinnamon roll. Their creme brulee was standardly delicious, and their profiteroles were fun to look at and tasted better than it looked.AMIBIANCE:  There weren't too many people in the restaurant, but it definitely had a slightly higher class feel to it. (This restaurant is located at the Cosmopolitan Hotel)SERVICE:  The service was excellent. Our server was amazing. The hostess was professional. When walking by any staff members, they stepped to the side and let you pass by first. Very professional. I love it when restaurants teach their servers great manners and good restaurant etiquette.
5	Fabulous service, very attentive to my gluten-free needs (most dishes could be adapted).  The bone marrow was incredible, the oxtail jam could be it's own dish. Duck confit apitizer, foie gras and steak tartar rounded out a lovely dinner for two with the insanely rich chocolate pot de creme for dessert.
1	Went  12/24 7:30 PM  Have eaten here a few times before and the the food and service has gotten worse, to the point that we will never go back. There were six of us and all of us said the same thing that most all the food was very salty leaving some dishes inedible, even though some of us are saltaholics and love salt to excess. One salad was missing dressing the other salad with poached egg came with egg cooked to medium boiled instead. Mussels were way over cooked and unedible.oxtail jam with bone marrow was so salty could not eat it either. So many more problems with food you would think kitchen and staff would wonder why full plates were going back to kitchen but nobody seemed to care even when we complained. Ending with the bread being the best part of the meal. So if you like spending $500 for bread go here. One star given for bread.
5	My review favors the cocktails a little more than the food. If you like those speciality classy cocktails with quality spirits, come here! Food can be pricey. Their Mixologist are fantastic and knowledgeable. Great for happy hour... then stumble across to Secret Pizza.
3	We went here for my birthday dinner, We ordered the oxtail jam and bone marrow for an app. I had never had it before so i tried it twice and i did not care for it. The ox tail jam was very good. We complained about our wilted parsley on top of the jam and the waitress immediately brought it to the cooks attention and she brought out fresh parsley and chervil ha ha i wouldn't have known but my honey said it was a different plant. So i ordered the duck for $36 it was very good but over done and tiny it was half a duck breast. My bf had the mussels and fries that was so good the broth with the chorizo was the best.It was way too much food for him to eat. We got a comped desert for the wilted parsley, that we took home and was told it would take 20 min for the ice cream that goes with it we opted not to wait. Dinner was $120 for an app two entrees and one drink. a bit excessive for what we got i think.
1	This was my 2nd time at this restaurant.  First time just a few month ago.   Something was weird when we came in.  The other restaurants in the same are were packed and rocking.   Comme Ca was a ghost town.  The waiter was little wierd as well but this is Vegas. He recommeded the beef cheek, very tender and marinated for over 24 hrs.  Bottom line:  it was horrible.  I took 2 bites and sent it back.  Ordered the lamb shank instead.   My replacement meal was in front of me in less than 5 minutes...  Warning signs all over!!!    Sure enough, they destroyed the lamb, so overcooked that it was dry as cardboard.  It must have been sitting in the kitchen for hours.  After not eating, we asked for the desert menu.   We were handed the $110 check instead.   Something has happened in this place since i was there a few months ago.   Just one star for the view to the strip.   Avoid like the plague.
5	Brought two friends to Comme Ca yesterday and we had the five (5) course pre-fix bistronomy menu based on the recommendation of our server - Rebecca.1st course was a really nice lobster bisque (the seasoned pumpkin seeds made this dish)2nd was an extremely flavorful venison carpaccio (really enjoyed this dish, I am not a venison fan usually) 3rd was an amazing bacon wrapped swordfish (hands-down the best dish I have had in months - highlight of the meal for me) 4th was the "baby pig" (good pork belly but it wasn't overwhelmingly creative)The desert was chocolate beignets (nice rich chocolate flavor without being over powering).Overall a fantastic meal and dining experience!  The staff (managers and servers) were very helpful and attentive as they explained the items, the flavors, and wine pairing options.
5	Twice now I've dined here. Once last January and then again New Years Eve.. Both times were great service, wonderful food, and a memorable experience. I really love the presentation of each item we ordered, very chic, unique, and experimental. Our server was very attentive, made great suggestions, and friendly. He also paired our wine perfectly with our meal which the wine was simply a delight. I enjoyed the oysters, tuna, mushroom risotto, mushroom truffle , and the carrot sponge cake.. Great place to take a date or an afternoon brunch. Thank you
5	This review is for the lovely Sunday brunch. Comme Ca was featured on the Best of the Vegas on the 702 show, which was on a 24-hour loop in our hotel room. One viewing and I knew this had to be a stop among our culinary LV visits. Comme Ca sits at the top level of the swanky Cosmopolitan Hotel and boasts 360 views of the Strip. Redolent in its restrained elegance and attitude. Huge loft setting with well appointed seating, soothing grey tones and wrap-around windows with views of the Bellagio and the Strip. Beautiful, modern setting with very approachable prices and a welcoming environment. Comme Ca features exquisite French dishes without all the fanfare and hoopla. It's just all about great food, comfort, relaxation and fun times. Invariably, we started with the Formage Cheese Plate and some beautiful French wine. The cheese, toast and wine combination was the perfect precursor to our cosmic meal. The Croque Madame and the Quiche Du Jour were outstanding. Unlike some French joints, these dishes have staying power -- you will be full all day! The Croque Madame was wonderful. Toasted ham and gruyere cheese sandwich topped with a fried egg. Tastes as a good as it sounds! The egg cacaded down the sandwich without usurping the softness and essense of the brioche bread. The quiche was spectacular. Fluffy, creamy and well-seasoned eggs whipped and cooked to perfection, infused with gruyere cheese and leeks. Nothing like your typical cafe quiche. Both served with a fresh vinagarette salad. I highly recommend this wonderful French find with ravishing dishes by the brillant Chef David Meyers.
5	I love, love, loved this place.  The decor is modern, romantic and just really beautiful.  We sat right by the window, which was nice because it faces a great view of the LV strip.   And the food is spectacular.  I ordered the roasted chicken and a nice white wine to pair it with.  Everything was perfect.  Everyone at my table ordered something different, but it was all equally amazing and delicious.  We finished the meal off with the creme brulee and something chocolaty that I can't remember (!) and a few cappuccinos.  The meal was enjoying to the very last bite by our table.  The waitstaff here is also really great.  They are attentive and not too stuffy.  And I just found out they have a location here in Los Angeles, so I will definitely be going there when I find myself wanting French cuisine.
1	Terrible.  The food was meh... I mean, I guess it was okay.  When I go to a french restaurant, I sorta expect a better selection that steak and fries.  The food was certainly edible.  Average even.  But, the 1 star is because the service was abysmal.  Seriously, even if the food was the food of the gods, I'd have never set foot in the place again.  The service was better at the mess hall when I was in the army.  At least then, they actually treated you like you exist.  I'd have rather eaten pizza from a take out place.  Screw this place.
5	Dinner Service was really enjoyable.  The atmosphere was nice, not too loud but not silent either, it had a nice ambiance and our server was very prompt.To start the Bone Marrow with Oxtail Jam was extremely decadent, I extremely enjoyed it although you must be prepared for a higher calorie count on that particular item.  Secondly the Steak Tartare was wonderfully well done although the side pickled items resembled a miniature version of the pickled items at any Taqueria, which is not necessarily a bad thing per say.For my Entree I had the Beef Cheek which was well prepared being tender and moist.  The croquette that accompanied it had a nice light flavor to it.  She had a filet Mignon which again was well prepared, medium rare perfectly cooked.The view of the strip is gorgeous, and the space was ample.  Definitely a place worth looking into if you are a fan of the french genre.
4	Not knowing where to go and wanting to try a new place for dinner in Las Vegas, I took my customers to Comme Ca.  I didn't know what to expect but it's a beautiful restaurant on the third floor with a view of the strip.  It has a feel of in between something older and something trendy.  My customer ordered a bacon crab cake which he said was probably one of the best crab cakes he's had.  For entrees, they both had steak which they kept on saying delicious after every bite.  I had the duck confit which was on the sweeter side but nonetheless very good and salmon for entree.  I thought the salmon was on the smaller side but I definitely enjoyed it.  I really enjoyed the atmosphere in the restaurant, bustling, trendy, a perfect fit for Vegas, Comme Ca is a winner.  The service was good, attentive and something you expect from a great hotel.
3	Review based on restaurant BRUNCH service on a Sunday afternoon at 12 PM.I was lured in by the Duck Confit Cinnamon Roll and ended up getting the Pre Fixe $20 brunch menu which includes an app, main course, and dessert. Honestly I should have just gotten the cinnamon roll and been done with it because I definitely did not need to eat that much food.My friend and I were seated quickly, especially since there was hardly anyone else in the place. I will say that's okay because on The Strip most people are probably still sleeping of their hangovers at Noon on a Sunday. Our waitress quickly greeted us and took our drink order of two coffees. She was a very nice girl, although a bit spacey about coming around to check on us as our coffees got cold during the meal and had to be replaced with new ones.On to the meals. I got the Pre Fixe. Started with the cinnamon roll that comes with a side of pork belly (picture added). I must say it did not disappoint me, it was decadent and delicious. I did not eat all of it for fear I would never be able to finish the rest of my meal. On to the quiche du jour, which that day was bacon, spinach, and cheese. I must say the quiche was undeniably delicious. It was perfectly cooked with a flaky pastry crust. It was not heavy, nor was it too light. The spinach was perfect and addicting. And lastly I somehow managed to have a few bites of my profiteroles. They were perfectly served with drizzled chocolate sauce and outstanding ice creams which are made on-site. The pistachio was definitely my favorite.So everything was delicious correct? Correct. Unfortunately the service was lackluster. Two coffees getting cold over and over again is just not a good sign. Especially when the restaurant is so empty! And lastly, as it must be mentioned my friend ordered the Ox Tail Eggs Benedict and alas, somehow, someway they left out the Ox Tail! How is that possible? I have no idea.I do love Comme Ca and I have written glowing reviews in the past. However, my first dining experience was not the best. I will not rule them out though because the food was very good and I enjoy their bar and cocktail happy hours. I will try it again because I still want to try their famous hamburger. I just hope service is a bit better next time.
5	Yeah, I finally did it...I gave a restaurant five stars.From the moment we walked up to the hostess table to the end of the night, I have nothing but props to the entire team at Comme Ca...from the hostess to our waitress to the manager. And, yes, this was during the nightmare trade show that is CES, but guess what...unlike another restaurant that obviously doesn't know how to handle crowds and be accommodating, the folks at Comme Ca not only know, but do it with finesse. Amazing.Our waitress, Kim, was adorable. From the moment we sat down, she set the tone of what our evening would be like...light-hearted and fun. She made recommendations for food without being overly pushy, was totally knowledgeable about the specialty drinks and the food, and pretty much was able to joke around with everyone at the table. She was exactly what an amazing waitress should be.Okay, now for the food. Again, I had a party of eight for the evening. With the round of drinks handled quickly, we dove right into ordering a variety of appetizers...and while taking in the libations, the bread...yum. We pretty much had to stop ourselves from gorging on the bread so we would have room for the actual food. Appetizers...we shared a bunch of stuff including the beet salad, mussels and a few items from the sides menu. Just WOW...in a good way. It was almost the point where we were all considering cancelling our entrees for more appetizers, but we came to our senses.Entrees...everything from steak to burgers to duck. And, let me say this to describe our meal...silence, because we were too busy eating. How many times does that happen in a big party? I rarely repeat a visit to a restaurant in Vegas...similar to New York City, because there are so many choices, you really don't have to, right? Well, Comme Ca is on my list to re-visit when I get the chance. It's just that good.
4	Overall enjoyed this place for lunch. We did the $20 special and had TONS of food. I started with the beet salad, which I enjoyed. It was sweet and tangy and a good size. My husband tried the duck confit cinnamon roll and thought it was great - sweet and savory. Next, I had the croque madame with gruyere cheese. This was huge and creamy and I couldn't finish it but I really wanted to. My husband had the steak fries - the steak was overcooked the first time so we sent it back. The second attempt was fine - the herbed butter made it "real good".Finally, I had the creme brule and my husband had puff pasteries with ice cream. Both had tons of real vanilla and were excellent. We paid $66 for everything (sprite to drink) but 5+ hours later we are both very full and the food was great. Give it a shot!
3	This was Frenchie night number 2... I chose this place after hearing the many reviews of the sister restaraunt in LA, and of Chef David Myers.We got the 5 course tasting menu...two of us had the wine pairing - prices were decent for a prix fixe - $75 w/o vino 115 w/ vino.Scenery - decent view of the strip. We were located a couple of tables down and the view from the restaraunt was pretty nice, but we are spoiled. I always try to get a view of the strip when I stay at the Cosmopolitan, so seeing it from 40-60 floors up on a balcony is spoiling, but for first timers (not dates) you will love the view. I say no dates, because you get caught up if you like people watching the LV strip.First and foremost - me and my gf were Frenchied out from the night before but this was French Food Las Vegas weekend so...getting into the menu:We had the autumn Prix Fixe and yes it was varied.Pairing were ok, nothing spectacular especially after many of my LA friends said to go to the one in LA. I can say one dish did not amaze me and that was a swordfish. I am picky about my fish and was surprised as this stood out from the rest of the dishes. It just wasnt that good. Plain, heavy, and was not complemented by the Riesling that they served with it.The other plates were decent but we ate at Robuchon the night before... so that completely jaded our French experience!
5	Comme Ca brunch rocks!! They have a $20 pre fixe menu with multiple selections for app, entree, and dessert. I ordered the duck confit cinnamon bun, quiche, and creme brulee. The duck cinnamon bun sounded so different, I had to try it. I like that balanced mixing of sweet and savory. It was really good and it was a large portion. My two guests had a bite and I still saved half of it. Next, the quiche was delicious. The homemade crust on the quiche was oh so buttery.  Again, a really large portion and another half saved.The creme brulee was just as expected and nothing stand out. I wish it was flavored with earl grey or lavender or another kid of floral. Even though you can't really taste it, the smell of it would have been nice. Some notes about service. They are a little casual but it's cool. They are not over the top and you can actually carry a conversation with them. I think it's funny that they all wear these red plaid shirts. I think it looks american country but I guess it could also be like French country.So with my leftover bun and quiche I saved it for lunch the next day. Both items held up and tastes almost better. I've been for dinner on a previous occasion and loved the dinner menu too. I drool over the bone marrow dish and the beef tartare. I would totally recommend this place for lunch and dinner. It's not crazy busy and I hope it stays open. I would hate for this gem to leave Vegas.Oh yes, next time I will sit at the bar and people watch. I've sat at the window and it's nothing special for me. It might be better at night.
4	Fabulous place!The mini French baguettes are adorable and delicious.We ordered:1. The oysters (heaven!)2. Beef cheek (super tender)3. Mussels (Super delicious and fragrant and garlicky--this would be my top recommendation!)
4	We had an excellent meal on a Saturday night at Comme Ca. The atmosphere is exactly as a French brasserie in Las Vegas should be-- a little bit French, a little bit Vegas. The service was excellent, except that it was very slow and the first time they delivered our entrees, one of them was not the correct item. However, without having to complain, a manager promptly came over, profusely apologized and comped BOTH of the entrees (which was the equivalent of about $75). If we had been in a hurry, it would have been troubling, but we wanted a leisurely meal anyway, so we were happy. The oysters were excellent, our entrees were yummy, and the caramelized bananas on the chocolate beignet dessert were something special. I can't wait to go back!
2	Steak was not cooked properly. Ordered medium rare and come out over-cooked, with a slightly light pink center. The edges of the steak weren't even pink. Extremely over salted. Could barely enjoy the meal because everything was so salty. Had a good experience eating at the one in Los Angeles, but this was not worth a second trip.
5	Modern French bistro American style tucked away on the third floor in the Cosmopolitan Hotel.  Superb location as it overlooks the Strip, has floor to ceiling windows letting in lots of natural light.  However you could also sit near the front of the restaurant which is darker and more tavern-like.  I'd been wanting to try the Comme Ca burger since we visited the Melrose location so I was really looking forward to dining here.  I knew their cocktails were solid so that justified the $15 price tag ($15 is average in Vegas; the question becomes whether it is worth the $15) - I had the Aviation (gin, lemon, infused cherry) which was strong and refreshing albeit a bit small.  Then the Prohibition Punch - really liked it and was more along the lines of what I was looking for - crisp, sweet, refreshing but strong. Actually this was my favorite place for specialty cocktails; definitely superior to La Cave or Sage IMHO.  Then we had the oysters to start, and while I am not a huge oyster fan, these were very good, fresh, tasty.  Then the burger medium rare which was excellent.  Fries are pretty close to perfect - crunchy on the outside but soft on the inside.  The aioli is the string that ties it all together.  Will return for sure.
4	Chef David Myers might have his celebrity name attached to Comme Ca but the man behind the innovative touch and savory cuisine is Chef Brian Howard. His exploration in the kitchen is best sampled in trying the pre-fixe lunch and dinner menus which change seasonally. They are very reasonably priced, three-courses from $20 at brunch and $50 at dinner. For the strip this is fantastic. Check their website for current offer. All time favs is the Cinnamon Duck Bun.
4	Had a great lunch at CommeCa. Nice sunlit dining area.  Ask for a table with a view of the Strip. Great French Bistro food. Nothing fancy but tasty good quality food. MOULES FRITES to kill for. Scottish Salmon was well prepared and presented. Other people in the party had a great food too. Service was pleasant and attentive.Will come back!
5	This place is excellent- everything was delicious, the service was amazing and the location is gorgeous! I actually ordered the lambshank and it was literally fall off the bone.  It was also a HUGE portion. I got the steak tartare appetizer as well and although it was tasty, it was REALLY lemony. Luckily I love excess lemon and sour so I enjoyed it.  They even came with pickled onions and pickles and other pickled root veggies and that was really tasty but I must warn you that it's also very lemony.. to the point that it burned my lips because I guess they had cracked a little from the wind. Either way, if you want a nice restaurant in a beautiful hotel with a gorgeous view, definitely come by here and enjoy a meal.
5	BEST.MEAL.EVER!  Seriously.  I went with a party of 4 and every one of us was blown away by what we ordered.  And we each ordered something different!  The mussels were the best I have EVER had----and that was without the chorizo (I don't eat red meat).  I cannot even begin to imagine the flavors that chorizo would add.  Wow!  The croque monsieur was fantastic.  The bread was so moist and sweet, it almost tasted like cake.  The salmon tartare was at once clean and incredibly flavorful.  And the cinnamon duck bun was SHEER GENIUS.  We were so blown away that we went back the next day and had the scottish salmon salad.  Very simple, but incredibly delicious.  And the specialty cocktails were amazing!  Be sure to check out the High Rise!  The next time I'm in Vegas, Comme Ca will be my very first stop!
4	Good dining experience.  We had Brittany as our server and she definitely went above and beyond to make the experience a memorable one!  The view of the strip is great and the food is delicious with a good presentation.
4	Fantastic atmosphere with great service. If you are looking for a romantic setting be sure yo request a table by the window due to a lot of the tables in the middle of the room being close together. The bone marrow with ox tail was amazingly savory and had a fantastic texture. The lamb chops were huge and honestly did not taste gammy at all. I would definitely recommend the salmon which was cooked perfectly.My only complaint was that we were in a rush to see a show and it took quite a while to get our food even though we had a rush order put on it.
4	i'm not much of a drinker. yeah, that's really an understatement. somehow my already sub-standard drinking ability of my 20s went from 5 to now somewhere in the 0 and negatives, depending on the day/time/alcohol.HOWEVER, comme ca has the most AWESOME drink EVER and even a lightweight like me is in love. the RAMBLE is now my best friend, my confidante, and i'm so sad that it lives so far away.Plan A: to recreate this amazing drink.Plan B: to win the lottery so i can randomly go to vegas to get my favorite drink on.(oh, the salmon tartare is also quite yummy...and if they ask you if you want bread, so YES!)
5	This is one of the best French restaurants I've been to. Nice atmosphere, great view of the strip, excellent service, and delicious food. Comme Ca is a complete dining experience in Las Vegas and a must-visit restaurant if you're visiting from out of town. If you're looking for a restaurant with a great view of the Strip, this is it! Perfectly placed in the Cosmopolitan hotel, you get a close up view of the strip from above, not too far away and without the foot traffic. It is quite a romantic setting, so definitely bring a date. The portions are fairly generous and just the right amount. Try the braised lamb shank and the Scottish salmon. A mixed greens salad on the side to share would be perfect.
5	Absolutely amazing food.  My girlfriend and I stumbled upon this restaurant randomly and decided to try it out for their $20 Prix Fixe lunch special.  This included an appetizer, entree, and dessert.  I decided to try the croque madame even though I've never liked ham, and it was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.  On the same trip we went to Wolfgang Puck's Spago and Postrio, as well as D.O.C.G. next door, but Comme Ca was by far the outstanding favorite.
3	Food: 4/5. Service: 3/5. underwhelming.
5	The only reason I ever wanted to go to Comme Ca was for their steak tartare. Didn't get a chance to go to the one in LA so I settled for the one in Vegas.My disclaimer: review based on steak tartare alone.SO. DAMN. GOOD. I've never really had steak tartare with the whole mayo thing and capers (?,. I won't lie.. I was buzzed) but it was so delicious. And the pickles on the side complemented so well.Since I can't remember if there were capers in it or not.. I guess I'll hafta go back to refresh my memory (and try other stuff) :]
4	My husband and I enjoyed this restaurant for dinner one night and came back again for the cheese plate and wine.  The terrace this time of year is gorgeous and the views of the strip are unbeatable.  Each time we went, the waiters were very attentive.  The one we had for dinner was very knowledgeable about wine and made some very good food and wine pairings for us.  The food was prepared to perfection.  We enjoyed the scallops for dinner.  The cheese plate was beautifully prepared and exceptional flavors.  Great location, easy to find and service is top notch.
4	I have been there for brunch on the weekend and the dinner service during the week. The salads are all good. The foie gras is exceptional. The oysters mmm words can not describe. The chicken was perfect, but on brunch oh the roll with bacon and duck confit was AMAZING.
4	Should be 4.5 starsWent for an early dinner last Friday night after getting into town that afternoon. Everything was perfect.Drinks are wonderful. Light and refreshing and a little sweet. We tried several, including the Diamond Fizz, Ginger Joy and the Hemingway Daiquiri. All delicious.For food we started with the Crab Cake BLT. Really different while still being a crab cake. Nice flavors and perfect to split. I had the fish special which was pan seared trout on top of cauliflower and marcona almonds in beurre blanc. The man had the burger and fries. Both were out of this world, made in the classic French tradition.For dessert we had one of the specials whose name escapes me. Homemade ice cream with a bit of chocolate. Again, perfect to split.This place is great! Really nice French bistro experience. And the view of the strip from the tables is a lot of fun.
5	The dining room was in use for a corporate event, a boring collection of mortgage brokers. But we were readily seated at the bar for a blitzkrieg through the appetizer menu. Foie gras was perfect. Roasted bone marrow, duck confit with blueberries, steak tartare, and more. They treated us like stars. The on duty chef, John, spent a generous portion of his time with us. It was fantastic. A great evening. I am going to try to replicate Nate's (the bartender) bourbon cocktail (Thyme for Bourbon) for friends this weekend. Since we were focused on Nate's considerable mixological prowess, we didn't have wine. Nonetheless, the wine list appeared to be truly formidable. The head Sommelier  is a notable fellow. Next time I will have to settle in for a full meal and a couple of bottles of wine. A serious spot for culinary and viticultural experiences, but definitely with a price tag. am looking forward to going back.
4	I went here with a large group for a work dinner.  We started off with some cheese and meat platters!  The cheese platter was great, the meats were ok.  My coworker and I split a few things, we got the beet salad to start with which was great.  Then we split the Roasted Chicken and Risotto entrees.  The Risotto had oysters in which I loved!  It was amazing and I would definitely order it again.  The chicken was juicy and flavored well.  If I had to pick one dish I would go with the Risotto.  For dessert we split the Tarte au chocola au caramel - english toffee, caramelized popcorn ice cream which was also amazing!  I would definitely come back here again if I were in Vegas!  There's also one in LA!
5	We had a great time and the food, world class super.  We had meals from the brand new menu on the first day they were serving from it.  I had trout with awesome crustiness and tasty sauce.  The pasta was the best ever.
4	I was full even before I came here. Landed in Vegas, it's almost 10pm, and some friends (not very knowledgable about food and prices) decided to come here to eat. They were obviously not smart that it's pricey here, or they were completely drunk.Regardless I had an amazing time, and definitely would return to eat their entrees.  Started with a nice drink that was mixed very well, it was a mojito type drink.  The beau and I shared the salmon tartar, escargot and some pomme frites.  It was all very good. Bold flavors.
1	We were incredibly disappointed with the food here. We ordered oysters (at least they were fresh and hard to screw up), steak tartare which was pre-made and fairly tasteless. Then we has the duck which was again nothing to write home about and the mussels. Let me wax poetic about these mussels. They came with chorizo which was minced and sprinkled over the mussels. It looked like the mussels threw up on themselves. Then all I could taste was the chorizo which made the broth incredibly oily and the chorizo didn't even taste good. I would have forsaken the seafood flavor for the sausage (as I do love sausage) but quite honestly this was gross. I would never go back. One plus is that we had a nice waitress. Don't bother to eat here.
5	Simply the best service, ambience, food and location! We had our belated Valentine's dinner here and found a place we shall return to over and over again.
4	Good food, outstanding service, and a lovely view.The bf brought me here for my birthday and we got a table by the window looking over the strip.  We were immediately brought this amazing bread and softened butter.  I had to force myself not to eat the whole thing.  For a starter we had the bone marrow and oxtail jam.  By far this is the best thing on the menu.  You get a bone with the marrow that's been broiled accompanied by this little pot of oxtail "jam" which is oxtail stewed in this sauce and topped with parsley and capers.  This is served with these tiny crositini.  AMAZING!!  This is a very rich appetizer but the fresh parsley and capers help cut the richness and make it a very memorable dish.We also split the beet salad topped with smoked salmon.  It consisted of wedges of roasted beets and a few slices of smoked salmon with a two dollops of cream cheese.  The mustard/horseradish dressing cut the richness and gave it lots of tang.For the main course, I got the mussels and the bf got the skate.  The mussels I got were unfortunately not done cooking as I could taste the unburned off alcohol.  I felt bad I had to send it back but the uncooked taste was hard to manage.  The staff was really nice about it and when the refired mussels came back they were great.  I liked the bf's fish as well- not fishy, had some crunch from its cornmeal crust.  Although these entrees were good, they were still overshadowed by the amazing bone marrow and oxtail.Overall, this place is very pricey but worth the service and quality of food.  I'd highly recommend it for a romantic night or a special celebration.  If you can't afford a full meal here, go to try the oxtail/bone marrow I keep raving about and get a glass of wine to wash it down.
3	What Happened?Comme Ca is my fav mid priced French restaurant in my home town of West Hollywood, but here LV they have fallen off the path.I took friends to the one here in Vegas, and was disappointed at best.1st.-The new menu is French-ehhh-sorta with very few traditional items.2nd-They are a bit full of themselves with pricing. ( and I am not cheap, our check for 4 was 650.00)3rd-There were NO green items on the side dishes, mash, mac/ncheese/ beans/ no asparagus, not even spinach, we had to beg the waiter to find something. By the way Nick did get us Spinach. But I am sure he was hassled in the Kitchen. CHEF BIG MISS!4th-The beer cheese grits maybe one of the worst dishes I have ever been served at a restaurant! Terrible flour texture, overly strong beer taste and a bitter aftertaste that will make you make a sour face. Embarrassingly bad, I felt like I was on an episode of Kitchen Nightmares. Here's what is great.  Servers (ours was Nick) was well trained and help the chef by presenting the meals (Even when things went south). Lobster Thermador may be the best lobster dish I have had in many years.Mac and cheese is to die for (But is it french?).All in all I am sad to say that there are better french restaurants in LV and I am hard pressed to recommend. Hopefully they will go back to basics.E
4	This is really a 3.5 Star review but i had a great time so it gets a 4 star overall.Came here for lunch b/c a few friends never been to the Cosmo casino.  it was lunch time and the restaurant was nearly empty. I wouldnt normally get french for lunch either so i'm sure its quite packed for dinner...cocktail~ Ginger Joy: 7.5/10comes w/ a candied piece of ginger w/ sugar rim...only a slight taste of ginger flavor so its not overpowering. unless u hate ginger, this is a good choice.appetizers~shrimp cocktail: 6.5/10the shrimps arent as large as other fancy places so its gets a lower ratingDuck Cinnamon Roll: 8.5/10i was skeptical about this dish but very happy to have gotten it....it was a cinnamon roll with pieces of duck inside the roll....then crispy duck on top of the cinnamon frosting, with two strips of duck on the side....the sweet and savory had a good supplementary taste, it worked out great...my friends ordered the 3 course prefixassorted cheese: 7/10french onion soup: 8/10the soup wasnt too salty like some other french onions...the cheese was rich!!!french dip: 7.5/10big portions....had good creamy horseradish sauce, yummm...i got the pork belly Binh Mi sandwich 7/10for those that dont  know what a binhmi is, its a viet sandwich that usually cost bout 3-4 dollars at places like Lee's Sandwiches...i was thinking the french would add their own flair to this sandwich and impress me....NOOOO, it was a BinhMi sandwich w/ better meat inside!!!!....came w/ fries...but cant justify costing 18.00 for it....needless to say, it wasnt 6 times better than a Lee's Sandwich...maybe shoulda add some goose pate and a sunnyside egg to it?service was excellent...and since we had most of the restaurant to ourselves we acted like idiots, and had a great dining experience!!!!
3	I wear my heart upon my sleeve, like a big dealYour love pours down on me, surrounds me like a waterfallAnd there's no stopping us right nowI feel so close to you right now at... COMME CA! - Calvin Harris (feel so close)I decided to come here a little after they opened to avoid the busy crowd and get my food as fast as possible as I just landed and was hungry. I wanted a burger and i already tried holstein's so i came here instead. For a simple meal such as burgers, you would think it would come in a timely manner, but it took over half an hour and there was maybe 3 other tables including ours? When the burger came, the meat was warm but the home-made bread bun was somewhat cold. I'm not sure if that was intentional but it was kind of odd. Including the look of the cheese, it looks like the burgers sat on the line for a while. How could they let this happen when the restaurant isn't busy at all? I expected more since their restaurant in LA is supposed to be really good too but it wasn't meant to be. The rest of the menu didn't seem overly exciting either. If you are staying at the cosmo, check out the other restaurants before you come here.Food: 3 stars --- Service: 3 stars --- Atmosphere: 4 stars --- Price(value): 3 stars
4	Had a lovely work lunch at Comme Ca when I was in town for a conference.  It was a nice somewhat pricey (though not so much for Vegas) French restaurant.  The food was very good-- big portions, great French flavors, and delish creme brulee, but the service was so slow.  We were feeling very rushed by the time the meal ended to run back for our meeting.
3	Comme Ca reminded me of many restaurants in Vegas... Good, but not great and definitely not worth what they are charging.The drinks at the bar were inventive and tasty and our server was fantastic, but the execution of the food was just a bit off.  For example, my husband got the duck confit to start and it was simply not prepared correctly.  Confit should mean fall off the knife/fork tender... but this meat was tough.  He needed a knife to cut it... That simply not right.  And my tomato and goat cheese tart almost had the feel of a pizza.  It wasn't light and flaky at all.  The main dishes were better - but given the price, I just expected more.
4	3.75 stars-Sat outside and loved it, had a great view of the strip-Service was friendly and attentive-Try the oysters, beet salad, mixed green salad (huge portion), steak frits and creme brulee. Our market fish was a branzino but presentation was messy and it lacked flavor-Huge dining space, we got in without a reservation during peak dining hours-Decently priced meal for vegas as I split everything between 2 people
4	Came here with reservations on a Saturday night. The restaurant wasn't full at all. The ambience was great and it has a very nice view of the strip. The balcony is perfect for those who want to take pictures.The food here was amazing. We ordered the escargot and bone marrow for appetizers. The portions aren't that big, but the food itself is ver ywell prepared. The bonemarrow went nicely with the oxtail jam that it is accompanied with and the escargot was perfect.For the meals, my friends and I got the Comme Ca Burger, marinated lamb, hand cut pasta, and the Filet Mignon. My brother commented that it was one of the best burgers that he had. It was bustling with flavor and the meat was cooked to perfection. The filet was tender that it practically melted in your mouth. Only thing is, that's exactly what it is. Filet Mignon. No sides or anything. The lamb was marinated to perfection. The flavor was amazing. It wasn't too gamey and it was moist and seasonsed very well. The handcut pasta was also great. It was accompanied with ground beef and carrots..but you could really tell that it was handmade pasta.For dessert, we ordered the banana chocolate beignet and that was also excellent.They have a large wine and beer selection. Perhaps next time we can try a pre-fixe meal. 4 stars because the service wasn't impeccable. Especially for a place like this, you'd expect it to be nothing less than perfect, especially because it wasn't at all full. Our server was nice, but she was distracted and rarely came to our table.All in all, we had a really nice experience here. I'd definitely come again.
2	Sadness.  I hate to rate this a 2 star but I must, & here is why.  1.  We ordered our food and it took forever to arrive.  We each did the 3 course quick lunch.  First course came out quickly.  Our second course (sandwiches) took another 45 minutes!  So an hour into lunch & we have had 1 course.  2.  The food came out cold.  Yes folks, cold.  Sadness because we know how good the food can be...we have eaten at the Comme CA in Los Angeles!The only good thing is after complaining to the manager, they took one of our lunches off our ticket.  We have met Chef David and know how good his food is.  We were so disappointed today!  Chef is in town this weekend for Vegas Uncorked.   We thought service would be top notch because he is in town. Not sure if we will return to this location in the future.
5	I came here yesterday with a groupon that just started. I called to make the reservation and make sure I could use the groupon; they were courteous and made our reservation right away. The restaurant was easy to find, looked amazing, and had very friendly staff. We were seated right away even though we were a few minutes late for our reservation. The restaurant was not full at all and our servers were very attentive. I felt like I didn't have to lift a finger while I was there! I have never been to such a fancy restaurant but I loved it! Lol our view of the strip was beautiful and the dinner was delicious. My husband and I each had the steak frites. I think mine wad a little undercooked but it was still delicious. The menu is pricey but I think when I can afford it I will definitely be back. It was a great date night/dinner.
3	Came here for one of my good friends birthday, we were seated outside in a fantastic dining area with an perfect view of the Eiffel Tower, overlooking the Strip. Our server was very friendly and attentive and started us out with some cocktails, I definitely recommend the Sunflower and the Penicillin. We ordered a couple apps, including the oxtail jam which was amazing, and the escargot was delicious as well. We all ended up ordering fish, I went with the Striped Sea Bass which I feel fell short on taste, I enjoyed my veggies more than the fish and ended up eating half of my dinner. Honestly there wasn't anything on the menu that I would need to come back to try, if I came back it would be to sit outside for some cocktails.
1	I am so incredibly disappointed in the way Comme Ca handles the Groupon. I spent $51 on my Groupon to get two meals $32 each, plus a bottle of rose wine. Total Groupon value was to be $103. We splurged and ordered an appetizer, extra meal options plus a dessert. When the bill came they only subtracted the $51. I questioned the waitress and she got the general manager. He was a horrible mathematician and tried to explain that I don't know how a Groupon works. I told him I expect to pay for my additional items but that my meal should be covered as per the Groupon rules. He kept telling me I just didn't understand that the Groupon is only worth $16/meal for him and maintained I didn't understand. He finally got so mad that he barked at me that he would pay the difference himself to make it work. When the check returned it appeared as a City Center discount for $51. While the food was good I will avoid eating here based on honesty alone. It totally ruined the experience for me.
4	-Saturday night, (5/26/12) right before the dinner rush.When you first walk back into the dining area of Comme Ca, you notice the magnificent view of the strip, highlighted by floor to ceiling windows around two sides of the restaurant.  We were fortunate enough to get a table right by the window overlooking the boulevard.  It is hard not to look at the sights below, but as you look around the restaurant you notice a very clean, well put together bistro.  There is even a small outside dining area but these tables were already taken.  The wait staff is attentive and our waiter presented himself within a few moments.  I started off with an "improved whiskey cocktail" which was a mixture of rye whiskey, absinthe, and maraschino with a lemon twist. This is an inspired combination. Who knew absinthe would mesh so well with whiskey?  I'm sure now that absinthe is becoming more main stream, there will be many more pleasing flavor combinations to come.For starters, we ordered with 3 Kuchi and 3 Kampachi oysters ($18) (although they had a wide variety to choose from), French onion soup with melted gruyere cheese ($10) and a mixed greens salad with toasted hazelnuts and goat cheese ($9).  The oysters were market fresh and served with sides of vinaigrette and horseradish.  While the salad and soup did not disappoint, they are traditional preparations with no surprises.  The bread basket is small with only two artisanal French rolls.  One had Nicoise olives baked into it and was delicious.  They will keep refilling the basket throughout the meal but the entrees are worth saving your appetite for.  For the main meal, we ordered the Atlantic skate with giant white beans ($28) and the crispy striped bass with basil pesto ($30).  The fish was well prepared.  The skate came with a bright and savory romesco sauce, which is a Spanish sauce made with garlic and roasted red peppers.  It went well with the white beans and moist skate.  The bass was served over a basil pesto sauce with a side of artichoke barigoule (a kind of artichoke stew).  The portions were on the smaller side but the taste was excellent.For desert, we split the Tarte au Chocolate au carmel with English toffee and caramelized popcorn ice cream ($9).  Although this dish sounded so good on the menu, it turned out to be a rather small messy mix of the above ingredients that did not mesh well together.  It was clearly the most disappointing dish of the night.The restaurant has a lively bistro style atmosphere here unlike more formal French style restaurants.  The service did slow down somewhat when the restaurant began to get more crowed but the waiter was very good at keeping us informed of what was going on in the kitchen.  Overall, I would give the restaurant 4 stars.  I like french food and Comme Ca is a good quality French style restaurant with a few surprises and a few flaws but none of the pretension and overinflated prices of some others on the strip.  It is worth checking out.
5	Went back over Memorial Day Weekend and our meal was superb!Cocktails: Aviation (great version of a classic), Dark & Stormy (tastes hand crafted, not like something you could make yourself which is normally my experience)Starters: Cauliflower soup special - out of this world!Mains: Lobster Thermidor - absolutely worth whatever the MP is that night - unbelievable!, Bass fish special with artichokes - not too light but not heavy and the sauce complemented the artichoke perfectlyAfter dinner Cocktail - can't remember what it was but the server recommended it and it was extraordinaryService - excellent - the gentlemen knew the menu backwards and forwards and was always spot on with timingWe will absolutely be back every time we are in Vegas.
5	We had a fantastic meal here last night. I'm quickly realizing that French is one of my favorite types of foods.The lamb and filet were melt in your mouth good and the mac and cheese was probably my favorite part of the meal.
4	As always, I saw the Groupon for this place and just couldn't pass up the opportunity. We came here yesterday evening for date night. I ordered the filet with bleu cheese and my fella got the leg of lamb. We shared the mac n cheese and whipped potatoes. I wasn't a fan of the potatoes. They were just a little too blah. The mac n cheese were fantastic. My fella especially enjoyed the breadcrumb crust that added a nice texture and flavor. My filet was cooked well and was extremely flavorful. My fella's lamb was really great as well. After my first bite, the lamb took the lead as my favorite for the evening, but my filet made quite the comeback toward the end of the meal. Although, everything tastes better with a bottle of wine!The restaurant is well-placed and has a nice view of the strip. Really nice for a date night or there were quite a few bachelor and bachelorette parties seated around the restaurant as well. This restaurant was definitely better than I expected.
5	One of friends who used to live here, came back to visit, so a group of us decided to hit up Comme Ca tonight to celebrate his arrival.  This French restaurant offers one of the most up close, personal and awesome views of Planet Hollywood, Paris and the rest of the strip.  When making the reservations, it was made very clear to sit close up to the windows, just not outside and our seats were choice!  Comfortable booths overlooking the bright lights of PH.  Although I can't remember his name, our server was very cordial and knowledgeable about the menu.  I appreciated his personality and his sense of urgency.Tonight, I got the Berkshire pork for $34 accompanied with a glass of Pinot Grigio for $15.  The dish included three parts of the Berkshire, spring veggies which includes grilled cocktail onions, beets, baby carrots, radishes and Lima beans.  There was a little mustard seed jus around the plate to compliment the dish.  For the three cuts of pork, I got pork of the rack, grilled pork belly and tete de cochon.  If you're not familiar, tete de cochon is shaved pork meat from the head of the pig, along with head cheese (meat jelly from the head) braised to a tender serving and formed into a little disk size portion on the plate.  I have to say, although I love a good grilled pork belly, the highlight of the dish was the tete de cochon.  It was super tender and the head cheese offered a lot of marbleized flavor, which I can always appreciate.  If you're a fan of pork, I would highly recommend this dish to try. For me, this night was fantastic.  Our service was spot on, the view added to a great experience, the food tasted wonderful and the best part about it: I didn't have to pay! LOL.
2	Husband and I came here for our anniversary, we had the groupon for 2 meals and a bottle of Rose... The menu seemed rather small and there wasn't many choices to pick from. I had the steak frites and husband had the chicken. The fries were delicious, but the steak was bland. It had no flavor, was pink in the middle even though I specifically said I wanted it well, and our waiter was really attentive and kept checking up on us... which was nice, but annoying at the same time. Can I at least attempt to enjoy my crappy steak without being interrupted every few minutes? My husband ate half of his chicken and said it was gross, so he was done... I tried it out, sure enough, it was too moist... almost as if it wasn't cooked all the way. Rose was an interesting wine, but from now on, I just need to stick to my moscato. Maybe I'm just too picky, who knows. I just wasn't impressed. the prices were just too high and the food just wasn't worth it. I honestly would never in a million years pay full price for what we ate, it just wasn't that great. Definitely wish we would have just went to outbacks steakhouse.However, the view was amazing. The atmosphere and decorations were really nice, and the staff were friendly.For those of you with groupons that want to come here... If you want to order a meal that's more than the $32 allowed, they only take off $16 from that meal, instead of $32... makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. The pork cost $34... you would think that if I had ordered that, I'd only have to pay $2 more, right? wrong! that pork would have costed $18. This whole thing makes no sense to me.
4	We were looking for a place to go before the Snow Patrol concert at the Boulevard Pool and ended up here. Super trendy, most of the waiters and hostesses are probably models on the side, and the decor is what my dream apartment would look like. A lot of the menu skews a little seafoody, so if you love all things de la mer, you've found your place. For those of us that like their turf much more than surf, here's the highlights:-- At 6:30pm on a Saturday in May, they sat us immediately, and by the window so we could enjoy the remarkable view. Huge thumbs up.-- I will dream of that cheese platter for the rest of my life. Even if $15 for three cheeses seems a little steep, just freaking order it. I am so doing the full five cheese next time I go.-- Bring your Identity card to earn points!-- A+ view of the Strip. -- Steak-frites - the fries were fabulous, but the steak was not the best I've had. A tad bit chewy. Next time I'm going with the filet mignon. -- Chocolate beignettes for dessert - just don't burn your tongue on the hot chocolate heaven in the middle. Pretty solid restaurant. Two of us had appetizers, steak-frites and dessert for about $100. It's a Strip price but it's a great restaurant. Perfect for locals to take family & friends from out of town or date night during your Vegas vacation.
5	I travel to Vegas 2-3 times a year...I am always, and I mean always, disappointed with the restaurants I visit. However on my last trip I was at the cosmo placing some wagers in the sports book, I had 3 hours to kill before the games started and I found Comme ca for lunch. I fell in love. Great staff, excellent food, just all around top notch. It was so good, I went back for dinner the next night and was not disappointed. Can't wait to visit again soon.
2	As per the strip, mediocre food at high prices, only difference from other places was that the service was great.We had the Groupon for dinner for 2, we both ordered the steak frites, one with fries, one with salad. The salad was good and the fries were alright the steak was very mediocre and cooked medium - medium well rather than medium rare.The rose was okay but was a cheap bottle worth around $10 outside of this restaurant, charged $38 normally.Bottom line, the price that they would charge without the Groupon is NOT worth it. The view was lovely as was the service but still... Not worth it. Skip this and try somewhere else.
1	Waaay overpriced and the portion sizes are a joke. I ordered the Berkshire pork, $35, and the meat was about the diameter of a silver dollar and 1/2 inch thick. Side dishes, which they say are for sharing, about 1/2 cup each.So loud in the restaurant you really can't talk to each other.
1	Was recommended this spot by a good friend who claimed to have had one of the best meals of her life here. Looked up the menu and also notice they had some classic cocktails by the famous Sam Ross. Seemed like a win win to me!However, when we got there on Monday evening we had asked to sit on the patio. The hostess proceeds to seat us in the very far corner behind a huge pillar where nobody could see us. We asked to sit at a table that was closer to dining civilization but she insisted we had this secluded table, even though every other person on that patio was in the same section facing the blvd. After waiting for about 20 minutes for service or any kind of acknowledgment we were back there, a bus boy literally stumbled upon us. I could tell he was startled to see us, and said he had no idea we were back there. We moved inside and informed the woman manager about what happened and her insincere response was "can I buy you a round and we can start over?"  We were fine with that but when she sat us at another table she told us to tell our server that our round would be taken care of. Was she serious?! Isn't that her job! We felt so uncomfortable and clearly our server did too.  Too make things worse she didn't even come back to do any sort of quality check when we got our drinks or apps. So we just left after the appetizer. Such a shame! We had such high hopes and we were so excited to check out this restaurant that we saved it for our last night. Huge HUGE disappointment!!!
5	My boyfriend and I both agree that this was one of the best french meals we EVER HAD in our lives. I was actually shocked by how good it was.He ordered a beef brisket which according to him was EXTREMELY DELICIOUS. The meat was tender and all the flavours were on point. It was a huge chunk of brisket on top of a corn sauce. Now on to mine, I ordered the crispy striped bass with pesto sauce. This was sth i normally wouldn't order at a restaurant just because most restaurants don't make fish very well or they always fail to impress me. THIS ONE WAS DIFFERENT THOUGH. IT DEFINITELY THREW ME OFF GUARD, it was SOOOOOoo tasty and the flavours were out of this world. The pesto complimented the fish SO well, the fish skin was perfectly crisp (not burnt at all or falling apart). The bed of vegetables that the fish was sitting on was nice and crunchy too.IN CONCLUSION, this restaurant made me like french food.
4	This wonderful little French gem has a terrific view of the strip.  I'm so glad the City Center properties have maximized the strip instead of throwing everything in the back or walled off.  There's a terrific small terrace too, so if it's not too hot, it's a great place to sit outside looking up the dazzling strip.The food was delicious.  My brisket was good sized and had a yummy polenta side.  Our pork chop was on the small side, but good none the less.Efficient service without being overbearing.  Friendly staff.  Tables nicely spaced.  I wish Vegas could command better attire from their patrons, but it is what it is.  You'll get to spend good money on a quality meal and have to sit next to the guy in swimming trunks and tank top.  Welcome to Vegas.
3	I came here with my best friend for a quick lunch. As we walked around the Cosmopolitan hotel we were trying to find a place to eat. My best friend suggested we try Comme Ca, but he also warned me that they take forever!When we got in, it was pretty empty, not that many people were sitting inside and it did seem like it was a slightly older crowd inside. Anyway, we were told to sit wherever we wanted. So we found a small table and sat down. I feel like service could have been better, we had to wait a while before the server came to take our drink order, I had only water, while my best friend ordered a Bloody Mary, he said last time it was extra spicy but super delicious. After waiting a while, we finally got our drinks and our server finally took our meal order. I ordered the mussel entree and my best friend ordered the ban mi sandwich. I have to say my meal was pretty delicious, I'm not sure if that was the right meal seeing how we partied really hard the night before but it was great none the less. My Friend's meal was not the best though. He said his sandwich didn't really have flavor and well, was nothing special.For the price point it was A-OK. Would I come again? Maybe...if the service continued to be slow that next time might be the last time.
4	Comme Ca has the best value meal I've found in Vegas. $22 for a 3 course meal? I don't think it gets better than this! I got the french onion soup, the mussels, and the creme brulee. The french onion soup is fantastic. The soup itself is rich with sauteed onion and bread that has soaked in all the flavor of the broth. And the best part of course, is the gruyere cheese on top, especially the crusty parts. I'm really not doing it enough justice by describing it. The mussels are good (but not as good as the soup, ha). I love that they present it in the cast iron pot. Comme Ca's mussels come with whole roasted garlic and sausage. I love the garlic (it's been cooked long enough to be super sweet) but not the sausage so much. It gives it a meaty and heavy taste, and I'd prefer it to be lighter. (My favorite mussels, BTW, is Bouchon or ACote in Berkeley). All in all though, it's still a decent main course.I'm usually not a fan of desserts, but I love creme brulee and Comme Ca makes a solid one. You can see the bits of vanilla bean in every bite of custard, and the hard caramel is caramelized perfectly. I also had a bite of the pot de creme (orange was the flavor of the day) and it's a light, clean, and refreshing dessert.All in all, it is really a bang for your buck kind of meal. I've also tried a couple things on the regular meal, and I really liked the oxtail benedict (oxtail is very tender and it's a solid eggs benedict) and the duck and pork belly "cinnamon" roll (sweet and savory dish that is very interesting). The only dish I haven't been a fan of is the beef tongue hash (not all that spectacular). Service was great (it was a very slow Saturday lunch for them), and another plus is that it has a great view of the Strip if you want to take some photos.
5	Comme ca is one of the best French restaurants located on the strip.Food:We had...Dozen oystersFilet mignonBouillabaisseRatatouilleBeer cheddar gritsThe dozen oysters were delicious, they were so fresh its as if they took it out of the sea and opened it right then and there; absolutely to die for. My advice: When asked if you'd like them from the East or West coast, choose the East. Although they are smaller they are richer in flavor and the texture, ohhh the texture.. Filet mignon was melt in your mouth and the bone marrow complimented the beef so well its as if they were meant to be together.Ratatouille and beer cheddar grits were delicious though I wouldn't recommend ordering them unless you have someone share it with you. Portions are about a half cup each and you wouldn't want the food to go to waste! Sharing is caring! ;)The bouillabaisse was a bit bland but the fish soup base was creamy and rich. The mussels, fish, clams, and shrimp were perfectly cooked. Combined with the grits it was heaven!!Bottom line:Fresh seafood, great food, FANTASTIC service, and a lovely lovely lovely view of the strip. What more is there to ask for?
5	Great beef Wellington! Juicy and flavorful, covered with foie gras pate. Duck confit must try!
3	Came in for dinner but ended up staying for just an appetizer. It is a very nice intimate dinner spot. Great place for a nice quiet date. Outdoor and indoor seating. Large bar and dining area.At first glance I was interested in having dinner but after re-reading the menu and talking to the waiter it wasn't the place for me. I like great food just like anyone else but this place was just too fancy for me. We decided to order an appetizer the steak tartare. The presentation was beautiful served in a small metal pot with an egg yolk on top. The pot was sitting on a platter with toasted bread triangles and pickled veggies. It was light and tasted fabulous. The taste is hard for me to describe. Alex our waiter was wonderful. He greeted us and told us the specials for the evening. He answered the questions I had and made sure we were content. I felt bad for leaving. He let us know that people often come in just for an appetizer or just for dessert. He always had a smile and made me feel less awkward. The bill was a little over $20.00. The app and service was worth the price. If you are into fancy French food this is the spot. Too bad I'm not more adventurous otherwise I would have stayed.
3	They have a $22 lunch special with three courses.  There are two or three options per course.  I had the French Onion Soup, the French Dip Sandwich and Creme Brulee.  The soup was outstanding.  The beef in the sandwich was a bit dry.  The Creme Brulee tasted like a package mix - disappointing for a French restaurant.
5	Quick review to counterbalance my wife's 3 star review.The service and food was exceptional, although we only experienced the steak tartare app, bread basket (yum!) and water.After the app I was craving more, but also was a bit taken by the menu choices all unfamiliar.  Still a great venue, service and food.  Our sophistication and exploration (or lack thereof) were our only limitations.Thank you Alex for respect despite our indecisiveness.(edit: some general items on the menu, but many eccentric ones)
5	My brother came in for his birthday, so I used a Groupon that was offered.  Am I glad I did!  We could not just limit ourselves to the deal, and splurged on a fantastic meal.The server had an exceptional knowledge of not only the food, but gave spot on recommendations for wine parings, as well as perfect suggestions for drinks.Chef Brian has created an amazing menu, and his execution of the offerings displayed nothing short of genius.   A table side appearance by Chef was also a nice touch.Strongly recommended is the French Onion Soup.  Depth of flavor was unparalleled.  The Berkshire Pork (prepared 3 ways) was rich and complex.  Also recommend the Gastro-pub for the Charred Octopus.If bourbon is your thing, "Time For Bourbon" is not to be missed before the meal.I hear they hop on weekends, so I would suggest an off night, just so that you can take full advantage of the service and knowledge provided.Skip the obvious big Strip restaurant names and dine here instead.
3	The hottie and I were livin it up at the Cosmo in Vegas so we thought we would just eat there.  There is a Comme Ca in L.A. and I always wanted to try it so we gave it a shot.  Its got more of a pub atmosphere than high end fine dining.  The waiter, while very friendly, was a bit slow in service.Based on reviews we got the bone marrow & oxtail jam appetizer.  The bone marrow was good, hey its bone marrow how could it not be good.  But its not exceptional as bone marrows go and we also got only one small bone.  The oxtail jam was also pretty good.  One thing that I did not like was that we only got like 6 pieces of very thin chip like pieces of bread.  We didn't even finish half the oxtail jam before the bread chips were gone.For main course I got the Berkshire Pork and the hottie got the Beef Brisket.  The Berkshire Pork comes with a slice of pork belly, a pork loin, and a kind of a pork pate.  None of it stood out to me but there was nothing wrong with it.  The hottie got the Beef Brisket because she said it got good reviews on Yelp.  Well....... No.  The waiter described the brisket as being so tender it would just fall apart when you put a fork in it.  He was wrong.  While not tough, the brisket was not nearly that tender.  My main problem with this dish was a lack of seasoning.  It tasted like it had no salt whatsoever.  Maybe it was assumed that when mixed in with the sucotash on the bottom that it would give the brisket the salt it needed.  But as is, the brisket was not good in my mind.You could go to worse restaurants but this place is not a repeater for me.
5	Came here for a Groupon, and I have to say the food was really amazing! The service was great and I would most definitely come back in a second!!!!
4	we showed up with a groupon and it didn't feel like we were cheap, Alex the waiter even helped accomodate the drink specifications. Don't take the west elevators from the convention room side its long and museum quiet, like a complete different world from the north casino side. We had the crab salad, basicaly a thin layer of good crab meat with arugula and thinly sliced hot peppers on top. Then the chicken and the lamb. The chicken was decent and the lamb was fucking amazing. Perfectly cooked but it was the sauce that was trancendent, Alex explained how it was some sort of red wine sauce that gets peppercorn "infused" later. The view is of Planet Hollywood and Paris great at dusk
4	First visit was phenomenal. This time was overly crowded due to a private event. Food was still great. Definitely have a drink on the patio that overlooks the strip.
4	Quick stop here - ate at the bar before going out. I started with a salad- nice dressing. It was unusual that I ordered chicken, but I heard that it was really good here- and it was!  Service and food good overall.
5	Flawless. If you're in Vegas, eat there or you are missing out on the best food in the universe.
4	Had a very solid eating experience at Comme Ca in Vegas.  Our waitress was very nice and service was prompt.  For our starter we tried the steak tartar.  It was very good and well seasoned, not the best that I've had but I'd say a solid 4 star dish.  Then for dinner my friend and I split the mussels and the spinach.  The spinach was a bit too oily but I really enjoyed the chorizo mixed in with the mussels and the smokey flavor it gave.  For my cocktail I tried the Comme Ci because the flavors seemed interesting.  It was good but a little too heavy on the sugar component for my liking.  There were more dishes on the menu that looked intriguing to me so I'd love to come back and try some more.  Each dish was not the best that I've had but definitely an above average score of 4.  The helpful service definitely made the experience better too.
2	Kind of; almost a joke.  We ordered a lot of plates but the kicker was the cheese platter.  Vegas...expensive..I get it.  No Joke...we ordered a cheese selection and there were pieces of cheese the size of a dime.  All of the food was good but you can't help feeling getting ripped off the ENTIRE time.  $18glasses of wine.  Vegas, I still get it..   Also, we ordered 6 plates.  In a nice restaurant, they bring them out strategically; not this place.   ALL at once.  Why?  WE WERE THE ONLY ONES IN THERE.  Willing to pay Vegas prices.  Not willing to get bent over.
4	This is a 3.5 rounded to a 4!We came here during Magic week in Las Vegas, so there were way more people at the restaurant than expected for a Tuesday night.  The hostess in the front was acting strangely and didn't recognize us when we came back in 15 minutes to see if our table was ready.  Our server inside was actually really sweet and helpful.  There was a little wait, but she was so pleasant it made up for any waiting we had to do.The restaurant itself is really cool.  It's my favorite Cosmo restaurant interior.  I want that flooring in my house!!  I have yet to see the outdoor seating, but I bet it's very fun to eat with that view outside.My favorite part of the meal was the Comme Ca Burger.  It is in my top 5 burgers in Vegas (Flemmings, Vitner Grill, Tommy Bahama, Del Taco, and now Comme Ca)... and yes I said Del Taco.  If you have never tried the double del cheeseburger, you have not lived.  But anyway, moving on, I have to give it to Comme Ca for cooking it perfectly to order.  The patty is really thick, I was surprised to see the whole burger medium throughout.  Many restaurants cannot do this!  I couldn't stop eating the fries either.I also had the roasted lamb.  I didn't enjoy it as much as the burger, and it was served with a charred eggplant sauce (never had tried this before).  It was good, but the lamb wasn't very flavorful.  The eggplant sauce wasn't kicking up the party for me either.  But then again, I am no food critic.  It might be a fantastic combo for someone else, I would actually love to hear what people have to say about this dish.In the end, I would bring the guys here, even with a big group, and have the burger and some beers.  The restaurant is high energy, beautiful, great for groups.
3	I grabbed the Groupon for this and was super excited to be dining at another restaurant in the Cosmo (trying to hit up all of them). It was $51 for a dinner for two with a bottle of Rose. Neither of us like Rose, so we asked the waitress for an alternative and we were offered two alcoholic beverages instead. The bf had just a beer while I tried one of their cocktails, the Ramble. It's a concoction of gin with muddled raspberry and lemon. I'm not a fan of gin, which may be the reason I didn't like it. I really thought tasted like dish washing soap.. But there was a lot of fresh raspberry so I'm chalking it up to just not liking gin.We decided to get an appetizer on top of the two entrees. We had the roasted bone marrow and oxtail jam. The bone marrow was just standard, nothing special. The name "oxtail jam" is a little misleading, but I'm not complaining. It was a very nicely sized bowl of super tender and juicy oxtail with 6 small slices of bread. The oxtail was delicious and there was some cilantro on top to add a little more flavor. I just wish there was more bread for the oxtail to sit on top of. For the entrees, I had the Berkshire pork and the bf had the beef brisket. Both of us agreed the pork was much better. It had 3 different preparations of pork and all were very tender and flavorful. The favorite was a sort of shredded pork mashed with seasonings, served somewhat cold/room temp. The brisket was interesting. It was super tender, but at the same time it was dry and pretty flavorless. The corn succotash was alright too. We substituted one of the sides from the brisket for the mac n' cheese for $1 extra. It looked delicious when it came out but when we dug in, we were a bit disappointed. It was creamy and everything, pretty good flavor, but there's a thick layer of panko breading on top that made each bit a little dry. I wish there was less of that.Besides the food, service was pretty phenomenal. They were very attentive (probably because there wasn't too many people there, even on a Friday night to our surprise!) but not overbearing. For dessert we had some lemon butter cookie with fruits and a gelato. It was basically a de-constructed fruit tart. The cookie was a little tough but fruits were all good as well as the gelato.The one major downside to this restaurant: they added 18% gratuity even though it was only 2 of us! The service was great and I probably would have left a nice tip regardless, but forcing a party of 2 to pay that much tip is a bit ridiculous. Overall, the food wasn't spectacular but not bad. But we still paid almost another $50 even after the Groupon. This place wasn't really worth the price tag, but it was fun to try.
4	I think the first thing to note if you plan on dining here is that it is modeled as a high class sort of dining establishment, and if you expect the same sort of conditions as you would receive at a Chili's or TGIF's, then you are in the wrong place. This place, like a number of the critically acclaimed strip restaurants is largely the vision of a few chefs who produce original recipes and try to create a unique dining experience. With that in mind, let's begin.Full disclosure: I used a groupon for us that discounted the price we paid for a bottle of rose and two entrees. The appetizer was not included but we felt it was important to try one. First things first-- I like the interior. It's sort of post-modern and trendy. The orange lamps over head are cool, and the neon red saucers on the overhang above the strip are pretty sweet looking. The large glass walls provide a great view of the strip that improves as the night goes on and the lights get brighter.We were seated without incident and our waitress was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu options. Service was great and we definitely didn't have any complaints about it.For an appetizer, we went with the escargot with chicken oysters. It arrived in reasonable time and was drizzled in a succulent green sauce that may have been mint or cilantro based. Regardless it was pretty fantastic. The chicken oysters were delicate and the snails were chewy and juicy as they should be. The entrees were impressive-- I ordered the beef brisket served over vegetables which came with a side of aged cheddar grits. Very unique side dish-- probably the best grits i've ever had but i guess that ain't saying much. The brisket was delicate and glazed in their sweet sauce. My girlfriends entree was even more impressive-- she opted for the lamb chops which were probably the best lamb chops I have ever tasted--soft and well seasoned. We had no problem finishing off the food. It was a good experience and we certainly did enjoy the meal but neither of us were blown away to a 5 star level. As far as high end restaurants go, I think this one is worth trying because of the innovations that the chef has injected into the food but I don't know if we'll be coming back anytime soon because there are so many other classy places to try.
3	Nothing that wowed anyone at our table.  Everything was good...but just good.  For the price we wanted to be wowed a bit.
5	We had a wonderful evening here! We started with cocktails in the bar (loved the Ginger Joy) then moved on to dinner in the dining room.  The view was lovely and the service was excellent.We started with the charred calamari (so good) and the escargots.Hubby and I both had the bouillabaisse and it did not disappoint.Our dinner ended with 2 fabulous desserts.Highly recommend!
5	We had a great time here!  We visited while staying at the Cosmo for our wedding anniversary and has a Groupon to use.  We ended up upgrading just about everything about the meal and it was WONDERFUL!  We had a reservation and were seated immediately.  Our waitress was very knowledgeable and friendly.  Our drinks and appetizer came out very quickly and were quite good.  We ordered the rainbow trout and ribeye for our entrees and were very pleasantly surprised.  Steak doesnt usually do much for us when eating out since we can make it really well at home.  The ribeye here however, was cooked perfectly, coated in their special pepper crust and arrived with their AMAZING in house steak sauce.  We highly recommend it!  After all that food, we didn't have much room for dessert but asked for a simple scoop of vanilla ice cream.  They didn't have vanilla ice cream so the chef personally whipped us up some vanilla with marzipan and served it with crunch toffee on a beautiful plate with "Happy Anniversary" written in chocolate sauce.  The ice cream was super good and we thought it was so great the chef could whip something like that together as a last minute request for it.  Overall, great experience at Comme Ca!  We'll be back for sure!
2	I was looking forward to trying this place. The food was disappointing for a fancy French restaurant. Even the complimentary bread sucked and I love most bread. I had French onion soup, escargot, mussels/andouille sausage in a tomato broth, tarte flambee, and a dark chocolate/salted caramel dessert. None of the dishes wowed me. However, the French onion soup was to my liking. I would probably not go back based on anything I have tried so far except for the soup. The service is what you expect from a fancy place- attentive and polite. However the food took long. I think we were there for two hours. There were a lot of people, I was catching up with my friend, and I wasn't in a rush so I wasn't too overly concerned about the service.
5	With the exception of Maggiano's Italian restaurant. Comme Ca is my first "fine" dining experience in Vegas and the first in the past like 3 years.  The one thing I braced myself for was small portions & high prices, but also expectations of a great environment, great service, and a bomb-ass view.   Comma Ca has met and exceeded the latter aspects, but was even able to deliver food that tasted great, actually filled me up, and wasn't really as bad as I thought (albeit, we had a Groupon that knocked off $100 off the tab).  Situated on the top top floor of the Cosmopolitan (I think 4th), Comme Ca neighbors a few other fine-dining restaurants, none of which I recognize but my friend told me they were really good too and recommended them all.  I hate it when a person recommends everything, which is almost as bad as knowing nothing :P  So upon walking into Comme Ca, we were greeted with a friendly hostess who seated us to a table for 2 right by the floor-to-ceiling windows! Weee, the best view of the Strip I've ever had, even from hotel rooms that I've stayed at lol!  Already, the price of admission was partially paid by our front-row, vertigo-inducing view of sights that I could only appreciate sober.Our friendly and experienced waiter presented us with the food menu & drink menu.  What I enjoyed about the service is that everyone knows what they're doing and what the patron expects.  Our waiter somehow saw a random streak on my knife, took it away, and then brought me a new one later. WOW?!  Even the way they bring the wine glass to you, set the menu on your table, and approach the table seems so ....calculated and sinister (in a good way).  I guess I could get used to this.....as long as I do it once every few years :)   Browsing the food menu was quite simple as we had to maximize our Groupon credit and chose the items most close to $32/entree lol  I ordered the roasted lamb with charred eggplant mixed with seared peaches and really enjoyed this entree of pure protein and minimal carbs.  For once, I didn't crave or seek rice with my meat!  The "free" bread  (you can ask for more) they provided was also good with the chef-made butter (except I still prefer Tony Roma's bread, I am a barbaric Asian-American from the SGV after all). My friend ordered a soup-based entree (classic bouillabaisse)  that came in a giant pot LOADED with seafood and soup.  As a fan of seafood myself, I sampled some of her food items and found it delicious as well.  With the exception of a small piece of bread, her dish was relatively free of carbs too!  I guess Dr. Atkins must have had a role in designing the dishes at Comme Ca. I would also suggest this dish to seafood lovers and/or people trying to restrict their meat intake, i.e.  pescetarians.  While our plans was not to order too much other than the entree and the included bottle of wine, we decided to "live a little" a went with an appetizer and side dish.  The calamari that was presented was very different from the calamari my brutish-self is used to eating during $5 happy hour specials.  Calamari shouldn't have to be associated with crispy, batter-fried, frozen squid served with Ragu sauce!  The calamari itself was very soft, tender, super easy to cut, and not at all rubbery.  It came with a squid-ink-derived sauce that didn't do much for flavor, but added some sea "saltiness" to my palate.   Our shared side dish was macaroni & cheese, which turned out to a bit a good-sized ceramic plate of creamy, cheesey, macaron-ey goodness.  It also contained small chunks of sausage which added even more zesty flavor!  I'm a semi-fan of mac & cheese and thought it tasted delicious, even after all the other foods we had eaten.  But if you REALLY like mac-n-cheese, I suggest ordering this and getting a few big ole' bites in there.Once it was all said & done, I chugged my last glass of wine to immerse my mind with the all-too-familiar sensation of inebriation.  I took one final look outside the streak-free windows and thought to myself "I need to win the lotto" Comme Ca is a great place to try out if you can fork out at least $100 for 2 people (assuming you aren't lucky enough to have a Groupon), really appreciate fine-dining, and are accustomed to first-class service.
4	Jade took me as a surprise and I was very impressed!I enjoyed 90% of the food (this is the reason for the 4 star instead of 5) and the ambiance was phenomenal. We went for an early dinner and was able to sit on the balcony for an awesome view (the temperature outside was perfect).  I'd definitely come here again.  Thanks so much Jade!!Ordered:Charred Calamari-  We are Calamari freaks and were definitely excited to try Comme Ca's interpretation.  The presentation in itself was already unique.  The squid was served whole (uncut w/ tentacles and all) in its' own ink alongside some crackling capers!  $15 for this and totally worth it!Fries- The fries were pretty normal.. nothing spectacular about it that made it distinguishable from your typical french fry.  It was good, but I'd personally pass on this.Slow Cooked Veal-  This was extremely good and just melts in your mouth.Classic Bouillabaisse - This was basically a seafood stew where the base was a Lobster broth. This was the culprit of the missing star in my rating.  I feel that the description sounded amazing, but I just felt as if it had a missing element to it.  Definitely not worth the $35 price tag.Egh, I wish I could remember which Wine we had.  It was really good. So good, that we finished the bottle with no problem! Overall:This place was good!  It made for a nice date and a good place to go on a special evening!  Service was very attentive and food was bomb (aside from the Bouillabaisse).Tips: * if you plan it right and make your reservation for a time right before the sun drops, you can have an even more amazing view (sit outside if available).  *
4	We went for lunch, and I will say, it was dead. I think this is more of a dinner destination. The atmosphere is memorable, they have a wall of windows looking out on the strip with especially good views of Paris and the Eiffel Tower. We both got the "quick lunch special" which included and appetizer, entree and dessert for $17. Everything was brilliant, especially the French dip sandwich and the chocolate pot du creme. They also had all you can drink bloody marys and champagne (though this may be specific to Sundays). I didn't partake in the drink special because I was too enamored with their cocktail list. It had a very crafted, pre-Prohibition theme, and I was blown away by the Aviation. If you enjoy gin, it is a must try. Service was impeccable. I look forward to trying Comme Ca for dinner.
2	Ouch. That was my reaction when seeing the bill. Average food, slow service and astronimical prices for small dishes that will leave you hungry. I had heard so many good things from friends about this place that I was excited to eat here but ended up disappointed. It was a slow Tuesday night and our server disappeared for long enough periods that we joked that he must have gone on a break. I ordered the roasted lamb with charred eggplant. The lamb, cooked medium-rare was well-prepared but could have used more seasoning.The size of the dish, however, was more suitable for the kid's menu. We also had the bouillabaisse. That was amazing and definately worth tasting. For dessert, the Caramel Mousse is a can't miss.If I go back it would be for dessert and I would sit in the lounge and sip water--a Dogfish IPA was $12!!
3	Our fourth Restaurant Week meal was at Comme Ca inside the Cosmo. The restaurant was fairly busy Thursday evening about 7 o'clock. Our waiter was very attentive. Too attentive actually. The breads to get you started are fresh and warm. For starters we had Roasted bone marrow and tarte flambe; smoked bacon, caramelized onion. The tarte flambe was tasty; baked crisp and full of tang from the cheese, smoke from the bacon and sweetness from the onion. I've never had bone marrow, nor oxtail jam. I was excited to try it especially after all the raves I've seen about this particular dish. It's $18 on the regular menu and I didn't see a single complaint about the price so I figured it must be good. I have nothing to compare it to, but I didn't appreciate it. The oxtail jam taste like pot roast and the bone marrow had no distictive flavor. I couldn't say if I liked it or not, I couldn't taste it. All I could think was that it looked like the big bones we'd get in a doggy bag when I'd dine out with my parents as a kid. Our pups loved to chew on bones. So, yes, I'm saying this dish seemed like dog treat. Entrees were steamed mussels; spicy tomato, andouille sausage and simple risotto with wild mushrooms. The risotto was good, but not great. It was a bit grainy and we've been spoiled by truffles. The steamed mussels were very good, tender and in a nice broth. I really liked the meaty spicy andouille that accompanied the mussels. Dessert was decadent and wonderful the salted caramel mousse; dark chocolate ice cream, cocoa nib crumble did not disappoint.I was terribly disappointed with desserts at Comme Ca on a previous visit. Judging by this restaurant week dessert, they have really stepped up their game and that first visit has been long forgotten.
3	I couldn't decide between two restaurants for my birthday.  Because of my later than normal scheduled flight, I went with Comme Ca out of convenience.  Though the food and ambiance was slightly above average, it seems as if their wait staff needs a lesson in service. I made reservations through opentable.com.  Do note that they also have outdoor seating with a view of the strip and water mists. STANDOUT DISH OF THE NIGHT:*Slow Cooked Veal ($29) - The veal was unbelievable and quite possibly the best I've ever had!  The meat was tender and cut like butter.  The veal was placed over a trio of perfectly crisped polenta circles and sprinkled with foraged mushrooms.  Apparently it was so good that my friend asked if I was planning on licking my bowl.OTHER FOOD:*Chilled Venus Clams (6 for $8) - Disappointed that the clams were teeny.  Once you added any of the accompanied sauces (aioli, wine vinaigrette, horseradish or Tabasco), it overshadowed the taste of the tiny clams.*Charred Calamari ($16) - Delicious.  The calamari is charred whole and easily shared between 2-3 people.*Mac & Cheese side ($) - Extremely disappointing.  The dish contained so much panko that's all you could taste in every bite.*Creamed Spinach ($) - Disappointing as well.  The spinach was too watery and not creamy.SERVICE:Comme Ca definitely needs to teach a class on service.  Though the staff wasn't rude, they could use a lesson on service and timing.  Our waitress took our order and a piece of raisin bread was brought out for each person in a basket.  We sat there a minute, figured we weren't getting plates, and started eating our bread.  It wasn't until after we finished the bread, they brought us bread plates.  The water guys kept our water glasses filled on a regular basis but our waitress was hardly seen.  My friend got cornered outside the bathroom by our waitress.  She asked what the occasion was and he told her it was my birthday.  A caramel chocolate ganache cake was brought out to me with "Happy Dirty 30" written on the plate.  The topping on the cake was that we had to pay the $9 for this cake.  Isn't it customary that restaurants give the birthday person a dessert on the house?
4	Modern French cuisine? Not sure what that entails, but there's a burger on the menu. Unfortunately it was not called a Royale with Cheese.Food here wasn't that special. Duck confit was actually my favorite, and that was an appetizer. Everything else was just average.Not sure if Yelp had it, but when I checked into foursquare, I got a free dessert with any entree purchase.Service was very good, although I felt bad because I was being served by a pregnant lady.
3	made reservation through opentable.com after not being able to decide on where to go and so we try it out..the only thing that I think is modern french in this restaurant is their decor and how they name the dishes because food was okay, service was okay, a bit slow, and dessert was to me is the highlight of my meal.. tried out the escargot as appetizer, I think that it's a bit too chewy, but the sauce was right on spot so I ended up using the sauce to dip my bread on..we had a steak and lamb chop for entree and that sure took a while without the server ever coming to our table to inform that our food took longer than usual maybe..overall, a bit overpriced for a decent food, so it was okay,will I come back?? Not really...
2	This restaurant looks right out on the strip which is nice.The waitstaff was nice but not overly efficient.  When filling our water glasses, the bus boy/assistant waiter noticed no one had brought our bread basket.  Luckily, we didn't want it.We had the French Onion soup and three west coast oysters for appetizers.  The soup was great.  The oysters were good.We had the duck confit and lamb as entrees, although the duck is an appetizer on the menu.  The duck is definitely a large enough portion to be an entree.  It was cooked perfectly but the confit was bland and there was not a salt shaker on the table (nor any of the others).  That's a pet peeve of mine that chefs think they have perfectly seasoned the food for every palate.The lamb was done well, didn't see any eggplant on the plate unless it was the pear-tasting item on the plate.  There was also a very spicy pepper on the plate that was not expected.We ordered the duck fries as a side item.  They were super bland.  We had to ask for salt and that did make them edible.With all the choices in Vegas, I would choose to eat elsewhere.
2	Mixed review.  Some good, some bad and some bewildering pricing.  The good: French Onion soup and bread-sticks.  But nearly any other restaurant of merit can make both well.  The bad: Slow roasted veal - very fatty.  Charred calamari - rubbery and served whole - not very appetizing presentation. Did I mention rubbery?The bewildering: $15.00 for a glass of Guinness.  Really?  I could not believe it.  How can you charge $15.00 for one glass of beer in a restaurant?  Not sure Pure or Marquee charge that much for a beer.  I spoke to the manager and they took one of the two off the bill, so good job by the manager, but really?  Our server was very good.  He was on top of everything and quite nice and engaging.The entire menu is very overpriced and portions are quite small.  The restaurant is nearly club loud. It seems like every surface is a hard surface and the noise is on par with a sports bar during a big game.Second time there.  Probably the last.  The strip restaurants get more and more disappointing between pricing and the quality of the meals.  Maybe they think no one will notice.
3	Comme Ca3.75 Stars OverallGold Medal - Great ViewSilver Medal - Private Room Bronze Medal - AmbianceThe best thing this place has going for it is the view.  The food is so so.  The service was so so.  Had better food and service.  The outdoor patio has a great view of the strip.  We had a 10 people bachelorette party and were seated in a nice elegant private room.  The room was very sleek.I ordered the 20 oz ribeye.  The ribeye was so so.  The mac n cheese was so so. The loaded potatoes was so so.  The service was good, but not great.Go here for the ambiance and the great view.HAPPY VEGAS VIEWING!!
3	I brought my wife and her mother there for an evening of "fine dinning" I knew going in that would be expensive so the $470 bill at the end of the night wasn't too much of a shock.. That being said the food was very good. One of my favorites was the escargot, my wife had never had snails before and this dish was outstanding. For dinner I had the pork chop. I asked the server I was able to get it med rare and she looked at me like I had 2 heads. I asked if she would ask the chef for me and she returned to say that yes but that she had never heard of pork being cooked anything other than well :/ We also enjoyed several of the libations which were very good and you could tell some serious thought was put into the execution of the cocktails. I give it only 3 stars becaus towards the end of the meal we noticed what seemed like the floor manager belittling one of the wait staff right in front of everyone in the dinning room. I understand this might occasionally need to be done but as a patron spending $500 for dinner, we don't want to see it. To say it left a bad taste in my mouth as we left would be an understatement. I would return for the cocktails and snails but only after saving up some serious cash as the drinks were roughly $15 a piece.
4	My friend and I decided to check out The Cosmopolitan and see what restaurant caught our attention for dinner.  When we checked out the menu for Comme Ca, we chose this place, having no idea of the view.  The hostess led us to the back of the restaurant into a large, noisy dining room.  After sitting at a table to the rear, we noticed empty tables on the outdoor patio, so we asked to be moved.  The night was perfect to spend looking out onto the lights of the Strip.  Both of us ordered the beet salad, and we agreed it was one of the best we'd tasted.  For dinner, I chose the filet of sole with almonds and green beans, which was cooked to perfection and tasted delicious.  My companion had the bouillabaise without the mussels and clams and she enjoyed every bit of it.  Our server was amazingly friendly and helpful.  She checked on us every time she passed by and made us feel very comfortable and welcome.  She even thanked us for the tip!  When we left, we kept talking about how good our meal was.  We both agreed that when we go back to Vegas, this place will be on our list of places to go back to!
4	Located in the Cosmopolitan Hotel. I came in for happy hour. I was looking forward to trying the 3 course meal with mussels but it's no longer offered. Started off with half of dozen of oysters from the east coast, a shrimp cocktail and a cold Sierra Nevada. The oysters were tasty but on the smaller side and were a $1.50 each for HH. The shrimp cocktail was half off at $9.50 which was pricey. I surely wouldn't paid the regular price of $19.00 The shrimps were chilled and served on ice just like the oysters. I was still hungry so I ordered another half dozen oysters but from the west coast. Which oysters did I did prefer? The east coast oysters which had a richer flavor and edged out the west coast!My female bartender server was friendly and attentive and my food arrived promptly.
5	First review... I purchased a groupon and went in with low expectations...My mind was blown... OMG... the food was awesome! One of the best meals I had in my life.The only reason I am giving it 4 stars is because I can't give a 4.5 and the server came off a little conceited... Yes, we went in drunk, but doesn't everyone in Vegas? If he just played along I would have given this a 5 star rating...Been back many times after, and now i think they deserve 5 stars
5	I ate here this past weekend with a bunch of friends.  While everyone ordered something entirely different, I ordered the Brick roasted chicken.  This was the tastiest chicken I've ate in a long time.  It was cooked to perfection, slathered with herbs, the right amount of garlic flavor and bursting with flavor in every bite.  There was a small side of greens, I think watercress or arugula in a citrus flavored dressing and duck fried potatoes... Yeah, fried in duck fat!  The service was great and the server was very attentive.  The dim lighting set a great ambiance for a good casual dinner with friends, dinner before clubbing or for a date.  It is more on the pricier side, but worth it.  Do notice the placemats... they stuck in my head. :-)
3	Came by here for a late night snack while I was in LV one weekend. I spent 7 years living there and always make it a point to try a new restaurant every time I come back for a visit.Our server was awesome. She was super nice and engaging.  I had the Foie Gras that was a little burned on the outside which gave it a slightly charred flavor. IMO, unacceptable for any kind of French restaurant. It's not hard to prepare (I make it at home so I know). The spiced stone fruit that went with it was delish though. The bread was ok.My significant other had the Prime Steak Frites which was good. The fries that came with it were great. Thin and crispy.We finished up with the caramel mousse which I highly recommend, it was delish.All in all, it was ok but not good enough for me to visit again with the abundance of restaurants in LV that I haven't yet tried.
3	I never like the ambiance of Comme ca and food is just alright but for some reason I keep coming back.  They have a good Charred Calamari and veal cheeks, there cocktails I am not a big fun off
4	I had several personal firsts at this restaurant: Escargot, raw oysters and duck, all of which I ended up liking, espcially their duck and the escargot. The oysters were ok, but not something that I would rave about and crave like a lot of people do. For my main mean I ordered their roasted lamb with a side of asparagus and it was also very good. Nice restaurant inside and good service. For dessert I had the lemon tart which was good but not something I would order again. My friend had the chocolate dessert which was much better. Also, you have a pretty good view of the strip from the balcony.
5	Damn. Not sure why the hate, the food was delish. Serious Delish.The service was also spot on, even though we were Grouponers, we were treated like high rollers, our server not only was professional, she was cute as a button with sexy southern style and a flirty fun attitude: perfect accent to the upscale decor and high falootin food.I got the Beef Tartare, not something I do most places but it was well recommended and boy, were they right. For an entree, I had the brick roasted chicken with duck fat fried potatoes and yes, that was as drool worthy as it sounds, the chicken was perfect, the potatoes managed a level of decadence not normally obtainable by lowly tubers. My guy ordered the  Bouillabaisse and it was as impressive as you'd expect as a star of the menu.I'll be honest, I don't remember the dessert, but not because it wasn't memorable, I'm sure it was delicious.  But, after all the good wine, amazing food and stellar service, I think I was just blissed out and anything else was just more of the same.
4	Still love this place, but with an asterisk.  We frequent the bar for their amazing happy hour, out of this world drinks, and friendly mixologists.  And now that food is included in the happy hour, we will definitely be frequenting this place more often.The asterisk is...I think I'll only come here for the bar.  The last time we ate in the restaurant, I was really disappointed in the service, waiter, and food.  I came with a bachelorette party and had been talking this place up to my friends, but our experience in the restaurant was far less superior than my visits to the bar/lounge area.So my advice?  Stick to the bar, come at Happy Hour to enjoy food and drinks at half price, and have a great time with the bartenders.
5	What a meal!  I arranged for a special vegetarian tasting menu in advance for my husband and I told them to do a special carnivore one for me - surprise me.  Food was awesome, service was impeccable and the night was a blast.  BTW - I started with a White mint drink -yum!  5 stars!!
5	Our party ordered several items so I will list them all here.For appetizers we opted for the duck confit, fried frog legs, beef tongues, foie gras, a beet salad and salmon tartar. Excellent beet salad. Perfectly seasoned and the cheese that sat in the middle of the bed of greens were just amazing. The foie gras was perfectly cooked with out of this world flavors. I wasn't too crazy for the frog legs since they were fried, but the slaw that came with it were unlike anything I've ever tried. It was delicious! My friend loved the salmon tartar. As for the duck confit, I thought it was dry and salty. I am not a fan of beef tongues but I did try them and they just melt in your mouth. They are very good if you're into beef tongues.For entre, I ordered the lamb shank but I didn't enjoy it very much due to its heavy acidic and hearty sauce. However my friends thought it was excellent. I also tried the lobster risotto, which I thought was the most delicious entree among all the dishes we ordered that night. The beef short ribs were okay, a bit plain I thought. Desserts came in three: apple tart, chocolate mousse and creme brule. No complaints from me. All three were excellent!
4	During a recent trip to Vegas for a meeting, we dropped into this restaurant for a business lunch.  Having walked by this joint at dinner time and seen the large crowds, I was pleased to see very few people durung the lunch hour.We were seated near the windows so we had nice sunlight coming into the room...which is rare for Vegas casino restaurants....nice touch.I ordered the Comme Ca Burger, $19.The food came out in a reasonable amount of time and I immediately noticed that the Ketchup was homemade and not bottled....another plus.  The Burger was also a hand made patty, not frozen.  It was very juicy and delish...yum!The server was pleasant and realized that we were at a business lunch, so she gave us our space to talk and work.  However, she remained attentive to our needs and ensured that our drinks/food were taken care of.Overall, it was a great experience for a business lunch.....good food and service.Return Factor - 90%
5	We had a great dinner for 26 this past weekend.  Nice private room, good food and service. They also have a patio with great views and great spot for photos with the strip all lit up in the back ground
5	Not a single negative thing to say about this place. Looks like all the aspects of the restaurant have been refined since they opened a few years back. Our cocktails were very well balanced between old school traditions and new school creativity. The service was attentive yet unintrusive. The food was simply spectacular. My hats off to the team at Comme Ca!
3	I like the food here but the manager/sommelier or whatever he was needs to buy a personality. I can only conclude that the manager / sommelier has no sense of humour - he had a French accent and I got excited and asked if he was French Canadian from Quebec. When he looked aghast at me I corrected myself and said Paris? I never did get an answer from him and he left leaving me feeling awkward. It ruined the whole experience for me. A very bad vibe. As a customer I expect to be treated with more grace by a professional in the hospitality industry. Overall I felt uncomfortable....A restaurant is more than its food!
3	First of all, Comme Ca gives you a GREAT bang for your buck! Really and truly- if you're on a budget, you gotta check it out!A girlfriend and I spent Halloween weekend in Vegas with some opposite-sex friends. They were quite on their own schedule during the day, so we did our own thing. At about 2p we decided it was lunch time, and wandered around the Cosmo until we found this place. For $17.50 we found ourselves a 3 course lunch!I ordered:French Onion Soup (this was good! A little sweet for my taste, but enjoyable.)Ham and Cheese (Yes yes- I know there is a fancy name for this, but whatever. Although I'm pretty sure I consumed a day's worth of calories in just this sandwich, it was mighty yummy!)Chocolate Pot de Creme (I limited myself to just a bite, but OH MY GOD yum!)Our server was sweet, and took good care of us. While nothing struck me as amazeballs, I certainly got my moneys worth!
5	After ice skating we were looking for a GOOD meal and boy did we find it!!!!  The space was a lot larger then we were expecting.  You can only see the front room from the entrance, but the place goes pretty far back.  There is patio seating, but it was very chilly so we decided to sit inside where we had a great view of the city.  We didnt order any meals, just a few appetizers.  The cheese platter, bread, bone marrow and salmon tartar.  I was not that impressed with the salmon, not a fan, but the cheese platter I was all over!!!!!!  I was told the bone marrow was great, I did not try it, I do not eat meat.  The service was great.  The server took great care of us, always checking to make sure we were happy, filled up our drinks promptly and even charged a cell phone for us.  Price was pretty high, but worth the god service and food!
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants on the Strip. My husband and I have been here a dozen times in the past and each time the meal was amazing. Comme Ca serves your typical brasserie fare such as steak frites, steak tartare, bouillabaisse, etc. They are all delicious offerings. Besides that though, you need to know that Chef Brian Howard makes all of his charcuterie in house! No visit is complete without trying some fromage and charcuterie. We've been in many times for dinner but they also offer special menus for different holidays. I have spent Thanksgiving there twice and Easter brunch once. Everything is amazing and it is a great value for your money. This last Thanksgiving the meal was served family style, so we all got to try every thing. I left so stuffed, but happy! For Easter brunch they were grilling on the patio beer can chicken and a leg of ham. They also had a type of buffet with charcuterie, cheese, potato salad... the list goes on1 Oh plus desserts, they had all kinds of different macarons. Something must be said about their cocktail program, which is one of the best in the city. They are prohibition inspired like the ramble, aviation, daiquiri, etc. The house creations are very good as well, you must trythe penicilin. It's made with scotch, lemon ginger, honey and a rinse of Laphroaig, this crazy, peaty-tasting whisky. All this and a fabulous view of the Las Vegas Strip? What's not to love?
4	Comme Ca, where art thou, I think of you long after I float away from your lovely embrace, if only you were real, if only...you were not on a third floor of a hotel in the middle of Vegas, i'd come, i'd  rise up to your arms, each and everytime.From the outside, you would think that this place is a fancy schmancy Parisian joint, where the art of the table is part of the tension of the night. But sadly or gladly (gladly i my case) not. Its a bistro. Thats what it is. Not a white formal place. An expensive bistro at that, but still a bistro nevertheless. The food was traditional french fare, it was good. I had a fish, it was perfectly cooked. Their service was contemporary, no complaints there.  The whole place was familiar , not high brow, rather a weird blend of american and parisian haughtiness / lightness/ confidence which I appreciated. I would probably go back, but there are just so many restaurants in the area. But I can recommend it.
4	Chicken was outstanding , friendly, attentive staff , great view of the strip .Lots of original cocktails to try, portions lean toward small, but you're not here to stuff your face anyway.
5	Trip worthy and 10 stars!  This restaurant is going on this foodie's "Top" list and I've eaten and many Michelin starred resturants.  Foodies, this is a MUST DO when in Vegas.  I will be flying back here just to experience Comme Ca in the near future, the food, the ambience, surpasses all fine dining expectations.Which dish impressed: ALL from the creamy simplicity of mac and cheese to the complex but classic seafood, the flavors perfect.  The best meal I've had in a long time.If you can, ask for an outdoor table, isolated.  It was as if we girls had our own private room, right under the lights of the strip.
2	alas, since my first meal here in Oct 2010, kitchen staff has changed and gone are the details which made this a formidable lunch bistro in the french style. BOO.#CROQUE MADAMEsee my pic of the most spectacular Croque Madame I've had in my life. it was here, back in Oct 2010. unfortunately, the Dec 2012 version is too eggy, not enough ham, boring bechamel and missing the frisee and vinaigrette which balanced this dish and made it so delightful to photograph and look at.#BEEF TARTAREI won't even bother with ground beef tartare anymore. it's a preference. a strong one.#AYCD BLOODY MARYGreat price for all-you-can-drink bloody mary, but it's so goddam spicy that i can barely get the first one down. And this is from the guy who sprinkles ghost chili flakes on my fried chicken.#DECORlike the harsh presentation of food, the restaurant lacks the balance of soft touches and color. mounted cold white plates and orangey-brown liquid in metronomically placed-in-a-row comme-ca-monogrammed wine bottles just don't cut it.!VIEWThe windows give you full view of Las Vegas Blvd traffic just below you, and to the north the faux Eiffel. [shaking head... you just can't get away from it, either here or in Paris itself  :P  ]not for lack of wanting to revisit comme ca; it's just that i'm rarely in vegas on a friday, sat or sun for lunch.true to french lunch hours, you cannot get in before noon.
4	- Had 4:30 pm lunch reservations for Sun/30 Dec 2012.  Had the $19.50 "Quick Lunch" menu which was an excellent deal considering it was for 3-course meal at a fancy restaurant (affiliated with chef David Myers) inside The Cosmo.- That option is offered Fri - Sun 12 noon - 5 pm.  A week earlier I arrived at 4:35 pm with no reservations and they wouldn't seat me, which was pretty frustrating since I went to The Cosmo just to dine there.
4	Stopped off for a drink at Comme Ca before a dinner reservation at Milos... just down the hall at The Cosmopolitan. It's beautiful, classy and the perfect place to take your parents, a date, even a group of girlfriends. I can't see how anyone would be offended to drink or dine here. Pretty impressive bar! The wall of booze and 11 page wine/spirits menu could be slightly overwhelming to even the most experienced drink... But it's a French restaurant in Vegas and they have to be prepared for the most obscure requests.Everyone besides me had a cocktail... Mom really enjoyed her Ginger Joy with pear vodka, sugar, lemon and ginger. A big wino, I went for a glass of sparkling rose. It was the holidays, I was with my family and it seemed like the appropriate celebratory drink. Perhaps I've become accustomed to drinking California sparkling wine vs French champagne, 'cause I did not enjoy my wine very much. It was *very* sweet, almost syrupy. Luckily it had bubbles which made it drinkable. And I was with good company so it wasn't that big of a deal. Perhaps the regular clientele prefers sweet wine to dry? Pure class, all the way at Comme Ca. Grab a cocktail and see where the night takes you!
1	I have eaten  here several times. Each time the food and service has declined.The last time was a business dinner of 8 people. I can't begin to describe how bad the service was. It took 15 minutes to get menus - we ordered half a dozen table appetizers, the waiter delivered two incorrect orders.We finally ordered entrees - I asked for a vegetarian option - the waiter asked the chef who said he would make up a plate of quinoa and roasted vegetables - "great".30 minutes later the waiter brings a plate with a tiny roasted carrot, a potato and a couple of green beans. "what happened to the quinoa I ask?"  The waiter tells me the chef decided not to make it. I was flabbergasted. Other diners said their meals were okay, not great. One diner who ordered the steak received his meal 15 minutes after everyone else's entree was served.I would not dream of eating here again.Way over priced and under delivers.
4	Food - amazingService - badSo we went here last night for a dinner with about 30 people, so there was a pre-arranged menu and everything.  We were supposed to start out with appetizers, followed by a salad, followed by our entree with some family style sides, followed by dessert.Instead, we received all of the appetizers + sides at once.  There was so much food on the table that it was crowding everyone because it wasn't made to fit that much on the table.  Then, when they served the entrees, they served us our meal, and then about 20 minutes later they brought more sides!!!  We were all stuffed, it was so weird.Anyways, the service was weird and out of order and confused, but the food was amazing.  The calamari was fantastic, the salami on the meat plate was delicious, the mac and cheese was to die for, and the steak was fabulous as well.  Very delicious.  So even though the service was really strange and weird, the food was so good, they still get 4 stars!
4	Pretty damn good! We had the lunch tasting menu (approximately $20/person -- ridiculously good deal a Cosmo restaurant). It's quite the value restaurant. Go here for a casual lunch or dinner!I ordered the fried chicken sandwich -- big and juicy with the right amount of crisp on the skin. YUMMY!The chocolate dessert was good. Don't do the creme brulee. It barely had any vanilla beans and it was quite mediocre.
3	Beautiful restaurant.  My girlfriends and I were seated by the balcony window so it was a great view.  I ordered the Beef Braised Short Rib and the mac and cheese.  The ribs were good but the I thought the serving was relatively small for the price but, hey, it's the Strip after all.  Another friend ordered the Prime Rib and that looked delicious and had me wishing I had ordered that instead.
4	Comme Ca, a French brasserie with a stunning terrace view of the half scale Eiffel Tower, offers a $17.50, three course lunch special featuring delights such as steamed mussels and pot de creme. The best part - lunch runs late.Grab a table at 4:15 p.m. - (lunch close at 5 p.m.)  and linger through the evening.
3	Me and my girlfriend decided (spontaneously) to try this restaurant since we both never been to this restaurant. All I can say, we/I enjoyed our meal. We had the escargot, frog legs (which I had for the first time & it was tasty), lamb (that melts in your mouth), crispy pork belly (which I think is very unhealthy but crazy delicious) & definitely had a glass of Pinot Grigio & Riesling to go along with our dinner.  But the service was "okay" - I'm sorry.Will I go back again in the future? possible!Will I recommend this place? based on the food, yes!
2	Another Vegas disappointment. I had been excited to try this restaurant (we have one in LA, which I have yet to get to) and meeting old friends over dinner made this night a little more special, so the pressure was on! I will say that the decor and ambiance of the restaurant was very nice. They definitely spent some coin, but it was not over the top and flashy. Rather elegant and understated. We settled in for our meal on a good note. I thought the menu looked great. Very diverse. The kind of menu that would keep you coming back to try new things. Unfortunately, the service, the food and the drinks just did not add up. Our server tended to tell us what he liked when we asked how something was. "How are the beignet's?""I like the caramel such and such" This is how it was all night. We had Escargot (good, but greasy), Mac n Cheese (nothing special), Pork belly (most liked of the night), Risotto (ok), Chicken (which our server said was the best chicken dish in the world - just ok), Lamb Shank (which was overly sauced, tender, but again nothing that blew me away). How were the Beignet's you ask? They were the standout!Listen the food is solid here, but if I am going to spend that kinda dough, I want something better. Better service and more inspired tastes.
4	Good restaurant at the Cosmo. They have indoor and outdoor seating though the heater outside was busted. The food was pretty good. I enjoyed the mac and cheese and the rib eye the most. Dessert was good with a large variety. The macarons were a tad disappointing though, the shell was too flaky and crunchy.  Service was really very attentive and friendly.
3	My boyfriend and I ate here on the last night of our trip. We ordered the charcuterie and the cheese plate. The charcuterie was good but I would definitely recommend the cheese plate if you enjoy fine cheese. Very small portions of cheese but delicious. I ordered the ginger joy to drink. Delicious and the perfect pallet cleanser for the meal. We ordered the steak and the lamb shank. The steak was good, nothing too special. The lamb was very tender and juicy, a good choice. We were disappointed by the overall dining experience. The whole meal from beginning to end took 2 hours. At some points it felt like we were forgotten about since our waiter was busy tending to the large part seated next to us. We skipped dessert because after 2 hours we were ready to get out of there. Overall good food, just not the best service on a busy night.
5	I finally made it to Comme Ca for lunch!  Now what's so special about their lunch you ask?  For me, one specific dish has intrigued me for a long time just because of how bizarre it sounds....their Duck Confit Cinnamon Bun.I've waited a looooooong time to try their Duck Confit Cinnamon Bun.  Mainly because I guess it's a seasonal dish and it's been on and off the menu.  Last time I was Vegas, it was off the menu and I was devastated.  Like Harold and Kumar devastated when they discovered that their closest White Castle turned into a hot dog joint.When I arrived at Comme Ca it was for a late lunch and the place was pretty much empty by then.  That's a good thing for me since it would mean that I'd get extra attention from my server.  Her name was Britney and she was awesome!  I loved how she read my mind and knew that I was there for the Duck Confit Cinnamon Bun when I said I wanted something unusually different and waited a long time to try it.So here it is!  Duck Confit Cinnamon Bun with smoked bacon frosting, huckleberry, and Pork Bellyhttp://bit.ly/Vn2SCtWas it worth the hype?  You betcha!!!  It's funny how this is listed on the menu as an appetizer.  The taste is really unique when you have the sweetness from the bun and huckleberry and then combined with the smoked and savory flavor of the duck confit, bacon frosting, and pork belly slices, you have a kaleidoscope of flavors all over your taste buds.  Despite being an appetizer, it was really rich in that whole thing can fill you up.  It's like breakfast, lunch, and dessert all in one!  This definitely ranks as one of the best things I've ever eaten on the Vegas strip.Yeah it may be a little too premature to give Comme Ca 5 stars based off of one lunch dish, let alone an appetizer, but the whole experience with the nice view of the strip, awesome service, and enjoying one of the one of the of creative dishes I've ever eaten, it totally says 5 stars all over!  I can't wait to go back next time!
5	Comme Ca has a very special place in my heart. I have been to the bar and restaurant on countless occasions. I tend to wander here if I'm in the Cosmo whether or not I have come to the Cosmo specifically to come to Comme Ca or not. My most recent trip was to the bar for happy hour, a happy hour I have experienced in the past - but with drinks only. This time I went with an empty belly, ready to eat and drink.Ordered - Their quite famous Comme Ca burger, and it was delicious. Ordered medium well and I asked to have them hold back on the amount of fries. As noted by my friend with whom I was dining, she mentioned the sheer amount of fries they put on the plate would be overwhelming. The burger was simply delicious and not too big, nor too small. It was quite perfect actually. It comes with two sauces - a white kind, not sure what it was, and ketchup. The french fries were so on spot I cannot say a bad thing about them. I ate all of them. *FATTY* - No really, I hardly ever eat all the fries that are presented to me at restaurants, but I could not resist these ones.Drinks - I ordered from their 18A cocktail menu. Both drinks I had were vodka based - the first being a minty refreshing concotion made with a splash of champagne and the second was the aviation, a drink I commonly order at cocktail bars. Comme Ca did me good with both drinks. I cannot wait to return for another happy hour trip. I shall explore their menu further.
4	Comme Ca is still holding strong at 4 stars! I would need some consistency in the dining room experience before I move them up to 5, but the bar/happy hour experience is probably one of the best I've ever had in town!Since my last review, I've been here for happy hour more times than I can count and I'm happy to report my many wishes on many stars have come true as they now offer food during happy hour. M-F 5:30-7 and Sat.-Sun 5-7, Comme Ca continues to offer their 18A prohibition-themed cocktail menu for 50% off and now a limited (but delicious!) bar menu for 50% off. This bar menu includes the famed Comme Ca burger, the charcuterie plate (seriously a steal!), cheese plates, oysters, pig fries (basically pork belly fries-AMAZE) and a few desserts, salads and tidbits. The cocktail menu continues to be fun, interesting and delicious! Some of my favorites are the Thyme for Bourbon, Queen's Park Swizzle and Penicillin. The drink menu is broken out by liquor and then there are three or four other random specialty cocktails that were created by some of the bartenders. The service at the bar has always been good, but I've seen some improvements and service has been consistently great. I'm really terrible with names and am kind of embarrassed that I don't know any of the bartenders names except for Nate (not sure if he works there anymore), but they've all been really nice and conversational!My experience in the dining room has been varied which is why I still leave a star off. I've had equally as many so-so meals with equally ho-hum service as I have above average meals with excellent service. I came for Restaurant Week last year and had an incredible meal that restored my faith (brick roasted chicken, I'm looking at YOU!), but will have to give the dining room a couple more go rounds before I can round my rating up. Even if it does continue to disappoint, the lounge is a redeeming grace that has only gotten better with time.Comme Ca almost has the casual feel of a neighborhood bar with food and drinks that are as creative as they are delicious. I can live without the dining room for now but would give it a try again with managed expectations.
3	Since I was staying at the Cosmopolitan, the BF and I decided to stop here for lunch.  The appearance from the entrance was deceiving--it looked like a dark, empty bar with nobody inside.  We were wary.  Turns out, they have a huge restaurant past the bar area with huge windows that overlook the Strip.  There's also a small outdoor patio area.I was in love w/the decor, it's got great ambiance and it's a great date-y restaurant.They have a 3 course lunch offering for $19.50, which is what I chose.  I picked:1) the French onion soup--not the best I've ever had.  Not the worst either.  But it wasn't as tasty as it should've been and the crouton on top was sooooo hard, it was pretty inedible.  Even soaked in soup, it was rock hard.  :(2) the oven roasted tomato tartine w/goat cheese and argula.  Sounded delicious.  I don't eat a lot of meat and this sounded wonderful.  However, I was *SO* disappointed.  It was literally half of a baguette topped with some tomatoes, goat cheese, and arugula and stuck under the broiler.  So sad.  Do not order this unless you want a piece of bread with some tomatoes on it.  :'(3) the creme brulee.  O-M-G.  This was the best creme brulee I've ever had in my life, seriously.  It was so perfectly creamy and had tons of vanilla seeds.  Just sooooooo good.  I would go back just for the creme brulee.  Clearly, they have a pastry chef who knows what they're doing.
2	I have no idea why people are rating this 4 or 5 stars.  I'm a foodie. I've been all over the world including having real French cuisine in France.  This is NOT real French brasserie food.We had appetizers, salad, wine, and dessert.  I had a Roasted Beet salad. The I've had roasted beet salads in the past with real roasted beets. These beets tasted like they came out of a can. The little cubes of beets were buried under a bunch of other salad. The presentation was meh.I had the fried frogs legs. The batter was very light which was nice.  The legs themselves were very tender. But the actual frogs legs had no taste at all. There was hardly any seasoning. Worse yet, they tasted like they had been boiled in water first. Blech.My next appetizer was the tongue.  It came in a little pot to make it look like it had been cooked in that pot old school style. I assure you, I know better. The pot was just window dressing.  The sauce was very thick and salty. The tongue itself was cooked correctly - tender and juicy. So this dish was acceptable but definitely not a big hit. I've had many different preparations of tongue. My favorite is old school Cantonese style.My wife's coffee was lukewarm and very bitter. They made her a new cup and it was still pretty bitter. It didn't have a good body and aroma.Dessert were beignets and Frangelico souffle.  Ever had a donut hole? These were basically donut holes filled with a custard filling. And they were cold. Really? Beignets are supposed to be warm, light and fluffy. These appeared to have been defrosted from the freezer.The souffle was better. It was light and tasty. It was the best part of the dinner.Oh and we had wine. I had a blend of pinot noir and cabernet. I won't comment on the wine as everyone has a different palate. But they served it in a small wine glass of the type you find at cheap cafes that serve cheap table wine. This was a $15 glass of wine. The wine glass should have been much larger to allow the wine to breathe and the pour should have been much more generous.BTW, service was very unprofessional.  Servers were basically just kids. They didn't know how to serve. There was lots of fumbling and bumbling. I guess the days of professional waiters are gone.The bill came out to $150. Really? Give me a break!  This was a 1.5 star dinner.  Save your money and the next time you want real French food, go find a good local French restaurant. I'm sure you'll enjoy the experience much more.
4	One of the best happy hour places I've ever been in Vegas, and especially in the Strip.  Must try the cocktail menu.  The bartenders were more mixologists, crafting the cocktails rather than just pouring drinks.  I had about 6 cocktails but the Rose Eight and El Gaupo were 2 drinks that I was able to remember.  LOL.  .Alex and Lenny made our happy hour .  We tried about 4 dishes  in the happy hour menu and it isn't bad as some of the reviews mentioned.  I will definitely return here once I"m back.  Cheers Comme Ca!
4	We came here for happy hour and it is definitely a great value.  An assortment of dishes including oysters and clams were half off.  We ordered the steak tartare, burger, bone marrow, the shellfish platter, escargots and foie gras though the latter was not part of the happy hour menu.  If we didn't order the foie, it would have been an even better deal as it would been around $125 with drinks and that was for five.  I highly recommend trying their happy hour.
4	Comme Ca has made its way into my favorites for strip-dining. Prices aren't crazy, food is great, and the way they took the fine dining concept and made it more comfortable is fabulous. The view helps too. Be sure to request a "window seat" when you make your res. Good way to impress your date ;)Servers are dressed in plaid & jeans. They're genuinely upbeat and friendly and I haven't met a server that isn't a good "sales-person" too (if you catch my drift). They also respect your privacy, don't comment on your conversation and know just when to come around. They are very good at what they do. Which is another reason why I like to take people here. It's upscale without being intimidating while offering mid-to-high price items. Nothing says cozy like eating a $75 steak on a paper placemat. You don't have to worry if you're using the right fork or if the stuffy suits next to you think you have bad posture. *kidding* *not really*On the Menu: Not to miss is the Bone Marrow with Oxtail Jam. The bone marrow is average but that Oxtail Jam takes center stage! Lots of tender meat, rich flavor, and little bits of ligament in it. It's just perfection and needs to be eaten on a regular basis. The beef tartare is by-the-book but noteworthy. It's served with some house-pickled stuff which is delicious. If you're considering the Duck Confit, I would skip it. I ordered it once and it was pretty miserable. Maybe miserable is a harsh word but I definitely didn't enjoy it. It was a less than hot and the flavor was lacking depth. Entree-wise, I suggest passing on the steak-frites. I see people order it all the time. It isn't the best in Vegas and not worth the price tag. I made the mistake of ordering it once and was less than impressed. There are so many more tasty options on the menu--like the scallops, short rib or lamb--so why would you settle for something so average? The short rib on the current menu is served with farro (which is my new latest healthy grain obsession--step aside quinoa!) and probably one of my favorite short ribs in Vegas. Seems like there's one on every menu but this one actually stands out. Lamb is also excellent. I like how they incorporate grapes in the recipes--adds a nice touch of sweetness to the dish. Oh, and if your there on a Friday, be sure to order the scallop special at least once. You won't regret it. The food here doesn't scream overly fancy creative stuff but it doesn't have to. Chef Brian does an excellent job of serving up enjoyable versions of these French classics. Just more reason why I think this place is great for dates or group dinners. There's something everyone will love but its still special.
4	We had a great meal here with really good service and a awesome view. They have a very interesting cocktail menu. I was interested in the SUNFLOWER-gin, cointreau, elderflower liquor, fresh squeezed lemon & absinthe, but I was worried about the absinthe. I have had it before and I am not too keen on the flavor. My server assured me that it was very mild and he was right. It was tasty, but I must say it was ridiculously small. My husband even made a comment about the glasses being kiddie cups. My husband ordered the NEW YORK SOUR-bourbon, sugar, egg white, freshly squeezed lemons, red wine float. He enjoyed it and again tiny and 15.00! I don't mind paying for a good drink, but if it's gone after 3 sips, it's not worth it. That was the only real disappointing part of my meal.I was excited and had been for a while after seeing the menu on line, not to mention the pictures on Yelp, about having that roasted bone marrow with oxtail jam! It did not disappoint. So sinfully delicious! I suggest you share and eat the bone marrow part of the dish while its hot. As it cools, reality sets in. The fat hardens and you are reminded with each spoonful of what your eating and you can almost feel your arteries clogging.My husband ordered the Handmade Charcuterie and he absolutely loved it! He was going uncontrollably back and forth between my oxtail jam and his meat and pate feast! The only negative for him was that he does not like star anise, and it seems they must use it to braise their oxtail. Still, he found it all incredible. For my entree, I ordered the mussels. I had always thought that I didn't like mussels, but recently had a dish that contained mussels and I loved it. Sadly, at Comme Ca, it was not for me. I really can't point out why. It wasn't bad and my husband really enjoyed it. Something was not right for me. Who knows, maybe it was the bone marrow settling on my tongue, I really can't say. My husband thought the mussels were perfectly cooked and very fresh tasting.My husband ordered the short rib and it was perfection. I made him trade plates with me. I was really surprised with the decent portion sizes as well. We were able to share and it was more than enough food. I like the fact that they have daily specials on the menu, it sort of gives it a down to earth feel with an upscale venue and upscale food. I did enjoy their presentation of their dishes as well. I recommend giving them a try, just don't expect to get any kind of buzz from the miniature cocktails they serve.( The only pretentious part of this place)  Get a beer or a good scotch on the rocks.
4	Came here for a friend's birthday...very pricey, but well worth it for the quality (most of it)! The atmosphere is dim and elegant, and the waiters/waitresses are always smiling and accommodating...big plus! Food took a while, but that's what appetizers are for:Vegetable spring soup: Small bowl of soup (Came in a big plate) for $15...this was not worth it for me. It was too salty and did not taste like anything. The only plus would be the fresh, colorful veggies adorning the soup like colorful little gems...Visually appealing, but nothing I would order again.Brussel sprout sides ($11): Yummmmm! You can definitely taste the maple syrup along with the chunks of bacon. I loved this dish!Rib eye bone-in steak with diane sauce ($55): Holy moly! Very thick cut that was cooked and seasoned excellently! The diane sauce with mushrooms is salty though, so be sure to really eat it with the steak and not just on its own (I always do that to taste test!) The cheese balls or whatever it was in the little bowl was also a great variation aside from the usual potato. Super delicious, creamy, and soft! Definitely the star of the meal!Comme Ca Burger ($18): Quite delicious...juicy and soft. It was truly an amazing burger, and the fries were paired with a creamy white sauce instead of the usual ketchup. Thick meat patty, layered with veggies and cheese...yum yum yum!Braised short rib: EXTREMELY soft! Melts in your mouth with wonderful flavor wow! Seemed to be a smaller portion for the price, but it's perfect for the tummy of an average girl. Whiskey cocktail with a twist: It's really an old fashioned with ABSINTHE! Super strong, but boyfriend loved it! Goes down smooth with a hint of citrus.Penicillin: I was recovering from a cold, so why not? Scotch with ginger, honey, and all things good for you...I really enjoyed the prominent ginger flavor, which was mellowed out by honey, followed by the smokey scotch aftertaste. It was very smooth and the flavors flowed together harmoniously...with a kick! Sam Collins: Light and citrusy...a lot lighter than I'd expect the average Collins drink to be, but maybe it's one of the sleeper drinks that taste so good that you don't know what hit you til you're on the floor!Vanilla creme brulee: Wow! The custard portion was absolutely amazing, and the vanilla bean flavor really made it stand out. I've tried vanilla bean creme brulee before, but this tasted more custard-y/egg-y than usual. I thought it was amazing though. Check in to four-square to get this free dessert!Frangelico Souffle: Light, fluffy, AMAZING. Creamy inside with just a touch of Frangelico to tickle your taste buds. This is a must-have for the souffle fans.Overall, the meal was WOW. Experience was WOW. Wallet was Awww....I'd be back for a crazy fancy occasion, but in Vegas, there are so many other high end restaurants to try yeesh!PS: Friend had the foie gras and she said it was one of the best she's ever had. She wasn't as keen on her pork belly though ("It wasn't what I expected").
1	Let me start off by saying that the food was ok. SERVICE WAS AWFUL!!!!!! If I were basing this solely on food, i'd give it 3 stars. Pricey but somewhat worth it...somewhat being a key word. However, the manager responsible for the night when I visited for my bachelorette party makes me wish we had not wasted our time here. Our group got nothing but salads and burgers and it took over 40 mins for our food to arrive. When the manager came over to explain that it would be another 15+ minutes, I complained that we were going to lose our reservation for our next appointment and I didn't understand why it was taking so long. "Have you ever dealt with food? Then you know that a well done burger takes over 40 minutes to cook since this is not a run of the mill type of restaurant" was his answer to my complaint! Yes, I've dealt with food before. I love cooking and I've never taken over 40 mins to cook a burger (well done or not). Then he rushed us once we got our tab and "urged (us) to go to (our) next appointment quickly". Our server was not terrible(aside from the fact that maybe he forgot to put in our order? we never did figure out why our food took so long) but if this is the type of service we received from the manager, I wonder what would've happened if we had complained to the server himself!SO DISSAPPOINTED. We were badly treated and received no apology for it. Would never go back to this place.
4	This place is great.  Decent prices (especially for Vegas), good variety on the menu plus some unique daily specials and a strong list of wine / cocktails.  Service was friendly and knowledgeable about wine.  Plus, the restaurant itself provides a great view of the las vegas strip.I ordered the braised veal with polenta (this may no longer by on the menu as it varies) and a glass of wine - everything was excellent.Would definitely come back.
3	recently ate at CC with group of eight and tried a number of things but nothing memorable albeit charred calamari is done differently than I have seen or tried before.  I had flatiron steak but prefer this entree at Mon Ami Gabi as they cut theirs differently and don't bury the steak with french fries.  The dining room is nice with good view however service was a bit uneven.
1	Do not come here with a large party as the servers will be MIA knowing that they are entitled to their standard gratuity. In addition when you ask to cancel an entree order due to being swindled into two seafood towers when you only needed one, and the excuse of the 'order is almost out'   Shows a Clear lack of integrity as 45 minutes later there were still no entrees to be found.
4	Very nice. The flatbread goat cheese appetizer is delicious and a meal in itself. Had the brick chicken for my entree, which was basically half a chicken over an amazing mushroom and bacon sauce. The chicken was very juicy and cooked just right. Very good wine selection and the view can't be beat. The prices are reasonable for a high end strip restaurant. They have an outdoor patio, which I would recommend eating at if the weather is nice. Amazing view of the best part of the strip.
5	My favorite hangout in Las Vegas. Hands down the best cocktails in the city. The Burger is amazing. The fries are amazing. Fried Chicked is amazing. I love that they are so creative and daring with their menu; they aren't afraid to try new things. The bar menu so good, especially during happy hour when most items are half off. One bit of advice I tell my friends is to just do a walk in, and sit in the bar/loung area. The full menu is available, and you can meet and talk with the mixologists.
4	We went here last night and had a really nice time. Food was really good, but more American (or even British - I've never seen pork belly in France) than French. Dessert was particularly good. We also enjoyed our cocktails and some good post-prandial tea. Loses one point for being very expensive (our bill was about $170), but then this is Vegas!
3	I went here with my family for Easter brunch buffet.  For $49/person, it was ok.  They have charcuterie (meats and cornichons), cheeses, duck confit cinnamon rolls, beer can chicken, lamb, trout, quiche, veggies, breads, potato salad, honey ham, apple scones, cupcakes, lemon tart, pots de creme and eclairs.  The food was excellent. I especially liked the charcuterie, quiche, duck confit cinnamon rolls, eclairs (with maple/chocolate on top and and inside) and chicken (moist and tender meat with crispy skin).  The view was great.  The service was excellent.  Our server checked on us a few times and was very pleasant, sweet and friendly.  Executive Chef Brian Howard was making his rounds to make sure everything was delicious.Well, everything was delicious until I found egg shells and short brown hair in my food.  Gross!  Don't people wear hair nets while working in the kitchen these days?  I wasn't fond of the trout either.  I had to put some chimichurri on it so it would taste better.I'd like to come back again to try their regular lunch/dinner menu...and hopefully I won't see anything gross in my food/plate anymore.
5	Thanks to Outlook mangling the time zone, I ended up arriving early for dinner and took a seat at the bar for happy hour before moving on to a meal. Charcuterie plate was above average, but the shrimp cocktail was outstanding with firm, giant prawns. The bar has embraced the craft cocktails trend, but the bartenders are cool enough to not cross over from hip to hipster d-bag. I highly recommend the happy hour and the cocktails.Dinner was outstanding, with excellent service. Had I not had so much at happy hour I would have happily finished my steak diane. The wine selection was good enough to satisfy my wine snob colleagues from work.Dinner came out around $100/person by the time we were through. Compared to a lot of the strip that's pretty good, and this was one of our top meals on this trip.
5	Just went back here last Friday night. I've gone vegan since the last time we were here and I was concerned I wouldn't be able to eat anything.So I called ahead and everyone assured me they would happily accommodate my requests as they frequently get vegans and vegetarians. I made a reservation and Paulette noted my vegan status for everyone in advance.The waiter knew right away that I was vegan and while he wasn't very clear on what vegan is (kept asking me if I wanted items that had dairy, eggs or honey in them), he was very helpful overall and said he'd let the chef know how "strict" I was and see what he could come up with.So instead of just veganizing salads and vegetable sides from the regular menu, the chef offered a true menu-worthy vegan meal that included a beet salad with almond puree and crispy kale as a starter and a grilled zucchini steak over "forbidden" rice as a main course. It was really nice.What a welcome change from the all-too-familiar "no changes, no substitutions" that have become standard in LA dining.The bf ordered the fish of the day which was a combo of crab and scallops which he said were fantastic. He also ordered the souffle for dessert. I could tell just by looking at it that it was amazing and he confirmed it. He rarely finishes dessert but he definitely did this time. It's well worth waiting for. Of course the cocktails were wonderful as well and the view of the strip while eating is always fun.We will keep coming back.
3	Stopped in for lunch to try the $19.50 special menu... food was mostly good, but the lunch rush killed service near the end.Both of us started with the french onion soup which came out looking awesome. The bread in here is a couple of baguette slices covered in cheese. Neat touch. We both found the soup to be too sweet, though. It was still good, but the type of onions used made it just a little over the top for our tastes.2nd course was the croque madame and french dip ($8 up charge). Oh man, was that ham and cheese sandwich good! Thank goodness we have a microwave in our room because the 2nd half of this makes a kick ass late night  snack. Surprisingly, it didn't come with any fries (sad trombone) but the french dip came with enough to share. Speaking of the french dip, it was a slight disappointment. The beef seemed over cooked so it wasn't really flavorful, even though it was mixed with some horseradish... but the fries and au jus were still excellent.Dessert was creme brulee and a chocolate mousse. Both of these were solid, but we were pretty full so we only had a few bites of each.Service was by the bartenders (we were at the booths in the front of the restaurant) and initially they did a great job keeping food coming and drinks full, but around halfway through our meal the bar was hit with several groups and they suddenly disappeared. A couple of groups actually got up and left before putting in an order due to the wait. We were simply waiting for a check and a manager eventually helped us, but this was after trying to get the bartenders attention for awhile.Overall I think this is a good spot for lunch, perhaps a regular table with a dedicated waiter would have made it a better experience so we'll try that next time.
3	Very delicious and great customer service.
5	Brunch at Comme Ca is amazing. The Red Velvet Bacon pancakes were delicious. They locally source their eggs, pork, tomatoes, etc. which is rare for Las Vegas. Definitely a can't miss experience.
2	I don't remember when I've enjoyed dinner company as much as I did here, but for the life of me I can't remember what I ate, and my wife is tired of me asking whether or not I enjoyed my dinner.
4	Comme ca-Located in cosmopolitan, may utilize opentable to reserve.This place, we were seated by the side of the restaurant with amazing views! The food, we ordered roasted bone marrow (comes with shredded pork), their special of the day: fried pork cutlet with eggs and something else...and the pork shank. First, the bone marrow comes with 1 bone only, expensive but it does come with shredded pork, so it's actually plentiful. The appetizers special of the day, well i know it's pork cutlet, it was amazing, quite a bug appetizer but a bit too salty...the pork shank is huge!! So if you're bringing only one other guest, this is a lot of food, we had leftover which was placed in a nice cosmo bag. The pork shank is tender, falls off the huge bone for the most part, they had a special cocktail for the day, included some bubbly inside, pretty good, forgot the name already. Our waitress was nice and quick, she knows her dishes and specials well, good recommendations by her, will visit again, yum yummm
1	A group of 6 of us went here because almost all the other restaurants  at the Cosmo had long waits. We were all pretty hungry and the place wasnt busy so we figured we would get our food in a timely manner. It took almost 2 hours after we ordered for the food to come out! And on top of that, my friend and I ordered steak and they were not cooked the way we asked. It looked liked they served us a huge plate of fries with a small piece of extremely rare steak. I don't know if the large amount of fries was to make up for the time it took but overall we all that it was terrible!
5	I recommend whatever the chefs special is!!  A lot of their ingredients, eggs for example, come from their own farms so you know what you're eating is fresh!
5	If the weather permits, sit outside (or at the very least a window). The view is great! My boyfriend and I went with a Groupon deal and it was well worth it. Service was wonderful, wine was good, food had so much flavor, and the view really added to the atmosphere. We were able to book the reservation through Open Table.It would have been pretty pricey without the Groupon deal but we did like it enough to discuss coming back for wine and dessert.
4	It's rated best in the city for 2012, so my wife and I went to try this place out late at night. I agree that the price is a little expensive for their menu, but the quality of the food deserves a four star. We didn't have any wait since we went there around 10PM. The waiter was super friendly and very attentive. It was over 100 degrees outside so we picked a table by the window to enjoy the strip view.We ordered half a dozen of fresh oysters, for $3.25 each, which is a little more than market price in a fancy hotel/restaurant. The meat is fresh and the size is reasonable, so there's no complain to it. We then had foie gras for appetizer, which is $22 per plate. The size is really small for that price, but again, the taste made up everything. My wife had lamb and I had braised pork shank for the main course. Both dishes was made to its perfection! The food is highly recommended and the wait staffs are all very friendly and attentive. I will definitely come back to this place when I visit Vegas again.
4	Being relatively poor students, my girlfriend and I popped in here during our stay at Cosmo for the half-price appetizer happy hour. We had the calamari dish, some kind of tartare, and something with fries (specific, right?). The specifics aren't important really.  What is important is that, though ridiculously expensive for two students, even at half-price, everything exceeded our expectations.Maybe I'm just a boorish Midwestern clodhopper, but I was expecting the calamari to be...you know...fried and unhealthy -- in the vein of chewy onion rings (that's how calamari appetizers are done everywhere else seemingly). Instead we got a whole squid (grilled? steamed?) to more or less dissect and eat, which...was impressive, delicious, and awesome. I felt like a giddy boy in 7th grade Bio again (a vibe totally antithetical to what Comme Ca is probably trying to accomplish, but whatever). Still...I highly recommend the half-priced happy hour to students or to anyone on a budget who still wants to live it up (a little).
5	If you've read my last review of Comme Ca, you know how crazy I went for the Duck Confit Cinnamon Roll.  I enjoyed it so much that I had to have it again, despite it being just an appetizer.  So I stopped over for lunch again, and of course, ordered it again!This is just too good:   http://bit.ly/12hsJ2sWhat's interesting now is that they made the two pork belly pieces even bigger which pretty much brings this dish way beyond appetizer status.  The flavors were once again all over the place with the bacon frosting, duck confit, and raspberry compote. Very sweet and savory and it was just enough to keep me filled up for a good amount of time.  And just like last time, it was epic!Once again, I had another awesome waiter that was very enthusiastic and attentive.  Even he agreed that the Duck Confit Cinnamon Roll shouldn't be listed under Appetizers and should also be served for Dinner.Comme Ca has already become a must-go Vegas stop for me and I'll be looking forward to my next visit.  I know their dinner menu is pretty awesome, especially with their daily specials.  If you haven't been to Comme Ca yet, definitely give them a try, especially for the Duck Confit Cinnamon Roll!
4	The food and view from Comme Ca was a absolutely great. We ate here for lunch on a Saturday and were very impressed with the service. Price may have been a bit high for what we got, but because we had a Groupon it worked out great. Would absolutely recommend, but be warned, it definitely isn't a "traditional" french restaurant
5	Delicious place. Dang.
4	I was in Vegas for work and stayed at the Cosmo so this place was really convienent.  If you were to judge a book by the cover you would not expect the unique menu items avail.  I ordered the salmon and it was great.  The portion sizes could have been a little larger.
1	I hate to give this place one star but I have to. The service was good but I got sick as a dog from eating the food here. I had the French onion soup and it was watery and tasted sour, I thought they added too much wine or something. I let my husband try it and he said it tasted like a bullion cube, whatever I'm easy so I just ate a little of it and looked forward to my chicken dinner. I feel so stupid now. The chicken had a nice crispy outer layer and it was in some sort of goo that had a thick skin, I just swirled it around. When I bit into the chicken it didn't taste right, it was like it wasn't cooked long enough. Then I thought well you were just at Andres with a famous chef, Grace your being a snob the chicken isn't bad. So I ate most of it. The next 24 hours all the food came out of both ends (sorry to be graphic). I would give it more stars because the service is really nice and the view was beautiful but the thought of that chicken is making me queasy while writing this.
3	Service was ok, food was good, the view was amazing!
4	I live in LA and somehow I wait till Vegas to try Comme Ca, funny how that happens! Our server Kim was so sweet and gave us the highlights of the menu. Oysters were on our agenda so the Island Creek oysters from Massachusetts were a must. I was new to this meaty east coast variety and was pleasantly surprised when I was hit by the refreshing clean taste and concentrated briny flavor. OMG these oysters were quite spectacular, and I was sad to hear that they're hard to find on the west coast. We got a couple starters, the Roasted Bone Marrow & Oxtail Jam was something I couldn't wait to try. I love bone marrow but was disappointed that there was hardly any marrow on the bone. Don't get me wrong the marrow was awesome with the plump oxtail jam, just wished we had more of it! We also had the Brick Roasted Calamari with Ratatouille and Pickled Ramp Vinaigrette. The impressively large squid was cooked perfectly. I loved the charred flavor of the squid with the stewed vegetables. While we waited for our entrees, it was time to order another bottle of vino. Our sommelier Bruno picked out the most delicious bottle of Orin Swift D66. This rich fruit forward red with hints of cherries and vanilla was just stunning. Our roasted porchetta special arrived next at our table, Pork belly wrapped around a pork tenderloin. Yes bring on the awesome! I thought the flavors of this dish were excellent, loved the pork belly but the tenderloin was just a tad bit overcooked. Our non-meat eating friend went to town on the Steamed Mussels Mariniere. I sampled a few and loved dipping some pommes frites in the herbaceous white wine sauce. The service here was awesome (Merci Bruno!) and the ambiance was pretty lively. This meal was the perfect start to a fun filled evening.
3	We came here for the dinner Groupon menu. Perhaps it was a Tuesday night, but there were about five other tables filled. No matter, we got a seat for two right next to the windows, with a lovely view of the Strip. The Groupon menu was for two courses plus a drink (bubbles or house wine). Considering that one entree can go up to $30-40, a $50 Groupon for 2 was an excellent deal. I cannot recall exactly what was on the menu but we ordered the bubbles, French onion soup, and steak with fries. The French onion soup was probably one of the best I've had on the Strip, and I used to think Mon Ami Gabi was pretty good. The cheese was nicely melted and the soup was not overly salty. Next came the steak and fries -- and by that, I mean mountain of fries. If the steak wasn't there, it would fill the entire plate and then some. The steak itself was nicely cooked, juicy and done well. I've had better (Sage or Pamplemousse) The bf said he really liked the steak and he's the expert -- he was able to finish his 8 oz and part of mine. Warning: They will ask if you'd like sauce on the side of your steak -- it's an extra $3. We got the peppercorn and the bourgonnaise (sp?) sauce. The peppercorn was fantastic, if you decide to get sauce. I feel like a steak that needs sauce is not good steak, and I did have to use a healthy amount -- that is just my opinion, however.With that said, you do get extremely stuffed. The portions look small but are plentiful. The bill had gratuity already added (party of 2) and it was based on its actual value ($108) rather than the Groupon's $50. That is reasonable though, can't shaft the waiters because of a coupon.I would go back again for the soup, but Comme Ca is just alright.
5	Like every restaurant in the Cosmopolitan, even the Cosmo itself, Comme Ca is artfully presented and beautiful to sit in and look at.  There's outdoor seating overlooking the strip, and the right amount of lighting to take the strip in.  The noise level is moderate and a nice break from the general din in LV.As a Californian I found the seared foie gras heavenly, so heavenly that I had two of them.  The glazed onion alongside was wonderful with the duck confit in a crisp wrap.  The steak tartare is wonderfully seasoned and perfect on the grilled bread.  Before that I go through a dozen kumamoto oysters.I've also had brunch here, there are good offerings.  I did go the healthy route and enjoyed their oatmeal.Service is attentive, casual and friendly.  The offer a good wine list, and will probably make or bring whatever you'd like to have if you asked for it.
4	Word on the street is that Comme Ca in LA serves up the finest burger in Southern California if not the nation. So while in Vegas I decided to visit the sister location at cosmopolitan and give the burger a whirl and let me tell you brother, it is pretty damn delicious. The patty is certified angus beef and its covered in vermont cheddar alongside very crispy pomme frites. I would rank this burger in my top five of all time.
4	The first thing you see is that the dining room is excellent...old world and contemporary all at the same time while looking out on the strip. My brother and I went small and ordered the French Onion Soup and it was really good, but needing a hint of salt. French fries were good with black pepper aioli. We also shared the bone marrow with oxtail jam and it was like meat candy on a crostini.The cocktails were also very good and so was the service. Would definitely come back if I ever come back to Vegas.
5	one of the best happy hours on the strip good drinks and the food is the best
4	Sat on the patio for a brunch with a friend. It has a great view of the strip. it was slightly hot, but they had ceiling fans and it was slightly breezy anyways.We ordered french onion soup, which was really sweet. Their quiche and chicken salad baguette was good.Service was just so-so. We constantly found our glass empty.We had to look around to search for our server. :-(
5	We had lunch, loved the Red Velvet Bacon Waffles with cream cheese butter it was amazingly awesome! The French Dip was the best i have ever experienced in my lifetime!
3	My wife and I had dinner there after somebody raved about their L.A restaurant (We are from L.A). Our server was very attentive, although I had to ask to order some wine. He was knowledgeable about the food. Unfortunately, the food was disappointing. We ordered a roasted beet salad which was nice; probably the best executed dish of our dinner. I had a Calamari appetizer which was decent. My wife order a goat cheese and vegetable tart--flavor was nice, but the dough was totally underbaked (It was still pasty on the bottom). I ordered the pork shank. Again, it was nice, but for $32.00, did not impressed me. My wife ordered the roasted chicken that sounded good. It was a big portion ( leg, thigh, and breast). She was disappointed with the lack of flavor, and it was still a bit too pink at the  bone to eat, so she barely ate half.Total bill with cocktail,wine, and tip( we did not dare to try desert after what we felt was a mediocre meal), bill was $210. I would not mind the price if it was topnotch, but instead, it left me feeling a bit bitter and very disappointed. I am sure that the L.A. restaurant serves much better food than that, but I am not going to take a chance to find out.
3	The view is great. The food is pretty good.. We had a groupon and got the french onion soup and steak frites. The soup was far too sweet, I didn't like it at all. The fries were amazing!! And their garlic dip they served with it was awesome too. The steak however tasted like a cheap cut to me, and it was slightly over cooked because I ordered it medium rare. The waitress noticed and asked if I wanted them to throw on a new one without me even asking - but I didn't feel like waiting or doing that to the kitchen so I just dealt with it. So the service is good!! The cocktails were pretty good but very pricey. Ouch!! Strip pricing of course. The bread and butter was awesome but I don't think I would go back. With our groupon we still spent $130 - ouch!! It probably would have cost the same price without it.
4	We came on a Thursday evening for a pharmaceutical meet and greet. I ordered the steak and mash potatoes with creme brulee and a few too many glasses of white wine. - 3rd floor. Park on the eastside. - We were seated in a private area of 2 tables. - Great service. Once my wine glass was empty, they kept filling!- The salad was great. Although, a bit much on the dressing. - Creme Brulee was sweet. Crispy on top and soft inside. Recommend!- My steak was made medium. It was prepared perfectly, but a the meat was a bit tough to chew. - Although not the place to order steak, it is a wonderful venue to wine and dine to meet new people in beautiful Cosmo.
5	Get the damn Bone Marrow with Oxtail Jam. Get it and lose your mind.My next trip to Vegas will center around this appetizer!
5	It takes a heck of a lot to convince me to venture down to the strip during rush hour. Fortunately, I consider $1.50 oysters to be just the right amount of motivation. After seeing raves about Comme Ca's happy hour, I decided to Comme ci (Yes, I am a total nerd)  for myself.  The happy hour is crazy.  I think it's only good in the lounge and we sat at the bar.  All signature cocktails are half off and so are some food items.  I had 4 of the aforementioned $1.50 oysters and Steak Tartare (1/2 off) for my entree.  My friend had the Comme Ca Burger($9 instead of $18) and was nice enough to give me a nibble and the burger was as good as I remembered.  Service was great too and judging by the amount of people on a Monday evening, word about this happy hour is spreading fast.  Would definitely return for this HH.  Since the HH is only good in the lounge and it is still blazing hot outside, you have an incentive for agreeing to forgo the beautiful patio.
5	Was here last week with some buddies, and they are huge foie gras and bone marrow fans.  This place did not disappoint us, even though it was my first time trying either of those items.  Our server was very friendly and not too uptight, as I would have expected.  She was on the ball and the entire team worked well together.  I truly enjoyed my experience here and would like to try other items on the menu.The hotel itself is so glamorous and hip.  I would like to go back here again in the next few months.I should have dressed up better, but they didn't seem to mind.
4	The team took me to Comme Ca for lunch this past Friday and we had a great time.  When we arrived, we were walked to the back of the restaurant, where we can see the outside of the strip.  It was quite a nice view.  Our server was very attentive.  My ice tea was not very icy so she immediately switched it out with one that had more ice.  Onto the food.The bread sticks (on the house) were warm and tasty.The duck confit cinnamon roll was shared and it was very delicious.  I really enjoyed this started.  The creme anglaise and raspberry compote worked so well with the duck confit infused cinnamon roll.  This is something that I will order again next time.  DELICIOUS.  Though majority of the table didn't enjoy it as much.  If you are adventurous, do try!  The sauce was so delicious that I started dipping the bread sticks to eat the sauce.For my lunch item, I chose the house smoked salmon croissant.  I ate half of my croissant sandwich and I was stuffed.  I took it home and ate it for breakfast this morning. It was still delicious.I am a fan of Comme Ca, and will come back to enjoy it with my fiance.
5	Went for Happy Hour, in one word: Excellent. Great selection of drinks 50% off - lots of variety and very unique cocktails. The half off food menu isn't watered down either. I enjoyed tons of Oysters, the Oxtail bone marrow and the steak tartare and all were delicious and presented well. Bill came out to be about $100 with 20% tip, which I consider reasonable for the quality and service. I would absolutely recommend this place to anyone for Happy Hour if you want a better than your local bar or have a hot date!
2	I used a groupon and had brunch there.  The french onion soup was just ok and the chicken salad sandwich on baguette was forgettable.  I don't think I will be going back to this restaurant.  The view was nice from the window, though.  :-/
5	I was here on a Monday night when the daily special is "Fried Chicken." I had no idea what I was in for, but what arrived still has me smiling. This is, hands down, the best fried chicken in Las Vegas. Crispy skin, juicy meat, and a flavor profile that can only be described as "Yum." It was completely unexpected and entirely welcomed. Our server recommended that we end with a chocolate torte, and she was right. Several layers of chocolate in different styles creating a feeling of warmth, and it was delicious. This was an excellent meal and I will be back for more.
1	Terrible service. I went there @ 5:30 pm sat at the table in the bar area for Happy Hour and no one came after 10 minutes. I went to the bar to get the menu ask for 2 glasses of Pino Gris and he left it on the bar. No Service. 0 stars.
4	While on vacay my husband and I used our Groupon here for the bistro brunch. The menu was fixed, I had the house yogurt with granola and berries and the quiche du jour. I really enjoyed both items, very tasty and I ate every bite. The 4 stars is for the somewhat lack of service (our waitress disappeared for quite a while) and the fly in my hubby's beer yuck :-/I still will come back next time we're in Vegas.
5	This place is the spot for august Las Vegas Restaurant week 2013!.  The dinner menu comes with 4 courses, but I splurged for the extra course of foie gras, which was SO worth it! I came in expecting tasting menu portions, but I was getting full by the end of the 2nd course. The portions are very generous and I enjoyed how the waiter explained the dishes and a couple quirks about where the ingrediants came from.  Everything was great, except for the squid appetizer which was overcooked and overcharred which led to a very tough and bitter squid. Otherwise, everything was cooked to perfection, and I really liked how there was real artichoke heart with the salmon, not just the small little pickled things. For dessert the peach pie was scrumptious, what made it so good? The pie crust. Weirdly I made sure to eat all the pie crust even though I couldn't finish the entire peach pie dessert. Service was also outstanding.
3	We had a pretty good experience at Comme Ca, but we were not so impressed that we would consider coming back.  We started with the charcuterie board and the bone marrow with the oxtail jam.  I was primarily interested in the bone marrow, and was very disappointed that the portion was so small (it was barely enough for two crackers).  I would rather they gave us more bone marrow and less jam, since the bone marrow is supposed to be the centerpiece of the dish.  The charcuterie board was very good, though.  For the main course, my husband and I split the trout, which was only ok.  Our dining companions got the gnocchi and the chicken, both of which were pretty good. I thought that service was very good (although the restaurant was pretty empty).  I did notice that the men's bathroom was out of service, which did not leave a good impression, as this was supposed to be a high-end restaurant.
4	Good service, tasty cocktails.  Appetizers were excellent.
4	Great food, Fun menu with something to please you no matter what you might be in the mood for.  Everything ordered was delicious that was ordered. Very very loud ambiance, would ask for a table near the window so you have a bit more privacy and can overlook the strip.  Fun and reasonably priced place to stop by when in Vegas!
5	Comme Ca deserves more praise than it has received. Love the ambiance, presentation, and **everything** we ate was delicious! The outdoor patio view is stunning! Bone Marrow Appetizer...DO IT! One of my newly found favorite restaurants!! :)
4	I came here for dinner with some friends/ family for my cousin's bachelorette dinner. The ambiance was somewhat dark lit, and french/ modern decor. From where we were sitting we could see Las Vegas Blvd and all the beautiful lights. We ordered their CHEESE PLATE to share, and I will say this. Their selection of cheese was really good, it had the mixture of sweet/ salty. Their BREAD is delicious!!! I know, I know... bread? TRY IT!! I ordered the ROASTED BEATS AND KALE SALAD which included kale chips which I thought was a great texture to add to the beats. Along with the salad I ordered the PAN ROAST OF FOIE GRAS which was amazing!!!!! Oh my god the bread pudding with the foie gras was an absolutely wonderful pick. It was a great combination of salty yet sweet. Just from personal experience when I eat too much foie gras I start getting sick of it, but I felt that with the pudding it really balanced it in a way where I could enjoy the whole dish. The experience was very enjoyable and I would definitely come back here again. ENJOY!
3	This was a hard review to write. Mainly cause it was a weird experience...so here I go!We found Comme Ca on Yelp after visiting the Cosmopolitan Resort and Casino and falling in love. Being that my husband is French, we'd like to think of ourselves as connoisseurs of French food. So, Comme Ca made sense and had amazing reviews. We came for a late dinner so the lounge was deserted and the main dining area was about 80% full. After going back and forth with our table and seating (our fault), we finally got a little table in between a couple big ones (no problem) with an awesome view of the strip. The place hardly needs any lighting. We originally wanted the terrace which was an amazing view but due to it being a bit too breezy and also deserted, we opted for the main dining area.The service is where this review gets weird. Our waitress seemed new...or without personality? She was timid and confidence was at 0. Maybe she was tired? Come on, this is Las Vegas!! I could barely hear her and she just didn't make me excited about anything, especially her service. She was attentive, but so were the runners and bussers.We put in our order and were enjoying the first course of foie gras..delish!! A MUST. When I tried to connect with her about it, she was ... boring. I'm not trying to make a best friend but at least try to act like you're into the food you're serving! Then came the sides we ordered..ok, cool...and then instead of the deliciously described shank we ordered, the least expensive plate was put in front of us by a weary runner, asking if Chicken was ok instead? Like I wouldn't notice?Where is our server? No, it's not ok...I didn't order Chicken. He took the chicken away and still our server was nowhere when he put the menu in my hands again. By this point, our dinner was over. The drinks seemed to take forever for a basically empty Las Vegas restaurant and now we are served Chicken when we ordered shank.Before I know it, the GM swoops in to save the day (server still nowhere). He offers to buy us our entree (I went with the New York Strip Steak - $52 for the plate) and basically ended up being our server for the night. Our timid server came to us to mumble that she was embarrassed and sorry. Not quite sure what happened but apparently they ran out of the shank and brought us the chicken without asking or communicating what happened. The GM knows his shit and treated us like the owners of the Cosmo for the rest of the night. I appreciated that. If you expect me to shell out $100 + for dinner, I expect a little effort. He made things right. So the FOOD! The steak was the best steak of my life. HANDS DOWN. Cooked perfectly, paired with a Cabernet from Napa (on the house) appropriately, and had a little heirloom tomato salad on the side - perfection. The only thing I question is who the heck eats this plate to themselves! Extremely gluttonous in the best way possible. The Foie Gras was also a welcome beautiful tasty sight. YUM.Here's the breakdown:Food - 4 starsService (GM = 5 stars, Server = 1 star) - 2 starsOverall = 3 starsI probably wont revisit after the weird experience and with all the other options, but wouldn't pass another free steak here :)
4	I would Comme here again if Vegas didn't have a hundred other restaurants I want to try and a hundred more than will open up before I even get through the first ten of the other list.I camme here with my family - Dad, Bev, Steve, and my lady. I think that was it. Yeah, that was it. It was good stuff. I can't remember what I ate because it was a long time ago, or at least a long time for my brain to remember what I ate. But it was good, I tell you. It was good.There were good drawings on the paper placemats. THAT is what I remember.This means that the rest of this review would be worthless if I were to write it so instead I will not.
2	I expected more from a restaurant in Cosmopolitan. The oysters we ordered for appetizer was okay, nothing special. They were oysters you could get at a regular restaurant. The clams were pretty good though, great sauce and cooked perfectly. I would say the beet salad and king crab salad was pretty measly. I would not recommend sharing those. For entree we ordered lamb, duck confit, striped sea bass, and pork. The lamb, cooked medium rare, was pretty chewy and not very flavored. Duck confit seemed oily. The striped sea bass was the best out of four dishes because the skin was crispy and the fish was juicy. The pork was also not bad. Overall the meal was not very satisfying because all the portions were so small and the flavors were not to my liking.  It would have been fine if this was a tapas restaurant, but it wasn't. We ended up going to another restaurant to finish our meal. I may not have enjoyed the meal because I expected much more from a French restaurant and the food to be much more flavorful. However, I would give it another chance and try their other menu items.
1	This restaurant has really gone downhill. I had a friend visiting for a few days, and we had three meals yesterday ending the evening come ca. The food was slowly better than Denny's, but considerably more expensive. My friend had a salmon dish, and remarked that the salmon that we had a BJ's brewpub in for lunch was superior $36 M and then she ate at come ca. I ordered scallops which came over beans, which did not rise to the quality of Hines big beads.  My friend remarked that she had not been to this restaurant twice: The first time and the last time.
4	There's been a lot of buzz about all the new restaurants that have cropped up over the last several years.  This is one you should check out. The place is located on the 3rd level in the Cosmopolitan Hotel retail/restaurant complex.  I can only imagine that Vegas must be a playground for interior designers because there's no shortage of creativity and this place doesn't disappoint.  I was impressed upon walking in and the one thing you can't miss as you proceed into the main dining area is the view.  If you don't sit out on the balcony for your meal, at least head out before you leave.  It's definitely a nice picture opportunity.  The service was prompt as we were quickly attended to.  We enjoyed the specialty drinks, I had the Prohibition Punch, and the entrees were delicious too.  I personally tried the trout with almonds and it was pretty tasty.  Overall our experience was positive and I would certainly return here on my next visit.
4	3.5 stars for the food but I chose to do 4 because I love the chalkboard decorated walls and the kind hostess who made foie happen for us. My girls took me here for my bday dinner and our main mission was to get seared foie. It had been removed from the menu but the hostess asked the chef and he was able to make three dishes for us. The foie was good but its accompaniments were on the mediocre side  and the portion size was tiny!  I enjoyed my friend's fish with haricot vert (the sauce was divine) and fries. Our frisee salad was extremely salty and I didn't enjoy my grainy macaroni gratin. Other decent dishes included the silky mashed potatoes and the nicoise salad. They give out thin, tiny, warm baguettes that I chowed down with their fresh butter.
2	Just so so for the price.
3	My girls and I came here to celebrate Caroline T.'s birthday a few weeks ago.As Caroline mentions in her review, we were looking for foie and the hostess/chef accommodated us for $26 a pop. The seared foie itself was tasty and came with underwhelming bread pudding and some fruity jam.I went with two appetizers for my meal:BEEF TARTARE - I loved that this came with a runny yoke and the portion size was good, but it was awfully bland. FRENCH ONION SOUP - This was quite tasty, but hard to stomach after a dozen spoonfuls or so. I didn't even get through half of it. Share this, people! It's also a little awkward to eat with the melted stringy cheese and all. Might want to save this for after the first few dates... I got to taste a few of my friends' choices:BONE MARROW - Excellent, I just wish there was more of it!  POMMES ALIGOT - This was probably the dish that I enjoyed most. Imagine cheesy goodness enveloped in mashed potatoes. I know what you're thinking - it must be heaven... It is, it is!We had a good experience, but I felt it was overpriced for such simple dishes. I was not  very impressed with the food.
4	You had me at Bacon.I came to Vegas during the restaurant week for my best friend's 30th birthday and treated him to this place.  Originally I was only here because reviews showed a duck confit cinnamon roll, unfortunately it was only for brunch and I was there for the weekday so no brunch (sad face).But after forcing everyone to go since it was "out of budget" they were very thankful of the meal being very good.  I ordered the restaurant week menu and was also able to get foie (stupid california law).  On top of that it was also bacon weekend, so they had a bacon drink that was delicious.  Good thing about going on a weekday is that there wasn't a wait and service was very friendly with us.
1	Severely overpriced. 42.00 for 3 cocktails. Service for lunch was slow. French dip had no flavor and French onion soup was just "ok". Great view of the strip.
3	I went there for lunch this time around.  This should have been a five star review based my previous experience last time I dined here but their lunch menu was completely different from their dinner menu, and had I known I would not have made the effort to come here.  None of the amazing items I was introduced to were available, or made available to me as a repeat customer.  We settled for the Quiche of the day, which was good.  Wait staff was great even during lunch.Don't bother with lunch even though they are open, save your experience for dinner.
4	Ahhh Comme Ca... you won my heart on my last Vegas trip and you reinforced your love for me this past weekend.Long story short: (if you read my review for DOCG, you will get the entire story) We were treated poorly by a snotty hostess ended up going next door to Comme Ca. I started at the bar with the delicious Gordon's Cup and my bf got the Penicillin which were discounted since we were at the bar during "Social Hour." That's when we decided to also eat dinner here.We did not have a reservation, but the hostesses went out of their way to accommodate us and find a table with a great view. Since the weather was favorable, we ate outside. We were here last time we were in town and sat inside by the window, which was great, but being outside was even better since it was so nice out.I ordered the Steak Frites. I am a creature of habit; I ordered it last time, but if it ain't broke, don't fix it! ;) It was delicious once again. Very tender with a large helping of fries. The herb butter made the steak even more amazing. My bf ordered the bacon wrapped pork chop, which we were slightly underwhelmed by because of the size. It was tender and juicy, but should have been larger. He wished he had ordered something else. Lesson learned. I checked in on Foursquare and we got a free dessert. We opted for the Creme Brulee and it was decadent. I appreciate that the waitress was very kind when I presented the Foursquare deal. Some restaurants get attitude about it, but not here.I do have to take off one star because of the small portion the bf's meal, but everything else was perfect. The evening was a great ending to our weekend in Vegas. Thank you Comme Ca for taking care of us when we were snubbed elsewhere. See you next time we are in town!
4	Not much to say.. They management defenitly has this place going great. The food is good, drinks are good.. One of the best restarunts in vegas,.
3	My friends and I decided to come here with the hope of being able to enjoy some foie gras. It wasn't offered on the menu at the time but the server was able to put in three orders of foie gras for us. Between seven girls, three portions of foie was plenty but I didn't think it was prepared as well as other places. The texture of the foie gras itself wasn't as good as I remember and the bread pudding it came with gave the dish an overall weird flavor. The bone marrow was pretty good, especially with the oxtail jam. I also ordered mussels, which I didn't get to eat much of because I filled up on their delicious bread, but the white wine butter sauce was scrumptious. All in all, it was a decent dining experience but I'd rather try the many other restaurants that Vegas has to offer before I even think about coming back here.
4	My husband and I stopped by to grab a cocktail while killing time before dinner at another restaurant. I had the Fair Trade (quinoa vodka, Torani Amer, lemon juice, lemon zest, simple)--the first time I've seen Amer in a drink besides  picon punch. Next was the Rose Eight (bourbon, OJ, lemon juice, and grenadine, with rosewater sprayed over the top), and it was the Rose Eight that has sparked a thousand Rose Eights. Well, maybe not that many, but it's kind of our drink at home now when the husband feels up to mixing something.After looking at the happy hour menu, we found ourselves unable to resist, so we ordered the trio of deviled eggs, then were a little sad we had dinner reservations elsewhere, because everything looked so delicious and we didn't want to stop.
1	Terrible service.  Food was good
5	Good ambiance, hip music, sexy knowledgable staff, great food and drinks - what's not to love?  Had the beet salad, which was off the charts, and a burger.  Burger was good, but how good can a burger be?  Fantastic wine list with good half bottle selection and great cocktails.  Not sure the entrees on the lunch menu live up to the appetizer list, but definitely worth the stop.  If you like eating at the bar I would highly recommend it - great mixologists (and I hate that term).
4	I have visited three times now for three different purposes and I am confident that the yelptariat is correct in its average of 3.5 stars.First time, I came for a quick bite and meeting. It was just okay, but this was also over a year ago. Then, last spring, I came for a working lunch that the "working" portion was over before the appetizers were even cleared from the table. It took forEVER to get our food. We were there for probably 2.5-3 hours in total for what should have been an hour and a half meal, tops. I had the chicken sandwich, which was seriously lacking in flavor, but huge in portion. If food is gross, who cares about how much you get, you know? The last visit I made was with my girl Dana. We sat at the bar for happy hour and this was the best visit of them all. The drinks are truly magnificent (I had never drank here before) and on the happy hour menu, some are half-price, giving you what is truly worth the $15 for $7. We got some appetizers--mac and cheese, oysters, and pork fries--which were all pretty decent, save for the pork fries. Some of the pork belly was the delicious, fatty, tender kind, others was tough and gross and chewy and frankly, not fit for human consumption. I evolved to have less sharp teeth than a dog for a reason and I can't gnash through that shit. I'd like to try the dinner menu sometime--the view is great, the atmosphere is too--but I think that three visits suffices. It's just okay, but it's not the best thing ever on the Strip.
5	Yeah, I like this place. I like it a lot. First Things first: Service-A little more relaxed, but good nonetheless. Attentive, friendly, knowledgeable. Ask for recommendations if you're at all unsure about what you want. Food: The menu changes so I can't even tell you, you MUST order this or that. I've had a steak here, french onion soup, escargot, oysters, stroganoff, burger, and a croque madame. All tasty, all things I'd get again, but if you visit oysters and the burger may be the only thing that they have. They have daily specials which are always worth a look and they used to have a prixe fixe lunch during the week which I really liked. All food is really well priced, especially with all the love they put into it. You can tell they take the food seriously here. Cocktails: Yeah, you really should grab a drink here. They're pricey ($15 a pop), but you're getting a strong drink. If you don't know what to get ask your server. They'll take what you usually get and recommend something similar. I've sat at the bar numerous times and the bartenders take their drink making seriously. They want you to have the perfect drink and if you don't like it they'll make you a new one. Be forewarned, the drinks really are strong, not like the yard drinks tourists are dragging around with them. Some of them taste strong and some taste like candy. Don't get more than three.Ambiance: Feels very trendy French bistro. They do have outdoor seating (it's small) that's great for people watching, but the ambiance is not diminished.
5	Incredible burger.Also, when you ask for a bitters and soda, and the bartender asks what kind of bitters you want rather than just heading straight for the Angostura..? You know you're in a special place.
3	3 starsPros: Nice place and friendly staff.When I returned my dish the waitress was really nice about it and she took it off the bill without asking me which I thought was really professional.-2 stars for inconsistency with dishesCons: The Oxtail Eggs Benedict was a cold soggy mess. The entire dish was swimming in hollandaise sauce, the egg wasn't poached long enough and the buns were mushy..I took four bites and returned it. (BTW I've never returned a dish in my life)My fiance had a delicious burger but the bun was stale and crumbly :(I ordered the French Fries, toast & jam to replace my oxtail and both were really great.All in all they probably just need to work on the timing or consistency of their dishes. I probably wouldn't come here for brunch but I'd try dinner.
1	1st review on Yelp as warning. Service, very friendly & relatively prompt once server noticed us (10 min at table w/o service on 33% capacity of place).  Food, seriously mediocre for price. Came for Foie Gras, this is breakdown:Foie gras was mediocre liquidy, beef tongue sent back because it tasted like leather teriyaki, chicken waffles ok, beef tartare decent.  I hate sending food back as it seems so rude, but F that noise. Credentials: my LA yelp bookmarks look like a plague of chickenpox & I have eaten extensively throughout Europe (btw, Yelp needs to up game in Euro reviews). Going to Secret Pizza for a slice now.
4	Good HH here for both food and drink options. mama ordered the Fair Trade and I got the Rose Eight. both drinks were very good. while parusing the menu, we saw another table ordered the French Onion soup. we ordered that and the Blue Crab and Avocado toast. don't order the toast. you will barely see it let alone taste it with how small it is. however, DO order the French Onion soup. IT WAS AMAZEBALLS! i've had a lot of FOS and am pretty proud of the one i make as well. but, this FOS was on another level. i had to OMG that thing. i was tempted to order another one, if it were not going to spoil our dinner plans. overall, great service and amazing drinks. ok prices for a casino restaurant HH at Cosmo. we'll be back.
4	Comme Ca translates as not poorly or not bad ... and that's exactly what Comme Ca restaurant at The Cosmopolitan is ... not too bad.The restaurant was empty and bar quiet when we popped in for some Happy Hour drinks and appetizers. Service was quick cause, seriously, there wasn't many other patrons.Select cocktails are $7.50 during Happy Hour. I tried two. The Penicillin Cocktail with Scotch, Ginger, Lemon Juice, Honey, and an Islet Float was sweet and smooth. It could of used another 1/2 ounce of whiskey, but was fine. The lone vodka HH option is a cocktail called Fair Trade with Lemon and Simple Syrup. It was fair.For nibbles, Olivia Z. and me split an order of the Grilled Beef Tongue ($6). The side of Lemon Aioli and sprinkles of Sea Salt really meshed well with the tender slices of tongue. We both liked it a lot even though the slices were a tad too thick. Oysters on the Half Shell are $2 each during Happy Hour. We got six with two different kinds. I forget the names, but one Pacific Ocean and the other was Atlantic. The Pacific were smaller, but better.When it comes to Comme Ca for Happy Hour, it is kind of comme si comme ca.
2	Slow service. Prime rib arrived cold and too rare. Would not come back.
2	We read about Comme Ca having one of the best happy hours in Vegas, however when we visited in September 2013, mere weeks after the article was published, they had severely scaled back the happy hour menu to a few lame food items, plus no discounts on alcohol. We ordered French fries from the Happy Hour menu, which were deliciously crisp (but still, just FRENCH FRIES), and hung out for a bit in the lounge while we waited for the downpour to stop. We made a special trip to The Strip (traffic, long walk from free parking, running in the storm through huge deep puddles) for a happy hour snack at Comme Ca, and were absolutely disappointed by the near-disappearance of the happy hour menu. All that for basically nothing, you know?!!?!
4	Food was excellent.  Room is way too loud for dinner.  But...the part that inspires me to review:  we made our reservation on Open Table. I attempted to book a different  time thru but was not avail. We got there and place was empty.  I let the waiter know and he was bummed (of course).  So on the way out I thought I would let the hostess know.  Well...shame on me for trying to help...she gave me a snippy response about how they only release a certain # of tables to open table...it was pretty surprising.  We almost didn't go there because we thought it would be a mad house.   I wonder how the owners feel about thinking customers are not coming because they are attempting to make a rez but doesn't allow and then see their numbers.  Dined on Dec 21st.  Literally empty restaurant.  Again...nice food.  Better than the LA store.
5	Came here yesterday during happy hour. I've been wanting to try this place forever and it did not disappoint! We ordered a bunch of dishes to share: the burger (done medium rare), pig skin fries, oysters, shrimp cocktail, bone marrow, and a few other things. Omg I am officially obsessed with their shrimp cocktail and pig skin fries! The shrimp is HUGE and so succulent. And the pig skin fries are very unique - it's a bit tough but I couldn't stop munching on it. The bone marrow is definitely worth trying as well - they serve it with a side of oxtail jam YUM. The burger was good, I just wish the bun wasn't so huge. We were the only ones at the restaurant during that time since we went at such a random hour - the wait staff was very attentive and patient. I definitely recommend this place!
5	Insanely indulgent. We came here for lunch, everything we ordered was over the top; their burger was really good and what they are known for, so if you're craving a beef burger, this is the one for you. We also ordered the french onion soup, duck confit cinnamon roll, oxtail benedict- after lunch we were pretty much ready to roll out of the restaurant. So good but so bad for you.
5	Penicillin: the drink that mixes a lot of spicy bitters together with just enough sweetness to get it down.  This is how I first tried a drink at this place at the bar in New Year 2013; I was also attracted to the amazing location at the top of the Cosmopolitan and the funky red-light overhanging bar.   New Year 2014: came back again for the NYE menu, 3 course meal with wine pairings, got another penicillin as well.  The courses were just right for a pre-part dinner:  at the time of this review the special menu was deleted but it included a soup, beef, and chocolate dessert dishes.  I have never had a port that went so well with the dessert.  The breads were plentiful and rich, going well with each meal as well.  Great atmosphere and a fun place at NYE to overlook the streets on the Strip.The only snafu in making the NYE reservations is that they required a credit card fax which proved logistically impossible:  I have never had a restaurant demand this before so I found it strange.  However the difficulties were overcome by a manager that trusted us enough to bypass this rule, which was very nice, thank you Constantine.
4	went for dinner on a Monday, so we were able to get table without a problem.started with duck confit (excellent!), bone marrow (can't really mess up, love the oxtail jam), and the foie gras which was a bit disappointing considering the good things I've heard about it heremain course, we had the scallops, which were good, and the flat iron steak, which was better than expected! (only issue was waiter did forget to bring our order of brussel sprouts)sorry, it was a week ago guys, so after 4th glass of JW Black, can't really recall dessert being too outstanding. I do know we had a decent bread pudding, and I don't remember what else. had a glass of 20yr port? to accompany, not a fan of dessert wines, but it was good nonetheless.I will definitely return, as the waiter did mention a nice happy hour with a great deal on oysters! yum yum
3	This restaurant is in the Cosmopolitan hotel which has some great restaurants. We came here for happy hour which starts at 5 and the prices are so much better during this time frame; for example, burger (which I was recommended) is $5 off and drinks half off. First off, we came here on a Saturday right before 5pm, there were 5 people at the bar and 4 people at tables (including us) and man, the service and the wait for our food was soooooooooo sloooowwww....also we ordered oysters and a medium burger; the oysters never came out and my burger was almost rare. For rating the food itself: the burger was really good and the fries are served with what seemed like a light whipped ranch sauce which was really tasty. I also got a Penicillin which is whiskey with ginger, lemon juice and honey, yum!For service: they need to work on customer service. I can deal when it's busy, but when the place is nearly empty, there's really no excuse..
3	Went here for a friends birthday with a group of about 15. The appetizers weren't good and the proportions were small for the price we paid. Bottom line it was way over priced. If you want a high quality French restaurant go to Mon Ami Gabi.
3	I feel like we deserve it, the name of the restaurant literally means 'so-so'. And it is exactly 'so-so'. We sat in an almost completely empty room with the company of the britney spears las vegas lights of the planet hollywood hotel ride in our faces. It was obnoxious. We were one of 3 tables and received incredibly slow/delayed service, The food was efficient. Not worth a second try....The martini's from the bar were also sub par.
5	Came here specifically to try the Oxtail Eggs Benedict! Glad it did not disappoint :DOxtail Benedict ($22): Warm Gougeres, Spinach, Poached Eggs & Truffle Hollandaise. WOW...THIS WAS OUTSTANDING! Loved every bite of this...wish it never ended lol.  Seriously, it was probably one of the BEST things I've ever ate this early in the day!  If you are coming here for breakfast food...do yourself a favor and order this!Croque Madame ($17): Smoked Ham, Gruyere Cheese, Farm Egg & Mornay Sauce. This was outstanding! So much flavor here, every bite puts a smile on your face!  It was very good....not as impressive as the Oxtail Benedict but was wonderful :)Quiche Du Jour ($16): Gruyere Cheese and Mushrooms. I'm not a big quiche fan, but this was pretty good. If you are considering ordering this, I am sure you will enjoy it.Factoring in the excellent atmosphere, great service and AMAZING food, I am confident in giving Comme Ca the 5 star review!  I will be back to give the Burger a run for its money!
4	Blessed with a great view of the strip from the top of the Cosmopolitan, Comme Ca was an excellent experience.  I wasn't really coming in with any expectations, as we were just looking for a place to have dinner in the Cosmo, but we're fortunate to have chosen this restaurant.We were seated next to the window in a fairly empty restaurant.  I don't really care about the strip view anymore, but I will say the window seat overlooking the strip is great.  As long as you don't mind staring at giant signs of Britney Spears across the street, you should be ok.   Try to get it if you can.  The place in general is classy and refined - not to mention the dining room is in the back- so it's a good choice for a date or family celebration.The bone marrow with oxtail jam is definitely the jam.  Lots of oxtail.  It was probably my favorite part of the meal.  Order it for an app.  I got the steak special and it was yuuuugge.  I barely finished half of it, but it was prepared to a perfect medium rare.I tried the scallop dish and those were pan-seared to greatness as well.  It came with piquillo peppers, foraged mushrooms, and oxtail gratin.  Maybe they have a farm in the back that cultivates mushrooms, or they go mushroom hunting in the mountains, in order to call them "foraged".  Whatevs, it was tasty.Drinks were well-crafted, and I hear they're cheaper during HH. I'd assume that's a pretty good value deal.I used a foursquare special to get a free dessert.  It's been a looong time since I've seen a 4S special of that quality.  We used it to get the Devil's Food Cake (pralines and milk chocolate ice cream) and it was awesome.  Like stupid awesome.  Definitely take advantage of this if you can!Service was a little slow but it was no big deal, as we were in no rush.  Maybe I should call it "relaxed", we honestly weren't bothered by the pace.
3	3.5 stars, because it was only a tad bit better than okay.Came here for a late dinner and luckily made it to their Nightly Social Hour, which runs from 5pm - 10pm.  We sat at the tables near the bar and ordered from the HH menu - salmon tartare toast, bone marrow and oxtail jam, oysters on the half shell, and from the regular dinner menu - the beef short rib.  The salmon tartare toast was a total miss.  There were only two small pieces of bread and the salmon tartare was a bit too fishy.  I normally love salmon, but I think a tuna tartare would have gone much better for this dish.  I would definitely skip this and get the beef tartare or the blue crab toast.  The bone marrow and oxtail jam was really fatty and good.  The flavors were great, but just remember that this is a very heavy dish.  We had to leave a bite or two.  The oysters were great.  We got a half dozen, which was the perfect amount with everything we ordered.  The biggest disappointment was the beef short rib.  Our piece had way too much fat on it.  It was already a smaller chunk of meat, but half of it was fat.  Short rib isn't supposed to have THAT much fat on it.  I asked the waitress if that was normal, and she just said "Yes" and walked away.  No offer to replace the dish, no apologies, no explanation.  For a $34 dollar plate, I would expect a better piece of meat/service.  But on the up side, the cocktails were excellent - stiff and delicious.  I believe all cocktails are HH prices during the Social Hour!
5	I love french food and this is my place to go to at cosmo..the food is spectacular and managers were fabulous
3	The best thing about this place is their drink menu. Get a Rose 8 you won't forget it. Excellent prices - our group was 10-12 people and we all got entrees & drinks for around $600. Unfortunately , for the options around the area, it doesn't beat out STK or Jaleos for dining.
3	Great view and atmosphere but, the oil and vinegar I ask for my hard bread was so wrong, and had to ask for cracked pepper.  The Foie Gras was deliciousness but, only one morsel $$$$, main course was perfect, and Dessert Bread Pudding was great presentation but, just my opinion I thought it's usually more pudding texture than bread. Service was attentive and pleasant
2	Table had a great view of the strip, but both the food and the service were a disappointment.  Beef tartar lacked flavor and had a poor presentation in a jar.  Beet salad was mediocre.  Brussels sprouts were overpowered by spice.  Burger was average.  Overall, there a much much better options for a great meal in the Cosmo.
4	This place might have one of the best views in Vegas.  Definitely a great place to bring a date.  The food is good, as long as you are in the slow cooked items.  I don't know if the bread was supposed to be hard, but it was a little too stale for my liking.  Overall good experience though.
4	Had a wedding clerk ratio dinner when the other steak house was full. We got into Comme Ca very easily; there was no wait to get into this restaurant. The menu was impressive and the ambiance was warm with candlelit tables and dark decor. I had the salmon and found it was too rich to finish without feeling like I was getting close to an uncontrollable nausea. It was delicious, just dangerously rich and heavy which was odd for an accompanying sauce to a salmon cut. The skin was crisped perfectly but was over salted. The steamed veggies actually came out dark and grilled despite the special order for the steamed version to avoid extra butter or oils on the veggies. My husband had the flat iron steak and it melted itself like butter in your mouth. We're not huge fans of French food any more or less than when we dined at Comme Ca.
2	I was there for a work dinner. There were 2 groups, a total of 30+ pax. We made the reservations in advance and had a pre-fix menu with 3 entree options. 1) Herb Roasted Chicken w/ smoked cremini mushroom, tomato, bacon shallots and fine herbs2) Skuna Bay Salmon w/ bloomsdale spinach subric, glazed winter vegetable, citrus burre blanc3) Iron Flat Steak w/mashed pommeHerb Roasted Chicken was underwhelming. My neighborhood rotisserie chicken tasted way better. Even I can make a better roast chicken. First of all everyone commented that the chicken is very dry. Secondly, there was only one small mushroom on the plate. The chicken does not have much flavor. Totally not impressed with the dish. Screams amateur roast chicken. Skuna Bay Salmon was farmed salmon from Canada. Waiter claimed it is raised in a natural environment. Still it is farmed. $36 for a small piece of farmed salmon is pricey. Iron Flat Steak. Bloody!! Those that ordered their steak medium well had some seriously bloody steak. The steak was nothing special, very unforgettable. I expected more and I was greatly disappointed with the food :(
3	3 huge stars for food. Knocked off 2 stars for service & the expensive beer pricesBone Marrow & Oxtail jam is a MUST here! It is a very small portion appetizer, but the flavors and herbs in this dish are mouthwatering together. Served with 1 bone marrow, a whole lot of oxtail with capers, shallots, lemon, side of sea salt and crostini. Green Curry Steam Mussels - yummy! Just like how it is served in France (without the french fries). This dish includes andouille sausages, tomatoes, with a slightly creamy green curry sauce. Served in an cast iron pot.Happy Hour Everyday 5:00PM - 10:00PM
4	review is for the bar only...full disclosure - i have never eaten a full meal here, but have sampled a few appetizers and lots of drinks here haha. main reason why i like to come here is for the social hour (happy hour). its daily and goes from 5-10pm! a few selected cocktails are only $9 when they're normally $15 so its such a good deal! we're talking good, specialty cocktails too, not just your normal well drinks that usually are on happy hour. i usually like to order the cocktail of the week or my other faves are the vodka based fair trade or the bourbon based rose eight. or if you wish, give your bartender creative license and they'll come up with their own fun concoction that will be amazing too! the appetizers at social hour are pretty decently priced as well. the shrimp cocktail or blue crab toast are my faves to snack on. the bartenders here are amazing too! they know how to mix up a good drink and as an added bonus, they're all super friendly and social. its nice to strike up a conversation with your bartender and learn some fun anecdotes and fun facts about the local scene.
5	Some of the best customer service i have experienced at a restaurant on the strip. Food was very good great size steak! very attentive enjoyable dinner from start to finish thank you very much.
5	I have lived in Vegas for almost 10 years and have dined at some of the finest restaurants in the city. Comme Ca is without a doubt one of the best. From the appetizers to the fantastic trout almondine to the drinks and desserts this us top notch I give it a 6 out of 5. Fantastic food and service
1	Website says food served until 11. Walked in at 10:15 and were rudely told that it was last call and no food was being served. Avoid at all costs.
5	I really enjoyed it here. Visited with some friends from Australia, accompanied by a French friend who recommended the place because of the amazing view of Las Vegas Blvd from the dining area. Nice to spend a couple of hours in a place like this since most of the Vegas restaurants and bars are tucked so deep into the Casino's you start to forget where you are. I had the Beef Brisket and French Onion Soup to start. Both were perfect in my book but then again I've never been too critical of a meal, it's either great and worth having again or overrated and not worth the time or money. I'll definitely come back here. As far as the drinks, I always drink Scotch neat so I couldn't say. Great place!
5	I've come full circle at Comme Ca. Happy hour (drinks only), happy hour (drinks and food), brunch, and now dinner. My friend and I arrived at Comme Ca with a reservation, which I recommend at any time during the week because at one point I attempted coming here for dinner and there was a private party being held. My plans were ruined.However, everything came to fruition a few nights ago and I dined with a friend at Comme Ca for dinner.Appetizer - Hudson Valley Seared Foie Gras - perfectly seared, amazingly rich, beautifully plated. Comes served between a waffle and butternut squash, accompanied by berries and radishes. Indulgent. Perfect.Main - BOUILLABAISSE of amazingness. Octopus, venus clams, gulf shrimp, and mussels, with a salty, briny, soup, and two crusty pieces of bread spread with garlic butter. I ate every bit. I supped on the soupy goodness. I scraped every morsel of meat out of every shell. The shrimp were on point. The octopus was tender. I am in love with this dish. Two glasses of riesling to wash it all down. Lovely varietal, $10 a glass.Comme Ca, yes, yes, yes.
3	Another stop on our recent Vegas bar crawl.  Comme Ca is the Vegas branch of the West Hollywood bistro-themed restaurant.  We sat at the bar and had some wine and a quick bite.   Tried the grilled octopus, which was served with chick peas and hazelnuts - a very interesting combination!  The octopus was excellent, smoky but still tender and juicy, and the combination of the chick peas and hazelnuts added some richness and textures.The real disappointment was the wine.  I wasn't expecting something fantastic, but we tried two different Rhones and both were anemic at best, especially for the price.  The wine was far outshone by the food.  Pity ...
4	First time eating at Comme Ca and was happy to hear that management is tryinig to bring in more locals with their new Wednesday Happy Hour Specials/Dinner. They are trying to make a combination of appetizers, main course (burgers/etc), and cokctail or two beers for $20 dollars. I say not a bad price.Friend and I went to eat here prior to seeing Empire of the Sun at the Chelsea Theatre. We had made reservations priro to arriving which helped. We were seated outside (great view). We had the Cucumber Sangria, a bit citrusy but delicious. We tried the Lamb Burger which had no game taste due to the seasoning and spices; TOTALLY WOULD ORDER AGAIN. We also had the Pork Burger which I was not too impressed by yet had a good flavor.I enjoyed the ambience, venue and food for sure and with local specials on Wednesday, why not venture out to the strip!
3	Comme Ca is just meh. They give you no compelling reason to return or recommend. The 15 $ signature house cocktails that are sold for $9 during Social Hour are definitely not worthn 15. Mediocre.  Unmemorable. We sampled the Gordon Cup and. PENCILIN. The heirloom tomato was great but the comme ca salad was loaded with Garlic. Wife said her salmon Entree was just ok and not in Top 15 salmon las Vegas.  My flat iron had flavor but not the most tender. Fries were amazing though.Bad meal or experience?  Nope, decent and warm service from bartender. But I'd recommend lot other places in Cosmo or City Center before Comme Ca.
5	We just went there for drinks but they were excellent. And we had a great view of the strip at night. Actually it was probably my favorite view of any place we stopped over the weekend.
5	Been here several times for their happy hour. I love the bar area! Great bartenders, excellent drinks, bone marrow and pig fries!!!! What's not to love?
4	Brought my mom here for Mother's Day brunch and the food was delightful but service left a bit to be desired. The busser was working harder than any waiter in the room including ours. The table next to us was ordering bottles of wine (@12 on Sunday) and all of our waiters energy was focused on them. Fortunately the food made up for it and we left satisfied.
3	The best part of our dining experience here was the view of the strip. The lights in the evening & the Eiffel Tower at Paris look gorgeous. The service was extremely lacking: we waiting a long time for our waiter to come & then we waited a very long time for our entrees. Then, they brought our entrees and an additional side of Mac n cheese as "complements of the kitchen for your wait". We had no desire to have an additional side of Mac n cheese so we didn't even touch it. I would have much rather them give us a complimentary cocktail or discount on the bill. Why just pick a random side & bring it out? Bizarre. The food was good, but nothing outstanding by any means. The steak tartar we had for an appetizer was better than our entrees. I had the lamb, which was good however the sauce & additional items w/it did not pair well in my opinion. I had a side of roasted cauliflower, which was very good.
1	Their closing time is officially 11pm, but when I called at 9:30pm to reserve a table the kitchen was already closed. Bad business!!!
4	I needed a pick me up girls night so my friend thought this might be a great place to get a good meal and to bring up my spirits. We opted to sit at the bar and were greeted by the bartender Ryan. He was awesome. He was busy the whole time but delivered great customer service, had a good sense of humor, and was able to make a good couple recommendations. My kind  of bartender for sure. My friend got a great ginger/vodka/not quite a Moscow mule drink. It was very good. We ordered a bunch of appetizers :The fried chicken foie gras slider: it was delicious. I mean everything after it just seemed okay bc it was just so good. It was rich, creamy, velvety, and crispy. It had a jam that have it the right amount of Sweetness. It was very well balanced. I was so distracted by its goodness I forgot to take a photo!Then the tuna tartare, steak tartare ( yes we love tartare)- they were just okay. Not bad but not memorable. heirloom tomato salad which had a great herd goat cheeseAnd then we had a half dozen west coast oysters- basic. DESSERT! Not entirely sure what we had since we let the bartender help with that. I know one was an orange meringue dish which was delicious. Followed by a passion fruit/cookie/fluff dessert that was equally  good.  And as usual we also had a good cappuccino with dessert. Foie gras dish, drink, dessert, and Ryan will ensure my friend and I will be back. Perhaps for dinner this time?!Ps they have a great happy hour
4	The food is great but be prepared to wait for drinks and food to come out. Everything we ordered was fantastic! Bone marrow and box tail are great if you're a fan of that type of thing. Muscles, tuna, and drinks were all fabulous. The only issue: SERVICE IS SLOW!!! Super slow. There were not many people in the restaurant when we went and it still took ages to get out drinks. If you're in a rush for a show, this is not your spot. If you have the time, go to the patio, it has a great view.
2	We were staying at the Cosmo and wanted to eat quick and get to our show. This was the only place with no wait that had a TV to watch the NBA Playoffs. The one TV was tiny but worked. We sat in the bar area and ordered  our entrees. Most of us had the burger which was the best part and was very filling. They give you way too many fries so maybe split them with someone?? This is where it went downhill and lost a couple stars. Our waitress who was too busy talking to her coworkers became non-existent. A few of us needed to change real quick so after about 10 minutes waiting for our bills we had to leave our credit cards with others at the table to pay them for us. We got upstairs, changed, went back downstairs and they still weren't done. It took a total of 30 minutes from when we asked for the bill to when they finally brought them. If you want a quick dinner don't go here. It's a french restaurant so the menu doesn't have too many appealing options.
4	I came here for the seared foie appetizer =). Even though it was off the menu, they still let me order it and it was well worth it. Although, I do feel like I as charged a premium for that. The foie turned out to be $25 instead of around the $18-22 range most of the appetizers were. I also got the salad mixed with duck fat? It was probably not healthy, but it was good. I would come back again for foie. I did feel satisfied and happy afterwards.
3	Came here before the Britney concert - service was excellent. I struggled a little to find something on the menu I wanted, and ended up eating a burger. It was good (the fries were ON POINT) but I'm not sure I would come to a nice restaurant and want to order a burger. Wish there were more options.
3	Happy hour burger was underwhelming. I love the non happy hour one at Comme ca in Los Angeles so maybe it was just due to the price point and location but I'd expect consistency between locations at such a high end restaurant.My mojito was also bland and weak. Didn't have any lime or mint taste! What a bummer. At least it was fairly empty at happy hour.
4	Bone Marrow & Oxtail Jam a.k.a. Bone Marrow & some very good/reduced beef stew. It was quite delicious, and rich in flavor. I had issues with how it was served with these odd, finger sized, crackers. It was really difficult to spread the marrow on them, as well as getting the "jam" to stay in place since it's really decent sized pieces of beef. Also, the seating was odd for three people, so I didn't notice the sea salt on one end of the slate the food was served on. The marrow really needed that salt. ***Beef Tartare! Truly delicious. Perfectly seasoned, and a large serving. Probably more beef than my buddies burger. I shared this with my two friends, and we all enjoyed it. It was the favorite at the table. *****I highly suggest you visit early in the night during the happy hour. Great food at a decent price.
4	There were many grand parts to my adventure to Comme Ca.It was all a blur though.
4	I visited this restaurant over the weekend after a conference in Vegas.  When making this reservation, I relied heavily on YELP to figure out which restaurants to dine at on my off nights.  Comme Ca was not a disappointment.Comme Ca is located on the third floor of The Cosmopolitan.  Our reservation was made for 8:00 PM but we arrived at 8:30 PM.  That was not an issue though as the restaurant was almost empty.  So why the hostess took almost a full 7 mins to return to the hostess stand to seat us (with no apology), I'm not sure, but I am going to just bet she had to take a potty break during this time.When we were finally seated by the window (great view of the strip) the service was impeccable.  We were served water (we are in the desert, ya know) immediately and a cute little container of miniature bread sticks were placed in between us within minutes of sitting down.  I had their house Pinot Grigio which was delicious and ordered the Pickle Jar and Beer Tartare.  Although the Beef Tartare did come with a good amount of pickled deliciousness, I had to order more.  It was so, so, so good.  Filled with garlic bulbs, radishes, cornichons, cucumbers, peppers and other goodies - we couldn't get enough of it.  The beef tartare was amazing.  Not over salted and just enough to wet my whistle before delving into the rest of the evening.We later ordered the Oxtail & Beef Marrow as well as the Scallops.  The marrow and oxtail was the perfect accompaniment to the beef tartare.  The three small scallops were cooked perfectly, however, not sure the entree was worth $36.  After two beers and two glasses of wine, our total bill (including tip) was around $150.  They also have less expensive meals like their burger, available, but their current menu posted on the internet does not reflect this season's options.While I'm a fan of the place and my food was very good, it wasn't good enough for me to go back when I travel back to Vegas in September.  There are too many good restaurants in Vegas at that price point to return to Comme Ca.  That being said, it's worth a shot.  Great location, the atmosphere is fine and the service was very good.  It I could give half stars, I would give this place a 3.5 and not a 4, simply because nothing was out of the ordinary, but it wasn't bad either.  It was good, simple, french inspired food.
4	This restaurant became my to go spot  when I am craving oysters while staying at the Cosmo.With oysters, my favorite beer and bison burger this place had everything I wanted after a long day by the pool. Service was good and the patio was packed. One thing I noticed is that service is better when Comme Ca is packed. You can feel that the servers are hustling and food comes out perfect. I assume that the executive chef is there for dinner service only.When you walk in for lunch and the restaurant is empty its a hit or miss. Took almost an hour to get a med rare burger and a french onion soup. When the day before everything came out  in about 20 min. The view from the restaurant is fantastic. Whether seating inside or outside ask to sit at a table with a view and you will not regret your visit here.Will def check it out again when staying at the Cosmo.
4	Went into the lounge for their "Social Hour" (happy hour) which goes until 8:30pm! Drinks were really good! I had a high ball and my friend had the "Leaving Tijuana" both were really great. Plus, they were only $9, awesome pricing for the Strip. Appetizers are very small, but good. We had the salmon tartare and the sausage, peppers, & beer. I will go back next time I'm at the Cosmo for sure.
4	Upon arriving to Comme Ca the restaurant was practically empty at 6:45 pm, but as the night progressed the restaurant was near capacity. If you are looking for a late night dinner at Cosmo this is a good one, if you like French food. As there are many places to visit at Cosmo this would be a good location for business travelers, as it will not be too trendy.
5	WOW! Look no further for a quality Vegas eat!Must try the steak, melt in your mouth deliciousness. Also, Cosmopolitan all around does great wine pairing so ask for a suggestion with your meal ($40+ bottle price). Girlfriend had the salmon and thoroughly enjoyed hers as well. Cocktails looked great, but stuck to wine for the night. Wait staff was very friendly and always on hand (not overly attentive). Allowed for a fun and romantic night. Try a drink or too on the patio overlooking the strip from ~4 stories up as well. Go see Rose. Rabbit. Lie. or another show while you're around.
4	I had been wanting to try this place for a long time and I was very pleased with my experience.  Food is a little over priced but that is typical for the Vegas Strip and every thing was delicious.  The service was great and we had an amazing view of the strip from my table. I can't wait to go back and try the happy hour and lunch menus!
2	Comme Ca has undeniably amazing food. We ordered the Comme Ca burger and it was one of the best we had ever eaten. However the staff and service really put a dampener on our experience. The waitress was far too concerned with twirling her hair, checking her phone and talking to the girls in the front booth to ever notice we were sitting waiting to be served. We weren't offered water and she walked passed our table about 5 or 6 times to talk to the girls without helping us at all. We were there for happy hour and received our first cocktails which were lovely.  Then after asking for a second, we noticed the waitress and barman whisper to each other and then received 2 very watered down cocktails.. We don't even know if there was ANY alcohol in them. They were obviously trying to rip us off. Then when it came to paying for our meal there was no one to ask for the bill as the waitress had left for the day (as we saw her walk out) without checking if we needed anything or letting us know. We had to ask a person walking past for the bill. Great food, but terrible service.
2	Middle of road at best. Just another Strip  restaurant with big prices and nothing to brag about. Service was OK. Onion soup good but just warm, not hot. Escargot piewas over cooked, escargot rubbery. $30 pork chop looked good but had no flavor.Wife's salmon was good. Just A Meal. There are a lot better restaurants at the Cosmo .
3	The ambience is very trendy and it's overlooking the strip. I wasn't very hungry, so I ordered the French onion soup, a salad, and the macaroni and cheese. I would say that my dishes were just okay. Wasn't the best thing I've ever had. The French onion soup was the highlight. I was disappointed in my salad because it noted pears and I got peaches. The macaroni and cheese had duck and caramelized onions in it, which was good. The server and waitstaff were very nice. I would go again, but maybe order something different. Overall, a good experience and worth a try.
2	Food was average. Service average. Not worth the price at all. I was looking forward to a great dinner before a music show at the Cosmopolitan, and was really disappointed. Nothing was horrible. But nothing was impressive either. A bunch of servers hanging around doing nothing and we still had to wait 45 min for our food.
2	Incredibly average food, decent service.  I visit the Cosmo several times a year and have dined at every restaurant in the hotel. Will not visit this restaurant again and would not recommend to friends.  All restaurants in the Cosmo were really busy, and this one was empty.  A red flag that I should have recognized.
2	My friends and I were beyond excited to try this spot out.  We've heard great things about the one in LA.Granted we had the last reservation, so that may have something to do with the issues we had.  We ordered the tart and cheese platter as appetizers.  Both good, but nothing to rave about.  We were given bread for the table that was as hard as a rock.Our entrees took close to an hour to arrive.  We ordered the pork chop (which the waiter raved about), the risotto, and the salmon.  The pork chop was so chewy and hard to cut.  The risotto was served like tatter tots, fried into three tiny pieces on my plate.  The salmon was practically raw and still cold.  We sent all three dishes back.  A first ever.The manager there at the time handled the situation very well and comped our appetizers.  Just maybe I'll return based on their customer service, but we did need to go find dinner after!
5	The Food is excellent! Fine selection of bourbons too. They have George T. Stagg one of my favorites.
3	I love French food! Comme Ca (pronounced Comb-meh-sa), located inside the Cosmopolitan LV, was a bonus because they offer a decent view of the strip.  Food was good.. I would recommend it for appetizers and drinks.
4	Over all it was a good experience. The menu selection is limited but the food is good. The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable. My wife is vegetarian and they didn't have any real options for her which was a bummer. It is loud inside but the outside seating was amazing. Great view and not so loud you couldnt have a conversation.
4	Five Stars for view and three plus for food.  The food wasn't bad but it wasn't "vegas" great either.  That said, I will certainly go here again next time I'm in the area - even if just for a drink.  The patio is amazing.
3	We've been here twice now. Both times we sat at the bar. Service from the bartenders was fantastic both times. Food is great, cocktails great. So why, you ask, do I give it only 3 stars? The prices. The prices are just not realistic. Yes we've gone twice, we will probably go again. $12 for a Guinness DURING HAPPY HOUR? That is just insane. We both had signature cocktails during our visits because at $9 they were the cheapest things available. Believe me, I do not mind spending money on anything. I've bought my share of $20 martinis, $15 grey goose on the rocks, and $20 side salads. But happy hour? Is nothing sacred? You do not call a $12 Guinness a "happy hour special". You just don't. If you do, you lose a star in my humble opinion. So my friends, do I recommend? That is a tough call. Will I go back? Yes probably. Does that make any sense? No.
5	Epic views, classy restaurant, and terrific food...  I'm happy.   There was a party of ten of us that came here for a bachelor party; and everyone was really appreciative that I did my homework on this place.  It was actually my friend that was a local for fairly long time that suggested this place but I don't mind a couple slaps on the back.  The plate of lamb appeared small on delivery but definitely filled me up.  A couple of the guys went for your basic burger or steak.  Apparently, they weren't too thrill so you may want expand your palette for whatever fancy occasion you are attending this place for or go to In and Out. Anyway, it was definitely a place I recommend for a memorable occasion without feeling suffocated by a snooty atmosphere.  And it's always a plus when Chef Brian brings out shots for the party.  Woo!
2	Comme Ca used to be a favorite dinner at the Cosmopolitan. Thin may have been the last time. They dropped most of the craft cocktails from the drink menu. As an appetizer that would have gone perfectly with some crusty French bread. Asked for it ahead of time to be prepared. Got it about 10 minutes after I finished.  They advertise their chalkboard specials - but no dinner special tonight. Weirdest part was the bar. Despite a reservation well before closing time, the waiter stopped at our table before entrees were out to announce last call for alcohol (about ten pm at a Las Vegas restaurant)
5	Went here on Mother's Day and had a great time.  Got the oxtail eggs Benedict. It was amazing!! Not sure if it was a special. My son got red velvet pancakes and they were amazing too.  I got a mojito from the bar but I was not happy with it but they gladly took it off the bill.  Nice view also
4	I came here long ago when the cosmo first opened and wasnt a fan, but I heard good things about some changes and decided to come back.I have to say that it is much better. I tried their burger, which is one of the best i've ever had. The beef tartare was also excellent.Will come back :)
5	We had an INCREDIBLE steak dinner here! The service was spot on, the food nothing short of delicious. Steak frite was prepared to order with incredible meat, perfect frite.The drinks were great and the staff was kind. Next time in Vegas, I'm here.
4	My rating is based on the lunch menu and prices. Pros:--The view is awesome if you sit by the window or patio.--The menu is unique with options you would never find elsewhere--I thought the lunch prices were VERY reasonable considering portion size, quality, and location in the Cosmo--My salmon croissant was amazing. Beware, it is a cold salmon filet and I know that would throw some people off because they don't specify. But this was a HUGE portion of salmon and it sort of rocked my world, partly because I've never had anything like it.--The fries are very regular but they were really good.I tried the french dip and it was really good but not as memorable as the salmon croissant. The croissant itself was not amazing, and the side salad was fine. For these reasons I had to stick with 4 stars.
5	This French eatery is located in the cosmopolitan hotel.Our lunch was endive and blue cheese salad was world class, the hamburger and the fries were amazing.The atmosphere was so great outside overlooking the Vegas strip. I love coming here this time of year because the weather is perfection!Had to come this year because it's a Friday and Halloween, my favorite day of the year, so fun to costume it up.The staff was superb, catering to our every need, the Chardonnay was excellent !"Val de Mer" Petit Chablis Patrick Puize-France.Amaze
5	This place is my favorite restaurant here at the Cosmopolitan.  We came in for happy hour and everything was amazing. I love love loved their bone marrow with oxtail jelly. It was just amazing!! Their syrah selection was superb!! Check out the pics!
2	Patio is beautiful.  Drinks were decent.  Food was subpar at best.  The bone marrow was cold and the crispy chicken skin that accompanied the pate was chewy.  When we asked, we were told that the chef cooks the chicken skin earlier and reheats it.  Eh?  It's never going to be crispy that way.  Escargot pie was pretty good and french fries were fine.  Not the Vegas fine dining that to which we're accustomed.We left hungry and went to Jose Andres which was much busier and definitely more fulfilling.  Disappointing experience for my birthday meal.
2	Another reviewer very appropriately deemed the food sub par. I could not agree more. Service was spotty. Our server was pleasant and engaging but she pretty much disappeared after our food was delivered, checking on us once. Props to the manager for giving me a free beer after our waitress opened up my beer and it exploded all over her. She handled it well and the complimentary beer was unnecessary. But appreciated. My wife got the gnocchi. Over cooked and dry. I would have pushed for her to send it back, but I didn't taste it til there was very little left (the fact we were all hungry played a role in not sending back any of the food). A friend ordered the steak and frites. She requested medium rare. She got a barely there pink middle. Basically medium well. Flavor was awesome, but it was like leather. Frites were very good. Another friend got the hamburger. He said it was good, so maybe they know how to cook that properly. I got the bouillabaisse. Broth was fantastic as was the skate. But seriously, if you are going to serve a dish with mussels, try to avoid cooking them to the size of a shriveled pea. After seeing my mussels, my wife was glad she didn't order the stand alone mussels dish. I guess over cooked dry gnocchi beats out over cooked shriveled mussels. This place had such promise - great location. Interesting menu. But for the prices vs. results - it just fell short.
1	Perhaps one star is not fair, but we did not eat there...and here is why. We walked in and asked to be seated but they said might have a table in 15 minutes, seemed like a small wait. We went to the lounge and ordered some wine, I decided to look at how quickly we might be seated and to my surprise there were many tables. I noticed that a couple tables were sat while we waited and I thought they must be some of the reservations the hostess spoke of. I decided to ask again how long and she explained it might be longer and gave some interesting answers about VIP, and no 2 tops, and ultimately a long song and dance.  I walked back to my wife and she was not enjoying her wine and we decided that this was not a place we wanted to dine. Here is what is so interesting and why I am posting it on yelp. I looked up places to dine at 9:30 on a Saturday night and look what came up. Comme Ca, I had to test to see if I could get a reservation and sure enough a 9:30 was open. This appalled me and as a local I realized why the strip is not my first choice for dining options. I suspect the food is wonderful and I would have loved to spend my money there, but since I was not one of the chosen ones...
2	Given the price you pay to eat here the food is far from worth it. The quick take away is the portions are small, the good isn't great, and it's absurdly expensive for what you get. I have no qualms paying for expensive food if the quality correlates. See details below:1) the staff didn't know the menu very well so every question was met with a long pause and us googling to come with an answer 2) the cheese plate lacked a lot of flavor and across the board from gruyere to goat everything tastes the same and bland 3) the gnocchi/lamb initially tasted decent but left a very vinegary after taste which was unpleasant 4) the portions of both the food and wine were quite tiny
3	The view and atmosphere of the restaurant are amazing. They definitely get an A plus for that. Unfortunately the service was very mediocre. We had to wait a long time to get our meal. Some of the girls at my party ordered the burger for dinner. Although it was good, it was extremely under cooked. They ordered their meat medium well, but they got back a very pink patty, almost like Ahi Tuna. The menu is very limited. There are several appetizer options but not very many main entrees. The server hardly checked on us, I wonder if it was because her gratuity was already included. The food took a while and the restaurant was super empty. One of my favorite dishes was the chicken cooked in red wine, this was delicious! We also tried the Merengue Chocolate which was great. This was a combination of chocolate and marshmallow mousse! The menu changes constantly to the point that not even their website has a current one! Overall, a good place if you are looking for a nice view of the strip.
4	I made reservations for dinner here for my family and myself weeks in advance, noting that we were celebrating my daughter's birthday and requesting a window seat. We arrived promptly at 6pm and no one else was at the restaurant yet. Yet they sat us at a table by the window at the far end of the restaurant, across from the Mile High neon banner billboard (over Walgreens) - not on the other end, across from the Paris and the "Eiffel Tower". I'm not sure why they did this, as even when we left after our meal, there were only a few other diners present. Oh well, for this I ding them one star. Other than this seating issue, the meal and the service were fantastic!One of my kids wasn't feeling well so she ordered a Soup a l'Oignon Gratinee (French onion soup) which she unfortunately couldn't really eat. I don't recall what I ordered, but it was a small appetizer of some sort and I remember it was good (I recently had some surgery and can't really eat much). Hubby ordered Coq au Vin and he said it was fantastic. I know my Coq au Vin and it sure looked and smelled legit. He also had a glass of nice Riesling and one of the restaurant's salads, which he enjoyed immensely. (Note: this restaurant has a lovely wine menu).The biggest hit of the night was my other kid's meal: it was a special of the day, the rainbow trout. At first we were all taken aback by the fact that the fish was served with its head attached. It was practically looking at us! But the fish itself was splayed out, filleted, beautifully plated with accompanying vegetables. My kid said this was the best fist she ever had in her entire life. I tried a small piece. Indeed, it was the best fish I had ever had in MY entire life! It was cooked to perfection, so delicate, and the skin was so thin, like paper, and crispy. It was divine. Truly divine. Our server was attentive and pleasant. The restaurant was well-appointed and welcoming, in a sophisticated way. The view of the Strip is fabulous. I thought that the prices of food was very reasonable. We will definitely return!
