5	Hole-in-the-Rock is a cave-like natural rock formation sculpted into the top of a sandstone butte in Phoenix's beautiful Papago Park. It's one of the most powerful scenic views in our city, and is the perfect place to showcase its exquisite landscape. Just a short hike up the butte and you'll find yourself in the amazing chamber sculpted over millions of years of wind and water erosion. At sunset there are few locations that can rival its awesomeness. The hole faces south, giving a wonderful view over south Phoenix all the way to South Mountain.  Hole-in-the-Rock is truly one of the greatest attractions in our city and everyone would be blessed to experience it at least once. No fee to enter. Bring a camera!
4	Hiking up, down and through Papago Park's Hole In the Rock is like having your first kiss.  Your slightly nervous, it has the potential to be sloppy, but after it's over, you realize you're pretty good at it.  And if you're like me, you go back again for more!This is an ideal spot for inexperienced hikers or for people like me, walkers.  But the beauty of the place will take your breath away more than the hike will (after a few times that is).  Not that it's not challenging because if you're anything like me, exercise is always challenging.  Seriously.  Papago Park is also close to Tempe, Scottsdale, and not a far drive from downtown Phoenix so if you're looking from a change from an ordinary day of working out, pack a water bottle, grab your camera, and get out hiking.  Who knows, I might even blog one day about Camelback...Well, I'll work up to it.
3	Taking the hike up to the hole is alright. I will admit that in theory hole in the rock sounds beautiful. It should be a breathtaking experience. But every time I've been up there I'm just disgusted by the condom wrappers and joint butts that are scattered all over. This place is clearly a hot spot for teens and homeless people. If you want a good hike with a great view, you'll get it. But yeah uh...watch where you step inside that hole and for Gods sake don't eat lunch inside of it!
3	Pros:-Even with high heel boots, I could get up the to the "hole" within 10 minutes.-There's a parking lot at the base of the hill.Cons:-It's too easy to get up to the top so everyone in Phoenix is there.-The view from the top is mediocre at best.As we were leaving, I saw some silly people trying to get their kids up to the top by pushing them in strollers.  This is not even a "hike" - it's so easy but it's not easy enough for strollers people.
3	I love to hike...  am usually out on the trails meandering around..  This "hike" I would save for out-of-towners who want to see something different/new. This is a VERY, VERY - TOO Easy hike.  5 minutes and you are at the top. It's a good place for pics... if you can get the other visitors to  stand out of the way for a few minutes... :)
3	The hole in the rock was pretty interesting, but only for about 5 minutes. It's not a hike at all, more of a walk on unpaved ground. Once you're up there, the view is pretty cool, but the crowds of people and rowdy kids and dogs detract from the magnificence and romance. I'd think it's a great place to take kids, though, because of how easy it is. Good thing it's located in Papago Park so you can go and see the zoo or the gardens or Hunt's Tomb while you're there. If you go just to see the hole, it's kind of a waste of time.
5	(NOTE: Follow the signs to the zoo.  The parking lot is right next to the zoo's parking lot))  I love exploring new things.  This hole in the rock isn't something you see every day.  We enjoyed walking up.  I'm currently pregnant and it was pretty easy for me to "hike" up.  It only took about 5 minutes to get to the top.  There isn't any strenuous climbing involved. We went on a late Monday morning and there wasn't anyone there.  Afterwards, we went to the zoo to freshen up and walk around some more.
5	There was plenty of parking available, the park area is well-kept, and the trail is well marked.For a touristy-type, easy hike with a great view at the end, Hole-in-the-Rock is the perfect morning hike.  From the right spot, you can see Downtown Tempe and Downtown Phoenix!
4	This was my first time "hiking" and we did it in flip flops.  We were here on a Saturday afternoon after going to the zoo.  There weren't really any signs telling us where to go and some of the parking was blocked off.  There also wasn't a trail head (which I thought was normal) so we just parked randomly in some ramada and walked up.  The view is amazing and probably only took us10 min to walk up there.  Definitely recommend going for a "hike" up here if you are in the area.
4	Not a tough hike at all, I have been coming here since I was a little girl. Make someone stay down on the ground and take your photo of you triumphant in the hole in the rock.
4	Its cool.  The hike to get to it is not even a hike, the hole offers a nice view of the phx skyline.  You can climb around on the rock, but besides that theres not much to do here.
2	Yep, it's a rock that has a hole in it. May have been more enjoyable except for the kids hanging out for a long smoke break. Plenty of other natural sights to spend time seeing.
4	So coming from Iowa I have never experienced the beauty of the sunset as I did at The Hole In the Rock. My sister an I went here back in October when she came for a visit. Yes, October, I have been slow to write a review. Being a person who enjoys nature and the beauties God has bestowed upon us I found a piece of calm of serenity here. Yea, Iowa has sunsets but not with the vibrant color as we seen. And not with such an open place to view them. I didn't mind the walk up to the hole, nor the walk down. My thighs let me know of my feat, it was all a feel good pain!  Personally I could have, and would have been content to stay put and wait for the days to pass. To me being able to experience such calmness is tops. I recently found myself at the Hole again. Why one would ask themselves?  Well sometimes in life a person needs to step back, regather, regroup and thank God for all they have in this life. Sometimes we get slapped with what we don't know is happening, only to be chastised and faulted. I took that time, words of hatred spoken and drove. I found myself watching a sunset and thanking God for the gifts given and the recent ability of understanding.  I understand that in life we are given time, sometimes we fail to be honest, we fail to share the whole picture. Sitting and watching the sunset brought a sense of fulfillment. I understand memories are to be made do to limited time. I, with the help of God, understood and still do. I haven't faulted, instead I have forgiven. I've learned a lot, the best lesson is one of patience, understanding, and accepting others, faults an all. I hope to be able to experience many more sunsets. I, along with my sister, do plan on returning in February to share such an experience with our Auntie. Hopefully she can make it up the hill! If not well I guess we will carry her. This is one place I have found since moving here that I believe many people who have lived here all their lives fail to experience for what it is, a look into the beauty of life God has given to us. For me the four stars represent the peace, the connection with others far away. Are you seeing the same sunset I see?
4	Everyone pretty much covered it. It's a great spot to go watch the sunset. It's an easy short hike to the top. It's not hard to find and parking is simple. You can see the whole city from the top. The pond near by is pretty, too. Bring your camera!
5	This is really cool. It's a nice lil' hike and adventure to take when visiting the viewpoints and natural history of the Phoenix area. Best to visit at sunset!
3	Pretty cool view of PHX zoo, see distant view of downtown. Def worth checking out if on the way. Small hike as in maybe 5 mins walk from nearest parking lot to the sitting inside the hole.
4	Since Hole in the Rock was only about 5 minutes away from our hotel, my boyfriend and I decided to check it out before we started our day. We drove to the area and started looking for parking. There was none. It was totally packed! Dang, this many people come to the Phoenix Zoo? I don't think this many people even go to the San Diego Zoo, and our zoo is supposedly #1. We circled and circled multiple parking lots until we said "F it", let's just park illegally and do this thing real quick. The "hike" up to the hole shouldn't take you any longer than 10 minutes. There's a path from the parking lot below which takes you to the back of the rock. Then there's a nice little rock stairway that you can climb to the top. The view from the hole is pretty nice. You can see the desert landscape along with the buildings of Downtown. We made it short and sweet by snapping a few pics within 10-15 minutes and headed back to the car before I could get towed. Mission completed!
3	Where else can you easily climb 25 million year old rocks, find a viewing port and see the Phoenix metropolis sprawling in the four directions?
4	The name says it all. It's a very short hike up to a hole in a rock. The view is nice & parking is free.
4	short, fairly easy hike but not well labelled/marked!  i went with a friend who had been before so that's how i knew which way to go.  even then, we both got lost trying to find the parking lot!  easy parking in the zoo parking lot - you can see the "hole in the rock" from there so just park on that end of the lot.  just a short walk down a paved road then some light terrain up the hill.  not a hard hike - i did it in flat sandals.  great photo ops at the top!  we went on a weekday so there were very few people around but my friend says it gets crowded on weekdays.  also, no water fountains and bathrooms in sight so take care of all that before you go!
4	Touristy, a "I was there" type point of interest and a short easy hike for parental units looking to get a little outdoorsy but not.  The view is pretty good with an occasional jumbo jet buzzing by but what else can you ask for.  I mtn bike around this area as well a good bit and have a lot of fun ripping about.  Free parking as well but can get really populated on the weekends.  With winter time around Phoenix it gives you an excuse, if you're not a Phoenician, to strut around in a short sleeve and shorts in the midst of winter.
4	It's a fun little "hike". It's very short, it's pretty much set up as stairs going up, but it's nice to go up, see the view, and such. There are more hiking trails around, but we were on a time crunch so this was perfect. It's also near the botanical gardens, which if we had more time we would have loved to go.
4	FIVE STARS if you climb to the top.Three stars if you just stroll to the hole in the wall Not to rain on any one's parade, but I think yelpers would reconsider their 4 star rating if they checked out the view on top the rock.I do not believe climbing to the top is quite sanctioned, given there is no official trail.  A word of caution of course. If you are an abled bodied, clear minded, and careful soul, it should take you no more than 15 minutes from the easiest starting point.    Half the fun is figuring it out.  As the peep on top of the rock instructed me, find your "adventurous spirit," and you will find a way to the top.  If you think your route is too tough, it probably is.  This climb definitely requires shoes with good grip, don't even consider it if you have any doubts about your shoes.  It is a challenging climb for the novice, and probably a sneeze for the most experienced mountain climber,  regardless the view is well worth it. Spoiler alert in my attached pic.  As for the non climbing experience straight to the hole, the nature walk is easy.  Even the most non adventurous can make it.  If your company needs convincing, just tell them, if they can walk up one flight of stairs, they have met the physical requirements.  Ideal trek for both the afternoon stroll or a simple climb.  I will bring all my acceptably fit friends to the top.  Car door to top of the rock to car door time : 1 hour.    Car door to hole to car door time: 30 minutes.
3	Thanks to Yelp I came here couple month ago when visit AZ. I was kind of disappointed I thought it was going to be a crazy hike but it's a short path to the hole and a nice view looking both ways.If you have extra time come by for a photo op but not get upset if you can't make it to the hole. Not on my top 5 things to do. But if you're in the area and wanna say you been here and done it then why not!I came early in the morning so no one else was there but me.
5	I was very impressed with Hole-in-the-rock/Papago Park. Climbing up is fairly easy if you take the back way.  It is a short hike, about 5-10 min. Going up the front is very steep.  The park has several trails and picnic areas.  I saw several little ground squirrels. There are so cute! It is also free to enter the park.  The zoo is right next door so you could make a whole day out of the park and zoo.  Parking is a little confusing though because there is very little signage.  I just parked at the zoo and walked over.
4	This is a good-quick site to see.  Its not some big adventure, nor is it a long intense hike.  Its not something that will fill an entire day either, but its a good place to take out of town guests for a quick and unique view of the city.  The Papago Park area and Papago Mountains are very cool and very unique looking and when you crawl through the hole in the rock and stand on the other side it makes for a very nice panoramic.  Since it is such an easy and accessible attraction it can often be crowded, which could determine how much time you want to spend there.
4	Easily accessible and it only takes a few minutes to climb up. Steps are available so if you're wearing heels, you can still make it to the top.
5	This is a 5-minute hike after you park the car and walk around back to walk up to the hole.  Near the end of the path are a few steeper rocks, but nothing very difficult.  The shade and relief from the heat once in the hole competes with the beautiful views you can see.  Fun little activity.
5	This is my favorite spot to park when getting in a quick Papago Park mountain bike session.  Also great to bring my daughter out and climb up thru the hole.
5	i love this little gem just a short bike ride from our house. it's perfect for sunsets, but it does get crowded most evenings. if you drive, park at the nearest lot and it's literally a 5 minute walk to the viewpoint. it's a really cool spot in Papago!
4	Cool place to check out. It gives you a pretty good view of things around. You can also get some pretty good pictures of the area and through the hole in the rock. If you are feeling spunky you can traverse across the side and get on top and look through the hole that is in the ceiling. Be careful though, it is not a place for kids to go up and down. I would recommend having good balance and a good pair of sticky hiking shoes. I don't think you would want to lose your grip and fall. It would be a long way down.
5	How have I lived so close to here and am just now discovering this gem?  Awesome view of the city and valley. Make sure you go for sunset not many better places to view than this. Free parking and easy 3 minute walk. I'll for sure be back.
3	For hiking areas for the Phoenix metro area, this one is pretty middle-of-the-road. The hike to the large rock hole is easy, and the view from the hole is scenic. However, because you are viewing from within an arch-like rock formation and since the rock formation is not quite as tall as the big mountains such as Camelback or Piestewa Peak, the view is relatively limited and not quite as dramatic. Also, the place is a popular spot, especially for picnickers, so it is best to avoid this area during holidays because it will be quite crowded then.
4	I drive past this every day and never realized this gem existed right in my back yard! Definitely don't come here if you want a hike. Walking to the top of your football bleachers would be harder to do.But if you want a pretty view, and have been stuck at home all day with your houseguests, this is the easiest, most perfect place to bring them. For locals? Come here if you're looking for a romantic spot (the ladies can climb it in heels!) But don't expect privacy! It's crowded most times of the day!
4	The kids & I decided to have a picnic at Papago Park. While there we felt adventurous and decided to check out the hole in the rock. What a perfect spot for a beginner hiker who's out of shape and really isn't into hiking. Ha-ha!   From the front it looks like a difficult rock to climb and I didn't even want to try. But then I realized there was a path up the back that was easy to hike. Me and my son did it in sandals! So now I can say that I hike! !
3	I'm with everyone when they say that this is not a hike. lol.It's basically a quick walk with man made steps to see a somewhat view of what is Phoenix. It's right next to the zoo, can't miss it. I liked that it was a stop over and a cute quest for my boyfriend and I to do on our trip, but it's definitely not a hike! I was wearing a super cute outfit with dressy boots and was able to walk up this hole hill :)
5	Perfect hike for 5-7 year olds. We usually go up and down a couple of times and then have an eat out lunch at one of the numerous pavilions in the park.
3	It's kinda cool, but a little anti-CLIMBactic (ha..ha..). I would go just to check it out though.  It's a lack-luster "hike" to the top (takes you 2-5 min, depending on how fast you walk). We were up there for maybe 4 minutes and then went back down. I suppose it's worth it to see and snap a few shots, just nothing too extraordinary.
4	Very easy 5 min. hike to the hole--I was able to do it in my work clothes and wedges!  It's a pretty cool rock formation to see at least once, and the view is great too.
5	Free attraction that's definitely worth visiting!  You can park in the zoo lot then walk about 5 minutes to get to it.  Pretty pond with fishing and swans right by it.  I'd suggest going in early morning before heat kicks in as you do have to climb for a few minutes but it's not too strenuous.  Bring someone to take pictures of you because take it from me, selfies up there will NOT do that view justice.  It's absolutely gorgeous and nice to just sit on the rock for a while taking it all in.  A picnic would be a nice option too...especially at sunset.  Oh the romance :)
4	literally a ten minute hike (if you walk slow) to a hole..in the rock. it's gorgeous and i can probably sit there forever creeping on the small children and random families/couples hehe
5	I live next door the Hole in the Rock and as a trail runner, I find myself running up it frequently.  I want to clarify that I give this 5 stars as a family recreational site - not as a hiking or running trail.This is a great .25 mile hike for a family. I started taking my kids there when they were 3 years old.  My son is as clumsy as they come and even he can manage the trail.  Most of the trail is stairs although there is some loose rock.  Today, I watched a two year old climb the whole thing on her own.The view is pretty amazing for such a short little trail. Sometimes in the morning I run up and down and I never actually stop to take a breath and look.  But when I do, I always think to myself, 'Wow, I need to stop and taking a breath more often'.
5	God's handiwork is glorious.  Papago is great and it was my second time there on my trip, but first time to the Hole.  Easy trek up to it and nice that there are stairs.  it really does give a gorgeous view.
4	Reasons to like this place is easy:-It's free-Easy to hike (more like walk)-Great view and constant wind through the hole-in-the-rock-Has a theorized historical significance to the natives to determine equinoxes & solsticesThere is a parking lot at the base of the natural geological formation and a short quarter mile up. The trail is a bit rocky and can have high steps, so take note if you are taking your child to watch their footing. Other than that it's pretty easy and not straining at all.The view is awesome with tons of space to sit, enjoy the view of West Phoenix, enjoy the warm breeze and just relax- or take your selfies if that's therapeutic for you.
4	Great photo opportunity. Nearby to the botanical gardens, so plan to do these things together. It's surprisingly windy through the rock, so you can get some good Marilyn Monroe style shots if you're a chick with a skirt. Or a Scottish guy in a kilt. It's only about 30 minutes our of your day, so don't plan too much time for it. But it's certainly worth doing just for the photo op.
3	Not much of a hike, but a great walk to a nice view of Tempe and the Phoenix Zoo. The parking is free, it's easy to get to, and would be a nice activity for the whole family. There are a number of ramadas with BBQ grills, but pay attention to any fire restrictions in place depending not the time of year. Also, the tables are marked as alcohol by permit only.
4	Neat place to visit. It is a stones throw from the botanical garden as well as Phoenix Zoo. This trail is located in the beautiful Papago park. I would hesitate to call it a hike. You'll probably walk farther trying to find your car in a mall parking lot. That being said, the view is amazing. The 5 minute hike provides a beautiful look at the surrounding areas. I would highly recommend it for the time/result payoff.
3	Hole in the Rock is a pretty cool thing to see.  We didn't have enough time to actually go inside the hole (wait, what?) but we did get to see it from afar.  It's located within a park that seemed nearly impossible to navigate but once we found a good spot, we did snap a few photos of it.  Pretty cool to see something like this since when is there ever really a hole...In a rock?
5	I love Hole In The Rock. Easy hike to the the hole. Kids can do it. It is free and has an amazing view.
4	I used to go here all the time when I was a kid. Never had a desire to come here until my son wanted to take his senior picture at Hole in the Rock. He loves hiking so what the heck. We got there at 4pm and it was hot. Nice area to just relax. Right around 5:15 we started hiking because both my son and the photographer wanted to get the sunset. I didn't realize I would have to hike it too. Dumb me. I wasn't prepared cause I just wore flip flops. Anyways, I hiked up the short cut through the rocks instead of following the path. I know bad bad bad. I was able to make it up with no problems. I even saw another woman in flip flops and a grandma. So this really tells you a lot about this hike. Really easy hike. Not difficult at all. One thing I didn't realize is that a bunch of people hike up to the hole just to sit in the hole to watch the sunset. When we walked down and I looked back up at the hole there must have been a good twenty plus people up there. So if you want a good seat and parking (limited parking by the path) get there a little early before the crowd. Again, nice fun place to bring your kids. Not a hard hike but nice scenery overlooking the city. For you hard core hikers, be aware this isn't a really hike. Might not be enough to get the heart to beat fast but great scenery. Enjoy.
5	Pretty awesome little spot, if you can get there because there are NO signs!!You go toward the zoo, but turn LEFT before you get to the zoo and follow the street to the end.The walking path to the top is relatively easy, I did it!  But the view and triumph of making it is worth it.
5	It's a nice short walk up to the hole. We walked up to the top with a three year old and a 20 month old and the 20 month old had no problems walking the entire path. Great views of Phoenix and it is free!
4	Located in a park. It's free and interesting. The hike was quick. I saw a hare but no rattlesnakes.Be patient once you get to the hole. People taking their sweet time taking lots of selfies, couples making out and crap, and people who are just standing and nothing else. Yup, standing and not moving for minutes. So, sit on a rock and enjoy the view of the park from the hole.
3	Getting here wasn't easy for none local people.  I followed the GPS heading north on N Galvin Pkwy and it said the destination is on your right!  Didn't see it, so kept driving passing it for a mile or two...took the long way ended at University ave and finally backed to 202 and back to the same N Galvin pkwy again..I saw that rock when driving but did not see the hole and wasn't expect it to be the one. Since there's no sign telling you where to turn. here's the direction:Traveling on N Galvin Pkwy heading north, turn right into the Papago park. Make the first left turn and follow the road. You will drive through the small parking lot where is exact beneath the hole in the rock. (One way)If this parking filled up, keep driving you will hit another parking lot. Or you can park at the zoo parking lot and walk. The road connects zoo parking lot and loop to the hole in the rock was blocked by the gate.  Once you get to the parking lot, you will see a sign and the trail started right after the sign. Once you started the trail, there's a shortcut on your left  but either way, it's short. It won't take more than 5 mins.I really don't think the view is any spectacular. The view from the hole is basically...parking lot..yup I can see where my car is.even I got there in time for sunset, I still don't think this is anything amazing that a MUST SEE.My friend went on a bus tour and the tour took them here too, I get it, it's free and it's easy access for almost all ages. If I have to pay entrance fee to see this...I would def very angry and think it's a tourist trap.If you have ever seen those red rock formations at Snow Canyon, UT, Valley of Fire, NV (those two are just State Park, not even National park)...this place is really....just a rock w a hole in the backyard.
