4	They are in the middle of a renovation to make it even better.  Fresh produce selection is great and very fresh.  Pricing is a little higher than WalMart across the street, but quality is so much better!I don't shop for many of the preboxed, processed items - mostly fresh meat and produce (a paleo lifestyle - as much as possible).  Staff is very friendly here and it is convenient to my house, till I move late March to uptown!I will shop here again....
3	So tomorrow night is the first night of Hanukkah. YAY!! Oh wait I think I need to get some Hanukkah candles. I think I should stop at Harris Teeter on the way home from work.      I have not been normally shopping here, but it was the first grocery store that I pass on the way home. I have shopped at this Harris Teeter since about 2001. They used to have a little bank attached where I opened up my first bank account with Bank of America. It has always been a nice grocery store that reminded me of the ones back home in  NJ.       This morning there was pretty much no one inside other than employees just chilling and getting  ready for the evening ahead. So here was my list. Dish-washing detergent, Hanukkah candles, and tofu. Pretty simple. The only thing is I do not know where to find 2 of above mentioned items. Luckily before I began my long and tedious I found some help.      A very friendly man, who by his attire and name tag appeared to be the manager, walked right in front of me. He was very helpful at first giving me a little walk through to show me the great selection of tofu they had. At least for me it was great. 2/4$ and it was organic or what not. there a decent amount of choices.     However the 3 stars is only because when I asked where the Hanukkah stuff was he said they do not carry anything. He did point me to kosher foods, and when I was in the isle he gave further assistance. This is what I saw. A few boxes of matzoh on bottom shelf one two boxes of some other stuff, and some....HANUKKAH Candles  and also Shabot candles. One thing I can not stand is not knowing what you carry. Nobody try to say it is not his fault, or he may have not known.I just got upset that when I asked he said NO with a very sure voice. I can appreciate an I do not know let us fund out.      Anywho I got my things, paid at the self ring register, and was let down one more time. They used to always have these scrumdidilumpcious sugar cookies waiting for you at the exit door. They even had low fat ones!! I was disappointed they were were missing. May I note they were not there the last time either. Overall shopping went well. Always a nice place to shop. And for an Jews trying to find some last minute candles, yes Harris Teeter has them.Please Harris Teeter bring back my free surprise for being a goodboy at the grocery store!!!!!!!!
3	It's the best of the grocery stores in my area, in my opinion. It's clean and well-lit. The prices are a tad higher, but with a better selection available for what I usually purchase. I do shop elsewhere on occasion for things HT does not carry and more convenience as there are a few closer stores.
4	This store is well put together and in a shopping center close to rite-aid,red bowl Asian bistro, wendys,pizza hut, Bojangles and etc....clean store and very easy to find things...
3	This store is always spotless and generally well-stocked.  The do however tend to run out of their advertised specials before the sale ends.  The store is well laid out, prices a little higher than the other supermarkets in the area, however their selection is greater and quality of their product is higher. I generally stop here once or twice a week for dinner items and am never disappointed.  The staff s friendly and always helpful, making shopping at this location as enjoyable as grocery shopping can be.
4	Evic, weekly specials and coupons always make my trips to Harris Teeter exciting. They have the best deals.  I'm new to couponing but I'm definitely convinced it's worth it!
