4	Many a long high school night were spent here. Copying presentations, gluing things onto inappropriately large pieces of posterboard, those were the days!Not really. But Kinko's really was always the most helpful and easiest place to take on projects like those. Staff could always decipher the copy machines, which have since become the bain of the existence of every nine to fiver I know. Copies are cheap, and the service the staff provides is damn near invaluable. If it weren't for them, those miserable projects (does anyone remember diaramas?) would have been even worse.
5	James was extremely helpful in turning what could have been a disastrous problem into a workable solution.  He is my hero for today!  Thanks James!
2	I've been here twice and both times I've have found the staff to be "less than helpful" ...
5	Best place to ship in central phoenix. Always helpful, great staff. Convenient hours and location too.
5	OK, so up front I'll say that this review is based on me needing a passport snap in a huge hurry... My passport expired a few months ago and I hadn't gotten around to taking care of renewing it. I just found out I'll have to go out of the country twice on business in January, and trying to get a passport picture on short notice in this town appears to be next to impossible. Yesterday I went to three places -- one didn't do photos and sent me to another place; when I got there, they took the picture only to find out the camera battery was too weak to print the picture; and the last place took the picture but had a freakin' greeting card order already running that they couldn't pause to print my picture. So today -- I call this FedEx location to confirm that their Yelp page is correct in that they do, in fact, take passport pictures. Yes! I walk in, they take the picture, it prints in about three minutes, I pay for it, I leave. In 'n' out in about ten minutes. The employees were very helpful with my request, even when they were quite busy with other customers and their holiday shipping, copying, etc. So yeah -- I'll come back here for more "FedEx"-type requests just because they did so well on this request! Yesterday was insane, and today they made it easy!
5	The guy who assisted me was incredibly friendly and very helpful in printing and binding my paper.  I would definitely go again!
5	Photo poster print and very helpful and nice service!
5	Writing this review because the service was quite possibly the friendliest and most helpful I've ever had. I was doing fairly basic things but the staff was just fantastic.It sucks that faxing is more than a dollar a sheet though.......but 5 stars for the employees.
