1	Dave Winters came out and gave an estimate for a sunroom project. He was there for about an hour, and didn't give us very much information. A few days later, I got an email saying he'd pass on the project, but that my baby is very cute. What a weird interaction! I'm not sure what would make him pass on the project without giving an explanation, but I found the whole affair to be bizarre and unprofessional. Of course, any contractor has a choice not to take the project (just like I have the choice to post on the internet about how weird the whole interaction was). Perhaps he didn't think he could make enough money on the project or something...whatever it was, though, I would have appreciated knowing what his issue was with my house (my family? me?). The whole thing was just weird. I don't recommend doing business with these guys. You'll find yourself looking in the mirror, asking, "What did I do?"I'll continue to update Yelp with the unfolding saga of having work done on our home, hopefully with more positive reviews in the future!
5	We've had Screenmobile of Charlotte help us with two different projects - one was a retractable screen for sliding french doors and the other was a removable safety fence around our pool.  Everyone who works for this company is so very helpful and puts customer satisfaction as their primary goal.  I highly recommend Dave and his team (including Debbie in the the office) if you have any screening needs.
1	I have called this company 5 times to get a screen door repaired.  ZERO response.  So much for trying to help a local business.  I will order one direct from the web and do it myself.
1	This was the most unprofessional company that my husband and I have ever dealt with any where.  We currently live in New Jersey and are purchasing a home in Charlotte.  We decided to use Screenmobile to install security screens and doors.  We made it clear that we would be flying in for the sole purpose of getting an estimate and meeting with the owner.  Well the owner made the meeting and made some good suggestions but failed to follow through.  It has been three weeks and we have not received an estimate or a phone call explaining the delay.  I have called twice to find out the reason for the delay and when we can expect installation but each time the owner, David isn't there and he never returns my calls.  This company has horrible customer service and clearly doesn't want our business.  My husband and I have moved on to a different company, DB Doors.  They returned our call immediately and gave us an estimate within a few hours.  I would not use Screenmobile.I must say however that Debbie at Screenmobile is awesome.  She tried as best she could to help us and emailed David several times but she can only do so much sense the lazy person is her boss.
