1	Good selection of merchandise. Some fairly talented staff, although heavy on attitude. Customer service after the sale was a complete disaster. Found management to be either absent or unwilling to resolve problems.
5	Very helpful, no pressure sales people. They listened to me, and helped me find a product that fit what I was looking for. In fact, I actually picked up a much larger product than I intended to purchase, not only because it was higher quality than what competitors were offering, it was also priced competitively. In the process of purchasing the one piece of furniture, I saw another item that we had been considering, but had not at all planned on purchasing so soon. The salesperson didn't bring it to my attention (because I hadn't asked), but once I expressed interest, he was as helpful and friendly as he'd been before... no pressure whatsoever. When salespeople listen and help, and they are interested in satisfying customers, versus trying to upgrade and add on beyond the expressed budget, it means when I do have $1600 to spend on a sofa, living room or bedroom set, I'll be going back to the place that treated me just as well when I only had a few bucks to spend, relative to the pricing on most of their other products. Sales is not always about getting the biggest bang for your buck as the salesperson, but investing in customer relations, listening and adhering to one's budget, treating the customer well, no pressure, no gaming, just straightforward. The individual I worked with has ensured that I will return the next time we are in the market for furniture. The other places I shopped probably won't see me again.
5	... the sales guy in the recliner department, is hands-down, the best salesman I've ever encountered.  I don't remember his name, it was the beginning of last month, went in there to help my elderly disabled mother select a new recliner, my little brother was along as well.  This guy had us laughing, and fully participating in the sale banter, even though all 3 of us have very little patience for salespeople in general.  Have to hand it to this guy, who ever he is ... he has a bright future in whatever he does, while he is really really good at Lazy Boy recliner sales, I do believe he has a brighter future in whatever he chooses to do moving forward.  He really sealed the deal when he started to flip over the chair, showed us the hardware underneath, made fun of the 'other brands' there, physically 'thrashing' the other brands shakin' 'em around showing their feebleness vs. Lazy Boy, this guy knew the Lazy Boy history down pat, and paired it with all sorts of bouncing around on the chair, showing us its 'hardiness', features ... I had tears in my eyes I was laughing so hard.  Brilliant.  We bought the warranty ... even though we rarely do that ... it is a rare day that i'll go out of my way to tell a salesperson, 'nice work'.  The Lazy Boy salesman at Steinhafels, even if you don't need a chair, just pretend you want one, then kick back and watch the show ... you'll want to buy one once 'mr lazy boy' does his thing ...
5	Bought three separate things shortly after moving here and had all good experiences. I shopped at three different mattress stores all on the same street and this had the best mattress for a reasonable price. The salespeople weren't pushy and annoying, but were helpful when I needed help. The mattress was delivered promptly and they were careful walking through the house with it.I picked up a dresser and a table from the store to assemble and both look great. The dresser had a slight problem with one drawer but steinhafels sent me an email the day I got it saying if I had any problems to fill out a form and they'd come fix it (no cost to me). I took them up on it and the guy came and fixed it quickly and was friendly and competent.
2	I wanted to ask about the availability of a particular sofa, so I called the toll-free number listed on their website. The woman I was routed to did not seem very happy to answer my questions. She asked for the SKU #, and I gave her the # listed on the manufacturer's website. She responded with a surprising amount of attitude, as that # apparently was an "internal #" and not what she needed (though I'm not sure how I was supposed to know that). Her overall demeanor was one of condescension. I'll be buying my sofa elsewhere.
4	Since moving to Madison several years ago we have bought quite a bit of furniture, most from Steinhafels, some from other places.We have been very satisfied with the sales people at the store (we bought from the location along the beltline).  We were looking at a sectional, and the salesman advised us that one of their biggest sales would be coming up in a couple of months.  As promised, he called us as soon as the sale started to let us know the lower price was available.  Excellent follow-up!Why not five stars?  For service I do give five stars.  However, not all of the furniture can be considered high-quality merchandise, which in all fairness one would expect at this price point.  With a teen, we often buy extended warranties, and we needed to exercise warranty claims both for our sectional as well as a queen bed.  Steinhafels offers extended warranties through Guardsman.  When we filed our first claim I did some internet research on Guardsman and read a lot of horror stories, but in our experience Guardsman's service was excellent, despite a somewhat convoluted claims filing process.We will buy from Steinhafels again!
4	So day one - Steinhafel's.  The manager, in an eye burning yellow shirt, asked me if I needed help.  I told him what I wanted.  We looked.  I found a sofa I liked but it was just out of my price range.  I explained that to the manager and instead of taking any other normal approach, he invaded my personal space by learning in abnormally close to me.  It was weird and in a very menacing manner, explained to me that this sale was only happening today and I needed to act.  He would not be responsible for  me losing the great sale.  Fine, make a sale, but do not creep me out while doing it.  Also, why so abrasive?  Gross.  Please change your shirt, you look like Dwight.Day two - I really liked that couch so I went back the next day and then there was Bob!. Love him. He sat me down and priced out my couch.  Wow.  What a thought?  Just sit down and talk with me.  He gave me my options worked with my budget and length restriction.  Thank you Bob.  You manged to get Steinhafel's 5 stars and only lose one star for the manager with no boundries who is probably your boss.Note: I have not purchased the sofa yet.  It was late and I am going back when Bob is there this weekend.  So there may be more to this story or at least  a name for the manager.
4	We headed to Steinhafels as a reward for 3 days of intense patio building - patio furniture, here we come!  The 4th of July sale offered a number of nice sets for decent prices.  This was a definite plus - you could get something quite fancy ($1000+) or much more moderately priced ($300+) and they seemed to have a larger selection than what we'd seen at other chain stores. We worked with Jordan who was casual and informative, just how I like my salespeople.  He was not pushy, he just sat with us and had a frank conversation about the pros/cons of different sets.  The set we wanted was not in-stock so we had to wait until the next day for it to come from the warehouse.  As promised, it arrived on time and was fairly easy to assemble (easy for me to say, I just supervised).All in all I would certainly check them out again for future furniture needs - especially during sale season!
1	Do Not Shop Or Buy Furniture Here. Spent over $10,000.00 on three bedrooms and living room. After they have your money it is impossible to get customer service. Management is unwilling to listen, and customer service people are condescending and rude. Even after waiting three weeks for furniture it is difficult to get acceptable delivery date. Go anywhere else for furniture but Steinhafels.
1	Do Not Shop Or Buy Furniture Here. Spent over $10,000.00 on three bedrooms and living room. After they have your money it is impossible to get customer service. Management is unwilling to listen, and customer service people are condescending and rude. Even after waiting three weeks for furniture it is difficult to get acceptable delivery date. Go anywhere else for furniture but Steinhafels.
1	Horrible Experience!  Wrote a review yesterday, and somehow it was taken down. Do Not Shop Here!  Will keep posting Every Day if review is taken down. Terrible Service!
1	Horrible Experience!  Wrote a review yesterday, and somehow it was taken down. Do Not Shop Here!  Will keep posting Every Day if review is taken down. Terrible Service!
2	The tables we bought from Steinhafels are nice, but we were pregnant when we bought them and now have a toddler.  Knowing that, we purchased the furniture warranty they offered because they described it as simple - Call and they send someone out.  Cool! Well, now we have requested service from the warranty company and it has been hoop after hoop of jumping, no push-button simple here. I am becoming more and more convinced we were sold a bill of goods on the warranty by Steinhafels and will never get the service we paid for. Called Steinhafels customer service about it and they played the third party provider card.  Very nice!
5	I'm told they are expensive and there are other places that are better, but both times I've been there, I got great deals and left very happy.  No complaints.  I'll return there first when I need something else.  Look for the deals...they are there!
4	Buying a couch is a difficult task.You sit.  And sit. Sit some more. Sit a little longer.  Then sit some more.  Put your feet up, that's fine.I was impressed with the large selection Steinhafels offers in their showroom.  So many couches to sit on.  Even working TVs to watch while you try them out!  So many different styles and prices of couches, mattresses, and other living space accessories to choose from.Even better was our no-nonsense salesman who offered us a great deal on a showroom display couch.  The delivery was great.  They offer a real-time tracking app for their delivery drivers so you know exactly when they will arrive.  They will also move existing furniture in your house if necessary to accommodate your new purchase.  I was pleased with my experience here.  I would shop again,
1	Steinhafel's dirty diesel truck has been outside my window for at least 20 minutes with his engine running, blowing dirty diesel exhaust, using up oxygen from this planet earth, and burning dirty diesel fuel  that has come from the ground, god knows from where.  I have emphysema and any dirty air is bad for me.  It's also bad for our planet and the air we all breath.Other than this, I have never been impressed with Steinhafels
1	Terrible shopping experience!  My better half and I were looking at living room furniture at Steinhafel's and didn't find it, but we saw a couple nice occasional pillows we wanted to buy.  We asked a salesperson where the check-out counter was, and she steered us to a nearby kiosk. So far, so good.  She entered our purchase, and I wrote out a check to pay for it.  Over and done, right?  Ha.  I finished writing the check, and she said, "Oh, we don't take checks."  I was amazed, but she said they only take credit/debit cards or cash. We decided to pay cash (and I was thinking, "well, that's pretty customer-unfriendly,"), but it continued to go downhill from there.   She started asking for our address, phone number, etc. and I said,"We're going to pay cash."  She said, "I know, but I have to put you in the system."  What?? No choice, no "would you like to be in our system to expedite your next purchase here?" They HAVE to get you "in the system?"  What if we don't want to be in the system, we just want to pay for our stuff and go?  Had I been by myself, I would have left the pillows there and walked.  But my spouse, who is infinitely more patient than I am, gave her the information.  The saleswoman (who was very pleasant, just encumbered by a ridiculous system) entered all our information, which took way too long, told us an amount, and I counted out the exact dollar amount and change.  Then she informs us that we can't pay at the kiosk, we have to go to the front of the store to pay.  We all walk up front, and the woman working the counter is on the phone.  So we wait to hand her the money.  When she gets off the phone, she enters the info and gives us an amount slightly higher than what the saleswoman had said.  I was still holding what I thought was the exact amount, and she said,"Uncle Sam has to get paid." I replied, "I realize that, but why didn't the saleswoman either include that tax or at least let us know the amount she gave was minus tax?"  What a tedious, convoluted process to buy two pillows!  It took a good 15-20 minutes, when it should have taken less than 5.  I couldn't wait to get out of there and I don't plan on returning.
1	I have to say that i really feel lied to by the salesperson at steinhafels madison - i asked for same day delivery she said no - their website clearly says same day delivery - so im left waiting - they were supposed to call or email me about delivery of my very expensive mattress no call no email - what am i supposed to wait all day at my house for my delivery - the women also lied and told me each modal of mattress has a different name at various stores a fact that was just another used car salesman pitch - thus the same exact mattress was 400 dollars less down the street at A1 shame on you steihafels for ripping off a veteran who simply wanted to get a mattress that would help him not be in pain - buyer beware of this place i hope they are proud of themselves - my next step is to call corporate about this sales person.Another fine rip on american scammery brought to you by thehikerbox please keep reading my yelps as i aim to expose every scam or crap in madison that i canPeace!!!!!!!!!
1	About a week ago we spend over 2500 dollars at steinhafels and ordered more than 5 pieces of furniture two bar stools, a kitchen table with 6 chairs, an ottoman , and a nightstand. Today the night stand and the bar stools arrived both damaged. The nightstand had a chunk missing from the top back corner and the bar stools were both missing hardware to assemble them. When I called customer service to inquire about replacing the pieces, the service representative Mary Kay was extremely rude and curt. She told me that a service representative would be available the next day too provide the hardware on the bar stools. Then she refused to give me any sort of timeframe as to when the service man would be able to come by. Apparently their philosophy is that you have all day to sit around and wait for them to repair their shoddy furniture. Mary Kay didn't even ask me specifically how many pieces of hardware were missing from the bar stools so I am expecting the serviceman to come tomorrow without the hardware that he needs to remedy the issue; this is going to lead to more wasted time and we can all agree that time is the most valuable commodity we all have.
