5	I love heart (would live here) Target. This is my normal store that I go to. Always great smiling, friendly employees. The aisle and displays are set up well and not crowding the flow of traffic. I memorized that layout of this store, so I can go directly to the sections of the store I need to go. My hubby has prohibit me to wander, I buy every that had a sale sticker on it. =) The returns/exchanges are always painless.
4	My favorite Target store! Not just saying that because it's only a 5 minute drive from my house. It never gets too crowded and the aisles are always well kept and organized. I hate walking into a Target and finding the layout complicated and the isles messy. The staff here is always friendly and care about the appearance of the store. Even the customer service section is always quick and problem free. Love it!
5	I was here about a month ago looking for this George Foreman grill.  I could not find it on the shelf so I was told to go to Customer Service for a rain check because it was on sell.  Chris at Customer Service look at the ad and checked his hand held device.  He told me to wait a second.  3 mins later, he came back with one.  YEAH, CHRIS!!!!  Every time I am at this Target, someone always greets me or ask if I needed help.  Love this place!!!!
4	This Target is great, it's never super crowded, the staff is always friendly and it's always clean. They have a food section and it's usually where I do all my shopping. The selection however is limited. The prices are always higher then Walmart, but with a redcard it will even out most of the time.
4	Love this target. Never crowded, great location, always clean & huge selections. Also, Target's generic label "Up & Up" Brand is the best! Love the "Up & Up" laundry detergent versus Walmart's generic label of "Great Value" brand. There is a difference & Target wins each time.
3	This  location is always clean and their selection is pretty good. However, there is always a line and only 1-2 cashiers. I get it, the store doesn't really have too many customers  but it's still annoying.
3	We are usual customers in this Target branch.  Good customer service, clean store.  However, I was particularly disappointed yesterday when I slipped and fell due to spilled water in the baby department.  I asked for help from a male associate who was close by.  He never asked how I was, didn't offer to help at all.  He was more concerned about the lotion that fell on the floor and that he had to call his manager.  I asked for ice but he said he couldn't leave the place with spilled water.  Wow!  My left knee was bruised and in pain.  The manager, Jose, came and took care of everything.  He got me some ice and an incident report was written.  Although I wasn't expecting the associate to have basic First Aid knowledge, he could have, at least, shown more concern.
