3	The latest entry in The Hive is a pioneering effort, and to be congratulated for that.I grabbed a hot coffee to warm me through the galleries in this place February Third Friday evening. They roast their own coffee and sell bags of whole beans.A clean, well lighted place. I look forward to observing their evolution.
5	This place is great - the quintessential neighborhood coffee shop. I'm a sucker for the cold brew/toddy iced coffee that Astor House and Vovomeena have been churning out for a while, and Sam's stuff is just as good. Sam owns the place and couldn't be more welcoming - I just moved closeby, and I know this place will become part of my regular routine in the neighborhood. Drip coffee, cold brew, lots of regulars - pretty much everything I'm looking for in a coffee shop. More people should know about this place. If you live in Coronado and have to leave for work outside of the downtown area before Astor House opens at 10:30 on weekdays, this is your spot.
5	Stumbled into this place whilst visiting the Bees Knees, right across the way. Sam was kind enough to open BK's and was very accommodating since the owner was running behind, so I felt I owed it to him to drop in for coffee. The actual shop is small and cozy, but if you understand it in the larger context of the Hive, well, then it's even better. I happened to have a 3 year-old in tow, so that part wasn't fun, but Sam had a good sense of humor about the whole thing. The important part: the coffee. It was awesome. I had an espresso shot, and it was very smooth. I was a little bummed that it was out of the way, since I am from the east valley, but it turns out Sam also owns LoFi Coffee in downtown Mesa. Yeah for small business, yeah for good coffee, yeah for awesome Sam.
4	Cohabiting The Hive and Bee's Knees.  Opened November, 2012, Mud Dauber's here to provide that thought-quickening perk to your day.  A variety of coffee brews, teas caf and no-caf, baked treats on the best days, and local news.  21st century Phoenix personality.
4	Great Coffee! So glad it's in my neighborhood. I love being able to walk down the street and grab a good cup of coffee. Small place but nice employees.
5	Sam and Randy know their coffee, roast it themselves and then proceed to prepare it in a variety of ways that ensure you are getting the best product. Their espresso shots and drip (prepared per cup when ordered) don't require any sweetening, if you normally do that sorta thing.The location is the closest coffee shop to me so that's a big advantage, but I'm thankful it's also a quality product. I still prefer JoBot's toddy (cold brewed ice coffee), but Mud Dauber is a very close second. The crushed ice they use is perfect for it.Although the staff is very knowledgable of the coffee world, they won't be snobish if you're new to it. I've observed a number of times when the uninitiated come in and are treated with the same amount of respect that coffee nerds get. Something I can't say for places like Lux and Giant that make people feel stupid for ordering the "wrong" way.Perfect minimal coffee shop located in a very cool space: so grateful my hometown is getting funkier and more original every day.
5	Fuq! Why didn't I find this little gem sooner? I had the pleasure of meeting Sam today during my first visit, and he is so rad. The espresso is delicious as are the vibes. This is going to be my new regular spot for my morning fix.
4	Great coffee (they roast their own beans), great service, very knowledgeable barista. If you like rustic and great art you'll love this little spot. I am a Fan!
1	Awkward and crammed, you walk in but find only 4 chairs to sit in, 2 of the seats already taken, up front, at the bar. The people ahead of you order some small shot of coffee. You sit and wait 10 minutes until they leave because whomever is sitting at the bar is completely blocking you from the only barritsta in the 10x10 building. You order a chai tea iced late. It takes him 5 minutes to make one drink and its a pre-mixed concoction. You pay $10 out the door and its awful, the chai is just awful. Starbucks would have even been better. Totally dissatisfaction. Not worth the time, money, or awkwardness. Definitely a hipster hole. Just for looks.
4	Yes. It is a small cramped ghetto coffee bar. A dive, if you will. But the chai CAN NOT BE BEAT. The "barista" is far to busy making one cup of coffee at a time to even acknowledge anyone else's presence. So yes it will take longer than usual. If you have 10-15min to get a coffee just get your coffee to go and you probably won't regret it.
3	Standard fare for coffee. Limited weekend hours. Got a fifteen dollar red dress next door. Overall ho hum : )
4	Now under new ownership (since June). Good coffee. No baked goods and don't know if the beans are roasted locally. Beats Starbucks!
4	Stumbled across this place today and I came away very satisfied. It's not a coffee shop to hang out and chill out for hours on end, it's really more of a coffee closet. There's just enough elbow room to get in, get your delicious espresso, and get out.Barista was very friendly and made me a nice cortado. The taste of the coffee was above average, a tad more bitter than I usually like it, but the readily available raw sugar on the bar made a vast improvement. I'd say it's on par with Lux and a cut above Cartel.If you're an espresso addict like I am and are hankering for a good fix, Mud Dauber is a handy place to have in your vicinity.
