5	Boss brought in donuts for us and they were some of the best donuts I've ever had. The best was definitely the one with apple pie filling with a glaze and sprinkled cinnamon on top. It's out of my way to get for myself but I've got my fingers crossed the boss treats us again soon.
5	This is my favorite donut shop ever! They are fresh made every day and have a large selection. Haven't found anything better than these. Will be back....many times. :)
5	Finally awake early enough to try this place so I sent the old man out on this cloudy day to go fetch me some donuts. While he arrived after 10 which is really late on a Sat to get donuts duh he did come back w my goodies! They even took a tray of glazed donuts to the back to throw some maple on for the kid! That's going that extra mile if you ask me!! You know the donuts you get at Bashas or Albs that are more like wax tasting than anything? Well these are the opposite and I couldn't stop eating them!! Sooo good and I'm excited it's around the corner from me! Next time I go earlier so I can try them all! Two thumbs up!
5	This is the only place in town that starts making my coffee when I walk in, because they know me.I love that.It would be better if it were a gym knowing how I like my coffee... PS these doughnuts are the freshest and most yeasty flavored doughnuts you'll find on the west side.Say hi to may for me.  :)
5	I drive by here five times a week on my way to work! Since my hours changes during daylight savings. I can only stop here 6 months out of the year. The other 6 months they are still closed. I go to work at 5:00am!! Glad I was able to finally try K-May. When I first seen the reviews on yelp, I thought OK, something wrong here! All the reviews are five stars!!! Bring up the red flag, but I had to add another five stars! Walked in, they were just starting to bring out the donuts, had a apple fritter and a cinnamon roll! WOW! were the fresh, just melt in your mouth. Now no! I am not going to stop by here all the time, even though I would love to! I have been told that donuts are not good for me!! But yes, when I feel like I am going to take a chance! This is the place to go!
5	Melt-in-your-mouth, homemade donuts. Very fresh and a variety of choices. Small, locally owned and friendly. I'm hooked already.
5	If your ever in the Peoria area and your craving something sweet, stop by and get your fix. These donuts are one of the best besides rainbow donuts on 51ave & Thomas....it's heaven in your mouth, they're so so good that I bought the two donut deal and I said to myself " ok I'm gonna take one to my co- worker, and on my way to wrk I just couldn't hold back so I ate my co-workers donut" ....I know, I know......I'm so so bad....but it was so scrumptious!!! Next time i'll get a dozen...oh and try to pay cash because there's a 50 cent charge on debit or credit cards...so the only drawback is that they didn't tell me and I could've got another donut because i actually had cash on me that day...and I think you need to warn customers about their fees...so it got me a little mad...but it still gets 5 stars cause they're scrumptious : ).
4	May not look pretty on the outside but it's going delicious donuts on the inside.This locations a little bit old but has excellent donuts, not very pretty on the outside and it is on grand Avenue right next to the new Good Well that's almost ready to open stop  away from to work or on your way home The donuts are delicious. yummy
4	Looks like just close now for the rest today. I missed them.I wanted some pumpkin donuts, but it's close for the dayMay not look pretty on the outside but it's going delicious donuts on the insideIf you catch him when their open chances are you'll get a nice warm donut and always take the time to get you the donut you choose.
5	Place looks a little rough but don't let that stop you from trying it out. Friendly people too. Donuts are delicious
4	Just a little update I forgot to add that the building may be old and dated but the place is the incredibly clean you can eat off this floor anywhere in the people are so nice check it out.
5	This place is awesome! The couple that run this place know how to make a masterpiece out of a simple donut. And that's just it. Simply great.  Be sure to get there early and try one of the large apple fritters.  That is what they are famous for. Melt in your mouth amazing!
3	We came here about 2 weeks ago because of all the reviews, the place is DEF shabby looking & it felt pretty dirty. We ordered an apple fritter & original glazed...OMG best donuts ever! The fritter just melted in your mouth & the glazed donut was so fluffy! My husband went here yesterday to pick up the same ones again & I noticed a hair coming out of the inside of my fritter. UGH! I was so bummed because I was craving an apple fritter so bad.  I know stuff like that happens but it's really hard to want to come back, even though these donuts ROCK! :( 5 stars for the donuts, -2 for the hair.
5	First impression of the place it was very old but don't let that stop you the donuts are Delicious and the people are super friendly they had a great selection of donuts and they make you feel welcome
5	Best donuts around! I make the trip from Surprise whenever I can. I tell my wife I'd be willing to do a summer internship for the recipe to the yeast raised sugar donuts :-) Seriously if you are ever thinking about retirement make sure that you entrust the recipe to someone who will carry on the tradition.
