4	I have gone to Gino's for years. He does a great cut. It's an old fashion barbershop including men's magazines.
4	Oh Gino's.  I've been going to Gino since 2004, and while I've tried on a few occasions to try new places, I always end up going back.  He's one of the few barbers and hairstylists I know that knows how to cut Asian hair without it getting unruly and poofy.  He's also incredibly funny and personable.  One word of warning - one of my female friends went here for a haircut once and she ended up hating it.  I'm guessing the reason for this is largely because Gino doesn't cut women's hair very often.
4	Gino cuts a good head of hair to be sure.  Here's the rundown+ Classic old school barber, straight razor shave available- Price is a bit more than I was used to: $24 for a haircut= Call ahead! It says walk-ins welcome but he's a popular guy and books up fast on the weekends.
5	Gino is a great barber- he is on the pricey side but he has very steep rent and a landlord who could care less about small businesses thriving in Squirrel Hill.  I have never had a bad haircut here and he always washes your hair- I guess when I add in the wash he is not that expensive.
4	Great haircut!I lived in Squirrel hill so I was just walking by Gino's and decided to get a haircut there. I walked in and Gino asked me one question - "Shorter?" I said, "yup," and he took it from there. It turned out PERFECT. The only problem with this place is that he charges a lot...about $24 for a haircut, but he needs to make some money somehow. The price didn't stop me from going back because he always did a great job and I didn't want those people at Fantastic Sams or Great Clips to screw up my haircut again.
5	Gino is a great hair stylist.  Really never had a better haircut in living memory. Very fast, perfect contours, will last almost forever without losing it's shape--so it's actually cheaper than some suggest. But I think the price is a steal. Find a cheaper place one tenth as good and I'll follow you there--and pay for you haircut too!  In short:  it doesn't get better than this. It 'feels' like a barber shop, but provide quality that only the best of the best salons could even come close to.
