3	My father and his friends went to this restaurant for their weekly Sunday brunch. The restaurant was easy to find from the highway. The border between Dorval and Lachine, next to the private school queen of angels.  The staff was professional and courteous.  Always refilling my coffee.  The waiter refilled it about  8 times.The order was long and the waiter was very patient with us, we frequently changed our orders. I ordered 2 poached eggs with Swiss cheese and a bagel.  That appeared to be the healthiest item on the menu. It was okay but next time I would just get a fruit salad. Also, the breakfast comes with a complimentary fruit salad. Being with a bunch of Desi men, they obviously brought their coupons to the restaurant and the meal was even cheaper than expected. The owner came and checked up on us, to see how was our experience, if everything was satisfactory. The people at the restaurant are majority  retirees and people with grandkids.  I would come again, just for the coffee and service, it appears to be a good place to read a book and go for a walk along the canal afterwards.
3	Barbie's is a friendly place. I was there on Sunday morning waiting to meet my friends for brunch.  I was early and the staff sat me immediately and plied me with coffee until everyone arrived 40 minutes later.  Once there, I ordered the Onion Soup Gratinee, Fresh Fruit Crepe, and side of Poutine.  The soup was very good with rich beef broth flavor, crusty bread and stringy melted Gruyere dripping over the sides of the crock.  The Crepe was large and light, with a good quantity of cut up fresh melon, cantelope, blueberry, strawberry, and banana. It came with an English Sweet Cream on the side for pouring or dipping. It was quite good.  The sole downer was the Poutine, which was laden with Brown Gravy and Cheese, but too salty for my taste. I could not eat much of it. I think this is more of a local's resto with decent, but not better, food, and a place where everybody knows your name.
4	Smoked meat sandwich was really good, fries were just right and the Rickards Dark was a good addition.  The entire staff was friendly and helpful, even to these couple of English speakers!
1	Terrible food. Food all seems like it was from a box and cooked from frozer. But thank goodness there was free popcorn to fill us up. Possibly the freshest thing in the place.
