5	Really good pizza and they do a ton of local fundraisers with the schools, so what's not to like about that?  I really enjoy their wings too!  A favorite of mine is the BBQ chicken pizza.  A must!  So as far as chain places go, this one is by far, and i mean BY FAR the best!
5	Had the barros special pizza and it was perfect! The sauce, fresh mozzarella cheese, and toppings were bomb!  Green peppers were so fresh and cooked perfectly.
2	I got to say the pizza here is not bad, but just for me not great. So many places claim to be Chicago style pizza. I lived in Chicago for over 20 years. This doesent come close. It still might be worth trying though
2	My husband and I came here for lunch and this place was completely dead. Our large pepperoni pizza came out very quickly and our server was nice. The pizza was so, so but the price was right. We had difficulty finding a clean place to sit and the atmosphere in the restaurant was very stale. There was no music and no volume on the television. I would probably go back but I won't be dining in the restaurant.
5	I don't normally eat pizza since being on my new life diet but had two slices at Barro's last week and was really impressed. This is NOT your normal dry, icky slice of overcooked pizza folks! The crust was just right and the toppings were fresh and superb! YUM. Well worth the drive to CopperBasin. Not to mention the decor and the booths make you relax and want to have fun.
4	Always great pizza. The ham and pineapple is really good. Friendly an courteous staff. A family favorite
5	My favorite place to have lunch! The pizza is amazing
5	Good pizza and good wings. Gluten free pizza is surprisingly good! I like the staff and the service. Good is awesome!
5	I can't say enough about this place. The food is really good. I think they have the best pizza in Pinal County hands down! They went above and beyond for my son's birthday last year. They made sure we had enough tables and seating for our rather large party and were on top of the food and drink orders. Their staff is top notch! Great pizza and wings along with big cold beers and topped off with great servers who have even better attitudes. Love this place!
5	Good pizza and really good meatball sandwiches! This place is so much better than some others such as Valentino's where the pizza is awful!!
5	Barro's pizza is super good. I go to Barro's almost once everyday and get their Honey BBQ traditional wings. I would highly recommend it. The chicken that's used is really good the sauce is divine. I love Buffalo Wild Wings but for the price and the size of the wings I recommend Barro's. Plus the waiters and waitresses have been SUPER awesome! Great customer service there is a reason I keep coming back and giving them my business.
5	We live off Ironwood So we order delivery from this one but haven't eaten inside in awhile because usually we are out near the location on Power and Queen Creek rd. But I have to say I like this one much better!! It's bigger and less crowded. There are more tables near the play area and I like that the video games are in the back too.Food is always great!! Whenever we have guests in town we order Barro's and they all compliment the pizza. The place is clean. Service is great too!!
4	We order from these guys at least once a week. For sure the best pizza in San Tan Valley. Food is great 95% of the time, but deliveries constantly run over an hour which kinda sucks because the food gets cold, but it sure beats the other "fast food style"pizza joints around here.One thing I wish they could improve is no matter what time of day you call they ALWAYS put you on hold, sometimes over 5 minutes.Other than that, always a good experience.
5	we love the food and people here. Sundays they have NFL on every TV. the kids like the games more then us!
5	This very well may be the best pizza in San Tan Valley.  Always fresh, hot and the cheese is stretchy like it should be!  Gluten free crusts too.  Everything I have had here from the appetizers to the sandwiches have been awesome and are always ready within 15-20 minutes (I order when I know they aren't busy). Friendly staff, clean restaurant and awesome food. Highly recommended.
4	Good pizza. Good service. Will go back again. Haven't tried everything yet, but will next time. Clean and courteous service.
