5	Anyone who knows me knows I'm a big fan of new Dim Sum places in Waterloo Region.  That's what got me so excited about Hot Wheels.For the uninitiated: what is Dim Sum?  Dim Sum is a traditional Chinese brunch that consists entirely of appetizer-like dishes. Portions tend to be bite-sized and made easy for eating with chopsticks.Yes, it's a strange name, but Hot Wheels is a new Chinese restaurant on Victoria near Lancaster (at the site of the former Cleopatra Bar and Grill).  The place just recently opened, but I've got to say I've been impressed with what I have seen so far.  I went for lunch today and although the decor isn't much to look at, the food fails to disappoint.A quick perusal of the menu (and even the sign out front of the restaurant) shows a great number of spelling and grammatical errors - and surely English is not the first language of the people who own and run this place, but surely I couldn't fault them for that, I am sure they know more English than I do Chinese!  Ordering for Dim Sum is quick and easy, you place your order on the sheet.On to the food, which was a delight... Pot stickers to start were cooked perfectly with just a crispy golden brown on the bottom (hence the name, of course).  Shrimp Rice Noodle Roll (Cheung Fun) had great texture and taste, as well as plenty of shrimp.  The perennial Dim Sum favourites of Har Gow (Crystal Shrimp Dumpling) and Siu Mai (Pork and Shrimp Dumpling) were well executed in the standard Cantonese style.  I also ordered the Spare Ribs with Black Bean sauce, which led to my only complaint on the food: it seems that in their quest to give you more pork meat, the pieces of the spare ribs that had lots of little bones, which made it somewhat difficult to eat.These five dishes with a pot of Chinese tea and taxes came to under $20!For those looking for a more western-style Chinese food experience, there is also the standard dishes combination dishes available and a daily lunch special as well.  I look forward to having more meals at Hot Wheels, and will have ot come back for the Dim Sum...
3	This place is along the lines of crystal palace before new owners too over.  The dim sum is mediocre at best.  It's far behind Cameron in terms of taste.  Everything was ok.  Couldn't find actual problems with the food (like undercooking or wrong spices ).  I don't see a reason to come here from Waterloo when Cameron is the same distance.
2	I agree with shane k. This place is nothing special. And their dim sum is alright. My boyfriend ordered the lemon chicken lunch special and I ordered some dim sum. His order came out pretty quick, however, I had to wait about 15 minutes for some of my dim sum to arrive. He was practically done eating by that point.
4	Great Dim Sum & REAL Chinese Food in KW!Traditional Cantonese - Hong Kong Style dim sum, reminiscences famous Dim Sum Restaurant group MAXIM in Hong Kong. Dim Sum is cooked to order unlike most restaurants, so it's a little wait, but well worth the extra few minutes for freshly steamed/cooked dim sum.Dishes to try are:- Pork Siu Mai (Steamed Pork in Thin Dumpling Skin)- Beef Ball w/ Bean Curd Sheet- Spare Ribs- Curry Baby Squid- Steamed Custard Bun (fluffy, flavorful and soft bun!)- Sticky Rice in Lotus Leaf- Fried Tofu (Bean Curd) w/ Minced Shrimp- & my favorite: Deep Fried Crab Claw!Try it out if you're in the area. Haven't tried many a la carte dinner items, but the few I tried are good. Service is friendly and attentive.
3	They have renamed themselves "Sam's Chinese Kitchen".  So we went there today and had the Dim Sum.  The regular menu items are pricey - more expensive than we are used to paying for the identical dishes at the Kingtin... which is why we settled for Dim Sum.  Ditto on the Dim sum.  They are all more expensive.  $26.75 for 2 people including a single serving hot and sour soup and I left still hungry. We waited a very long time for the food to arrive, even though there were only two other tables while we were there.  We waited so long that when one of the dishes was not available (which we waited 20 minutes to find out) I was unwilling to order a replacement and wait another 20 minutes.  Quality of food - pretty good. Tasty, freshly steamed, the Har Gow are plump and nice, the sticky rice with sausage was tasty, the chicken (and yam) spring rolls were quite good, and not greasy, the service was friendly.  The restaurant is fresh and clean and looks like it has been recently redecorated.  Because the same dishes are available elsewhere for a lesser cost, we will not be returning.  I would almost suspect they copied the Kingtin menu dish for dish.  The hot and sour soup is identical.  The Dim Sum is now available all day, and of course all the restaurants buy their dim sum items, so these too are pretty much the same as everywhere else with a few exceptions.  There is much less variety than you find served at the Kingtin on the weekends.  Example - 6 shrimp rolls at the Kingtin, from the menu $5.00.  Three shrimp rolls at Sam's $4.50 and pan fried dumplings are 8 for $10.50.  Ouch. We buy these dumplings frozen, 24 for about 3.49 at the supermarket.
1	DO NOT EAT HERE! If you want to sit down and have 4 tables served before you then you should. They cater to the Asian crowd much more than any other. I sat at a table today and waited for 15 minutes without getting a menu, drink, or any attention whatsoever. There are so many places out there better than this. Go to Cameron Seafood instead. They have attentive servers and the food is amazing.
