4	This was my default Waffle House.  If I think really hard I can still imagine the grease in my pores.  Mmmmmm....  Grease.....I took my grease in the form of butter.  I like their breakfasts quite a bit.  And at the time of night/early morning we used to go, it seemed the most appropriate meal.  Their waffles are really quite good. They may not be Lo Lo's good, but they are darn fine for this kind of a place.  Better than expected.  Don't expect anything fancy, just basic stuff that was most likely all on the menu back when the place opened in 1955. (Not this location, but the company.)My friend wanted a deeper more generous portion of grease.  Every time we came, he'd get one waffle, and a patty melt.  Every time.  And he was still thin after doing this for years.  Yea, we hated him just a little bit.  But I will say, I tried them a few times and OH my goodness they were good.  Now sure, maybe these memories were tainted by the fact that I don't think we ever went there before midnight, and it was often after 2am.  But really, I think that just enhanced it because I remember the places we got bad food at that hour OH so clearly.  Don't come looking for health food.  But if you've got an open mind, and no dietary limitations, Waffle House can definitely show you a good time.PS - Did I mention it's cheap?
4	Waffle House oh Waffle House, you are the redheaded step child of Ihop; Denny's barefoot, pig chasin' cousin from Alabama; but by golly, if you aren't there every drunken 2 AM. with your arms wide open and a plate full of waffles on the table! You're a steadfast friend, tired and true. You don't have a morning and night menu with increased prices, no! Your prices are the same no matter what time of day it is, and hell, you keep the menus on the table, and that's what I like. By the time the waitress comes around I've already decided what I want, how my eggs should be cooked and what I'm having to drink. You even have Senora Jackie's Casa de Waffle Picante Sauce, and that's what really matters.
5	Don't go to WH and expect 5* service, it's a DIVE DINER. You'll get "how ya' doin' hon", possible dirty table, people yelling across the place, sub-par water but again....it's a DIVE DINER! This is the same chain where Kid Rock got into a fist fight with another patron if that doesn't spell it out for you. This location was my first WH and the only one in Phoenix back in the day. You can imagine my squeals of delight when driving through Georgia, I saw a WH on every corner! Almost made me want to move there. Almost.This is one of those places that I love sober, it's that good. There's something about those cheese 'n eggs that screams illegal. Many have tried but nobody can replicate that taste or that texture with those eggs. Unadulterated heaven on a plate!Trust me my friend, get the cheese 'n eggs, hashbrowns covered and raisin toast (don't skimp on the apple butter). I don't do grits so I sub the grits for the hashies. Every once in a while, I walk on the wild side and get a waffle too. It IS the WAFFLE House afterall. I'm kinda glad we don't have these in San Diego because I'd probably weigh 1000lbs or be in the cardiac intensive care. Definitely my favorite breakfast. Or breakfast for dinner. Or 2am breakfast for drunkards.
3	Exceptional service for a dive chain. I love getting my hashbrowns topped and chunked (onions and ham). The bacon, egg and cheese melt was delicious and cheap. So worth the stop.
3	comforting in the midst of quiteness!!!
4	I think I like this waffle house location less than the one on N 59th and the 1-10, though this one is slightly less ghetto. This location is usually pretty busy, but good thing is that the service is pretty fast and the food quality is still good. I would advise not sitting by the bar where the sink is. If someone is having a bad day, they might splash a lot of soapy water near your food! The servers are nice and they make the food relatively quickly considering how many people come in and out in an hour's time. It's cheap, good eats and fun to go to once in awhile for breakfast/brunch.
4	Went here this morning around 10 am. There was like a 20 minute wait, but no biggie. Service was fast, orders were fresh and correct, and place was clean. It is the Waffle House, not a fancy joint. So for what it is, it was good. Plus the staff are all very easy going and create a fun lively atmosphere. Good for a casual breakfast.
4	Great location to soak up some drink before you go home to pass out. The staff can be nice or rude depending on you. (I prefer rude) The food is good, nothing pretentious or assuming. You get what they give you and you eat it. I don't think I would bring Mom for Sunday Breakfast but for a quick bite, it hits the spot. Better then Denny's unless you want your Superbird or French Toast. The waitress was even nice enough to call a cab for us.
3	It was a fun experience, but the coffee and food were not great. This is not fancy, just plain diner food. The servers were really a lot of fun and the experience overall was ok.
5	This is what I've come to expect from Waffle House. Great food with excellent customer service. My new home store since the one two blocks from my house is run by a cranky, sarcastic non-clean district manager (Kyle I was told is his name)
3	Late night craving for breakfast.Ordered: scrambled eggs, bacon, hash browns and wheat toast. Bacon was on the burnt side as well as the hash browns.Bf had: waffle, bacon, sausages and hash browns. He really enjoyed the waffle.
1	Shit was gross I ordered chopped steak and they brought me fuckn hamburger meat..I Know wut chopped steak taste like biitches..ill Neva go back food was wack..my wife ordered strawberry waffles expecting strawberries on the wafflelz..nope!! They frozen waffles..I'm so pissed I had to leave there and go to McDonald's.
1	HORRIBLE!!!!!! My husband and I wanted some good breakfast there were some mixed reviews on this place, so we decided to try it... I sat down and ordered the Strawberry Waffle and bacon, my husband ordered the chopped Steak and eggs... My SO-Called strawberry waffle came with NO strawberries and the bacon was thin as paper. I asked where my strawberries were to put on the top of my waffle and she said they were inside my waffle... MY WAFFLE LOOKED LIKE A BIG STRAWBERRY EGGO BUT FLATTER THAN A PANCAKE. To top it off my Husband got his SO-called chop steak and eggs...LMAO they brought him a fried HAMBURGER Patty dripping in grease! Sent it back, left and went to mcdonalds.... WAFFLE HOUSE MY ASS!!!!!!!!!!
3	The only reason I went to Waffle Hizzy was to do something about my utter boredom while waiting at a nearby dealership. Plus, I wouldn't have to worry about eating afterwards. We were greeted by the Waffle House staff and immediately served coffee and water. I forgot our waitress name but she was a middle age black woman with purple hair. She was full of anecdotes and comic zest. Reminded me a bit of Wanda Sykes. There was a familiar feeling with her as she could have been a family friend that'd been over drinking and having a good time. Anywhoo, the reason I described the Wanda-like because I really wasn't coming in for the food. It was nice to have a waitress offer some humor and really take the time to just chit chat with you. She asked me if I wanted "black people's bacon or "white people's bacon?" No not offended at all. Life is too short. I ordered the black people's bacon (aka crispy) and enjoyed my coffee, bacon, grits, eggs and I think that's it. Go in and say hi and she'll put a smile on your face. Didn't think Waffle House could cost me a la cart over 13 bucks but usually when I go I'm drunk. LOL.
3	Went at 3am on a weeknight.  Clean, quick, friendly and good food.  I'll go back.
5	Last Christmas Eve my wife and I were staying in a nearby hotel. We had our dog with us so we needed to find a takeout place that was open during the holidays and Waffle House fit the bill. The service was so prompt and friendly and the food went so well with our hotel room screening of Die Hard 2 (a solid sequel, though a little limiting to Bonnie Bedelia's character), that we just had to do it again the next year. Once again I was met with excellent service. While waiting for my order, every single member of the staff (not just wait staff, cooks too) checked to make sure I had been helped. I imagine there were a lot places they would rather have been late at night on Dec. 24, but everyone working was laughing, joking, and making merry. I ordered a breakfast wrap with eggs, cheese, and hashbrowns. It was hefty, tasty and kept me nice and warm while my wife and dog and I checked out Die Hard With a Vengeance (not overtly Christmassy though still fun - but where is Bonnie Bedelia?!)The day after Christmas this year we went back to Waffle House to meet some relatives for breakfast. The place was packed but they handled it quite well. One staffer was stationed at the door to direct customer traffic and wish everyone well. Our family was opening a lot of Christmas presents, and our server offered to collect the used wrapping paper to save space. Awesome!A sign in the restaurant said this franchise was called JD's Wild West Waffles. If Phoenix is where you keep your homestead, or if you're rambling through like me, stop in and enjoy a hot meal and the feeling of being welcome.
5	Waffle House at this location is as good as it gets !Great food.  Fun staff.  Weird clientele.However, we are all there for one thing and that is to eat great food at a great price.  My favorite meal is the two pork chops and eggs which includes hasbrowns and  toast all for about $7.Its a cool place to hang out as well.  Their dessert pies are super cheap too.  $1.50 are you kidding me ?
2	Went here once a few months ago and the 'vibe' was weird to say the least. There was a hell of a LOT of drama between the employees, etc. Note this was in the late morning. The only reason I even give it 2 stars is because our waitress was decent, a 'good ol' gal' Black lady.
3	Since moving, this seems to be the closest Waffle House to me and I've eaten here a few times already.  Place is just like all the other waffle houses in regards to menu and size, but let me tell you, this is probably one of the weirdest groups of clientele I have experienced at a Waffle House yet.I've eaten at a few different Waffle Houses in the Valley and one would think that eating close to ASU's campus would bring in the college weirdos and a crazy mix of people. Surprisingly enough, its THIS waffle house has the crazy people mix! weird, huh? That's what I thought.This time around I went yesterday morning with a friend whom I treated to breakfast after helping me out doing some heavy lifting in the apartment.  We scooted up to the waffle house to grab a quick bite to eat and even he noticed how random the people were here.  For starters, our waitress was a little koo koo.  We said something to her and she went into some random speech that neither one of us could understand. We tried to figure out what she was saying, but neither one of us could figure it out.  We had a good laugh about it later, but while she was rambling we just kind of smiled and nodded our heads.Other notable people at this restaurant while we were there: young cute douche-bag sitting at the counter alone looking depressed eating his breakfast with his earphones in jamming to music.  Two old yuppie biker dudes who came in and were trying to pass as hardened bikers, but were clearly NOT.  (that roused a good laugh between said friend and I.  They were driving sissy dirt bikes, but dressing like Hells Angels, despite the fact that they were totally married church guys with wives at home who probably bossed them around a lot.)  Crazy waitress listed above who rambled incoherently, a few families and other people as well.Definitely go here for the people viewing alone, and you can enjoy your standard issue waffle house breakfast like we did yesterday!
3	1.30 am and I'm looking for breakfast.  Motored on up to Waffle House.  Delighted to see they are all wearing Santa hats.  Great service.  Great food.  Unfortunately 2 drugged out guys were trying to start trouble but the staff handled it very professionally.  Time to leave and I didn't want to run into the druggies if they were still outside.  Staff said they would walk me to my car but instead a really nice gentlemen picking up his to go order offered instead.  Kudos to good people.
1	I see others here have called Waffle House a "dive diner." Guess I should have checked reviews before going, because that's a pretty good description. I took my 84-year-old mother who said she always wanted to eat there. The food was tasty, at a good price, but the restaurant was dirty. The syrup dispenser was covered with sticky drips, as if it had been used and refilled many many times without being cleaned, and the table wasn't much better. We chose a table on the "kitchen" side of the restaurant, rather than by the window. Big mistake. The waitress stood by our table and talked and talked (and talked) I don't mind friendly service, but this was so over the top that my mother and I couldn't talk to each other. Next time we want waffles, we'll go somewhere else.
1	I decided to go to the Waffle House while my car was being serviced across the street. I was by myself and was promptly told I "had" to sit at the counter because I was alone. I promptly left because sitting elbow to elbow while trying to eat didn't sound appealing. End up with a power bar and lemonaid from the gas station next door. Not a good job on your part guys!!
5	Great Place, Even greater staff!!! They were wonderful! The food was delish and cheap! Oh, get a piece of pie too, they are only $1.40... SO WORTH IT!!!!!
4	Anyone that hasnt been to a Waffle House before may find this kind of place a little different for them. But its a good different!  Its a tiny little building that is always crowded on the weekends. The food....its your basic diner fare, except that its awesome! You dont get the typical greasy egg and hashbrowns here, no sir! They do it like you would do at home. Just good, fresh, made-right food at impeccable prices. The staff is ALWAYS friendly even if they may seem a little too personable to you sensitive types who believe that all servers should treat you like they are your butler. Personally, I love the friendly personal chatty atmosphere :)
4	Want diner food with friendly staff and fun people watching? Waffle House is where it's at! Yes, the food is typical diner food - i.e. a little grease, a little butter, a lot o' calories and tasty!  Just plan a day of walking around or heading on over to the gym and you'll be golden.  There was a bit of a wait to get seated here, but they had a list and moved through cleaning up tables and getting people seated in a quick and efficient manner. Once it was our turn we were seated at the counter where our waitress, Mama Jude (highly doubt that's her real name, but it doesn't really matter does it?), was amazingly friendly, joked around with us and made sure we were well cared for from start to finish. We both had the All Star platter.  I opted for cheese in my grits, a chocolate chip waffle, eggs over easy and sausage patties.  He opted for cheese in his grits and eggs, a plain waffle, scrambled eggs and ham. Everything was cooked exactly as ordered and tasted great.  Yes, we walked around the rest of the day to work it off, but it was worth it!Overall: AWalk in knowing that you are getting diner food made on a grill and you'll be good to go!  Ask for Mama Jude!
4	Delicious diner food! If you order the All-Star meal ask them wait to make your waffle until you're ready for it, that way it's hot and fresh!Bring a jacket it's Antarctica in here!
3	Our server was extremely nice food was good, we  had ordered the waffle combo $7.90 and a sandwich $2.00 .. which is not bad considering we were kinda just looking for some food to grub on after drinks.One thing I didn't like was that  we had two different solicitors ask us for money which is kinda not good for business if you ask me. Great place to eat just bad location thanks though waffle house !
4	Not gonna lie, we love Waffle House.  This location is typical for a WH, old and dirty, but that somehow doesn't detract from it.  There was a wait to be seated, also normal in our experience at several WHs.  We stopped in for breakfast, and had Mama Jude as our server.  She was awesome, and funny as well.  She took our orders quickly, kept our drinks full, and brought the food out hot and fresh.  We both got our usual All Star Platter, and added cheese to the grits.  I love the customizability of the menu items (cheese, chocolate chips, etc).  It was greasy and delicious as always, and as is expected at a diner style restaurant like that!And seriously, you can't beat the people watching.
4	This was my first time ever in a Waffle House. I never had the urge to come here. My husband said "we should try it out, everyone says it's good"... I gave in and I'm glad I did!!! I loved that they cook in front of you. We went on a Busy Sunday. The wait was only 10 min. And they served me coffee (which was great) while waiting. All the servers had wonderful attitudes. They were funny and very accommodating.  Yes it was small and they could work a little more on the floor cleaning,  but it's a dated location. The tables, chairs and booths were clean. The food on the other hand was FANTASTIC!  My husband and I orders the country ham with eggs!!! The slice of ham was the size of the plate! The waffles taste like cake with syrup! I was in a breakfast heaven lol .. We will definitely come back for breakfast! !!
2	Never eat here, ever. My friends and I are scarred for life and we from now on will stick to safe late night breakfast places. Our server was crazy, legitimately insane. She rambled on and on and on and immediately started picking on my friend who was clumsy and spilled a drink. So we cleaned up the mess because it was our fault, the server brings her another drink but this time it was in a to go cup and she says to my friend "You better not spill this one or I'll have to cut you." And while she was saying this she pulls out her pink knife and clicks it open. What do we do in a situation where my best friends life is threatened? We laugh trying to diffuse the situation and make the crazy lady go away. She did after 10 minutes  of discussing how she hated her Hispanic lazy sister in law. After she leaves my other now silent friend whispers to me don't order anything that could harm you. I asked her why and she said simply "I saw a bug." Great. Cockroaches are now added to our horrible experience. We all got a singular waffle and ate very quickly after that. We left as fast as we could. As soon as I got home I took a very long hot shower and changed into clean non Waffle House smelly clothes. Thankfully I didn't get sick but I will never again set foot inside that establishment. Ugh.
5	Okay so I typically wouldn't review a waffle house (or denny's and chains like this) but I simply want to thank (I believe her name was Shelley sorry if it is wrong) for the outstanding Customer Service I received.  Was here a few days ago after working a 14 hour graveyard shift and locking myself out of my vehicle, I came here with my nephew to repay him for driving way over from the west valley to bring me another key to open my vehicle.  Well, being exhausted and feeling like a zombie I parked in front of WH and as I closed my door I realized I left my door key inside locking myself out yet a second time!!!  So naturally, YES I became upset and caused a bit of a SCENE, and everyone inside began to stare at me.  (hahaha only at WAFFLE HOUSE right)After failing to get into the vehicle on a hot day I walked in and right away was greeted in a nice manner by the waitresses.  I told them what had just happened as I made my order for a blueberry and pecan waffle (which is of course amazing).  When I asked for sweet tea I was given 2 tall glasses (they knew I was THIRSTY).  I simply appreciated that they were understanding and sympathetic when they did not need to be.  Shelley also allowed me to wait and leave my vehicle (my wife returned later with another key) behind.  I am grateful there are still kind people out there who provide great CUSTOMER SERVICE!
2	Too many tweekers.Outside panhandling & inside hanging out.Grilled chicken was tasty, & service was OK though.
5	We were greeted at the door by a young lady letting me know it would be a 20 min wait for a booth.  The place is a bit small and looks like it may fit about 100?Once inside Angel greeted us with our menus. Food came to us QUICK!! We had:Peanut butter waffle - it's peanut butter chips melted on waffles. yum!!Plain waffle - butter n maple syrup soooo good!Texas eggs and bacon sandwich was deliciousScrambled eggs - plain varietyEggs over medium - PERFECTLY MADE!! Grits - kinda clumpyHashbrowns - processed, but none the less fineCoffee - great cup of cafe JavaAngel is an awesome server, though the cashier mentioned she from another House... Just helping out here as most of their crew is in Vegas for a wedding.  They need to snatch Angel up! She was super busy but still kept up with checking in on us.   Everyone there is so friendly!I literally walked out with a smile from the great experience.  Talk about starting the morning off right! :)
5	Absolutely wonderful place they are having a Christmas party for their employees and employees gawker children and Santa Claus is here. What more could a person ask for this is absolute Nirvana.
5	We went here for breakfast yesterday. My wife had an omelet and it tasted so fluffy and fresh, along with some great tasting biscuits & gravy. I had very crispy hash browns smothered & covered, (grilled onions and cheese), bacon and a biscuit. What a GREAT breakfast. I never saw the bottom of my coffee cup. We need to start coming here more often!
