3	Conveniently located near Highway-95, this Panda Express doesn't stray far away from the others.  The best part about this particular PE is that it has a drive-thru open until 10pm.  Try to sneak in a minute past that, and they won't answer; not even to tell you they're closed. *shoulder shrugs* I drive past this specific one on my way home from Church on Thursday nights and I almost always get a craving for it.Big meal choice: Noodles, Mandarin Chicken, Honey Walnut Shrimp, and Crispy Beef PLUS Cheese Rangoons ;xSmall meal choice: Panda bowl with Honey Walnut Shrimp.Not the best Chinese food in town, but then again, Chinese food has always felt and tasted so greasy to me. When I'm up for a cheat night for some Chinese, PE is my go-to. I'll come back when I feel like throwin down the calories on a late night tip!
3	It's Panda Express, starch, some kind of dead thing, sauce, possibly a vegetable mixed in. This one is no better or worse than any other.
1	I have reservations about dirty tables and floors and food that is not at the proper temperature and this Panda Express had all those characteristics when I visited.
4	when I'm in the mood for fake Chinese food this is the place to go.  Unfortunately they no longer serve pork so the char siu is no longer on the menu.  So disappointed about that.  i'm not sure why they no longer sell it because the employees don't seem to know themselves.  I do love the fact they offer free samples so you can see if you will like it before you order it.  I do wish the prices was a little cheaper but you can get 2 meals out of a 2 item combo.  Other than the no park, they seem to have good customer service and are very friendly which is a plus.
4	Another good meal at Panda Express.  The foods always fresh and this particular location is never very crowded.  Now, if we could find similar food at a similar price but served on real plates with real silverware, that would be great.  But, for a decent different-from-the-usual lunch, this place is great.
5	After an AWFUL experience eating at Teriyaki Madness (BTW is directly across the street from Panda), I decided to once again go eat at Panda Express. I am glad I did, the portions are huge, the food is always hot and customer service is superior. I will never eat at Teriyaki Madness again, the name BTW is fitting because the owner DEAN at TM is off his rocker! Thank you Panda for always providing us with quality and quantity!
4	The Shiitake chicken is pretty good. Will order again. The location has good service.
