3	I'll be honest. I'm not a fan of  the Indie and Punk Rock music genres.  Even so, with the Clash bellowing out amidst my wander round this student friendly record shop (10% discount) I found a few tempting bargains and alternative hits. Located smack bang in the middle of the Royal Mile I've spotted many tourists dribbling in and out of its doors with a stack of CD's, so Unknown pleasures must be doing something right.
5	Not being a mushroom munching Pink Floyd fan, the name Unknown Pleasures meant nothing to me, and sounded more like a seedy back street brothel than a secondhand record store to be honest, but passing by on my lunch break today I was glad to see it here.Considering Edinburgh is fairly poor in terms of it's live music scene and gig venues, it seems odd that in my experience it's actually the best city in Scotland in terms of actual record shops, and Unknown Pleasures further backs this up. Hundreds upon hundreds of LPs and vinyl 12"s, including a fantastic old skool hip hop section and even some early 90s dance music which will no doubt become quite cool again in a couple of years. It all looked in fantastic condition as wellThe staff know their stuff, and as a bonus there's also a wall of secondhand DVDs at Amazon-busting prices.
4	Another shop that lives up to its name.  Unknown Pleasures is a rare records shop located on the Royal Mile.  In the past, I'd tended to stay away from these small shops, and have only recently begun visiting them.Browsing through the stacks of CDs, I discovered that I hadn't heard of most of the bands on offer.  So they were definitely Unknown to me.  Whether they were Pleasures or not, I don't know.  I always prefer to check out a band on Spotify or Napster before buying an artist I've never experienced before.Apart from CDs, there is a good load of vinyl, as well as posters and t shirts also available.  I'm sure that the staff are of the music geek type, and able to provide advice should you need it.  I agree with Lynsey - the sort of people who are going to shop here are the genuine music fans, and not just people (like me) who tend to stick firmly with the middle-of-the-road mainstream.
5	The reasons I heart Unknown Pleasures:* It's named after one of my favourite albums by one of my favourite bands (the mighty Joy Division).* They sell everything from no wave and punk to classic indie, psyche-rock, glam-rock, ska, funk and soul.* A lot of the stock is vinyl and prices are reasonable considering the great quality.* There's some cool band tee-shirts including the sleeve for Sonic Youth's Goo.* The staff are friendly and approachable rather than full of attitude.* They have some highly sought after Northern soul 45s tucked away.To top it off, last time I visited they played My Bloody Valentine AND The Ramones.
4	If you're a budding artist or just enjoy listening to music then Unknown Pleasures have an excellent selection. -CD's-posters-records...they have it all, plus they have an excellent selection of varied music and it's not as predictable as some other music stores in the area.If you're a student then you'll be pleased to know that you can receive 10% off absolutely everything in the store. Can't say fairer than that!
5	Unknown Pleasures is an understated music store at the rear end of the Royal Mile (opposite end from the Castle.)I barely knew of its existence till last week, when I finally got to see it for myself. Selling rare LPs of all sorts of varieties, I too was impressed with the range. Some offerings are veering towards expensive but that's due to their obscurity.They sell CDs and LPs that range in genre from classic rock to prog, ska and new wave. As the other young dudes have said, they also sell amazing posters and t shirts. Band t shirts are vacuously popular amongst people who sometimes don't even know what band they're wearing, but for die hard fans there's a good selection in here.The staff are refreshingly laid back and friendly, and with the content of the shop that makes it one for passionate lovers of music.
4	Was here for the first time today and found lots of great stuff from as little as a pound.Ended up getting quite a few singles.Will go back again, and for some of the more specialised singles that I am looking for will use the online service.
4	Just to update, was in this store recently and as of January 9th, it will be closed Mon-Thursday and open from Friday thru Sunday.
3	And it'll remain an unknown pleasure as it's now currently shut on tue, wed and thurs. Long way to walk to find that out.
5	Buoni prezzi. Ottima selezione vinili e cd. Personale gentile. Meno caro di ebay anche cover in genere sono solo vg. Vale la visita.
