5	I needed my Whirlpool oven repaired, so I called E&J Appliance.  They gave me a 2 hour window, and showed up right at the start.  The repair was quick and painless.  Great service!
5	When the ice machine in our KitchenAid refrigerator/freezer broke we attempted to self-repair it with a hand-dryer and other remedies but none stuck. So, we decided to call Ernie based off his shining reviews. He showed up on-time, with the part needed to repair the ice maker in hand, and fixed the problem then and there. No extra time ordering and waiting for the extra parts!
2	I found water pooling around my fridge so went to Yelp for a recommendation. The fridge's 2-year warranty had just run out. A very nice guy came on the early side of the 2-hour window. He was professional and respectful. However he did not find the true problem behind a leaky fridge. He said it was plumbing--luckily I have a home warranty and the cost for a plumber to come out was only $60. The leaking continued so I had a second plumber come out at no charge. Both plumbers demonstrated how this couldn't be a plumbing issue--the pipe was dry. So I called E&J back and this time the guy did find a problem with the filter casing and replaced it.But the fridge leaked a third time before it was (fingers crossed) really fixed. Apparently the root problem is using an off-market filter. I'd used off-market filters for the past two years so I'm not sure how true this is but whatever. I guess I'll enrich the Whirlpool Corporation by purchasing overpriced filters.Still, I would have liked for this to have been discovered 3 weeks sooner. Note: no weekend or emergency service. The service charge to come out is $79 but this is also deducted from subsequent repairs.
5	E & J were very quick to contact me to set up a visit to look at our failing fridge. I knew it was going to be something either really easy or really expensive. Ernie showed up within the time frame (on the early side of it) and quickly got down to business. He quickly diagnosed the problem and informed us we would be better off getting a new unit based the part that would need to be replaced. I can't appreciate that enough. So many times mechanics and so on get you in a hard spot or diagnose things you have no idea what they are talking about. Ernie showed me exactly what and where the problem was (sealed system leak) and referred me to a local appliance business whom we have done business with in the past. I would highly recommend these folks for your repair needs. I felt confident hiring these guys based on other Yelp reviews and was not disappointed. Thanks again E & J
5	I just had the most incredible experience with this company. I had called another firm 2 days ago to fix a dish washer that was not draining at a rental property of mine. I left a message, they never called back. Nice work fools. So I called E & J today. The woman that answered the phone asked if I had ever done business with them before, "no ma'am." Said the fee to show up & diagnose is $79. Asked how old the dishwasher was. I told her that I actually just bought it about 2-3 years ago, paid $900, said the prior tenant destroyed the house, filled the garbage disposal to the top with food, and I actually just bought a new drain pump & hose for the washer 2 days ago & still not luck. In fact, it made it worse! It started leaking (20,000 leagues under the sea type of leak) and still won't pump water out. So I guess I'm out of my league on this. (Pun intended). She asked, "did you recently replace the garbage disposal?" "Yes, I did". "Did you remember to knock out the water return plug before connecting the hose??"......silence.I totally forgot to do that. OF COURSE it won't drain water, it has no where to drain!!! She also suggested running a cleaner through the system that I can find at a local appliance repair shop and to continue to do so every 6 months to keep it running well. She said, "I don't want to send someone out there and charge you for something as simple as that. Hope you have a great day!" THIS is customer service. While I don't need to hire them today, they just bought themselves a customer for life. I feel confident any other company would have smiled in their head, sent a guy out knowing the simple issue, and handed me a $200+ bill for it. E & J really made my day, and restored some hope for me that people can still be kind and good.
5	Brad came out and couldn't fix our fridge right away because it used a weird motherboard that most fridges don't use.  He said he would have to drive to West Phoenix to get the part and that there was no way he could get out there before the end of the day.  This was friday before the Labor Day weekend and I was sure this meant I wouldn't be able to have my fridge fixed till Tuesday.  He said that he felt bad because he hadn't been able to fix it right then, and because we had kids and no backup fridge; so he volunteered to drive out to W.Phx on his day off, then come back to our house to fix the fridge - and he did! This is the kind of service you just don't find anymore.  I will definitely use E&J again for any appliance repair needs.
5	I had a great experience with this company.  They showed up at the early end of the 2-hour window, called before arrival, and the technician was super friendly & knowledgable.  I appreciated that he walked me step-by-step through the issue & what caused it.There is a $79 fee when they come out to diagnosis the problem, which was credited to my repair.I will absolutely call E&J again, should I need another appliance repair (although I'm hoping I never need to!).
5	Sincere honest and trustworthy. So we have a problem with our dishwasher. It's a $1200 KitchenAid. Only owned it for 18 months.  It don't seem to be getting pressure on the top rack or above the top Rack.  Anyway I called them up and the lady on the phone was unbelievably helpful. She gave me instructions on how to purchase some cleaner that might improve the flow and save me dough.   She recommended that I try that before getting the dishwasher serviced. I love honest people.
5	I had a great experience with E&J starting with my initial call. The person I spoke with on the phone was friendly, knowledgeable, and was able to set up an appointment for me the following day. In terms of the actual repair, Jonny did an outstanding job. He was on time, professional, and most importantly fixed my issue quickly. I would definitely recommend E&J to anyone with appliance repair needs.
5	Very pleased with the service!  The ice maker went out in my freezer.  Not only did it go out, but it wouldn't even go back into the holder in the freezer.   Called at 7:30 this morning and someone answered the phone, scheduled for someone to come out between 2-4 today and sure enough, they were here when they said they would be.  He fixed the issue quickly and was nice as could be.  Even showed me how I (or, you know, someone handy ;)  )  could fix the problem should it happen again.  They charge a flat $79  to come out but, my understanding is that's applied to repairs. He even gave me a $10 off first time customer coupon to use.  Very professional, quick and efficient.  Would use again!
5	Fast and efficient! My Kitchenaide refrigerator went on the blink. They came out the next day & had the part on the truck. Ernie called to let me know he was on his way, and he emailed me the invoice when he was finished. A+ organization all the way around. Thanks!
5	My Sears washer would not work. Washer computer light flashed "ld" telling me a problem with "long drain." As usual, I called Sears to repair.  Sears technicianspent two hours with a little computer hooked up to my washer.  He did not pull out my washer, did not look underneath or behind, and did not check any hoses.  Bottom line:  He tells me that circuit (control) board needs replacing (what?!?!), pump is going out, and all the parts are bad.  He says I  "just need a new washer."  (Washer is 8 years old.)  I know I am "technically challenged" with appliances, but this just doesn't sound right.  After sending Sears on their way, I decided to call E&J Appliance Service ( found on yelp.)I decided a second opinion was cheaper than a new washer (with dryer to match).The lady who answered the phone was wonderful. (I was very upset at that point).She calmed me down and said it sounded like drain or pump problems to her.She sent Johnny out that afternoon.  Johnny came and checked out my washer (by HAND, not computer).This guys knows what he is doing.  He pulled out my washer first thing, openedit from the bottom, and found three pennies that had gotten into my machine and were causing the "LD" light to come on.  He checked my circuit board (said NOTHING was wrong there), and checked out everything else on my washer. Everything else was OK.This was more than a month ago.  I have done many, many loads of laundry sinceJohnny repaired , and everything is working GREAT!!!E&J will be my ONLY call in the future for appliance repair.
5	Called these guys to service my dishwasher. It wasn't draining so I figured the pump needed to be replaced. While I was on the phone the attendant asked if I had recently installed a garbage disposal. Well I had a few days prior and forgot to remove the knock-out for the dishwasher drain. They could have very easily charged me $79 to come out and diagnose the problem but they told me what to fix on my own instead. Very honest people!
5	If you need a great appliance repair company I strongly recommend E & J Appliance Service Company.  Punctual, knowledgeable with excellent service.  I have recommended them to others and have heard the same from them.  You can't go wrong.
5	I called E and J Appliance after my refrigerator started making a clicking sound and stopped cooling.  The person who answered the phone was courteous and we scheduled the appointment for the next day between 4 and 6pm.  At 3:30pm, Brad called to say he was on his way. How often is a company early?Brad arrived and went right to work on the refrigerator. He quickly identified the problem as a relay switch to the compressor and he was done in 10 mins. The fridge is running great, and I saved a bundle not having to buy a new one. Brad was prompt, professional, and very knowledgeable about the repair.His card is now on my refrigerator, and I won't hesitate to call with any other appliance repair issue. I was so impressed I couldn't wait to write this review. :)
5	This is good old fashion service. I had a broken washer. I explained the problem over the phone to a technician and instead of coming out and charging me a service trip, he was honest and told me it needed to be replaced. Any company willing to forego profit to maintain integrity can have my business!
5	I called them based on other Yelp reviews. Talked to Alan to set the appointment to fix my microwave oven. He was friendly and gave me several appointment options. Brad was the tech that came out. He showed up at the early part of the time window and called to let me know he was on his way. Brad diagnosed the problem quickly and clearly knew what he was doing. The price was reasonable and he even gave me a $10 credit for an online coupon that I did not know about after I told him I found them on Yelp. I am always nervous about new service people but these guys were professional, fair and knowledgeable. I would definitely call them for other repairs. They apparently fix all appliances except water softeners and a/c units.
5	Brad just left, very professional and did a great job on my dishwasher, without trying to sell me parts.  I would use E&J anytime.
5	100% honest and thorough company.  Arrived exactly as scheduled with a courtesy call beforehand.  We had them out to quote on a rebuild of a Sub Zero freezer as a 'second opinion'.  Previous tech company had tested unit and determined it needed new compressors, and a full rebuild and quoted $3000 for the work, or $12K for a replacement.  E&J tech spent some time going through the unit, determined a simple clean was needed and now we are back to cold temps on both fridge & freezer sides and a $79 bill.These guys are totally honest and I would highly recommend them to anyone.
5	Left comment for owners. Brenda is awesome on the phones 5 years ago she was able to get me with a schedule change, knowing I couldn't dry anything b/c of a messed up filter in my dryer. Awesome service   Called today about different appliance   Brenda figures it out with parts & labor wud cost abt. $700 new cud b purchased on sale ad for abt $440-$500 brand new with warranties   She saved me the service call plus, plus. Thx for the honesty iF ONLY MORE COMPANIES HAD ETHICS & MORALS!!!
5	I will be using E & J appliance service company for all of my appliance needs for now out. He fixed my dryer belt. Great customer service, on time and well priced.
5	WOW!  These folks are GREAT!  You don't get this type of old-school customer service anymore!  Mother board on the Whirlpool washer finally went out.  I called on Tuesday, they were there on Thursday at 8:05 AM (promised me a 8 - 10 AM window).  Gentleman (Rick or Rich?) was clad in impeccable, professional attire (no jeans?!), checked the pressure hose prior to investigating the mother board to see if he could save me some $.  Never believed anyone would do that!  Turns out it was the mother board; he had it installed and up and running in about 35 minutes.  Price was fair.  They will get all of my business from now and SHOULD HAVE A CHANCE TO EARN YOUR BUSINESS TOO!!!!
5	Gave them a call and had my appt early in the morning. They told me 8am-10am was available so I told them to show up early at 8. On the day of my appt the tech called around 720 and told me he will show up at 8. Very punctual and actually he came early. went in my house and diagnosed the problem. He was really knowledgable of the repair and gave me pointers on how to lengthen the life of my washer. I was really impressed on how local businesses take care of you compared to the large corporate ones. If you have any problems with your household appliances dont hesitate to call these guys. kudos to all of you guys! thanks johnny!!
5	Outstanding service from a punctual and personable tech.  Our laundry room is back in service and we have a great company we can call for future repairs.  Thanks, E & J!
5	Excellent service. Was able to schedule a service visit quickly. They arrived on time, had the parts I needed (actually an available variant of the part, as my specific part was not available.  My washer was up and running in short order, and they saved me a few bucks in the process.  Highly recommended.
5	Had Brad stop by and look at my washer. He was very nice and helpful. Unfortunately my washer was beyond repair but I was very happy with Brad! I would recommend E & J!
5	I can't say enough about E & J Appliance Service.  Ernie has been to my house for two separate issues and was easily able to diagnose the problems as well as tell me what things I might need to avoid further problems.  Not only is Ernie the owner, but I feel that he is 100% honest and reliable.  For one of my repairs, he needed to order a part and it only took a day for them to get it in and do the repair.  No waiting a week like I have with other companies.  I always like to support good, local businesses and this is one I highly recommend you do.  No big chain center, this is an ethical, homegrown company that cares about its customers.  I feel the service is honest and fair and that is all I can ask for.  I will use E & J again for all my future appliance repairs.
5	I had a problem with my refrigerator and Rick came out and fixed it for me!  He was on time, professional, fixed the problem, explained to me what I can do to fix it next time, and fixed another problem that he found while fixing the one I knew about, for free.
5	We needed someone who was quick, reliant, and honest and we got it when we called E&J appliance service company. Johnny was our technician and he was perfect for us. We will be using E&J for all of our future appliance issues! We really did have a great experience!
5	We had E&J Appliance Service Co out for our Whirlpool microwave.  It was under warranty and E&J was one of the service providers available.  These guys are the best and do what they say they are going to do.  Ernie called us in advance and let us know he was on his way and he showed up on time and was able to service our microwave on the spot.  GREAT SERVICE and a VERY NICE GUY.  Would definitely use them again and refer them to anyone needing a reliable applicance repair company!
