5	We found this company when we we were looking for someone to install our new microwave .  They were less expensive than the other three companies we called for a quote and  they did an excellent job!When our dryer began to make loud squeaking noises,  we called them.  They quoted us a price which we felt was very reasonable.  Their technician serviced the unit.  A day or two later,  it began making the noise again, so we called again.  They came out and discovered a bearing going out.  The technician ordered the new part and only charged us for the part.  No additional service call!  When the part came in,  they installed it and the noise was  gone (and at no additional expense).A month or so later we notice the dryer dial was not advancing and the clothes we getting over dried.  Again we called East Valley Appliance.  We knew this was a totally different issue and  we were told there would be a service charge for a technician to assess the problem and give us a price, but if we authorized the work,  the service call would be waived.  Mike the owner came out himself and discovered that it would cost more to repair than to replace.  He waived the service call and told us what to look for in a new dryer.  What service and integrity!!
1	Called to schedule an appoint and the lady who answered said they were closed. She took my phone number and said someone would call me in the morning to put me on the schedule. No one called and when i called them late in the afternoon the following day no one answered the phone.
5	Great Service and prices! Called to fix my dishwasher and not only did they fix it but improve it! I'll be using them as a referral for all my clients!
4	We are very please with the service and support we received from Mike and his staff. We needed our refrigerator looked at as items n the t shelf were freezing and our stove was registering temperatures that were significantly different then the temperature setting. We found them via yelp as they were close to our location in Queen Creek and had a very good rating. Unfortunately we had a service technician who was less that competent and although he had diagnosed the problems correctly he wired the fridge sensors incorrectly and did not perform the proper diagnostics on the unit. We called back and arranged for Mike to come out with his new technician, Kory, who properly diagnosed the problem by calling the manufacturer's support line and identifying the source of the error using the codes. He did not leave until everything was working correctly and was very professional and courteous. He has since let the original technician go and with proper training we believe Kory will be a great addition. We will definitely use the service again and will be working directly with Mike. Thanks Mike for making it right!!!Traci & Bob DeMarco
