5	Saw the new nail salon that just opened up in the same complex I work out in so I decided to stop in. The owners were so nice and they did a fantastic job on my pedi!  They were very knowledgable and even helped educate me on my foot issues. I'll definitely be frequently this place!!
5	Followed skyla  from the last shop she worked at to her new shop because she is amazing.  I am incredibly picky and Ocd about my nails and she does them perfectly.  She takes extra time on each nail making sure they are absolutely perfect , after listening to exactly what you want and to top it off, They do not lift.  I removed my acrylic nails a year ago because I got tired of trying to find someone who did them to my standards. But then I found skyla and my problem was solved . I will not go to anyone else, she is wonderful.
5	Skyla has been doing my nails, pedicures, and eyebrows for about 2 1/2 years. I am always AMAZED at how great of a job she does. I am very rough on my nails and they still look perfect 2 weeks later. Skyla always takes enough time and care to make sure that I leave happy. PQ Nails is new, clean and has a friendly/relaxing atmosphere.  I  recommend to everyone!!!
5	There is no better salon in Henderson than this one. I've followed Skyla for a year now and I've never gone anywhere else. (I live in North Las Vegas and drive to Henderson just to go to her.) My nails, pedis and eyebrows are always perfect. You can show her any picture of nails you like and she'll recreate them better than the picture. Her husband and her are wonderful and the new salon is beautiful. I recommend them to everyone!
5	Clean. New. Friendly. Quiet. Personal. Great service. Took a chance on a new place and was pleasantly surprised. Skyla and Sean were awesome! Had a very relaxing and thorough pedicure. One of the best I've had in awhile. Skyla even doted over my baby who I brought in with me and made sure my polish was perfect. Will definitely return. Yelp hasn't posted their phone: 702-567-9990
5	This place is awesome. Im not much for getting my nails done, but this is deFinitely a place I'll return. They are very nice, held a conversation, and took care of me and my fiance fully. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
5	I love it here! I've been going to Skyla for about a year now. She's incredibly talented and is always kind. She instinctively knows what you want. Check this place out!
5	Just moved to Henderson needed a new nail place figured I would try PQ. So glad I did!! Skyla did a fantastic job. Super clean and very nice place! Def will go back!
5	I live in Arizona and I was visiting for the week. I found this nail salon close to where I was staying. Saw some of the reviews, and headed on in for a girls (daughter) treat. My fills were done in seven minutes! I was very weary of their outcome. However, a month later, yes a month; I removed my nail polish to find one set of beautiful nails! This will be my go-to place in Vegas!
5	AWESOME!! That is what I would call this place.  It is run by a younger generation and seem very sweet. They easily understand what you are asking for  and  I was amazed at the expertise that they showcased with the Gel nails that I got today.  Very friendly enviroment, clean and quiet.  Just absolutely amazing.  My new place.  Oh, did I mention fair priced too?
4	Love this place ! I had a pedicure. Only reason I rated it four stars; charged me 10$ extra to have two nail colors with no designs. It really didn't make sense especially bcs they were just basic nails.  I could see a couple dollars but not 10$....Other than that I thought both people were extremely nice and "actual" prices were reasonable. Wasn't too busy so it made it easy to get in and out yet have them focus their work on you. My nails turned out awesome !!
5	Fantastic New Nail Salon ! I'm SupeR picky x10 & Skylar gave me an new set of Acrylics Exactly how I like!
1	This was the worst manicure experience I've ever had in my life. I went there asking for a dark red gel and left with no polish and ripped up cuticles. I sat there for an HOUR. They told me the gel wasn't sticking and tried to remove it to start over!! No way would I let them start all over and be stuck there for another hour! How does this place have 5 stars?!?!?! I bet they have their friends and family write reviews.
1	My girlfriend went here and came back very upset. They cut too deep into her cuticles and were very inexperienced. They were unable to put gel on! My poor baby wasted over an hour of her time and came back with nails worse than before she went.
5	Entered as a walk-in and requested a Disney theme pedicure. I love how it turned out and I loved the service. I'll return for sure!
1	I moved to Henderson a couple months ago so I've been trying out different places to get my nails done with no luck, and this place certainly doesn't get any good reviews from me either.... At first I was really happy with the service. There was no wait, the man that was painting my gel nails (sat in the front by the phone) was really friendly, and he was doing a great job. Then for some reason, when the woman was finished doing another customer's toes, she came over to finish my nails, and he started cleaning. Her style was odd, she would paint one nail on my left hand, and put it under the light, paint one nail on the right hand, and put it under the light. Back and forth!!! She was constantly switching them!! But you know, whatever. The very next evening, about 24 hours later, polish on my right pointer finger peeled right off! I had to work at 630 am the following morning, so I didn't have time to go in to get it fixed. Sure enough, that following day, which was the second day I had them painted, my right middle finger nail polish also peeled off!!!! GRRRR!!!!! To make it worse, I am a Flight Attendant, so I didn't come home for 3 days! The day I got back, was Monday, and they were closed. By that time I was angry that I paid $25 just to get them painted and this is what happens, not to mention I am walking around with messed up nails. As a Flight Attendant, I know people are staring at them! I never did call them or go back in there, cause I've been trying to peel the color off so I can go somewhere else asap. I have already made up my mind that I'm not going back here.
4	I left a review on here once before and one of the owners tried to clarify something to me but I just wanted to clarify that you were mistaken. I went in alone and only had pedicure. I've never done a pedicure with a friend. My last review still remains the same. I also only review on MY experiences alone.
5	Wonderful experience at this salon. Not only is the place impeccably clean, the owners are extremely gracious. Call to schedule your appointment NOW!!!
