4	Best pizza in Waunakee and the garlic knots are great.
4	A bit out of the way, I was quite happy to find this place.  The pizza was quite good, and the people that worked there were very nice as well.  They have a nice variety of toppings and choices for sauce and crust: I got the garlic cream sauce chicken pizza, and it was very tasty.
5	Definitely the best pizza in Waunakee.  Kind of out of the way and easy to overlook but worth tracking it down.  They deliver, as well..  Excellent crust, great options for both sauce and toppings.  Everything we have tried has been really good.  People who work there are super nice.  There is some space for dine-in but we have only done carryout.
3	The best option for pizza in Waunakee, but could be betterWhile I wouldn't rate this as my fave pizza in the Madison-area (Greenbush Bar holds that esteemed title), Zoe's serves up a decent pizza.I like the fact that Zoe's offers three crust options (Hand Tossed, Regular Thin or Cracker Thin).  Since I prefer a little crunch to my crust, the cracker thin is my personal choice.  But the other two options are pretty good as well. The red sauce is a little better than average.  It does not offer much complexity but it does not have that out of the can taste that either.  There are four other sauce options (alfredo, BBQ ranch and olive oil) if you are looking for something a little different.Besides the standard mozzarella, there are three other cheese options (fresh mozzarella, feta and cheddar).  My dad always mixed in a little cheddar one the pizza he made, so I appreciate that option.  Our household is also a big fan of feta cheese, so we utilize that option quite a bit.The six meat options are pretty standard.  It would be nice to have a more upscale option like prosciutto.  Topping quantities are generous.The same can be said about the 16 veggie topping offerings.  The are generously applied, but there are no real gourmet options.The kids LOVE the garlic knots as an appetizer - I can take them or leave them.There are a variety of pasta offerings, sandwiches and salads on the menu as well.  I have not given them a try yet, so you are on your own if you choose to wander off the pizza reservation...The staff are friendly and the carryout pizzas are always ready on time.
