5	The Pad Thai is great and the portions are huge! The Tom Yom soup (chock full of veggies) and wonton soup (meaty wontons, not all doughy like others) taste amazing. Fifteen bucks gets a soup, 3 pieces of sushi, a crispy and tasteful imperial roll and a main dish, as well as tea or coffee. Highly recommended if  you live in the west and want Pad Thai.
4	I don't think I would touch any other Thai in the west island. This place is fantastic. Everything tastes fresh and delicious. Beats most restaurants around here by a long shot.
4	I am regular to this place.Every time I go, the sushi is delicious and very fresh. The staff is always friendly and quick.I recommend this spot to anyone looking for a good meal, especially if you want to keep it low in price.
5	I've eaten here about a dozen times now. We love the sushi and the daily special. Food is always consistent, you can bring your wine, and after they have seen you there a few times, they take notice. :)
4	Ate here the other day with my wife. Great Asian food spot.- prompt service- excellent prices- awesome portions- AMAZING foodNoting bad to say about my experience here. Don't be mistaken, it isn't the fanciest place around. Just good decent Asian food.
2	My husband and I only went to this restaurant based on the reviews on this website, but our review is totally the opposite. I wish I enjoyed a meal of Thai food, as I was craving it that night!! The service was good, but their food was so bland! I did not order the sushi, I ordered the spicy chicken with rice.... it literally tasted like NOTHING! My husband tried it and thought it was the same.... there was no salt or no spice. After few bites I asked the waiter if he could get me a new one... all they did was pour it back into the pan and drizzled it with hot sauce... REALLY?!! I'm never going back there again! Waste of money.
3	Had lunch from here today (take out), and was pleased with the food. Taste was good, and prepared quickly, but I was turned off by the 3 spoons of MSG that were tossed into the wok while my dish was cooked. Hmmm... (I asked if it was MSG, by the way, and was told "yes, a little bit." 3 spoons is not "a little bit.)Service was friendly, though, and the price was excellent. All in all, 2.5-3 stars, but I'm feeling generous... so 3. Maybe the MSG is affecting me.
2	Not impressed at all.  I would go somewhere else.  My soup was descent, but the other two meals delivered to our table were so pathetic that we didn't eat them.
