1	On occasion they give good service but for the most part everyones rude and fries are stale. I hate this location and wouldn't come back if it wasn't for my son who of course like many children don't know any better and love McDonald's.
1	Wanted to use drive-thru but saw there was 10 cars in line so I opted to go inside where the line was just as long.  I was inside for over 20 minutes waiting for my order.  They didn't plan for the rush and there were no fries ready.  Also, when the girl poured the milkshake into the cup she got milkshake all over the cup.   If I didn't ask her to clean it she would have given it to me like that.  There was only one person on cash registers and the staff helping him were not giving the cups for the soda.  Also, they ran out of Caeser dressing packets for the salads too.  The genlemen at the cash register was very nice but the supervisor was rude.  I only like coming her because my daughter likes McDonalds.  I do like the location in Henderson that has the space ship play structure, better location and better customer service.
1	Why do I go here - because it is the closest to my home.  Why bother here anymore.  Running late from work picked up the family and we came thorugh drive-through around 6:30PM with NO ONE else in line in Drive through.  The F-T-F service we were stuck with some one new learning the cash register (I am patient - everyone needs to learn)  I can hear throught the window the employees goofing off singing and laughing really loud and no one helping this cashier out.  Three of us ordered.  Out of three only my daughter's happy meal order was correct.  I asked for no mayo they gave it to me, my husband asked for no pickles and they gave it to him and I wanted a large chocolate milkshake and they gave me a medium.  I even said I ordered a large and the girls response was "well, it says medium".  She gives me the drinks first WITHOUT straws and gives me the bag of food WITHOUT ketchup.  I ask is the straws in the bag her response "I don't know I don't bag them I just hand them to you" - I look at her and say "Well, can I get straws?"  And then the same question about the ketchup "Well, can I get ketchup?"  When we got home and the order was incorrect I was pissed.  I really think they didn't want to make a fresh order and knew that we would be forced to eat it since it was ordered through drive through.  What is up with promoting F-T-F service - Everything about this locations sucks!  I think it is time for us to get healthy and go to Tropical Smoothie which has healthy items and for kids too.
1	You guys are all going - Why does she continue to go there?  Well it is all about the toy in a kid's meal - come on people.  No straws, No Napkins and No ketchup through drive thru?  Huh?  Just don't get it.  I love their Mocha Frap drink and so do my hips but I wish the corporate headquarters would send their own spies to see how much the drive-thru service sucks.  I do continue to go here because I have a 5 year old!  That is why!  :)
5	Yes!  It finally happened with drive thru.  Ok, I just got a mocha frap drink but the kid was so excited since the driver in front of me looked like Rachel Ray I got a smile and I got a really good drink.  I even got a straw too!  I have to give them a thumbs up!  I have to say I love the drink and please don't tell my friends at Starbucks but I like it better than the Mocha Frap there.....shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!  plz don't tell!  :)
4	becoming a fan of the mcfrappes and smoothies. mcnuggets are always a good choice and easy to eat. drive thru os always busy go inside to avoid the wait. one time they made me park around the corner to give me my shamrock shake.
4	Ate breakfast on a Saturday morning. The drive-thru was crazy busy! We went inside, and got our food quickly and efficiently. Quality was good, and the lobby was clean. As good as it gets for McDonald's grub!
3	This Mcdonalds has drastically improved since they put in the new drive-thru system.  I used to have to pull around front everyday and wait extra time for food or coffee.The only real issue I have is that their specialty coffee is never consistent.  It tastes different everytime!
2	I just came back from here. The drive thru was crazy, of course because of the time (1130). There was a young employee setting up an umbrella and a sign. He was the ONLY one who was nice, which you would think, in this heat, he would be a little snappy.The other two employees I greeted, said "hello" to, asked them how they were. No response.Unreal. But my order was right.
3	I used to live on this side of town and would come here once in awhile. Back then, the service was alright. I had to wait once in awhile at the front because the drive through was backed up. And they would get my order right. Today, when I stopped for a quick bite to eat before class, I went through the drive through and was surprised that the line wasn't too crazy. I ordered a McDouble, no pickles, medium french fries and a large sweet tea. Paid & got my food - awesome quickness. BUT when I got to school and started to eat - my cheese burger had pickles. Not only did it have pickles, it had the receipt that said "(1) McDouble; NO pickles." And my sweet tea was watered down and not so sweet, more like bland. Also, my french fries was thrown in the bag & practically poured out of the little holder.Really McDonald's? We're going to lower our food services because we have an updated drive through terminal? Just because I go through drive through, does not mean you RUSH me through. I like my food to be made to order. Thanks.
1	On two separate occasions my husband and I brought our kids here for some happy meals and play time and there was some kind of spit or snot in my drink the first time and some kind of spit or snot in two of my three kids drinks the second time.I ALWAYS look before any of us drink from any fast food and thank goodness I do!!I will never take my kids there again and I don't advise anyone go to that location.We are sending a letter to corporate.
1	shit !  It took 25 minutes to get my food at 12:30 in the afternoon on Friday the 11th. I'm not going back
1	The credit card system is down  and they don't tell you until you get up to order. So than you are stuck in line to pull through.
3	I asked them NO meat on my breakfast brisket and it was repeted to the person makin it.and when I got it there was becon on it.. but eggs were good n fresh
1	This location is currently undergoing a renovation, so the front counter is closed. The other night I went through the drive through, ordered, and asked for the smoothie deal (buy one get one free, any size) and they told me you had to go to the counter for that. SERIOUSLY? I'm less upset by the fact that I didn't get my smoothie than the simple stupidity of that statement. And this morning, they forgot my drink with my order. And the manager wanted me to drive through again. Seriously? Just get me my chocolate milk dude! And why was I allowed into apparent construction zone?? It's supposed to be closed, there's guys working all over the place, and they let me just walk right through them. In a hoodie, green plaid and Birkenstocks. I did it just to see if they'd let me in. And I stood there for a good five minutes before the manager asked me drive around again. And a couple weeks ago, I found a HAIR IN MY CHIKEN NUGGETS. A black, curly hair. And the manager laughed, and told me I can get anything on the menu. Didn't say a word to anyone working back there! Disgusting. I'm done with this location.
