5	I have been taking my pets here for the last 15 years. The sign says "Dave and Rick's Dog and Cat Repair" which kinda shows the laid back yet professional atmosphere. The same staff has been there most of the years with very few changes. Rick Chrisler is my main Doc, but I have seen his partner too on occasion. These guys are dedicated and knowledgeable and the entire staff know their stuff. I have recommended them to 2 neighbors and they both continue to take their pets there too.
1	If I could give this office less than one star, I would. I adopted a puppy in April, who had come to me with a rectal prolapse. I had attempted to see my regular vet who cares for my other dog, but she had pneumonia and was unavailable. She had prolapsed while I was getting ready for work, so I brought her with me because this vet office is in the same complex that I work in. They seemed very helpful and knowledgeable at first, it was very convenient and they were willing to watch her while I worked all day, so I continued to bring her in because she could not be left at home alone. After about two weeks of misdiagnosing the cause of her prolapse, sending me to expensive emergency clinics with the impression of a permanent fix being done, all because they didn't want to take an extra hour or so to put a purse string in themselves, not giving her the last round of parvo shots after I asked them to do it for three days, i was getting frustrated. Dr. Chrisler had changed her purse string on a Monday, i had tried leaving her by herself on Tuesday, she prolapsed through it. Found out later that day, he put it in looser and did not tell me. The next day, though her condition and situation had not changed one bit, and after weeks of urging me to wait on a surgery, it suddenly became emergent. I told them i made an appointment the next week, and Dr. Conti said that was not soon enough, she needed it as soon as tomorrow. Though, he nor Dr. Chrisler were willing to do the surgery, because they were not comfortable. Which I appreciate the honesty, but how does a vet who has been licensed and practicing for 30 years, have a surgery that they are not comfortable doing? I got her in with my regular vet the next day, only to find out the purse string put in on Tuesday, after his first one failed, was now infected, as well as done wrong and poorly. My 11 week old puppy who has gone through too much in that short time, would have been eligable for surgery with the infection, and would not have recovered. Thanks to Dr. Molander, my wonderful, thorough, careful and thoughtful veterinarian, my dog would not have made it to where she is now. She would have had a short lived, painful life. Now, she is happy and healthy, with no complications. Her surgery would have apparently cost me 3-4,00 dollars, it was done for less than a thousand. Her treatment for the infection and surgery cost less than the money that the rural animal clinic wasted on the pointless, useless 'solutions' and 'fixes', that only worsened her condition. Absolutely horrible. I wouldn't recommend them if they were the last vet in existence.
2	So they have 2 Yelp businesses. Dave & Rick's Dog & Cat Repair  has more reviews should you need to read more. Don't mind my copy & pasting the same review:Disappointed. Our German Shepherd we now know has enzyme deficiency, after running MULTIPLE (more than one, two, even three) tests trying to figure out what it was that was causing him to lose drastic weight and diarrhea. We had done our own research and wondered if it was EPI but before taking that specific test, they convinced us that would be last resort. Fine. We paid the $200+ each time, and finally we know what is wrong with him, it was the "last resort" we already figured it was. The medication for him is very expensive for a little amount so naturally, after a couple months of ordering through these guys we attempted to find more affordable pricing through other prescription websites for pet meds. Long story short after knowing what we have been through with our dog (and having him crap in their office on more than one occasion), WE had to do the legwork in finding a place IN ARIZONA that carries his medication. Did they help? At the littlest amount they could. And in the least bit of urgency. They cared about his well-being when he was sick but that's all. I have asked questions that they "just don't know" and "you will have to look it up". Thanks guys. I have more than once told them he is completely out of medication and we need to order ASAP, and that we are having a hard time affording the medication through them. Again, in one ear and out the other, no sympathy or concern to help. We took our dog to another vet and boom medication ordered (HALF THE PRICE) and it's on its way already. We are done taking our dog here.P.S. I do want to add that there IS *a* very knowledgeable & kind receptionist that works there, who was the most of help. I'm saddened that it's such a poor review for ONE helpful employee who deserves a 4-5 star herself and wish I spoke with her instead of whomever else was running the desk during my recent communications.
