2	God help you when there's a wrestling tournament in town and you're checking out a grad program in CU.  No Union, no historic Lincoln....yes Super 8.Now, Super 8 is...a Super 8.  You are not expecting a bevy of Milanese opera singers, clad in diaphanous shawls and wet with the last cloying droplets of the spring rain, to entertain you with their siren songs in front of the tiny fireplace in the antiseptic lobby.But, you aren't expecting to see smoking/non-smoking rooms (least if you're from California, a land where tobacco smoking results in summary execution by armed guards)--and being put up in a smoking room is not much of a boon, especially when it smells as if the entire room is an ashtray.When I mentioned this to the disinterested yet vaguely friendly guy at the front lobby, he pulled his head back from teh phone where he was chattin' with his ladyfriend just long enough to query, "Hey, you want Pops to go up and Febreeze that for ya?"He then gestured in the general direction of a stooped, wizened gentleman, wrinkled and neat, who looked exhausted.  I gulped back shame as I reached for the doorknob to leave.  "Um, yeah, can you Febreeze it?"  That night it smelled like someone had been smoking in a flowery meadow.  The one additional star is for the free wireless in the room.  But I felt I had to taste the air, so I don't know if it really should get that extra estrella.I'm so sorry, Pops.  But thanks for the Febreezin' anyway.
2	My fiancee and I have been putting off going back to see the University of Illinois campus for a while now. We saw that Super 8 was having a crazy anniversary sale on rooms where if you booked online on a certain date and time, your room would only be $8.88. We decided this would be the perfect oppurtunity to head down to Champaign so we tried to book the room and got it.This is the point where I tell you if I had paid any more than $8.88, I would have felt ripped off. The room smelled very weird (that smell that makes you think someone could have died in there but they used enough chemicals to kill every last skin cell), the bedding was very itchy, and the shower curtain didn't even have any plastic liner to keep the water in the tub. The only positives (the reason it gets two stars instead of one) were that there was good pressure in the shower and the location was not bad. Honestly though, unless it is a crazy deal like we had, there are better hotels in the area. There is even a nicer Super 8 near Lincoln Avenue.
3	The wifi is good, the beds are decently comfy, the showers are nice, the staff is amazingly friendly and helpful, and it is cheap-cheap-cheap! I do not know what else you could possibly be looking for in Champaign.
3	The front desk was very courteous when we checked in.The room was very nice,had a good bathroom.Stayed at a Super 8 in Pa.the bathroom didn't have that much room.Lots of places to eat by here.Also there is a mall nearby.Will stay there again if I have to.
3	The Indian kid working at the counter asked me if I wanted to get a non-smoking room because the smoking room I reserved "smelled really bad."  Also, some other Indian guy accidentally barged in my room.
1	This motel was nasty! It smelled, it was dirty, and it didn't even have an elevator..The included fridge looked like it hasn't been used in years as it had hairs, grime, and a gooey film of nasty in it.The A/C unit was missing the entire top, therefore it took forever to figure out how to get it working.There was one wall that had a sticky "something" all over it!This place grossed me and my family out!But... If you don't mind filthy, nasty living conditions, then it's a great place for a nights rest!..
5	I have stayed here twice now! I must say the service was great. The 2nd time even though it was within a weeks time, the woman at the front desk remembered me and was very pleasant. No complaints here, and I will def be back to stay.
1	Honestly, don't stay here unless every other hotel is booked. We ended up staying here when some family members were running the Illinois marathon in Champaign.  We waited too long to book and this was all we could find.I did not want to walk on the floors in the room even with socks on. The room was dark and had a smell - smoke, sweat or maybe s combination. The sheets in the bed looked clean but they were very worn. I decided to skip a morning shower. I just didn't want to touch anything in there.The lobby was under construction and the staff was very pleasant.
1	Checked in for 2days woke up saw roaches in bathroom,my lady flipped,they credited me one day,seemed front dest was Shocked, the clerk said "we spray every week" and we now no why,,not worth getting cheaper hotel,learned my lesson.
1	Do not stay here!! My boyfriend and I had ended up here after our 15 hour drive from Delaware to Illinois. We were going apartment hunting in Champaign the next day and completely forgot to book a hotel room for the night. Of course the next day was move-in day for the Illini so everything was booked for the night. When we went to book a room, the night manager informed us that the cost was going to be $85 instead of the typical price since it was a "busy week and the price should meet the demand" (thanks for basically saying your screwing us over just because you can?). When we opened the door to our hotel room I was greeted with the lovely smell of cat pee and mold. I think we were in our room for 2 minutes before I saw a cockroach on the desk in the room. I screamed, my boyfriend squished it with a napkin. After that I refused to sleep there so we went to ask the manager for our money back. The manager inspects our room and says he can't refund us because we already "used" the room (I had pulled back the covers of the bed to check for more bugs) and that he needed to see the cockroach to prove we were telling the truth. My poor boyfriend had to dig through the trash to show the manager the dead bug. The guy then told us to re-make the bed and we would get our money back. Seriously? Oh and he also informed us that the roaches are usually downstairs and he had an upstairs room available if we wanted it. No. Thank. You.
