5	Ahem, it's called San Carlos BAY seafood restaurant. Anyway, this is my favorite restaurant in Phoenix. The seafood is out of this world. I normally only order one dish, the Shrimp in Garlic sauce, and it never ever disappoints. Tortilla, beans and fries come with...but the real kick in the pants? When that delicious sauce marinates everything on the plate, making the fries all garlicky and moist...MMMMM...I can't wrap it all up in the tortilla and shove it into my mouth fast enough. I also highly recommend ordering a shrimp or seven seas cocktail as the perfect starter. My family has been coming here for years, it's not in the best neighborhood. Last time we were here the place got robbed. No one was hurt, staff casually called the police, I'm guessing this had happened before. I was just glad the shrimp were okay.But don't let that deter you! If you like seafood and mexican food you will be in hog (cerdo?) heaven! Mariachis on the weekends too...(just don't be that guy that requests they play La Bamba).
5	Definitely a hidden gem!I have eaten everything on the menu.No, not all at once. I've been going for years.The best baja style mexican seafood in town. Even the raw oysters are fresh and delicious.You can't go wrong. SRSLY. GO.They don't always take credit cards. I'm not sure why. Bring cash just in case.
4	I am indeed a fan. If you're down for some mariscos in Central Phoenix you should defitely try it out. Reasonable prices for good food. The mariscos are the upper end of the menu. There are also cheaper texmex items if you are in the snacking mood. They recently began accepting credit cards. Nice wait staff. Pleasant.
5	Whenever I fly back to Arizona, about twice a year, I drive straight from Sky Harbor to San Carlos Bay. For fifteen years I have kept this tradition. The chips and salsa are perfect, mariachis drifting around, real families and workers on their lunch breaks. All the seafood is perfect, especially the ceviche. The soups are amazing. For the kids, I get fried shrimp with french fries, and they're the best fried shrimp you'll ever eat. Flying into PHX, I dream of this and am never disappointed: a cold Pacifico beer with those tiny, tart Mexican limes and a whole fried snapper endiablados style. The neighborhood looks like a place you'd go to pawn your grandma's walker or sell a hot catalytic converter, but inside San Carlos Bay, you'll think you're eating on the square in Guymas!
4	Sea of Cortez style Mexican food. Doesn't get much better than this.The Shrimp Cuilici (sp) is the signature dish and the item I order the most. It consists of shrimp baked in a creamy pepper sauce with a layer of cheese. It all blends together in a gooey goodness that you can spoon over tortillas.All the seafood is awesome there, cooked in several styles. I love Mexican food and I love seafood. San Carlos Bay is the best of both worlds.
4	San Carlos Bay exceeded my expectations and I can't wait to go back next time I have a hankering for some Mexican seafood. The fish is fresh and they don't skimp on anything here. The complimentary chips and salsa and aresome and even better when served with a Corona Chelada. On the recommendation of some other yelpers I ordered the shrimp diabolitos (I think that is how it is spelled) and it was amazing and as spicy as expected (warning- I love super spicy food and this was definitely on the higher end of spicy- heat akin to the level of the slow burn of an indian vindaloo). I will definitely be back for more!
4	Not far from the airport, and a great way to start and end your trip to Phoenix. If you live here, better food than the 'upscale' joints in Scottsdale. The seafood is as good as any I've had in many trips to Mexico, and reminds me of a hidden gem an understanding cab driver took me to on a back street near the Sheraton in Puerto Vallerta, and have never been able to find since. You'll know you're here when you spot those casually hung 'Best Mexican Seafood' awards as you enter.Start of with one of their many varieties of Ceviche, available in three different sized portions. My son liked it so much he had one as an appetizer, and another larger one as his main course.My brother then had Grilled Octopus - very tasty and tender. I ordered the Fish Grilled in Garlic Sauce. Amazingly fresh, and done (not overdone) just right. Both platters came with  rice. beans, salad, and under the fish - French Fries! Not at all soggy. And the warm tortillas and spicy salsa let you build a few tacos along the way.We washed everything down with several Mexican beers, at  4 bucks a bottle, the same as they charge for for 'domestic' beer (although domestic here would probably be Mexican). Friendly waitress and patrons, and even though we were the only gringos in the place, we felt right at home.The three meals, as above, with tax, tip and beers came out to only about $70. You could drive down to the actual San Carlos Bay through Tuscon and Nogales in a couple of hours, but why bother when it's really right here.
4	This place is seafood heaven! They start you off with some of the best chips and salsa I have ever had! The salsa is obviously homemade and the chips were still warm. We ordered some drinks and a half dozen raw oysters to start. The oysters were OK, not the best I have ever had but by far not the worst. I ordered the Shrimp & Octopus in Garlic Sauce. It was to die for. The seafood was perfectly cooked. The beans and rice were some of the best I have ever had. I can't get over the beans! My dining companion ordered the Crab Stuffed Green Chilies. They were bursting with real crab, but she did hit a few pieces of shell. I am in love with this place. I will be back on a regular basis for sure!
3	We stopped in on a weekday for lunch. There was 5 of us and we were seated promptly. I was skeptical at first, mostly because I was not feeling like I wanted Mexican Seafood, but when I had the first sip of my Limonada (freshly prepared and refreshing) and dipped into the homemade chips and salsa, I knew all would be ok. It took me quite a while to choose from several options on the menu. Most of my lunch partners went for the baja fish tacos, another for the Camarones al mojo de ajo...or Garlic Shrimp. Two of us decided on the Camarones Rellenos (stuffed shrimp). Now when I think stuffed shrimp I think of my favorite stuffed shrimp at Papadeaux's, with lots of flavor. I was expecting the same here. When it arrived there were 6 large bacon wrapped shrimp on a small bed of french fries, accompanied by refried beans and rice. The rice and beans were very good, the filling in the bacon wrapped shrimp was very basic unseasoned Ricotta/Requeson, not like the jalapeno, garlic, with monterey jack cheese I have had at other places. It was admittedly bland. I added lime but decided against any of the bottled hot sauces on the table. I should have spooned over some of the salsa but hind sight 20/20.   The other diners with me enjoyed the fish tacos but mentioned they had had better, while the other with the Garlic Shrimp raved about that dish.  In all I would go back here to try any of their other dishes on their menu.
4	This time I have the Super Cocktail. It was soooo good! Filled with raw oysters and shrimp with clams, squid, octopus, shrimp and sea slugs. The large is huge, definitely big enough to share. This place is at the top of my list!
4	Outside looks grim, inside was clean, friendly and quite Mexican.In the shadow of the 51, easy to get to.  My wife and I visited a relative at nearby Good Samaritan Hospital, it was a very convenient location.We had jumbo shrimp stuffed with cheese and wrapped in bacon (12.50) and Shrimp & Fish fillet in Garlic Sauce (13).  Both came with salad, rice, refried beans and french fries, all on the same platter.  The fillet was fresh, cooked to perfection and delicious.  We had warm tortillas on the side.  Flan for desert, dense, sweet and filled with the tiny holes I always look for in home made flan.  Good lemonade (not too sweet) (2) and a can of soda (1.50) rounded out a filling and gratifying meal.  We will certainly return to try more of their extensive menu!
5	Wow. What can I write about Bahia San Carlos... well, let's start with it is "off the hook" delicious! I tell everyone I know that if they are going to Phoenix this should be the first stop. I order the Marinated Filet - their house specialty. Why? Well, because it is their house specialty! The flavors in this dish are incredible. It is spicy (don't be a hater if you can't handle the heat) and is served on a bed of super hot french fries. I asked why once and was told that the french fries keep the fish hot while you eat it... they are right because it is wonderful. Rice and beans are top notch. Fresh tortillas (you choose corn or flour). Amazing. The have incredible cerviche. All of their "cocktail" related items are delicious (not the "sippy" kind, the "shrimpy" kind) Something to drink? It wasn't until I went with a friend that speaks Spanish at dinner time that I learned they serve Michelados. They basically pour the cerveza of your choice into a spicy, wonderful mixture of wonderfulness. When I took my first sip I remained tentative but then fell in love. Just when I thought it couldn't get any better! Service is exceptional. They remember me even when I come back after a year. And, they always ask about a coworker who I used to come in with a few years ago. I don't say this about a lot of places but San Carlos Bay is on my top 10 spots in the world. Yes, it is a darn good piece of fish! DO NOT be fooled by the location or the look of this place. Just park behind and go on in. And, order the Marinated Filet.
5	This little place is AWESOME!Nuff said.But, if you really want to know...My fiance and I went here on a sleepy Sunday night when we were too tired to cook anything...and darnit if Costco wasn't closed to pick up a pizza, so we headed over to 16th street to see what new place we could find.  We were first given a bowl of chips and salsa.  The salsa looked like a mix between red and green salsa, and since I have a weird aversion to green salsa, I hesitantly tried it.  It was delicious, as were the house-made chips.  We ate two bowls immediately because we couldn't stop.After asking the waitress what was best, my fiance decided on the spicy marinated fish, and I on the garlic shrimp.  Holy crap, it was delicious.  The garlic sauce for my shrimp covered everything, from the beans and rice to the secret fries beneath the shrimp (which magically didn't get soggy).  My fiance said his fish was the best he's ever had in America.  Mine also came with tortillas (I chose flour), and they were great, like the kind my mom bought from the "tortilla lady" back home.We were so full we couldn't move afterward, but I woke up in the morning craving the garlic sauce again...The place is small and quaintly decorated, like something you might find in a small town.  We saw lots of families and tables of friends come and go.  The best part is, you don't have to sit and awkwardly wait for your check.  You check out at the desk.I highly recommend this place for some great mariscos.  I don't know how it could have been any better.
5	I was kind of turned off when I pulled into the parking lot, but I decided to try this place after researching and it got amazing reviews on Yelp and other websites.  Although the outside is a little unappealing, the food was so so so good!  The salsa was very spicy, and tastey!  I would definately go back for some good Mexican seafood!
5	The shrimp cocktail served in a fresh coconut with the meat is just amazing.  Everything else was high quality and tasty.  The shrimp with garlic was excellent and all the dishes are generously sized.
2	Not sure if this is new, but its cash only. It would have been nice to know that before I drove to it, sat down, and was ready to order. The polite waitress told me where the nearest atm was but it wasn't a bank and I didn't feel like paying a fee to withdraw $ and then go back. Two people were in there eating by themselves at the peak of lunch hour. For what its worth, their food looked pretty good. Maybe I will try again when I happen to be in the neighborhood with cash. Just wanted to post this to give anyone the heads up to bring cash.
4	If you like FRESH seafood and also enjoy spending very little such as $25 for TWO DINNERS this might be a place for you! Small converted older Phoenix Ranch style house converted into a cheerful Seafood Restaurant that had live music when we were there, located among a row of row of other Mexican Restaurants. (that were rougher looking)We had the spicy marinated fish and the diablo shrimp.The Marinated Fish had essence of vegetable threw it and was cooked to perfection being very light moist but not falling apart also skinless , lacking fish taste meaning being sweet and fresh instead . The fish was topped with a spicy red sauce that was a perfect spice heat and topped with fancy cut lightly cooked celery for texture . This dish came with salad garnish , beans , rice , tortillas and the fish was elevated up on the plate by the use of fries .The diablo shrimp come with a similar set up but are topped with onions and the spice heat is more of a challenging 10 out of 10 instead of the expected heat of 7ish . (this dish had good flavor but is not for everyone)at the time of this review this is a cash only establishment but a sign is posted that they will except credit cards soon .We were Five Stars satisfied with meals and service , we'd return .
3	I was way excited to try this restaurant since it's so close to my house.  I just assumed it was one of those places that looked like a dive outside, but served up a piece of heaven inside.  Once I read the Yelp reviews, I was convinced I had made a sound real estate investment!Maybe my expectations/hopes were too high, but I thought it was just ok.   I liked the chips and salsa, and the service was friendly without being in your face.  We ordered a round of margaritas which tasted good, but were really weak in terms of the amount of tequila.  My father had the garlic shrimp and octopus which was really delicious--if I go back this is what I'd order--and I had the fish cuilichi was ok, just kinda heavy and not really something that got me excited.  The girly girl in me says, "not worth the calories!"I think I'll give it another try some time in the future--perhaps it was an off night.
4	What a charm San Carlos.Unpretentious - as though sitting in a restaurant somewhere deep in Mexico - this place has all the charm of, well, a shitty little restaurant deep in Mexico.But that's not why I love San Carlos.I eat here because of their inexpensive yet delicious food offerings.Let me put it another way,I recently dined at Ocean Club, ordering their seafood tower as an appetizer. It was in the three-hundred dollar range...for an appetizer. YIKES.At San Carlos you can get the same seafood platter, featuring every denizen of the deep for under thirty dollars!Clams, mussels, crab; both king and stone claws, snapper, cod, octopus, tilapia, and a host of other fish whose names escape me all served on an oval platter stacked four inches high.Two of us couldn't finish it.As I said, if you're looking for charm, forget it. Also, make sure you have a good car alarm as it's in a dodgy part of Phoenix. But it is Arizona, so no-one will be surprised if you dine with a heater on your hip.It also helps if you know a bit more Spanish other than; My name is Diego, would you let me sleep with me for twenty dollars?
4	Pretty authentic hole-in-the-wall Mexican seafood. Its loud, crowded, and a bit greasy, but the food and atmosphere keeps us coming back when we visit PHX.
5	Stopped here for a quick bite after flying into Phoenix and found this restaurant on Yelp.     The food was fantastic, I had a filet with a green chili-sour cream sauce which was wonderful, delicate and flavorful, I'd never seen or had anything like it in Denver.    My wife had a soup with very large pieces of shrimp, scallops and fish.     Great flavors and value.
5	Great service and awesome food!  Stopped in for a lil something before we checked into hotel.  Had bacon wrapped shrimp, fresh tortillas!  Great food, clean and very nice service! Must check this lil hole in the wall out!
2	I love mariscos, but i didnt love San Carlos Bay. To be fair, they are known for their caldos and I just ordered filete veracruzana....but still!!! my dining companion got the fish tacos, standard to be sure, but really below standard.We are regulars at Playa Hermosa, so we decided to try out San Carlos Bay, I wont waste you time on a comparison, just know that all my dislikes about San Carlos Bay do not exist at Playa Hermosa.Service was decent, food just ok, and unless you are over 60 and white - you may stand out.Avoid this establishment and head around the corner for a better atmosphere, way better food and a decent ROA.
5	Best Mexican Mariscos  in AZ!! Not only does the food taste good but they are clean too!!! I only eat at places that are issued a clean bill of health and this is one of them unlike the others out there. The food, WOW! If you want to feel like your sitting in front of the Sea of Cortez without actually going you come here... Coconut shrimp cocktail as good as it gets.... I have been going here for the past 7 years and will keep going back... Almost everything is great... I would skip the French Fries on the dishes since they are not so good and i don't expect them to be at a Mexican seafood place.
4	Seriously good. If you're passing this way, staying by sky harbor you need stop here. The tacos pescada were tasty filling authentically prepared and worth the find. Second best reason for coming to AZ
5	Best fish tacos I had in AZ! Workers were really nice and the food was really good.
5	The food, service and establishment are great   Its my all time Mexican Seafood Restaurant in Phoenix.  I went with a party of 8 and all ordered different dishes they were all exceptionally delicious. We tried  Must try the Camarones Culichis (Shrimp in green sauce topped with jack melted green cheese) Botana de Mariscos (Fresh Seafood served cold), Tortitos de Camaron (Great as an appetizer) and Enchiladas de Camaraon ... ALL were very good ... served with ice cold beers.  We will be back next week to try the new menu!
5	I absolutely love San Carlos Bay!I tried almost all of their menu and my favorites are the culichi, devil shrimp,  shrimp, octopus and scallops cocktail and the crab meat tostadas! Yumm Fresh fresh seafood! Real taste of Mexico
4	Been here a few times and never disappointed.  The green cheesy shrimp dish was phenomenal.
5	Great authentic sea food. Need to try it once. Won't be disappointed. Recommend the 7 seas cocktail and shrimp fajitas.
4	Traditional Mexican style seafood wish they would explained or give more detail on the menu pf what entailed.   Had the Mexican octopus but I had to ask the waiter what Mexican octopus was. Food was delicious service was good appetizers and great moderately priced
5	Been coming for years and they never disappoint!! Makes me feel like I'm back in Rocky Point at the fish market. Must try and they now accept cards, which is great for me since I never have cash!!
