2	If you are around the age of fourteen this is a fun place, but not so much for the older folks.  If you are The Big Lebowski type (league bowler) then find a smaller venue to do your thing.  They have midnight black-light bowling here and my nephew loves to come here with his friends.  It is a safe environment with security, so don't fret.
4	after being turned away from the firing range, my friend and i decided the next best thing to firing high-powered handguns was bowling, right?anyway, the lanes were pretty empty save for a few kids who seemed to be skipping school, but that just gave us first pick of the lanes.pretty much your typical generic modern lanes, but everything was clean, and the employees nice.i personally did not bowl well, but i won't hold AMC accountable for that.
1	My little sister is in a bowling league and she happened to win a pizza party for 6 at this AMF. It included 2 hours of bowling, shoe rentals, a pizza, and pitcher of soda. Pretty damn good for a 10 year old! So it was all free, thankfully.....otherwise I probably would have left, and I know I will never return as a paying customer. Arriving at 5 on a Saturday it was an in between time in the day, most lanes empty, a lot of employees all over the place seeming to be getting ready for a busy night. First impression was good, place was very clean.Finding my little sister, my wife and I proceeded to the counter to pick up our rental shoes! We stood at the counter while 4 employees, and what I assume was a manager were all behind the counter. The manager seemed to be loosing it a little, actually yelling at 2 employees, while the other 2 employees behind the counter ignored us. So I stood there and watched some girl get torn a new one. One of the most unprofessional things anyone in an authority position can do is belittle an employee in front of customers. The manager then stopped to breathe in between yelling and noticed us standing there. He grabbed us our shoes very quickly and we were on our way.Got to the lane, got our shoes on, names in the machine, we were ready to get going! But as we were about to start an employee hooked up a machine to our lane to oil it. I understand maintenance but we were literally standing there about to start a game. The employee then unplugs the machine and just walks away. Acting the whole time that we were not even there. After waiting about 5 min, my wife goes up to the counter to see if she can get someone to remove this machine so we can play!!!!!The same angry manager sees her standing in line, looks down at our lane, and runs off to get someone to get the machine off our lane! AT this point I am getting super aggravated, my lil sis is so excited to have won this game, and invited us, and now we have to deal with this! Finally someone comes over to remove the machine, take his sweet time standing on our lane while wrapping up a 50ft cord, at his leisure. And finally waddles off so we can play. The rest of the night went ok, except that there seemed to be a pizza pan shortage, as they tried taking our pizza away from us 3 times, while people were actively eating it. That and it took about 20 min for my wife to get a lemonade after she ordered it from the bar. Long story short, i'm not coming back, and I recommend you find another spot if you are looking for some family fun run by competent management. .
3	Recently went here for my niece and nephew's birthday party.  I like that they separate out the kiddie parties from the rest of the population.  They take place in a back room (not THAT kind of back room) and they play a bunch of music and turn on those neon light things.  The monitors are pretty cool.  Both of the birthday kids had their name and pictures on display throughout the party.  I was definitely shocked when I went to grab a few sodas.  The prices were just like a movie theater.  I believe I paid around $5 for a large, and $4 for a medium.  There were 2 hostesses with this particular party (depends on size). One was MIA and the other tried as best as she could to compensate.  Each b-day child got a bowling pin which was covered in writing by the hostess.  She wrote a message and left her name on it.  No offense but I'd rather have the other kids write on it.  I doubt my niece and nephew will remember their hostess but they will remember their childhood friends!Parking is ample and there are some good weekday specials.  Not a bad place to bowl, but nothing spectacular blew me away.
2	If the nicest thing you can find to say about a place is that the bathrooms are clean, I guess that is what I am going with.You never really want to judge a place unless you have been there a few times.  I have been here enough to say I get the idea.  You bowl by the game here, for two games and four shoe rentals you are looking at $60 bucks.  I think that is a bit outrageous.  At George Pappas the same request is $36 bucks (including shoes!!!)  They have bumper bowling but it is by lane instead of by person.  So if you have a six yr old with you who wants bumpers you ALL have to have bumpers.  George Pappas has lanes where the bumpers pop up when that person plays only - much more convenient.  Also AMF doesnt have a jukebox.  There is muzak playing off in the distance....blah.  I want to bowl and hear music and drink beer!  Speaking of drinking beer, their bartender on Saturdays doesnt come in until 5pm.  WHAT!  Yes normal people do drink beer at 1pm on a Saturday while they bowl.  Why do they make you feel like you are nuts to even ask?  My cute boyfriend charmed the waitress into 'going outside of her normal duties' and giving us a freaking pitcher of beer.  To their credit they did it but boy they looked at us like we are nuts.When we have gone the place has been pretty empty and I can see why.  We will head over to George Pappas from now on - they know how to do bowling right.
3	The place is fine for how many times we go bowling. I was however roped into buying the $29.95 Summer Pack where 4 people over the age of 16 bowl two games per day for free and any additional games for that day are $1.50. Considering my kids get to bowl for free, I figured the $$ was worth it for me and my Hubby or random friend that I will be dragging along.  Shoes are not included. Hey they have to make their money somehow and yes if one person needs the bumper guards then we all have to play with them. I was a little annoyed by this but today my opinion changed. Boy I'm a really BAD bowler.Thank you bumper guards, you saved me from total embarrassment.We did not eat there but I did get my kids 2 small drinks. The total was $5,17. I can see where you can drop some serious cash for just one night of bowling, especially once the beer starts flowing. Yowza! At least the WiFi was free. All in all a good option this Summer for when my kids start complaining they are bored.
3	The two times I've been to this bowling alley I have found the staff attentive and the manager lovely.  I read a review stating the contrary, so either they have changed their ways, or I'm just lucky.  This place has everything you would expect: decent pub-style food, arcade, and many lanes to choose from.  The price may seem steep, but they always have a great deal here and there, so make sure to look into it or ask an employee.  During the summer I know they have a program for kids that is very nearly free and offer different discounts.  For 5 bowlers (the deal is up to 6 people) we had a large pizza, pitcher of soda, shoes, and 2 lanes for 2 hours at the price of $75.  Not bad!
5	FUN, clean and friendly staff. Celebrating a 5th birthday for my sons friend, I was invited to AMF. Considering it was a group of cake and sugar rushed young boys I was prepared for a night of fun. I was pleasantly shocked when we arrived. Despite our 20 minute wait for a lane( which was expected on a Saturday after 6pm) I loved this place. Staff was friendly and very helpful.  Bathrooms were clean. Lots of bowling balls to choose from. Crowded but a kid friendly environment. They have a great choice in music which kept the boys dancing all night. NOTE: We ate before we came, but the food looked and smelled awesome. Ill try the wings next time.
1	The only thing good to say is there are a lot if lanes. We were ostracized to the back area where there are some lanes . I felt like I was bowling in a sanctuary. No music , no fun, and only a few people while the front was energizing and fun. Then we were told the cost. Wow! Has to be the highest in Charlotte! One game and shoes for almost $12. What a rip off! No electronic bumpers, no kids balls to be found, and when everything was over the screen went immediately to advertising and I didn't even get to see what we bowled . Poof , gone! Never again we will visit these lanes.
3	Pretty nice bowling alley.  Lots of lanes, but the good lanes are usually occupied by leagues.  The lanes in the back are not as well maintained. If you come on a league day/night, you will be bowling on these lanes.Prices are pretty standard...maybe slightly high.
1	Big place and in good shape. Horribly mismanaged.  The staff is incredibly slow and disinterested.  The day we were there, the line to get shoes/lanes was backed up 15 groups deep because of how slow the guy at the counter was.  Turns out, he was the General Manager.
