5	I've always been leary of these large chain dental offices but this place  has officially put my fears to rest. From the moment I walked in the door, I felt cared about. Of course this is a business and they need to make their money but I got the feeling that they really cared about my oral health. The office was squeaky clean, I think they would've passed the glove test, lol. Dr. Lagrone is awesome! Her assistant (can't remember her name) was very pleasant to deal with also. I needed a root canal and I was in soooo much pain, they got my plan together and immediately moved me back to get the work done. I was so relieved to be able to get things taken care of so quickly. The technology is this office is the bomb. com! None of those painful old school x-rays and they actually take real photos of your whole mouth. I will definitely continue to receive my dental care at this location.
4	Appointment was long but informative. I totally liked this facility and it's staff.
5	After having just had a very disappointing appointment from my dentist of 6 years, I was a little apprehensive about going to any other dentist perhaps even more so because this was one of the chains. As soon as you walk in though, you know this is a different type of dentist. Everyone was so friendly and takes the time and effort to make you feel comfortable and informed. I've never had a dentist walk through my treatment plan, explain everything and help me figure out what we should treat first based on affordability. Dr. Lagrone is one of a kind and although I'm not looking forward to my crowns, I am happy that I have such an amazing dentist doing my dental work from now on.
5	I went in to this office for a follow up on a tooth extraction, that another dentist did when i was out of town. I was in some pain and very worried.Turns out I had a dry socket and some jaw bone was exposed....OUCH!( I should mention that I had already exhausted my dental insurance benefits, so was a cash payer.)The entire process was amazing! From the person who set up the appointment (Sandra), to the doctor (Dr. Lagrone) and assitant (Mureena sp?). Everyone was unbelievingly kind, thoughtful and thorough. They all went above and beyond to help me and even missed part of their lunch time to do it. I could not have been any more pleasantly suprised. As if the above and beyond treatment I received, wasn't enough..... I was more than fairly charged and in fact, was quite suprised at how affordable their dental treatment was! I think I have found my new dentist and will recommend them whenever I have the opportunity to do so!
5	Dr. Loud (oral surgeon) took me in the day after an emergency evening call to make sure I was taken care of when I thought I had dry socket after a wisdom tooth extraction . As it turns out, I was being a big baby (as I possibly may be known to be on occasion) but he was very kind and helpful in explaining how it was food that I was unable to remove. Angie, his assistant, had me watch with a mirror so I could learn how to clean it out properly  (turns out I was being even more of a wuss in my cleaning efforts). She was very nice and politely laughed at my horror in how I was supposed to clean these things. Overall, I am very happy with them and the Cave Creek office where Dr. Loud's wife works as well. Great places.
1	My spouse walked in with a bright smile and their coupon for $29 new patient cleaning, X-rays, and exam and then the DDS in this practice concluded that she needed to spend $400 more --minimum -- for additional cleaning.  Oops there goes the bright smile.  Give us a break -- she goes for regular cleanings 2-3X a year and her teeth are fine.  Watch out for these guys -- there's a pungent aroma of bait and switch here. Maybe this guy skipped the ethics class in dental school.
2	I have to agree with Gregory A's review. This office is ALWAYS trying to sell me on something. My teeth are pretty straight but they keep calling me asking if I'm ready for my braces, and every time I go in they add on additional services that I don't need. I constantly have to remind them that I did x-rays the last time and don't need them again or some other crazy stuff. The office is nice and clean, the people are friendly, and the services have been high enough quality, but it freaks me out that they are more focused on selling me unnecessary services than simply keeping me healthy like doctors/dentists should be. I don't trust them to give me an honest assessment of my dental needs that's for sure.
5	So I had two wisdom teeth extracted with bone graphing done today with Dr. Cedric Loud and I have to say he's an AMAZING doctor. Very professional and I'm still on pain meds but have to say the best experience at a dentist I ever have had. Thanks bright dental
