5	I loved the movie reveal!!  FilmBar is already one of my favorite spots downtown and so this was a BONUS! It reminds me of my favorite Indie theater I used to go to all the time in college. Being able to see Wayne's World...a movie whose lines I used to have almost completely memorized...was EXCELLENT! I'm fairly certain almost all of us broke into song during Bohemian Rhapsody. Each time I've been to FilmBar I enjoy seeing the different local art pieces and sampling local brews. I really hope to be able to come to the rest of these secret Arizona films too. Thanks again for an awesome time Lindsey!
5	Great theatre with a retro feel. Grab a glass of beer, hit the food truck or grab a popcorn and enjoy the show! They have oldies, classics and indie films. This place is great. I don't want to reveal the movie, but let's just say it was EXCELLENT. I can't wait to go back! Thank you Lindsey D., Short Leash and a big thanks to FilmBar for hosting. What a great event!!
5	That was awesome!Show up, see some friends, have samples from Short Leash, order dinner from Short Leash, get a nice cold cider, see a movie. And what a fun surprise - Wayne's World! So many scenes brought back great memories - and a couple of great moments I'd completely forgotten about.I love the concept - show up and see a surprise movie - all we know is it was at least partially filmed in AZ.Lots of good guesses - lots of audience participation - LOTS of fun!Thank you FilmBar and Short Leash and Lindsey! A great evening out - and I can't wait to do it again!I'd never been to FilmBar before - and definitely look forward to heading back - what a great venue!  Always nice to see a movie I wouldn't get to see anywhere else - and a decent selection of wine and solid selection of beer to enjoy while watching the movie? SCORE! Several upcoming movies I'm looking forward to checking out here.
5	What a wonderful idea for a monthly film series at a wonderful local cinema. I was transported right back to NY and the original movie theaters of my childhood. Well, all except the fact this one has a bar, a cool lounge, and some great art hanging on the walls. lol. I had never been here before so was very happy to score an invite. My "Plus One friend" loves it here so she was raring to go. I adore the Roosevelt Row area so much so we added this to the really cool things to do in Downtown. Bonus points for eating at Trumpets Ale before the gig. Two new places in one night on Roosevelt Row spells awesomeness. We tried all day to guess which "surprise, locally filmed movie" they were going to show. I kept guessing "Raising Az" because it is the SunDevil in me. CG hates that one. We sparred all day. I crossed my fingers she wouldn't just walk out if they played that one. All her picks were awesome too! We hope to see any of them in the next few months as Yelp picks. Surprisingly, it was really exciting to go to a theater when you had no idea what movie was going to be shown until the credits started flowing. ( I see this as a new home movie party trend)  Az has a long history of movie magic and we had over 200 films to chose from. We were all on the edge of our seats. When the first words to pop up were "A Lorne Michaels Film" We heard a loud, "WOOP!" from some fellow Rowdy Yelpers.  I still did not know which SNL film it was until the title popped up. I was pretty surprised. I thought I knew most of the films on the local list but forgot about Wayne's World. Lol-- how funny. I relived some of my eighties college music days and definitely those hair band experiences growing up on Long Island listening to Metal/Rock groups like; Zebra, Alice Cooper, and Poison. (Just to name a few)  We had a great time tonight. We can not wait to go back. Coincidentally, I had just watched "World's End" last night. FilmBar is having a "Shaun of the Dead" party on the 25th. I think I heard something about a Zombie Pinata, and that dressing up party Shenanigans were predicted to ensue. Yes, please. Thanks Lindsey and Filmbar Gang for bringing back my "College, "EH-Hem," I mean "Ballroom-- Blitz" drama days.
5	Really enjoyed drinking wine and watching Wayne's World last night.  I can't wait to go and enjoy another movie at The FilmBar. It was comfortable and inviting and such a cool set-up!
5	WAYNE'S WORLD! WAYNE'S WORLD! Party time! Excellent!What a great movie choice for the first Yelp Secret Cinema! We laughed our butts off at Film Bar in a fun private showing of the 90s classic Wayne's World! The event was as casual as a Tuesday evening, but way more fun! We had dinner from Short Leash Dogs and a free drink on the house! I went for the chicken dog and added some of my favorite toppings and a sweet pear cider. Now, I was all set for the movie! Lindsey wouldn't tell us the movie before it started. Duh it was a secret! We sat in suspense for a minute, but when the opening credits started many Yelpers had a clue! It's funny, my plus one (Leigh C.) had NEVER seen Wayne's World before. She was just a tot when the movie was popular and it was hilarious to see a person watch Wayne's World for the first time! Good pick! Party on Yelp!
5	Fab concept:- Test out a new (well, new for me, as I hadn't been to Film Bar previously) independent cinema- Get your drink on with a generously gratis beer or wine of my choosing- Short Lease Hot Dogs oh-so-conveniently parked outside.  Plus....samples of their appetizers?  Heck to the yes!Add in the excitement and anticipation of not knowing what filmed-in-AZ movie was going to be shown, and you have a perfect weeknight event!Now that I know the movies don't actually have to be "based" in Arizona, i have some awesome ideas of what may be next.And not to mention some great Filmbar date ideas should my online dating attempts pan out :)Thanks Film Bar, Yelp, Short Lease and my fun fellow Yelpers for a great time!PS - Where do we get the post-movie trivia answers??
5	Wayne's World....Short Leash...at the FilmBar.  Need I say more?This was a great Tuesday night adventure.  Wayne's World took me waaaaaay back and I had not had my favorite Aiko with a chicken dog from Short Leash in ages!  Great Yelp coordinated outing as usual! Thanks Lindsey and the Yelp crew. Thanks Kelly A and his staff at the FilmBar.  This place it the bomb any day of the week. Thanks Brad and Kat and their Short Leash bunch for having your trailer available for the event.
4	Great Time!! Funny movie!! Loved going to the Film Bar for the first time! The tables so you can eat are fantastic!
5	This event was my favorite event in a long time. Lindsey did a fabulous job of setting all of this up and keeping the movie to be played completely hush hush. I absolutely love FilmBar. They always have a great beer and wine selection, wonderful staff, and a wacky selection of art film. The movie for the night was Wayne's World, one of my all-time favorites. So naturally I was beyond thrilled to have been invited. Had a super "Foxey" date, (Can you say that about a guy?) and a delicious dog from Short Leash, and a fabulous time. Thank you Lindsey, FilmBar, and Yelp for a fantastic evening! Party time, excellent!
5	What a horrible time yesterday... shYEAH - and monkeys might fly out of my butt!  As always, Lindsey's event went off without a hitch.  It was great to see a few fellow yelpers I knew, and a few more I had not yet met.  Immediately arrived to a drink ticket, Short Leash was outside (c'mon, they rock) and we were all kind of excited to watch a movie with one another.The previews were great, the service was great, and I was excited when the title came up - as it had been at least 20 years since I've seen Wayne's World!  I had forgotten how many hilarious lines / scenes were in it that I still quote today.  Bravo - what a great time and can't wait for the next one!p.s. this was my first time visiting Film Bar - and I will most definitely be back, I love the vibe there and they show some pretty sick cult classic type movies there.  Plus, the beer selection is better than you'd expect for a movie theater!
5	I'm the luckiest man alive!  They played one of my favorite movies of all times Wayne's World.  Even though I had watched it just a couple weeks ago it was cool seeing it on the big screen again.  The event was also very cool, a great way to experience Film Bar if you'd never been before or if like me you'd never watched a movie there.  I can't wait to see what the next movie in this series is!
5	Wayne's World! Party on! Shwing!!!Awesome Tuesday night with Wayne's World movie at FilmBar, drinking the tasty beer, and hot dogs from Short Leash. That sample jalapeno pepper popper deep fried was pretty tasty too!So it seems we are gonna watch a lot of movies that were made in Arizona. Sounds like a good time! Let's bring on the dogs and beer again!Thanks to FilmBar for hosting, Short Leash for dishing out the food, and Lindsey for putting it together. She is the glue that binds us all! Haha. Woot woot!
5	This event was so top secret that we didn't know what movie was going to be played until the opening credits happened, the FilmBar was the place where this event happened. I have wanted to check out the FilmBar for a while now, so I was tickled pink to be picked for this event!  These events will feature films that had parts filmed in Arizona, pretty cool I say!The FilmBar is a great independent movie house, even got to preview a few movies they have coming out, looks like I will be coming back soon! FlimBar also has a beer on tap & wine too, along with normal movie snacks! Outside of FilmBar was Short Leash Dogs severing up some tasty bites for us to enjoy too! The movie we had the pleasure of seeing Wayne's World!! It's Wayne's World (Wayne's World, party time, excellent!) .  It was great seeing this flick with everyone, when we figured out it was Wayne's World we all laughed haha I haven't seen that movie since it 1st came out, I'm more of a Austin Powers kind of girl than Wayne's World, but don't tell Mike! Back in the day, that fashion was in, but seeing it on film made Rob Lowe (swoon oh rob lowe) look like he was in clothes too big for him.  What you don't think Wayne's World was filmed in AZ? Well parts where filmed in Mesa & Scottsdale Arizona! Too sweet!  Thank you Short Leash Dogs, FilmBar for having us & Thank you Lindsey & Rachel! Another perfectly fun event forsure!
5	This event was one of the most fun events I've been to.  The suspense was killing me for weeks trying to guess what the movie would be.  But no matter what I tried neither Lindsey or the film bar staff would even give a hint. I used to have a great movies and beers place in Salt Lake City where you could curl up on a couch in the back or share a table with some friends have some dinner and drinks while watching a movie.  Film bar is the closest I've been able to get to that here so it was awesome that Short Leash Dogs were on site to provide some tasty food to compliment your beer/wine choice.  Really made me miss home a little less. Thanks Lindsey for hosting a wonderful movie event.  I am so looking forward to next month's movie.
5	What an awesome way to going to the movie and not know what it is until you get there.  After all there are a lot of movies that were made in Arizona.  When we got there we had Short leash for dinner and a glass of wine or beer. Then we all went into the movie theater to watch the secret movie and the movie was Wayne's World.  I have not seen this movie in years.  It was fun watching Wayne's World again.  Thank you Lindsay and Film bar for an awesome evening at the movies.
5	First off, I wanna say thank you to Lindsey for putting together such a fun event! We sadly had to cancel last minute for the last one because we had family obligations, but I'm SO glad we got to make this one!Short Leash Dogs was in the house serving up yummy deliciousness. They have a standard menu or you can make your own. There are so many choices! Different types of "dogs", a plethora of toppings...holy Moses!Film Bar has a number of beers on tap and a few wines as well. I was looking for a white since it was so hot out but alas I could not find one sweet enough for my palate. BUT I did find a Pinot Noir that was light and fruity = happiness!I loved the mystery of not finding out what movie is playing until it starts. I guess Lindsey did it different this time and had a "quiz" with hints to see who could figure out what movie it would be. So much fun! The movie this month was Raising Arizona. I had never seen it before nor even knew what it was about but it turned out to be really funny! 80's funny, but still funny :-P I can't wait to come to the next event! (Hopefully )
5	Another great time at the August showing of "Raising Arizona." How much fun is this place? Thanks Lindsey.
5	Such a great night of delicious food, friendly yelpers, and a fun movie! Thanks, Lindsey for organizing another amazing Yelp event!! Nothing like a Short Leash hot dog, popcorn/candy, and free drinks to make for a perfect mid-week date night. We even wandered around downtown afterwards and discovered a new (to us) place for coffee and dessert (Carly's). So happy we made it on the list!
5	What a cool place this is and what a great event Lindsey and YELP hosted.  Thank you.The night started by going to see a "secret" movie who's name we didn't find out until it began (Raising Arizona), eating a great tasting Brat from The Short Leash Dog Food Truck and having my first drink from the bar compliments of YELP.  Oh, I can't forget the goodie back filled with cool stuff too!Very cool theatre, good projection, good sound, comfortable seats and a great group of YELPERS!All this made for a great event!Thanks
5	I hate to rub it in for those who didn't attend this event, but this event was fabulous! You can't really go wrong with beer, candy, and movies. On top of that, they had Short Leash in their lot and we were able to bring the hotdogs into the theatre, which was a win. Once inside, we got our drinks from the extremely friendly and personable woman at the counter. She even kept my tab open for me so I could easily go get a second drink. The movie for this event was Raising Arizona, which is a classic. We had a great time at this event, loved Film Bar (so cute, I can't believe I hadn't been before!), and can't wait to come back! Thank you Lindsey for a wonderful night!
5	It was my first time at the FilmBar and what a way to see a show. First stop was in the parking lot at the ShortLeash Food truck another first time for me! So many good choices,I went with the  Spicy Beer Hot, Lady style of course!Curled up in a pita(no buns here) and topped with fried pickle slices, smothered in chipotle cream cheese, Oh it was tasty but hold the onions please...a lady has to breathe! Once inside we received a beverage ticket,I chose a refreshing Peach Ale, the perfect pairing to my meal and another first for me! The Secret Movie of the evening was Raising Arizona. What a better way to watch it than surrounded by some of my favorite Yelp Peeps,YelpCorn bags filled with candy, and seeing it on the big screen was a lot funnier than I'd remembered watching it back in the day on TV. Thank you to Lindsey, ShortLeash, and to the FilmBar, it was a fabulous event filled with a lot of firsts, but it definitely won't be my last!P.S. When you're in Cenpho come prepared to pay for those meters,thanks to those 2 lovely ladies who shared their change & to the City of Phoenix for only giving me a warning!
5	My first time at Film bar and I will definitely be back.  The event was a success and I enjoyed the yelp perks.  Lindsey does a great job greeting everyone as they walk into the door.  The setup was great and the atmosphere was awesome.  I loved the small trivia questions in the beginning and whoever turned them in first with the right answers won free tickets to Film bar!  A bag of candy to start the movie and I had never seen Raising Arizona.  The event was great and Short Dog Leash provided the dinner.  At $6 a dog you can't beat the great taste and service.Thanks Lindsey!
5	I can't think of a better way to get to know a little more about the state of Arizona! With a little tasting of one of their famous hot dog trucks, the Phoenix Yelp community and a movie filmed in Arizona!Such a great event that showcased Short Leash, a drink from the bar and a secret film announced just minutes before showing. It was a great treat, as I have never seen "Raising Arizona" before as it seems like these films were released prior to my generation and I was probably still swaddled at the time. Nonetheless, the film didn't fail to entertain and bring out the knee slaps and laughs from everyone watching.As for Short Leash, I got the Spicy Beer Hot sausage with "Lady" toppings (fried pickles, carmelized onions and chipotle cream cheese) wrapped in a naan/flatbread. First time trying anything like this and typically not a fan of hot dogs or sausages, but this was seriously so, so good! Worth the $6 in my book! Along with the comped drink at FilmBar I grabbed a Four Peaks Peach Ale, lightly fragrant with peaches and light- it was great with my Short Leash choice. The little Yelp popcorn bags filled with candy and Yelp swag, was also another small great Yelp touch!Many thanks for FilmBar for providing a great venue to show "Raising Arizona", Yelp and Lindsey for putting on a great event!
5	This is my first FilmBar experience, thanks to Yelp, CM Lindsey, and FilmBar for this great event. We do not know the movie until we get there and the movies were made from Arizona.Short Leash Dogs Food Truck was there to provide dinner then we get a treat from FilmBar choice of either wine or beer. As soon as we get in the theater a bag of candy was given as well. Then we had the trivia questions and whoever turned them in first with the correct answer will win a pair of free tickets to the FilmBar. Raising Arizona was the movie, I have not seen it before and it was funny and I enjoyed it.
5	What a fun night! Delicious hot dogs from Short Leash Dogs, a great movie (Raising Arizona), and you can't beat Film Bar! Thanks Yelp!
5	Thanks to Yelp for my first FilmBar experience.  The secret movie was Raising Arizona....a Nicolas Cage classic.  I want to say that FilmBar is a lot bigger than it looks on the outside.  They have a bar, a great waiting area and the movie room.  Short Leash provided their delicious menu.  Along with our dogs, we were treated to a drink courtesy of Yelp.  I loved being able to watch an Arizona classic with my fellow Yelpers.  Thank you Lindsey, Yelp, FilmBar, and Short Leash for a fantastic night.  I can't wait for the next Secret Cinema.  I'm keeping my fingers crossed for Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure.
5	Had a great time tonight at Yelp's Secret Cinema!  Thanks so much Lindsey and FilmBar for hosting us.  We'd spent some time researching possible "filmed in Arizona" movies and our guesses were Star Wars or Casablanca.  Boy were we wrong.  FilmBar treated us with a blast back to the 80s with "Just Another Guy."  I can't believe that this level of cheese was considered standard in movies from the 80s; some of the older Yelpers may remember the days, but this movie was actually made before I was born (and I'm pretty un-cultured), so it's pretty foreign to me.  Absolutely love it.Good beer, tasty movie popcorn, and even better company.  Can't wait for the next Made In Arizona event!
5	"My life changed after Just One of the Guys. People stopped looking at my face and looked at my chest instead." - Joyce HyserNow I see what all the fuss is about! Thanks Lindsey and Film Bar for giving me a second chance to appreciate the humor, highlights, and styles that I just didn't pick up on when I was two and this Made In Arizona(tm) insta-classic hit the theaters. Plus a drink --- BRAVO!Such a fun event and, as a new Elite, a good chance to visit with the other attendees. Really looking forward to the next one.
5	Had an awesome weekday night at Filmbar!  The venue is causal, artsy, and unique.  We enjoyed Short Leash dogs before the movie (which was a first), a drink on the house, and popcorn with the movie.  We were surprised to see "Just One of the Guys" as the "Arizona" movie that was chosen.  We'd never seen it, but absoutely enjoyed this blast from the past.Overall, great yelp event!  Hopefully we can attend the next one!
5	This was my first time at Filmbar, I have been wanting to come and was on my bookmarks for over a year.  This was a fun event, I loved being able to chat with fellow yelpers and then enjoy an old movie.  It was so funny to watch again an old 80's movie.  Great acting, I guess that is why we never heard of them again.  It was a lot of fun to comment on some of the lines.  What a great and inventive event.  Short Leash truck was outside offering their yummy goods.  It was good to know they offered their dogs "naked" since I'm on a no carb diet right now.Thank you Lindsey and the staff at Filmbar for having us over to enjoy a night full of entertainment..
5	What a fun idea for an event. I love watching older movies from my younger years up on the big screen. And getting to do it while drinking a beer? Even better!
4	This was my first event here in Phoenix and I must say that it was a pretty good time! The cinema/bar combo was an awesome idea and I hope to come back and watch a show sometime. The movie itself was some crazy 80's movie that I'd never heard of and frankly was not half bad! The hotdogs provided out front by Short Leash were also pretty good and very creatively flavored/dressed. I look forward to exploring more of that the Phoenix area has to offer and meeting more Yeeps up here!Thank you Lindsey!
4	Films! Films! Films! Three Secret Cinemas are now under my belt and they have all been great! Not Academy Award winners, but great fun and entertaining on a large screen. How did I not know these films were "made in Arizona"?1. Wayne's World2. Just One of the Guys3. Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure4. What do you think this one will be? Shssh . . .it's a secret. Can you guess?Terrific idea for a Yelp Event and a great introduction to one of the hidden gems (well, not really hidden) in Phoenix - FilmBar.Thanks Lindsey! Check out their schedule of up coming films.
5	As a pretty big movie buff, I was hesitant to partake in the whole secret movie thing, but delving into the unknown is quite the adventure itself, so I decided to go for it. This was my first time visiting the FilmBar, but it was an easy find. I found metered parking on the street, so I initially parked there, fed the meter all of my coins, and went inside to get more change. The nice men inside informed me of their free parking lot adjacent to the north side of the building. I quickly re-parked.The event coordinator, Lindsey, greeted me immediately with a smile and a beverage ticket. I don't drink (I know, I know. Straight edge AND vegan? *eye-roll*), so I was going to decline the ticket until she told me I could use it for the non-alcoholic drinks as well. Yay!  I was also advised that outside food could be brought in. What?! I don't have to bring my airplane carry-on sized purse, sneakily filled with treats? Awesome!I'm normally an H2O girl, however, their selection of Orange Cream, Vanilla Cream, and Mexican Coke sodas gave me cause for extra thought.  I was schooled on what a Mexican Coke is - basically, a coke with natural cane sugar; none of that high fructose corn syrup stuff.  Sounds really cool. I ended up getting an Orange Cream, and it was yummy... AND free! I entered into the auditorium and was gifted with a surprise goodie bag. More awesomeness! I took an end seat and awaited my fate... What is it going to be? Will I hate it? The anticipation was strangling my sense of composure. Then, it was revealed: Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure. I hadn't seen that movie since I was a pre-teen! All those gushy Tiger Beat/ Teen Bop emotions, which I hoarded for Keanu, came rushing back, and for about 90 minutes, I was blissfully 12 years old again. Thank you, Lindsey, for a most excellent event and nostalgic evening! Party on dudes! \m/
4	Fun concept, but I now know I am not one for secret movie nights!  I think going in knowing that a movie might be one of three listed down might work for me, but definitely not secret cinema.  I just didn't enjoy watching "Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure."  I somehow missed it the first time it was released on screen, or perhaps I already thought it was so bad then that I had blocked it from memory, but the only scenes I recalled had to have been those included in trailer shots, or during 80s trivia.  Thank you Yelp for paying for my first taste of Woodchuck Pumpkin hard cider-- delicious stuff!  I'm keeping an eye out for it on drink menus from now on.**  The bar, off to one side, is cool.  The space can get pretty crowded, though, so I don't think I'd hang around that area.  Nice to order drinks from and just go directly into the cinema.  Again, thanks to Yelp for the Yelp grab bag of free candy, which I gave to a friend.  His son devoured the candy, or so I heard.It was a fun event, but not something I'd drive 45 minutes (construction and rush hour traffic) for again.  I was dreading that "Psycho" was going to be tonight's choice, and now I wished it was!  Heck, I'd have liked to see "The Green Mile" again...---12/04/14 UPDATE:  Found Woodchuck pumpkin hard cider at Bev Mo'.  I believe it was $9.99** for six- 12 oz bottles.  Woodchuck offers MANY hard cider varieties-- at least six, I'd maybe even say eight, or more!
