4	Located in the Cancun Resort, way way way off the strip.  It was a $25 cab ride from the Las Vegas Hilton.  I had a great massage, very soothing atmosphere, prices are reasonable.  Other than the distance from the strip, the only other issue I have is it is buried within the resort and I had to ask directions twice once through the lobby to find it.
2	So I had bought the groupon for a full body exfoliation, hour long facial and 90 minute massage. I have to say that the facial was the best part of the experience. That part was very relaxing. Although, the full body exfoliation was uncomfortable not only because it's sloughing off dead skin, but because I didn't feel comfortable with the person doing it. I've had massages by men before but for some reason I really didn't feel comfortable with this guy. Also the massage was super weird with wayyy too much flipping. Started on my back to have him rub oil on my stomach to then flip my on my front to then flip me on my back. Really weird.It was also not that easy to find. I had to go through the main lobby to then go outside and go to the building on the right and walk down the hallway with guest rooms to get to the small spa.
1	Super super disappointed.It's not really a "spa" it's just a small office that they put some massage chairs in and turned some nice music on for. They had us fill out some information like any other massage place but then instead of reading what we wrote down they just asked us the questions again... And then they didn't listen to my answer!I specifically asked her to focus on my hands and feet and she barely touched either spot. She pretty much just poked around my feet with one finger.  And hardly did anything to my hands.It was convenient since it was in the hotel we were staying in but I definitely wouldn't reccomend it.
1	As I waited for the staff to figure out how to redeem my gift card, I was forced to listen to their lamenting their very existence (the gift cards not the staff), as well as the existence of the abundance of deals offered by the spa's management. After twenty minutes of waiting I eventually got up and left. Their services may or may not be good, I will never know, but their customer service is not.
5	This place was fantastic! We had groupon discounts but I would have paid full price for my massage. The people were friendly and the massage with the paraffin wax add-on was so relaxing. Great place!!
2	First I have to say I have been here before and thought it was one of the better massages I have received. However that was not the case this time. The spa is small and is nothing more than a converted hotel room so the area is not super fancy. I filled out the form and had a casual conversation with my masseuse and the receptionist about my previous massage there and how I have a bad sciatica. Once in the room my masseuse never asked where I wanted to focus on or what to avoid. The massage itself was ok but she hit the bad spot on my back twice without even acknowledging it. Most of the time they will question my tenderness there and offer some suggestions but not this time. But the massage could have been worse because while I was having my mediocre massage my husband was next to me having the worst massage of his life. By the time his masseuse had coughed the third time over him I expected him to insist the massage ended. Needless to say this will be our last Hands on massage.
5	The office is small but  intimate and friendly, a nice relaxing step away from all the craziness on the strip. I had a massage and facial, both were awesome. The masseuse was Stacy, very attentive to my requests and I would recommend the therapeutic message. This was my second visit and I will be going back again!
4	It is a very small place, but the environment is well set for a therapeutic massage. The lady at the front seems like she doesn't enjoy her job that much. She didn't greet me upon entering, she just stared until I said hello. She doesn't seem that professional either. Aside from that the massage was good. The man who massaged me applied the right amount of pressure. It was very relaxing. I think the best part of my experience was the facial! I settled for a regular facial since it was my first time getting one and I must say that everything that was applied to my face smelt so good! All the creams were very smooth and they didn't irritate my skin at all (I have sensitive skin). Carol was the lady who did my facial and she is just so gentle. She really knows what she's doing and she's so friendly too! Anyway, I felt so relaxed and refreshed after 2 hours of being there. I would definitely come back.
