5	The Venetian Weddings Team helped to make our wedding day amazing! From the early planning stages thru the actual ceremony day they worked hard to make our day special. Our wedding planner Sage Beecher was amazing to work with. She is detailed, caring, & responsive. Our photography coordinator Crissy Fitzpatrick is incredibly knowledgeable & was a pleasure to work with. The videography & photography of the wedding were better than we could have ever hoped for & they will help us to share our special day with friends & family who could not attend as well as keeping the memories alive for years to come. Regardless of your budget, Venetian Weddings will make your day truly special! Thanks Again for Everything! Love, Kristin & John
5	I assume the Venetian has no reviews here because it needs no reviews here. Everyone knows how fancy schmancy this place is. God knows I can't afford it, but my friend and I were invited to stay there by a new friend we made while staying in Vegas at a different hotel (El Cortez, my next review).  We accepted...Holy crap. It's beautiful - and big, and fancy. Besides exorbitant prices, the only negative I can imagine is that you really can get lost in this place. Lose your friend, forget where you are and how to get back...We mostly hung at the pools. Many pools to choose from, but we soon discovered our favorite - the one where the low lounge chairs went in the pool so your butt sagged down in the water. Heaven! We had a little pool cocktail table, only a stone's throw from the outside bar (where drinks were about $12 for a mediocre slushy drink with not enough alcohol).  Add ipod with double earbuds, a really sunny warm day, and all we could say all day long was "This does not suck" Our mantra.The sandwich we ate for lunch was delicious and came with shoe-string fries. For $17, we split it - but who cares - back to the pool. The room was giant - a suite with a very big jacuzzi. There's not much more to say other than I hope some day I can stay there again and try to find faults!!!
3	For as expensive as it is, I expected something better.  It's very pretty and it's in a great location on the strip but for the price you pay for a room, I expected to be IMPRESSED and I wasn't.
5	Let me just say...WOW!! Our wedding day surpassed any and all expectations I had for it! I first visited the Venetian about five years ago, and while there, I spotted a bride and groom in one of the gondolas. The image stayed with me as one of the most romantic things I had ever seen - then a year ago I became engaged and knew immediately how and where I wanted to get married! I felt nothing short of a princess on our wedding day. The entire team at the Venetian - our wedding planner Rebecca Stebbins, the on-site planner Heather Curt, our minister Pastor Jack Williams, and both the videographer and photographer - were extremely professional and friendly! I was so nervous and excited before the ceremony started, and they really helped calm my nerves. As soon as I met them, I knew everything was going to go smoothly. Our wedding on the gondola was very intimate and special, and the video included in our package captured the ceremony and experience PERFECTLY. We were very happy that we were allowed to write our own vows - Pastor Jack worked around what we said to each other to create the perfect ceremony. My husband and I cry every time we watch the video, and it was so exciting to share the video with our friends! Although we chose to have our ceremony and day private with just the two of us, we also enjoyed feeling like celebrities for the day, as everyone who saw us getting married cheered for us! The icing on the cake was going to the Shania Twain concert after our wedding and being brought up on stage to meet Shania! (Sorry folks, this is not included in the wediding package.) ;-) Seriously though, my husband and I could not be happier with how our wedding day went, and we applaud the entire wedding staff at the Venetian for being the perfect complement to an absolutely breathtaking venue!! Bravo, and thank you for an unforgettable experience!!
1	Unbelievably unorganized for such a new and hyped up hotel. The place is extremely big and there were no easy directions to our room. There are conflicting signs throughout sending us in different directions. When we finally got to our room all 3 room cards weren't working so immediately sent us back down to the front desk to straighten it out as no one answered the phone.Billing was a hassle. We were 2 separate groups yet somehow the cost of both rooms ended up attached to one credit card. Should have been a simple fix yet took 45 minutes to check out because of this.The place is too big for its own good. The food court that has the less expensive shops are about a mile away from the Venetian. Cant eat 5 star every meal nor did we want to. After trying to find it on the map and walking forever we gave up starving and ate whatever was in front of us. Staff was friendly but place is unorganized.
3	I loved the size of the rooms and bathroom.  The beds were really comfortable and the property is centralized.   However my poor rating is based on inconvenience.   The keys to our rooms didn't work on the first attempt and at times it took up to 10 swipes to open the door.  I was also disappointed with the ventilation system in the casino. I am not a smoker and specifically chose a newer property hoping to not have to walk through a cloud of smoke in the hotel I was residing in.   I also noticed the lobby didn't have seating, which is important in any hotel.  My family had to stand in a corner after a long trip until I checked-in to the rooms we had reserved.
4	I always have a great experience when staying at the Venetian. The service is always great. Plus its a gorgeous hotel where all the rooms are suites. I love walking through the Grand Canal Shoppes and dining at their fine Italian restaurants. I am always sad when I am not staying at the Venetian. It is really one of the best!
1	The Venetian is extremely large and confusing to get around. You will need 2, maybe 3 elevators to get to your room. They charge alot of money and dont treat their guests well. I asked for ice and they never brought it up. I asked a second time and the woman said to get it myself.
5	The Venetian is a beautiful hotel located near to The Palazzo. Both are international five star hotels. Each offers many incredible restaurants and all rooms have amazing views, especially those in the Venezia Tower.
1	Soooo disappointed!! I stayed 2 nights at the belle suite for my bachlorette and it was a bad experience from day one. I don't even know where to start... 1. The service was horrible!! It took them almost 1 1/2 hours to bring us fresh towels and 35 minutes for more toilet paper, not to mention they only brought one roll for a group of people in a suite!!!! I had to go find a cleaning lady because it took to damn long. 2. Rude! Rude! Rude Security! My friend forgot her room key and she asked if he could page someone to let her up and he said "don't you see I'm dealing with more important stuff", as if the other guest was more important than her. 3. We had noooo signal for Internet at all and no phone service at all either 4. Our room keys kept getting inactivated so we had to walk EVERYTIME downstairs for replacement keys5. There was a puddle of water on the floor which made me almost fall!6. We checked out at 10:50 and asked for bell hop and he arrived at 11:45! I understand they are busy but really almost an hour for a bellhop!?I would have rather stayed at a motel 6 because I feel that it is the type of service I paid for. I will never stay there again. Beautiful interior but even the room didn't seem worth the price. I paid too much for a horrible hotel experience.
3	We were at the Venetian for an education conference.  It was our first trip to Las Vegas in over 10 years, so I wasn't really prepared for the crowds.  Our room was on the 33rd floor with a great view out over the Strip.  The room was excellent.  One TV in the bedroom area, another in the "living" area, and a third in the bathroom.  The WiFi worked well and the cost was included in the exorbitant "resort fee" that got added to the daily room charge.  The shower was strong and the A/C kept the room cool without being cranked up all the way.  All of the public areas were clean and well-kept.Because of the conference, lunch at the hotel was a challenge.  Everyone at the conference headed for lunch at the same time.  Not only were there long lines at every restaurant, including those at the food court but it was nearly impossible to walk against the tide of conference attendees as they made their way from the conference center to wherever they were headed.All in all, I'd give 3 1/2 stars.  Four would have been possible were it not for how confusing the layout is.  If you get lost, good luck finding your way back.  Not quite as confusing as the real Venice, but it gives Venice a run for its money!
4	So romantic and just a great ambiance environment upon check in the lobby is beautiful. They have a shopping area that resembles a blue sky on the ceiling. The rooms all look like suits there huge the bed is so comfy The service is quite nice no complains on my part. They have diffrent restaurants as well and the pool along with tao night club was nice.
5	So romantic and just a great ambiance environment upon check in the lobby is beautiful. They have a shopping area that resembles a blue sky on the ceiling. The rooms all look like suits there huge the bed is so comfyThe service is quite nice no complains on my part. They have diffrent restaurants as well and the pool along with tao night club was nice.
