5	Amazing service, talented staff, welcoming environment, and gorgeous products!  There is even a VIP room that allows you to book for private events, ect... It doesn't matter which artist you go to because everyone is extremely knowledgable and talented!  So you're in good hands no matter what!
5	Few weeks ago I was in Vegas and was in need of a full makeup revival.. I went to three different make up centers and each place could not accommodate me, and when booking an appointment, they all required a $75 minimum.  I went into NARS and they were so nice and classy, they had me sit down and asked me a series of questions on my skin care, and preferences. I left with over $200 worth of product, I am so impressed with each item and give this establishment and it's it's staff the highest rating I can possibly leave, five stars all the way!
5	Best experience. Made a natural look. The make up feels light. The artists know what they're doing. Would go back anytime and I'll be ordering on line.
5	As a HUGE makeup enthusiast/addict, this is now my go-to stop for Nars products as they're ALWAYS in stock with the stuff that I need. I went here last Friday hoping to find The Narsissist Eyeshadow Palette (limited edition)! I tried looking EVERYWHERE for this crazy expensive but MUST HAVE palette. I went to Sephora but no luck. Thank goodness that Nars has their own store on the Strip because my search ended here! They also carry the newest products on the line here first. So if you've got news that they have a new limited edition palette (or whatever), then you MUST head here first. The MUAs are super sweet here. Emma (I believe that was her name) helped me out. She also introduced me to my first high-end lipstick.. And probably the gateway drug to buying high-end lipstick as I did not believe in purchasing $$$ on lipsticks. She was definitely helpful and very kind!Great service, beautiful store, amazing products = I'll definitely be coming back in here!
5	I had the best experience here today!!! Amaya (sorry if I spelled your name wrong, honey) made me beautiful. I love him. He taught me how to contour my face and did the best eyeliner. He made me laugh and feel comfortable.  You cannot go wrong here. These products are AMAZING. There was no pressure to buy things, but come on... It's Nars. How can you not love these products?
