4	I had the pleasure of being the first person in the door at the Grand Opening today of this new Crazy Buffet, joined by friends Robyn N., Arlin B., & Mike C.This location is operated by the same folks as the Tempe location, but it's perhaps half the the size of the other one, & featured a generous, slightly smaller selection selection of 152 food items today, not counting sauces & dressings.  It's a pretty place & while it's not as awesome as the other one, they do have a Sushi & Mongolian BBQ here as well, & we all enjoyed our lunch & had a good time!Lunch Buffet $7.99/$7.19 Sr.
4	I had lunch here with fellow yelpers Robyn N.,Arlin B. and Rand H. and unlike Rand I thought the new crazy buffet was better than the other one.It is brand new with nice decor and the food choices were much tastier. They had BBQ beef ribs that tasted like they were soaked in pineapple orange juice (very good) also the crispy chicken,shrimp bisque,and Chinese pork that were also yummy. they had a good variety of sweets too. Chocolate covered strawberries as well as plain fresh strawberries,fresh kiwi which I have never seen before at a Chinese buffet. So if you like a good Chinese buffet the new Crazy Buffet is worth checking out.
1	With two 4-star reviews I thought I was in for a treat. There was lots of food, but none of it was fresh. I tried a few items and they were all old and luke-warm at best. Since none of the food looked good, I thought I would try the hibatchi grill. I piled up my plate with some food and looked around only to see no one available to grill my food. I placed my plate on the edge of the grill and wandered around for several minutes before someone finally came out. To make matters worse, the chef intended on giving me unflavored food with no self-serve sauces available. When I asked to have sauce on my grilled food he said that only soy sauce was available. None of the ingredients were quality (dark meat chicken and old veggies), and with no sauce, the dish was flavorless. I asked the waitress when hot, fresh food would be coming. She asked the manager, who was eating his dinner while doing something with his laptop, and she came back and mentioned that there's no specific time for fresh food to come out, but it would be coming in waves. I arrived at 4:15pm and left at 5:30pm, during which time trays sat empty and only the lo mein, pot stickers, fried rice and teriyaki chicken was replaced. I tried the new teriyaki chicken, but it tasted old and was also just luke-warm, almost like it had been cooked early in the morning and sitting in the back all day. After striking out on everything else, I tried some pizza. I literally spit out the only bite I took because it tasted like they used ketchup instead of pizza sauce. I ended up eating the only edible items on the buffet -- fruit and salad -- for dinner.
3	I used a 50% off coupon i got in the mail, it ended up costing me $6 for dinner. Being a big fan of Crazy Buffet Tempe, I was glad another location opened up closer to me..it has basically all the good choices, plus sushi and Mongo BBQ..but sadly NO CRABLEGS  It was worth $6   good at refilling the bins when i was there.
2	Honestly, pretty gross. The only reason I decided to eat here was getting a 50% off coupon in the mail. The meal wound up being about $6.Even at $6, I'd rather have eaten somewhere else. I wasn't going to go near the questionalbe seafood, ie: shrimp and raw oysters. The oysters looked like rubbery bits on ice but I decided to try the shrimp because how can you f* up shrimp? Well, they didn't taste right and were rubbery. They took forever to shell. The shells kept breaking off, and honestly they smelled fishy. I suppose if you're only into pre-made generic, faux asian fusion/buffet sub par Americanized Chinese style grossness, have fun! This is just the place! Our waitress was really nice, and we tipped her well! Other than that, yuck!
3	Another buffet. This one has a mix of Asian and American dishes. It was ok. Nothing really stands out, though there was prime rib in the dinner buffet. It was a little dry, but pretty good.The sushi was adequate.  They didn't have a chocolate dessert, though (I don't count pudding...I'm thinking cake, brownie, pie...not pudding).Except for the presence of self-serve prime rib and ham, this buffet is just another face in the crowd.  If it's convenient, it's fine.  But I wouldn't make a special trip to come here.Though they did tell me "no MSG", so that's a plus.We went as part of a large group.  They were happy to cordon off part of the restaurant for us, which also is a plus if you are bringing a group.
2	One of the reasons we like the Crazy Buffet Tempe location is because of the crab legs. We assumed this Crazy Buffet would have the crab legs as well. Nope. Big disappointment. We could have been OK with that if the rest of the buffet was excellent. Unfortunately, that was also not the case. While the inside was well-lit, and had plenty of seating, the selections were fairly meager and many of the items looked like they had been sitting there for hours, and this was a Saturday night! The food quality and selection is much better at their other location. The waitstaff were also less attentive to refilling drinks or picking up plates than at the other location. Although the location on Stapley was much closer for us, we will only be going to the Tempe Crazy Buffet in the future.
4	When I ran into this restaurant I thought it was a chain of the one in Tempe on Elliot.  I use to go to that one before they started putting too much pepper and spices in their dishes. They did have the best crab legs and green tea ice cream.  So when I came across the one in Mesa, I thought cool its close to me and lets see if they don't go crazy on the spices. I was glad to come across a coupon for 20% off the bill and their lunch and dinner prices were pretty normal. I decided to try the lunch buffet. The place was very clean, organized and food was fresh.  My waiter was great in bringing the water, I felt bad he had to make so many trips.  I found the food to be great, I loved the sushi area and the fruits were all clean and fresh.  They had more variety then some places and I found myself very full on just two plates of food.  I didn't know if they had crab legs at dinner, there was never any indication they do that.  I went back a few days later to show my sister, and everything was the same, only the waitress was very slow and it wasn't that busy when we went.  I had only two refills of water.   But the food was still good and the place was still clean, organized and fresh.
4	Just an update. I was happy to find out they now have crab legs.  They were great on restocking the legs and even kept some in another area for anyone who wanted colder legs.  At the tempe location the legs are always gone but here they were kept restocked so I was happy.  Sushi still good. Love the fruit area. Still enjoyable, the price is eh but for all the crab legs you want I guess its pretty decent.
4	I'm fat and I know what's good. This place is good. I've been to a lot of Chinese food places and this one is near the top of my list. Not sure about these other reviewers.ProsFast and friendly staffMongolian BBQ style grillWide selection of sushi (no complaints whatsoever)They have Tabasco!!Their is a wide variety of food on the buffet and everything I've had tasted great with the exception of two items listed below.ConsThe cheese wontons look like they've been squished or crushed.The duck tasted nasty but I think it's they way it's supposed to taste. My wife complained that there needs to be a wider selection of non seafood items, but she's dumb.The price is kinda high but in my option it's worth it.
4	After our upsetting visit to Sushiya last nite, we ended up here for dinner.  We had to find someplace fast since my daughter had to work the night shift and we had only 1.5 hours before she had to leave for work.  We wasted over an hour at that darn Sushiya restaurant.I have been to Crazy's on Priest many, many, many times.  This location is smaller and has better lighting.  And they had some things on the menu that the Priest location does not.  For the price, I think that this place is very good.  They have almost as many items on the menu as Pacific Seafood Buffet, but their pricing is $6 per head less.  My comments:  I loved their hot/sour soup.  I loved their Chinese pickled pigs feet.  I thought their short ribs were OK as was their steam flounder with ginger and onions.  I mentioned in a post of the Priest location that the Italian shrimp scampi and pasta dish was good and they had it here too -- my daughter loved it too and said she was pleasantly surprised that this dish was on a buffet menu and was very good.Comment of wifey and daughter:  Snow crab legs were smaller than Pacific Seafood, but tasted better since they were steamed and not boiled and left swimming in water like at Pacific Seafood.  The short ribs were more tender here and the pieces of meat were bigger.  Sushi selection here is not as good as Pacific, but for the price, who's complaining?  My wife said the deep fried blue point crabs were very good here.  So in conclusion, we will be back.  Very good value to price ratio.
2	My husband and myself have eaten here 3 times previously and found it pretty good overall so yesterday we found a coupon for $5.99 per person between 1pm-4pm so we decided to take our 15 yr old son after school..we didn't get there until 3:45 pm..we were shown a table and went to get our food and sat down to eat..about 15 mins later our son saw them putting crab legs out and went to get a plateful..I turned around and saw not 1, but 2 servers hurrying over to him..they then proceed to accompany him to us and ask..are you paying for dinner or using coupon..if not paying for dinner he cannot have crab legs...SERIOUSLY !!! our son was completely embarrassed and humiliated by this as other people in the restaurant were looking..and did not want to eat his food..this was his first visit to this restaurant..there were no signs nor were we asked when entering if we would be paying for dinner or the coupon price this is completely unacceptable to treat someones child in this matter..any other buffet we have gone to has never harassed us about paying extra if we happened to be there when the switch from lunch to dinner was being made...I'm sure they would not lose a crap load of money if my son had eaten the one plate of crab legs he had..we ended up paying 11.99 for him and used the coupon for us so he could have the crab legs he wanted to eat..oh and AFTER they harassed and embarrassed my son they put signs on all the dinner food saying "for DINNER CUSTOMERS ONLY " shame on you crazy buffet..you have lost us as customers and made our son leery of buffets...PRICELESS !!!
4	This is my favorite buffet over in the east valley.  Many buffets out there either don't have a wide variety, the food isn't very good, or they didn't have sushi.  However, this one broke the mold.  They had a very wide selection of various asian as well as some "american" food selections.  The sushi here was varied and very tasty.  The only issue that my fiance and I really ran into was having a limited selection of sushi went we would go there sometimes after 8:30 pm.  However, if you go earlier than that, you shouldn't run into a problem.  This buffet had frozen yogurt and I would highly suggest topping it with the popping boba.  Those boba were amazing and it takes you back to being a kid and eating pop rocks when they pop in your mouth.  The staff was always very friendly and the place was very clean.
5	Great place to eat.  Lots of variety.  6 tables of food.  There is everything from salad to chow Mein, rice, BBQ chicken, spicy chicken,  baked crab, sushi, crab legs, fruit, cookies, and Ice cream.  Very good food.  Good service.  Go for lunch.
1	Mehh..  Came in here to try their dinner buffet ($10) at around 7:30pm on a Thurs night to see it for myself.  I would be hard pressed to say I like anything that I tried - save for the steamed fish fillets that were never refilled - and I tried most of what they laid out. The vast majority of the choices were dried out/old, the Mongolian grill seemed risky at best, and the sushi bar was unmanned the entire time and had an unappetizing array of sushi that seemed as if it had been sitting out for some time.  A friendly employee caught me scooping around the empty tray of beef ribs and agreed to make a new batch to order. They came out within minutes, though much to my dismay there were cold spots in the meat! The beef/chicken skewers were all dried to jerky-level under the heat lamps. The scallop/crab seashells were unpalatable and I had to spit the sui mai into a napkin because it tasted funky.  Ended up trying my best to fill up on random bits of low-quality chicken entrees between having a waiter stare emotionless at me every time I thanked him for taking a plate from my table.  This location may have the potential for 2-3 stars on a great day but overall it could use a serious overhaul... Don't think I'll be ever coming back.
3	This is a typical "Chinese" buffet in my view.  However, I have to say that the food was good.  The thing about the words Chinese and buffet together is that I tend to associate it with the places that I have been to in the small town in Tennessee where I once lived.  Thank goodness this was not that.  The food here was actually good.  It was tasty.  It definitely changed my view of a "Chinese buffet".  Even my wife who is very picky about Chinese buffet's said the food was good.
4	found this place on yelp.com since it didn't show thru the app kinda weird !! staff is very friendly specially cashier/hostess Joey. Food is full of flavor depending what you get. Hot n' sour soup is the bomb!!! . i would've put 5 stars if they had more spicy food variety other than that i'll be back !!!!
4	= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =Sadly, this nice Crazy Buffet location is gone.     :-(
