5	Michelle is an absolute pleasure to work with she has a positive attitude and great sense of humor.  Never a dull awkward moment while getting your make-up done.  She takes her time, works hard  and is passionate about what she does!
5	My partner and I hired Michelle to be the makeup artist for our short film, Parallel Misdirection.  We got her contact information through another makeup artist who found she wouldn't be able to make it to the set.  Michelle agreed to work with us last minute, and I am so happy she did!  The shoot took place in Los Angeles over three days, with lots of fun costumes and sets that needed excellent, detailed makeup work done for all of the actors involved.  For one scene in particular, in which the characters attend a super hero party, we told her what we were looking for but gave her free reigns in detail and look.  She did fantastic with all of the party members, making each of their makeup jobs fit what we wanted and more.  Not only was Michelle professional in the work, but she was so much fun to have on set.  Always happy, ready to work, and she seemed to have fun working with the cast and crew.  I would definitely--and have!--recommend Michelle to do makeup on set.  I even follow her on Facebook to get updates of her work and see all of her latest creations!
5	I had a great experience working with Michelle Posasa. I hired her to do my bridal makeup for me and my bridal party. She over exceeded my expectations and made us all look flawless. It was a little hectic with 10 girls trying to get ready all at once and she helped keep us calm and never once rushed our makeup. Some girls even needed help finishing their hair and she was right there helping them. I defiantly recommend her! Great make up artist and very sweet and helpful
5	I hired Michelle for a wedding I was in. She arrived early, dressed professionally, and executed my makeup exactly how I asked. My makeup was amazing and for a great price.
1	Want to hire someone who bails out on you last minute about a week before your wedding ? Please go ahead and hire this business. I am surprised she has such high ratings.
