4	After cooking all week long and exhausted caring for my 8 mo GS all day (not that I mind), I wasn't in the mood to fix dinner. Hubby was all too pleased because he wanted to try the pizza at the recently opened storefront next to Albertson's. These are handmade, custom order pizzas that you take home to bake. All I could think of were those ones I used to order from the school kids selling them as fundraisers and they were horrible. Hubby said it was highly rated by Zagat. He also had a coupon so Daughter#1 and he drove down to place their order. There were about a half dozen patrons, all who appeared to be delighted with their selections - among them a family with hungry teenagers who were especially excited about their stuffed pizza which I was told was humongous.It did not take long for Hubby's pizza to be assembled. Since I don't like pepperoni, Hubby asked if he could order 1/2 Meat deLITE and half Veggie deLITE on the thin crust and was told that would not be a problem.  For 3 people, the large seemed to be more than sufficient. Upon paying, Hubby presented a $5 off coupon that he printed from the web. The young lady took a long look at the coupon and informed Hubby that it was not theirs. Apparently Hubby printed off a coupon from Fresh&Easy mistakenly thinking it was for Papa Murphy's. How he could do that I still don't understand, but the young lady told him to wait a second and she would talk to the manager. When she returned she said that they would honor it!!  Really? There was no reason that they needed to do that, but they did. What great public relations! After all, the pizza itself was still only $10 and now with a $5 coupon, it was crazy cheap!When Hubby and Daughter#1 brought the pizza home, I was skeptical that it would taste very good. It was sitting on a paper tray and I was just about to remove it and place it on a pizza stone, when they said it was supposed to be baked on the tray. After about 12 minutes, I looked at the pizza and checked out the crust and it was perfectly crispy. The veggie half consisted of a garlic sauce, fresh spinach, fresh mushrooms, and fresh Roma tomatoes. It was soooooo good. I could have eaten the whole half myself. The meat half was made with an herb tomato sauce, pepperoni, sausage and ground beef. It was not greasy and although I did not taste it, it quickly got devoured. Papa Murphy's I am excited that you are open for business because I am coming back!
3	I had a craving for pizza but I wanted something that wasn't going to absolutely kill my diet.  I had seen ads for Papa Murphy's deLITE pizzas so I decided to try one.  I called the location by my house to put in my order and the guy said it would be about 10 minutes.I got there pretty close to the 10 minute time frame and the girl was finishing it up when I walked in.  She finished up quickly and came over to take my payment.  After she slid my card she said there was an error on the machine that she didn't know what it meant so she grabbed someone from the back to take a look.  He came out and did something to fix it.  He brought the girl and another employee over to show them what it meant and how to fix it and kind of tossed me my receipt without really acknowledging me or anything.  I wasn't sure if I was done or not so I waited for a minute but he contined with his demonstration so I just took my receipt and pizza and walked out.The pizza was delicious and I was happy it was done in a timely manner but I didn't appreciate being treated as an afterthought to a cash register demonstration when all I wanted was just a "thank you" or "have a nice day."  I don't think that's too much to ask for.
2	This place opened up literally walking distance from me, so I figured what the hell, I will give it a shot.First off, the whole "take and bake" concept.....2 things:1: Assembling a pizza is the easy part-heating up your kitchen and baking it for 30-45 minutes is the pain in the ass, and the whole scenario I attempt to avoid by not making pizza myself. Just saying...and B: If I am going to come over there and pick up a pizza, just to lug it home and THEN spend time and electricity cooking it, it better be a lot tastier than the various frozen pizzas at the supermarket next door.It's not. Now personally, I think the entire concept is flawed, because a good pizza needs to be cooked at the higher heat provided by a pizza oven, not the 375-400 I can muster in my Kenmore. It's not BAD pizza, by any means, and actually better than the worst of the crap pizza conglomerates (they know who they are), but absent the coupon, it would be more than I wanna pay for what I'm gonna get.
2	UPDATE: I want to note that the owner, Dennis, who posted his comment on my review, was genuinely concerned enough about my less than stellar experience to message me and offer me a complimentary pizza.I thanked him for the follow up, but I declined. I don't want a free pizza.I didn't pop in once, catch them on a bad day, then crucify them with a knee-jerk review.  I had been there several times on various days and at various times before I came to my conclusion and wrote a review. And my commentary speaks more to the entire concept than to the specific shortcoming of this particular chain or location. Other locations don't do it any better or worse...to their credit, I guess? I don't want a free pizza.  It won't change my mind.I am not an unhappy customer-I just didn't like the food. It happens.I stand by with "Meh, I've experienced better"Because I have.But props to Dennis for understanding that you can't make everyone happy, but you should at least try. Real class act.No matter what #1 Zagat, now part of the Google monolith, says.Cause based on sales, Pizza Hut is #1, and you literally couldn't PAY ME enough to eat that...expletive deleted.
4	My boyfriend had brought a PM pizza home once a few months ago, and I was pretty impressed, so I decided to pick it up one evening after work when I didn't feel like cooking. It's a nice, small little store, and the guy at the register was patient with me as I figured out how to order. I got a pepperoni pizza with cheesy bread for about $12.  For the price, I think it's a pretty good deal. I definitely want to go back and try some of the other pizzas they have.
4	So i am sort of a snob when it comes to pizza. I'm guilty of judging places because I am not a fan of pizza Hut and other like places but I recently got some coupons in the mail for Papa Murphy's and decided what the heck, I will give it a shot. I called in before I left work and they were ready for pick up when I got over there. i got a specialty stuffed one for my boo and got myself a veggie thin crust and even got some free cookie dough!! The gentleman that helped me on the phone and when i went it was very helpful and make my first experience just delightful. It was a nice change just to get home and throw something in the oven and have dinner be done. The pizzas came out better than I expected and my boyfriend even said the next morning that his pizza was really good and would def order from Papa M's again. That comment coming from him says a lot, since he is a bigger pizza snob then I am!Super convenient, super tasty, super affordable.SCORE X3 !
4	This location is pretty friendly and I've never had to wait more than 5 minutes for my pizza. It is a take it and bake it yourself place so I do wish it was slightly cheaper since you are doing most of the work but they always have coupons everywhere! Just check online before you go or check the in the mail. They often have coupons there too.
5	So the new mesa location really good customer service great service, clean, really great priced and best of all the pizza... I thought it was weird at first they make I bake but honestly fast like lil Caesars and made like subway idea was great.
5	Take and Bake pizza makes sense! It tastes great, is supremely fresh and is a ton cheaper! Papa Murphy's offers custom toppings, vegetarian options and good old fashioned combinations! The staff at this location is fresh, fun & friendly. Whether you call your order in or come to order in person - the wait time is usually under 10 minutes. Ask for a punch card - after so many orders you get a free pizza. 5 stars for solid service and selection! Let Papa Murphy's do the cooking for you tonight!
5	Amazing service. Pizza was fantastic but the employees really made it. I will almost never go to another pizza establishment just because of the two girls working today. I believe the cashiers name was Teri, she made the experience for us. If she's not a manager, she deserves to be. Thanks again! We'll be back soon!
