3	Not too shabby for an all-you-can-eat sushi restaurant, especially in Montreal. Definitely a step closer to good sushi when compared to Kanda Sushi, which is also in the area. The nigiri sushi is decent but not too much of a variety. (Still trying to figure out what oily fish is?!?) The sushi pizza was strange, yet interesting. The maki rolls were decent, and the non-sushi items were just as you would expect from a buffet. We went for lunch, which was around $16 per person including taxes. I believe dinner is a bit steeper. We stayed for around two hours to try and take advantage of the deal, and realized the service was spotty. They either took our orders right away or took forever to retrieve our next one. Would go back for the lunch prices, but will still continue to tackle Montreal's plethora of sushi places.
1	Worst all you can eat sushi bar in Montreal ...The foot was good but the service not.We spent 3 hours in the restaurant and we didn't eat all we could but more how they could manage to deliver ... and lets say that was far from enough. They had like 50 tables and only 3 waiters ... 30$ for that! I hope in the future they will manage to improve the service.
2	Been there 8 -10 times! Good quality sushi for all-you-can-eat but extremely rude waiters!
2	If you want cheap all-you-can-eat sushi for lunch, this place is alright. It gets pricey for dinner and it's not really worth it.The service on the other hand, is horrendous. After being seated and giving our order to the waiter, we had to ask 3 times to get wasabi and ginger. We ordered from the all you can eat menu a couple of times and each time, almost half the order was "forgotten." We were there for over an hour, and not once did we have a waiter come ask us if we wanted anything to drink or if we wanted to order more. Each time, even for more tea, we had to flag down one of the frantic waiters.Finally we asked for the bill and again, had to ask a couple of times before it came. Since sushi places seem to be fairly common in downtown Montreal, I wouldn't bother coming back to this place.
4	Want to stuff your face full of a good range of different Japanese dishes? Then this is the place for you! I've been a few times for lunch and have always been satisfied. It's only about $15. This place is much better than Kanda as they have a wide variety of dishes to choose from. While most reviews say the service is poor, I have always found the service to be excellent. The staff are generally friendly and very efficient. No sooner have you taken off the paper from your chopsticks then a waiter comes to remove it from your table. Water glasses were never empty and dishes were promptly cleared from the table. I've only ever had one dish forgotten, which was a random ice cream order along with sushi. Speaking of the ice cream, I love the green tea ice cream!
4	Great all you can eat restaurant. Much better than Kanda and Odaki. You can get all you can eat sushi lunch for about 17 with tax and tip. The sushi is great, but for those who aren't big sushi fans this restaurant also has tons of other menu options such as several great chicken and steak options and some great soups and rice dishes. Everyone should definitely get the dragon eye roll! It is deep fried and comes with a spicy mayo sauce on top. Delicious! Another one of my favorites is the salmon sushi. The quality of salmon is very good and I can eat about 8 of them on my own. This is a great place to go to with friends--especially if you are very hungry. However, you need to make sure you give yourself enough time since the service is a bit slow. I have been to this restaurant at least 15-20 times and every time I go into the city I always go back.
2	Amazing food, but terrible service. Their miso soup is made completely different than how other sushi places make it. I was served a big bowl of soup with huge cubes of tofu, mushrooms, green onions and shredded lettuce, and some vermicelli. I'm not sure if Tokyo Sushi's way is authentic,but it sure was good. The rolls were quite really tasty, too. They make delicious dynamite rolls for sure. The service was pretty bad. No one ever came over to my table to do anything. After waiting forever, I finally had to call someone over to take my order. They also forgot to give me my drink and I had to ask again. After I got my food and ate, I waited over 20 minutes for my bill to come. I had to ask for that, too! They even took a while to give me my change.I guess if I'm not in a rush, I'd go back again. I can overlook the bad service because the food was so good. By the way, this place is cash only.
2	Gah - Tokyo Sushi is such a frustrating restaurant. One day the food is great and the service is amazing. The next day, it's the worst restaurant and service in town. I hate the inconsistency but you get what you pay for I guess?? I try to avoid coming here as much as possible, but sometimes when a craving for sushi kicks in, it's just convenient to walk over and deal with the surprising service of the day!
1	My friend and I had the all you can eat dinner and it was horrible! The service was bad but the food was especially bad. We first got the same three appetizers; miso soup, sea weed salad and green salad. All awful! The miso soup would have been fine but the spoons were extremely dirty, with old dried up food stuck onto the spoon. The server did not apologize and just said it was because of the miso soup. The sea weed came with a bit of protein; fruit flies were flying around them. Furthermore, the green salad had nothing to it.The sushi itself was okay. However, the shrimp tempura and dumplings were cold. The ramen was worse than Mr. Noodles and the mussels were nasty. Lastly, the service was a bit slow with refilling water and getting the bill. The best part was the green tea and mango ice cream.
2	When I want to experience some yelling and real attitude, this is my no1 choice. The food is okay but some of the serveur(se) have some serious problems.
5	had the regular grilled chicken plate combo!! chicken portion was amazing and great quality!!
3	Great selection of sushi and all you can eat.  You have to order more to get your money's worth bc its ALL YOU CAN EAT but do not over order.  I always get the hot sake bc it helps me eat more and I get a bit tipsy!  I always get the green tea ice cream for dessert and sometimes 2 for me.
1	Bad service and bad sushi. Never going back. Also the wasabi is really strong so go easy on it and the vegetarian tempura roll was really weird tasting. It wasn't crunchy at all. It was mushy and bland.
3	nice little restaurant. good food! espcially their dragon roll. Only thing to be warned, cash only. come prepared so you dont have to use the ATM there.
1	Should have expected less, but they didn't really have good sushi..They had photos of sushi in their menu and when I would point to it, they would say they didn't carry it.they pretty much use stock photos for their food, which I do not like. Why have a picture of something on your menu, if your restaurant does not carry it?They also don't take card and their atm was broken- so my friend had to walk down the street to get cash.We also kept having to ask for refills on our water. Might as well been self serve.
3	I used to frequent this place because they had student coupons for their "all you can eat" lunches. They would occasionally bring you things you didn't order, or forget to include some things that you did order, but the staff were always nice and the sushi always kept coming.Food:  8/10Service:  7/10Price:  8/10Atmosphere:  8/10
1	Horrible service. Waiter spilled something off of someone else's plate onto my clothes and blamed the wetness on the snow outside when I clearly watched the oil drip from his hands...After sitting down, I noticed that the plate at the table was not clean. Upon ordering, the Philadelphia rolls had so little cream cheese in it that it was basically non-existent. Most of it was rice.The salad was mushy as well.This place being cash only, I also had to spend extra $2.50 from the ATM.Not a good experience for me. 1/5
1	SUPER BAD SERVICE!!! Definitely destroy my appetite. With 'so so' sushi...  It doesn't worth your money!
1	the worse sushi place : food was cheap quality, service as bad of the food. they chared us almost 8$ more for the service already on the bill. for 2 people it was 70$ ! i will never pay that much to eat so cheap. to avoid absolutely.
1	Very bad service!!they charge you 15%tip even you're only one people,no respect,never go back this shit place again!
3	20 dollars for a all you can eat sushi restaurant, I wasn't used to it and I have to admit I was a bit scared.BUTOk the sushis/nigiri/sushi pizza (whaaaat?) were ok, not amazing but good, and for this price it was definitely worth it.Fast service, tips included in the final bill, not a great atmosphere (but not really a problem) I don't think you can expect much from this kind of place, but it certainly does the job.
1	My husband and I had food poisoning! A doctor friend tells me it was most certainly the sushi. Would give ZERO stars if I could. Automatic 15% tip to the bill even though we were only 3 people. Cash only ~ seriously?? If you want to pay $100 cash for food poisoning, go here.
4	I was there in late March on the weekend at around 5:00 for AYCE.  Food was fine, and service was fast.  Some portions were on the small side, so I just placed additional orders.  1 order didn't show up so I just re-ordered. Not sure why they made me pay before I got my meal, which seemed a bit odd to me.
3	Their sushi was good, not something very special but enough to help you fill in a hungry stomach. I recommend going here for lunch as the price is very reasonable. One bad thing about this place is that the menu does not have sashimi, which is bizarre for a sushi place IMO. Service is pretty quick.Just a warning: They don't take cards, so be prepare to bring in some cash!
1	Initially my friend took me here and I was okay with it. But the next few times I've went really changed my mind. The customer service is terrible - they were rude to my friends and I the moment they found out we weren't getting the buffet service. The sushi is okay...nothing spectacular. I also had a udon...and my stomach turned all night.. Not a nice experience. Let's say I will not be coming back, regardless how fair the price is.
1	Ya, don't even bother going here.I went there twice in all my years here in Montreal. Once with my family a few years back and we had a lot of attitude and bad service back then. So I never came back until this year.So I went there this year thinking the place might have changed but instead when I got there, I got led to my table to order but after a while, I noticed that I was getting ignored and the Asian people working there were only paying attention only to Asian customers and serving them it seems. That screams so much of xenophobic attitudes. Pitiful that the city of Montreal allow such establishments like this to stick around. I want to puke.I felt unwanted there and not to mention, payment is only done by cash there. Seems shady to me.
3	If you are really hungry, this is the spot. I mean you have to be so hungry to not worry about quality of food style hungry. If you want quality this is not a place I can recommend. I will say that the beef tataki is really good though. Other than that all dishes are very average and tend to be fatty.  Service is good and water is filled at all times.
1	Terrible terrible! Got takeout from there today and it was a disaster! Beef teriyaki bento had no soup or salad. shrimp tempura was the size of great peas and super dry! Rice was sticky and need not cooked at all! I also ordered kamikaze Roll and there were only 4 pieces! I couldn't finish any of the items on my plate, so gross. stay away!
