3	I am always eager to try out independent coffee shops. This is to do both with what they represent from the local area and what they add to it. When at a farmer's market, I can't help but want to try food that is raised locally. When at a pub, I am always drawn to the most interesting sounding and tasting drink brewed as local as possible. With this in mind, when I visit an independent coffee shop, I either want to try what THEY are known for (or what they want to be known for) and/or I feel like the atmosphere, decor and ambience should be something not offered at another shop or cafe nearby and should definitely be different than what I feel when walking into chain coffee shops and trying their universally accepted beverages. I discovered Coffee Angel because it is next to a few other locally established legends--- Blue Bear, Earthy, and Cuckoo's Bakery. Recently, with a few minutes to spare on our parking, the wife and I decided to stop in and get a hot drink before hitting the road back to Perth. The cafe looks appealing and chic from the outside. However, inside, it looks much like many other cafes, if even a bit worn around the edges. As a lover of all things chai, I decided to try the tempting Honey and Vanilla Chai Latte. As tempting as it sounded, it didn't actually live up to my expectations as it tasted more like honey and vanilla than anything like chai. We had to wait a bit longer as they initially made my wife's drink with milk rather than soya. I have to admit two things. 1) I have only visited Coffee Angel once and 2) I don't like coffee, but have an extraordinary affinity for other hot drinks. Bearing these two things in mind, I'm interested to try Coffee Angel again in the future because of one mediocre experience, which has left me undecided. And I would need to try something other than Honey and Vanilla Chai Latte, as well as sampling one of the baked goodies. But to be honest, considering it's neighbours, I'm not really sure when my next visit will actually be.
4	Coffee Angel is different from its neighbours on Brandon Terrace by virtue of not being a cafe (so no hot food).  That said, the drinks, cakes and paninis are all good and it's worth a visit if you're in the mood for something lighter.The coke floats and iced coffees are great on a summer day and plenty of space inside and on the street tables outside.
