4	Villagio is an Town-home community located a couple miles East of Arizona State University. Due to it's location it is a great place for Students and young professionals to live. As a Realtor and owner of Myriad Real Estate Group, I can say that it is a great place to invest in. If you are looking to buy and hold, or looking to own a quality rental property the demand is always high. It's also a great place to invest in if your child is going to school, rather than paying for a rental.The great part about this location and all of North Tempe is every year there is an influx of new people who need a place to live. This has really assisted Villagio in retaining its desirability and value.  The community itself was built by DR Horton, a very reputable builder, in the mid 2000's. All the units are 2 or 3 bedrooms with private garages, as well as washer and dryers. The community is gated, with 3 different pools, the main one located near the main entrance, and it is a beautiful community with a strong HOA. I highly recommend this community.
1	Hey guys, remember the huge housing bubble in Phoenix that burst in 2007?  Remember all of the unsustainable crap that was built during that time?  If you want a case study on the type of crap that home builders could pull off during this ridiculous housing boom, look no further than Villagio.  This complex is terribad.  First off, this place has zero parking.  I mean it.  ZERO.  Maybe 4 parking spots for every 10 - 15 units.  Keep in mind these are 3 BR+ units.  For college students renting that means that 2 roommates get the garage parking spot and one hapless soul is left to find a spot on their own.  The builder knew there was going to be a shortage of parking.  There was no way this was a small oversight.  Built purely with profit in mind.  Screw the people living here, we can squeeze a few more dollars by building a couple more units!The walls are razor thin.  If you want to buy a 200K+ apartment then you have found your mecca!  Isn't hearing your neighbors so much fun?!Yeah sure tempe marketplace is close, but you still can't walk there. You have to own a car to live at this complex. Oh yeah, did I mention the parking issue?  The location is crap.  I feel bad for anyone who purchases here.  I wouldn't even rent here.  There are about a million better options in Tempe.  This place is a case study on how ridiculous the housing market was from 2005 - early 2008.
2	People dump their old cars here. One bronco has been parked very horribly and sitting in a guest spot for 3-4 months now. If you don't get here at a good time there will be no guest spots open. Don't park outside the place unless you want your car broken into...also lots of college students here who have parties...you do the math.
3	I love living here, the location really is great, close to freeways, Tempe marketplace and Mesa riverview! However, the parking here is just terrible! On the weekends when I get home around 10pm I sometimes have to park on the other side of the complex! Guests don't even want to come over and attempt to fight the parking situation on the weekends!
1	Villagio at Rio salado Tempe AZ. There is a guy by the name of Edward Aaron Smith who rents these apt. Warning do mot rent from him. He will not followup with your problem request and will give you a really hard time getting your deposit back. You can have hire your own professional cleaners but it is not good enough for Edward.  Edward has his own people that he wants to use to clean your place and pocket the deposit.  We request reciepts from his cleaners and had no luck. Edward is a snake.
1	Don't rent from Edward Aaron Smith. He was a nightmare.  When things go bad like the AC during summer it took him 4 days to respond, He will not refund your deposit, .He will find every excuse like dust on the base boards, pin holes etc. He is so dishonest. He needs to improve his people and management skills.
4	So im here today to write my first review. My boy Pauly Z and Sean live here, and its pretty chill. I've had about 10 jalepeno poppers, some cool ranch doritos, and about 10 beers. Nice little saturday.
5	Miss my old home! Best place to live! Gated community, security, and close to everything... The 101, 202 & 60. Tempe Marketplace, Mesa riverview and 10 minutes from Old Town Scottsdale!
3	The good: it's on the 101 and 202 so it's fast to get about anywhere. It's about a mile from marketplace for dining and shopping. And a mile from riverview for fast food and stores. The bad: it's extremely over priced considering the 10s of newer options available for less. Security minds it's own business but is basically useless except for notoriously booting people's cars and charging them 140 bucks on the spot.Other than that it depends on your landlord. The quality of all the condos in here are fantastic.
4	Only reason we've lived here for 3 years is because of the location, security, pool, 2 car garage + 1 parking permit. Now we have the brand new Chicago Cubs Spring Training facility across the street from us instead of a golf course. I'm pretty happy about that! Right next to Tempe Marketplace, Mesa Riverview, 101, 202 and the 60 highways. Very very convenient. Nicer in the summer too when all of the ASU students go home and the noise levels drop around the complex. Beautiful condos for reasonable price!
4	I stayed here while I was in town for Ironman Arizona. These places are awesome! Gated, spacious, well built, and great security. This complex is big and I found a lot of people running/walking to get their daily exercise. There are also multiple pools for residents to enjoy (not all of them have jacuzzi's, though)Villagio is right across the street from the Chicago Cub's training camp and conveniently located close to the marketplace. I would definitely consider renting here if I lived in the area and would definitely stay here again for my next visit!
