4	We wanted to try a local place in Henderson.  We saw this place on the way to Boulder Dam.  So we decided the next time we come out to Henderson we would take a look-see. It was 109 degrees this past weekend and we wanted a drink bad!  We walked to the door and it had a sign that said if you are coming in after hours you had to ring the bell.......we were there around 3 p.m so we swung open the big door and we mosey on in.  The place is small and dark.  There isn't more than 40-50 machines in the place.  Have a nice looking bar area.  The music was sort of loud but it was classic rock...my favorite.  We then looked around to see what machines to play.  We then noticed these machines that we never seen before.  They had numerous types of games on them and had the best, plush seats that went with them.  It just begged for you to kick back and play.    The pretty waitress with the long brown hair asked us if we ever played these machines..... "no" we said, she then gave us a quick lesson.......no more than 15 seconds....(they way I like it)  This machine had like 9 different KENO games...along with 2 different 20 card Keno.  It also had slots games and poker games.   My thing is Keno......2 different types of 20 card keno....I was in heaven.. The long hair waitress then asked if we wanted a drink......"yes"   She then comes by a little later and gives us these big drinks........."Nice"  They were big drinks for being casino drinks.  We all looked at each other with glee!  The only draw back was they were hand paid machines if you wanted to cash out......She was fast with the hand pay out though.    Looking forward to going here again.  We are thinking of making this one of our go-to places when we go to Henderson. :)
5	We've tried this place a couple more times since June.  They have a great staff here.  The handpay cashiers are also the peeps that get your drink orders.  The two lovely ladies with the long hair as well as the dude with the cute smile are the best and all are so sweet.    It's so nice to enjoy yourself someplace and forget about your worries and troubles.  This place is definitely a great place to relax when we play in Henderson. : )
2	I'm not a gambler but not having any luck in finding a place near my hotel to captivate me to give it a roll of the dice. I played it close to the chest and went to Stentson'sI tried the chicken parmesan after seeing the menu was limited after burgers (I simply was not in the mood for a burger, am I getting old?). The chicken parmesan was good but can't say it was 'yum yum for the tum tum' but it satisfied the hunger for the night.The service was OK when it comes to basic service, but my server was a bit on the quiet side but could be she saw no reason to turn on the charm for a guy who is so old, he isn't even interested in a burger.In fairness to Stentson's the choice of burgers and how they are prepared did sound appealing and am confident that if I was to bet on it I come away with at least 3 stars and perhaps I get some
2	I took my dad here for lunch. The food was alright. I had the spinach dip for lunch and I would never get it again, not even as an appetizer. The long island iced teas were premixed with a touch of coke and a touch of triple sec. My dad liked the wing and fry combo plate. I won't be returning. The service was great and polite, but really slow. There were only one other couple in the restaurant and the food took a while.
