4	Been here multiple times.  Service is excellent and they have a great selection of martinis.  Appetizer menu has lite options that are good for a group just relaxing and having a couple of drinks.
3	My wife and I made our first today after work. We really enjoyed the jazz ensemble and the decor! I feel as though that management left the bartender out there to fail. He was the ONLY one behind the bar with 17 orders and counting were stacking up!! We'll give this place another try in a few weeks to allow them to get the kinks out! It can be a really great spot to bring family and friends to! Much success!!
5	Nice location and they validate parking after 5pm and on Saturdays. They have an extensive martini menu and a good wine list. There are a limited number of appetizers, but I tried to the chicken spinach flat bread and the spinach dip which were really good. The night I went they had a Jazz band playing. Overall I would go back to Sydney's not sure if they offer any drink specials as our waitress didn't mention any and I didn't ask. The martini I had was 11 bucks but it was pretty big.
3	Interesting place we got there late and it was empty.The service from the staff was great, and it had a nice atmosphere. The space is huge but lacks the appropriate decor not enough furniture and needs help with designing.
5	Parking is available on the street and in the parking garage where Sydney's is located. As we entered the bar, we were greeted and seated immediately by the host staff. No wait. There are options for seating such as high tables, single bar area and sofas. Live jazz band was excellent. Large selection of martinis on the menu. There was also food and dessert menu. The presentation of the food was very nice. Wait staff was timely in checking back with us. Overall...great experience and ambience. I would recommend this bar to singles, couples and professionals. Dress code (from my perspective) is grown and sexy.
4	Nice new lil spot located downtown. It has free parking which is great for after our drinks and being downtown. The night we went they had both drink and appetizer specials. I'm all about a food special. I got spinach dip and a flatbread pizza. Between the two the flatbread pizza was the best. It was regular mozzarella and marinara pizza, cooked to perfection, not overdone. I also had a cosmopolitan drink special. It was very strong and sweet. Our waitress was extremely friendly and very personable, checking on us multiple times to see if we needed anything. The night that we went they had karaoke. Even though it wasn't extremely crowded a few people went up there which was nice. Even the restaurant manager got on the mic to do karaoke. I thought that was a nice touch to get the patrons involved. The location is a little bit out of the center of uptown, so I hope this is a spot that can stick around. They aren't open for lunch so that changes things a little, but I would go again for a ladies night or after work drinks.
2	Maybe 2.5 stars. I have experienced better from a martini/jazz bar. On a Saturday night, Sydney's was way understaffed. We sat (on the sofa's to the right of the entrance doors where there's a small partition/wall that keeps anyone sitting there from seeing the band) for a good 35 minutes before anyone came over to ask for our drink orders. I actually got up to go to the bar a couple of times (not being able to get the bartenders attention) to order a drink and get a menu. There was a waitress who walked by our group of 6 many times to a table behind us to service them without ever looking our way. We finally were able to order drinks and it took another 30 minutes to get our drinks. Martinis=juice with a splash of liquor so I always stick to my regular tonic. Can't speak to the specialty martinis personally but my guest noted that they were just "ok". I ordered the chicken quesadillas and they were actaully pretty good for whay they were. Two of my guest ordered a bottle of wine to split. After the wine was poured it was placed on the table. Isn't a bottle of wine/champagne usually kept chilled in a bucket? No big deal, our waitress Nicole was knowledgable about the wines and cocktails on the menu and that was a good thing. After we were asked if we wanted a second round of drink, we never saw our waitress again amd had to wait for a while to get our checks. The band was good, can't remember their name. Would I come back? Probably not.
2	Okay, I would have given more stars because of the ambiance of the venue and the Wednesday night jazz offering. However, they really need to get their communication together. When a customer points something out to you that was visible to all, it is not your place as a manager to argue with them nor make them feel less than. The manager Jeff was very condescending when I asked about reservations. If you don't like your job, then don't be there. At any rate, I like that they partnered with Jazz Diva events but if they can't keep up and be friendly to consumers, they something else needs to be done. It has also taken forever for me to get my food and drink. It's a great idea but it needs a lot of work. Especially in the customer service area.
3	Great place food us good drinks are excellent SERVICE IS SLOW.... be prepared to wait an hour for one drink .....:-(
2	They have a good space but I don't think their using it wisely... The food is okay for a bar but my martini was very good. Adding a bit more seating would be a good idea because when I went there was not enough seating for watching a band. May go back for an event but probably not on a regular basis.
3	I really, really want this bar to be successful. The interior is sexy and sophisticated with plenty of seating. The house band or soul singers are fantastic, some of the best I have heard in town. But the martinis and wine selection are not very good at all. It is in the title so folks are coming for that first and foremost.
3	Love the atmosphere, drinks, and food. The chicken quesadilla is delicious and the truffletini is my FAV! However, I wish there was more seating (tables and chairs) instead of those bulky couches. And as much as I love the live jazz bands, the music is entirely WAY TOO loud. The venue itself isn't particularly large, so there's really no need for the amps to be blasting because the musicians play their instruments so people can hear anyway. The speakers could definitely afford to be turned down a tad or two.
4	I finally found a cute live music venue in Charlotte!  I recently moved here from ATl and I could find live music any day of the week there with a nice crowd.  I've been once on a Wednesday where they had great wine specials and a live band.  You can't beat 1/2 off of a glass of wine!  I've also been on Saturdays a few times.  The band always sound great and the crowd was the type I prefer to hang with.  It was crowded, but not too crowded.  The hostess eventually found my party a table, which was very accomodating.  Everyone was always nice.  The drinks were above average and I've never had anything to eat to comment on the food.  The main need for improvement is more bartenders... especially during high peak hours like weekend nights.  We always had to wait a while for our drinks or everyone's drinks came out at different times when we ordered them at the same time.  Other than that, it was a great experience.  I'll definitely be back!
4	The first time I went to Sydney's was on a Wednesday after a Hornet's game around 10 pm. I entered into an attractive crowd both men and women with a great band performing! (Ladies, you should have seen these guys in the band!) um. The drinks were nice and strong and the service was prompt. I was pleasantly surprised as I've been in search of a grown and sexy environment since my recent relocation to Charlotte two months ago. So my husband I decided to visit Sydney's again on a Friday night and again it was a great night. Another great jazz band. Beautiful well dressed couples and lots of eye candy for the singles. You can't go wrong here. I believe they have a DJ that starts after the band around midnight.As far as food is concerned. Everything that came out looked pretty tasty. I only had the shrimp cocktail which could have been presented in a better manner but I am a snob when it comes to food presentation. Definitely check it out.
5	I love this place! The atmosphere is very soothing after a long day at work. The music is live and refreshing. The spinach flatbread is awesome and the Martinis are a must! You can't go wrong with the Sydney peach! The hostess and bartenders are so sweet!
5	Please add more seating or move to a larger space. I love this place. It has become one of my favorite places in Charlotte. My friends and I go once a week for sure. Love it. Also please add more food items.
5	I love this place!  I've been here a couple of times and I've had fun each time.  I order the same thing every time I go; apple martini - good and strong and the chicken quesadillas- very delicious!  The live music is always on point and they validate parking :-).  Great place to hang out with friends or for date night.
