4	This is a great Pizza Hut location!  On our first couple nights in Pittsburgh, my husband and I ordered from here online.  They delivered it to our hotel--the pizza was hot (and delicious, compared to most Pizza Hut locations), the delivery was quick, and the drivers were friendly.Now I'm sure there are better local pizza joints around, but we needed dinner and we needed it delivered--Pittsburgh streets are scary!  I would recommend this place to anyone in a similar situation, or Pizza Hut lovers near Shadyside...
4	Can a pizza have too much toppings? Holy bejesus these guys really piled it on my pie yesterday. The current carryout $10 any pizza ($2 for extra cheese or stuffed crust I found out) is a great bargain.I have to admit, the pepperoni lovers with Italian sausage and mushrooms pan pizza is too rich for me. I actually like bites of just cheese, sauce, and crust when I eat pizza. I am a big fan of the Papa John's down the street with the garlic dipping sauce, but if I am really hungry, this Pizza Hut is the deal.I ordered online by web because their iPad app didn't have the carryout deal or any other deals (click on deals and you get some message about everyday low pricing and no coupons needed #fail). It was piping hot when I got there to pick up 15 minutes later. Great counter service.Convenient parking lot behind the store. Carryout or delivery only. No seating.
1	I order from this location at least once a week. I've never had any problems with my orders but maybe that is because I order in the early afternoon and the location doesn't have such a ghetto staff working! Anyways I order the same things ever time so I know how my food should look and taste. For this order I ordered a meat lovers pizza. When I get the order as soon as I opened the box I knew it wasn't correct. A meat lovers should have ham, pepperoni, beef, italian sausage and bacon on it. It had 3 out of 5, on top of that I asked for extra sauce on the side and didn't get that either. So I called (The order was wrong and I had every right to. When you order and PAY for food to be made you expect it to be correct). The manager I spoke to, MIKE, was dismissive from the start. When i told him the pizza was missing topping like bacon, he then said the meat lover's pizza doesn't even come with bacon on it unless it is asked for (As I am looking at the website because it as up from me placing the order and on top of that I order it all the time. So he LIED and for no reason! Then he offered a credit. I thought that would be fine but then I began to eat the pizza... It was gooey and had a weird taste. Then when i peeled back the toppings it was RAW! Disgusting! I called back and again he didn't want to take responsibility for the employee who made or should I say rushed my pizza because at one point he was saying they were in a rush to leave (I placed my order at 9:35 so it wasn't like I ordered before closing) Then he said in a rude voice I can come pick up anther pizza. If I wanted to come there and could get there I wouldn't have had it delivered. And the guy was so ghetto I would not have trusted him to not do something nasty to my food. MIKE didn't speak with any type of professionalism for me to trust he would be professional enough to make me a new one. They should have a class on empathy and how to properly deal with complaints, and some training on how to follow directions when making a pizza!!! I usually wouldn't even bother to complain but I've work in the food service industry and there is no reason to treat anyone rudely or have a bad attitude. So thanks MIKE (If thats your name) the manager for ruining my appetite and night!
