5	This is the BEST pool and spa service in the Valley! I got their info from NPS, and gave the a call to get a quote on a new heater installation and salt water conversion as well as monthly service. His price was better than anyone elses, and he always kept us up to date on the installation schedule. We had a full backyard makeover and he worked with the other contractors to make sure his portion was completed on schedule. His work was great, and made sure he cleaned up after himself and explained how each of the systems worked. We did run into problems with another contractor doing work at the same and he went above and beyond to make sure it was taken care of. Such a great company to work with...they WILL give you the highest level of service available-- no questions asked.
1	I decided to give this company a chance and it ended up being a mistake. My pool filter is now broken and has an awful leak.  I was never briefed about this.  My water bill ended up being over $200.
5	I have been a customer for 4 months. I shopped around and after lots of calls and conversations, hired Dori's.  Christian and Amber own the company and do all the work.  They saved me from a HUGE algae stain in a brand new 20,000 gallon in-ground pool! Stupidly I thought I could take care of it-NOT!!! They came and in two weeks got the problem solved! Saved my butt!  They are extremely knowledgable both about water chemistry and pump/filter systems. They can fix anything and solve any problem.  They are honest, and care about their work.  They are very nice and will respond immediately to any "pool crisis"!  All of this for the most reasonable price around. They come every week and my pool is beautiful! By the way, Christian is a former US Marine and has served in the Gulf War. He is an American Hero! Needless to say, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND Dori's Pool Service!.
1	I was not pleased with this tiny pool cleaning company. I have since hired a better pool cleaning service that is very professional. It was a mistake giving these guys an opportunity.
1	If I could give these guys a zero I would! They are a TRAIN WRECK! After screwing up my pool on their first three service attempts, I decided to find someone else. It goes without saying they did not live up to anything they promised. AND GUESS WHAT? When I cancelled the service, they threatened to lien my property! Run far away from this mess! Could not have been more disappointed : (
5	They have been great for servicing our pool. Always on time and our pool stays clean. No issues. Very friendly and flexible. Helped cycle our pool pump when the timer failed while on vacation. I believe small businesses care more about customers than large. This is definitely the case with Doris.
1	Well if I could give them 0 stars I would .  If you want to safe yourself a problems please get someone else. If you have any question please contact me.
1	I would give zero stars if possible. After 4 Months of pool & spa service, both look worse than when they started. Terrible service all around. Disappointed.
