4	My wife and I have discovered  the best pizza/Italian restaurant in Union County. The pizza is exceptional. The chicken parm is put together with ingredients that will challenge your Italian grandmother. Even the basic meatball sub is delicious. Fantastic!The restaurant is sports bar oriented, but could easily be changed into an upscale dining venue. It's well worth your time.
5	Great food and super friendly staff!
4	Since my first review, my wife and I have been back several times. The quality of the food is only surpassed by the service we receive. Still a must try restaurant. Just so you will not think I have been bragging too much about this restaurant, I will say that the men's restroom could be updated. NO OFFENSE !
4	I have a history with La Strada. They were the only Italian restaurant that I was aware of (outside of The Open Kitchen) growing up in Charlotte in the 70's/early 80's  We were even family friends with the owners back then, my sister even worked as a waitress at one location. La Strada's lasagna and garlic rolls were so popular back in the day that even "Harry Teeters" used to sell them in their frozen food department.They've had many locations over the years but the growth of Charlotte and adopting "chain" Italian restaurants took it's toll on the business. There's only this location way out in B.F. Egypt and one in Lake Lure, which is a pretty long hike. I haven't been to one since they were in Pineville. That location actually had an awesome buffet at lunch but they no longer have it at this one. Don't let the "Monroe, NC" address fool you. It's just a zip code thingy. This place isn't too far from Indian Trail, so look it up on the map. We do have more than cows out this direction, ya'll.Now, I will not lie to you. Italian restaurants can be expensive. La Strada is no different, but you will be well fed. It cost $60 for the three of us, minus the tip.We started with an app called "Pizza Chips". Describing it as "pizza nachos" makes the best sense. They take pizza dough, slice it up and cook it up nice and brown. Topped it with melted cheeses and give you a marinara to dip it in. We were even given ranch to dip it in and I liked it better than the marinara. This app was $9 but you are given a huge amount and it was delicious. So huge, we wished we split an entree. A+ appetizer. It's a must have.We got the combination samplers for our entrees, You get choices of 2 or 3 item dishes. Combined we got lasagna (pretty good), meatball parmigiana (very good), chicken parmigiana (pretty good), cheese ravioli (pretty good), and manicotti (very good). These samplers also come with spaghetti on the plate and it's way too much food. Lots of cheese and sauce! Personally, I'd rather they leave off the spaghetti and just give you more portions of the other pastas. Their famous garlic rolls were still as great as I remembered them to be.Service was spot-on. The food took awhile but that's a good sign, knowing that everything is homemade and freshly made. Drinks were probably the least good thing (I didn't want to use the term "worst") but the food more than made up for it.Sweet tea wasn't very good and the fountain sodas weren't mixed properly between the syrup/carbonation mixture. The restaurant itself is on the small side. I wasn't big on their tiny tables. If we were to order one of the larger pizzas, I'm afraid it would take up the entire table even though they put a pizza rack on the table.I still want to go back for their Sicilian pizza, which I remember being one of the best pizzas I ate growing up. I'm hoping it's still the same and my now-older taste buds haven't changed that much.Also, they do have a cheaper lunch menu for those who want to stick their toe in the pool before doing a cannonball.Your pal,Walter
2	I can only speak for the pizza, but we found that the pie was nothing special.  They use canned vegetables, so the mushrooms were like rubber.  Service was good, but considering we were the only family there on a Monday evening, it was easy to keep tabs on our needs.  :)  It is rather pricey, so for the money, I don't think we will be back.
5	The 5 stars are for the food. Restaurant atmosphere will get 4 stars.Lisa and I enjoyed lunch again today. The food is consistently great and it's always good when the owner is the head chef. Richard and his wife, Phyllis, are the owners and make sure that you are happy and stuffed.On today's visit, Lisa and I were 2 of 5 patrons; until over 20 people came in together. Our and the only waitress working at this time, MEGAN handle the influx like a pro. She took orders and delivered without missing a step. She never got flustered. Kudos to her and the owners.I don't like very much, but, I do suggest that you try La Strada Pizza & Pasta for all your Italian cravings.
5	Well here I go again. I could just say "DITTO" to my last review.Today it was their meatball Stromboli and meatball parm. sub. Can't get any better. The owner operated restaurant is very consistent with their food quality. They are very generous with toppings and fillings. The service is second to none. Any better service would require the wait staff to hand feed me. My wife and I only ate half of our meal. So, we ordered a medium pepperoni and bacon pizza to go (along with what we couldn't eat at lunch) to go. Now, two more days of La Strada's at home. Oh! By the way, Their house made meat sauce is sold by the container and freezes well. Buy some to put on your own pasta.Now, I only wish they had a more diverse dessert menu. GO ITALIAN ** GO LA STRADA !!  ( had to do this ).
