4	We stayed here last year in December, and thought it was great! I can't get over the experience that Patricia had here with the GM and the hospitality suites; I can't comment on dealing with the GM but I will review our experience staying in the room here. We arrived and were able to check in right away, and we found our room to be clean and neat. With a huge flat screen over the desk and great decor, we were definitely happy. We had plenty of towels, clean sheets, and a comfortable bed. The breakfast in the morning downstairs was good, and they were undergoing some renovations at the time so I'm sure the ambiance is much better now, although it was fine then too. The service was great and the eggs were yummy. The only downside to our stay was that a company was throwing a huge party downstairs, so the place was flooded with loud partygoers who DID NOT sleep - and some of them were right next door to us. Music blaring, doors slamming, and loud conversations made for an almost sleepless night. We didn't do any complaining and just decided to fight through it. This of course could have happened at any resort, although I was suprised that no one came up to tell them to calm down. Looking back, and especially after reading Patricia's review, I wish we did call someone just to see how it was handled. Overall, though, a great experience.
4	A solid business hotel, very close to where I had to be for my meetings so i could not complain. The rooms have been upgraded so all the floral horror is gone -- nice bathroom fixtures, flat-screen TV, the works. The hallway carpet is still old-school so it might hurt your eyes early in the morning. My room plan included free internet access and free YMCA access which is located in the adjacent building. Overall, can't complain.
4	Hilton was my place of choice for this last visit to Charlotte & must say it was a pretty good stayInternal walkway directly led me to my office building - so major props for proximityStaff was super-nice & I *loved* the fact that when the "Do Not Disturb" sign was out - they honored it!!  I've had other hotels call me to ask if I realllllly didn't want maid service.....well I DID have the sign out there.....so props here too!!Rooms were big & well situated.  There was FREE Wifi!  Although sometimes it would cut out - depending on the time of day....maybe something to do w/ other traffic?Shower was a large walk-in w/ great water pressure.  Crabtree & Evelyn products ROCKBeds were comfy although their pillows were horrible - hence the 4 Stars.  It was the old 1 not enough but 2 too many syndrome so I didn't get a good night's sleepInstead got a neck ache which of course led to a headache.  But would consider staying here again in the future - there *must* be something to be done about the pillows.....I run into this a lot(SO Princess & the Pea I am, I am).....and regarding Jason E's note about purple - I LOVE the purple upgrade.  Gives it a soothing & imperial feel to the place.  You'll love it too!!  :-)
1	We live just outside of town, but have been using this hotel for years when we come to Charlotte for a night out and don't feel like driving back to the suburbs.  Had reservations on January 15th for their Park and Play promotion that included a room and valet parking.  Check in and most of our stay went well.  The actual room was nice as always.   We came in late Friday night/Saturday morning after valet service was gone, told to leave my keys at the front desk I thought my car would be taken care of.   When we went to check out after getting up Saturday, My car was still sitting where I left it overnight. I wish that was all I could complain about it, but this is where it really goes downhill.  The next week when their charge goes thru the bill is $50 more than what I signed for.   A quick call and complaint to customer service was supposed to resolve it.   They think they charged us for two cars instead of one and they'll take care of it.  We wait a few days without hearing a response and try again, my wife calls to ask about it and the girl taking calls at the Hotel is rude and won't even bother to listen to the whole story (cutting her off and talking down to her) .  We end up getting transferred to some call center in Texas and trying to explain the issue to them.  Needless to say, its a week later and they're still holding our money hostage, and we'll probably never stay in another Hilton because of this one experience.
2	I like the location of this hotel, but I have some gripes. Paying to park at hotels Uptown is to be expected; self parking at this hotel was $18.$9.95 for Internet access and after I connect to WiFi I noticed it was only 802.11b (slower than g); that was a disappointment.My room on deck 10 was smaller than I thought; but it was adequate. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was nice!I may try another hotel in the Uptown area next time or stay in Ayrsley again. Last year I stayed at the Hilton Garden in the Ayrsley area. (free parking, faster Internet and larger room)
4	Adjacent to everywhere I need to go so convenient location for work purposes. Rooms are clean, beds are comfy. Weird carpet in bright and odd color combinations.  GREAT gym partner with the nearby YMCA which is large full service classic gym. Walk to a great selection of nearby restaurants in Uptown. Best choice downtown.
1	No way would I stay here again... I travel a good bit and am usually Hilton loyal, but I'd stay at the Westin down the street next time.For a hotel that claims to have been recently renovated, there's much to be desired. The rooms feel old and not in a charming way - there are exposed wires all over the place. My room was also kind of dirty when I checked-in.As for room service, they were fast enough but they don't have many healthy options. As someone who doesn't eat meat, I appreciate when the hotel (or any place for that matter) is willing to work with you to concoct things and they were. Although, I think I just had good timing with calling on the late side.The hotel gym is one of those out sourced ones so it's a YMCA that's attached. I don't mind paying more for a nice hotel gym. However, they were charging $12 a day for access to the gym and pool and it was only open from 8am til 9pm.... what sort of working person can get into a gym during those hours? Ridiculous!
3	Like the hotel very disappointed with the reastraunt.  Long wait, never connected with us no menu...... Looked like they were overwhelmed
3	I was called to Charlotte on a business trip last week and I arrived on Sunday and was scheduled to return to San Francisco the following Sunday.   I decided to fly my wife and son along with me so I wouldn't have to be apart from them for a whole week.   Well, by the time Thursday rolled around, my wife and I decided to leave the Hilton on Friday and take a road trip before heading back to the airport on Sunday.   This decision was taken in no small part due to the accomodations at the Hilton Charlotte & Towers.The room, adequate enough if I'd been here on my own, left much to be desired with my wife and infant.    That's fine... After all, they're clearly a business hotel and it's not their job to cater to my family.   Still, it's very easy to develop cabin fever in the hotel room.So how about taking solace in the pool?    Well, it turns out my wife and son could go to the YMCA pool but it would cost $12 a day *and* my son would only be able to use it between something like 5 and 7 in the evening.   Are you fucking kidding me?!?Service was excellent and we got room service a couple of nights...   No complaints there.   The bar downstairs stocks Hendrick's Gin, so they deserve props for that.    Still, now that I can do a side-by-side comparison with the Omni, I'd pick the Omni next time if only because access to the pool is unfettered and I've come to realize you sure as hell better have access to a pool if you're in Charlotte in July or August (either that or get used to being indoors and sucking on the AC)
4	I used to live in Charlotte and worked uptown so I'd been in the Hilton Center City before but never as a guest. So this is rather weird to write...but I digress. I booked a room here due to a class in the hotel. Since I had dinner plans the first night with local friends, they gave me parking pass for my car which was convenient for the in-and-out. Check-in took a little longer than I have experienced at other places. The city's light rail runs adjacent to the hotel, so that's convenient if you need it. The room was great - a nice corner suite overlooking the NASCAR Hall of Fame. The bed slept like a dream and the bathroom was huge. And a NORMAL size hair dryer! Check-out time is noon, which worked out perfect for my class.
3	After living in Charlotte for 14 years, it is WEIRD to go there on business! But I have to on occasion now, and this Hilton is across the street from the office. The rooms and beds are comfy, and the room service is way overpriced. You can use the YMCA next door but for a fee I think. The parking is expensive, but that's Charlotte. This location has always been on target with early check-in without giving me a hard time. There are many ballrooms and other meeting rooms here for classes, etc. This Hilton can also email your bill for easier and paperless expense report filing. If you're visiting Charlotte for anything near uptown like a Panthers game, an event at the convention center, or on business for either of the banks, I recommend this location. The light rail has a stop downstairs in the back, and it's very convenient to the EpiCentre with its bowling alley, restaurants, movie theater, and other shopping.TIP: Take the light rail down one stop to the EpiCentre to get something to eat, or to bring it back to your room. Room service is way too expensive for not very much food.
2	I got a good deal on Priceline, but was disappointed that it cost extra to use the pool, internet and park. Ridiculous!Btw, The room was nice.
3	The room was nice and the hotel was clean but there was a lot of mechanical noise. $18 for parking is a bit much.
4	I had no issues with this hotel. Well I guess it does help when work is paying! The bed was comfortable but the blanket wasn't thick enough for me so I had to crank the heat up. The check-in process was fairly quick and the staff was friendly. I got randomly chosen as the Wells Fargo guest of the day. I'm not sure if it's because I'm an employee of the bank or what but I'll take it! It pretty much means  you get free water and fruit in your room and you get access to the little penthouse lounge on the top floor.I believe the location can be considered downtown/Financial District so there were restaurants near by, even a bowling alley! Not many places to go shopping though.
2	We arrived late and they sold our room, requiring us to move to another hotel, and then move back the next night. NOT COOL! We did however get comped breakfast for two nights, and the "continental" breakfast on the executive level was much better than I expected. Executive level aside, the gym has very limited hours and costs extra to use, and so does the internet. To me, that's a bit disappointing.
4	I've stayed at this particular hotel before. The rooms have always been hot, even with the thermostat as low as it will go (60) and the fan on high. Uncomfortably warm when you're trying to sleep.Other than that, they have spacious rooms, comfy beds (and extra pillows), spacious bathrooms, and fancy decor.
3	I stayed here quite a few times for work travels. This place is nice and the executive lounge happy hour is pretty sweet. With beverage and snacks, and free Internet.I like the bathrooms since it is marble flooring and have a nice vanity. I would stay here again especially with the complimentary YMCA membership during your stay.
4	Great room, appears to be completely renovated with minimal to no traces of the old.  Friendly front desk and room service staff.  Good location, there's a light rail stop right outside, but if you're a light sleeper, the sound of the trains might wake you.  Nice executive lounge, but staffed poorly.  The woman in charge of the lounge could have given me frostbite.  She was visibly annoyed to have to leave her internet browsing when a hotel guest would enter.  I'd definitely stay there again, but I'd probably grab my happy hour elsewhere, even if it isn't free.
3	If the food was any good, this would get an extra star.Basically, if you've stayed in one Hilton, you've stayed in them all.  The place was fine - the beds were comfy, the chairs were not.  The shower was swell, but the soapdish was mounted on a slant, forcing an unsexy bend-over every time I needed soap.  Lucky for me (or any hypothetical shower partner) I was showering alone.The staff was friendly, the food prices were ohmigod exorbitant. The gym was actually an attached YMCA, but it was a *nice* Y.  It's free for Hilton Honors members, as is the internet.  Otherwise, the gym is $8.00/day, and internet is $10.00.  Worth joining the honors program to get those free.There are cookies and some sort of kool-aid available in the lobby in the afternoons.
3	Now I can see why I was told to stay at the Westin...but heck, I didn't want to walk far to work.  First, when I first got the room, I kept hearing and noise, but didn't think anything of it.  Dropped off my stuff and headed to the office.  When I got back, the noise was still going...found out it was the toilet that wouldn't stop running.  OK, went downstairs to ask someone to fix it...then headed out to grab some food.  1-1.5 hrs later, came back and wasn't fixed.  Got ready to head to the YMCA and went back downstairs to remind them.  45 mins later, it was fixed.  Cool, right?  Not quite yet.  Found out that the toilet was leaking water...pool of water behind the toilet.  Called and had them come fix it.  Glad the guy was close by...didn't take long.One pro is that most check-ins are around 3pm.  I actually switched from the Hilton Garden to this Hilton super early one morning.  They let me check in at 8am.  =)
1	The day before my stay at this hotel, I received an email informing me that check in time would be later than usual.  Not a problem -- the problem was that the person who wrote the email exposed the email address of ALL of the guests who were scheduled to check in the next day.  When I called the corporate office to report this (after cancelling my reservation) I got the impression that they wanted to make amends by offering me a free room or a deal.  Are they kidding?  Some very serious employee training issues here.
1	Stunningly bad for a major chain hotel. Internet access costs $12 per day, and TV was not working the day I checked in. If you are a  business traveler, don't accept this overpriced mediocrity. Stay anywhere else.
1	This is the worst hotel room I have stayed in outside of a Third World country. I believe I was in a corner room 2028?  (I was so traumatized I have tried to block out the experience, so I may get the room number wrong.)The bathroom LOOKED beautiful, as it was clearly renovated in recent years.  However, the workmanship and functionality were unbelievably sub par. I stayed in this horrific room for a week.  I was working so much I simply dealt with it.1. Flooding shower: it had no bath, only a shower and my first night it flooded  forcing me to use every available towel.   The glass shower doors did not close properly, which did not help the problem.  When the handyman came to fix it, he pulled from the drain untold amounts of long red hair --the culprit. Despite this "fix," I was forced to use all the towels again and again because the nature of the shower was to flood, period.  Poor construction.2. Crooked soap holder: this was installed on a slant, so the soap slid off every time.3. Flooding sink faucet:  the faucet was too short and did not allow the water to properly project in to the sink, so if you did not run the water hard, it did not land in the sink.  Instead, it would simply dribble backwards and flood the counter, which, of course, it did. Very stressful, as I had to remind myself to run the water a certain way every time.4. Dirty sink after sink faucet fixed:  after the handyman came to "fix" the sink, he left it filthy.5. Bedside phone nonoperative for two days.6. Ordered breakfast and requested extra butter.  Exactly two pats of butter were provided.  Can you spare it?  Really?7. No cup of ice with order, despite the request.8. Two tiny garbage bins: each held about two bottles of water.  Not at all functional, despite being very attractive and modern bins.  Indeed, these bins were metaphors for that horrible room.9. No working heat: it would simply never come on. After my last FEW experiences with the handyman, I dare not call him back.10. A frozen TV channel: one TV channel was frozen for my entire week-long stay. The picture did not move.11. A TV channel with no sound: another TV channel had movement, but no sound during my entire week-long stay.12. Constant digital break up of picture and sound on all channels.The lobby was beautiful.  The room LOOKED beautiful, but I have never encountered such a shoddy bathroom renovation in a place of lodging.  The Hilton should be ashamed of itself.
4	Clean rooms, flat screen TV's with HD, room service until midnight and 5 minute walk from the Epic Center. I love the fact that you have access to the YMCA that's attached directly to the hotel. Awesome ammenities. Pool, weights, basketball and tons of cardiovascular equipment. I really liked this hotel. The only downfall is the hotel resturant. But, your so close to everything it makes up for it.
2	Location is nice, but it is the typical blah Hilton - stay in one, stay in them all! Walls are thin and you can hear what is going on next door and the announcements from the light rail station. There are also no mini fridges, so no easy way to keep stuff cold. Since Hilton always screws you for wifi by charging, try to get a room facing 3rd Street since you can get free wifi from the Panera across the street. I have been going there for breakfast anyway since the Hilton's continental breakfast, which is part of the conference I am going to, is not going to fill you up to get your day started.It is always funny, the more expensive the hotel, the more they nickle and dime you for services. If you have a car, there is a Trader Joe's and Target about a five minute drive away and are a good place to stock up on beverages and snacks, although the lack of a fridge is a problem at the hotel.One good thing was if you say something about the vegetarian options lack of protein (again food part of the conference) they will do something about it. I'll give them kudos for that.
4	I immediately had a slight attitude after I booked my hotel stay on Hotwire, sight unseen. I read the yelp reviews and expected a less than stellar stay:I drove into the Hilton parking deck with yet another attitude because I have a problem paying $18 a day for parking, anywhere. I reasoned that I had to pay for parking out of sheer convenience and my own scariness - Yea; I grew up in the suburbs and get a little nervous walking in unfamiliar places....Anyway, the walk from the parking garage to the lobby was rather long. I had to go up 2 floors in the garage, which takes you to the 2nd floor of the hotel, and then you have to go down 1 floor from the elevator inside the hotel to get to registration. If I had kids with me, I would've been frazzled... If you want to avoid all of that, elect for valet service at the front of the building. You could also park close to the light rail service, which really isn't that far (I'm not sure how much they charge).Oh, so as recommended by Jason D., I asked for a room facing Panera Bread, so I could access their free Wi-Fi. After a swift check-in, I arrived on the 16th floor, with a nice view to the city. The room was large enough with a king bed, clean room, and nice bathroom. The flat screen TV was nice and even had auxiliary hookups for a projector and other sound equipment, which was facing the outside of the desk, below the TV. That's good, if you need that sort of thing...We ordered room service from the restaurant, Coastal Kitchen, a few times: The All Natural Burger with fries - $11 (ordered twice), the Chocolate Mousse Tort - $7, which turned out to be chocolate cake with mousse and chocolate chips on the outside, with whipped cream, blue berries and strawberries (ordered twice), and the All American Breakfast $14, which consisted of two eggs made your way, choice of bacon, ham or sausage, choice of juice, choice of coffee or tea, choice of bread, and breakfast potatoes. The breakfast was a good deal, considering that I needed coffee and sustenance before I departed. I didn't care for the potatoes, but that weren't terrible (no salt). Just a note, room service adds an 18% gratuity, called a service charge on the receipt, and a $2.95 delivery fee, although the menu says $3. Just keep that in mind, so you won't be surprised.The hotel was within walking distance of the stadium and the EpiCentre. The EpiCentre contains a host of restaurants like Libretto's Pizzeria, Smoothie King, Enso's, and Five Guys Burgers. I even walked my scary self to Smoothie King and Libretto's, so it couldn't have taken more than 8 minutes, including the elevator.All in all, the amenities and distance from attractions made up for the old school carpet in the hallway, the one hundred layers of paint on the door (which included and an indent of an old door fixture), the old school looking desk in the room, and kind of hearing the other guests coming in and out of their hotel room.I almost forgot; I was not able to use my HiltonHonors to receive complimentary usage of the hotel Wi-Fi or the YMCA membership during my stay ($12/day). The lady at the front desk said that since I used a 3rd party to book my reservation (Hotwire), she couldn't (or wouldn't) change my reservation code to apply the HiltonHonors benefits. Mmm hmm. I didn't believe her, but I didn't' feel like arguing/reasoning with her. I always have a plan B.... However, my plan B, which was to use Panera Bread didn't work out. :-\  Panera Bread was closed for construction. I am guessing that they turned their Wi-Fi off, or something, because I couldn't get a signal. Nor could I get a signal on my Blackberry! Not to be defeated, I used my AT&T DSL account to access the Hilton Wi-Fi signal (use the username and password from your AT&T email). Ha!! The unexpected plan C worked. :)As you can see, you can stay within your budget when you stay here. You just have to make choices as to where you want to spend on the extras, like parking, valet, room service, internet access, gym accessibility, etc. You can save by eating at restaurants in or near the Epicenter, parking further away, and having an internet solution available.
3	Not so bad, really. I got an Expedia deal relatively last-minute, and with the Triple A discount, it averaged less than $200 a night for the executive floor.  Get Triple A, people. They'll come jump your battery if your car dies AND you get discounts on hotel rooms. What's not to love? The room was nice, bed was huge, and view was pretty. Front desk staff was super nice. The restaurant isn't bad, although the service was spotty at the tables and the bar. The conference space was fine, not so sprawled out that it took you twenty minutes to get to sessions. You're also centrally located in uptown Charlotte, so it's easy to get to wherever you need to go. Parking wasn't crazy, even for two days. The executive lounge was okay, but again with the wine prices. (And I am not cheap, I just don't like paying so much for mediocre wine. Step it up, I'll stop complaining. Maybe.)Downsides were absurdly high-priced wine for the location (even for a Hilton.) Conference lunch was awful. And when, oh when, will upscale hotels stop charging for wi-fi? If you're already eating your financial lunch to have a $12 glass of wine that doesn't suck, please give me my internet. It'll gain you customer loyalty points that will go a lot farther, I think.
5	You have to try their homemade pizza.  It is great!
4	It was my last night in Charlotte, and I had the option to go home- but after all the time I didn't get to spend (and it being my last night of vacation) checking out the city, I wanted to pamper myself, my sister, and my nephew.  Since it was a Friday night, I was able to get weekend rates (as the night before I tried to get a room- but it was $229 min, bleh- too much when you have a baby with you!).  So with AAA, I got a club level room for $159 base rate (would have been $107 if I got a normal room- but I wanted lounge access and top floor views).The location is great- a block from Tryon Street and most of the hoppin places in the city.  Parking was somewhat odd though- it is a color coded confusion whatever (stick with the red, that's all I can say- however the hotel entrance is on blue, at that point- no idea if that is higher or lower).  Since the Hilton is connected to a Wells Fargo plaza and other shit, this is surely a large complex.After parking and taking 2 elevators to get to registration (kind of confusing, and mind you needed a 3rd elevator to get to the rooms)- check in was quick and easy- the guy also thanked me for being a HHonors member. We got a room on the top floor (22), which is controlled by key- that was a nice touch- and got to the room.  Nice view- got a great shot of the NASCAR HOF!  The room was spacious, and the TV was the nicest one I had seen in a hotel (42in plasma).  The desk may or may not have been 10 feet long.  Even had a fridge the room.The bathroom was well appointed too, and came with all of the fixins.  The tub was a decent size.We went to the lounge for evening snacks, and I liked that a lot.  The lady (I think her name was Stephanie) was very friendly and adored my nephew (she at first thought that was my wife and son, I had to correct her :)).  They offered cheeses, crackers, drinks, and even wings at the time.  It was a pleasant surprise.  There is even their own business center up there, with larger screens (which is much nicer than the normal business center on the 3rd floor).I went back later to check out the bar, as they state it is a cash bar- but you just give her your room number.  Since I didn't have to drive anywhere- you better believe I racked up a tab :D . We got a crib here as well, and it was easy-breezy.  I was able to sleep well (and apparently I did NOT snore that night)- however, my sis said a sheriff knocked on the door like 15 minutes after I came back and asked about a noise complaint- when he saw she had the kid, he was very apologetic (I find that interesting though, we didn't even hear any loud noises?!?! oh well).Got to have bfast in the lounge too- that was nice and filling.  I tell you, for a hotel, getting the lounge access is worth the extra $$ if you plan to utilize it!One thing that irked my sister was that they state if you don't want a newspaper, let them know and they will deduct it from your total ($0.75)- we later found out the papers are all digital.  Also, WiFi is only free to club level, and HHonor member of higher status (which kinda sucks, as it is $9.95 a day otherwise).Parking is also $18 a night, which sucks- considering the Courtyard was $10 and less confusing.All in all, for a AAA 4diamond hotel, it wasn't bad, we enjoyed ourselves here thoroughly!
4	Very nice hotel and staff.  Close to everything and train is directly behind the hotel for easy travel.  Rooms are very clean.  Only complaint is that there aren't any draws in the room for clothes.  Just 2 small ones under the night stand next to the bed.
3	A pretty typical, business-friendly Hilton. Location is great, downtown and connected to Wells Fargo buildings by bridges. Service is friendly and most guest rooms have been updated in the past few years. Hallways are old and rather beat up.  Good workspace for business, desk, computer, etc.  Charlotte could use MORE nice business hotels, this one could use an upgrade--but is better than some of the other downtown chain hotels.  I'd stay here again. Beds are relatively comfortable, furniture is newer as is TV. Bathrooms are small and it's not that quiet--heard elevator, other doors slamming, etc. All that said, I'd still say it's above average.  The only "nice" downtown hotel I've found is the Ritz. Will the jam-packed business travelers here--they could use a couple more new hotels.
3	This hotel is in the city center of Charlotte, a beautiful city with a vibrant and exciting downtown scene. The only downside is that things are pretty expensive overall downtown, including this hotel. I am quite sure it is comparable to the other options, the Omni, Courtyard Marriott, etc. Our company tried to get the Courtyard, which we had experience with before - and really enjoyable as well - but unfortunately they were fully booked for our 13-member team.The greeting we got from the staff was very nice, but the parking rate for the hotel was a real downer. If you are visiting from out of town, take the advice to get a taxi, as the daily rate is very high and you can do nearly everything by walking the area.Upon entering my room, it was an odd corner room layout, but everything seemed OK. It was a bit dated and a little bit worn, which was a slight disappointment given the location. The location of the hotel is perfect, with only a slight walk to the restaurants and shops around.Major problem: the toilet did not work properly. It turns out their toilets are a bit weird anyway, in that you have to hold the handle down for a little delay to get the proper flush (found this out when I got to my new room). But, no matter what I did, the toilet did not flush properly and nearly overflowed ... which is terribly frustrating and gross! Oddly enough, after anywhere from 5 to 10 minutes, I would hear this gurgling sound and when I went back in, the thing had finally drained - not flushed - because there was still "stuff" in the bowl.When I called for maintenance help at 11:00 pm or so, the woman told me she would send up someone with a plunger. I paused, then thought she must have meant she would send up a maintenance person with the plunger. Nope. Literally, a maid came up with a plunger and handed it to me, then left. Can you believe that? I was so stunned, I didn't even say anything.The next morning, I requested a room change and after some arguing, was able to get that accomplished. The next room was fine.The conference room facilities were decently appointed, but the room we were assigned for our team was inadequate. We were crammed in like sardines around the conference room table. The facilities provided were good - projector and screen. The food they provided was very plentiful - crazy plentiful actually - but the quality on the first day, sandwiches and rolls, were boring and somewhat tasteless. The second day of hot options were very good.The bar was good, with decent service and bartenders, but one colleague complained his Manhattan was not well done at all.Overall, for a Hilton property, I was disappointed. The cost to value ratio was not that good, and I am quite sure that other properties around the Hilton would be a better choice overall.
5	You have to try their homemade pizza.  It is great!
3	Renovated and beginning to look good.
4	We booked this via Priceline and got an amazing deal. It has a great location. - 2 block of the Epicenter- close to several nice restraurants & bars- The light rail stops right at the hotelThe hotel itself is very nice- its  a fairly new hotel so everything is very clean-the decor is modern and the rooms are small but nice.We were only there for one night so I didnt have to deal too much with the staff but what little interaction I had was good.
4	We stayed here two nights during spring break, first night being Easter.  The location was excellent.  It was pretty easy to get find and get to, although, being Easter Sunday evening certainly helped!  We had planned to valet park, but the desk attendant said self park would be very easy at that time (and it was!  saved a few bucks).  Outside the room, the halls, elevators and lobby were very nice looking and elegant.  Our room was pretty standard.  Not large, not small, pretty clean and comfortable.  The beds were very comfortable with lots of pillows and puffy blankets.  We were on the 12th floor, overlooking the light rail and Epicentre area.  You had to really try to hear the trains, it wasn't an issue at all.  There was a nice little shop in the lobby for snacks and stuff you forgot to pack.We found the hotel to be super convenient for walking around downtown (er, Uptown?).  With two adults, a kindergartner, and a 2 year old, we had no trouble getting up and down College and Tryon to get to museums and restaurants and just walking around to sightsee.  The area around the hotel was super clean and safe feeling and the whole place seemed well policed.  We did not try the restaurant or the YMCA fitness area.  The fitness area looked way crowded when I walked by Monday afternoon.I would gladly stay here on a future Charlotte visit!
3	Would give 4 stars for the Hilton customer service and bed... but the A/C in the room didn't keep it cold and the clock was 14 mins slow even though I asked to have it serviced it still didn't help. The rooms were nice size and TV nice... but needs repainting... mystery stains on ceilings are distracting.
4	This hotel is true to the Hilton service brand.  I was at the hotel for a conference, I stayed at another hotel because the Hilton was booked.
4	Had a three day stay here. Overall, this is a nice hotel. Some positives:1. Check in was well-organized. A special 'thank you' to Amber, who was working the desk ... a very helpful and pleasant hotel employee.2.  Room, while not huge, was more than adequate, with comfortable beds, and a huge work desk.3.  The restaurant food was decent, the prices reasonable (but, at the high end).4.  The location near the conference center (about a block away) was very convenient.The downsides:1.  The self-parking was way far from the registration area with no luggage carts provided. 2.  The daily parking charge of $18, although within the range expected for Charlotte, was not a happy thing ... come on, people, we're staying at YOUR hotel, why 'nickel and dime' us?3.  The layout of the hotel seems to have been done by an architect who specializes in designing fun houses ... Talk about confusing: from the self-parking area you get on an elevator that takes you to the registration level. Then, you take an escalator to the next level to take a different elevator to take you to your room. So, to recap: very nice in any ways, but not up to the top of its form yet, either.
4	I came back to Charlotte in June and stayed at the Hilton Charlotte City Center.  Excellent customer service.  From the moment I arrived the staff was courteous and always asking about how they could make my stay better.  The weekend I was there they were doing some renovations on floors above mine.  The noise made impossible for me to take a nap, but there was really nothing that could be done about that.  It has to get done at sometime.  I would stay at this Hilton again if I were in Charlotte for business.
4	Stayed here for two nights while in town for the Beyonce concert. The room was modern and clean. The hotel staff was friendly and responded to request for towels and ice quickly. Room service was good and drinks at the bar helped us get the night started.  No complaints. I would stay here again. Walking distance to the arena and nightlife at the Eipcenter.
2	First impression : nice hotel. Huge. Great outdoor area. Room inspection: Ewww. Love the gym style shower. Glad I brought shower shoes. No telling what was on that floor. Bed covers...noticed a stain on comforter...ewww. also the desk chair...dried blood or something. Eww. No fridge or microwave. As nice as this hotel seems, didn't know u had to ask for those items to be in your room. The carpet...old and stained. Seemed like and old new painted over hotel. Staff was great. Breakfast buffet perfect. Overall..C-
4	Purpose: for work, have stayed here frequently (50+ nights)Pros:- Rooms: I like that they have different styles of rooms and I sometimes score with the corner rooms (which feel bigger). - Rental Car Service: is located right downstairs. Pickup/drop off cannot get any easier. (Note: they close early on Saturdays and are closed on Sundays)- Gym: it's the YMCA, so it's a legitimate gym. - Concierge Lounge: always open for bar snacks and drinks. Open on weekends. Love the free full-sized water bottles.- Location: less than a 10 minute walk from the Bank of America stadium. Makes it easy/fun for Panther game days! Also, it's connected to various buildings, so you can get pretty far w/o walking outside.- Early Check In: has been granted each time I've come in earlier than check-in time.- Security: requires key cards in their elevator.Average:- Check In: generally takes longer than it should. Multiple times, when checking in during the evenings, there's no one at the front desk and I'll have to wait a bit for someone to come out.- Bellboy: always generally have to wait for someone; not as attentive as I've experienced at other hotels.- Concierge Lounge: the food offered is generally nothing to look forward to (chicken wings, mini corn dogs, etc.). However, the set up is nice and the view is pretty great.Cons:- Showers: I prefer showers with bathtubs and most of their rooms don't have that. Makes it difficult to warm up the water w/o getting sprayed from the shower!- Gym: they close early on Saturdays and are closed on Sundays.- WiFi: not free for non-Rewards members- Restaurant: it's not amazing and in my various stays, I've only found 1 item that I like: Tuna Crisp.- Key Cards: I always have trouble with these deactivating during my stay (even though I do a good job of keeping them away from credit cards/ phones).Unexplored:- ParkingOverall: I come here for work and really just need a bed and shower, so the rest is not too bothersome for me (but I've listed them as they may be important for others). The pros/cons balance out some of the pros/cons I've noted at the Marriott City Center hotel, so it's hard to say one is better than the other.
1	DO NOT GET MARRIED HERE. The events coordinator, Dawn, was horrible to work with . My sister got married here on 10/27/2013, and it was almost a disaster because of this woman. She hardly returned phone calls and emails unless we completely harrassed her. The day of the wedding, the front desk had no information for my sisters wedding, and Dawn wouldn't answer her phone or return the calls. I realized she ended up turning her phone OFF because it started going straight to voicemail after we called her phone a few times! After about an hour of front desk clerks, and managers running around to find out where the bridal suite was, and what we were supposed to be doing, we finally met with a man named Sam who ultimately turned the day around for us. He could not have been more helpful and gave us champagne and couches to sit on in the suite. Dawn, on the other hand, finally shows up a couple of hours later, and after I gave her a piece of my mind, she apologized in the most unsincere way. Not ok! She is very unprofessional to work with for an event, and upset my sister on the day of her wedding - DO NOT GET MARRIED HERE!!
5	My daughter and I stayed at the Hilton Center City back in January 2013.  I had given her tickets to the Justin Beiber concert for her 10th birthday.  When my daughter saw the outside of the hotel I think she was almost excited about the fact that we got to stay in this beautiful hotel as she was about seeing Justin Beiber (well almost...it would take a lot to impress more than Beiber)  The check-in process was very easy...no problems at all with the reservations and the inside of the hotel is even more beautiful than the outside.  We got a little turned around trying to get to the right elevators but there was staff right there and they were so eager to help us.  We didn't even have to ask...they approached us and offered their assistance.  I have been in the service industry before and I truly appreciate great customer service.  Later that night when we were leaving for the concert the staff at the front desk was happy to give us directions so we would know the quickest and safest way to walk to the arena.  After the concert we didn't feel like going out so we ordered room service.  The food arrived around 45 minutes after we ordered it but at least they warned us that it would be that long (i hate when food places say your order will be right there and it doesn't arrive till forever and a day later) The food was decent but a little pricey.  But hey what can you expect while staying in a nice hotel.  The price was worth it though to not have to navigate through uptown Charlotte looking for a place to eat with a tired yet very excited 10 year old at 11pm.  In the morning I went to the gift shop before checking out.  The gift shop was also a little pricey...especially for things like canned drinks and those little bowls of cereal that might hold 1/2 cup of cereal.  If I need to spend the night again in Charlotte the Hilton Center City will be my 1st choice...not because of it's beauty but because of the exceptional customer service.  They really helped make my daughter's special day even more special than originally expected.
1	Nice room, reasonably clean.  Some hairs in the tub though.  Room was hot on arrival, the AC isn't very strong.  Check in was fast, no line.But the reason for one star was when another guest tried to get into my room at night. I could hear that he was trying his key, and he couldn't get in (obviously, this was my room).  But he came back a few minutes later with security guard, who actually let him into my room, without checking his ID and seeing if he actually was allowed into my room!  What a terrible security lapse!  A guest should never be able to convince a security guard to let them into someone else's room!Because of the security problems, I am ranking this only one star.  Guest security is a basic skill that any hotel has to master. If travels take me to Charlotte again, I won't stay here again.
5	Love this Hilton. Friendly staff, nice/clean rooms, and walkable to everything. There is a very nice YMCA attached you can go to for free to work out. I always go out of my way to book this hotel when I travel to Charlotte for work.
1	Entered my room after a day of work to find the room had been entered despite "do not disturb" request (due to not using towels or needing linens changed) as well as plastic bag over fire alarm. Clearly the staff is not thorough or trustworthy. In addition management is absent and unapologetic. Hilton does not value business, whether large corporate account or individual. Buyer beware.
4	Wonderful stay, especially thanks to Lema for making our Anniversary so special!  We were beyond touched to have champagne and treats unexpectedly arrive.  What an awesome surprise, and we enjoyed every bit of it.  Thank you Lema!  As for the hotel itself:  great location...we parked our car and walked everywhere all weekend.  Yes, parking is $18, but in all our travels, that's on the less-expensive side for downtown parking these days.  We liked the security factor in needing a room key to make the elevator move.   Our room was quite comfortable.  A/C worked just fine.  Bed comfy.  Shower was super powerful, but sadly never got any warmer than not cold.   The restaurant is not one we utilized, although we contemplated it for breakfast, seemed a bit pricey for the ordinariness of it, considering nearby options.  We did experience super friendly bar service when we stopped by the attractive bar on Sunday night.  As for the fitness center, we also were disappointed to not be able to utilize the adjacent Y on our stay.  It closes at 4 on Saturdays and is not open on Sundays at all.  Oh well, we were forced to take a break...hah!
1	Unbelievably poor experience. HHonors member for over 10 years. Made 2 night reservation over three weeks ago with guaranteed late arrival. After flight from Houston and cab ride into downtown at 9:00 pm, the Hilton check-in desk said, "Oh we're sorry. We've overbooked tonight. We have no available rooms."  They then wanted to send me back out to a Hilton Garden Inn at the airport. After an hour of fighting with them, calling HHonors, and watching the same thing happen to several other stunned travelers, I finally got a room down at the Sheraton. Worse, the cad driver said, "Oh, they overbook and kick people out all the time. That's just what they do when they have a convention in town."This is the worst customer service I've experienced in many years. To the extent it is limited to this hotel, their management should be disciplined/fired. To the extent it is endemic to the Charlotte area, this really makes you look bush league.
5	I was part of a wedding at this hotel during the weekend and was very impressed. The hotel has many great qualities:-Top notch location in the middle of Uptown, nearly next door to Epicenter.-Check in was painless and my room was ready at 10:30 am! My parents' was not, so they switched them to another that was.-Clean room. Not overly big but does the job. I was on the executive floor and thought the lounge, with free food and (non alcoholic) drinks was worth it for a multi night stay.-The gym at the attached YMCA is fantastic!!! It's one of the better gyms I've been to anywhere, nevermind at a hotel.-The banquet hall for events is beautiful. And the bride's parents raved about Mel. She was absolutely amazing I was told. The wedding went down without a hitch. It was maybe the best I've ever been to. The bride and groom highly recommend this hotel for weddings.-The outdoor courtyard is great. Sitting outside with drinks from the bar was a pleasure.The minor gripes:-The wedding rate for the rooms was $130, which is a great value. For the executive rooms it was $160. But the pending charge on my credit card shows $466 for the two night stay, which would be a big error. I'm hoping a mischarge doesn't marr a 5 star experience. -Housekeeping never came to my parents' room. In exchange the hotel gave them a late checkout, which was nice.Overall I'd highly recommend this hotel as the ideal mix of quality and value. And a great venue for weddings or other events.
4	Disclosure: I am writing this review for the Hilton Charlotte Center City from an event stand point. Two of my good friends had their wedding reception here over the weekend. For those of you who know me, I am a pro at going to weddings. I usually average 5-7 a year. True story. Always the bridesmaid, never the bride. Maybe I should be a wedding planner in my next life.The family was super impressed with Mel the planner that they worked with here. So much in fact, that the bride's father made it a point to rave about her in his speech. The cocktail hour was super nice and classy. I love the light fixtures in this hallway. So pretty. On to main room, the room was just gorgeous. Very classy. The service was great. All the workers were professional, nice and pretty much on top of their game. The food was good. The transition from cocktail hour to the seated dinner was seamless. I didn't hear any complaints from wedding guests who stayed in this hotel. They loved the convenient location in uptown and also the attached YMCA. There are some great restaurant and bar options within walking distance.
1	Pretty much a disaster. We're Hilton Gold Members and this is the only negative experience I've ever posted about a Hilton property. The room was a mess. We had upgraded to the executive floor because I was injured, but it was closed and they wouldn't move us. The noise was insane and they did nothing. We were booked for a two night stay but left Charlotte the 2nd night rather than endure another night in this hotel. We would have left the first night if it weren't for things we had to do. They comped our second room night, but not the first. We're not out for free stuff, but the right thing to do would have been to refund both nights. Will never stay here again.
4	Great location! Two blocks from the Epicenter (bars & restaurants). Stayed here overnight for a bachelorette party in room 1804. The rooms were nice and large, fit four girls just fine. Beds were very comfortable. We ordered extra pillows (one girl was allergic to down pillows) and they arrived within 20 minutes. I ordered room service (kids meal; two mini burgers and fries) and it was very good and the perfect portion to hold me over until dinner. The rooms were clean and the bathroom was a good size. Our bed sheets had some stains on the outside, chocolate and nail polish, but it didn't bother us. Biggest pet peeve is the lack of fans in the bathrooms. I've experienced this at other Hilton's but just don't understand why they choose not to add them!Overnight parking is $20. There is a small convenience store on the 2nd floor with some toiletries and snacks, also a restaurant. Would definitely stay here again.
5	Great location in downtown. Hotel rooms are decent size . The YMCA is on the third floor which is great if you need a good gym. Restaurant and bar in the lobby.
3	If you are on the Executive Floors at the Charlotte Hilton City Center location- don't waste your time going to the Exec Lounge for coffee.They have a horrible Starbucks machine that only makes one cup at a time.  What's worse is it takes about 1 1/2-2 min per cup (small or large).  It also only has one flavor, unless decaf is the second flavor.I went up to the Executive Lounge for the second morning in a row and I saw I had to wait in a long line for the coffee machine this time.  It's so slow that they had 5 adults to use the machine. So instead of waiting 10 min for an 8oz serving, I took elevator down to the restaurant (in house) for coffee.  I got back upstairs to the EL with my coffee and the other folks were still standing in line for coffee.Hilton-  how about getting a coffee pot in your EL for busy times?
4	Nice hotel with a good location. I got the room for a decent price and it is in a good location and is close to the Epicenter and a lot of night spots.  The room was clean and I didn't have any issues.
3	Stayed one night at this hotel.  We spent first 20 mins of our stay trying to get keys that worked.  This required us getting back in check-in line to get new keys and then after they didn't work we had to wait for security to meet us at the room to open the door.  Based off other reviews this seems to be a frequent issue.  Room was clean and nice.  I feel like maybe there is poor sound proofing bc when we were sleeping people were very loud going through the hall.  This woke us up several times during the night.  Hotel is in a great location which is why it got 3 stars versus 2.
4	New Year's Eve stay for a concert at Time Warner Arena (5 - 10 min walk).  Other than the inflated holiday price, I was very happy.  Beautiful and clean common areas, clean, nicely appointed room (21st floor), staff was super friendly, and hotel is connected by interior walkway to a full, new-looking YMCA you can use just by signing in with your room # and DOB (this ain't your typical hotel gym).  The location was perfect for a short stay to attend an event in center city.  Everything you need is within walking distance.
