4	Chipotle is generally good all the time. There are rare occasions in which the ingredients are just old and aren't made properly, but that never has been the case for me at this location. Most of the time, they are very consistent.If you have never been to Chipotle, it is somewhat different from other restaurants. The customer goes through an ingredient buffet in which they pick ingredients that they would want in their burrito or bowl. Other additions include drinks, small tortillas, and salsa. This location lets you refill your own drinks.I always get a chicken or carnitas bowl. You can get two kinds of meat, but that is extra. I do not get the steak because it is not well done. I can't comment on their beans because I am not a bean fan (don't they make you fart?), but my boyfriend seems to like them and gets them every time. They don't charge extra for rice, beans, or lettuce. I've seen people get burritos so big that they have to wrap them with two large tortillas!I can't finish a bowl in one setting, but I think it is tasty as leftovers. I really like their food here (and all the other Chipotles). It is simple, consistent, and delish!
4	Good food, good prices, and a really nice staff.They have an iPhone app!
3	This is the Subway of "Mexican" food. I emphasize the "  " since this is a American interpretation. It is also pretty consistent at this branch with being fresh tasting, aside from one time we came right before closing and the meats were a bit dried out. One thing to improve on, like Connie R. said, is cleaning the tables. Sometimes we have to flag down someone to wipe it down. It is seemingly healthy, and in some ways it is with naturally raised grilled meats and fresh prepared rice, beans, salsas, veggies, etc. It tastes fresh and simple so it gives the impression it is all good and fine. I thought that too and didn't really put much stock in it other than the taste. I thought it probably had a lot of calories simply because of the size, that can be two meals for a lot of people, but didn't think much of its nutrition other than that. I thought, this is a great alternative to the usual fast foods. However, I recently found out that this was owned by McDonalds (they were the ones that expanded the brand until 2006 when McD sold). They first to start the pre-prepped food that is high in sodium, preservatives and fat to equal +cheap food with higher profit margins trend. That got me to do a lot of digging...I dont ever trust that fucking clown. Though the meat is natural and salsas and guacamole is freshly prepared somehow McDonalds has managed to mess up the fresh ideal by putting a fuckton of sodium in the food. Why? I don't know, if food is fresh, why do you need it? I swear, somewhere out there I think McDonalds is secretly funding research on artificial transplant organs, owns part stake in Plavix, Jenny Craig, and Freestyle diabetic meters to maximize their profit in a product progression cycle. I like a Bol with Carnitas, rice, black beans, tomato, corn, a little green salsa, cheese, sour cream and lettuce. Big ass bowl doesnt sound too bad at 780 calories but apparently it also has Fat 32G (49% daily value), Saturated Fat 15G (75% ), Cholesterol 140mg (47%) , sodium 2310mg (96%), carbs 71g( 24%), dietary fiber 15g (60%), sugars 13g, protein 51g Real fresh food doesn't need it. That much sodium is enough to give someone hypertension even though they are eating Chipotle, which is supposed to be "healthy". If I add guacamole and chips, which we sometimes do, I'm at 2940mg, 122% of daily intake. I have a fairly fragile health system so I have to watch out for things like these and I'm sure I'm not the only person who needs to know these things.  Everything else is fairly high, but that is a reflection in portion size. If you count that bowl as two proper servings then the calories,  the fat, proteins, fibers, etc. is very fair of a serving as per meal. Still, MSNBC Health placed the burritos on their list of the "20 Worst Foods in America" because of their high caloric content and high sodium. Hey, if I'm going to do fast foods on occasion it will probably be a "better" choice like Chipotle that actually taste pretty good and is hormone free, but just saying- though it is fresh and natural, it is not as healthy as it is marketed and perceived by the public to be.
3	Keeping up the high standards of the rest of the chain for healthy prompt quick tex mex style food.
4	Stopped by the Fedex Kinko's Store next door around lunchtime and was hungry for some Mexican Food.  Luckily, this Chipotle is only steps away.I went for the Steak Burrito had them put Rice, Pinto Beans, Hot Sauce, Sour Cream, and Guacamole in the Burrito.  The Burrito was solid as usual for a Chipotle.  The Guacamole & Sour Cream makes the Burrito for me.  The Rice has just the right amount of Lemon juice on it to give it that slight tart flavor.....and the Hot Sauce has a nice kick to it.I think they do a really good job because they have such a small menu and focus on providing consistent product.Will I return?  You bet.
1	BF wanted Chipotle so we got some to-go. I got Barbacoa when I normally get steak or carnitas and made a bowl with black beans, rice, the different salsas, corn.A few hours later I was throwing up. Hot sauce and rice is not fun coming back up. Probably one of the worse throw up experiences ever.
4	Stopped by here for a quick snack.  I have had the Carnitas and Chicken before and I liked them.  This time I went for the Barbacoa soft Taco.  I would probably recommend having this in either a Burrito or crunchy Taco due to the moisture factor of some of the ingredients.  It was a messy eat.  Other than the assembly issues the flavor was good.  The Guac has a good amount of citrus in it, just the way I like it, so I didn't mind the extra topping fee.  Sustainable and organic ingredients make me feel a little better about the six tacos I'm eating.
4	I am a "tourist" in this town and this Chipotle is a bit hard to find. It sits on the North end of the lot next to the Golden Spoon (yum) and the Starbucks. Plenty of places to park.. And one huge plus about this Chipotle is that it's right next to a Courtyard. So you can sit out on one of those warm sunny days and enjoy your food choice. Came in yesterday around 4pm before going to the movies with my brother and ordered a burrito bowl. Preparers were nice and not stingy and place was well kept. I rarely find a Chipotle that varies in the food quality, (ie: overcooked rice) and this Chipotle holds up to the standards. Wasn't busy at all. No line and about 4 people eating in the restaurant. No complaints from me nor my brother. We have Chipotle at least once when we're out traveling.
5	Chipotle is my weakness! This one is near my house, almost too close. I have visited other Chipotle's around town but this is the one that of course I favor constantly. I have never come here and had to stand in a long line like the one near the outlet malls. I am usually in and out in less than 10 minutes and I like that. I think the food tastes nice and fresh with some good flavor. I usually get chicken tacos with just lettuce, cheese, and pico on it. Simple to the point and so yummy! If I have been a good girl I will get some chips and guac. I love their guac, I am drooling right now. This particular stop is always clean, fast and the service is always friendly. I don't think I can think of one time when I have had bad service here. That definitely helps me visit this location more often.
5	I love the barbacoa soft tacos. I always have barbacoa and sometimes I add chicken for a little 1/2 1/2 love. I love the tacos with corn salsa, cheese and sour cream. Plus, the girls at the Durango location are awesome. I always feel welcome and the line goes super fast.
5	close to my house and very yummy! all the employees are friendly all the time and always are fast and accurate!
1	I hate to give Chipotle a bad review because we love eating there. We have only eaten at this location twice but got sick both times. The first time we thought it might be a mistake, so I went back six months later because I love Chipotle (summer 2011). Got sick again. I suppose I should have called the health department. I was conflicted because the young girl was nice to my dog and gave him meat in a bowl and water. I eat at other Chipotles and never had a problem. Won't eat here again.
5	Came in for a quick lunch, quick service,food was really fresh,like usual! I got a brown rice chicken bowl, but I'll be sticking with white rice!Return factor: yep!
4	Kind of weird to review Chipotle as they are probably all the same but seeing as how we eat here more than anywhere else in the area, I might as well. The people always give a friendly greeting when you walk in, the food is consistent, and the place is kept clean. The only thing I'd change is the time when found a little piece of plastic bag in my burrito bowl and was treated like I was crazy for thinking it was unacceptable. (?)  Their response when I showed them was "oh." Anyways, it's Chipotle and it is good. Even with little bits of plastic bag thrown in every once in a blue moon.
3	Okay so I slowly and cautiously came back to this spot. It's a good quick option by the house and good when they keep it fresh. I just won't come during a slack time/ right before closing again. I don't think it was food poisoning, but definitely something was off and upset my stomach enough to reject it. The past few times, I've been absolutely fine. I appreciate they do brown rice now, I prefer that in my bowls actually. I normally get steak or carnitas but have been getting the chicken as a better option.Keep in mind that while they tout "healthy" there is still a rather crazy amount of sodium in their food for a "fresh" concept. So if you are watching what you eat, you should probably look online at their nutritional information.Chipotle is one of those chains that I would begrudgingly say is rather good and is kinda a genius concept for fast food.
5	We love this place & eat here at least twice a week! Yummy!
5	I usually mix it up between a steak or chick bowl. I love that its always fresh disregarding the crazy line that comes every so often. I tried switching up to a burrito but did not find it wrapped so tightly that ended up using my fork to scope the rest of the meat! I always hit this spot at least once a week because its just awesome!
4	Fake Mexican food, it's still good. Nice clean restaurant location. Outdoor seating is available. Affordable food.
1	I'll never come to this location again if I can avoid it. Ordered a crispy taco and a burrito. The taco was freaking soggy and falling apart and the chicken was not grilled well enough. The people working were some teenagers flirting and not paying attention to me. I've been to Chipotles all over town because I love their food, but my experience was not good here at all.
4	This is one of my favorite Mexican style fast food joints. The burrito bowls here are great and service is always fast even when there's a long line. When you order, you tell them what you want from start to finish and they'll make your order right in front of you. I would recommend chicken or carnitas (roast pork) for your meats since that's what I typically get. The only downside to this particular location is the parking...it's located in a busy shopping area with a bunch of restaurants in close proximity so you would be better off parking further back and walking, rather than try to fight for a spot upfront.
1	So I'm new in the area and trying out the local spots so I decided to stop into chipotle. Bad idea. I got a steak and chicken bowl, same item I order at every chipotle and nothing was good about it. The brown rice was over cooked, the fajitas seemed to have been sitting for who knows how long, the chicken was over cooked, and the steak was well done (it's suppose to be medium rare). To top it off the customer service was horrendous and they had no personality. I can't say I won't be back, because I love Chipotle so much, but if I do have another bad experience, it's safe to say that I rather make the commute to another store instead of this one.
2	Bathroom is disgusting! No paper towels makes me wonder if the employees wash their hands.
4	Always great food. The only one minor thing I have to say is that the new employees really give you less food than you should actually be getting.
4	My wife loves this place regardless of where we are, but I just don't have that same love for Chipotle as she does. LOL - Well, there was one down the street from where we were staying last week, so we stopped by for lunch. Their staff is very enthusiastic as they greet you with a huge hello, how are ya as soon as you enter the business. They menu is, of course, the same as all the others, but the black beans just tasted better than usual, for some reason. I just got the bowl with barbacoa to keep it safe because I've been known as a bit of a "Tortilla Snob"...haha, but this plate was very, very good. I was absolutely impressed with the taste of this dish and will definitely go back the next time we're in town visiting our daughter!#KudosOnTheEnthusiasm
5	Love this place and the service ! So friendly. Food is always good and fresh ! I visit this location all the time.
1	Went to this Chipotle at 8:30 pm after a 12+ hour work day.  Bought a grilled chicken burrito bowl and chips to go.  Can't believe they charged for such horrible stale chips.  Shame on you Chipotle!
5	Yummy!  Can't go wrong with Chipotle.
2	I absolutely love Chipotle. However.... The past couple times I have come to this location I haven't had a good experience. Everyone works with their head down... No eye contact, no smiles and they all work super slow. I stood in line for 15 min last time. Asked for my salsa on the side and they still put it on top... Didn't bother to remake it even though I stated to them that I had asked for it on the side... They clearly didn't care. And their bathrooms were disgusting!! Next time I decided to go online and order so I didn't have to wait long. My pick up time was 4:45 and I walked in at 4:47 and guess what.. They had a line and MY ORDER WASNT DONE! They again acted like they didn't care and took their good old time making my one salad I needed. Needless to say I'm never going to this location again. The location on Lake Mead is a million times better!!! Go there for a good experience!
1	What's going on? I've been coming here close to a year and the last month or so the service for take out/ friendly service has been horrible! Upon asking for your dish, it just sit there while the cast register guy takes forever and the food is cold! There is a line backing up and there is no sense of urgency! Hope this gets resolved fast! All the other chipotle restaurants service is fast friendly and your meal is hot.
3	Normally I would give any chipotle 4 to 5 stars, but today this location gets 3. They had 2 guys (who were new) working the front and they seemed lost and none of veteran staff were helping them out. Normally you are greeted when you get to the front, but not a word from anyone. Just awkward eye contact for 5 minutes. I actually witnessed one of the guys roll his very first burrito because he's so new. Would have been nice if somebody with experience was overseeing and correcting small mishaps instead of me helping them out with scoop sizes and what not. The new guys did pretty good just SUPER slow.
1	This is the closest one to my house which is unfortunate. There always seems to be a lot of turnover and there is always someone new. The service is horrible with managers that just do not care. They are the worst chipotle ever. Either meats are charred and over cooked or really under cooked. Rice crunches which is wrong. They struggle to get people through the line because they stop everything to coach a new person and lots of just standing around while food gets cold. Get some good management (can't be too difficult) and keep the employees you have.
4	Initially our order of five bowls was incorrect.  We have some allergy issues, and some in our party cannot eat pinto beans.  Needless to say, the first time we ordered it was a disaster. HOWEVER, Kyeara (and apprentice and manager I think) worked with us to make sure the order was correct for the next time.  She was sensitive to our issues and didn't waste our energy or time by arguing who was right and who was wrong.  She was professional and represented Chipotle the way we expect.Since this incident, we've been to this location two more times and have experienced good service (with smiles!) and good food.   Kyeara changed our mind about the place!
4	Great tacos. Speedy prep from friendly employees.
5	Who doesn't love chipotle? It's quick and delicious. The people here are really friendly and aren't stingy like other ones. I always get the tacos but everything is good here!
4	Never met a Burrito I didn't like.  Especially when they are as big as your head.  At least that is how they usually make them for me.   I always get extra everything like cheese, sour cream, salsas, and lettuce. When this thing is done it looks like a "Bob Marley" Spliff, big and fat.  I do hate when they rip the tortilla and have to roll it up in a 2nd one.  No Bueno. It will still do the trick.  I am not sure why but I see lots of people getting burrito bowls. Not my preference but to each is own.
1	I got horrendous food poisoning, threw up violently, got hot and cold chills, headache, body aches. I don't recommend going to this location for your Chipotle fix.  :,(
1	This chipotle suckThe food was cold,the meat was disgusting My boyfriend got home and got serious hard- core diarrhea   Not recommended Go somewhere else
3	I have heard so many good things about Chipotle's, but had never been. I was working in the area and a coworker invited me to lunch there.I had a steak burrito. Steak, beans, rice, salsa, cheese and sour cream. Since this is my first time at the restaurant chain I don't know what is normal there, but I know I'm not used to a burrito being served cold. The rice and beans were room temperature, but the steak was refrigerator cold. This was thirty seconds after it was made. The cold temperature aside, the flavor was good. The steak was tasty, I think it would have been better warm. The burrito, in general, would have been better warm.Call me a traditionalist, but I like cold foods (ice cream, salads) served cold and warm/hot food served warm/hot. I'm not above having a ham dinner warm and a ham sandwich the next day cold, since I know how long it sat out before the refrigerator.As I said, the burrito was tasty and if you like your burritos cold, you will probably like it a lot. Next time I will just go the Roberto's, I like their product and they serve the burritos warm.
2	80% of the workers here are very rude. Usually the female teens who are mean for no reason to customers. The condiment counter is dirty usually around night, which is kind of gross, but most of the time it's clean. The food is always so good. I haven't ever gone back to this location though, and don't really plan to because of the employees.
2	Food is your average chipotle food but the service is awful. When I tried to give them a very specific order the employee started making my food before I finished and just ignored me and ended up getting it wrong but made me feel bad that it was already made that I payed for it anyways and did not enjoy it that much. Line is always long and slow very disorganized and rude crew I try to avoid this location as much as possible.
