5	Chris and his team at Anthem North Interiors are a fantastic group of people to work with.  They have not forgotten that business is about relationships and quality of service.I've done two jobs with them, one remodel and one damage repair and they were excellent to work with.  The projects had more than the standard challenges and Chris managed them exceptionally well.I'm a self-professed high-needs customer and am extremely pleased with their attentiveness, patience and communications.  I don't hesitate to recommend Anthem North Interiors for any size jobs.  I will be back!Thank you!
1	NOT sure why our job was a complete disaster and  haven't heard so many lies from a contractor before....hummmmm. All I need to say is they are NOT LICENSED in the state of Arizona and it is completely against the law to act as General Contractor and take money from people and not have a license. We are out a lot of money and we really don't want this to happen to anyone else. You are much better off finding a legit business that holds a license and is backed by the state. They are currently being investigated by The Registrar of Contractors for not having a license. This is going to be a long process so you might as well find someone else that is LICENSED and LEGAL and then you will be covered as a consumer by the State of Arizona.
1	The public can view licenses on the Register of Contractors website at www.azroc.gov or call 602-542-1525 to see for themselves that Anthem North Interiors is NOT LICENSED.
5	Anthem North helped me with a complete remodel of my master bathroom. It turned out beautifully and I am very happy with the results.  There were a few hiccups along the way, mainly the length of time the project took, but in the end everything was completed to my satisfaction.  I'm loving my bathroom!I have also hired Anthem North to replace carpeting in several rental properties over the last few months and I am very happy with the pricing and service they provided.  Chris is always good to find carpeting within or below my budget and turn around for install is fast. I recommend you stop into the store to see what they offer.
1	Extremely dissatisfied!  Horrible company to work with!  They are rude, have held on to my money since April 29th (it is now May 25th) and the job is still not done!!!
