3	I have not visited the restaurant itself, but my wife and I ordered from them recently. I'm actually writing this review because we just ordered from them again and are waiting for our food to arrive.Here's quick breakdown of our last order:The catfish fillets are really awesome. Putting a chunk inside the included bread and slathering it with tarter sauce was as delicious (and junky) as you'd expect.The fried shrimp are of reasonable size and taste fine, but they're nothing special. One way to judge fried shrimp is to ask yourself if you'd still enjoy them without any cocktail sauce, and in this case, it's hard to give a "yes".The fries were good and reasonably crisp; maybe if they had been fresh (instead of delivered), they would have been great.The fried mushrooms weren't so great. It's hard to pin down exactly what the issue was, but something about the flavor just wasn't doing it for me.My wife ordered the chicken tagine. I only took one bite, but it was pretty delicious.Overall, I really, really, really want to give them four stars for the delicious catfish-and-fries combination and for the interesting Moroccan menu items, but the lackluster shrimp and mushrooms is holding me back.
4	I ordered the combo plate (with catfish, fried shrimp, fries, and coleslaw) and mac & cheese. Delivery was fast, like 20 minutes to Squirrel Hill, and everything arrived hot.The shrimp and catfish arrived on top of a couple slices of white bread, which I guess was there to keep everything from getting soggy in transit. Well spiced, surprisingly good for delivery seafood. The huge serving of fries reminded me of the awesome cafeteria fries from my high school. The macaroni was something like what you'd find at a buffet - bland, soft, but it hit the spot. Would have liked to see: cocktail sauce, tartar sauce, maybe buttered or garlic toast instead of cheap white breadWarning: I'm relatively sure they use MSG. Tastes awesome, but some people are sensitive to it.
4	Pleasantly surprised is what I can say about this place.I ordered the small tilapia dinner and expected it to be small.  What I got definitely wasn't small.  If I wasn't so HUNGRY I definitely would have had two servings here.  The meal came with a side order of Cole slaw and fries, and as others have said, two slices of bread rest beneath the two big pieces of fish.  The pieces of fish were nicely breaded and of a good size.  Fried perfectly and could not find a problem at all.Reason I cannot give you five stars for this place...they don't have Heinz ketchup :(
4	K&T's is a great late night option for chicken tenders with french fries. Unfortunately, the shop closes at 12:00 AM on most days and is about a 10 minute walk from the center of Pitt's campus rendering a visit to K&T's on a very late weekend night unlikely.For those with out stoves, K&T's also serves up fresh fried fish in their own batter which has a pleasant blend of spices. I recommend ordering a small portion of chicken or any of the available fish options. K&T's also permits you to order combos, so you can mix-and-match. I favor the chicken and tilapia. The serving also comes with cole slaw and two slices of bread. The two slices of bread remains a mystery to me while other seem to just "get it."K&T's is on the route of a Pitt Shuttle (the 10A), so I wouldn't be surprised if more students started to rave about K&T's if they stayed open later.
4	We ordered K&T's via GrubHub last night (11pm on a Sunday) for delivery, and the food was very, very good! We got the catfish nuggets, a few fish sandwiches, and a turkey sandwich, all were A+. The restaurant was nice enough to include any condiment imaginable (seafood sauce, tartar sauce, mayo, hot sauce, ketchup, etc.), and the fries were perfect - sort of semi-crunchy but tender, damn good fries. Would order again!
