2	Caffe Lucano is a pretty standard Italian cafe on George IV bridge. Its only discerning feature is that the price of all the sandwiches and pastries is reduced by 50% after 3pm; this may sound like a great deal but neither the sandwiches nor the pastries are particularly memorable, and they're pretty expensive to start off with. If you're in need of fortification at this late stage in the afternoon, you'd be better off going to the pub for a pint. The staff are rather cold towards the customers, and the warm friendly welcome that you would expect from an Italian cafe is nowhere to be found. They're also really arsey about their student discount; when my boyfriend went to the counter to pay the bill, they only gave him the discount when he showed my student card too. This is not somewhere I'll be in any hurry to visit again.
1	Caffe Lucano tries its damned hardest to feel Italian - unfortunatly, the over all impression is of a sub-standard coffe house masquarading as a traditional grind house and failing.I dont mean to sound nasty as soon as I begin, but Caffe Lucano has few redeeming features - it is expensive, uninteresting, not particulary tasty and most annoying (for me at least) the coffee tastes weak and watery.The only thing I can think that is a positive is the reduction of the cakes and stuff at 3pm - although by that point the feeling that the cakes are getting a bit past it anyway is over whelming.Its a shame really, because this place could be so good - it has a prime spot on George IV Bridge  and is large enough to hold a lot of people. Unfortunatly, a whole lot of things would have to be changed to make it worth it.
5	Set opposite the famous Frankenstein bar and birthplace of Harry Potter Elephant House, is this cute Italian cafe. The owners are truly Italian and their shop boasts their origin from Puglia everywhere. It's one of those places that is true to itself, not trying to sell its authenticity or create an "italianess" ambience like a lot of restaurants try to in this City. They have many tables inside although one could think have it as cheap furniture and not the most comfortable restaurant chairs, it sort of adds to the place.  I have never been disappointed by their vast choice of sandwiches and cakes and I am a fan of their 10%discount for students, and their amazing after 3pm deal: all sandwiches and cakes in the counter go half price!Unlike most cafes in Edinburgh, cafe Lucannos does seated service and one can pay after they have enjoyed their meal. In addition, their main courses range from pizzas to pastas as well as more hearty options of meat. As for the coffee, well it is not the best in town, and I am rather more of a fan of their milkshakes(just the right amount of thickness). However who can beat half priced cake?They are also one of the few cafes that stays open until 10pm and their huge glass walls allow plenty of light in- and a lot of sun if it's out making the rather plain surroundings more pleasing, however this does sometimes make one feel like they are sitting very closely to the street and to passers by who can literally put their faces up to you! This though proves to be great for people watching on the street too!The service on all 6 times I have been over the past year have been very friendly and unlike some other cafes, was not asked to leave after I had finished my meal- a true Mediterranean gem!
4	On a dark, drizzly night, Stuart and I swung by Caffe Lucano for a hearty bite and a quick heat before braving the neverending winter outside.Aside from being placed (bizarrely) at practically the same table as two high school boys by the waitress, we had a pleasant bite to eat. I'm pretty sure Stuart got some tasty spag bol while I opted for a mini pizza, complete with anchovies. I know, the majority of you guys probably hate them, but I could live off these wee salty dudes. They were especially tasty in here, and service was speedy considering it was fairly busy and I had thrown together a rather bizarre pizza.I'm not sure how it would fair as a restaurant - we were sitting facing out towards the window in the cafe service area. But the food was nice, it was well priced, the staff were bright n breezy and for a quick bite it was rather lovely!
4	I used to visit my friend here for coffee every week. that is how I came to be acquainted with Caffe Lucano. My friend may have left Edinburgh and I may have given up coffee, but I still enjoy sitting in Caffe Lucano with a friend, or reading the paper, drinking decaffeinated cappuccino (how low I have sunk) and occasionally eating lunch.Caffe Lucano is an Italian cafe, if you hadn't guessed, situated near George IV bridge and opposite the more famous Frankenstein. I'm not sure how some of the others managed to have such bad experiences, because every time I have had coffee here it has been lovely and the staff always friendly (admittedly they do warm up more the more you become a regular). The food is decent, although they are better at their light lunched, like their soup and sandwiches (I recommend the spinach and mozzarella focaccia) than their heavier pasta and pizza dishes- the former is better value. I also recommend their milkshakes!As for price, Lucano is at its worst no more expensive than other Italians, considering their bigger main meals. Their lighter lunches, especially with salad or the soup, is good value for money. Furthermore everything at the counter including sandwiches and pastries is all half price after 3pm. On top of that they offer a student discount.A convenient Italian cafe serving decent food for moderate prices.
4	This is a really nice Italian cafe on George IV Bridge with a range of the usual edible and drinkable options. Two things I enjoy most about this place-1. After 3pm the sandwhichs and pastries at the counter are all half price2. They have stools and a counter that runs along the window so I can partake in my favourite pastime- people watching.The service is really good too with really friendly and chatty waitresses that are good at recognising you if you come in more than one or twice and making you feel really welcome
1	Caffe Lucano is one of the only places I can sit down and eat that's really close to the National Library, so that I don't feel guilty for wasting time. They have decent coffee and a friendly staff. But, my god, the food is bad. The sandwiches are dry, the cheesecake tastes like a slice of foam covered in gelatin, and I had spinach and ricotta cannelloni with a tomato sauce that sincerely tasted like vomit. And I'm generally quite forgiving when it comes to food. If something's bland, I add salt and call it a day. But, it was inedible, which made it difficult to equate with my complete inability to leave a plate empty, not because of gluttony, but because that's what I was taught at home. But again, their coffee is kind of redeeming, if not overpriced for what it is, which is just standard. And it is a nice space, and then staff are really kind. As far as food goes, I'd recommend sticking to the bruschetta. They do that well. But then again, there are few places/people who don't.
3	Popular cafe well situated and offering a good spot for people watching on George IV Bridge. Only consumed a pot of tea and a Danish pastry but it was pretty chilled and the service was prompt despite that fact that it was practically full. On this evidence I'd visit again.
1	Oh dear .I have been here several times over the years and have always found this a pleasant if unremarkable cafe.However today's first discovery was that the menu's had been greatly reduced in size and increased in price.the waitress took our order fairly promptly but we then had to wait 15 minutes for a slice of cake and then a further 5 minutes for coffee.She also forgot the water we had ordered and we had to ask again.A few minutes later,crockery was whisked away before we could catch our breath .We felt pushed to leave straight away so went up to the counter to pay.We were overcharged and when I pointed this out to the waiter he said "oh yes,your right" with no apology.I would very rarely write a 1 star review but was so disappointed with the service that I will certainly not be going back.
5	Coffee is the best!Very busy cafe, staff are very friendly and has a really nice homely vibe!Recommend to all.Kx
2	Pizza here is not exactly edible, unless you are not Italian, in which case you might even like it.Pizza is not extremely difficult to make, and it is ridiculously cheap. For this reasons it should be twice as big and half as expensive.And the topping, good Lord...that was so scarse that I thought it was a joke.
3	I had a bit of a chocolate OD here and so felt a bit sick when I left but it was totally my own fault. I did after all have a hot chocolate (hot chocolate is always made perfectly by Italians) which came with marshmallows and cream and i ALSO had a slice of chocolate tiffin. Yes, I'm a greedy little chocolate freak and know I'll have to give it up at some point if I want to stay a size 10!! My mum had the empire buscuit and a black coffee! I wouldn't scream about the place but it was pretty good!
3	Oh my yummity yum. Caffe Lucano, your milkshake brings Cressida to the yard. Lemony milkshake deliciousness that was so thick I could not resist blowing down my straw to see how long the bubbles would take to surface. Yes indeedy. I shall be returning for more of this.I shall also be returning to try pretty much every single thing on the menu, since it took me the length of the Cretaceous period to decide on risotto calabrese because everything looked so good. And judging by the standard of my risotto calabrese (and of my friend's extraordinary risotto with rabbit ragout), I won't be disappointed.From the outside, this looks just kind a standard cafe - a bit clinical and basic, with the usual sneeze-guard counter of pleasant looking cakes and a list of hot drinks. But we fell in here sort of on a whim and found a menu of wonders (luckily we didn't see the entire blackboard-wall of specials or we would never have reached a decision).So why only three stars? Well, when we arrived, the waiter lad had his head stuck in a cupboard, blocking our entry, and took a long time to move. He was pretty dilatory with all the service and didn't ever actually check up on us or offer to bring us more drinks. He just sort of shuffled around in his trainers and jeans. We were in there for more than two hours, so you'd think he'd have at least said something, but each time we needed something we just had to kind of wave.But whatever. The food was yumtastic and oh, the milkshake. And they have a nice range of hot chocolates too. And the ice cream sundaes sounded awesome, if a little pricey. So, like I said, I'll be back, and I look forward to it.
3	Like other reviewers before me I find this place a bit hit or miss. It's just round the corner from work so it's often a go-to for a decent coffee. I've tried it for lunch a few times but I find the service slow & the food overpriced given the other venues round about. The coffees are definitely the best thing on their menu.
4	One of the best cafes in edinburgh. I've been going there for years and years. The first non smoking cafe. Long ago when smoking was still allowed inside. Superb food. Beautifully presented, love the pasta dishes.  I find the portions good for the money charged. Genuine staff. And I think they still do half price pasteries after a certain time in the afternoon. Scrumptious. Very European.  Like visiting the continent. Enjoy!!
4	So I had a not fantastic experience here a while ago but decided to give it another go recently.I've been for coffee and a pastry a few times recently and found the cappuccino to be quite delicious, the pastries pleasant but the macchiato rather disappointing. I think the coffee beans used were maybe a little old or too much water had been allowed through the machine. However, today I had a really fantastic lunch there. We started off with a cappuccino since we technically hadn't had breakfast (it was as good as normal) then swiftly moved on to a pasta and wine lunch.I ordered the cavatelli with roast pork ragu' and it was completely to my taste. All of their pasta is homemade, so it was nice and thick and definitely not overcooked (al dente all the way please!) and the sauce was lovely. Really tomato-y, seasoned well and obviously made with fresh herbs. And the portion was huge! Kept me going all day.My partner opted for the scialatielli with fresh mussels. Again, homemade, thick pasta. Very yummy. The sauce was nice too. Not too strong tasting of mussels and the addition of tarragon was quite unique but it definitely worked.We had the house wine which was inexpensive and perfectly acceptable. Service was good, they were friendly and, even though our waiter dropped one of our glasses, no big deal was made of it. I hate when people fuss and apologise 7 times. It's a nice place to sit too. Not too big, but not so small that you feel everyone can hear your conversation. And I liked the Italian maps etc. scattered around the place. Overall, I would recommend this place for a nice plate of pasta for lunch or a quick bite to eat after work. I had a bad experience of the pizza a while back but I'd be definitely be willing to give it another go after my good experience today.
5	Had a very good lunch here.wife had spaghetti bolognese which was delicious and i had a panini which was also very good. very good prices vs. the quality of food/service. very un-assuming place so when we had our delicious meal we were very happy we chose to eat here.
5	Came here for an early dinner when it was nearly empty but quickly filled up shortly after we arrived. The server was very friendly and genuine, a breath of fresh air after a day of travel. I ordered the sweet potato stuffed with quinoa, spinach and other various goodies. The flavors together were amazing, I've tried re-creating it at home and just can't! My friend and I shared a simple brownie sundae which was tasty as well. They had a huge catering order going out that evening which didn't seem to affect our food order.
4	I'm not that often in here, but it's a good choice if you just want a simple pasta dish without the full Italian restaurant experience. They do good lunch deals too, although there's usually too much cheese or dairy in everything for my lactose-intolerant taste so I just stick to the soup.In the mornings it's pleasant to sit in the window seats by the counter with a coffee and a sticky while you peruse the papers or watch the world go by.
