5	Great customer Service! and the quality of the photo's are freaking awesome! Dean the photographer helps you if you have never taken professional photo's before! He's a nice guy too very easy going and good with jokes!
5	Dean is a great instructor. His intro to DSLR class was very easy to understand and I learned a lot.
5	I took the intro to photography class. Dean walked us through every dial of my dslr. I would not have known what those were for if it were not for this class. He gave great examples and never had a problem with answering any questions. I felt very comfortable and learned a lot. This class is exactly what it is- a "DSLR Introduction to Photography Class. He walks you through everything. I would highly reccomend it. I have taken other classes with other instructors and I would have to say that Dean by far- explains everything so much better and clear. Keep in mind I did not have any prior background to using a DSLR and took his class. The only thing I would have loved is if we went out and took pictures shortly after the class. Other than that I loved the class and I'm sure I could take another class with him for that.  Thanks again, Dean!
5	Got a great groupon deal for an " Intro to Photography class" and couldn't wait to attend. Over 3 months, I always had some work event pop up the day of class, and had to cancel at least 4 or 5 times. Dean was so understanding and allowed me to reschedule. I finally attended the workshop last week and was so impressed. It really was a well organized workshop on how to take photos. He really broke it down from basics (lens, aperture, shutter speed, modes etc...) so now I have a better understanding of my camera. He's well versed in both Canon and Nikon cameras. It was interesting and made the workshop worth attending. Can't wait to take pictures!
5	I took Dean's Secrets to Creative Photography class and having taken other workshops from various places, I wasn't expecting much. To say the least, I was pleasantly surprised. The curriculum was unique and his delivery was easy to understand. More importantly, it was interesting. If you are looking for honest and straight forward critique, take one of his classes. Fair warning, he will coax the creative out of you so just let go of any and all inhibitions before you enter the studio. Your resistance is futile.
