4	Great area with brick walls.  Some old doors used to help divide the room from the aisle.  Ordered the new Caribbean Jerk Turkey burger that has some jerked pineapple and Mango x Lime Mayo. Loved the flavor combos.  Couldn't pass up the great fresh handcut french fries. The Boylan Vintage soda machine is great!They have a take out door on the side for those that call ahead with an order!
3	Stopped in for lunch at the brand-spanking-new Hello Bistro and was reminded of a Panera with more character (and more grease). You order at the counter, take a number card, and then your food is delivered to your table. As a bonus, they bus your tables after you're done eating. It was quite crowded for lunch today, but the turnover was quick and there were always tables available, so I was impressed.I found the fries to be a bit greasy but a great deal at $2 for a large paper bag of them. I see some late-night snacking to be done here. The salads are the real winner here. Big bowls overflowing with fresh veggies and meat in any combination you can imagine (or you can cheat like me and pick one of their standards.) It's a tad on the expensive side for casual fast food, but probably one of the healthiest lunch options on the South Side if you stick to their salads. Overall, this will make a nice addition to South Side lunch options and an easy quick dinner option when you want a burger or a salad. The tin-style ceiling, exposed brick, and general niceness of the decor also take it a step up for your average lunch fare.
3	I happened to be in the Southside recently and decided to try Hello Bistro from all the good things that I had heard about their Oakland location.  Having heard from friends that they are known for their salads I decided to get the Jamaican shrimp salad and I couldn't resist a side of french fries.  I was disappointed in my salad as it was mainly leaves...I was hard pressed to find morsels of corn, black beans or avocado.  I feel like there was the same number of shrimp as there were black beans...now this might sound like a good thing to you considering how small black beans are and theoretically how many they could have poured on the salad but I think I counted 7 black beans in my salad...most were timidly hiding behind the numerous lettuce leaves that seemed to be overwhelming the bowl.  The dressing was lightly spread across all the leaves which I enjoyed rather than in a glob on top of the salad.   The real highlight was the french fries.  They give them to you in a bag...like anyone needs a bag of french fries.  But they sure were tasty, very fresh - you could tell them came right out of the fryer.  And they were thin - all in all the highlight of my meal.
5	My daughter has been here many times and knew I would love it.  If you love salads, this is the place to be!  It's amazing what you get for $7.  As you walk along the cafeteria line, the servers provide your choice of lettuces, then add as many toppings as you want ... great toppings ... not your standard run of the mill place.  I piled on 20 different toppings ... lots of artichoke hearts, kalamata olives, goat cheese, quinoa, lentils just to name a few.  And, interesting dressings.  I chose the lime citrus vinaigrette, yummy.  Also, includes a slice of bread if you ask for it.  The salad probably weighed 2 lbs and could have been eaten by 2 people!  And, coffee for only $1!  I will definitely be going back to Hello Bistro.They also offered table service with a nice decor and unique sandwiches, burgers, etc. but we took ours to go on the way to the pool.
4	It's the Boylan's soda fountain that keeps me coming back for more! I mean, I love the concept of this place with made to order salads. But man, do I love me some Boylan's Cream Soda! Only thing that woulda made this experience perfect is if they had diet cream soda. It only comes in black cherry, which is a strong second in my book. But let's get serious. There's more to this place than Boylan's (I guess:).I may have said this in my Oakland Hello Bistro review, but it still blows my mind that Pittsburgh doesn't have more, if any, made to order salad places. It seems that in NYC there's one on every block. So you'd think that would trickle down to Pittsburgh at some point. Finally it has, with Eat n' Parks version.Which means the best of Eat n' Park! That includes their superburger and grilled cheese. If only they had grilled stickies it would complete the trifecta! But coming here I try to stick to MOSTLY (see: Boylan's obsession) salads, since they do them right.I love the fact that they toss in what you want, how much dressing you need and mix it. Those are always the main problems when you get a salad to go. I opted for their choice of the Caribbean Shrimp Salad. I thought it was good, but not quite what I had remembered it to be. THEN, I tried my friends salad dressing, the citrus chipotle BBQ, and went, danggit, I should have switched things up! It was gooood! My bad. Next time I'm doing things differently. But somehow I still think its going to be tasty. And as long as they have friendly service (which they did) and Boylan's soda, I'm sold!I'm glad there's now one in South Side too because I didn't think there were a lot of healthy, fast local options. I'll be stopping for my soda and salad again soon!
4	I really love Hello Bistro, where there's the most delicious salad I have ever eaten. I usually choose shrimp/steak salad by you, which means I can select food I love. There are a lot of types of fruit, vegetable, and crunchies. I always choose Apple Cider dressing and it's very delicious. I must recommend Hello Bistro as the best salad to others.
2	I work downtown and made a special trip to the Southside location for lunch with my sister. I have been to the Oakland location and enjoyed the entire experience- food and customer service- so I was looking forward to lunch. My actual meal was fine (American Grill burger and fries). It was the customer service that left much to be desired. My sister ordered a custom salad. She had an important phone call come through and asked me to finish her order. The girl making the salad (Caitlin) was extremely unfriendly. Rudely asking "what else" and acting annoyed when I had to think about it (mind you - the place was NOT busy at all so it's not like I was holding up a line). When we came to the end of the line, she plopped the salad down and just stared at me. When I asked what else she needed to know she said "I have more questions for her" and just stared at my sister who had stepped aside. I responded that I knew what to order. She made no eye contact, finished the salad, and plopped it on the counter for me to take. No "thank you" or "have a nice day" or anything. I won't be back.
2	In a nutshell: Go for the burgers, skip the salads. The service? Abysmal. Details.The line to order at the register was short. The wait to order was looonnng. Definitely training needed there as when we placed our order the chick was confused. Benefit of the doubt...maybe it was her first day. One can only hope. The food. My Buffalo Bleu Burger made me smile from ear to ear nit only because of the crusty grilled and browned griddled burger exterior, but they put it on a GLUTEN FREE BUN! I'll go back again and again for that burger!Now the downside of the food. The salads. If you like a giant bowl of greens and not much else, maybe you'll be a happy camper, but when you're paying for a salad with corn, black beans, avocado, tortilla strips and chicken you expect to be able to find them instead of playing hide and seek. And back to the service. The burger was delivered to our table first. And we waited a while for the salad. When it finally arrived, there was dressing all over when the dressing was supposed to be on the side. When pointed out, the waitress (who had been the same confused chick at the register) nearly slapped her own forehead as she said aloud, "that's right!" She took it back as my burger continued to cool. Clueless Chick returned with the massive pile of lettuce and dressing the side. Yay her! But this time, although the aforesaid veggies were still playing hide and seek, the chicken was missing. Up to the salad assembly line went my dining companion and eventually returned with the missing chicken. Yes, my burger was cold...And so was the "grilled" newly found chicken. And it was bland and tasteless. I finished my cold-by-then burger, Kimber picked a little, trying to eat the salad but left it mostly untouched. Go for the burger, skip the salads and PRAY for better service! Maybe better yet, skip this particular location completely and hope another location is better.
2	Didn't impress me the first time, but gave it another shot. Same poor results. -Food: bland, small portions that don't justify the price. Had a breakfast sandwich the first time, and it was all bagel with little-to-no egg or meat. My girlfriend and I both got burgers the second time, and they were very disappointing given the hype they indicate on the menu and signage. Burgers were small, bland, and way over cooked. Best part was the bun, which engulfed and otherwise paltry piece of meat. Fries were awesome. -Timing: took way, way too long. I understand the "fresh" aspect of the food, and respect that greatly, but if I knew I was going to wait 15 minutes for 2 small burgers in an otherwise empty restaurant, I would have gone somewhere else. - Staff: somewhat friendly, but were much more worried about socializing in a group in the back corner. -Atmosphere: awesome, great feel! Really like how they bring the food to you, even though it took much, much longer than expected. Overall, I'm not sure I'd try Hello Bistro again. There are plenty of other options in the South Side, and I'll likely be taking my daily business elsewhere.
2	Erin S. - Just following up with you and Hello Bistro. Thanks for your response to my review. Although I got back to you immediately with the info you requested, 2 1/2 months later I still haven't heard anything further. Odd.
4	Top place to get salad to go.  Create your own because its the best way to get the toppings you want...lots of choices prepared for you just point as you go...I love it.   My favorite is how they chop the salad to your request personally I like small bites. The citrus vinigrette (may have been lime) is really good and the "salad maker" asks you how much dressing you want...it comes out perfect every time!  I'm such a salad lover!  Wish it was all healthy but I love my cheese.  Not sure who is ordering burgers here I mean really you burger ordering loonies its all about salad here.
5	A health nut's oasis in the Southside, but still enough choices outside the salad bar to please anyone. I love how you can customize every part of your order - the lettuce, toppings, dressing, even down to the bite size and most of all that you don't have to weigh it by the end. I could honestly eat here everyday and never get tired of it. Every time I go, they have new salad bar additions - kale/spinach mix, wheat berries, asparagus, etc - that shows the owners really like to keep innovative. I'm sure if this were in a more health conscious city (that doesn't put fries on everything) this place would be booming, similar to Sweet Green. But they will always have my loyalty!
4	As other reviewers have said, the salads look amazing.  I wouldn't know because in the middle of South Side Salad Mecca, I ordered a burger.  Not just any burger, though.While the patty was a traditional Eat n Park patty, the toppings made the Mean Green Avocado Burger the orgasmic experience that it was.  Maybe I'm overreacting a little, but it really was delicious: creamy avocado slices, crisp red onions, a tangy "secret sauce," and thick Swiss cheese on a pillowy-soft brioche bun.I'll get around to trying salads one of these days, but I need to work my way through the burger and sandwich menu first!
5	I'm really excited about Hello Bistro. I was heading to pinball with my boyfriend and our good friend, and he showed us Hello Bistro. I was a bit overwhelmed by all of the options, but I went with a veggie burger and fries. My boyfriend got one of their salads. The salad process is probably the most notable and unique part of Hello Bistro. There are tons of choices for your salad starting with a variety of healthy greens. There's just about every veggie you could hope for, a lot of nuts and seeds and a variety of cheese toppings. The dressings are yummy too - he chose chipotle lime vinaigrette. All of the ingredients looked fresh and recently prepped. That's a plus, since it's easy to let those items sit out all day. My veggie burger was large and filling. It tasted phenomenal, too. The crispy fries were skinny and flavorful. The order of fries is large enough to share between two or three people depending on how much of a fry monger you are. One of my favorite parts of Hello Bistro is probably the fountain sodas. They're real sodas without icky chemicals. Creme soda and birch beer soda from a fountain? Dream come true. I mixed the creme soda and ginger ale together for a really tasty combination. They aren't anymore expensive than your average fountain drink, either. Hello Bistro is my new obsession. I'm pretty excited to go back, and I think next time I'll get one of those salads. The only downside is that it is kind of pricey for what you get. Two sodas, a salad, a veggie burger and fries ran us about $30. For "fast" food, it's a bit steep. Though, the quality and customer service really outweighs any negatives here.
5	I adore this place and go there for lunch at least once a week.  They give you a huge portion for salads and the dressings are always great.  So glad to have this healthy option.  The pesto vinaigrette is great!
5	Hello Bistro is a new chain and is owned by local restaurant chain Eat N' Park so yes, they have smiley cookies.The similarities end there.Upon entering the Bistro you find out that they have BEER. Yes, that's right. BEER.  Now we gaze upon the menu.  What initially may appear simple quickly becomes complicated.  IMO a tad to complicated for lunchtime when I visited.  They have a bunch of burgers and I had one.  It was excellent. Get one when you want to be bad. Greasy and delicious.  Upon my next visit I ventured to the dark arts of the salad.  So much so I brought my Hello Bistro Ninja master coworker to guide me through the plethora of options.  I think without her help I would not have been as happy with the place.  She showed me how to select the correct combinations to yield and excellent good for you salad. Overall I was pleased.  Upon my third visit I got one of their pre selected salad varieties and if you believe their nutrition info it had under 300 calories for the big bowl it came in.  Something with apples.  At any rate it was also quite good.The service is fast and the place is clean.  Prices are fair to good.  Did I mention the soda fountain has some really good pop?  Yes pop. Not soda and I'm not even from here.So venture on down and see how you like it.
5	I tried Hello Bistro for the first time last week while on a business trip to South Side. Absolutely LOVED it! I have had two salads there, and the staff has been extremely nice, the salad and all of the vegetables were extremely fresh and crisp. Having them chop it up? Amazing! Even the prices weren't bad, compared to other places where you may not get choices as fresh as the ones at Hello Bistro. Very comparable (even a little cheaper than some). When I go back to the area, I will absolutely be visiting Hello Bistro again - I may even have to try the location on Forbes for dinner, too. :-)
4	Was recommended to stop here by my sister and I was so glad we did. Order a make your own salad fit for a king, they have every imaginable salad addition you could crave. Besides the salad, their salad dressings come in a great assortment and they'll let you try them all if you want. The lime vinaigrette and BBQ chipotle shouldn't be missed, they elevate the salad to another level.Usually I'm not a soda drinker but with a Boylan's fountain, I couldn't help it. They also have beer...yes, beer!
4	Sort of a hipster style health food cafe similar to panera without the ridiculously overpriced pastries. Salads, burgers paninis etc.  Menu is fully customizable.  Boylan soda fountain.  Staff is polite and informative. Very clean and symmetrical dining area. I opted for the chicken fiesta salad.
4	Stopped here on a spur of the moment lunch and I'm so happy we did !!! I chose to make my own salad and it was nice seeing them make it right in front of you.  I also loved the fact that you see how fresh all the salad options are, and there's just sooo many you can possibly think of !!! It was sooo good and I can't wait to go back for another healthy, clean, fresh salad :)
4	I had seen the Bistro while waking down Carson and wanted to try it. I brought my oldest son who is 22. Hello Bistro is owned by Eat N Park. Ear N Park restaurants are a long standing tradition in Pittsburgh. The menu offers burgers, a selection of grilled cheeses, and salads. I ordered the Superburger special-a Superburger, fries, and your choice of a fountain drink or a PBR. (The weirdest part of Hello Bistro is that they serve beer. They don't in their restaurants.). My son ordered a Buffalo Blue burger. Our meals came out on silver metal trays the size of old school frozen dinners. Our burgers were hot and juicy. The fries came in a paper bag. They were hot and salty. We both liked our meals. The only down side is that our table was not clean. Of course we bought Smiley cookies to munch on while we walked around Carson.
4	Just tried Hello Bistro for the first time, and it was amazing!! I love salad, and I get them basically every restaurant I go to. Build your own salad is the best concept in life, and they have a plethora of salad toppings and dressings. Most definitely recommend!
5	I love this place and I am so sad that I no longer live in Southside. Personally, I think they have the best buffalo chicken salad I have ever had, but that's just me.I love the staff here! They are always welcoming and friendly. I feel like I am picky with what I want on my salad, and they have always understood that with a smile! The service is always quick and super fresh, and anything I have had here was good. First time I tried Hello Bistro I got their Turkey Burger with mango salsa, and boy was that tasty!! No need for mustard or ketchup, which is shocking for me. Everything had so much flavor! I also ordered fries on the side which came in a brown paper bag - super neat. I love the fries also! They are thinner which I like and most places don't have that.Now for the reason that I am totally in love with this place - their salads! They have salads you can pick from, create your own, or a mix of both. I always got the buffalo chicken salad. I customized it as I don't like blu cheese, but wanted to add this or that. It was never an issue! The salad comes with grilled chicken and the sauces/dressed is already mixed in with the greens once they bring the salad to you. Im sure you can ask for the dressing on the side, but I like that I didn't have to make a mess trying to mix in my dressing. Plus it is always perfect amount of buffalo sauce and dressing. Honestly crave the salads from there and I wish there was a closer location to me! I can only hope they will expand and I can enjoy this deliciousness one again more conveniently!
5	A salad paradise. Unlimited options on the salad bar, and delicious sandwiches and fries. This is a salad I'd go way out of my way for. Good job Hello Bistro!
4	Grabbed breakfast here with a friend. I was very impressed with the healthy selections (and reasonable prices).
4	Helloooo my new favorite place!! Stopped by here for a quick lunch and didn't think I would be so happy and satisfied. I got the avocado veggie burger and i don't even remember chewing - it was so good i couldn't eat fast enough. The fries were a bit on the salty side but for $2 you get a lot of fries. I really like this place and I want to try every burger (veggie) possible.
