5	Organic produce delivered to your home year 'round! It's great especially if you're buying bulk staples elsewhere and just need the fresh stuff more regularly. It helped me eat more of a variety and try new things too. Although you can make special requests if you have favorites and "yuck!"s. Check them out on their website. I feel really good supporting this type of business... I've talked with the owners before and they're really sweet- as expected.http://www.theabsoluteorganics.com/
5	I found out about Absolute Organics from my yoga studio, where they offer us apples and pears that Absolute Organics delivered. I picked up a brochure because the fruit was always so freakin' good, but I figured that organic produce delivered to my door would be a luxury I couldn't afford.I was wrong! For $30 a week, I was able to get a box big enough to feed two people. For a while this summer, I actually backed down to a box every other week.The produce is awesome, and it's kind of like Christmas every week when the box comes. You get an email ahead of time with information on the next week's delivery, and you can request changes (I have enough lettuce, so skip the Romaine for me this week, etc.). The people are friendly, and their website is quick and easy to use. If you lean to the green, check them out!http://www.theabsoluteorganics.com
5	Organic produce is expensive, y'all. But through Absolute Organics it's not only more affordable but super convenient to snack on delightful organic produce.Here's the deal...you go to their website, choose the size box and frequency that fits your family's budget and/or appetite and order away. Hubs and I like the $30 box every other week. Some major positive points:1) You're able to designate which fruits/veggies you don't like, so they try to avoid sending you those. 2) You receive an email every Thursday before your delivery (our delivery is on Tuesdays) so you can make changes to your box (substitutions, etc. are super easy) or, if you want/need to cancel your delivery it's no problemo. It's just an email away. 3) The folks who send out and respond to the emails are quick, efficient and downright sweet. You'll also find recipes attached in each email too! 4) The produce - it's great. It's always delivered on time and in practically perfect condition. The variety changes per season, too! Since they deliver produce year round, not all of the items are locally grown. i.e. Can't get bananas or oranges from NC in December. But, their staff did specify that they try to use as much local produce as possible during whichever season it is. For example, a box in late November had 10 different items in it and 5 were grown in NC. If you rely on organic produce, or you just want to give it a try, Absolute Organics is a great local company!
2	We signed up for this service at the recommendation of my neighbor who has also been using it for a while.  Signed up for the $40 box every other week.  They send you an e mail prior to the delivery to let you know what would be in your box and you have the option of substituting an item for another, for example if you don't want red kale you can get more broccoli.  They deliver it to your door and if you're not home leave a cooler outside.We went through a few deliveries where we found that our neighbor who was getting the $30 box was getting the exact same amount of stuff than we were getting.  An oversight by the company and it was rectified, credits were issued. During the time we communicated to them via email we have gotten many out of office replies and explanations of "system issues" which was the cause for some of the confusion about what we were supposed to receive.  We received blueberries with mold on them, it was corrected by giving us more red kale on the next order, not an even swap IMO.  The last box we received our neighbor who, again, receives the same box we get (we switched to the $30 box) had these HUGE bananas and much better quality produce than us.  I guess the secret to this service is to make sure you're not comparing your order to others near youHere's the deal.  This service is great, in principle.  Organic produce delivered right to your door, family owned business etc....but for what you're paying vs. what you get elsewhere.....you can gain a better value going to Trader Joes and picking out what you really want vs. what this service decides to give you.    In this day and age, it is essential for any business to be "easy to do business with".  IMO everytime we had to touch this company or they had to touch us there was an issue.
5	During my time in Concord they saved my life :-o  Their price is very reasonable,  they do wonderful job keep updating what is coming this week,  what time to expect delivery, recipe suggestion, etc etc.  It is unusual that you can set your "dislike" list in advance, and even if item is not on your "dislike" list you can omit it when you receive "what's in this week" email, without any change fee.  Highly recommended!
