5	Nice place Great Golf .. Very relaxingFood is fantasticnot too far from scottsdale. Ask for a ride to the outlets in Albany its free. But the resort is kind of expensive but all in all its worth it. Althopight many people will not visit this place. I had to put my .$0.02 in it .. i like this place and its cool nuff said
4	My wife and I recently stayed at the resort for a long weekend. We were attracted to the more rural location and the deal we got on Expedia (about $70 off/night). Admittedly our expectations were low, the pictures do not help, but we were pleasantly surprised when we pulled up in front. The resort has an attractive entrance and lobby decorated with many impressive mineral and crystal specimens native to the southwest. The staff throughout was very friendly and helpful but the bell staff was exceptional. The parking is tight so they offer valet service as part of your resort fee. There was always multiple bell staff on at all hours and never a wait of more than 5 minutes for the car.  Well worth the couple bucks in tips. We stayed in a premier resort room, which had a patio over looking the pool. The room was very spacious and decently appointed complete with a flat screen TV, large desk and comfortable leather chair.  The King bed was quite comfortable although some of linens were a little on the scratchy (cheap) side. The bathroom was smallish but nice, with a tiled walk-in shower. Nothing spectacular but clean and very large. The resort itself offers tons to do beyond the normal pool and hot tub. There are three fire pits scattered around the nicely manicured property.  Each stocked with wood and lit by staff. The main pit features an oral historian telling Hopi Indian stories each night.  "S'more" kits available at the saloon for $5 complete with purpose-made marshmallow toasting forks.  Also, featured is a "copper mine" for the kids to dig around in, a little Frisbee golf course and glass blowing studio, although we never made it to any of those. The saloon serves quite good burgers and pizzas from the wood fired oven in the main restaurant. They were delicious although a little too cold from the jaunt over.  The Saloon has Billiards tables, foosball and cork dart boards all free of charge for guests.  The morning barista pulled a decent espresso drink each morning and the concierge on staff and was very helpful, though one never made the spa appointments I requested.We had a spectacular tapas brunch on Sunday.  Multiple courses the most notable being the perfectly cooked lamb chops with herbed crust and an interesting salad of watermelon, fennel bulb and feta cheese. My wife and I both cook and we were quite impressed with the quality, again I had low expectations due to history with the "resort brunch" which is generally lowest common denominator food. A good deal at $25/person. We were stuffed before it was time for dessert but our waitress kindly packed our dessert and cheese course for us to take with us to the ball game. Very accommodating.  All in all the three meals we had there were above average.   The dining room could have been cleaner and the service a little more prompt, but overall we were very pleased.If you're looking for a family friendly (we're coming back with the kids next year) on the quieter side, I would definitely recommend this place. It's a great location to do outdoor things and close to the nice little towns of Carefree and Cave Creek. The resort definitely has a few rough edges; it's not the Boulders or the Biltmore, but if your not expecting all-out luxury it's great and the price is right.
5	I had a wonderful stay at the Carefree Resort & Villas.  It is nice sometimes to drive the 30 min. to carefree and feel like you are out of town on vacation.  It is that much of a departure from busy city life. The resort is beautiful.  From the instant you walk in you are swept in to a southwest retreat.  The sitting area in the lobby is stunning with a fireplace and nice couches/chairs to relax.  Great rooms, we stayed in the Sonoran Villas.  They are decorated in traditional southwest style. I did not have a chance to go to the pool, it was nice, but I've seen better. There was a bar setup near the pool, which was convenient.  We tried the Red Horse Saloon restaurant located in the resort.  The decor was nice, again keeping theme with the southwest style.  I was very pleased with the food here and good drinks. Next time we need a quick getaway I will be sure to book a weekend stay here.
5	We stayed in the Villas in June, 2008 and plan to return in January 2009.  Fantastic staff, good food, beautiful property.
3	I stayed here the night before my wedding with my bridesmaids. There were 5 of us total, and we shared one room. The room was a nice size, two queen beds, two desks, a mini table, and a reclining chair. We arrived late Friday night and had issues checking in. We made our reservations online, and they claimed we did not. Keep your confirmation number if you reserve online - it will come in handy. Also, you have to park down this hill in their lot, and I'm not sure if it's because it was late and they didn't have a golf-cart service going (we saw several parked in the lot), but you have to walk up this ridiculously steep slope with all of your luggage to get to the lobby. We swam a little Friday night, and the pool was less than thrilling. It was just your average pool with about a thousand chairs strewn about its deck. There's one small jaccuzzi. The hotel itself is ok, not the nicest. The hallways can be compared to your average Best Western. We didn't dine at any of the restaurants, but we did grab some quick morning snacks at their cafe in the lobby. Nothing special here - a few pieces of fresh fruit, bottled water and odwallas, some yoplait yogurt, and a few uber-processed muffins. Completely overpriced, as well. Not sure if our stay was just too short or what, but for the price of this place I'd rather shell out a little more and stay down the street at The Boulders.
2	I do the usual checking of every travel website to find that every one of them has a deal at the Carefree Resort and Villas for $47 per night during Labor Day Weekend.  Whoopeee!! I hit the jackpot.  This place looked nice from the pictures, the reviews on Yelp were mostly positive, and we had never been to Carefree/Cave Creek.  Pack the bags, put the puppies in a kennel and away we go.Check in: No problems here after the guy in front of us quit hogging the desk-clerk's attention for 15 minutes or more. During this wait, we realize that the main dining room is closed and our options are narrowed down to the saloon and the Mesquite Room.  Our actual check-in took maybe a total of 2 minutes.Awesome. Now it's time to get some grub at the "Saloon." Except the saloon is bright and clean and nice, unlike any saloon I've ever been in.  And the food? $25 per plate buffet.  At this point we were feeling a bit hosed.Day 1: Husband uses the bathroom and the toilet won't flush so we head down to let the front desk know and go over to the Mesquite Room to get some breakfast. ANOTHER FRIGGIN' BUFFET! My husband, who eats very small meals, and even smaller breakfasts, refused to even eat.  Minus the sad excuse for a bagel, the breakfast was okay and only cost $15.We go back to the room, and the toilet is fixed. Yay!  I use it, and again it won't flush. Boo.  Another call to the front desk, in which the clerk says that they will send someone up to fix it again.  Two minutes later, the clerk calls back to say that there is a part missing on it and that they'll switch us to a new room.  Why the runaround?  Why didn't they just do that after the first visit from maintenance revealed that the toilet was broken? But we get a new room that is allegedly bigger (by millimeters if at all) and with the upgrade of a flushing toilet.  woohoo.Time for my long awaited, much anticipated, call to the spa to schedule a pedicure and massage.  $115 for a 50 minute massage, $70 for a spa pedicure.  I was so bummed about the outrageous prices, I took a nap watching our 15 inch television.In an attempt to feel a little better, we head down to the pool to find it full of families and children. Eh. But the pool bar is open and serving burgers and other food.  Yay!  The turkey burger was awesome and almost helped me to forget the lame time we had been having. Few more drinks, time for a nap, you get the idea.  This is pretty much how the rest of the weekend went.  Eat, drink, nap, repeat.One final complaint.  The room service breakfast was HORRIBLE!!!  My $14 breakfast burrito was mostly lettuce, a little bit of canned refried beans, and some unidentifiable piece of protein.  The semi-tasty guacamole helped a little, but I would have needed buckets to make it good.Overall: If you feel like hanging out at a schticky, wild west themed hotel that has overpriced amenities, then please go here.  $47 is not a deal, it's about what this place is worth at any time of the year.
3	I stayed here a few months ago.. just a one night getaway.. we got a really great deal, but certainly did not get our moneys worth. First of all, both ice machines were broken, so we couldn't get ice. When I called the front desk, they told me that they were too busy to send any to the room, but I could go to the bar to get some. That made me mad, yes. Second, the restaurant was not serving food because evidently there had been a flood in the kitchen in recent days. Third, there was a gap about an inch high under our door, so every bug known to man was crawling in the room. It only amplified when it started to rain. Fortunately we are crafty and we bunched some towels up under the door. The bed was comfy, they have good plasma screen TV's, the shower was dope and they had a cool pool... but they had some serious issues that will prevent me from staying here again.
3	Not an exceptional resort by any means, but as long as you do not expect too much, it's a good stay.  This location is notable for its promimity to....(wait for it) (wait for it)  NOTHING.The "villas" are the small condos across the street from the main resort.  They are ok, have all the basic ammenties.  I was surprised to find they had free wireless.  Pleasantly surprised in fact!Housekeeping was good.  The pool at the villas was closed and extremely green so you had to walk up to the main resort and use the pool there.I would normally be at a Hilton property but in this case my wife has a PTA convention here so we came up to spend time with mom and support her.    One word of warning, if you are driving up here, watch out for the cops hiding in every bush and desert weed they can find.  They are real sneaky bastards in this area for some reason.  I guess this place has the kind of cops that were teased as children and they want to take it out on society now.
3	This is our 2nd year having a convention at the Carefree resort and I reserved my review specifically because it's not always fair to judge by first impression. I will compare last year's stay to this year's stay.Last year, our group was spread all over the resort. Some in regular rooms, some in villas. It would have been nice to keep us more in closer proximity, but it was also nice to hide-away as well. Last year, it felt like our group was an afterthought to a rather large wedding party that was there for the days we were there. After thinking about it, I have to wonder if they weren't dealing with a major bridezilla. But still...when you have over 250 people at a convention at a resort, we should have been more than an afterthought. Frankly I was disappointed last year when I heard we would be returning because of how second-hand the service was. After coming back this year, I can honestly say that we received much better service.  With respect to accommdations, last year we had a huge villa with a kitchen. This year we had a jr. villa which is really nothing more than a 2 room VERY SMALL suite that you would find at Hilton or Marriott. The price for the large villas was reasonable last year but completely outrageous this year. Apparently the economy isn't a factor at this resort. I got a jr. villa this year for the price I paid for the big villa last year and the jr. villa was not worth the price I paid for it. Again, 2 very small rooms that really could have been better as one large room if they knocked out the center wall. Both rooms were nicely accommodated and the housekeeping was very good--prompt and stealthy. Meaning you didn't get a rap on the door with the announcement of HOUSEKEEPING at 9AM. That gets stars for me. :)As a convention center, the resort is lacking if your group is larger. The convention rooms are kind of small considering the size of our group. We had more people this year and we were crammed in every day to rooms that were just too small for our group. I don't know if that's the resort's fault or the fault of our convention chair but we could have used more space...period. The rooms' a/c was also very noisy as well. So noisy I kept looking for a wall or window unit and was surprised that it truly was coming from above us.Compared to last year though, the resort had improved considerably in the area of food. Last year I had heartburn for 2 days straight from the food but this year, the food was way better at every service point. It's hard to serve a large group and maintain quality and temperature but this year, the resort managed to do both.While this is not by any stretch of the imagination the nicest resort I've ever stayed in, it was very adequate as a getaway from town as well as improving on its ability to handle conventions. You can see my hubby's review of the amenities of the resort if you are interested in what else the resort offers.
3	The property is quite beautiful. Although it was 37 deg in the winter, the desert landscapes and exterior decor is quite amazing. In the villa's there is a small pool, but a much bigger one with a jacuzzi in the main facility approximately 1/4 mile down the road.Thats the good part...First the room we were staying in was odd.. All the villa's are a 3 compartment room consisting of either a bedroom, a living area, and a 3 stage bathroom (toilet, vanity, and shower area). Ours was odd in that you entered into the living room, with the restrooms to the left and the bedroom to the right... So.. If you had to go to the restroom, you would have to pass through the living areas to get there.For most of my stays, I rate a great hotel having 3 major elements. Comfortable Bed, Shower Head, and just overall appeal.The bed was comfortable, but the pillow was way overstuff, and i ended up sleeping without it, which made a crappy sleep.The amenities were clean and nicely decorated, but the shower was abysmal. Not only was the flow extremely weak, but the tub portion of the shower drained very slow... So either the plumbing didn't given enough pressure, or in their attempt to save water, they forced me to take a 3x longer shower... go figure.. Big negatives.I didn't get to eat, but if the food was as good as the mexican place down the street was (El Encanto) I may give this place another half star but, its only OK.
3	I want to give the resort 31/2 stars. There are definitely some stand out features of the resort. This includes the dinner menu. We started with the Trio of Crab Guacamole, Black Bean Hummus and Salsa then rolled into a Heirloom Salad which was delightful and tasty. I finished with the fliet and it was cooked perfectly. The bonus to the dinner experience is that we were able to eat on the patio at the Red Horse Saloon. It was a beautiful evening with a spectacular view of Arizona Desert. The service was prompt and all taken care of by the bartender. Overall the service was prompt and attentive. The resort is in a beautiful location and the grounds are a designed with a prominent western theme.The down side of the resort was the rooms. The linens were nice and the balcony was pretty sweet. But the bathroom was sorely outdated. It was reasonably priced and I would stay there again, but only with the summer rates.
4	Resort and the Villas are wonderful!  We had a great time.  Food was delicious but the menu could use some variation.  The villa was spacious and very nicely done.  Had issues obtaining towels and washcloths but nothing a phone call didn't handle.  Drinks were made to order and delicious.  Terrific getaway and a great price.  Well worth the trip.  Concierge service was awesome!
5	Attended Kiwanis of Carefree Western Night - Dolan Ellis performing his musical history of AZ for the folks of Carefree. We enjoyed the wonderful ribs 'n chicken, fried cactus (yummy!) and the live buffalo outside (no joke!) for picture taking delight of all the guests. The resort is the epitome of desert laid-back elegance and the sunset  views are spectacular - as is the food and resort staff who greet you with a smile as you pass by on the pathways around the resort. What a fantastic place to hold an event!! I am looking forward to coming back again soon.
5	I rolled into town (Carefree and Cave Creek) looking for an inexpensive hotel/motel.  All I could find was The Tumbleweed.  It looked like the Bates Motel (Psycho) and I couldn't even find the lobby; I wasn't sure if it was part of a store next door that sold saddles and wagon wheels (but it was locked up and closed).  I saw a sign on the ground with a hand painted on it and the finger pointing to the sidewalk.  It said "Lobby."  I never found lobby.  That was my good luck because I gave up and asked a local if there were any other hotels around and he directed me to the Carefree Resort down the road about a mile or so away from bustling Cave Creek.  Got a room for $69 which was a great deal because the room was beautiful and had a big balcony with a view of gorgeous cacti.  The service was great except that housekeeping didn't clean the coffee pot; no big deal.  I'm just glad they had a coffee pot!  The pool was fantastic and the burger (poolside) was yummy.  The bellman gave me a free ride into Cave Creek where I had a rip-roaring good time at the Buffalo Chip nearby (with real live bullriding in the back!).  The bellman even  agreed to come back and fetch me anytime!  Cheers to that!  The  resort is beautiful and I look forward to my next stay there!  Five stars!
1	What a horrible experience we had at this resort from the moment we checked in. We booked 4 rooms for July 3rd with the intention of taking the shuttle over to Harolds for dinner and fireworks. 3 out of the 4 rooms were ready when we arrived at 3pm. We quickly put our stuff in the rooms so that we could get out to the pool. The couples room that wasnt ready they decided to just put their stuff in the other room while theirs was being finished. When we arrived at the main pool we were shocked at how small it was and how many adults guzzling alcohol were crammed in the pool. Every chair was taken, and we couldnt get a person to take our drink order as they all just buzzed by us while we stood there without chairs and sweating (it was 115 degrees). We then decided that the pool over by the villas would be better since it wasnt as crowded and we had two kids that would not even be able to fit in the main pool. Once we arrived at the pool at the villas we were greeted by an overly friendly meddling security guard that checked in on us every ten minutes. The front desk called, and the 4th room was ready--come get the keys. The resort itself is spread out so nothing is walking distance when staying in the villas. So, my friend drove back up to the front desk and got the key to her room at 415. When she arrived at her room there was someone already there, a lady that stated she took out all of my friends stuff out of the room and brought it to the office! They all went to the front desk to sort it out. Thats when the manager got in my friends face and said he was going to call the police and have him arrested because he was so upset. Uhm, who wouldnt be upset that someone got into their room and moved their stuff? After the keys were deactivated twice, they finally got the right keys. We ended up getting rained out at Harolds so we decided to come back to the hotel for dinner. While the food was great, it took an hour to get it and there were 3 other tables in the whole place! When we asked for the salads out first, the server replied "Ill try." She was very unfriendly, and frustrated even though they didnt seem busy at all. We tried our luck at their small overly priced buffet and recieved the same type of service. It felt like this desert hotel was more of a twilight zone of miserable people--none of us will ever go back there.
1	I am giving this "resort" one star only because Yelp requires at least one star be given.A couple hours into our stay we walked back to our room to find another guest sitting on the steps to our room.  The guest politely asked us which room we are staying in, and after a very much complicated conversation, we discovered that the resort had given our room away, and all of our belongings were up at the front desk.My husband was upset and went up to the front desk.  The manager handled the situation poorly, and refused to apologize to an upset guest.The room was given back to us, but our keys no longer worked.  The manager met us at the room to provide the keys.  The manager and my husband were yelling at each other, and the manager came rushing towards my husband and bumped chests with my husband.  My husband stepped away, at my request, and the manager proceeded to yell at me.  I kept asking him politely to stop yelling at me, and he replied "your husband was yelling at me, what are you going to do about it?  Oh let me guess that is not your problem.". It was quite frustrating, I just wanted the keys.  They were the wrong keys.  The manager sent another person with another set of keys, guess what?  They were the wrong keys.  The gentleman went back, and came back a third time, and guess what?  The wrong keys.  Our party just ended up going to the front desk to settle the situation.We ended up dining at the resort.  There were 11 people in our party.  The server was VERY unfriendly.  At one point there were 41 drink glasses on the table, since there was never a glass removed.  The food took over an hour and the restaurant was at 25% capacity.We decided to punish ourselves and went back to the restaurant for breakfast the next morning.  Big mistake.We will never stay here again, even if they paid us.
1	Not too happy with my last two experiences here. I booked a "suite" online last week and when I tried to upgrade it, I was told I had only booked a double room. Hmmm, it said "suite" on the website.To get the set up I wanted, it would be $159 for the parlor and an additional $159 for a king- a grand total $477 before tax for a room in AZ in the summer.  Lol- what a joke. This is the 2nd time I've been misled at this property.  Bottom line- it's not that nice. I ended up at the Villas of Cave Creek for the 4th- way better deal, nicer and didn't mislead me on the website.
3	Looking for quiet?  Could be why when asking for extra blankets and ice (two separate requests) we never received them.  Too bad, because the room was very clean and comfortable.  Wondering if it will be busier when the snowbirds roll in?  Left to look for breakfast elsewhere, don't enjoy a restaurant without patrons.
1	This is the fourth time I have stayed here. I got a killer price from Priceline, so, I don't know if that played a part in the rude behavior I experienced, but my treatment was unwelcoming, to say the least. When we checked in Jose was unfriendly and did not listen to my requests. When we checked out I was almost in tears by the way the person behind the desk acted.I have another reservation there in January and I'm not looking forward to going there.If it was because I got such a good price on Priceline then I suggest they NOT accept my offer next time or treat all clients equally.I live on Mulholland Drive in Bel Air, CA, so I don't think I am a slouch!
4	We eat dinner here often, usually with exemplary service and delicious food.  If you get seated in Tanya's section, ask to be moved immediately!  She was nice, but a terrible waitress.
1	Carefree Resort...not my choice.  I can "care less" about this place.  Rooms smell like a sewer and the employees are not friendly.  I hope I won't be returning!
3	As far as resorts in Arizona go I can say I've been to better. Carefree Resort was okay but it had a few major drawbacks.I stayed on a mini staycation with my boyfriend and his Mom for a Mother's Day getaway. Separate rooms, of course. :) We arrived on Saturday eager to escae the heat and relax by the pool. The pool area is very nice except for one thing - THERE IS NO SHADE! When it's over 100 degrees the last thing I want to do is fry sitting by the pool. Yes, the pool itself is refreshing but not everyone wants to bake in the sun after their swim. They literally have one umbrella that's not attached to a table - and only two of those. Seriously Carefree Resort, invest in some umbrellas. And maybe a few more towels, those seemed to be in high demand as well.The room was clean enough but outdated and rough around the edges. The door was banged up and really needed some paint, the light in the bathroom had a hole in the shade, the lights by the bed were rickety and the bed was lumpy. I woke up with a backache. The shower was awful. The shower runs really hot and the showerhead sprayed water in every direction except onto my head.The one good part was the restaurant. We were originally told that the brunch was booked but when we showed up Sunday morning they found us a table and the food was really good.Overall I would go back to the restaurant but I would not stay there again unless they fixed the place up a bit.
5	I am writing a review after having participated in a 3-Day convention at this resort.  I thought the service was top-notch in this area of their business.  The meeting rooms were clean and cool.  The staff was *excellent* ... the management team always smiling and happy, waited on us hand and foot, gave me a tour of the grounds when I got there, and left me with their personal cell phone numbers if I needed anything at all.  I even got a free amenity in my room just because I helped organize the event.  I ate 7 meals total at the event, and I thought they must have a great chef working on these events because the food was *way* better than I expected, even at the saloon bar.  I would go back just to eat.As far as my room went, I will say it met my expectations for a $99 room.  There were certain aspects that were a little more rugged, but to me it definitely matched the Arizona old west feeling.  Free Wi-Fi was available with no hassle throughout the rooms and lobby.  The cleaning staff and room service folks were all super nice!  I want to note that I left my keyboard at home by accident and needed to do a bunch of typing during the three days.  I told the front desk expecting they would either shrug me off or want to charge me some kind of A/V fee.  Nope, they let me borrow an extra keyboard they had overnight! The only area I wish I could change was connecting to internet in the meeting rooms.  They only offered paid Wi-Fi there, and the price was $200 per computer.  I assume it's surely not something they sell very often at that price point. We went without, so to check email quickly between meetings I had to go all the way to the lobby.  Understandable policy, but wish there was some way around it.  Still I am giving the resort overall a strong 5 stars.
5	Great stay cation!
1	Absolutely no customer service... Everyone there is miserable with the exception of 2 bellman who drove us to and from our destinations. I requested a fridge before we got there; wasn't in the room when we got there so I called the frog desk and was told, "i will send it right up"... An hour later, no fridge. Called again and told them we were leaving for dinner so they could come in the room while we were gone...2 hours later? No fridge. Seriously?? The bed was hard, we were only "allowed" 2 pool towels while we were there, the shower head sucked, and the AC BARELY worked which the front desk didn't care about either. Thank goodness we didn't pay full price! Oh and although the breakfast buffet was delish, our "waiter" was an ass. The busboy was more helpful. Never again!
4	The staff was friendly and extremely helpful. The food in the conference meetings and the restaurant was very good. The grounds and site is well kept and relaxing. The rooms could use some updating and it looks like some of that may be going on. A short drive to shopping.
1	Not much of a resort. I would have been very disappointed if we would have got a room there for a true resort stay.  We stayed there for the Cavecreek Wicked Halloween event. They did have a 24 hr shuttle which was great in that situation. The room was still better than the drunk tank but not by much. The room was very dated.  It didn't even have a fridge.  The lobby and grounds were nice for the most part but all in all I was not impressed. I have stayed at Holiday Inn Expresses nicer.
1	If you want food poisoning, this is the place. 4 people got sick in one night.If you want to prank a friend and send them to the hotel from hell, then this is the place. Loud ice machines, dirty bathroom, bedrock for bed.If you want a hotel manager with no people skills, rude, and who will do nothing to resolve problems then this is the place.I stayed for a 5 day conference. Had to stay or I would have left. Room came with frig, but it didnt work, took 6 hours to have fixed when told someone was on their way to repair it. Maybe they had to drive in from Los Angeles to fix it.I am handicapped and was told this business was handicap accessible. Not the case at all. If you are in a chair, dont go, a scooter needed? Dont go.I was unable to eat the buffet (due to allergies NUT and LACTOSE) prearranged by hotel for conference and asked for a menu to order from, was told food was there on buffet, if this was not good enough, then to go to my room and order from room service ala cart menu.Cob Salad was sent to room I was in, this came with mini cockaroaches in it. When pointed out, kitchen gave money back, but hotel manager called me a lier.They call themselves 4 star resort? 4 star DUMP is more like it. Happily they will NEVER see my business again.
3	The place is nice and the food was decent but the organization I am with chose this resort to host a fundraiser for us. although we gave them a guarantee on the number of guests and our turnout was lower than the guarantee, they still managed to run out of food. While they were able to provide more food, it wasn't done quickly and we had some unhappy guests. Then the same thing happened with the desert. I don't know how this happened, but the service was good, just some bad planning on their part.
1	There is one star because I have to put a star.  I needed to cancel a reservation that I made two hours prior and the hotel would not bend on its cancellation policy.  I understand having a policy but I also think that a service business like a hotel should be somewhat understanding when a reservation was only two hours old.  They advertise them self as being Scottsdale.  If you aren't familiar with the area then they should be honest about the fact that they are almost an hour from the airport!  The reservations manager was completely rude and not at all accommodating.  The hotel business one if service and accommodation, this place may be nice inside but their customer service and treatment of other human beings is sub par at best.
4	Make sure you see Diane, the nicest Concierge lady you'll ever be helped by.Let it be known that as a former employee of this beautiful property, I am biased.This resort is nestled in the beautiful desert oasis of Carefree, Arizona; east of Cave Creek, north of Phoenix and Scottsdale. It makes a perfect backdrop for a retreat, meeting, wedding, vacation, honeymoon, or just a easy-going weekend.The kitchen of Eugene Knox (Chef) are superior when it comes to food creations and presentation. Pictures of the St. Patrick's Day wedding cake made to look exactly like a bottle of Jameson whiskey are coming soon. The pastry chefs Melissa & Robert will obliterate your expectations of a sweet dish. My personal favorite were the hundreds of perfectly crafted bunny cupcakes the duo made for an Easter Brunch.Whether it be an unforgettable experience, beautiful desert pictures, or service by professionals that you seek; BOOK HERE!
1	While this is a cute hotel, my experience with reserving a block of rooms to support wedding guests has been ATROCIOUS and STRESSFUL and I would very much recommend against anyone doing a group event at this hotel that requires getting a discounted block of rooms for guests.I signed a contract with the resort in June of 2012 for an April 2013 wedding. The hotel requires you to give them a deposit to guarantee that rooms in the block get booked, even though they release all those rooms 1 entire month before your event (so they keep your deposit even though those rooms likely will get booked). If the negatives had ended with a simple deposit, that would have been fine. However their online booking tool (with your discounted rate) does not work either, and it is a known bug that they know about but do not tell you when you sign a contract & give them a deposit. So if your guests want to book nights before and after your date (they are supposed to honor the discounted rate 3 nights pre and post), the guests have to call the hotel directly.If the reservation staff that answered calls were competent, this wouldn't be such a negative review. However I had multiple guests over many occasions reach out to tell me that reservations told them there were no rooms left in the block (FALSE every time) and then reservations would quote my guests a much higher rate. After the first few times of this happening, I called the group rooms coordinator at the hotel (Cory) directly. She does not pick up the phone frequently and has yet to ever return a voicemail...I just have to keep calling back until she picks up. She assured me that if this happened again the future, I could tell me guests to call her directly. So I did this, and they had to leave voicemails for her because she didn't pick up, and then she never returned their phone calls! I finally managed to get a hold of a higher level manager who promptly took care of my issues. However this was after months of headache and 80% of our guests had already booked (aka I had already gone through the pain of booking them). After my phone call with the manager, it was smooth sailing.I can't fully put into words what a headache dealing with this hotel was. As a Cave Creek resident, I wanted to support a local business...in this case it was a huge mistake. The charm of this hotel does not beat the reliability and ease of a Marriott.
2	It needs some remodeling/rejuvenation. The pool area needs more umbrellas for shade and the cushions are dirty. The rooms are drab. Food in the restaurant is inconsistent and the servers are the same. Front desk staff ranges from competent and friendly to incompetent and unfriendly. Shortage of staff seems apparent in the overall upkeep of this place in all departments. This resort may have been a 5 star when it was built in the 60's but now it seems to have fallen behind. They really need to invest some money into this resort to give it some life.  It is just an "ok" place. There was nothing outstanding here to bring me back. It is a forgettable resort.
4	Hello to All and welcome to my review of Carefree Resort.Ok, so here it is..... This place is pretty terrific!  Especially for the $50.00 we paid!I saw a Groupon offering $49.00 room rate.Since I do NOT care for Groupon I contacted the hotel myself and got the same rate... if I am to be honest, they charged a dollar more $50.00! lolI was hoping since they didnt have to pay Groupon for our stay we might get the $10.00 "Activity fee" waived....no such luck.The reservation woman was super helpful.We arrived and were delighted to see a sprawling well kept property.Check in was easy and again the staff friendly and the valet parking was free.We had requested a room close to the pool, but not so close that we had no privacy.We were delighted to see a well furnished, LARGE room with pictures on the wall that told stories of the property since birth....I found this decor delightful!The patio had nice chairs but unfortunately was staring right at the pool.... so much for privacy!  Although the room was well insulated therefore we heard no noise from outside.The bed was comfortable and I am guessing , from previous reviews I had read, that these rooms have been updated.We sat on our patio enjoying the scenary around us and it was clear everyone at the pool area was having a great time!Later in the evening we took a stroll down the lighted trails to a cactus garden area which boasted many different cacti and descriptions of each.The birds were chirping and enjoying the plants as well.The views as we walked were enchanting.  The mountains and sunset and desert life.... WOW.... it was very enjoyable!Even the soda machine was only .75 a can...I was impressed!Later that night we ordered room service... French Onion soup....YUK! No seasoning at all...just terrible and a turkey club which was good and fries which were terrible!  But then again... we didnt come for the room service and wont make that mistake again.We enjoyed our romantic evening and being the early riser I  am, woke at 4:30am and sat on the patio enjoying the absolute silence other than the birds chirpingAt this point I took advantage of the pool area.... ALL to myself!The pool was great and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.  The jacuzzi was hot and bubbly and soothing and simply wonderful.Check out was just as easy as check in.We left Cave Creek with a warm fuzzy feeling knowing we will DEFINATELY be back!In fact I shared our experience with friends and we are all planning a weekend there together.I am a firm believer that:If I do not have a good experience I tell management, and if I do have a good experience.... I tell EVERYONE! ... In all fairness, if I am not happy... I write a review and tell everyone anyway....lolIt is my opinion that if you are looking to take a "staycation" or just a night away...you should try CAREFREE RESORT.They do have spa services and tennis courts and other amenities...however we were only there for 1 night and were unable to take advantage of these "paid for-activity fee" services.In conclusion....Live each day as though it were your last and ENJOY !
1	I didn't even get to stay here as I never got passed the phone call stage. Guy on the phone was somewhat rude and kept interrupting me asking to transfer my call before I could fully state my question. Gal that answered the phone after transfer was also rather short with me. I inquired about booking a room but first had questions about the pool, namely that I read that there is no shade at the pool. She too interrupted me and said "there's no shade at the pool or cabanas." I asked again, "no shade at all? No umbrellas?" and she said "there's no shade."  After an awkward silence...I said goodbye and hung up. I can't believe in AZ they have no shade. In a pic online I saw umbrellas and cabanas...so not sure what to believe. I ended up booking the Scottsdale Resort instead. The marketing department over there should be mad as hell and spitting nails to have a customer ready to book be treated like that.  Guess I'm probably dodging a bullet anyhow.
1	The customer service at this place is awful. My friend and i booked this room about a month ago for a well-deserved girls weekend. We checked in around 5pm. I asked if there were any available upgrades and the man at the front desk replied no. We found that very hard to believe considering there were very few people at the pool, restaurant and cars in the parking lot. The guy was just being a lazy a*s and likely didn't want to take the extra minute or two to move us to a different room.Once we got to our room we called down to ask for a refrigerator to be placed in our room for medication. The same guy answered the phone with another response of No. I think that is the only word in this guys vocabulary.The next day we went to the restaurant for breakfast. We were sat by a very rude host, and were one of two tables in the restaurant. We just got done working out and left to wash our hands. On our way out we ran in the waitress and asked if she was our waitress so we could give her our drink order. She seemed incredibly confused as she didn't know if she was our waitress, yet she was the ONLY one there waiting tables. It took forever to get our food and my eggs came out a color i have never seen. I also needed a knife to cut my eggs...also a first.We then went to the pool. We were all alone for two hours until another group showed. Once they showed there were two servers to take their food and beverage order. Not once did either of these servers ask how we were and if we needed ANYTHING. I guess fine by me as we brought our own beers and food even though the signs said we couldn't. If we would have waited for them we would have died of heat stroke.The saloon wasn't open (we were told it had been closed for months), no ice machine near our room, our room smelled of old-ness, the decor was dated, bulbs burnt out in the bathroom, no shade at the pools when it was extremely hot, only two pool towels per room with the threat of a $50 charge per missing towel (I could buy the same towel at WalMart for $8)....this place was terrible and we will NEVER go back!The only decent customer service we had was from Edgar. He was the one who checked us out and was very nice and seemed to care of our terrible time. He did the best he could considering our stay was over. He gave us each two free drink coupons but they will never be used as we will never go back!
4	The National Concierge Association is celebrating 15 years at its 2013 Conference being hosted at the Carefree Resort & Conference Center.  Diane Shure, the concierge, has done a wonderful job organizing the conference for the group and setting up some fabulous outings for the group.  She is the definite expert of all things Carefree and Cave Creek.  The facilities and property are beautiful and it is great learning about the flora, fauna and cultural history of the area.If your looking for a great place to visit-come to Carefree Resort and Conference Center.
4	Stayed here for a conference and had a wonderful room with beautiful view. Throw staff was very helpful especially Audrey. I would certainly stay here again on my own but would want to make sure I had a room in the same building because not all of them are equal. The older rooms are on a side of the property with no view and lacked their patio furniture but did have fridges and microwaves so either way the service makes this a solid 4 star.
4	I have stayed at the Carefree Resort twice now, but the first time doesn't really count since it was about 20 years ago. However, just this past Friday night, we stayed there and had a great time! This resort is a perfect place to rest your head if you need a little getaway from "city" aka Scottsdale life. We love to go up to Cave Creek for a night out at Harold's and live bull riding at Buffalo Chip and with an early morning tee time, we decided to stay the night. The rooms were reasonably priced because of the summer heat, but I don't think they are ever too high. The rooms are huge and could easily fit a cot or three. Every room has a nice balcony and they also have casitas that you can reserve. The pool is clean and big, but the best part is that they offer a free shuttle to and from Downtown Cave Creek. How nice is that? The resort is also pet friendly, but they have a pricey one-time charge (around $79) so it might be better to leave Fido at home. For the active guest, they offer bike rentals and tennis courts, hiking and golf. I would definitely recommend this hotel to those looking for a reasonably priced hotel option either for a night out in Cave Creek or if you're visiting from out of town. It's not a fancy hotel, but it's clean, friendly, spacious and decently priced.
3	This place is nestled in the mountains in a beautiful setting. The rooms are elegant and simple if the beds are a little firm. The food was good and reasonable and we got in on a really great deal for the room. Unfortunately, so did a host of families with rowdy kids. A beautiful relaxing evening by the pool was ruined because the staff clearly cared not about the rules. Many signs around the pool stated the rules clearly yet the families continued to act like.... Well, very uncouth for a resort setting. I would go back to this resort if the staff agreed ahead of time to simply enforce the rules that are so plainly posted EVERYWHERE!When dealt with directly the staff is professional and friendly.
4	Just stayed one night here...I think the grounds are VERY beautiful & relaxing. I think its has all you need here at the resort. Rooms are very large and relaxing. Its very unique.. western.. makes you feel like your really far from home even tho im only 45mins away :)The restaurant is VERY good but very pricy... the staff tho was AMAZING.I wish there was mini fridges in the rooms. That would be nice.I would go back for sure!
4	Yes, this place is a bit "vintage".  Yes, this place was on a "skeleton crew".  Yes, I had to sacrifice a mini fridge and a microwave to be "pool side" but..................this place was fantastic!  I got a $68.00 per night through HOTELS.COM and I even found an extra 10% off coupon code to enter when I booked it! This was a $140.00 room!  There was a $10.95 "resort fee" per night on top of the nightly charge, but other resorts are charging that kind of fee as well and it is MUCH higher than that!  The rooms were CLEAN, VERY, VERY CLEAN!  The place was landscaped to the hilt! Not a leaf out of place!  Hot coffee in the lobby at 7:00 am, and GOOD coffee too!  The pool was clean, well kept and is heated during the off-season.  For October 1st, the water was almost as warm as bath water - NICE!  I counted the umbrellas in the pool area and there were 4, plus a cabana.  I know another YELPER mentioned there weren't enough umbrellas or shade, so it looks like they fixed that.  We ordered room service as a treat.  My son had a cheeseburger to die for - on a pretzel bun WITH BACON and it came with a HEAPING amount of fries for $9.95!  It was beautiful!  My daughter had a Chicken Caesar wrap sandwich that came with sweet potato fries for $9.95 and my other daughter had a regular Chicken Caesar salad for $12.95...Good thing I just mooched off of them, because there was just so much food!  The portions were VERY generous and the prices were extremely reasonable.  Where it gets expensive is the dinner menu, which I am sure the food was just as good, just a bit out of our $$$$ range for this 'stay-cation'!  We all had fun and I will keep this place in mind for a future visit!
1	The customer service was poor and our room was outdated! We thought it would be a nice staycation for our anniversary and boy was I wrong! I'll probably be on trip planning restriction after this one! However if you do stay; make sure you upgrade to the remodeled rooms and you avoid the bar at the Lariat.
1	I had dinner with a friend that was staying at the resort. I paid for the meal on credit card and left a cash tip. When I got my card statement I noticed another tip added to my credit card. I called and for a manager, and they put the waiter on the phone for me to confront. He said there was no manager on duty at night. I talked to the accounting department the next day, and no one was ever willing to offer any kind of solution. The accounting department said "I should be more careful" but hoped it didn't "discourage me from coming back". I guess I tipped $10 for a $28 burger and beer. The food and service was not that great. I would never go back.
5	I really loved this place!  The staff is friendly and it is absolutely amazing scenery.  I was at the resort for a wedding and it was beautiful!  I really loved all the accommodations.  After the wedding they provided a shuttle into town to a local bar and they were so helpful!  The lobby always smells like Krispy Kreme donuts...I have no idea why, but it was delicious.  I hope to someday go back to this resort and spend a few more days.
5	We attended a car show conference at Carefree Resort and found the ambiance, service, food and relaxed feel to be awesome.We had no idea this destination existed and now that we do, we'll be back for more peace and comfort.
4	Great hotel and location, spacious rooms and a nice restaurant. Quiet, comfortable. Was slightly disappointed in the lack of a concierge since the website lists so many activities and it was the website that sold the $190 room, not sure why they charge a resort fee since there really are no indications that this is anything more than a nice hotel with a pool. (Where is the ice machine!!) Tried to rent motorcycles, 4 wheelers, spa treatment to no avail.   We will be back but will look around for things to do before we arrive.   On a positive note, we hiked Black Mtn. (With directions from the valet) and it was fun.  You won't be disappointed in this destination if you don't need a concierge.
3	We stayed there for 3 days and the place was okay. The room was very clean and quite large with a nice view of the desert.  Indeed everywhere was very clean. The pool was a good size, heated too with a Jacuzzi.What lets it down was service. If this was in a big town they'd struggle.The restaurant service was terrible for the Thursday morning breakfast we had , its called the Lariat. I reviewed that separately.They offer a free shuttle to town which you will need to get there as its 1-2 miles away unless you want a cab. We tried 3 shuttles which  are advertised as being every hour on the hour. Each time there was no driver when we got to the shuttle and we had to hassle the front desk for a person to come. Eventually 5-10 minutes later a person would drive us to town. If you advertise that you run it hourly you have to have someone there.  Its hard to plan a night in town if you cant be sure when you'll get there.  You call for a pick up back to the resort and that worked far better.The first day we had the do not disturb sign on until 10.30am and again from  12.45-2.15pm.  We received no maid service  at all or a call from the front desk saying that we wouldn't.  Not the end of the world but not good service either.The resort itself is lacking in activities. I hear resort and think lots to do but there was no more to do here than a Holiday Inn. It just had a nicer pool and optional tennis.  Massages are a 100 dollars, not exactly a deal.They've the makings of a good place here but could do so much better.  The WiFi was excellent.
2	Not impressed at all!Sunk in mattress and no refrigerator in a King Deluxe room.Nice grounds
3	Great setting and the lobby has a great modern but rustic feel to it. I was checking in around 9pm and had to wait a couple minutes for someone to show up at the front desk. She was having computer problems and it took a while to get me checked in. Then I was given my room key but had to go back to the desk after the key didn't work to get a different room. Overall the room was fine, but could use some upgrading as one of the two sinks was broke and everything just felt a bit dated. I was only staying one night, so I didn't use the pool area at all, but it looked very nice.
4	Booked this hotel on travolcity last minute after having to fly in for a family emergency. After a long day it was a very welcoming quite lobby and easy self park. I was checked in an on the way to my room in 5 minutes. The staff was friendly and the room was good. Not great but clean and a good size. The outside patio and pool area were lovely.  The perfect dessert setting. The place was empty but I was fine with that! We had dinner in the hotel restaurant ( I also reviewed) and headed to bed. The next morning I was able to sleep In because no noise!  This would have been a 5 star review however it's just not a five star resort. But for the price and the view it was just right. My husband even mentioned that we should come back to do a little relaxing getaway,
4	Booked the hotel on a summer Saturday night on a $50 deal. Great price for a stay-cation.Apparently there is valet available, there are door greeters, hourly 24 hr Cave Creek shuttle and the lobby smells like elusive cookies, good first impression.Everyone is super nice, definitely a resort feel.  The desk attendant even had a bag of ice delivered to me from the restaurant on the spot, then he told me where the ice machines are.  They have a cool (desert) botanical garden to walk through in the courtyard. We didn't try the saloon or restaurant, but the restaurant was busy.The room was clean and had a large (for a hotel room) mud room. Hmm. Everything was modern and comfy.Nice place, I would stay again.
3	Location is obviously great. However, hotel was very impersonal. Staff at counter was not very welcoming. Internet was not free.Does not really meet Wes tin's standards in my opinion
1	I dont know were to start. First off the room service is TERRIBLE. My husband and I went here for our honeymoon.  We ordered room service 5 times and everytime we did something was wrong. It was overcooked,  not made properly, and over all completely wrong. MY FRUIT HAD MOLD ALL OVER IT!!! I can not believe a "four star hotel" gave me something that had mold on it!!! My husband and I had a horrible resort experience and our honeymoon wasted because of them. We will NEVER go here again. No one should have to deal with their horrible service.
5	I stayed here two nights for a wedding. The staff was very friendly and they offered 24/7 shuttle van service within a 3-mile radius.The rooms were very big and are equipped with a mini fridge, instant coffee maker, hair dryer, iron and board.The area was also very pretty and quiet; it's a great place to go if you want to get away from the city.
4	This North Phoenix resort is about 40 minutes from the airport and away from the busy city.  Situated next to the Boulders Resort and very easy to find.  The resort offered free parking, convenient parking right near an access way to our room.The lobby has a great lodge-like feel to it with a fireplace burning in the background and lots of wood and stone.  The reception area was right inside the front door and the staff was very cheerful.  Upon check in we mentioned phoning the resort a few days prior about laundry services.  We mentioned, on the phone, that we would be arriving Friday afternoon and needed a shirt cleaned for the weekend wedding we were there to attend.  At check-in, the agent told us that no such service would be available on the weekend and apologized for the communication error.  What turn this situation around and made here apology even more sincere, was that she offered to wash and press the shirt at home for us and return it the next day before the event.  Wow!  You wouldn't get that at any chain property.  It doesn't stop there...The room was a standard king overlooking the pool area.  An oversized room with appropriate furnishings, comfortable bed, and walk in shower.  The bathroom was lacking lighting and was very difficult to see in the shower once the curtain was drawn.  Only other issue was the horribly slow to non-existent Wi-Fi.  Coupled with the bad cell service in the area, you won't have much luck if you need to use your phone.We had a hotel catered cookout in the outdoor function space adjacent to the lobby.  It was the perfect setting for the evening and was set with linen topped picnic tables, string light overhead and a fire pit in the corner.  We had a blast and again, the staff was so pleasant.Breakfast the next morning was equally as good in the Lariat restaurant.  The offered both ala carte and buffet options, but the price for the buffet was so good at $11.95 (including coffee) we couldn't pass it up.  Eggs, pancakes, fresh berries and fruit, perfectly (seriously, perfectly) cooked bacon, sausage, biscuits/gravy, potatoes, cereals...so much for the price.  Staff was again great and kept coffee and water glasses filled.Hit the pool in the afternoon for a few hours to relax.  Not overly crowded with plenty of space between chairs, so people aren't on top of each other.  There is always one idiot who NEEDS to talk on their phone and broadcast their life to everyone around, but he left shortly after.  They offer poolside service for cocktails and food.A quaint property, very relaxing and comfortable.  If you want people to dote all over you and offer canned responses all day, go stay at the Ritz Carlton and pay the prices.  If you want genuine staff, comfortable accommodations at a great price, you can't beat the Carefree Resort.
2	False advertising on Travelocity. You will not get the newly remodeled rooms they show you on Travelocity. The pool chairs are disgusting. The two Yvonne's at the front desk are not very friendly at all. The food at the restaurant was nothing to write home about. No refrigerator and the bed hurt my back. Not sure how this place is still in business. I will NEVER stay here again. Not worth the drive, just stay in downtown Scottsdale or Talking Stick. The two stars is for the hotel staff (not the front desk people) and the beautiful backdrop of the surrounding mountains.
1	Theft of luggage out of hotel roomI stayed at Carefree Resort for the weekend at the end of July 2014 for a family reunion. During the family dinner we had at their resort, 2 of my bags were stolen out of my room. A backpack with personal IPad, books, and other personal belongings and then a gift bags with a pair of shoes. I reported it to the staff that night around midnight and followed up the next morning. I, as well as my entire family, scoured our hotel rooms and the resort. Once I confirmed that my stuff had been stolen, I filed a police report and a statement with MCSO. The guest services manager and the staff looked around the resort as well and were helpful, but couldn't find it. I was not placing blame on the hotel staff, but assume that some random person had come in through the door during a cleaning or when the door hadn't locked entirely after closing someone slipped into the room and grabbed my stuff.A couple weeks after I left the hotel, I was the one making all the follow up calls to the resort and wasn't receiving much help from them regarding hoe they normally handle theft from their resort. They said they hadn't filed an insurance claim, I had to ask them to file one. After another couple weeks, I finally received a call from Liberty Mutual Insurance regarding the incident, where they took my statement. They took about 3 weeks and sent me an email (did not call) stating that since they were not able to determine that the staff with Carefree Resort was responsible for my belongings being stolen from my room, they were not going to reimburse what was stolen. I then called Carefree Resort back and they stated that they would not be able to help me out any further.My identity was stolen as a result of the theft. To anyone who has been through that experience, they will know exactly how horrible that is.So my advise to anyone reading this: make sure your doors are securely shut and locked EVERY time you leave your room. Ensure you have adequate insurance because they won't cover anything lost or stolen.
2	Booking the room over the phone took awhile. I had a living social voucher that I purchased for $79. I gave the girl who took my reservation the LS voucher number. She was not familiar with booking a LS reservation. When I checked in, I gave the employee my physical LS voucher. A few days after our stay, our credit card was charged for a room stay. I called the hotel, transferred around & put in extended holds. Had to explain my story several times to different people. I was assured I would be receiving a credit but still have not received it. They need to better train or get better employees. The hotel grounds are nice. The property is a bit dated.
2	I stayed here last night (11/29-11/30) and hate to say it, but I do not see how this hotel calls themselves a resort. My room was $155, plus tax, plus "resort" fee, which is ridiculous pricing for a sub-par experience. The lobby and people are nice, but beyond that it's a refurbished motel. The bed was cheap and I woke up multiple times from my back hurting, the thermostat didn't work, the TV had bad reception, etc. (mostly upset about my back). To sum it up, this is NOT a resort, it's a mediocre hotel, and for the price, GO SOMEWHERE ELSE.
1	I went here with my family for their Thanksgiving Brunch.Last year we went it was a big spread of delicious assortments.This year we were sadly disappointed. The turkey and roast beef station were good,but the salad bar,cheese area and seafood tray (which consisted of a few small snow crab legs were messy,picked over and looking very pathetic.The staff did very little to stock these areas.The dessert table was small and again very picked over.We had reservations and went at 1pm.For the price we would have done better at some cheap buffet.What a difference a year makes.
