3	I wasn't convinced by the large "It's Fantastik" [sic] sign but by the number of cars in the lot.  The $1 admission fee (kids are free) gets you a coupon for $1 off $15 or more.  There are a ton of booths selling a wide variety of items: jewelry, "As Seen On TV" gadgets, knick knacks, rugs, fake flowers, cheesy Las Vegas T-shirts, live snakes, etc.  The vendors here are very friendly.  I got a mediocre burrito from the Cactus Cafe (which, amusingly, sells Mexican food and gelatto); there are a few small eateries throughout.  Off to one side is a small furniture warehouse.  If you're visiting Vegas and you have a car, you might want to stop here to outfit yourself in cheap slutty clothing before going clubbing.  It is relatively well ventilated and therefore not too smoky.
2	My grandmother used to work here when it was Fantastik Furniture way back in the dark ages.  Last time I went, I wished for one of the old beds to be there for me to lay on after trudging through aisle after aisle of utter and complete crap. Make no mistake, I was thoroughly amused by some of the crap; mostly because I can't believe that some people BUY this crap.  Partly because I can't believe that I bought this crap in my younger, more be-Hammer-panted years.  You can actually get a grill at the swap meet, and I don't mean one to facilitate barbecues or one for your car, I mean a grill for your mouth.  Fake metal fronts that say whatever you like.  Seriously, it's a good thing your teeth can't turn green from cheap metal - or can they?If you need a new Betty Boop blanket, or Scarface leather jacket with fringe, or one of those pictures that makes it look like the water is really moving, you will LOVE it here.  If you're easily amused by trash culture and want some good kettle corn, this might be worth the $1 admission.  If you've got a buck to your name, I'd say find somewhere else to spend it.
1	This place is a joke!  Everything is so expensive and nothing is a pleasure to see.  There are some way better swap meets around town.  If it is too hot for you to be outdoors at BroadAcres (which is the best in town), then go to the 2nd best at the QMall (air conditioned and is at Trop and 95), you can also go to the Superior Discount Mall (a converted House2Home/HomeBase, which is also air conditioned), it is at Charleston and Bruce.  Fantastik always smells strange, the carpets are disgusting, and no one knows how to walk there.  I never see anything there that interests me either.  The maps are outdated and I can think of other places to buy fresh produce.  However, the reptile and bird booth is the only part that I like because I am amused by all the animals.
3	Sometimes I like to go spend my money on worthless junk. This is where I choose to do so. Actually it's not all junk, but it definitely takes some time to filter through it all to find some goodies. My friends and I will go to find funny shirts and blue lipstick and look at the weird animals they sometimes have for sale. Some treasure I have found though have been useful and saved me a bunch of dough. I got a huge shag carpet once for around  $100, and two really cool lamps for around $20 total (I had to replace the shades, but whatever, still a steal). Whenever I find something awesome I always think that I should be on that show where they redecorate peoples houses on a budget. I forget what its called, but you know. Anyway, if you have a Saturday to kill, especially with kids, I say why not! Pack 'em up and go get them some fifty cent blue lipstick, and maybe find yourself an embroidered silk tapestry of a toucan. You never know what treasures await...
2	So my family in Vegas decided to take me to the local swap meat. Did I say meat? Lots of "interesting" merchandise for bargain prices like "I Love Las Vegas" t-shirts, "Coach" purses, and items by "Channel" (not Chanel). If you're looking for exotic pets, there are birds and reptiles galore. If you're into lil' trinkets and jewelry, there's plenty as well. I saw a booth that sells puppies, but they didn't look too excited... just like myself.
2	You know the place lives up to its name when it paints both "FANTASTIC" and "FANTASTIK" onto the side of the building.$1 entry per person, and junk for 2 miles in each direction. It reminded me vaguely of the Valley Indoor Swapmeet in Van Nuys, only with more wig vendors.But if you're in the market for a curled hair-clip, a PradO bag, some yellow gold jewelry or designer impostor perfume, you've come to the right place!
1	wow. i was SO bummed out. I definitely had high expectations about this place, i don't know why, but i just did. i had to pay a dollar to get in. the inside was ALOT nicer then i anticipated, but the merchandise was crap. it was all overpriced junk! i thought there would be one of a kind novelties. but i was disappointed with knock-off everything. i'm glad i went, now i can tell people that i went. but i will never go back! might as well spent that dollar on a quarter gallon of gas. . . .
2	I stopped in here one day to kill a couple of hours.  Like I suspected, it was mostly junk, but I did manage to find a couple of useful things. There's a booth where an Asian lady does alterations for jeans and pants for 5 dollars a pair.  I found a magnet for my dishwasher that says clean/dirty...what an invention! and I also found some awesome eucalyptus massage products that seem to work pretty well.Overall, its a pretty cool place to go if you feel like rummaging through a bunch of junk to find some not so necessary bargains!
3	Like all the other reviewers this is the stereotypical swapmeet. Endless boothes of worthless trinkets.They do have a "As Seen on TV" store a few boothes that have knives,nun chucks,etc and a few other boothes worth stopping at. The snake store at the back of the place is a must see and lil orbits donuts 1 dozen for $3 mini donuts are the whole reason to pay a visit to this place at all.Worth the $1 admission just for the donuts but nothing worth buying unless you collect junk. Sadly this is one of the best swapmeets in Las Vegas.
3	I'm suprised at some of the bad reviews here.  It's a swap meet, for pete sake, not a premium outlet mall!Check out the snake vendor in the back, they have snakes, tarantulas, scorpions and other neat stuff.  Worth visiting at least once during your Vegas trip, even if only for a quick stroll through.
1	Thinking of starting your business there? Think again!I did it and in the end, only THEY made any real money.Dont believe me?Ask the vendors. Especially the ones that have been there for a long time. Nearly a 65 vendors came and left in the 8 mo. I was there. Some had business there for 18 years. Sure the economy is bad.Sure times are tough.By design, this place is set up to house new and struggling business.Dont take my word for it, do your homework.Looking for a good deal as a consumer?This is the place for you, and when you see something you like, GRAB IT. That vendor may not be in business the next time you visit.The problem with Fantastik is they charge around $700 every 4 weeks (not every month) and this is for a simple 10x10 space. They told me they were getting traffic of 20k a weekend. Then a few months later, sent a letter saying they were getting around 7k a weekend, and I think that may have been a stretchHey, got a few grand you can readily part with?Take a chance, they will take your money, quick, quick.Have questions? Ask the vendors... they will probably tell you the truth. Although, they are desperate to have the place filled up. People dont like to shop where the building is more than 50% empty!
1	The mini donuts are gone. I hear they are going to bring some other people in to try and do it, but forget it.The family that ran it made them best.Its all downhill from here, Im afraid
3	If you dont get your fair intake of made in Japan fall apart goods, This is the place for you. Walking down the stained carpet isles of this place all while inhaling the stench of Greasy food and Liz Claibourne. But like some other reviewers pointed out, this is a swapmeet, I guess I was hoping for more of a variety,  I could have left wearing a new Airbrushed Mi Vida Loca shirt pulling a new Fucci Suitcase, swinging my new nun-chucks... If thats your thing this is your place. I preffer the outdoor swapmeet to this one.
3	I grew in in LA and man I remember being a kid and going to the swap meet and to the DTLA Santee Alley. My mom is a classy lady but doesnt take herself seriously, and my stepdad is a typical Azuza Mexican who loves his swapmeets so going with them was hella fun. My mom would disappear and come back with an outfit on and a bomb $25 wig. My stepdad would have new phone and pod cases.For fun, the BF, mom and gma wanted to walk around and check this outThis one is just A-OK. There was a quite a bit of empty booths and not as much variety as I'm used to. A plus is mom found a E-Cigarette/vaporizer cigarette shop there. We've been trying to get her off cigs and it's just better to give her a better alternative. It's a good deal AND the have a lifetime guarantee so long as youre buying your drip refills from them. So yeah for people looking for these things online, better to come here and be able to replace it locally if broken.We dropped by Suns Jerky and got Hawaiian flavored jerky. We like when people have "wet style"/Asian style jerky as it's so much softer. For some mini donuts with cinammon sugar. Those are bomb. I'd come back for those even. Sure there are some places where its nothing but crap they are selling, but a swap meet is what you make of it. My mom and I always found random cool jewelry for cheap and summer dresses and usually I can find awesome jeweled hairclips that sell for tons more at  those mall kiosks. You gotta dig, so it's not for everyone.Some things seem pricey by the tag and I see a lot of complaints here, but c'mon use your head- everything is for BARTERING and if you can't get the right price, then pass. Honestly if I had a swap meet booth, I'd raise the price a little bit since most people feel the need to lower your price even if you're giving out steals.Not bad, but I still think I rather make a special trip to DTLA Santee Alley. The clothing selection there is surprising.
3	When it comes to money, I'm paranoid. You have to pay a dollar to get into this swap meet, and I can't justify spending money to get into a store unless I buy something (it's for this very reason that I have never visited The Attic.). Therefore, I rarely ever go to Fantastik, it's loaded with interesting junk that's awesome to look and laugh at but never worth buying. For what it's worth, they DO give you a $1 off any purchase coupon when you pay the fare required for getting inside. All that aside, the place is quite a sight on the inside. It's quite colorful to say the least, and to add to the kitsch factor each aisle is named after a casino. Kind of extreme, but cute.Swap Meets are usually my kind of treasure trove, whenever I go to any Swap Meet I tend to buy so many random things (that said, it's kind of hard to find swap meets/flea markets in Vegas with extensive bootleg selections, not that I buy bootlegs that is). The thing that's so insane about Fantastik though is how impractical and out there the stuff sold in most of these booths really is. It has the obligatory fake sneakers, counterfeit purses and rip off perfume/cologne/cosmetics booths, and then you have a pet store in the back. Word has it you can find some rather out of the ordinary animals in there and it's actually more interesting than the so-called Zoo down the street from Texas Station, but it always looked creepy/dirty to me so I never walked in. Walk a little further down that aisle, and you'll see a happy little lady selling various varieties of beef jerky. Never tried that either, because rumor has it once you try some she'll automatically remember you and every time you come back she will be practically begging you to get more. No thanks. My personal favorite booth is the music booth in the back. They have a pretty decent selection despite the small space it's in, it's also pretty easy to find some rather obscure titles in here as well. Unfortunately I rarely ever buy anything from that specific booth seeing that it's kind of overpriced by my standards. I've been spoiled by the 1 Cent CD listings on eBay, if I saw it for a penny plus shipping and handling on the internet than I really don't want to pay more than I have to at Walmart or Target even.There's also an "As Seen On TV" booth, and the clothes selection is strangely lacking at this particular swap meet. It's too focused on absurd stuff. My stance on Fantasik is pretty love/hate as you can see from this review. Everything held within is quite absurd and I would never buy 90% of the things sold in this place, but it sure does make for an entertaining weekend afternoon.
3	Cactus Cafe has some great nachos and mini donuts.  I go here just for the donuts, really.  But this time I tried the nachos and it was yummy!  Grab some with salsa and BOOM! You have a winner!Although I am not one to love something so strange as a swap meet eatery, I actually like this one.  Donuts, people--donuts!!!!
2	This place is really starting to show its age. I came here 10 years ago and was pleasantly surprised at how much different merchandise was offered - there were even 2 stores that specialized in anime/video games/figures/etc. Long story short, those last 10 years were not kind to this place. Neither one of those stores is still here.There are some diverse, interesting things to be had in here, but a lot of it is junk too. You have to pay a dollar just to get into the place, which is annoying, especially when you consider that the long-gone Swap Mart in Henderson didn't charge for admission. How I miss that place.The place is set up in a confusing layout. If you follow one path, you'll find yourself going around strange corners and ending up backtracking unintentionally a lot. It's hard to explain, but one visit will clear up what I'm talking about. It's hard to really make any specific points as to how downhill this place has gone, but put simply, it isn't what it used to be. There are too many vendors selling overpriced junk, and not enough selling the merchandise that actually interests this reviewer. Check the place out if you happen to be in the neighborhood, but keep your expectations in check.
3	This place used to be jumpin'- it used to be the place to go, especially on the weekends, if you wanted to get better pricing than the malls (I knew a realtor that got all her suits from here; she said she worked in merchandising and everything came from the same suppliers). On our most recent trip there,  a while ago, much has changed. (The funny thing is I ran into another realtor and her client, Rip Taylor- small world, huh?) It's not as crowded with people shopping, which might as well be the case, since the spaces were half-filled. It was a like a ghost town, kind of depressing actually. I wonder if the entrance fee deters people from coming inside. At four pm, the fee is cheaper, but then again maybe some of the vendors have left by this time, if it's slow. There were lots of clothing, luggage, and fake designer bags (almost at every corner, wow, evidence that counterfeits are big business). There was a man from Hawaii selling bath salts at a reasonable cost though. Yeah, you guessed it, we bought some bags from him. There was a vendor selling art (paintings) but the space is not air-conditioned and I wouldn't really want to purchase a piece of art that I thought might be damaged from the elements. I would rather, weather permitting (not summer months), go to the outdoor swapmeet where you can get fresh produce and have a much wider selection of merchandise.
2	Okay, I don't mind paying the dollar in exchange for the $1.00 swap buck, but now they have restrictions on it !  I remember coming here when I was younger with my parents, but it's definitely not what it used to be.  Lots of empty lots and a big chunk of the vendors sell food now.  I tried using my swap buck at 3 different stores and each told me I had to spend $15.00 in order to use the swap buck !  I know I haven't been here in awhile, but I don't recall that rule in the past.  Items that were for sale were pretty similar from vendor to vendor...  socks, cheap perfume, pleather items, knock-off brand accessories, and old video games/movies that are overpriced.  I thought I'd find myself a good deal on something, but nothing appealed to me at all.  Not so Fantastic !
3	The guys at the Comic store there know their stuff and have some great inventory, definitely the star of the swap meet IMO, you get a star  just for that place.  We only found one knife stand that had some real quality products, I will add a note later when I remember the name.As for eats, the Cactus Cafe has some good food and there was a stand at the south end selling some pretty good Empanadas.
3	I've lived in Vegas for 18 yrs now and one of the places that hasn't changed much over that time is the Fantastik Swapmeet.  Located at the intersection of Decatur & Oakey, the Swapmeet is a collection of vendors that sell everything from T-Shirts to Snakes.  Yes, there's an exotic pet vendor here!It's fun to come here and window shop.  I rarely buy anything here because most of the stuff is of cheap quality.  Plus, you have no recourse if something breaks or doesn't fit properly.  I do come here to have one of the watch vendors replace a dead watch battery.  It only costs $7 to get a new battery, so I always come here for that service.  I also enjoy the "As Seen On TV" vendor.  Over the years I've purchased more stuff I didn't need from this vendor than any of the others here.  The one I actually use often is the Ginsu Knife knockoff.....hey it cuts well/stays sharp and it was cheap ($10)!One of the more interesting things about this place is the carpeting.  They've carpeted the floor with old casino carpeting.....so you'll see various carpeting from old casinos like the Fitzgerald's and 4 Queens on the floor.  It's kind of like the Neon Museum but for carpeting.There are food vendors here, but I don't recommend eating here.  I've had Hot Dogs and Sandwiches here a long time ago, but it's really not worth it unless you're super-hungry.Overall, it's an interesting place to visit and worth the small price of admission ($1).  Return Factor - 75%
3	I think bizarre comes to mind for this place. If you get bored with casinos and have some time away from the strip on a weekend (only open on weekends) and want to see weird stuff, come here. How many places can you buy stun guns, a large selection of exotic snakes, a huge selection of pole dancer shoes and clothing, weird art, jewelry, and countless other things. It's cheap to get in, and you can usually find free entrance coupons in the local papers. It's a fun way to kill an hour or so....
5	Was not expecting much but it was more than I expected. It was clean and low priced. It was more like a flea market. Will definitely go back!!
3	Yes, you pay a dollar but hey how fast does a dollar disappear in Vegas? there was a nice variety of fake jewelry,  much cheaper than in other places in Vegas. Oh, and they had the real stuff too.  Several booths with Asian souvenirs typically found in Chinatown. Shop around- price varies greatly.While I was surprised at the number of empty stalls, it was still worth my dollar admission that you can trade in for a discount at various booths.Again, a nice break from the hot Vegas days.
3	ok. For this place, to begin, they charge you a dollar as an adult to get in and free for kids 12 and under. They have some great vendors and some not so good. Lil Man and I have been there a handful of times. We usually walk around and end up at the same shops to browse. For example, he likes looking at the airsoft and bb guns. We usually go to a couple of shops that carry airsoft guns and samurai weapons. Then we go and look at things for me such as clothing, a couple of the dollar stores to get nail polish and hand soap for the bathrooms. Then we are off to get some beef jerky from this nice lady who gives free samples to try before you buy. Once we walk around and get everything we want, its time to go home. We are looking around to finding our own place and I know this great place to get a couple of area rugs to dress up our new place when we move in. I gave them only three stars because..... 1) they have almost everything that we need, 2) they some of the pricing is not bad when purchasing items, and 3) because it is indoor. What we didn't like is that they are only open so many hours on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. And lastly, it's quite a distance from where we live.
4	Deals were found thru out. Its good to see more booths were staffed then not. It's all new stuff so if your looking for pre owned or tools go to the outdoor one. It's a dollar to get in. The mini donut Booth is gone but plenty of places to eat are open. Security is present so don't try it. It's goof to come here on hot 100 plus degree days. Grab a smoothie and wall around.
5	I love this place! Yes, its a little on the ghetto side but whats so different than in downtown LA!?!They sell all tons of knick-knacks..and im a sucker for junk!! cell phone accessories, plants, flowers, huge wall painting, food, downtown LA clothing, makeup, jewelry, stuff you put on your work desk, belts, electronic stuff. I WAS GONNA BUY A FREAKIN KOALA FIGURINE FOR MY DESK TOO...kinda regret not buying it now....Nail polishes were $1. Fuck all that OPI and China Glaze or Dior shit. ITS FREAKIN NAIL POLISH!!!!!!! Who the hell is gonna know if its OPI or a bottle of $1 nail polish I bought here?!?!?! Wait, not just A bottle, I think I  bought 7 of em! =) And false eyelashes were $1.50 each. This booth was to the left from where you first enter.OHHH!!!! And feather earrings (for those who are into that AND it's in style for the autumn season) ranges from $1 to like $3!!! You can't beat that! I know certain stores sell them for $6-8!! *ahem*forever21wetsealcharlotterusseI like how each isle is named after something Vegas-y. Like the first isle was Aladdin then the Bellagio, and Circus Circs...etc etc etc all the way down to isle J...otherwise known as "Jackpot." i like details like that! =) heheIts only opened fri-sun from 10am-6pm.Most stores i went into accepted credit/debit cards.
5	While paying an entrance fee is a bit strange to me, it's only a dollar and there is a two for one coupon on their website. If you like shopping at carnivals and little festival type gatherings where there is a lot of random, cheap, and assorted stuff, this place is awesome. A lot of trendy jewelry like feather and flower clips and earrings, shiny big rings, and hair feathers are $1. They had a lot of make up and nail polish that was $1 as well but I'm more wary of those since even store brand products can carry toxic ingredients in them. As for the clothing and shoes that I saw, they look like newer thrift store quality clothing but at retail price, so it's not really worth it to me for the styles they carry. Definitely worth it if you want to stock up on cheap accessories though. And I love the reptiles shop. Their owners are very knowledgeable and totally into their critters.  I'm not a good haggler, but if you wanted to you could beat the prices down you could.
3	After calling several nursery's in the valley, one referred me here. I was looking for a  bonsai tree.  The one place that sales it in the flea market was sold out. So instead I purchased a money tree plant and some lucky bamboo. Other then that, I really didn't pay attention to anything else. (The lady didn't tell me how to care for the money tree, so I called my pops for him to tell how to care for it since he is a plant freak.) I will only return here for plants.
1	lots of crap and junk, way way too expensive, most of the merchants will not barter nor haggle.
5	This place is great!! It's way bigger than it looks from the outside. There are dozens of vendors that sell new and unique items. They even sell the Godard paintings (the ones with olives) for a fraction of the cost (we have 4). Plus you can still bargain with the vendors just like a garage sale. It's great. It's worth checking it ou.
4	I was looking for a embroidery place in Las Vegas...and used Yelp to find one, and came across Fantastic.  I figured to  check out the swapmeet since I haven't been and knew it would be affordable.  When we got there, we totally passed the place and started from the back going through all the rows.  I wished they had the location on Yelp.  But, it's on your left side when you first walk in.  The lady that helped us; I forgot to ask for her name (she had red hair) was extremely helpful.  She was very patient w/ me considering the number of customers walking in and the number of things I needed to embroidered.  And me having to change my mind twice.  She recommended things that would look better, and was not frustrated when I changed things.  I appreciate her for that.  The price was not that bad also.  I would definitely go back if I need other stuff embroidered.
4	While I was in Las Vegas, I was doing some browsing around and saw this. A friend recommended I check it out.- gotta pay a dollar admission to get in,.. which aint much.-parking lot is huge, but the place can get busy!-there are alot of things to buy from toys to clothing.. as any swap meet... but I didnt see someone selling their old raggity stuff.-there are food and drinks there too.-This place is bigger than it looks from the outside.
3	This place gets sadder and more ghetto every time I go, but it's still not as ghetto as the rancho swap meet,thank god. It's still cheap,like $1 to get in,and there are great little stalls selling things for $1 only. I go there just for those! Last time I discovered a bob a tea stand too which was awesome, and sometimes at Christmas, there is a santa you can take free pics with...My sister and I got one a couple years ago! awesome! I seem to make it here at least 4x a year to see whats up.
4	Part of my annual Vegas trip involves a pilgrimage to Fantastik. It's not so much a swap meet as an indoor flea market. Personally, I'm in it for the bling. The sparkly, sparkly bling. The vendors on the right when you first walk in have about the best prices and the ladies are very sweet and enthusiastic (and willing to haggle a bit). The first wig vendor you'll come to (the bigger of the two that are currently there) is also very good; selection, quality, and fun! They'll do special orders, too, I believe. Dubarry is another fun vendor of sparklies, $1 false eyelashes and assorted things you don't need but my god, they're only a buck! You can also find blinged-up cell phone cases (find the vendor with the fully blinged-up landline phones for the shiniest stuff you ever did see). Did I mention that there's bling?Don't expect anything vintage. Or any clothes of particular quality, really. But good prices on touristy shirts if you need souvenirs. If you take a cab there, be sure to get a card, because it's hard to just "catch" a cab.
3	Being a Cali girl has me swapmeet spoiled. This place kind of sucks. You pay $1 to get in but half the booths are closed. The remaining booths have mostly junk ~ cheap jewelry, clothes, bags, shoes, etc. It's kind of entertaining, though. If you're into blingy costume jewelry (plastic) and hair clips, then you'll probably find what you're looking for here. Check out the mini donut stand in the back -- they'll make scrumptious hot out of the oil donuts right in front of you. Also, there's a pretty large Avon stand if you're into that sort of thing. I'm not, but have never seen Avon products in person, so I thought it was pretty cool! They had nice smelling creams:-)I was intrigued by the gun guy and begged my husband to buy me a stun gun so I could go all Stephanie Plum should someone accost me in a dark alley. He said no:-(
4	I didn't know what to expect.  They have some great little booths with cheap nail polish, hair stuff, home decor.  The employees are so nice.  We did find a Greek restaurant inside.  The Junk Yard Cafe.  They had the best falafel wrap I've ever had.  We would go back just for that.
2	All I wanted was a Coast brand flashlight and trinkets.  There's about 5 or 6 sword, knife and hand weapons vendors.  A ton of crappy clothiers and wig shops.  The A/C was barely tolerable.  I'm never setting foot inside again.
4	Came here to beat the heat and get out of my home.I liked it, it was air conditioned, a nice big parking lot. Lots of interesting things. We didn't get a chance to check out the mini donuts or the cactus cafe, maybe next time.The chocolate stand was amazing, and the guy was a real sweetheart.Return factor: for sure.
1	If your planning to start a business here don't do it.manager have no clue of running this place. She must be friends with owner,bunch of retards!thats why this place is a dump.
3	A funky place to spend an entertaining hour or so people watching and looking at a lot of the same things over and over again. Hey, it only costs a buck!This is one of the many businesses in Vegas who have managed to score some old casino carpet for their floor and it definitely brightens things up.Some of the stuff you'll find here:-cheap jewelry-electronic cigarettes-real and plastic plants-live pets-"everything's a buck" booths-natural pain spray-eyebrow plucking-massage-medicinal herbs-miracle metal cleaner-eyeglasses-watches-Las Vegas themed t-shirts-hot dogs-ice cream-hat and t-shirt embroidary-perfume-tacos-shoes-luggageWHEW!
4	I recently went to this swapmeet, just bought a few things and as I was browsing I came across this booth.  "Ellie Beauty" by Nancy....eyebrow threading.  I've never had this done but after talking to Nancy I just felt I could trust my eyebrows AND upper lip to be in good hands.  Well I can tell you this....I will have it done again (it lasts about 4 wks).  I think it looks better than waxing, & very little pain...really.  It's no fancy salon but this procedure doesn't  use chemicals, just a skill at using household thread.
3	Just Alright. Really not a bad indoor swap meet, but I just can't find it in myself to give them any higher than 3 stars.  This is probably the best "indoor" swap meet in Las Vegas and also houses a wide range of merchandise. Like the other swap meets, you can find deals in phone accessories, shoes, clothing, luggage, and some T's.  This one also has some sports memorabilia, furniture, artwork/prints, and even furniture.  Quality at this swap meet is a definitely better than Rancho's.  This place is also more organized, cleaner, and even busier than Rancho's. Only $1 for admission, which is worth it if you're looking for that steal.  TIP:  If you like beef jerky, check out Sun's Beef Jerky.  Sun's Beef Jerky is some of the best freshly made jerky I've ever had.  Better than Alien Jerky.  It's pricey with a small bag costing $5 and a larger bag costing $10.  The very nice Thai lady working the counter will give free samples if you ask.  Been over a year and a half since I had their jerky and on my last visit she even commented that I never come by anymore.  Wow...what a memory she has?
3	My sweetheart and I like to stop by every once and awhile to check out the vendors. Our last visit was so that we could buy some jewelry cleaner for my rings. There is a very sweet mature couple who have a jewelry cleaning booth that does demonstrations. I was sold!There is also another vendor who sales a variety of figurines and dragon sculptures  that my sweetheart likes in which we purchased from as well on our last visit.I enjoy the inexpensive beauty goodies they have as well, such as costume jewelry, hair clips and such.We stop by once and awhile as it is hit and miss to see what is new in stock.We may buy some pieces of reproduction art from a vendor they have as well because he has a lot of great prints framed and unframed at great prices!
5	best place to find amazing costume jewlery....for $1! can beat that! great place to buy luggage and gifts
3	Nothing really "fantastic" about the Fantastik Indoor Swap Meet.When ever you find yourself with a favorite vendor, they're never where you last saw them or they are just no longer at the swap meet the next time that you go back. We come here for two things, bamboo plants and watch batteries.
4	There is a fairly diverse selection of dealers and good prices.  My wife and I are usually here once a month and always find something we need, or want. Check it out you won't be disappointed
5	Great place to find hidden gems of all kinds of good people.
1	Recently, one of the owners spoke with me about creating multiple accounts & even paying people to post up bogus positive reviews about this filthy old dump in an effort to improve their rating on Yelp.  I had to explain to him that isn't how Yelp works.  He didn't get it. If you plan on starting your own business here, I wouldn't suggest it.  Most vendors fail within their 1st 8 weeks...some even pack it up early after a couple weeks...before their rent is even due.  The rental contract is for 4 weeks.  It's not monthly, so you end up paying rent 13 times a year vs. 12 if you happen to be in the minority that manage to stay.  The least expensive booth in a bad location will cost you $7 a square foot ($695 every 4 week) not including 3 unnecessary move in charges.  Add it all up & you're looking at close to $1000 to move in, not including State & City business licenses as well as Insurance for your dinky 10'x10' spot.  The ones that have lasted are locked into lower rental rates from many years ago.  It is very difficult for a new vendor to make any profit here or break even.  One of the owners asked me why people move out so fast.  I told him, they simply aren't able to afford being there.  His response, "That 's what they say while they are running all the way to the bank."  This guy has some of the most moronic logic ever! For example, looking at the photos posted on yelp, many of those businesses are no longer there.  The Greek restaurant, the crepe place, the nut guy, Vegas Crafts (cool wooden bowls), Mrs. Jones vinyl art, the empanadas guy (yes...there is a new one now) have all left.  Almost half of those photos are no longer relevant.  The previous reviewer is correct about quality vendors not lasting.  They have a directory that is printed up once a month.  In many cases, by the time a new vendor is added to the directory...they have already moved out.  The clientele is like most of the products for sale...low quality & cheap.  The Feds have come in on multiple occasions to raid booths selling knock-off items & arrest vendors breaking the law.  The place has a reputation for this as I have seen it reported on the local news numerous times.  If you have high quality products or services to offer, look elsewhere.  Most of the clientele in here cannot afford nicer things.In July of 2012 the building suffered a flood due to the old & outdated infrastructure, a pipe in the ceiling burst.  Many vendors were forced to either relocate to less desirable spots, move out of the building or shut down.  They are still in the process of renovating the flooded portion up to code, but are not renovating the rest of the building.  Don't be surprised if it happens again in the older/untouched section which is about 80% of the building. OSHA forced them to eradicate the damaged building materials & have it stored in a landfill for 100 years since it is deemed to contain asbestos & is considered hazardous waste materials.  Amazingly enough, the original/flooded main isle carpet is still intact almost 1 year later even though it got soaked (thus having asbestos in it as well.)  The phone lines in the building are so old that on numerous weekends, vendors cannot ring up sales as they cannot run their credit card machines & customers cannot access cash from the ATMs on site.  Bring your cash beforehand just in case!The biggest problems with the place is that it's mismanaged by a moody GM & the 3 part-time, out of state owner's inability to see just how lousy she is as a manager.  She is the #2 reason people move out...#1 being people just not able to make.  Rather than addressing the issues, they blame other factors.  It seems as though they suffer from cognitive dissonance.   She has a temper & raises her voice unnecessarily while enforcing rules that she doesn't obey herself.  Not only that, but the rules always seem to change depending on who benefits.  For example, she tells people no animals allowed unless they are service animals, yet she will let her poodle (not a service dog) run about inside unleashed.On a positive note, the staff & most of the vendors are good, honest, hard working people.  I can honestly recommend BroadAcres over Fantastic as a potential vendor or a customer & seeing the reviews, Yelpers agree!  Less expensive rent, higher traffic count, many more vendors, a better food/drink selection & places to actually sit while you eat.  Not too mention the performance stage & a liquor license which Fantastic can't obtain.I will not be back...even if they handed out free HAZ-MAT suits!
1	I thought I'd chime in on the quality of the merchandise I've purchased here.1. A new/unopened bottle of Rochas cologne that exploded in my car the 1st day I had it.  It was sealed in the box with plastic wrapping.  I wasn't allowed to exchange or return it.  The vendor said it was my fault for leaving it in the heat.  All my previous bottles of Rochas have never exploded in my car, even on hotter days.  It makes me suspicious that it was indeed a knock off with low quality glass...2. A Social Distortion & Misfits T-shirt that no matter how many times I washed them, stunk like industrial strength black markers/sharpies.  They are now in my pile of rags for cleaning the rims of my car & will be tossed out after I use them.3. A "Service Dog" ID tag & ID card that I could've made better at home with my own printer & gotten laminated at Kinkos for much less ($25.)4.  An engraved dog tag that lasted less than a month before the paint started chipping off which has since been replaced with a quality one ordered online.5. A cell phone charger that would take more than 12 hours to charge my phone which completely stopped working after 2 weeks.6. A piss poor tint job on my car from Blackjack Window Tinting.  See my separate review on this business...  Long story short, 4 failed attempts to tint my windows leaving bubbles & scratches in the tint & razor blades left in the vehicle (twice!)7. A windshield sunshade that hasn't even lasted 4 months & is flaking apart on my dash & clothes whenever I use it leaving black debris all over my car.Every single purchase has backfired & has cost me more money in the long run.  Don't bother buying things here, get them from a reputable retailer that will offer returns/exchanges/refunds/guarantees.
4	Found this air conditioned beaut driving down the street in Vegas and decided to check it out. I love swap meets even if I don't buy anything. If that's already not you're sort of thing, then don't go. However, it's a great time filler. We needed something to do while waiting for a restaurant to open. Entered for $1, $.50 for Seniors. There's many vendors here who sell everything from low quality shoes, underwear, or other clothing. I personally would stick to buying gold/jewelry, (or get it cleaned), buy artwork (my fave!), cheap knock-off sunglasses, hats, or get a shirt or hat custom embroidered. Oh and wigs...you can get a snazzy Vivica Fox wig like my Nana did! She's a sassy 71 - not old, just mature!
5	What can you say about a swapmeet? They literally have everything you could possibly need and so much more that you don't!!! There is a vendor here that makes the most amazing little cinnamon and sugar donuts. This awesome place to spend a lazy weekend day. They are only open Fri-Sun til 6pm. When I go I take a tote bag and $40 spending money.
4	Love this swapmeet !!!It's close to us, only a dollar to get in (but we usually have BYGO coupons, so its on ly 1 dollar for me and my mom and my son is free), its nice and cool inside.  It's great to go walk around and just look.  We love one of the essential oil stores and get oils from them often.  They are a good price and not watered down.  Their is also one place that i LOVE to get nail polish at and its only a dollar and its the best !!! I'm addicted to nail polish and this one lasts forever and is almost as good as OPI.....true story !!Lot of stuff i would never buy but its always fun to look.We will be here a lot :)
5	EUCALYPTUS zone at the fantastic Swapmeet J-14 their.s Eucalyptus Oil liniment all natural is the best for pain back aches.Arthritis.hayfever colds and its made in Usa 800-336-6291 Excellent Swapmeet restaurants. Sushi.mexican.American thai fun place to shop
2	I am trying to come up with some positive feedback for this place. Sadly, the only thing that comes to mind is that I didn't get shot while there. If you are interested in looking at booths with garage sales items marked up to department store prices, come here! 99% of the items appears to be from the 90s. Old Avon booths, faded garments and outdated "As Seen on TV" items were the most popular booths. 1% of the items appeared to be handmade, which earned them one star for effort. Personally, I would buy a cake at a swap meet or nuts from old bins but someone who is less of a germ-a-phobe may. I must admit, they have the most pathetic looking "Farmers Market" I have ever seen. They had brussel sprouts in the same condition and packaging as the 99 Cent Only store that I saw the previous day, the "farmer" marked them at $2.50. I thought about it in my head and my friend who was with me both days brought it up that she bet that the guy stopped at the 99 Cent store to stock up. The layout of the place is confusing at best and be prepared for aggressive sales people trying to sell you a scarf as "handmade by the seller" with a made in china tag. It is a $1 admission to get in. Save your buck.
4	What? Go to a swapmeet? Nah. But I did.Fantastic has been around for awhile in Vegas. It is what it is. Some people shop here faithfully, some come every once and awhile. I came for a work function and stayed to shop around a bit.Some think swapmeets are skeezy, but this one is nice. It is indoors, the vendors are set up in a grid system. There is a Farmer's Market!! Yes, inside the swapmeet is a farmer's market. I was pleasantly surprised by this.Currently the swapmeet is open Thurs, Fri, Sat, Sun. But they are planning to open 7 days a week for specific sections. So get ready for deals every day of the week.There are also food vendors, but I did not try any. There are a lot of places to bling out your i-Phone, buy knock-off items (no thanks), but also some vendors with quite intriguing items. Don't knock it til you've tried it! ;)
4	The cost of $1 is a great deal, bought a jacket from the embroidery shop right as you enter the building, great price!  Make sure you check them out!
4	We've fell upon the swap meet after a friend told us to go check it out.  So, we did and we were pleasantly surprised.  First let's get a couple of things clear...it's a swap meet, not a department store, not a mall...a swap meet.  All types of people selling some of everything. I can honestly say I don't go for the clothes or the shoes, just not my style, but you never know what you may find.  There's a farmer's market in the rear that has a good selection of stuff.  Over the holidays we were there every weekend to buy hand crafted ornaments and christmas decorations from one of the vendor at the farmers market. This couple makes everything themselves throughout the year and sells them over the holidays in there. I'm a serious shopper and I have not seen any of the items I purchased from them in any other store in town or online. There is also a lady who sells nothing but pet stuff. She has the best treats and bakery items for my pups...and buffalo ears that they love love love. today I discovered Liliana's Peruvian bakery.  I'm kicking myself for not buying more delights, because now I have to wait til next weekend to get more.  Oh and the Jerky lady is soooo good. All different types and they are addicting! If you've never been, stop buy, walk around, take in the sights, get a snack and support the locals trying to make a living.
4	I enjoy going there when we have time. The $1.00 jewelry is nice if you look at it for what it is, $1.00 jewelry. It wont last but is cute and trendy.Only thing I don't like was when we went to the store that sold belly dancing clothes, the sales clerk would NOT leave us alone to shop! I couldn't even talk to my sister because she kept interrupting us! Everything we touched, she pulled off the rack and tried to force us to try on. WAY TOO PUSHY!!! Sad, because we actually went there to shop at that store. They lost a lot of sales over that, even went back another weekend and same pushy woman was there.Other than that, its a great swap meet for what it is. I enjoy the different vendors and their variety of stuff.
2	I like swapmeets.  You never know what kind of bargins you will find.  This place, unlike other swapmeets, is a permanent indoor facility.  Nice to be indoors especially in the summer time.  But the permanent portion needs to be stressed.  These vendors have been in their stalls for a long time.  The idea of finding something new here just really doesn't happen.  Plus, I find mostly antique stuff or garage sale items, which I'm not into.  I wish there were more novelty stuff.  It's quite large, which is ironic that I really couldn't find anything I wanted to buy.
4	I came here looking for three items that I really wanted to pick up on my most recent visit to Vegas. I had tried one of the premium outlets and they where very overpriced.I was coming down the road kind of on my way to meet a friend for dinner and I say the words Indoor Swap meet written on the building. This place had potential so I stopped and took a look inside.They charge you a buck to get in the door but they give you a dollar coupon that you can use for transactions of $15 or more so that was cool and I used it on the bracelet that I ended up getting.This place is amazing and it has a ton of different random stuff and it is all Vegas style. It is hard for me to pinpoint the differences between Indoor swap meets in Las Vegas and Los Angeles but you can tell.Anyway I started to look around and this place was huge. Good thing I had an hour and a half to kill. They had a lot of jewelry places and that is what I was looking for. The first aisle I walked down, I found my bracelet and it was cheap. It kind of looks like a chain and is not to obnoxious.To aisles over, I found a place with a ton of different rings. Lots of skulls and stuff. I am cheap so I was looking for stainless. I settled on an iron cross ring and I couldn't be happier with my purchase there. I got out of there for under $50 and I got two of the three things on my list. Score!
1	I have been coming here for years. There's one place in particular positively nutz on isle H-27. I used to not miss if I was here. Then I starts to notice that his chocolate sits there one week to another and the guy the runs it his name is mike he is not the cleanest person there. His booth is infested with cockroaches I saw 2 of them in his display case over his chocolates. One person warned him and I saw him kill it with his bare hands then without washing his hands he rearrange the chocolate. DO NOT EAT ANYTHING HERE  unless you want to get sick. I'm going to call the health district Monday  .....
5	Got my watch battery fixed here for a couple bucks. A good variety of vendors here and I always see something new every time I go. Tips:- Bring cash, only some vendors accept credit.- There's a buy one, get one free coupon on their website for admission.
5	I'm not from Las Vegas and I have been to swap meets in California and Oregon and never buy anything. But I bought a bunch of things here and it was a pleasant surprise. I did have to pay to get in.. Only $1 but I got it back because they give you a $1 off coupon. Now I keep coming back and I stop in at least once a month to see what's new.
3	Open Fri sat sun..  good place to visit when you can't afford to stay in the casinos 24-7. wide variety of vendors including one that has a couple of snakes that you can take pictures with.  As seen on TV, etc a few knife dealers, shoes bags suit cases. They even have a custom embroidery shop.  Good place to spend a few hours brousing.
3	Am I the only person who didn't expect to pay an entry fee to browse a bunch of junk? Well, it's only a dollar, but still.Lots more booths here than I expected, you can probably find just about anything you need at various price points, including wigs, clothing and accessories, light up neon business signage, knock-off perfume and cosmetics, and a few snack options.Nothing here really blew me away- except maybe the giant kangaroo statue in the middle of a vacant aisle with no signage, and The Snake Guy. Check him out, and maybe the Hawaiian snack store, but otherwise this place is pretty pathetic.
2	I was not very impressed.Not the place to go if your looking for antiques.No what I think of with the words swap meet.I picture people bringing there cool stuff to swap or sell.This is mostly just a bunch of booths selling basic flea market pre made booth stuff.The air conditioning was nice, and the snake guy was neat
4	Oh man. A cheap bargain hunter's heaven, really. Someone rented us a shuttle bus from the Orleans for a pack of us to come and raid the swap meet. For me, I needed some costume jewelry from Duberry's! What an amazing spot. If you need cheap dance shoes, this is also a place to get them at one of the stalls. They have pretty much everything you need and DON'T need at this place. Well worth the $1 entry fee.
4	I've been  coming here since I was a little girl.  Although now it is much more empty,  I still enjoy it the same. If you're looking for the fashion outlets or coach stores then this is not the place for you. What do you really expect from a place called the swapmeet. Only open Fri-sun and $1 admission in the door. We end up here when we are bored but need to get out of the house. A great time killer and you never know what you might come across. They have an array of items from luggage, fake floral, knives, perfumes, jewelry, live birds, sports items, clothing, a few dollar booths, furniture store, art gallery, magic shop, wigs, shoes, rugs, body jewelry, and I could keep going. There is even a small section they call the farmers market (tried some raspberry jelly and it was delish). We've also tried the couple sweet shops located inside. I've boughten many things from shops here. Perfume was one of the first, 3 for $10 shirts, skeleton trinkets, my Kershaw knife, some dollar hair clips... Unfortunately the cool snake shop is gone, but there has been some construction on one side where it looks like they will be putting a salon in. We will continue to come here as long as they keep the doors open.
4	This is one of the crazier places to go in Las Vegas.It is a monster warehouse filled with a zillion vendors selling everything from brass knuckles to beef jerky. And seriously ANYTHING in between. We always end up finding several things we did not realize we needed until we saw it here! And everything is really cheap!Insiders Tip - I have been several times. There seems to be a lot of vendor turn over.There some vendors that I see every time, but then a lot of the smaller ones that come and go. So if you see something you like, don't assume it will be there next time!
1	This place was cool in the past. Now it's filthy and full of junk but not the good junk. All Chinese imitations. Actually used to have a booth there but owners are more interested in charging 1 dollar at the door and then renting our front parking lot for circuses. Really why just to fatten your pockets and take away biz from local indoor sellers. Definitely not what It used to be. Alot of the older vendors who had been there for 30 years moved out. They don't even vacuum the carpets
3	Giant indoor swapmeet that costs 1$ for admission.An excellent time killer, full of odds and ends - and great food!Merchants to note inside: - Thai beef jerky- Cinnamon glazed coated almonds ( ! )- The Snake Man : Get your picture taken with a large boa in your arms or shoulders for a fee.- Donut Man - (I think mini donut balls)Came out with nothing but snacks, if you don't mind some light 'LA ghetto vibe', then come here to waste time or look around!
4	This is the best indoor swapmeet I have seen in Vegas so far.  This place has been very clean and the vendors were very courteous.  Not only that but they offer a 2 for 1 discount for anyone who brings a flyer when they return.  Some of my most notible items bought here include: dragon statues, anime merchandise, and custom made t-shirts.  If you are looking for a swapmeet to visit I highly suggest visiting this one.
