5	Going here the other night may have very possibly one of the most fun nights that I have ever had.Okay, so it's a little dive bar, nothing too unique about that in Vegas.  But it was the sign out front that made me stop my car, throw it in reverse, and drive back to see if I read the banner correctly:Porn star karaoke.It's true!  Monday nights at 10:00, porn stars call it a day from their jobs and come to this rather cheery bar with a good vibe to belt out some tunes.  And everybody is super nice.  From the great bartenders to the hostess who has apparently been in over 26,000 films.  At this point, all boasting rights I've ever had as an actor are laid silent, because I am never going to beat that.So the initial call to new wacky situations was strong enough to summon out the missus, my good friend and I to sit, drink cheap, tasty drinks, and belt out tunes alongside a whole cadre of adult film actors.  And they can sing.  And they also flash more than a few boobs while singing, so if that's also your thing, then there you go.  They even play some crazy games, of which my friend won a prize.There may be too many highlights to list, but I think one of my personal favorites was being able to stun a group of porn stars into open mouthed wonder with my rendition of Michael Jackson's "Rock With You".  I thought about singing "How Deep Is Your Love" from the Bee Gees, but that's perhaps too tacky and obvious.  But they have a sense of humor, so who knows?I've done a lot of karaoke, and I've been to a lot of bars, but nothing like this.    I would completely have to recommend the Red Label on a Monday night as a "must do" Vegas experience.  It's hilarious, quirky, and way too much fun.I can't wait to do this again.....
5	Whoa... i am shocked! This place was solid! Went in to get some food staples while watching football. Bartender Cy.. rocked.. got me a pork stir fry spicy.. was great.. i was stunned it was excellent!
4	This review is not based on the food (because that sucked). red label's a cute little dive, a block off the strip, that has themed Karaoke and offers a cheers like experience. My plan was to come in here have 1 drink away from the craziness of the strip while I plot out my night. I ended up staying here 'till 2AM and closing out the place with a duet of Bohemian Rhapsody (I dont even like Karaoke)! The drinks were also free. I was playing Keno, so the bartender kept bringing in these massive drinks. I'll likely come back due to my experience, but I can definately see this place having more slow times then good.
2	Came here for a Cowboys game and hung out with the Las Vegas Cowboys Elite Club for the day.  The bar itself is a nice find right off the strip and the layout is actually pretty nice.  The bar is situated right in front of you as you walked in but the lounge area we were hanging out and watching the game is was off to the side.  The lounge here is what really shines out of the entire place.  it comes with a bunch of projector screens situated around the room and a giant one at the front of the lounge in case you aren't situated by any of the other projectors.  Lots of room to sit around the lounge and, I'm not sure if they always have tables in the middle of the room, but the bar set up some tables for additional seating so everyone can watch the Cowboys game.  Just a head's up though, during the Cowboys game, they allow smoking in the lounge area even though there is a sign that says 'No smoking beyond this point'.  I wasn't too happy about sitting in a smoky room all game so just a head's up for anyone interested in stopping by to watch a Cowboys game at this bar.Regarding food and drink, they have a standard collection and nothing too crazy.  I'm not sure if it's a Cowboys Club thing, but the bar makes shots for everyone in the bar every time the Cowboys score, which I think is pretty awesome.  But what really stands out here is the Thai food options to order.  Having a Thai food option instead of just straight bar food was pretty nice.  The food was delicious and the portions were a comfortable size but left me a little hungry for the price.  The lady taking our order from the Thai restaurant actually mixed up the Cowboys game time menu with the regular Thai menu and actually charged us more than what was advertised for the Chicken Satay.  She said I was given the regular plate, not the happy hour plate and came back an hour later to collect more money from me even though the price stated on the menu was what I wanted.  At least she made the effort to cross out the Chicken Satay on the game time menu.. but I was still irritated that they made the mistake and decided not to eat the cost instead of pester me about paying up for their mistake.  Aside from that they only other thing I can comment on is the bathroom.  The bathroom was a bit small and I kept bumping into people as I came in and out of the bathroom.Overall, I've definitely been to much better but it's not that bad here.  I managed to stick it out with the smokiness and mis-charging of food but it definitely fell short of what I consider to be a pleasurable experience (...and I consider myself a pretty easy to please guy).  I do commend them for trying to support the local Cowboys fans and create a spot for the Club to hangout for games and activities.  However, I don't think I'll be back anytime soon as some aspects need to change for me to be comfortable here.
5	I love this place! I think of it a lot like the Cheers of Vegas. Since moving here I find most of the local spots to be riddled with assholes, but anytime I happen to meander into the Label I feel right at home. Drink prices are average, the Thai food is good, but the staff is the best!
4	Nice club, but smells very smokey, nice older crowd!  My only thing the night we went it only was about steppers!  People trying to get you to let them teach you stepping!   Ummmm, I'm not about to pay $50.00 per session!  I'm not that into stepping, and I will get on youtube if I want to learn for free!
1	Being a BBW fan I decided to give this place a try given that I had great experiences at places like this in LA and NY. It was not that great, the bartenders absolutely ignore you unless you have a large rack, people just standing around and the BBWs are all actually ssbbws. None of the girls want to dance or they are dancing with their friends not being very sociable. I've been there twice and I won't be back. It has to be the worst club in Las Vegas and absolutely the worst BBW club I've ever been to.
3	I love it here. Never ate a single bit but the locals are funny, the bartenders cool & it's easy.
2	Got the pad see ew and a couple drinks. Bartender was friendly and food tasted delicious. Reason for two stars is because they seemed disorganized, and the bartender told me that ordering food was separate from the bar so they had us open two tabs. Waitress from Thai food place did not honor the 50% off one entree offer on yelp. She dropped off the check and never came to pick it back up, nor did she ever check up on us. Thankfully, the bartender grabbed utensils and took care of us even though it was the other waitresses job
1	I went here with friends for a bbw event on Saturday.  It was my birthday that previous Thursday as well as one of my friends birthdays that night. I want to say now to not even bother with the check in deal because they don't honor it. The deal says one per person, but they definitely had a problem with me and my friend both using one from our separate check-ins so we could get half off on 2 completely separate tabs. My friend was the one to get half off which is good because I would have rather her have it than me, but I don't want to be excited thinking I'm going to get a deal that they won't even give you. The event itself was pretty flippin terrible. My friends agreed that the company they were getting they didn't necessarily want. I had a better time tailgating in the parking lot than paying $32 for a round for my friends.
1	do not use check in deal they will not honner it!  the deal says one per person per visit well  we had two separate tabs and two separate check in deal they refused to honor the coupon even though we followed the qualifications i don't see the point of every going here again they gave me a hard time and after agreeing to honor the coupon took it off with out our knowledge.  being that the coupon is on yelp i would think yelp would care moe about there reputation
1	I think it is about time I create a Yelp review since I have been here many times over. I feel that each time it has gotten worse by far with more complaints with each visit. My first complaint is the bar and bar staff as they are always understaffed on busy nights.We only attend on special bbw nights which is usually on a Saturday night. The fourth Saturday of every month to be exact. You would think for a special group function that they would have extra staff on hand to handle the crowd.The staff is not friendly and they NEVER have drink specials which is a let down since they have one beer special. I recently found out that they do not honor their advertised Yelp check in which is not cool. There is no excuse for having a Yelp check in offer and not honoring it, that is unacceptable.  The ventilation sucks and there is zero air conditioning, it is hotter than hell in there and when busy it is BAD! Especially considering they are hosting BBW dance parties. I mean come on us big girls get HOT!I am done with this review, I am over it. This place sucks! I will not visit again due to the rude bar staff as it is a complete turn off!
