5	Wow!  All these new buffets opened this month, & this is the very best of them!  Presenting:  "THE BUFFET"!  Yes, that's the name of it.  Clever, eh?  I was privileged to charge in to this lovely new place right at first opening today at 11 AM.  It's decorated in Modernistic styling (think 1957), & although it looks much smaller than the wonderful Harvest Buffet that formerly occupied the same space, it actually holds more diners, around 300.  Many of the food items served here were brand new, too.Today, The Buffet was serving American, Italian, Mexican, & Asian dishes, as well as a wide range of salad items & desserts.  On this first visit, I didn't try to count up how many food items were available, but suffice it to say there will be more things for you to try than you'll have room for on your first visit.Big 5 Stars for "The Buffet" at Harrah's Ak-Chin Casino!  It's right up there close to the great Wandering Horse Buffet overall, plus the staff here is extra friendly here & the price is $4 less... only $8.95 for the Lunch Buffet, including beverage!  Just show your (free) Total Rewards membership card when paying.I think this terrific new restaurant is worth the drive from wherever you are!=====================1/14/11 Mini Update:  Returned today with Norm R., Robyn N., Jeromy H., & Mike C. today.  It was fantastic, again!  * * * * *     :-))
5	This is, so far, the best buffet I've been to here in Arizona. So many amazingly good items, from soups such as the tasty egg flower and the ambrosial New England clam chowder, to entrees such as juicy brisket, grilled salmon and veggies, fish and freshly fried potato chips, delectable potstickers, and much more. There were so many superb dishes so I tried to get only a small portion of each item, to make room for some of the desserts. And what an array of desserts it was: fantastic bread pudding, different kinds of fruit pies, cheesecakes, gelatos, sorbets, and more. The contemporary design of the dining area, the very comfortable booths, and the very efficient and very friendly service also helped to make dining here with my yelp friends Rand H., Jeromy H., Mike C., and Robyn N. a truly memorable experience.
5	Fresh sliced beef brisket, grilled salmon, veggies right off the grill, fresh housemade potato chips that are served warm, clam chowder with clams, some of the best pot stickers I've ever had and much, much more is what you'll find at The Buffet at Harrahs Ak Chin resort.  Oh I can't forget about the desserts, mango sorbet, watermelon ice, bread pudding and so much more.  Easily one of the best, if not the best buffet in the Phoenix area.  I can't forget to mention the service - our server Sheryl was friendly, efficient and made sure our plates were cleared and drinks were filled.  Not only that, even the people working behind the food counters were nice and some of the most polite food service workers ever.  The only thing better than the food was the company of Rand H, Jeromy H, Norm R and Mike C.  Since I had never been here/played at Harrahs AkChin before, I scored a FREE buffet too!  woot!
5	The Buffet is REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLY the best buffet on the planet for thus far. The grilled salmon was unbelievably tasty, it fell apart as I was putting on my plate with the tongs.(just how I like it) I helped myself to three servings. Yuuuuuuuummmeeeeee!!!! The grilled vegetables were fresh and perfectly cooked. The clam chowder was creamy and wonderful. The egg drop soup was wonderful! Everything save the parsnips was fantastic!!!!! I don't know why those found their way into this collection of delectable wonders but this was the only thing that I didn't like about this five Star buffet. This meal ended with the most wonderful cheesecake ooooooooooh MG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  It would have been a sin not to have a second serving. So I did . . . All of the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. I left very happy and well fed.      Oh and  just one more tidbit of useful information about this FIVE STAR Buffet .... for me and two other attendees of this UYE this buffet was free!! I don't know how long they'll have this promotion but if you join their Total Rewards club, even if you're already a member at another Harrah's like I was. The meal is free and give you $15 to play in their casino. Whatever you win ...... YOU KEEP ! This place rocks so hard that I was completely comfortable starting my review with REALLY five times.Go see for yourself and let us know what you think.
1	I honestly don't know why this place got 5 stars. We drove all the way out there to try this 5 stars buffet and we were so disappointed. Did they change chefs or other reviewers had taste buds problem? (Sorry, no offense here)Food is like fast food restaurant quality, maybe slightly better at most. You might be able to find something okay to eat there but the bad things we noticed just really annoyed us. They have a grill section and you can see this large container on the table holding all the raw chicken, raw salmon waiting to be cooked. Well, they need to cover up the container while the food were waiting to be cooked and kept under 41 degree F.Grilled chicken on the stick, looked like they been sitting there all dry up before they were grilled, so they just looked raw outside but fully cooked inside, looked just like what I saw at the "body worlds exhibit", ouch!We also noticed there are quite a few flies flying around in the restaurant even they have those bug lights.If you were gambling there and the casino gives you free meal at this place, I say sure why not, but otherwise, its just not worth it. As a side note, we went to get the players cards and save $3 per person. First timer also get $20 free credit to pay. Me and my wife won $11 of out of those $40 free credit which save us 50% on this meal.
2	Sorry folks, but those who give this buffet 5 stars clearly don't get out often. They had mostly comfort food, nothing special. I will admit to a decent variety, but none of it was worth driving all the way to Maricopa for. I suppose if you were here to stay or gamble then the variety might impress you. But even still, Maricopa has grown up enough that there are many other restaurants in town that I think you'd do better to eat at.MeChicken Fried Steak and gravy: 2/5Fried Chicken: 3/5Salad bar (None of the dressings were labelled): 2/5Chow mein (beef I think, again not labelled): 2/5Sweet and Sour chicken: 3/5Sweet and Sour meatballs: 3/5Amaretto cheesecake: 5+/5 (This made the whole visit not suck)Cherry tart: 4/5Bread pudding: 5/5Angelfood cupcake: 3/5WifeRoast beef: 2/5 (dry even though it was carved for her)Lasagna: 4/5Tuna salad: 3/5Broccoli: 4/5 (yeah, she thought the broccoli was good)Mashed Potatoes and gravy: 3/5Iced Tea: 1/5 (wouldn't normally mention the drinks, but the tea was awful)Steak rare: 5/5Au gratin potatoes: 3/5Pork chop: 2/5 (tough and flavorless)Salisbury steak: 5/5Candied yams: 3/5Lemon meringue pie (sugar free): 1/5 (just plain disgusting)White chocolate sugar free cake: 2/5Lemon meringue pie (regular): 3/5Carrot cake: 3/5Service: 5/5Clean: 3/5 (Quite possible the harshest review here because the place was just filthy. Trash on the floors, many tables not cleaned, and barely cleaned once folks were seated.)
5	a 5-star buffet inside the harrah's casino.yummy sugar-free desserts and tender roast beef.
1	Management here must be stupid to remodel a buffet with 20 table. Poor common sense for Harrah's.
5	Hey, after several more visits to this food paradise, it's time to give it a fresh rave!  This last time I was joined by Arlin B. & Mike C., & it was terrific, as always, & it's worth the drive from the main parts of the Valley!Weekday Lunch Buffet $9.99 with your (free) Total Rewards membership & they might even comp you the buffet if you're just joining!  In any event...  YUM!     :-))
5	After a long day on the road, having dinner here was a no brainer after checking into our room at Harrah's AK-Chin. (This restaurant is inside the casino-Hotel.)The Boyfriend ate his weight in crab legs and shrimp. Apparently, so does everyone else except me! Sorry too much work for so little crab.I had a little bit of everything; the calamari, some shrimp, penne and cheese, Szechan chicken and rice, eggroll, chow mein, salad, green olives, ice cream and a piece of pumpkin pie. Everything was either good or really good.It was definitely better then some of the buffets we've been to in Vegas. All the staff were extremely friendly and attentive, which was unusual for a buffet.
1	Waited 3hrs to sit. 5:30 to 8:33 the worse system for seating. Don't ever go!
4	After reading some of the reviews, we just had to try this out. I am an all-you-can-eat crab lover, so the fact the seafood buffet had snow crab legs definitely attracted us. The crab legs were excellent, and the variety of the foods here was much more than some of the other crab buffets. The ambiance and interior design was also very nice, and much more fit for a date than Casino Arizona or Fort McDowell's buffet. Unfortunately, our conclusion at the end of the night was that it was not worth it. No foods particularly stood out. We still mostly ate crab legs, and that was probably our favorite item. The crab legs were of comparable quality to Casino Arizona & Fort McDowell, and driving all the way out here just for a nicer interior environment and more variety of mediocre food was not worth the gas nor the added price.In addition, we tried Wandering Horse Buffet recently and felt it was at least 2x better. While I prefer snow crab legs to the crab legs they had, Wandering Horse just had a much bigger variety of excellent foods, so we don't end up eating crab legs the entire time.In the end, I'd say check out this buffet if you're in the area, but if you live in the Metro area, dish out the extra $8 to go to Wandering Horse Buffet, or save a few bucks and go to Casino Arizona (but only for crab legs) than spend the gas to drive here.
5	It's been 14 months since I posted an update on this one, so this is just to say that this place is still great!  Today I feasted here joined by Norm R. & Mike C., enjoying such treats as Shrimp Vegetable Soup, Cream of Spinach Soup, an all the usual American, Greek, Mexican, Chinese & Italian fare plus an array of tasty desserts!     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet $9.99 with free Total Rewards Membership (& possibly free if you're just joining!).
2	No seasoning or flavor!! on a Wednesday night we tried it out and it tasted like a retirement home had taken the place over. Service was great but food was flavorless, dry and just not appealing at all. Not sure what the weekend looks like but as much as they want for the weekend buffet I will not waste the money to find out
1	Tried to eat here Friday night for the seafood buffet. We waited in line for 90 minutes before finally giving up. Would have been much sooner but the drive down there from my house is almost an hour. They have three lines, tiered based on the level of player's club card. The diamond card holders waltzed right in and the hostesses would seat from that line until it was empty before anyone from the 'lesser' lines would be seated. At the end, we stood still... didn't move an inch... for 20 minutes. So no-one from our line was seated for 20 minutes while dozens of people waltzed right through in the diamond and platinum lines. What a fucking joke. Waster my whole evening trekking down there dreaming of crab legs just to be snubbed by them.Never, EVER again.
1	mediocre food,poor selection, high price. I asked for my money back and got laughed at. Both times i have eaten there, not good. For an expensive buffet they need to take lessons from talking stick buffet. Golden Corral is even much better. Unless you are at least a diamond card holder,they treat you like a second class citizen. The odds are tight on the gambing and the casino is loaded with smoke from cigarette smokers. Harrah's better look up if they want to keep their business.
2	Of course they had to raise the price up $10 for Christmas Day. They could though have not kept running out of main dishes though. The food was good but I have been to far better buffet's and it's cost me much less. I have to say I won't being going back here, even if it is close to home!
2	The wait was awful.  Granted, we were there at dinner time, but it was a Tuesday night.  Kudos to the cashier who walked over to us rather than expect my wheelchair bound Mom to go over and pay.The food seemed well laid out.  The serving dishes weren't huge tubs so no food item sat for very long.  The taste of the various foods was just OK.  American foods were a little better than the Chinese and Mexican offerings.There were a number of cakes and pies for dessert.  The best part was the 10 or so flavors of Talenti gelato.  That's why  I'm giving 2 stars rather than 1.
3	Servers were great. Food was decent. Price, a tad high but considering they have plenty of fresh carved meats and plenty of options including a salad and potato bar it's high but just a little. Quiet, very clean. Overall I enjoyed it.
1	Went 4 the seafood buffet on Friday. Extremely disappointed, should have been called Crab leg Buffet. Being allergic to crab and finding only limited other items, no salmon, some kind of breaded and dry halibut(?). It didn't appeal to me at all. Steamed clams, mussels and  dipping butter were all luke warm at best. Prime rib was the best thing other than the desserts. If crab wasn't one of the wife's faves it would have been a complete disaster. Way over priced. Never again.
3	I am keeping 3 stars for The Buffet.  I have been here on several occasions and really- nothing changes.  While the service and overall quality is good... the buffet offers a boring selection if you go quite a bit... their pasta dishes so far (3 visits in 3 months) has been inedible on all 3 trips, and a lot of times the food from day to day never seems to change.  It is a decent place- just experienced small disappointments but I will still eat here in the future.
3	We took my daughter a couple weeks ago, and while the cashier lady was fantastic, Rosa was our server, she is always working, and got my drink wrong and then I had to wait about 15 minutes for her to correct it.  Not sure why I seem to get an attitude from her when I am super easy at buffets and always tip.  The food at least seems to be getting better than before.
1	We came for the Sunday brunch and we were so happy to get free one upon signing up for a players card because $20 bucks was a rip off.  We arrived shorty after the 9 AM opening and it was clear that some the food was cooked the night before.  The service staff was friendly and attentive.  The cooked to order sirloin was good and the best cup of coffee I have ever had at a buffet.  Unfortunately none of this makes up for the rest of the awful food and poor selection.
5	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Stopped in again today for lunch at this always good Buffet!  This time I was joined by Robyn N., Jackie R. and Mike C.  Everything from my previous Reviews still applies, so this is just a mini-update to say that things remain great with this place...  comfortable atmosphere, friendly service and lots of great Buffet food.  Cost is still the same as a year ago too, at $10.99 with free Gold Total Rewards Membership or $7.99 with Platinum Membership.  These prices represent good value for this high quality Valley Buffet, and you just can't go wrong eating here!     :-))
4	Even though we were really full, there's always room for dessert, right? There was a The Buffet bar directly across from the  Buffet bar. The store was really small, but it was packed!We got the cereal milk soft serve, which was their specialty as well as a couple cookies and the crack pie to go. The highlight was definitely the cereal ice cream with the cereal crunch!
