5	I love Dr. Patel. He has been the best physician I've ever had in USA. I get appointments quickly in case of urgency. He not only listens to the problem but also takes extra precautionary measures (being extra thorough).Some doctors will just give you medicine for whatever symptoms you tell them but Dr. Patel will ensure that you are cured of not only that disease but don't have any other issues either.If you tend to avoid medicines then you'd need to tell him and he can work with you.
5	Dr. Patel and his staff are very nice and take the time to make sure that all of your questions are answered and all of your concerns are addressed!
5	I have been going to Dr. Patel for almost a year and everyone at this doctor office has been so nice and helpful. I feel very comfortable and confident when I visit because I know I'll get the answers that I'm looking for and the treatment I need. Another thing I really enjoy is that they are willing to get me an appointment same day if needed. :)
5	My family and I have been going to see Dr Patel since Dec 2000.  We originally went because my 14 month old daughter had RSV, a respiratory infection.  Because of the contagious nature of this condition Dr Patel wanted us all to be examined so that we would not be passing it back and forth.  He did an in office urine exam and took blood samples which he sent out.  He then asked me if I knew I had blood in my urine.  "Well no, how much is too much?"  Any, was his response.  To make a long story short, he followed up in a month, then ordered a urologist to examine my bladder, then an ultrasound, CAT scan and MRI.  Cysts showed up on my kidneys.  He had a Nephrologist check on these.  The nephrologist then ordered a follow up MRI almost a year after the first one.  This time the cysts showed a solid mass.  "Bill, you have a tumor in your kidney and it is growing fast," said Dr John Croushore, the urologist Dr Patel put on the 'team'.   Dr Patel is a medical Quarterback! Within a week I was in surgery having my right kidney removed.  The pathologists report confirmed I had a  Renal Cell Carcinoma, a nasty cancer.Dr Patel saved my life.  He literally followed up on every one of my appointments, test, etc and left nothing to chance.About 3 years ago he did the same for my oldest daughter who had a kidney infection that no one else seemed to find the time to diagnose correctly.Dr Patel is the kind of physician that TV shows used to be made about.  We need more like him.Gratefully Submitted, Bill Ypsilanti
5	I have to agree with everybody else. He is such a great doctor that we drive over an hour just to see him. He cares about the patient and is willing to go the extra mile for you. I went through VA ratings and Dr. Patel confirmed what they found. (You know how the the VA is. ) My wife, her family, and my kids love him to death too. If you are looking for a great doctor, stop looking and give him a call.
5	I have been going to Dr. Patel since my first child was born over 10 yrs. ago.  Since then, he has taken on the rest of our family including me and my husband.  He always gets you in whenever you need it and his staff is nice.  I like that he himself treats his patients and he doesn't have nurses and PA's doing his work for him.
5	I'm very happy with Dr Patel. He actually listens to and talks to patients! What a concept.
5	THE BEST DOCTOR IN ARIZONA!!!!I'm in shock!  Dr. Patel is the best and I mean the best! Doctor,in Arizona.  He is kind, compasonite, considerate, and never over charges.  In fact he is very generous!  I had migraines for 30 years and he found the cause.  Specialists were not able to help, but this doctor did.  He is honest and very careful about not offending anyone.  He is the first Doctor in years that actually listens.  The only problem is that he is brilliant and can detect problems without difficulty. So, at first its a shock!I also saw his interaction with twins and another young student, He was so kind and good with them.  Even his staff loves him.   I drive a long ways just to go to a doctor that really cares and goes out of his way to help others.  So do my friends.  They can't believe that there are really great Doctors that still care like Dr. Patel?  Thank God for him!!
5	Dr. Patel is a great doctor, and very informative. Best doctor I've ever had, no crazy wait times either. I strongly recommend checking him out if you are looking for a doctor.
5	Dr. Patel is a great Doctor... one of the most thorough that I have ever been too. He's also very convenient and practical with his scheduling, diagnoses, and treatments.
5	Excellent experience with Dr. Patel and his staff.  I was a new patient but was able to get an appointment the same day I called!  The new patient form was one page and didn't require my complete medical history.  I was brought back promptly and had my vitals taken by a very courteous nurse.  The doctor came in immediately thereafter and examined me for my chief complaint.  He took the time to explain my illness and how he was going to treat it.  He also took the time to ask me about my family history of major medical diseases and if I had any other health concerns besides what he saw me for!  Very professional and caring doctor.  I highly recommend Dr. Patel!
5	I've been going to Dr. Patel for over 10 years now and he has always been a great doctor. I can always count on getting in right away and have the confidence Dr. Patel and his staff will take care of me. I recently recommended one of my good friends when she was looking for a new doctor and she loves him too!
5	Best doctor I've ever been to. He has discovered things about my health no one has ever found out about me. He is thorough and actually remembers who you are every time you come in. His office also gets you in same day usually.
5	There are really only a few people in my life that I can say exhibit pure genius. Dr. Patel is one of those people. His memory is impeccable and he is very observant. He takes into consideration factors like where extended family members are from, their occupations, their personalities and lifestyles and how all of that affects a patient. He also really CARES about his patients and about making people better. He is also very direct and if you're not ready to hear him lay it all out there, then he's not the right doctor for you.
5	We love Dr. Patel! We moved here from Missoula, Montana, where my daughter and I both had great docs that we loved. Dr. Patel was the sixth doctor that we tried in the Chandler area. The other five were so bad that we were starting to lose hope. I needed a doc for my teenage daughter who would listen to her and that could put all of the pieces together. Doctor Patel did that exactly. I can't say enough good things about Doctor Patel, and he is funny! We love him!
5	Dr. Patel is amazing like everyone else has said. I got my yearly physical with blood panels done through him and I received my results in less than 24 hours via email! This has never happened to me with lab results, ever lol. He talks to you like he wants you as a patient and he asks about your health history instead of making you fill out the long questionnaire about it. I'm glad I found Dr. Patel though yelp and I will be coming back to him for my primary care. Thanks Dr. Patel!
5	No frills just good science!
1	The worst doctor's experience my boyfriend has ever had. Not by Ish but by the male nurse practitioner. He went in for anxiety medication, something he has been prescribed in the past by his old doctor in Washington...nothing new. The nurse practitioner interrogated him heavily, was rude, disrespectful, and extremely DISCRIMINATORY! He gave my already anxious boyfriend a panic attack because of his actions. I cannot believe they allow him to even speak to patients!! They gave him a prescription for blood pressure and a SSRI Antidepressant medication that he told the doctor he has bad side effects from. In short, the nurse practitioner harassed my boyfriend, didn't listen to his needs and concerns.UPDATE: The nurse practitioner is no longer there.
5	We weren't going to go back after my boyfriend's bad experience with the nurse practitioner but we are new to the area and everyone recommends Dr. Patel so we didn't feel like we had another option. So my reluctant boyfriend sucked it up and went back hoping that the nurse practitioner would not be there. To our relief he wasn't there and we were able to speak one-on-one with the doctor. We were both very pleased with his service and our concerns over my boyfriend's anxiety and blood pressure issues were addressed. We are relieved that we gave him a second chance and happy we found a good local doctor.
5	Wow! Just left Dr Patel's office and boy am I extremely impressed. I am very picky when it comes to doctors means that I am in a medical field myself and I know what is capable of medical personnel . From the moment I walked in I knew I was going to experience something different at Dr Patel was the one behind the desk and give me my new client paperwork. Most the time the doctors are not seen until you've been waiting for them in the exam room. I was not asked to fill out pages of background information,  Dr Patel verbally asked about my about my medical history he was very open to hearing everything I wanted to discuss. Dr Patel left after my examination and when he came back he had years of lab work from my other doctors, which I had not even told him who I had seen, and he took it upon himself to view my medical records and take a thorough look into previous laboratory tests. I ended up hearing something that I should have probably heard from other doctors in years past and left with every prescription I requested feeling good about my appointment and secure in his diagnosis. Only complaint is trimming the trees in front where it says Medical Center hard to find the suite.  Already recommended to a friend.
5	I took my adult daughter to see Dr Patel  for the first time today due to many stomach symptoms she has had for at least 6 months.  We were in the process of moving out of state, so we had to wait to have her seen until after the move.It was so stressful trying to find a good doctor in our new neighborhood!  After reading other Yelpers' opinions of Dr Patel, I was thrilled to find that he was taking new patients!  Dr Patel came in the exam room and within a very few minutes of LOOKING at her, really looking and listening...(amazing!) he suggested several vitamin deficiencies and possible allergies that our previous primary care physicians didn't even mention!!  Blood work was ordered and performed RIGHT there by his staff - we didn't have to go to a lab or anything!  He then came back in, explained his thoughts and said we would get the blood panel results directly via email!!So, her problems are not solved....YET...but after seeing Dr Patel, I am confident that she will be better soon!We have found our new family doctor!! Yay!  Thanks YELP! :)
5	I never give 5 stars but doctor Ish Patel is nothing short of spectacular.  In 4 months he undid 6 years of issues. I can't believe it!!! I hope to stay with him till things stay this way :)The service was very professional. It does take some wait time on certain days but I think that would be any doctor. Dr. Patel seems very knowledgeable.  U Wish I Did Not Have To move.
5	I had a swollen tonsil issue for 2 years (I actually wanted to remove it) and he fixed it in 2 weeks with 10 mg pills. He advised me to take blood tests and prescribed some vitamin pills. I am going to visit him again after 6 months. Best family practitioner in Arizona, hands down..
1	Unfortunately, I have not had much of a great experience with this doctor. I came in to get my labs completed as a requirement for graduate school. At the appointment, I brought in the paper that listed the labs to be completed. When the results came back a few labs that were required on the documentation were missing. I understand that these things do happen, so I returned to the office to see about doing another test to obtain these values. When I met with the doctor he asked me why I did not mention this before and to not assume that these labs should be completed, even though the documentation provided initially asked for these values. I was dismissed with him telling me "I was wasting his time" as he wrote an order for me to complete the labs elsewhere. I do understand that these mistakes do happen, but did not expect the doctor to tell me I was wasting his time as I did not come to blame him for his mistakes, but was met with defensiveness anyway. Other times he has been kind and has was helpful with answers, so I was not expecting this on my return visit.
5	Again, extremely satisfied with Dr. Patel! My boyfriend and I have both been going. I am excited to be able to be comfortable with a doctor for the very first time! He helps you understand the medications and why he recommends them and how they will help. He is a sincere doctor and I would recommend him to anyone and everyone!
4	Seriously.... I like coming here for my regular checkups... Haven't had an issue so far but will update as time goes long. So far I have been vising since Feb for regular monthly checkups. (I just like to make sure I am in good health)I was having issues with depression, ADHD, took him 3 months to iron it out. Now I am doing Great. Thanks Doc
5	i have seen dr. patel for over 10 years. my children and family love him. he is very caring and a really good doctor. if your tired of your old doctor this is the person to see.  .
