4	Terriyaki shrimp with veggies on brown rice.  sauce served on the side.  The girl at the counter was so nice, helpful and patient with our questions (1st time visitors).  The food was delicious, simple healthy...what more can I say?
5	Friendly staff and always consistent chicken bowls. A great part about this store is they give you bottles of spicy and regular teriyaki sauce to add to your bowls. Some stores charge 25 cents for an extra little container of sauce. This one also has a TV which I like to watch while inhaling the brown rice no veggie white chicken bowls. :) Yum! Keep up the great work Sammy Sam.
5	Love the food. Healthy! I hope they hang in there as it never seems busy.
5	This is great tasty food.  It's not fast food but it is quick food. If they had beer and tv's it would be the best place in Cave Creek   Yummy
5	Amazing place. I have only been here once and only went inside to pick up my food but the service is great and the staff is quite nice. Did not have to wait long for my food and I like that I can pick out how many soy sauce packets I can get instead of them giving them to me from behind the counter. I have only had the chicken teryaki with vegetables and it is amazing every time. The chicken portion could be bigger but it is worth it.
4	Healthy when you skip the rice (carbs). Feel bad they are not busier.
1	We came here Sunday afternoon at 1:30. The place was closed!! It clearly states on the door they are open 11to7 on Sundays. Happened several other times too. Seems like they open when they feel like it. Terrible service. Every time we go in there they always mess up our order. I always have to check it on the way out. The cashier asked me if I had a dime so he didn't have to give me coins back. He said he doesn't like dealing with coins. It smelled like sewage the last time we were in there. We turned around and walked out. It's a shame because we really like the food and it's close to home.
1	Rice is always HARD!We've been coming here for 3 years now and was always great until the last 8 months.I've tried three different times giving them the benefit of the doubt but the rice has been under cooked all three times.Such a shame as it used to be one of my favorite places to eat. But not worth the money for hard rice....
