4	I do love a good sandwich bar.  There are loads springing up, along the lines of what is provided by Subway and Baguette Express.  Wolfits, on Rose Street, is one of these.  They offer a wide range of sandwiches, paninis and wraps, all made fresh on the day.  They can also make these to order.  They also do other hot food, like breakfasts and bacon rolls, so will cater for most of your snack-based needs.  Prices seemed to be reasonable, and the range of fillings and things available will easily compete with some of the larger high street chains.  I suspect that this is the sort of place that will get heard about by word of mouth, and that you will want to keep visiting.I only sat in to get out of a heavy rainstorm with a refreshing drink of, funnily enough, water.  This gave me ample time to have a look round  the shop, and take in what was going on.    I was very impressed - clean and modern with a great range of stuff to eat.  Give them a go if you're ever on Rose Street and need somewhere to eat.
4	Wolfits is competing with many sandwich bars in this area, but it does a bloody good job!Selling sandwiches and panini's etc, Wolfits manage to cater for an amazing variety of tastes by offering fillings from brie to salami! You can opt to keep it plain and no frills or you can deck your sandwich out in loads of healthy and continental fillings. They do salads with a number of garnishes too if you are looking to get some of your five a day.If you really don't fancy being healthy, they also have a huge selection of temptingly cheap breakfast rolls. If you're going to go down the fry up road, you might as well get a double up. Go on, treat yourself!Teas, coffee's and hot chocolates are all cheap and tasty. The staff are efficient and although this place is busy, indicating that it's good, you're not left hanging around unassisted for too long. More upmarket and contemporary than a lot of sandwich bars, Wolfits nevertheless offer hearty, simple rolls. A safe bet for any hungry citizen of Edinburgh!
2	I used to make this my regular lunch stop when it first opened!The soups are not what they could be, the fillings all rather dull! Just not very bexciting or special if i compare to the like of Bread&Olive.Needs a good kick up the backside in my opinion!
5	Having worked in various locations around central Edinburgh over the years, I like to try out the local Sandwich shops that cater to my lunchtime needs, and out of them all, Wolfits gets my top spot.Now, this isnt fancy dining, this is soups, sandwiches, salads, paninis, baked tatties etc, so it's simple food, but I constantly have my mind blown at how easily people cock this type of thing up.  There is a lot of competition in the area, from similar independent shops to chains such as Pret, Baguette Express and Boots.Where Wolfits excels is the quality and variety of the ingredients, the professionalism of the staff (hygienic, friendly, efficient), the presentation of the results, the size of the portions and the price which all in all offers great value for money.They have a variety of soups, all thick, fresh and tasty which is a welcome change from the watered down nonsense that is all too common.  They have a variety of sandwiches and salad pre made, but they will custom make anything you want, and have a range of rolls/baguettes too. For both the salads and sandwiched there is about as big a selection of salad and deli items that you could want (all laid out for you to easily see) along with a good range of dressings too. There's nothing mind-blowing about what these guys do, they provide the same breakfast and lunchtime staples that a thousand other bushinesses in Edinburgh offer, the difference is the variety and quality means these guys do it better than just about anyone else.
3	I spent my honeymoon in Edinburgh in September. We stayed at the Caledonian, so we found ourselves strolling down Rose St. every day. After two days of passing, we decided Wolfits looked like an easy bite to eat one morning. It was difficult to tell what we could actually put on our sandwiches--where were the labels? Our sandwiches were good, although my silly husband thought it would be a good idea to drink coffee and put jalapenos (chilis in Edinburgh terms) on his sandwich before starting out our day of exploring on a unseasonably warm day. "Sweat, baby, sweat"I got my dose of UK gossip as I flipped through a trashy newspaper and watched music videos on the TV. This is a nice little stop if you need a sandwich, soup, salad or coffee.Alas, there isn't wi-fi.
4	bacon and egg rolls.brown sauce.yum.(as you can probably tell, i've yet to try a sandwich from here... )
