2	I can't believe I haven't yet reviewed this place!  It's the most convenient Chinese to my house and we'll stop every couple of months.Food is acceptable but there's nothing memorable to rate it as great.  Our household usually gets a chicken dish, a beef dish and a seafood dish.  Everything we've ordered has been pleasantly good.  Dad raves about the hot and sour soup.Service is ok.  There is no separate area in which to wait for a take out order, you have to wait in a dining room booth near the front door.  Tonight, that was a pretty chilly spot to sit!Pricing seems high so this brings down the value ratio (OK food, high prices = lower value).  Portion sizes are good so at least we get a couple of meals out of each order.If I have a choice, I go up Park Road to Shanghai.  But if I want convenience, it's Amazing Wok.
4	I've been to Amazing Wok for lunch a few times now, and everytime that I have been the food has been great.  The lunch prices are $5 and includes rice with an egg or spring roll.  I usually get the regular Sweet & Sour Chicken.  The portions that they give you are pretty generous and the food always seem fresh.
3	My mother and I have gone here regularly for years.  The service is nice, take out is convenient and the food has never disappointed us. This is a solid Chinese restaurant with comfortable, cozy seating in a small single room if you want to dine in too.
5	My family and I love Amazing Wok. It is fast, taste great, and reasonably priced.
3	My family and I have been here many times since it's been open.  We used to live right across the street.  We have dined in and taken out.  Their prices are a bit high and generally the food is ok.  We have had a few instances where we ordered a dish one time and it was fixed a certain way and the next time it was different.  For the most part the service is decent, there is one lady there who very unhospitable, and argumentative when something is wrong.  The owner who seems to be there a lot is very nice.  I never understood why their prices for tofu substitutions for normal meat type dishes are priced higher than the meat dishes.In Summation, the food is what you'd expect for chinese take out.  The value is decent.  I like Wan Fu, but it's a bit of a drive where we are now.
4	Good Chinese food is hard to find. We were pleasantly surprised when we ate here for lunch one day. Will definitely go back.
1	Really not that amazing. Only dying here once so possibly they were off.  I've had better cafeteria Chinese food.
3	Ate here with my family for Christmas dinner, the wait was immense and the crowd was huge.  The prices were kind of high, but it was the only place open.. so we stuck around.My daughter ordered the House Special (shrimp, pork, chicken) lo mein, which she really liked.  My partner ordered some kind of beef and onion pancake thing which looked like beef fajitas and tortillas- she really liked it. I ordered tofu and mixed vegetables, which was okay.I would return for lunch specials, especially since it's close to my job.
