4	I keep hearing people rave about their nights at The Bongo Club, and I can see why. I didn't know it existed until a few months ago, I think it may be a well kept secret between trendy music lovers in Edinburgh.We went here after I refused to go to Cab Vol one night due to my hatred so a friend suggested here. I'm glad she knew where we were going because there is no way I could ever find it again, I know it is towards Parliament though so that is a start. The club nights on offer here include Jungle, dub step, drum and base, reggae and dance music. It is a real alternative to the indie and mainstream clubs that Edinburgh has so many of. I never thought that I would enjoy a night of reggae music, but it was really quite fun. We pretty much danced and bounced around having a great time, enjoying cheapish drinks and a good atmosphere. This club has a real sort of cool, scenester vibe to it while still being quite relaxed and laid back. This club is a bit different to everywhere else and offers something a bit more exciting. It is pretty popular and I can only see its popularity growing. It isn't too expensive and probably a great option for those random nights out where you don't make too much effort but it ends up being beyond awesome.
3	I was here last night, for the gig of the lovely Joshua Radin. I have been here before on one of the club's nights. I'll start with the positive stuff:- it's a bit out of the tourist area, and offers a variety of alternative nights to Edinburgh's clubbing scene. This includes the famous (and crowded) Four Corners, held once a month (roughly) with funk, reggae, nu-Latin and afro beats(YEAH!) , as well as other cool and fun nights. (check their website for more details)- the stage for gigs is big enough and there's a little balcony thingy on one corner you can go on and watch (or write on the chalk board they have there)-There's a cafe upstairs during the day.- the bar staff are hilarious. Good chat!(if not too crowded of course!)The negatives:- Throughout the gig last night there seemed to be constant sound issues. The musicians had to keep requesting stuff from the sound person, and we had to wait half an hour outside before the gig because of "technical issues". The drummer had to be put behind a glass thing , I guess because of the noise, but this did not improve the quality. - it got SO warm! it was boiling and we weren't even dancing much! Air please!- the decoration is in damn need of a revamp- the place felt a bit shabby and out of date. What's with the glowing orange horns?- the bar is small and gets a bit crazy on busy nights.-The cloak room is minute. And on the other corner of the room from where you enter/exit. So a bit of a struggle if you have to make your way through the crowd to get to it, then again when you want to leave. So all in all,  I love love love the nights here but the place could do with a re-do!
4	Taking a look at Bongo's Headspin residence I was eager to see if the four deck mix of hip-hop, funk, house et al was just another slight deviation from the mainstream or indeed something interesting and unique.  Hearing some samples from the Beastie Boys, George Benson and even a bit of James Brown I was glad of an Edinburgh club night with a difference. Occasionally the guys behind the Headspin residence are accompanied by some music percussion or even live sax , which is welcome change from the regurgitated samples you hear in most clubs.The venue itself if OK.  Nothing more, nothing less.  Reminiscent of an old school hall and with a dismally small bar The Bongo club needs good music to stay afloat. Thankfully it has this in abundance.
3	This is a club for 'edgy' people, as my flatmate would say. It's the sort of place you go to in jeans and a top and yesterdays make-up and fit in nicely!!i live at the bottom of Holyrood Road, so I can hear the 'oonce oonce oonce' till the wee hours, but it's not so bad. Also the only cash machine in the area is right outside my flat, so that's a bit of a nuisance! The club is quite big, it's very dark so you don't notice the mess!!During the day, however, it's a really nice little internet cafe serving really yummy paninis and lunch stuff! I was really surprised to learn it was a cafe too! Really is a good find, and a great place to use the internet (which is free if you have lunch!)
4	Firstly, the actual venue is nothing out of the ordinary. Its just a series of rooms, some large and some small with a few bars and other features. Its a bit of a mess if I'm honest, if you look beyond the flashy lights etc, but that is pretty much my only down point to this club.Mostly, this place is different - its a massive departure from the other clubs and venues around the city, and generally has a much more chilled and relaxed atmosphere. I always seem to feel that people come here to have a laugh and a dance, rather than certain places which feel like their soul purpose is for posing in and getting hammered. Oh well.It's pretty cool to have somehwere with such an ecllectic mix of must too - I was nicely suprised the first time I came here to realsie it wasnt all the drum 'n' bass stuff I had imagined.It also seens this place does a few random gigs and is even a cafe during the day, so its trying hard to be a good all round place.
4	Bongo is a cool wee club, residing slightly further away from the frenetic hubbub going down in the Grassmarket and Cowgate areas. I've seen quite a few gigs in here, and been to a few very random nights, one of which involved me randomly deciding to party it up on a Monday night, kind of an unusual choice for me, and brandishing a glow stick while careering round the dance floor to different rave/dance tunes. There's quite an eclectic, randomness about Bongo, which I'm keen for.The dance floor and gig space isn't huge, but it gives the place a really friendly feel and Bongo is one of these places where you just seem to chill out a bit as soon as you arrive, and I quite often find myself bantering with a load of random people before not very long, something that I think is more difficult in other, frostier clubs and bars. I saw a brilliant gig here and squeezed my wee self to the front for a good view, but if you're of normal height and not a munchkin like me, you'd get a good view wherever, and that's what's good about seeing gigs here. The club hosts a range of alternative nights too, and is also used as a venue for performance art including theatre and dance classes.
3	Bongo has a great reputation amongst us students as being quite alternative, compared to the more stereotypical clubs one may find on George Street.It's one of the places I plan to visit much more over the coming years, as their nights just sound so... COOL! For a lack of better words. They frequently host reggae nights, a bit of a rarity in Edinburgh, and even held a tribute to Bob Marley evening I was gutted to miss!Situated quite close to Pleasance, I must say the actual interior wasn't that impressive. I was there was a fundraiser, so it wasn't a typical Bongo night. Nevertheless, I had a great time and the band that performed was really impressive!
5	Your typical Bongo Club regular will likely have a few of the following characteristics. It will be a he, who'll always be dressed in skateboarding shoes and a hoody. Likely in an unsatisfying job, or not doing well at uni, he'll have aspirations to do something creative that will never come to frutition.He'll also be off his face on drug, surprisingly unpretentious, and with better chat than your usual fake-tanned, tight t-shirted clubbing male.Banging Drum n Bass and Techno are the order of the day at the Bongo, in an atmosphere refreshingly devoid of airs or graces. Young stallions out on the hunt may want to look elsewhere mind you, it's a bit of a sausage fest to say the least.
3	Bongo isn't the kind of place you go to week in week out, it's more of a one-off sort of place when there's a particular gig on or one of their charity nights.The music there is much more alternative than a lot of other clubs; it's about as different as the mainstream chart and dance that you'd hear in any given George Street club as you can get. If it's dub step, reggae, electro etc you're after, then this is where you should head.The big down-side of it is that it's a bit of a dump. In exchange for more varied music and cheap prices, you get drinks in plastic cups, horrible toilets and sticky floors.
4	A club in a similar vein to Cab Vol, Bongo is awesome, but has a tendency to attract a load of arseholes. The music is a bit of Drum n Bass, Dubstep, Electro and other similar genres. This is really good fun to have a bit of a shimmy to, but also is the type of music that attracts pretentious twats. You know the kind, with the nike high tops, some form of coloured skinny jeans and a slogan t-shirt, probably with a retro 80s 'ironically' disgusting sports jacket. Yeh those idiots. If you can look past these though, you'll have an awesome time. The atmosphere is generally really good fun and the music is pretty sweet. Especially 4 corners, on once a month, which is a bit more chilled out and some of the best jazz, funk, soul and ethnic music around. The drinks aren't too cheap, but most people are normally too monged on drugs to notice. One of Edinburgh's best alternate clubs and is awesome either for one of their normal nights, or for the gigs that come round now and then.
4	Well, I can't say I've been to a lot of hte club nights at the Bongo club, but i've been to a fair few gigs, and I like it in there. The bar is pretty reasonable for a club, the accoustics aren't too bad, and something about the place just makes me like it, I always seem to have a good time there with my friends. Even that one time at headsphin when I was drunk and thought I could fake spinning on my head and just made myself feel sick and dizzy. top night.
3	I never made it to the old Bongo Club, yet I still felt that shared anger when it was being threatened to be shut down. And so when they moved ship to the Cowgate, and took over the space that is normally Udderbelly during the Festival (which I had visited for Fringe shows and really liked) I was very happy!I came here last night for the Creative Scotland awards. I do love the fact it's off the seedy Cowgate street, under the big, dripping, wet bridge, and then down a dodgy looked wide-alley. It's pretty cool.And it has that weird industrial feel where the entrance, reception and coat check still almost feels like it's outside. But then... the space that I so admired and loved during the Fringe has turned into any other club, that smells like a high school gym-slash-feet (or are they both the same thing?) Sweat feet I might add.During the Fringe festival, this venue had an outdoor area that had coloured lanterns strewn above your heads, a portable hot dog stand, a bar, and heaters. It was magical! Inside had two bar areas, and then a back area for dancing. And there were of course shows on the top floor.As a venue for an awards ceremony, it didnt really work. A long room, with a stage at the front of the narrow end, so that only 10% of the audience could see the stage. Not so great. It was also too dark, and too loud. So when the band came on, everyone cleared out into the bar area so they could continue chatting.The bar area itself is also long but very narrow. Lots more jostling.I'll come back to the Bongo Club probably for an I Heart Hip Hop night, or something similar. But the rosey-tinted version in my head from the Fringe last year has been slightly stained with smelly gym socks and speakers that were way too loud.... It's totally ok as a club venue,  here's hoping it'll improve as time goes on!
