5	Love this place.  Clean, nice people and great prices!  The owners and the staff are super nice and very pleasant.
5	I have gone to the salon for 2 years.  Everyone is excellent. Tina is fantastic.  Kathy, Joe and Diamond  are efficient and friendly. The salon is very clean.  I love going here for a relaxing pedicure.
4	I just got back from a deluxe pedicure from Cindy at True Nails, my first time there.  My feet look like they have actually had a pedicure, with attention to my calluses and my heels, as opposed to the last 2 places I have visited, and for the same, or less, money.  The salon is very clean, pleasant, and the personnel are friendly.   I will definitely be back here for a great pedi.
5	I was greeted right away by a very friendly staff.  Even those I was late I got started right away. I appreciated the little extra time Tina and Hyeu took to make sure my nails were meticulous! They run a clean shop and do an excellent job! Thank you Kathy for the humorous chit chat on the side.  I am coming back for certain
5	I heard horror stories of bad pedicures and manicures, dirty environments, and contracting fungal infections in many salons. HOWEVER, my experiences at this place do not come close to any of those stories. I had my pedicures done by Tina and Hyeu and they were amazing! They're very nice and engaging to talk to. The environment and their tools are always clean. And their skills are very impressive!
5	This salon is clean and the technicians are very nice.  My technician was gentle and skilled with both the gel manicure and the basic pedicure.  I had just come from Tina's Nails, where I had walked out after the pedicure technician had manhandled my feet, at one point clipping the skin near my toe, making it bleed, and then pouring alcohol or something on it that stung like crazy.  None of this was an issue at True Nails, and she even put something on my toe to make it feel better.  Mani/pedi looks new even after a week of use - including a hike in Sedona.  Definitely will be back!
1	I went here based on the reviews.  Wish I had not gone.  Yes they are friendly and the palace is clean.  But I left disappointed with the full set nail I had done.  I told them it was an ok  job.  Out of ten nail NOT s signal one matches.  Different lengths,  shapes,  the color on the tips are uneven (one side is longer then the other, ie.).  Was asked if everything was good, I told them not really.  Did not offer to fix the problem.  Will keep looking for a nail saloon.  Not worth the $40 I paid.
5	I walked in and they sat me at a pedicure chair right away.  The place was very clean and spacious.  The staff was very friendly.  The cost was reasonable for the service provided.I would recommend this place.
