3	eh it's chili's..
3	Bartender service is friendly.  All day drinks happy hour prices is nice.  Free chips and salsa during afternoon happy hour is good.  Other than that, it's like any Chili's.  Don't mind spending my free gift cards here.
1	had dinner there 12-13 it was terrible,chicken wings were barely cooked& took foreever and the place was not crowded.I dont know whats going on but they are an f on my list will never go ther again!!!
3	I think this is the second time I've ever been to a Chili's...actually I'm not even sure if it's the second....it could be the first time I've been to a Chili - I think the other time it was Apple Bee's or something like that...anyways yeah well yesterday night my bf and his friend and I finally went to this place called JumpStreet - to jump our fat away  - but after that we got really hungry and it was around 9ish and after in Arizona closes pretty early but luckily Chili's closes at 10 so we were able to get a table and eat a fatty meal.They had a $20 dollar for 2 meal deal - in which for two people you pick a appetizer and 2 entree from their list - super good deal! We decided for the Tostada Chips and Fire-Grilled Corn Guacamole for the appetizer - it's good, however I didn't like the chips because it was very thin and was a bit oily - the guacamole was good and had a hint of spiciness to it. For the entree I had the Quesdilla Explosion Salad - interesting name and very tasty too except that I forgot to tell them to put the dressing on the side cause they put a little more dressing than I would like. The salad consisted of grilled chicken, cheese, tomato, corn-relish, cilantro, and tortilla strips tossed with a citrus-balsamic dressing and on the side four triangular cheese quesdilla! mMmm super delish! My bf ordered the margarita grilled chicken served with rice and black beans, tortilla strips and pico de gallo - doesn't look really good but it tastes okay.Despite being a chain restaurant, the food is not bad and the prices are definitely a bit cheaper than other big chain American family restaurants.
5	Great dinner lots of choices... I love their chips and salsa we always get a big side of ranch to dip the chips into (if you haven't tried it, do... very awesome)... I love this one the customer service is always great and we never wait to be seated very long if at all....
4	I don't usually write about a chain restaurant but the service was excellent. Drinks were always filled, dirty dishes were always cleared and staff was consistently friendly. Above and beyond friendly actually... AND it was a Saturday night! If I ever want Chili's I'll opt to drive out of the way. The thing that would make it 5 stars? A little bit of a juicer steak!
2	We came here after a long day of shopping and freezing!!!  All 4 of us felt like soup and apps.  We were greeted right away and seated right away.  Cool!  The server came to welcome us and took our drink orders.  She seemed to be in a rush and a little short with us, okay!  She came back with our drinks and took our food order.  She seemed irritated that we were only ordering soups and an app.  Chicken Enchilada Soup - It was good, but again a tad salty for me.  Triple Dipper:  Wings Over Buffalo - Good and spicy                           Fried Cheese - Good and gooey                           Original Chicken Crispers - Good and cripsyThe server's attitude bring down the mood.
2	We had a big lunch and just wanted some appetizers.  I think the menu got a little longer since last time I went to Chili's.  It was a cold night so everyone ordered the Chicken Enchilada Soup.  This soup way too salty for my taste.  Apps were the typical bar food.  The service was really lacking that night.  There are so many nicer restaurants around this area.  I usually enjoy Chili's restaurant, but this one was at the bottom of my list.
4	You can rarely go wrong here.Love the chips & salsa!Have become a big fan of Boneless Buffalo Chicken Salad!
1	Awful service, slow! Took 10 minutes for anyone to come to our table for a drink order.Servers standing around doing nothing. Burnt food, manager did comp my sandwich. But I will never come back.
5	We were at this Chili's about six months ago and our server was aloof and essentially ignored us. When he saw that I indicated zero for a tip on the check he gave me a nasty look. Since no manager was in visual range I elected to voice my concerns online. Today we went back and the food and service was outstanding.
2	I've been to this locations tons of times before and never had a problem, always had good service and food had been perfect. Tonight unfortunately wasn't the case as my boyfriend and I decided it was a good idea to go in and have a appetizer night (Our usual onion sting and triple dipper to share) at around 8:30. We were seated quickly and was approached by a waiter within the first 5 minutes of sitting down. We decided on our drinks and I was given a regular lemonade instead of the usual strawberry lemonade my boyfriend had ordered for me. The waiter was soon back to change that when we pointed out the small mistake. We ordered our food (triple dipper with  regular big mouth bites, potato skins and honey chipotle crispers and our onion strings). Didn't see our waiter for a good 10 minutes after that until he bought my boyfriend another drink in which he soon hurried back away from our table and on to the bar area. Another what seemed like 15 minutes passed and our food finally arrived, put on the table and the waiter was gone once again. Unfortunately we received the new guacamole big mouth bites (We don't eat guacamole), potato skins were warm in the middle but beginning to go cold on the outside but the crispers were  hot enough to actually have to blow on before eating. The onion strings were kind of cold and the batter was flaking off the onions (I've never had this happen before?). We waited a good 5 minutes for our waiter to come back and check on us to see if everything was ok but he never arrived. After 10 minutes we decided to start eating what we had as we were very hungry to begin with. We didn't see our waiter again until he came over to clean up our plates and give us the check. I'm not one to normally complain but we didn't really have a chance to complain to start with tonight. The waiter was very bland and didn't really want to deal with us to begin with, never took the time to listen to our complete order or check in on us. We had cold-ish food and just wanted to leave once the check came to the table. I will probably have to keep close to home from now on and eat at the surprise location, I know what kind of service I will be receiving from there.
2	Big chilis fan but was surprised by the lack of service from the staff. Seemed like every request was an inconvenience by multiple servers. Not the type of environment and service that I've come to rely in from a great restaurant chain. Hopefully it's better next time.
3	It's not often I'm off on a Friday afternoon to enjoy Chili's lunch menu. This was our first time at this location, normally we dine at the location on Bell and 7th Street. I started off with a bowl of their Southwestern Chicken Soup and it was awesome. Just the right amount of spiciness combined with a hearty portion of chicken and vegetables. My bf started out with a side salad, it a little on the small side but all the vegetables were fresh. I ordered a chicken sandwich on a pretzel bun and requested BBQ sauce on the side instead of mayo, the BBQ sauce didn't come so I asked again when they brought the dish. Wouldn't ya know I finished my whole sandwich and fries and never got the sauce (our server didn't check on us after bringing the food until it was time to clear the plates). The sandwich was tasty but a little on the dry side. The fries were piping hot and always well seasoned. James ordered a turkey sandwich which also came with fries. His bread was much harder than it should have been for just a toasted sandwich which was a disappointment. He also never received a refill on his soda. If we had gotten the BBQ sauce, the refill of coke and his bread not rock hard, I would have given 4 stars for a wonderful lunch. But, since the ball was dropped on too many occasions, I can't. I will be back to Chili's, just not this location.
2	Love chilis,I think it's better than applebees. But this was the first time I've been to this location I see the food they have improved on and I love the new menu items but.... I was not pleased at all with service maybe our waiter was tired or overwhelmed,but I don't see anything to be overwhelmed about.. he only had us (my fam,just my boyfriend and daughter) and another couple that was sitting behind us. He was only serving two parties... Later one more people came and that's when it got even worse. We waited 15mins to get our drinks refilled and I noticed that he was paying more attention to the other people dining in the area than he was with us maybe he was racial profiling? As we are Asian and everyone else is white. But oh well, just serve your diners right! It took us another 20mins to finally get our check then my bf decided to just let us wait in the car... For another 20mins which felt like forever I thought my bf was in the bathroom lol. But goes to find out that he waited a long period of time just for a check and to go boxes because it wasn't worth waiting to eat the rest of our food when we weren't getting the right amount of attention our waiter shouldve been giving us.. he didn't even apologize or say anything...  Just do your job right even when you're tired or just whatever is wrong with you and you wouldn't have been given a 50CENT tip. (Better than nothing)
5	Food was great. They've got a great menu to choose from....Also the service was excellent. I've been here many times and it's consistently been a great place to dine.
2	I was very disappointed in the atmospher of this Chili's location. My server was very monotone and really didnt even seem to care untill it came to the end when we needed checks. I told the hosts that we were there with some friends for a Birthday, she told us that she would let our server know. About 15 min afyer we staryed eating, I went to remind him. He told me, "We can give her ice cream, but they could not sing becaise they got comolaint." WTF is that about. The Chili's on litchfield sing to there birthday guests all the time. He said they would bring ice cream, but that never happened either. I guess that another resturant on Bell I will not be going to.
1	Went for girlfriends birthday.  We got seated fairly quickly for a Friday night about 7pm.  The problem started right away after that.  Waited, waited, waited, ten minutes and finally had a waitress come by and say she would be right with us.  Waited, waited, watched same waitress now having conversation with another waiter then start clearing an empty table, taking the dirty dishes to the kitchen.  DONE!  We left!
1	we quit going to chilis about a year ago because the food was so-so..we thought we would give it another try.well,nothing has changed. We started with guacamole dip as an appetizer, it was quite tasty however the chips and salsa were so salty you could not eat them..i had the Cajun chicken pasta,yuk! the pasta was so over cooked it was like "pasta pudding"..my wife ordered the 6oz sirloin..after 3 tries they never did get it cooked med-rare..our server was very good and tried very hard, only so much he can do. Needless to say we wont go back again..
4	The service and food are pretty good. If you've been to another chili's and enjoyed it you wont be disappointed.  If you've never been to chili's before, where have you been living under a rock? Anyway its good food at a moderate price. Pretty casual date location. Nothing fancy but they have a decent bar.
4	Sometimes, you just need to have a lazy Saturday with some food-to-go.  Chili's delivered (well, not literally, but their food got the job done)!  We ordered take out around noon, with an appetizer of potato skins and each had the honey chipolte chicken crispers meal.  It comes with french fries and corn on the cob.  Corn on the cob to go that is hot and all things good, is hard to find in my book.  We've been here plenty of times to eat in, but thumbs up on the take out!
1	not good
1	We have all had bad service before but this one tops all of our experiences combined. We will never recommend that anyone dine here, ever. We are all so shocked at the rude, snotty, dumb, slow, incompetent and careless service we received for my husbands birthday dinner.
