5	I can't believe I had to add this business! I love this place it is so fun, and reminds me of when I was little and pb&j was 75% of what I ate!PB Loco is a fun little cafe dedicated completely to peanut butter! My favorite thing about PB loco is their different flavors like white chocolate raspberry peanut butter. I don't even really like peanut butter, but that flavor made me change my mind. PB loco offers peanut butter in any way you like to eat it. I had a light snack of celery with the white chocolate raspberry peanut butter, while my friend had a peanut butter and jelly sandwich with marshmallow fluff and bananas and a peanut butter shake. This is an awesome place to bring kids or bring out the inner child in you. If you are ever walking by, even if you are not hungry, stop by and take a sample of their many flavored peanut butters. If you really like one you can even take home a jar!Crazy Peanut Butters:Dark Chocolate DuoSumatra Cinnamon RaisinJungle Bananaand many more
4	Despite my initial hesitation at trying one of their sandwiches (they have one that is made withSun-Dried Tomato peanut butter, bacon bits, lettuce AND cream cheese) I caved and checked it out.  It's a cute little place.  They give you animal crackers with every sandwich and the first drink they list on the menu is milk.  Awww.  It just fits right in with all the little kid stores in that area of the mall.  Makes me almost forget the image of peanut butter and bacon bits.I did find a sandwich that I could get behind though, the LATTE DA.  It's made with European Caf Mocha peanut butter, pretzels twists and marshmallow spread.  Delicious.  My sister says that it shouldn't count as a meal, that it's more of a dessert, what with the marshmallow and all.  Whatever.  I'm an adult and I'm eating marshmallows and peanut butter for lunch if I want to.  So there.
4	Peanut Butter and Jelly is such a comfort food for me - I grew up on these things. Though I gotta say P.B. Loco's are likely a little better than what Jif and white bread used to make.I found this place by accident just wandering around Fashion Square mall, and what a find! They have several breads, peanut butters, and jellys to choose from, and a dozen wacky creations of their own. For example a BLT-PB - Wow! However they should add mac-n-cheese to the menu.http://www.pbloco.com
4	OK. First...I frickin love peanut butter. Not just because its a tasty treat. Not because the taste stays with you for at least 15 minutes as you lick it off the roof of your mouth. No, I don't even love it because of its special places in American history (George Washington Carver, Jimmy Carter, anyone?)I love the old PB for one simple reason: It was damned-near my only source of protein for 18 months of my life. Peace Corps taught me that sometimes meat is hard to get, the chickens aren't always laying, and beans aren't always in season. So what was a man to do? Well, after I was tired of chicken feet and beef tripe, I rediscovered peanut butter. It's calorie rich. It travels pretty well. And praise the lord, you don't have to refrigerate it!!!Pretty soon, I was throwing PB in my rice, and I'll be damned if it wasn't the best ghetto Thai food I've ever tasted. And when I moved to a bigger town, and bought a second-hand fridge, I kept up my peanut butter habit. That habit has stayed with me to this day. While I don't eat rice quite so often anymore, I still like a big glob of PB in my oatmeal.That being said, PB Loco was to me like an Italian cobbler's shop to a Scottsdale fashionista: so many opportunities for exquisiteness. My GF and I did the sampler and I indulged in three fantastic ways to dress up the old crema de mani. The sandwiches looked so-so, but the sampler was a pretty good way to experience the new wonderfulness. And I even walked away with two jars.Oh, and the staff was courteous if disinterested. The design was OK; seems more aimed at kiddo's than adults. I'm going to go back for the savory flavors; I think there is some great cooking possibilities in the curry and sun-dried tomato varieties.
3	after reading the other reviews on yelp, my friend and i made it a point to go out here while we were in town.  i really wasn't that impressed.  it's a little shop in a big mall, on the top level.  kind of out of the way.i got to try the raspberry white chocolate peanut butter.  eh.  only had one tiny taste, as they pretty much handed it to me when we went in there.white chocolate peanut butter, tasted mostly like a sweeter peanut butter.  couldn't taste any form of chocolate.the mocha peanut butter was not good at all.  there was too much of a fake coffee taste that over powered the whole thing.the caramel crunch was great with apples.  got too sweet after a while, the chunks were too many in the volume of peanut butter.we got the sampler.  which is why we had three peanut butters.  they have a plate of celery (which was really fresh and clean), carrots (which we asked to omit), pretzels, and green apples (so tasty).  their sandwiches looked interesting, but i am just a plain old peanut butter on white bread kind of girl.it was a nice little break, and it is a great concept of a snack shop.  i am just fickle about my peanut butter i guess.
3	First off let me just say a restaurant which only serves pb&j sandwiches is a concept doomed to failure from the start. I think their target audience is pregnant women and kids. I had the chunky peanut butter with raspberry jam and chocolate chips toasted. It was a good sandwich, but good pb&j sandwiches do not justify spending 8 bucks. I could have taken that 8 bucks, bought some bread, pb, and j, and made my own damn sandwich, just how I like it. I would have tried the PB&J BLT but I'm neither pregnant (im a guy) or adventurous enough (its weird.) The sandwich itself was awesome, like I said.... but I'll finish with saying EIGHT FRIGGIN dollars.
5	Crap, how could this place NOT get 5 stars. The fact that it is a PB & J restaurant is enough for 4 stars. PB Loco is original and delish. To be honest I stay away from the weird crap like the curry PB and sun dried tomato crap. You get to choose your bread and combo of different peanut butters, I like the white chocolate peanut butter, raspberry jam and marshmallow cream. They are grilled on a panini maker and are served with animal crackers. This place is a genius concept and everyone should try.
5	This place rocks!!! I had super fun trying all the different kinds of peanut butter and I finally came to decision to order the YUMMER NUMMER!!! I loved it so much I brought home a jar of Raspberry White Chocolate. I think I made myself a YUMMER NUMMER everyday the week I got back from Arizona. If you cannot make a trip to Arizona, you should definitely order from their website. I know I will.
5	I died and went to heaven the first day I ate there!  Please, be adventurous and try something different!  This place should be in every city in every state- in my opinion!  The menu is diverse as heck in regards to everything you can do with peanut butter!  I like how they specialize meals for kids and how they serve animal crackers as a side (whereas another place would give you fries or potato chips).  My heart seriously skips a beat when I see this place on the horizon!
4	Gourmet peanut butter?? Yes, please! Never seen anything like this...you can taste the different peanut butters just like you would in a gelato place, and EVERYthing has peanut butter! The grilled sandwiches are pretty good...even the savory sandwiches, which sound pretty gross if you just read the menu (yes, curry peanut butter and sun-dried tomato peanut butter are quite delicious). And they give you ANIMAL CRACKERS! That was kind of exciting.It loses a star for price though. Five bucks for a PBJ, are you kidding me? But I'll probably be back all the same, if not only to buy some jars to bring back home for my friends!
4	It took my girlfriend nearly 9 months after hearing about my love for peanut butter to mention this place and take me here. how could she have forgotten? i could put peanut butter on anything and everything, even her toes and i'd lick it off. but you really aren't reading this to hear about my kinkiness, so i'll stick to writing about food.we got the PB sampler which was probably the best idea, considering you can try 3 different kinds of PB with in, in generous amounts. it came on a plate loaded with pretzels, carrots, celery, and apples. delicious and healthy. we got the banana mocha, cookie dough, and raspberry white chocolate. all deliciously creamy almost to the point of orgasm..that's how good.will def be coming back to try one of their crazy sandwhich combos.
3	I used to eat here when I worked in the mall it is located inside.I love peanut butter & jelly sandwiches, and I love the idea of this store.  That being said, I could not tell the slightest bit difference between their "gourmet" peanut butter and the generic kind I get at Safeway.  Maybe I'm just a philistine.  Then, to compound the issue, the prices they charge for a peanut butter and jelly sandwich are laugh-out-loud hilarious.  One of the beautiful things about peanut butter is how cheap it costs!If their sandwiches were a lot cheaper, then I'd eat here.  Or, if I could taste a gourmet difference so as to justify their gourmet prices, I would eat here.  As it stands, this place is a no-go for me.
4	I love PB Loco.  At one time, there was a location in The Mall of America.  Sad to say,  that the MOA location has closed.  I think you can order their PB online.  I like the White Chocolate Raspberry best.
3	Pricey peanut butter in the mall?  I love peanut butter, and like many others I love the idea of having it in a retail food outlet like this, but it shouldn't cost upwards of $6 for a peanut butter sandwich, animal crackers, and beverage.  Just because bottled water and coffee retailers can revolutionize people's price expectations doesn't mean P.B. Locco can do it too.I'll continue to support them, but only after many free samples to overcome my bitterness at their dent in my wallet for a simple lunch.
5	Mama love peanut butter. Like I REALLY love peanut butter, it's my favorite food. I could probably easily go through an entire jar with nothing but an appetite and a spoon. I didn't know this place existed until my boyfriend gave me two jars of their peanut butter. I was speechless and filled with joy (one of my profile pictures is my first bite of one of the jars). I got the dark chocolate and the banana/chocolate...they are both amazing. On my next visit out to Scottsdale the PB Loco Cafe was a mandatory stop and I was pleasantly overwhelmed with all the options. I got to taste as many as the different types that I wanted (which sold me on the Asian Curry kind too), and enjoyed a sandwich called The Memphis. Sweet Jesus. Peanut butter, banana, honey, and bacon grilled to perfection? It was like one of my wishes had been granted. And not to be too obsessed with this place, another profile picture is of me taking my first bite of this delicious sandwich. I now have at least two of their jars in my own pantry and try to visit the place at least a couple times a year while I'm out in Arizona.
2	I'll be honest, I LOVE peanut butter. I try not to keep it in my house because I can eat it at any time of the day and not stop until the jar is empty. But I do not love P.B. Loco. I think it's a great concept, they have a bunch of different, interesting flavors, but the end product is not that good to me. It is pretty runny and does not have the consistency that I enjoy. I really wanted to like this place, but sadly I didn't.
2	I was really expecting this place to blow away my tastebuds, instead i was not impressed at all. I got the cinni nillia and it was small and very expensive,i payed 7 dollars for a damn pp & j! I will not ever go here again
5	We had my daughter's birthday party here and the staff was excellent.  Plus, the kids loved the meal they had and the price was fair.  Great place!
5	My only visit, about 3 years ago, was lovely.  The cinnamon raisin version of their creamy peanut butter was so amazing and the asian curry was unbelievably delicious.  I would have visited again today, but they may be closed - website is down and the phone number is disconnected.  Hopefully I just have poor timing, otherwise it's quite a sad loss.
3	What a novel idea... a peanut butter-everything store. Gourmet peanut butter to buy, peanut butter based sandwiches, peanut butter smoothies, peanutt butter snacks... I think you get the point. This is a no brainer... if you love peanut butter you're gonna love this place. If you can think of a way to eat peanut butter, they've probably got you covered. We tried the s'mores peanut butter sandwich, which had chocolate PB, graham crackers, and marshmallows on a grilled panini-type bread. The sandwhich was good, even though a bit rich... but I guess that what's you get when you order a 's'mores' sandwhich so I can't complain. Next we got a PB smoothie... and it was just odd. It was frothy and tasted like celery. You know how when you were a kid and your Mom would trick you into eating celery by slathering some PB on it? Well... the first sip of this smoothie instantly was reminiscent of that taste. I don't know what was going on... maybe they didn't clean the blender good enough or something; but the celery flavored smoothie just isn't something that did it for us; yuck. There's really not much else to say about this place... peanut butter 'till you can't take it anymore; that's about all. It's in Scottsdale Fashion Square, so next time you're wandering around amongst the rich Scotdelians; humble yourself and grab a peanut butter sandwhich just for fun; it's not gonna blow your socks off, but it isn't bad either. 3.25/5.
5	No!!!!  I am a newer Yelper and I was running through my "list of places to review" in my brain, P.B. Loco came to mind literally in sixth place.  And then I come to the reviews only to find they are closed?!My nephew and I went to P.B. Loco in what must have been 2005 - the year they opened.  Fantastic little place.  We went back infrequently (I am not a fan of Scottsdale) to the mall but always stopped in at P.B. Loco when we made it out that way.I hope to find P.B. Loco in a new location in the future... Your deliciousness will be missed!
3	To bad this place closed it was interesting yet yummy, big variety of Peanut Butters and Sandwiches, I was not a fan of all the flavors...
5	NO! Why did this place have to shut down :{This place was wonderful. BANANA PEANUT BUTTER COME ON.I'm surprised that it went under. I really hope they open up a new one but I'm not crossing my fingers.
5	What's not to love about a place that makes you feel like a kid again, they even have a saying "Even if the kid inside hasn't grown up, your taste buds might have"
