1	"Customer service" interpreted by teen-aged mall employees = apathetic and barely a transaction.  "Coffee" interpreted by Paradise = barely a step up from awful.Why does this enormous mall not have decent coffee in more findable/convenient locations?  Nobody should have to beg for swill from reluctant youths.
4	This Paradise Bakery is in the Arizona Mills Mall. With my blood sugar dipping, I ventured into the food court. Either my blood sugar was super low and I couldn't get past the first place or this place just looked good with all their fresh breads up front. I am a sucker for fresh bread. The menu looked good and I wasn't the only one in line (always a good and a bad thing).  I decided to order the half chipotle turkey wrap and cup of soup. I got the Posole soup. It had vegetables and hominy and just sounded perfect. And it was quite good. The turkey wrap was good, but needed something. Maybe a chipotle mayo or something. Just something. The service was good. The staff were very friendly and helpful with menu suggestions and I even got a cookie with my meal. It doesn't get much better than that for mall food (unless there is a BOBA involved).
2	the cookies were ok, nothing special. I asked if they were a bakery; which means they make the food on site. I was told that they get the doughs frozen from their factory and they (cashiers, not bakers) bake them.
3	This was one of the first restaurants I visited on my first visit to AZ.  It made quite an impression!  Any place that provides a free cookie with an entre deserves mention in my book.  Though they have since taken away my favorite sandwich (which featured, tomato, basil and mozarrella), there are still many tasty options!  The tomato soup is a hit with everyone I know!  The salads, especially the caesar salad and the pasta salads, are exquisite!  All the bread tastes pretty fresh to me, but I generally stick to soups and salads here now.  The chocolate chip cookies are great, and they usually give out samples!  I also enjoy the frequent diner rewards program, which rewards a free drink and then a free sandwich, etc. after several have been purchased.
4	This will be a very quick review. Way better than Panera or any of those type of eateries. Rocking Tuna sandwich on wheat which included a stellar coconut chocolate chip cookie. Highly recommend this joint.
4	I usually try to stay away from the Arizona Mills mall. The mall itself has gotten crappier by the minute. Now, since I work close by, I was forced to go back to venture to Paradise Bakery. I honestly did not get my hopes up.Since it was lunch time, it was not busy at all. Nothing is worse that being on your work lunch, starving, and standing in line. I opted for the Chicken Walnut Sandwich, with a cup of Tomato Soup. The sandwich was delicious and fresh. The bread was perfect as was the chicken walnut salad. You know...sometimes chicken salad can get really gross..slimey..salty...yucky. This one was perfect and the walnuts added a delicious crunch.On to the soup. First off, I L-O-V-E tomato soup. It is my favorite. Would almost consider taking a bath in it. Hehehe...well, ok maybe not. BUT this soup rocked my socks off. Perfectly creamy, with a hint of smoky flavor, a small drizzle of sour cream and a few crunchy tortilla strips. YUM.So, venture there to try the soup but scurry fast and take the food with you. Don't eat there. Take it somewhere, where you can have a moment alone with the soup. Finito.
3	This food here is on par with every other Paradise around.  However, I still don't understand why they don't have certain things that other Paradise's do.  For example, they don't have that great pesto sauce stuff and they don't have feta cheese.  WTF?  I know they are limited on space but how could they not have room for cheese and sauce?I didn't know this was possible, but somehow this Paradise is even more of a clusterfuc than the rest.  They have too many people behind the counter zipping around doing who knows what and everything is all unorganized.  I've been here about 5 times and every time my order somehow gets screwed up.  I also don't like not being able to refill my drink.On the plus side, this is probably some of the healthier food in the food court .... but is also the most expensive.
2	I don't know where to start. I work in Arizona Mills Mall, so I'm really limited to Paradise Bakery if I want to want to eat somewhat healthy. As much as I love the food, the service is just... Bad. Again, I go here quite often and the people behind the counter are ALWAYS bumbling around like they have no idea what they're doing. There ha been times when I've had to raise my voice to get their attention because they were busy chatting with each other behind the register. Not only that, but my order is almost always wrong. And with my short lunch breaks, I really don't have time for it. Chicken caesar salad and they forget the chicken? Or the dressing? Or timed where I've literally handed them a note saying what I wanted and I still get something completely wrong? Please. The employees are incompetent.
3	Didn't have much here, just wanted to grab a snack or something. I did end up with 1/2 almond chicken salad sandwich and soup. The sandwich could have used some more seasonings in the chicken salad, but otherwise was prety good in a normal, kind of good way. Soup was boiling hot is what i recall, it was veggie with basil. Too much tomatoes and needed more veggies, although basil was spotted and that helped. It was almost 9 bucks for that snack. Oh, i got a free chocolate chip cookie with that deal and that was a fairly tasty ending with good chip chunkage. Haven't eaten in the middle of a mall food court in awhile, very zoolike quality to that experience.
2	closed.
