5	This is the best boba place in Henderson. Now I have craving for their boba everyday !
5	Make sure to ask for the cute short and stout cup! This place is likely to be the first place in Vegas with boba milk tea that comes close to the good boba I had in LA. Mind you, I am not a big fan of boba due to my traumatizing food/boba poison experience on a Thailand family trip. QQ is my go to place whenever I go do my nails at Luxy. My go to flavor is brown sugar milk tea with honey boba and lychee green tea with lychee jelly. I can't wait to try all the flavors and share my finding with my fellow yelpers!
3	It's nice that there's finally a boba place on Eastern, and that we don't have to drive all the way to Spring Mountain to get some! I ordered the almond milk tea (+ boba), and my boyfriend had the icee thing with pudding and honey. They were both really good and the boba was just the right consistency. There are a few reasons I am not giving it 5 stars. First, I rarely give 5 stars after going somewhere just once, because I think consistency is important. Second, they are pretty slow at making the drinks (one at a time). I'm glad they spend the time to make them just right, but I can imagine that if this becomes a super busy venue then they will have trouble keeping up with the crowd. In the future, I hope they are able to a) pick up the pace, b) get some more chairs & tables to hang out, and c) stay open later. I know they're new so they are still working out the kinks, and I hope I can upgrade this to 5 stars the next time I go back!Update:They have a sign that says "please make sure your order is correct before you leave" yada yada yada. My friend ordered one drink but another came out - when she went back to tell them that wasn't what she ordered, they pointed to the receipt and insisted that it was. It never occurred to them that maybe it was THEIR error in punching in the order on the keypad. Even if it wasn't, good customer service would have been to replace the drink with what the customer at least THOUGHT she ordered. Knocking down from 4 to 3 stars.
5	A convenient boba place close to In-N-Out, Monta Chaya, and Gold's Gym on Eastern and Serene! For those who don't live next to China town, this is a very easy to reach place for good boba.  1 ) The owner is friendly and welcoming, the store is run by him and his wife. The logo is in fact his daughter, so it does have meaning! The store itself is in a reachable place, and next to many markets and restaurants, such as Monta Chaya Ramen. Great plaza to eat traditional Japanese ramen and then grab a drink at QQ!2 ) The boba itself is derived from "Half and Half Tea Express" from LA. They have cute stumpy cups, perfect for holding and a great size. The tapioca are made from honey and sugar. If you order a drink that has a flavor, such as the Strawberry Iced Milk Tea, he will use normal boba. However, if you happen to order a normal drink without specific flavoring, the boba used would be made with "black sugar." Black sugar boba is WAY BETTER. He does not include it inside some flavored drinks like the Strawberry, because the strawberry syrup is made from fresh strawberries and sugar, and he doesn't want to make it too sweet. I would ask for the black sugar boba anyway because its great. Be sure if to tell him how sweet u want it or don't  want it if you are worried, because he knows some Asians don't like too sweet and some Americans like a bit more on the sweeter side.3. The drinks themselves are fantastic and very cheap compared to other places. I at first ordered the "iced milk", which I must warn you, has a layer of crushed ice on top, because its "iced milk", he blends ice with condensed milk. If you don't like a layer of crushed ice on your drink, avoid the "iced milk". The toppings are great, and they have a variety of pudding. Egg pudding, and Taro pudding, which happen to my favorite toppings in boba. I strongly recommend adding it in if it isn't already in your drink ^^ and plus they have a pretty large variety of drinks. If you aren't awake, you can ask him to add a shot of expresso into your drink to keep yourself up.4. This entire month of December 2013, there is a BUY ONE GET ONE HALF OFF DEAL! and if you aren't buying two, you can get a 20% discount if you check in on Facebook in store! Don't miss it while its still here! Overall, this is the first place in Vegas to be similar to the great Half and Half Tea Express in LA. Not bad and better than lots of other places, and if you have an complaints, don't feel bad to tell him! He will be happy to learn from you and change things :D Its new so don't be too harsh if it doesn't come out the way you want! WARNING : New business, and most of the time, its only the Owner working. His wife is occasionally there, but its usually only 1 person making drinks. He has not hired yet and I assume he will when he begins to make more business or realizes that his business will thrive. So if you visit in groups of 5-10, expect a wait time! The interior is pretty good sized, not too many seats for many people, but its comfortable. And don't forget to turn on the light in the hallway if you plan to use the restroom! otherwise its a very creepy walk to the restroom.
5	It's great to have a place closer to the Henderson/Anthem area that's not overpriced like it's competitors around town. Great service and continually kind assistance is given whenever asked any questions. Super size is also pretty cool for those who want to really satisfy their boba crave! Definitely will be a place to go for boba and even coffee. Wide variety of options in the menu at affordable prices. What's not to like?
5	This place is worth a shot for sure Very clean placeDrinks are made quickAnd they are very well priced The Thai ice tea with boba is perfectA lot of different styles of drinksIf u are thirsty and want a sweet drink Your welcome
4	This place has a lot of potential.  They recently opened a few weeks ago, so their menu is limited to drinks only.  I ordered the green milk tea with boba and it was pretty good (honey boba, mmmmmmmm).  I definitely plan on being here again and hopefully when they get established; popcorn chicken will be added to the menu!
4	Such a cute open space! Thanks to yelp, I wouldn't have known it was so close to my friend's place :) I got brown sugar milk tea, it was nummys. The cups there are huge and wide, which is awesome but may be limited to fit in most cupholders. The couple there were very sweet also.
5	First time here, the guy who helped me out was super cool and funny. He recommended one of the milk teas, so I go the green milk tea with boba. He was so cool that he gave me some extra pudding !My drink came out so good, just the right amount of sweetness. Definitely a place to try out when you're in the area ! Oh and they have a 20% off deal when you check in !
5	Really happy I tried this place! Living in henderson there aren't that many places that you can get a good avocado smoothly with boba. Normally, I drive all the way to Chinatown which is pretty far from where I am. But now I don't have to!The price is super reasonable 4 bucks and I absolutely loved my drink. Next time I'm here I'll even try something else cause, I'm thinking the milk tea!Oh and extra bonus, it's a family business. Complete with the owners daughter (the logo) playing in the back. Something I really can support.
4	I'm a boba snob and mean business when it comes to drinking Boba. If it ain't squishy in the right texture that it ain't good. If there's chunks of ice in the slush that you can't drink through the straw, then it ain't good. The cups are cute but need an invention for a cup holders. The store is a bit cold, no cute decorations, and lack tables and chairs. The only reason why I deducted one star. The prices are very reasonable.  Better than the boba in Chinatown.
4	We made it just in time. They just made a fresh batch of boba. It's good news to know they make boba in batches and not  let it sit. Boba was good, smoothies were smooth, and taste was yummy! Agree with others, not too many places to sit so one star less. However, for what it's worth, still a must go.
5	In the quaint little plaza I call Gold's plaza(because of the gym), lies this "new", "woodsy"-smelling with minimal decorations place of thirst-quenching delicious-ness!The owner is super nice and allowed us to take our time while he checked to make sure his planks were straight and in line. I was drawn to the larger cups but realized they're just shaped differently. I ordered the Black-Tea Sesame milk tea with boba and my BF ordered Almond milk tea with pudding and honey boba. If you have ever had the black sesame pudding that's found in Asian markets in the Red Box (fond memories of my childhood), then order the black sesame milk tea. The almond milk tea was also good and not so sweet as most other places, I never tried pudding in my drinks previously but it was a nice change. They offer a stamp card! Will definitely be filling it up
4	I stopped by here after spending time at the gym which is a couple doors down. Ordered Green Tea flavored with Lychee.  If you like beverages super sweet then you'll like this drink. I did like the green tea, but thought the added lychee flavor was just a tad too syrupy. Not sure if it was supposed to be that way so I didnt say anything. I'll order something else next time since they make different types of other drinks. At this point of sale there was a 20% your drink when you check in on your Yelp app. So dont forget to check in!Also they have a stamp card program..so grab or ask for one if you plan on being a regular. 10 stamps = free drink.The drink cups they serve it in are a little flimsy, so don't grip the cup with too much pressure. Hence why they probably posted a sign that they are not responsible if you accidentally drop your drink inside or outside the store. I thought it was odd, but after they handed my drink to me I see why they posted that sign. What's unique about this place is one of the drink cups they have is a different shape, shorter but wider, easier to hold, but keep in mind it wont fit in drink holders in your car. The place is clean, modestly furnished with a sofa , pub chairs in the seating area. Staff is super friendly and helpful. The place is always fairly busy but wait time wasn't that long at all. This Boba Tea place is a welcome addition to this strip mall.
5	ICE MILK WITH TARO AND HONEY BOBA.'NUFF SAID.I've never had "ice milk" before until I tried this place out. It's so delicious!All fruit flavors are made with the actual fruit. The boba has a wonderfully sweet taste and chewy texture.Customer service is great! It's usually the owner, wife, and lil kid there.I've wondered why they don't have any more seating but apparently the health district won't allow it. I couldn't remember everything the owner said, but including the workers, there can only be about 14 people in there at a time and some other dictated reasons, so they just generally went through a lot of complications and the owner seemed a little frustrated by the codes. Seriously, this place is delicious. I really hope they get a lot of business from word of mouth.To me, I think it may be the best in vegas. Creative flavors, and real fruit, generally inexpensive and generous, and who's heard of ice milk? That thing is ingenious.
5	Awesome place ! I use to drink regular boba tea but ever since I found out about this place. I fell in love. I usually get the STRAWBERRY EGG PUDDING & HONEY BOBA ice milk drink. It's icey, sweet & milky. The cups are super big depending on the size. You can always ask the guy there whether you like it sweeter or less sweet. Customer service is on point ! The guy there is always super friendly & tells us little things about each certain drinks. He always makes conversation with us which is nice. I would say best boba place I've been to so far. :)
5	*Update: I think they've caught on that with their yummy drinks they need to keep up with business demands - they had boba my last few visits:):) Keep it coming! I'm happy to see more and more customers visiting this place -- won't be long now til they creep up behind No.1 boba tea.  I wish I could give a better rating. Don't get me wrong - drinks are great and the owners are nice BUT...for being a boba shop they run out of boba A LOT. Today was my third time coming in and being told to either come back in 45mins or sorry we are out. Another time I got the last serving and a lady also came in and expressed her disappointment that it was her third time also missing out on boba. The owner simply replied that if he makes too much it would be a waste --- really?! Wouldn't you rather get business with 80% up charge than lose the cost of your unused boba which could easily be dismissed at the end of the day if you didn't have to turn drinks away....??? Sorry to say but I will be hesitating to come back - just stick to No.1 Boba down the street.
5	Digging the vibe at this tea house. Owner is friendly and accommodating. Place is clean, quiet and inviting. The product is good. Stop in and check it out.
5	Finally I found a boba place on my side of town that actually tastes good!!! Taro smoothies are my favorite of all time. And this place does it right. It's actually rich in taro flavor but not too sweet. They also have a taro milk tea which is also creamy and good. For their non dairy selections, they offer flavored black or green teas. I haven't tried them yet, but I am looking forward to trying them once summer hits and I need a refreshing drink. For the boba itself, they are not selfish with it. They give you a huge portion of it with your drink. And it doesn't get hard and chewy if you order it with a cold beverage. I like to add taro pudding in my drink as well and they do not skimp on that either. I usually have a huge chunk of pudding left after I have already finished my drink.The prices are very reasonable as compared to other boba spots around town. I can get a huge 24 oz drink with boba AND pudding for about $5. They offer a stamp card as well so don't forget it when it's time to pay. The owner is friendly and is patient if you can't decide on what to drink. P.S. There isn't a huge area to sit around and hang out. I don't mind this because I always get my drinks to go.
3	I stopped by when this place first opened and below are my reviews for multiple times I've visited. There isn't much seating available - just a couple of chairs, then a sofa with a coffee table available. 1st visit: So again, I stopped by when this place first opened - the male owner notified me and Bun they ran out of boba. I found it a bit weird but decided to grab a drink anyways - I got plain MT. Definitely skip this one - pretty watered down and highly recommend getting it with some sort of flavor. What got me through the drink was that it was the fat cup size.2nd visit: I troll the owner a little asking if boba is now available and he replies yes - to my trolling it was to hint that we were the customers who visited less than 3 days ago, however the owner didn't remember sadly. But good news was boba was available now. Got the Ice Milk drank with caramel, honey boba, and pudding. Exactly what I was expecting from other places I've gotten it before and it's pretty sweet but I don't mind it so much once in a while.3rd visit: I went again the day AFTER my second visit. Still, no recognition from the SAME owner who has seen Bun and I 3 times in one week. We had decided to give up all hopes in being remembered. I got Strawberry Milk Tea (get this instead of plain MT) and bun got the Strawberry slush - skip this cuz it was pretty sour and tasted like a funky jolly rancher.Again, Bun and I felt this is a little ridiculous to not be remembered at all by the owner really. Ironic enough is it's the same owner who had kept apologizing the first time we visited because they ran out of boba and we wanted to like him - we really do but I mean some say third time's a charm but I don't think so for here. I swear if the owner had just said "hey! welcome back!" or "thanks for visiting again!" it would've wheeled bun and me in - but nope.But you know, still got close ties with my "homie" at Icy Juicy - always be waving at each other every time Bun and I enter, and even a "Happy Chinese New Year" too - we coo, we coo.
4	This place reminds me of Half and Half in California. Their iced milk drinks are boooomb esp with the egg pudding, taro egg pudding and strawberries. I usually avoid the boba here because I like soft boba, and their boba is harder than most places. I love their interior and furniture, but they could use more seats. The owner is extremely friendly and helpful, so you should follow his suggestions! :)The reason I gave this place 4 stars is because of the wait at times. Sometimes I'll wait like twenty minutes for my drink. :(
5	The guy there is super nice! He's the father of the baby girl on their logo. I went there with two of my best friends. He's familiar with us. We stayed there for like an hour just talking and he was super chill. The boba is really good too! Feels like home there whenever I visit.
5	We tried this place on a whim because we were in the area and were pleasantly surprised!  The avacado boba is fantastic!  I was skeptical because I'm not a huge avacado fan but it was amazing!  I've since tried it at a few other places and it was quite horrible so I'm glad that I tried it here first so I know what it can taste like.  We will definitely be back.
5	Owner is super nice, has cool hairstyle. Excellent and tasty drinks, nice and new store.
5	Very good boba on my side of town! I used to go to Tea Station just for good boba, but ever since QQ Boba opened, I don't have to drive so far! Ice milk drink with caramel, pudding, & honey boba is my favorite! The staff/ husband & wife that work here are very friendly & helped me choose the perfect drink! This place is two thumbs up in my book!
4	Not bad! I almost lost hope in boba in Vegas after going to another one in the area where a bunch of us tried it and we literally spat it back out. So gross. But I'm glad I found this place.It's on the pricier side. 3.50 for a small where we usually get a large in most places we've been in LA, but I guess I'm willing to pay if there isn't a better place around vegas.Ordered:-jasmine green milk tea w boba-regular milk tea w boba
5	best boba in town! the 2 drinks i ordered were both so good. just the right amount of sweetness n very refreshing. Cant say enough how much i love their honey boba ( and the pudding) . surprisingly the boba stlll so chewy n sweet after couple hours being in my fridge. the price is very reasonable too. would def recommend this place!
3	Not much seating inside of this place. Has a TV and a couch up against a wall. My tea was tasty and we ended up wandering down to another place to sit outside.
4	Love this place! They're really nice and fairly priced. The boba options are completely customizable. Really delicious and highly recommended! :)
5	TARO Bobba is on point! It's always perfectly blended. And the bobba is just pure bliss. It's hard first me to try other flavors but I have tried the avocado,  sesame  milk, and Thai tea. Bomb as well. They have stamp cards too!
5	I love the drinks here. Tried the mango slush with mango jelly and boba and it was great.
5	Came here for the first time today to try out their boba... Well, all I can say is, I'll be back! I ordered the ice milk with honey boba and pudding. At first I thought it was a lot because it came in a 24 oz cup. But when I started drinking it, I couldn't put it down... It was very good and refreshing. The honey boba gave it a little bit of a sweet flavor but not too sweet. It was perfect. The guy who took my order was friendly too. I think he is the owner. If you ask for a stamp card, they'll give you one as well. The only down side is that, it was hard to find parking. The whole mall was full, maybe it was because of the gym that is at the same mall as QQ Boba. I'll definitely be back and try something different next time :)
3	Kind people working here. Tons different boba tea. They have coffee too. Even better than "Half&Half" because not so noisy here.But... Asked for no ice in tea -- they forgot. Coffee latte was not hot.
5	I ordered the ice milk drink with pudding and boba... SOOOOOOO YUMMMYYY!!Prices are average for boba drinks. Next time, I'm ordering the larger cup. Lots of flavors to choose from as well as hot and cold drinks.Person behind the counter (perhaps he's the owner?) was super nice and made sure to tell me to shake my drink before I inserted the straw into the cup. When using a card to pay, there is a $0.25 surcharge if your order is less than $5.00.Located a few doors down from Gold's Gym and AT&T.
3	There arent many if any at all places to get a cup of boba milk tea in henderson, so when I found this place out I decided to give it a try. Their boba drinks are decently priced and the owner was pretty nice in describing the details of each drink and taste as best he could before us ordering. The insides on the down side is extremely small which is a slight disappointment. It almost has an awkwardness to how empty it is inside which is a shame considering there plenty of potential room to set up a nice set of tables and seats. The drinks are good, not overly sweet and the boba not too chewy or hard. Slushed are a little over priced considering for the same price of a small you can get a large non slush drink with change to spare. Over all not a bad place though if you want a quick stop to get a milk tea on the go and dont want to make the trip to china town.
4	Went to visit last Saturday after craving for boba. I've always wanted to try this place for their super size cup because I've never seen a cup larger than 24oz at a boba place. Very unique!CUSTOMER SERVICEDid not get any service or nothing that really stood out to me. I went to visit around 1 in the afternoon and there were 4 other people there. They were all waiting for their drink so I just sat in one of the chair waiting and waiting. Probably over 10 minutes of waiting, my drink comes out. I look at the group that was here before me and they are still waiting for their drinks!The guy that made the drink didn't even apologize for the wait. I might have been too anxious to try my super size drink!DRINKI ordered a milk tea with honey boba in a super size cup. I have no idea how big the cup is in ounce, but it looked like a bucket. Big enough to where my German Shepherd could use it as a kibble tray. I was excited but at the same time worried that my drink probably contain enough sugar/calorie for the whole month. Luckily, the milk tea was PERFECT! Not overly sweet, but tasted light sugar which I appreciated. Boba was good texture, not the best but not the worst either.Only thing I was unhappy about was the amount of ice in my milk tea. There were barely any ice in it even though I never requested light ice. I saw 3 little cubes of ice which melted in less than 10 minutes.CONCLUSIONPrice was reasonable (less than $5). This place is really far from my house but I will definitely visit again if I am in the area.
4	Nice, friendly. Tasty milk tea. Boba have a good texture.  Cooked thoroughly but not overdone. Just right :-). Quiet, clean, and simple.  A lot of people go in not knowing what to get but want to try boba the people here are nice and will give you good suggestions. They want you to like what you get:)
3	Pretty standard run-of-the-mill boba joint. I always order a chocolate milk tea with boba, and they didn't disappoint. Prices were right, and they had a variety of sizes as well. Their medium is the typical large, and they had big bucket-size cups as well (sizes I've only seen at the Quickly chain and Boba Fiend in Riverside, CA). Minor quip: either their cup sealer wasn't working, or they were out of cup seals. My cup was covered with a standard fast food cup lid. The interior was surprisingly sparse -- just a single sectional couch. No array of furniture for hanging out like so many other boba spots. Oh well.
4	Had to stop by here as this was the new (ish) boba place in town.  I really like the inside!  It's very simple and chic.  The menu is also digital and hangs on the wall.  Rad!I got coconut milk tea here and the gentleman behind the counter asked me to try it before I left to make sure I like it.  Wow, that right there is awesome.  I shook my boba tea, sipped it, and it was good!  I think I'm still trying to find the perfect coconut milk tea, but for now it's much less sweet than No 1 Boba Tea down the road.Sip to your heart's content!  Also, get a stamp card.
3	This place is ok...There was only 1 guy working so drinks took forever to come out because it got a little packed during the lunch hour. I think I waited a good 10-15 min for my 1 drink! I got the green milk tea which had good flavor but the pudding tasted weird to me and was a single block of pudding...how the hell am I supposed to drink the pudding if it won't fit in the straw? How hard would it be to cut up the pudding into little cubes or slices and not have it be a giant chunk? The pricing was cheap, however, boba, pudding, etc are considered add-ons at an additional 50 cent charge. I made the mistake of getting the middle size which was a mistake since it's huge! Just stick with the small one unless you're sharing!
5	I really like this place.  Best bang for your buck.  I got green milk tea.  The biggest size and it was less than 4 bucks.  What a deal!  It's also made to order.
5	Boba here is awesome. I usually get taro or avocado smoothies and they make them with real fruit so the taste is delicious. Customer service is also great here and I can usually get in & out in about 5 min.
3	The bobba is really good I love love it...BUT!!!!!!! The asian employees always get my order wrong!!!! They dont understand!!!! I said I wanted boba and they dont put boba and they give me the wrong size!!!!! I have nothing against asian but it would be better if they spoke well English
4	This is a good 4.5 stars. I'd give a star just for this one thing alone: THE BOBA HAS BEEN GOOD EVERY VISIT (for me anyway - sorry Stephanie K.!). Why is this so hard everywhere else? Anyway.If you're looking for the best boba spot around for the "classics," I can't think of anywhere better in Vegas. For more variety, sure, there are other choices. Boba is firm. People are nice. Flavors are spot on. Sweetness is right. They're used to reducing how much sugar you want just in case. I've had ice milk tea with taro pudding and boba so many times now and I have no regrets. Avocado is also delicious, and any of the tea choices, too.What's missing then? Seating. It's a couch and a few chairs... then nothing. It's usually empty probably because of this. It's not welcoming exactly. Also, as Brian P. mentioned, I'm not sure why they don't just chop up the pudding they add to some drinks. It's one huge solid chunk.
5	My favorite boba place in Vegas ^___^ Thanks to Ardie Y. & Sho Y. for taking me here and introducing me to my latest addiction.This is definitely more of a walk-in/walk-out type of place. Seating is limited to about 6 people. It appears to be a waiting area over a sit and hang out area. Maybe they'll change that in the future--hopefully? They have plenty of space to work with. Swap the couch and the singular table, add a couple more 2-tops...All their boba is sweetened with honey *win* My drink of choice is the Ice Milk w/ Honey Boba & Taro Pudding (70% sugar). Ice Milk = sweetened milk blended w/ ice. It's perfect in all that it is and a great alternative to the heavier/sweeter beverages. They're used to having people ask for less sugar and have no problems making your drink to your specifications.I haven't had a bad cup here. It makes me sad that I can't order my usual go-to Jasmine Milk Tea but they have a great selection of milk teas and you often have a choice of black or green tea. The iced teas are excellent also. Real grapefruit in the Grapefruit Iced Tea (50% sugar) !? Unheard of. I like Don't forget your stamp card! Buy 10, get 1 free. !
4	I'm so glad there is finally a great boba spot by the house! It's so hard to find really good boba but I think we have now found a new spot! Great size options, good prices, good flavors! We are completely satisfied. It looks like they just opened cause they didn't have much furniture and it was pretty warm inside but we don't usually sit around after we get our drinks. They did forget to add the lychee to my order. I called them when I got home and they told me to lmk on my next visit and they would take care of it. We will definitely be back!!
5	This is a little family owned boba joint. The husband in front with a newly hired helper and a wife and daughter in the play room in the back.  The husband/owner is really nice and almost always try to make every drink the way you want it. He spends the time asking you what you like and how you like it. He pretty much custom blend the drink to your specification.  The drink turns out perfect everytime.
5	Walked in here to catch the tail end of the World Cup and get some much needed refreshment in the Vegas heat, and having gone to No 1 Boba across the street the day before for comparison, I must say Henderson can finally rejoice in having a legit boba spot that is comparable to Spring Mountain and possibly joints in LA (one prior reviewer stated their boba is the same as those used in the  popular Half and Half Tea Express franchise in SoCal but I did not ask the owner for confirmation).  The shop is run by a family whose little daughter is the inspiration for their logo.  Detractors may point out that service may be a little slow, there's an awkward placement of a couch and a few chairs like an unfinished room in terms of the seating area, and there are no options for food/dessert, but these can all be overcome in due time.  I admire the fact that they have a clear identity and focus on letting their product do the talking at the outset since that will ultimate build loyalty and generate buzz in the long run.  The slightly longer wait time is well worth it since the folks behind the counter are intent on crafting the perfect drink much like a seasoned mixologist serving individually tailored cocktails.  I appreciated the owner explaining the various options and inquiring about the level of desired sweetness since I've had it bad on both extremes at other shops.  Aside from passion fruit, fresh fruit and juices are used and there are some innovative add-ons such as taro pudding and sesame boba, as well as specialty drinks using japanese yogurt (Yakult) and condensed milk (ice milk).  I ordered a grapefruit yogurt drink blended with green tea and boba.   Having received my drink after a nice few shakes by the owner akin to a well-mixed martini, the boba was not only at the desired level of QQ (QQ is the Taiwanese phrase equivalent of "al dente"), but was also infused with a touch of honey to balance the tartness of the grapefruit, the subtle bitterness of the green tea and rounded out nicely with the yogurt.   Contrast this to my experience at No 1 Boba where I ordered a mango slush with boba and I ended up with an under-sweetened concoction of unripe mango, flavorless boba accompanied by an undesirably warm dark ooze with each sip (presumably the congealed fluid that the boba had been sitting in), and there's really no contest whose boba reigns supreme in Henderson.  For those keeping score, QQ Boba is Germany and No 1 Boba is Brazil: game, set, match.
2	This place is over priced and the flavor of the tea is sugar syrup with no real fruit!#1 Boba is better. ****************OVER PRICED***************
5	Best place to get boba drinks! Their boba is sweet and has the perfect texture. They use real avocados for their smoothie and it tastes amazing. I came to their place two times and both times they ran out of avocados by night! The second time, one of the workers (assuming owner) was nice enough to give me a free avocado smoothie that was left over in the blender from making a drink. It was nice that he decided to give it to a customer rather than wasting it by throwing it away :) Their iced milk tea with taro pudding is also very good! I've never been to a place that mixes pudding and milk tea so it was very interesting. I will always come back here when I have a chance!
4	Stopped by here before dinner because everyone was craving boba and this place caught my attention with its cute name and logo! The store was empty on a Sat night at 8pm but it's okay because we had lots of questions to ask the owner while looking over the menu (so many good choices so it was hard to pick just ONE drink)! We ended up getting half/half milk tea (half green half black mt) with boba+pudding and the iced milk with strawberry and boba. DELICIOUS! The milk tea didn't taste heavy like some of the other ones I've had and the boba was very chewy! The pudding also had a very good texture and not too sweet so it was perfect with my milktea. We got our iced milk drink half sweet and it came out perfectly! The owner was so nice and patient with every question we had as well as every request. He made good suggestions and even gave me a stamp card without me asking! Definately will be back again. =]
5	Best Boba in the town and reasonable price. I was from LA and drank boba tea from many tea shops. QQ Boba is even better than some tea shops in LA. High Recommended. I have been going there every two weeks to get drink in this hot summer.
5	Very friendly service, clean lobby. Nice and quiet place to unwind after a loud experience at a near by skating rink. I took my time reading the menu and changed my mind when ordering, they were helpful and patient. My daughter ordered her own concoction off menu and they were glad to mix it up for her. Very tasty and soft and chewy boba just how i like. I ordered the matcha with lychee jelly and boba. YUM if you like green tea deff try this one. I think i got to meet QQ behind the counter speaking Chinese to her mommy. Cute!!!! Will definitely come back.
2	I've heard about QQ boba from a friend, and was told it was fairly good.  I went to QQ boba and decided to try out their lychee yogurt drink.  You are also able to customize your drink by adding diff. types pudding, jellies and/or boba. When I ordered my lychee drink, I was asked if I knew what kind of yogurt was in my drink.  He stated that it was NOT regular yogurt, that it was the tart, asian yogurt.  I let him know that I was aware or it, because I had tried something similar in New York on vacation.  I then asked him if I could add taro pudding.  He immediately looked at me like I was another creature and said, "Lychee and Taro? those dont mix, thats going to taste weird."  I felt embarrassed and humiliated that he would even call me out on my taste of choice.  Doesn't everyone have different pallets? what if that was something good to me. but not to anyone else?  At the end of the day, I didnt end up getting it because he then told me that I was not allowed to get 2 choices for the size I wanted (16oz).  I just chose the jelly and walked out.The drink itself was pretty good, but I didn't get a warm feeling at the register.
5	Being a self confessed boba addict, I always look for a good boba place whenever I'm in town from Cali. The store had a very clean, minimalist layout, which was nice. I ordered  the passion fruit green tea boba & it was delish! They definitely don't skimp when you ask for extra boba either!
5	This place is awesome. Small family business and it's fairly close to my house. I'd say it's the best quick boba spot on the south side of town. Prices are great and the quality of the drinks are awesome too! In my personal opinion, I prefer QQ Boba instead of No. 1 Boba! I hope they stay in business for a long long time.
4	Came in to order some drinks for the long ride back to  Los Angeles and was not disappointed... I'd say probably one of the better tasting boba places I've tried while here in Vegas. They have similar squatty cups that don't fit in normal cup holders like half n half have back at home. Tea tasted good, boba was soft but not as "sweet" as I was expecting/hoping. Atmosphere and employees were nice. Overall not bad if you're in Vegas :)
5	I was so excited to see that there was a boba place in my area.  This place rocks.  I love that you can do a sugar free version of their boba drinks by replacing it with whatever sugar alternative they have there.  Plus there is also a soy option.  The hubs and I come here at least twice a week to get our boba fix.
2	I was honestly really excited to try this boba place because I saw all the good reviews on it but I'm very disappointed with it. The drink itself was VERY bland. The tea taste is a bit stronger but it definitely lacked the sweetness I'm craving for in other milk teas. There was a good amount of boba in there but I would not be coming back again for it for the lack of taste in there milk tea
4	Love this boba shop! It's in a nice area and the owners are really sweet. You can definitely tell they love their job and have fun working there. It's really clean and you can tell it's a brand spankin' new shop. They have a couple different sizes and the super size is HUGE! I can't ever finish one of those so I also go with the smaller cups. Their employee Kevin is really friendly and has an awesome smile! Great customer service and yummy drinks. My boyfriend loves their taro pudding. If you're in the area you definitely should try it out!!
3	Having lived in Asia for over 12 years, I truly missed bubble tea. I was very excited to spy QQ Boba as we pulled into the parking lot for Montra Ramen - this was going to be a perfect after lunch treat.Entering QQ I was surprised how sparse the space inside was. There is a small table and 2 chairs on the left a black sofa on the right and one more stiff chair placed next to the couch. The rest is a vast open space leading to the counter.The counter is a really strange set up. There is no showcasing the products or preparation that you see in Asia. It is more like a bus ticket counter...I could see the bubble tea sealing machine tucked away on the side towards the back - this is one of the things that draws people to the product, kids especially love seeing their drinks sealed. Why oh why would the owners not showcase their product and production???I ordered a passion fruit black tea w/ boba. My wife ordered a passion fruit green tea w/ boba.The "bubbles" or boba toppings are not on display, so we had no idea that there were other choices until we sat down and stared at the menu. On the very bottom right there they were...other toppings. Some of our favorites to, bummer, maybe next time.There was one lady that came in before us who ordered 2 drinks... Our 2 drink order took about 10 minutes for our drinks. That is way to long for a simple tea drink, our ramen meal earlier came out faster and the restaurant was almost full.Okay, the drinks. Only about 10% ice, in Las Vegas that means that the iced tea was almost tepid and the little ice in the cup melted down in about 5 minutes in the Vegas heat. The black tea was overly sweet, the green was good, but still on the too sweet side. Overall, it was nice to have a treat that reminded us of Asia. I hope the owners take note, be proud of your product, ingredients, and preparation. Add some tables and chairs, as I am sure there are guests like us who would like to linger and enjoy the tea, but by the time we received our tea there were about 8 people standing around waiting, so we gave up our seats.We will be back and will ask for less sugar and a bit more ice. Hopefully, we will get to see more of what QQ are offering.
2	Maybe it was a particularly bad day, so I might have to try this place again, but the drink I had was awful. Almond boba milk tea. It tasted like watered down regular milk tea. I couldn't taste any almond. And even if it was regular milk tea, it was still dilute. There was no creaminess or tea flavor. The consistency of the boba was decent.. comparable to a Lollicup. Maybe I'll try this place again and update my review.
4	QQ Boba serves great boba beverages.  The teas are refreshing and milk teas are smooth and buttery.  Compared to other boba establishments, they do offer different flavored boba and puddings which remind me of the softest tofu served at dim sum restaurants.  This is meant for to go orders since there isn't much seating inside.  It looks clean.  They are located close to other great food places I like to eat, such as Chaya monta(ramen), and island sushi/grill.  If you like fast food chains, in and out burger, einsteins bagel, smash burger, and zupas are in close proximity as well.  I gave it four stars because of limited seating and they did not have an A rating from the health dept.
5	My girlfriend suggested we get some Boba...so I Yelped the nearest location to us.  Low and behold, this little gem is right near where I live (215/Eastern)!  How did I not know this place existed??Sure the decor is rather plain and simple...but who cares!  I was not going for boba and ambiance.  :-)I am glad I went because the "sesame dairy smoothie" was indeed smooth with the right amount of sweetness.  :-)PS Get their stamp card.
4	A random after-work thought boba. I could either workout at the Gold's in the same lot or have empty calories. Empty calories won!They have flat screen TV's and a few chairs. You basically grab your drink and go. You can't stay here.They have milk tea, ice milk, smoothies, etc. I double-fisted a Thai Boba Milk Tea and a Green Boba Milk Tea. The tea flavor was pretty strong and less sweet which is rare and is actually prefer it this way. Less sugar is always good. The boba pearls were fresh, hot and soft.Make sure you grab a stamp card so you can get a free drink after 10 stamps.
4	I have no idea why this place has escaped my claws (and taste buds) until tonight. I'm glad that I finally stopped by.Passion fruit green tea has become a bit of a basic order for me. I saw it on the menu and went for it. The super cup ($3.75) was a great size for me and looked like a wise investment. The cup itself is quite wide from top to base and may be unwieldy for smaller hands, and I only was able to handle it effectively while driving home because I have a relatively huge cup holder in my car.The tea itself was a very close second to my favorite passion fruit green tea at Ten Ren. Excellent balance of passion fruit and green tea, easy to taste both whenever, reasonably sweet and not as strongly bitter as some that I've had. No ice. Not even sure if they'll add ice if you ask, which is fine since that's basically water that takes up more space than water. There was a curious amount of froth that wouldn't go away, but it didn't affect the flavor or mouth feel at all, so whatever.The boba ($0.50) was a disappointment. I may not even order it again in the future, but maybe it was simply an off night. The menu lists it as honey boba, but there was hardly any flavor whatsoever. I actually had to adjust my usual drinking method. Instead of swallowing the tea then chewing the boba, I had to chew the boba before swallowing the mouthful in order to stop from having a mouthful of bland.In light of my new boba method, it may have been a plus that the boba was too soft, which let me break it down for quickly. I shouldn't be able to tongue off the outer layer of the pearls. Conversely, it was a bad thing that they gave me so much, maybe as much as one-fourth of the whole cup. Could've had more tea (and enjoyed it with a smaller straw). Still, easily correctable by simply not ordering boba (or even finding passably decent boba next time).Would be remiss not to mention a couple of other things about the store. The colors and lighting are fairly bright but relatively simple. It's clean. There's a good amount of space inside the store, but basically just a coffee table with a couch and armchair and a few other seats. Not sure why they don't have a few more tables and chairs. They have a TV that's noticeably angled toward the inner corner such that the employees or anyone in about half of the customer area can see it. Monday Night Football was the program being shown when I was there tonight.QQ Boba is probably the shortest drive to a legit boba shop for me, so I'll be back to try more things and possibly to upgrade the rating if I find other things that I enjoy. For now, my recommendation is a definite try for tea lovers and/or as a follow-up to a meal in the area.
5	This is my second visit, both times the cashier and another guy (I think the owner) was there. They're very friendly and I asked the cashier a couple of questions regarding the milk teas and he answered it and help me made my choice! I ordered the iced milk tea with taro pudding and boba and it was yum! Prices are very reasonable and they're very generous with the boba and other toppings! I think it'd be a good idea if they start serving small snacks that goes with boba! I passed by japan creek market to get some sushi and takoyaki and it paired well with my boba. I would've bought it at qq boba if they serve something like that there too. :)They have power bands on the side, so I purchased one too!All in all, it was such a pleasant experience! I will definitely come back!
5	No 1 boba has nothing on this place! The staff are friendly and willing to suggest items if you're not sure what to order, prices are amazing and they have way more options! I'll definitely be returning.
5	I love how you can request and "build" your own drink without feeling like a bother. There is a nondairy section but you can also ask to have any other drink to be nondairy as well. I ALWAYS get a nondairy coffee milk tea, the owner even knows my order before I even say anything! :) The short and fat medium and large sized drinks are so cute and you definitely get more bang for your buck here at QQ.
5	Im so lucky to live close by this boba place! Finally got me and my boyfriend's boba fix. The price is very very reasonable for the amount of drinks they give you! They use fresh ingredients for your drinks as well. I wish they'd make LYCHEE MILK TEA so I won't have to go far just to have it. Overall,it's one of my fave boba place! Btw,they have stamp cards!!!:)
5	Great service! First time here and my wife and I walked up to the door at 8:06 and didn't realize they closed at 8! We were bummed but out popped the owner and he came to the door and said he would be happy to make us whatever we would like! That is the first time impression that gains a customer for life! The strawberry slush boba was great!!! Definitely coming back!
5	Ok, wanna hear a story? I came in to buy myself a slush lychee drink with boba.  While ordering I thought about my husband who drove me to get my drink. I thought, what might a white guy might like to drink.... Hmmmm...I guess I'm getting another lychee slush for him. If he doesn't like it, more for me. Guess what???? He loooovvveeee the dang drink ---we went back the next day for another slush,,,,,yes its that good.
4	First time here, really did not know the place was here or what it was.  We went in and talked to the owner and he tried his best to explain what boba was.  It looks like a blueberry BUT ITS NOT.  It is chewy like a gummy bear BUT IT IS NOT A GUMMY BEAR.  All I can say is that I was very surprised to really like it.  The drinks are amazing.The menu in the shop needs some clarification as they do not have coffee any more but the rest of the menu is still there.  They do not have any other milk other then whole milk but I guess it would defeat the purpose of their drink if it were made differently then what they intended it to be.Overall I really like this place and even though it is kind of hidden inside the shopping center, I would recommend this place.  The drinks are refreshing and the place does a lot of business.It is worth the price and the time and they have a few seats where you can sit and hang for a while.
5	Best boba place in Vegas. I love to get their ice milk with honey boba. You will not be disappointed!
5	Been here since it first opened, haven't went to any other spot since. Its as good as it gets in Henderson when compared to the boba places in the 626 area. Hands down better than #1 boba spot or whatever its called. Tea station is another decent boba spot in chinatown, but since it cost an arm and a leg it comes in second place when stacked against QQ. Long story short: Pros:1. Super friendly boss with excellent customer service2. Very flexible with requests when you want it done a certain way, never said no to any of my requests3. SUPER CHEAP4. Fast and can order over the phone5. Great environment and easy parking access for boba addicts6. Always provided me a stamp card without asking since opening dayCon:1. Runs short on boba on busy days (as expected since their boba is fresh)2. Stopped serving one of the more popular coffee drink (overheard a friend complaining about it, so not too sure)Verdict: Highly highly recommended. Its less than 5 bucks even with a super cup, totally worth a visit.
4	interior is pretty minimalist but clean. service is very friendly but can get really busy and backed up at times. the quality of boba/drinks are OK for chinatown standards, good for henderson standards. value is excellent. nice to have a place like qq in henderson.
5	The boboa here is good. I do a almond milk tea - green tea with honey boboa. It's got a nice sofa to sit and the staff is pleasant. A great find
5	I love it here!!! This is THE boba place to go to in Henderson. Their honey boba is delish and their drinks are well made! When unsure about what to decide on green tea vs. black tea or sesame boba vs. honey boba..they'll make a suggestion. And their suggestions never let you down! The service is pretty quick and friendly. I love it here! Almond milk (green) tea with honey boba is my favvvooorrriiittteee.
4	I had my reservations coming back on my second trip to QQ Boba. I will always check out a place if I hear only good things about them. And, for some strange reason, I will check out a place if I only hear bad things about them (as long as it's not food poisoning related). But for me, If I hear good things, as well as bad things, this is just me... more than likely, I will NOT try out that place. I was curioius about QQ Boba, but I won't tell you why, it's a secret. A secret I will take with me into the grave, HAHA. But, here we go.I first found out about this place from some buds who heard about a new boba place that had opened near my home, about a year ago. I was sick and tired of going to No. 1 Boba on Eastern because I didn't like the bubble tea there. And you know, sometimes I didn't feel like driving to Spring Mountain road just for drinks.On my first trip, I ordered an avocado smoothie with boba. I thought that the flavor was OK, but what I didn't like was the large chunks of ice that were littered throughout my drink. Also, the boba was super soft, almost in a melty way. I was like "Pass". Another thing that I couldn't understand was the fact, at that time, there were three people working in the shop. And there was only 1 other customer in front of me. So why did it take 15 minutes to receive my drink? I was pretty torn about reviewing them at the time.So, fast forwarding almost a year, and I'm back! Not really... because I had never left. In case you didn't know, QQ follows the same business model as the legendary Half and Half bubble tea houses that are fixtures in LA. So, that means you can get your ice milk fix here. I haven't seen a lot of bubble tea stores in Vegas carry this drink. What is ice milk you ask? Well basically, it's a slush of plain milk. If you are more of a fan of boba, and want to taste the quality of boba, then ice milk is the way to go because it's plain, and it doesn't muddle the taste of boba like some milk teas and fruit smoothies do. That's what I ordered this time.(Before I begin, I have to agree with fellow reviewers.. The price for the drinks are fanastico!! The prices are similar to Half and Half tea house. A 32 ounce set me back a little bit over 5).Ice milk with caramel, boba, and egg pudding - the ice milk itself was OK. I have the same complaint as with the avocado smoothie from a year ago, there were chunks of ice pieces that weren't completely mixed into the drink. The texture of the ice milk at Half and Half's is very refined, it is more of a shattered crystal-like texture. The texture of QQ's is just like a normal smoothie. I really liked the caramel at QQ, it's probably one of the few spots in town that make their caramel from scratch, rather than using a bottled mix. It was a little bit too sweet for me, but, I enjoyed the bitter caramel undertones that you can only get from a in-house made caramel. And finally, the boba. This was interesting because initially I thought the boba was too mushy, just like last time. But the owner told me to shake it. I don't like doing that, but I was like "what the hell?", so I did it. Within a minute, all the boba had tightened up, and it tasted pretty good. I thought the egg pudding had a nice texture, and it tasted good as well.The service here was a LOT better. Ironically, there was only 1 person working this time, but I able to get my drink in about a minute and half. Ironic.If I had never been to Half and Half tea house, then QQ would have gotten 4.5 stars from me. But since I have been there, 4 stars seem appropriate. It's tough, but Half and Half is still the "Hanzo sword" of the boba world, the one one that all others are compared too. But I thought QQ did a pretty good job, and I'm sure that I'll be back!
5	The real number 1 boba The owner Robert makes fresh tea and boba every morning. He is the Mr. Boba. I love their iced milk drinks, so I can still sleep at night. Their smoothies are also very flavorful and fine.
4	Hands down the best boba place in vegas! We live in southwest but are more than willing to come all the way here just for boba. Their iced teas are always just right, never too sweet nor too bitter, and their milk teas are always on point. Only down side is that it could really get busy at times, but understandably so since there usually is just one guy taking the orders and making the drinks. He is always very nice and apologetic for the wait, though, so it never hinders us from getting our boba fix here. Would rather keep coming back to this place even if it is a little bit of a drive, rather than to make do with cefiore or other places closer to us.
