3	not a lot of healthier items.
4	Good subs, no need to believe any negative reviews on this place! Try the turkey bacon ranch or the bbq brisket or pastrami. There are not many good places to eat in Santan Valley, but this is one of them!
5	Great subs, lots of meat, quick service.  This place is not over priced and makes a quality sub.  The soda machine that lets you choose your flavors is a nice touch.
3	My go to sub is the club sub. I find the flavors to be very good. I have them toast the bread twice and it gives it a nice crunch on the outside. The only reason I didn't give it 4 stars is due to the service. I like to order online and then go to the store to pick it up. On 3 occasions now they have not started the order until I show up and ask for it. The 2nd time this happened I questioned them and they told me it is better to call in the order and avoid using the online system. It doesn't seem like good business to not be able to manage the online ordering system. Tonight it happened again, they did not start the order until I arrived and indicated I had an internet order. This prompted them to check their printer and grab the order. If they could somehow implement a system to manage online orders I would be happy to change to 4 stars.
4	Better than subway and jimmy johns. It's not exactly a fresh from the deli mom and pop sandwich shop, but it fills the void, tastier than Quiznos and Burger King, and very friendly staff. I've eaten at the san tan valley store and the Mesa one on power. Nothing but great things to say about the staff. The Mesa store handles large crowds very well during the lunch rush. The San Tan Valley store is quiet and clean and the food is good. All in all very good for what it is. Pricey food, but you get what ya pay for minus making a sub yourself. Definitely gonna be a repeat customer
3	In short: Meh. Just meh.On a Sunday with only 3 people in the place it took about 20 minutes. I would not come here if I was in a hurry. Staff was blank-eyed teen boys so I didn't expect much in the way of service. I ordered the Hero - the meat had good flavor, and there was a good amount of it. In the center. As you get to each end it tapers down the just bread. The cheese had zero flavor. The meat seems like it's been steamed, and the bread got soggy as I was finishing. They got my request for no mayo right, but shorted me the included pickle. My girl ordered the Hook & Ladder Light - she received the regular version but thought it was good. I'll probably try it again, hopefully it's better since choices are limited out here.
3	We go here every Thursday night after softball and baseball practice.  It's the best place in the area, I think.  I have actually said "I could eat here 3 nights a week". But this last time we were there two things happened that made me question whether or not we will there this Thursday.  First, there was girl wiping things down.  That's great, but she used the same "rag" to wipe the soda machine, the counter, the trashes and the tables.  Ummm, why would you clean the trash lid with the same cloth you are going to wipe off the table with? GROSS.  this was while we were waiting for our sandwiches (I hope she changed her gloves).  After eating for a little bit, my husband grabbed the other half of our daughters sandwich and three bites in, he pulled a long dark hair out of his teeth and mouth.  GAGGING!!!   I have long hair and so does my daughter, but there is no way it was ours, especially three manly bites into the sandwich.  (there was a girl behind the counter with a long, dark ponytail)Kinda grossed out for now.  Love the subs, just not happy with the extra yuck they gave us this last visit.Hope they can look into this and fix it right away.
1	What is Americas fascination with mayo?  My first experience with this chain was at a different location and was nothing short of extreme health code violation.  After much convincing, I tried our local site.   I ordered the veggie with no tomato and no mayo.  The cashier placed the order correctly, only to arrive Homs and find my dinner smothered in mayo?  Sorry, I am just not interested in having a egg base jizz lookalike all over my food. Never again
5	The service and food is great! My wife and I eat here often and highly recommend it for anyone who loves a great sandwich. Another plus is The restaurant is always clean.
5	Nothing negative at all about this place. Great food, great service ANNNNDDD....a vegetarian sub, that was amazing!!!!!!!!! Clean, fun, fresh...unbeatable!
5	We're new to the area and decided to stop in and grab some subs on a recent Saturday afternoon.  The store was actually pretty empty but it was a bit before 12pm.  They have a lot of seating/tables and everything seemed very clean.  While we looked over the menu a gentleman working behind the counter asked if this was our first time visiting a Firehouse subs, which it was.  He explained the menu in detail along with combos and specials and was overall very friendly and helpful.  On top of that, our sandwiches were great!!  We will be comin back!
