4	A smaller store than I've been to in other towns...but despite that and all the company from birthday parties on a Saturday night, I had great fun with my 4-yr-old grandson. Lots of age-appropriate games for the little guys...and the tube to crawl around in and slide down was one of his favorites!
3	This was a very clean place but the service was not that great. When it was time for the birthday song the server did not have the cake out. Also she was asking us questions while were trying to take pictures of our child with the top cheese Chuckie.
1	Gross, gross, gross!  Did I mention GROSS???  Seriously, every single surface in this place seemed to be sticky or dirty.  At least half of the tables hadn't been cleared and the booths were covered in half eaten pizza and soda.  About a third of the games/rides weren't functioning and just ate my son's tokens.  And the pizza was the pits.  Seriously, Little Caesar's $5 pizza tastes better than what this place served us.  We went on a Thursday evening (around 5pm) and were totally disgusted.  I do not recommend this place to anyone.  The $30 that we spent here were a total waste and we wound up grabbing dinner somewhere else after leaving.
1	About 40% of games broken, this location used to be fun now u gamble when u put a quarter in any machine. Good luck. If it was not for my daughter I would never set foot inside this place. I would rather pay 20 dollars for games at Peter Pipper and atleast ALL the game will work. Thumbs down. I guess the creator of Chucky Cheese does not care if its franchise drowns.
1	I hate this place and I don't like to use the word "hate". It's a crime what they charge for pizza in comparison to what you get, it's awful and they should be ashamed to serve it. Many of the games were not working, the place was disgustingly dirty and the staff all seemed like they hated the place as much as I do. Whenever one of my kids gets invited to a birthday party at Chuck E Cheese's I cringe, I'd rather shoot myself in the foot with a .22 than go back to this rip-off...
3	You don't go here for the food, you go here because it gives the kids something to do inside.  I love to come on a weekday, first thing in the morning with a good book. I order pizza and let the kids play while I read. Perfect for the last days of summer when its 115* out.
5	You people giving one star reviews for the pizza, are you kidding? This place is not for you, it is for YOUR KIDS.... The pizza is dry, the prizes are terrible, the price is high, its a great Chuck E Cheese's. We come here often for play dates with families in our group and always leave happy.
4	We've been coming here since my oldest was 4 (or was she 3?). She's 12 now. My youngest is 6 and he wants his 7th birthday here in December. Clean, reliable fun. Easy way to entertain your kids without moving around much yourself (once your kids are schoolagers).If you don't want pizza, order the salad bar!  The food was surprisingly fresh and good!  Now they have chicken sandwiches and chicken bites on the menu.  I don't know about all that, I just know I liked the salad bar.  I think it's cool that they offer these other food options for parents.Keep socks on your kids' feet.  I'm not sure how often they shampoo the carpets.  My kids' socks are usually black on the bottom by the time we leave. This doesn't surpise me.  It's not a knock on their cleanliness at all.  Their bathrooms were in really good condition. Just keep socks on your feet is all.I can sit.  They can play.  I'm a fan.
1	Pretty disappointed in chuckie cheese! I used to go to one in Simi Valley California growing up and that place was super fun and super huge! I walked into this one and was like "What the heck?!" It was so small and could totally pass for a dirtier version of peter piper pizza. Was so disappointed! Not to mention when I ordered a pizza, they seemed to have "forgotten" about it and we waited a good hour and a half until I had to ask someone where the heck it was! Pizza was as I remembered though. They need more games for the kids!!!! And more prize selections! Probably wont go back ):
2	My kids love this place, just as much as I hate it. The food is worthless cardboard pizza. I spend to much money on ticket games. They need to step it up and actually get video games instead of token games. My wife claims the salad bar has given her food poisoning twice. Yet we keep coming back cause the kids love it. The stupid things we do for those that we love.
3	I am split 50/50 on Chuck E Cheese's here is my breakdown:Pizza: I am pretty sure they have the worst tasting pizza that you will ever have....ever! That being said little kids seem to love it. The only reason we ever go to Chuck E Cheese's is for the kids so if they love it, i can force it down. Games:Their games is what makes it, every game is 1 token that is a huge win! You are defiantly getting the most bang for your buck when it comes to the arcade games. Safety:They stamp your parties hand when you come in and make sure you have the same stamp when you exit. That way one of you kids do not go running off with another party. We always feel safe having them running around.Over all:Kids love it that is way we come back!
2	The only reason this received 2 stars is because of management. They would've gotten one, but management was good to us. The pizza wasn't great, but edible. I realize this place is for kids, but they obviously can't write a review, let's be serious. Many of the games that we played were barely functional. Several ski ball machines weren't even dispensing tickets. Another game didn't even dispense the balls that were required to play the game. I'd rather not go back to this establishment if I have a choice.
2	My kids love this place and it's a great deal for tokens if you have a coupon. Otherwise, it is way overpriced.  My take... food is pretty bad, wings are well, let me put it this way, imagine you microwave a handful of Dyno-bites chicken nuggets, toss it in some sauce and try to pass that as boneless wings...yeah, that bad.Everytime we go, I swear it's the last time.  The machines work about half the time, whether they are out of tickets, swallow tokens, etc.  Trying to find an employee to fix it, is next to impossible, by the time they show up, kids have forgotten about it so their tickets are lost and so is the token.  The hand stamping at the entrance is a double edge sword. On one side, kids can't leave, but on the other... parents DO!  This last time we went, there were these kids basically stealing tickets, tokens, etc from other kids, climbing on the equipment (cheating), they were told I don't know how many times to stop.  Myself and another parent got fed up with these little punks, frustrated unable to find these kids parents... We complained about it, we were told... "oh yeah, those kids have been here for a while, they won't stop or listen, I think they were dropped off", so, why don't you call the cops??? You can't just drop off your kids and leave!  I wouldn't say it's "dirty" in the sense of being neglected.  That is one thing I do see, is somewhere always walking around wiping things down, but still doesn't fix the fact some people are just gross, walking around with food and greasy hands, leaving it everywhere sometimes it falls in the games... kids walking around with food in their mouths (taking big bites and realize it's too big of a bite while playing a game and spitting out), again, comes down to lack of oversight by parents...  Employees are polite and patient (you have to be to work here), I would say is bad customers who ruin the experience... One group of them is enough to ruin many other family's experience.  Maybe asking people causing trouble to leave??? I mean they do it in bars and restaurants, why not a kids play place??? Just a thought.
3	Not sure why ppl are saying they have bad pizza because it was pretty good to me.  However, I am debating whether the childhood nostalgia memories are kicking in.  From what I remember as a child I loved the pizza here! We came on a weekday for dinner, felt weird cause 2 adults, hahah whatever no shame.  We got a pizza and the wings, both were sooo good! The games are pretty old because I remember playing them as a child.. can't really comment on anything else except they have REALLY SLOW SERVICE.  It took 10 mins for someone to come to the front.  After dinner we relived our childhood days by playing the games, full and happy.  We'd probably come again for the pizza and wings
2	The only reason this gets 2 stars is because my kids love this place. The pizza is Terrible. The games pretty crappy and run down many of them not working properly.  Why can't places for kids serve better quality food?
2	This is going to be short and simple! The only plus side to this place is the games and the security at the door. Other than that, its dirty, the staff is unorganized, the prices for food and tokens is pretty high and last the food is awful tasting! I don't mind spending a pretty penny on my son having a good time, but I would like a little bang for my buck. At least Peter Piper has decent tasting pizza and wings. Chuck E Cheese's has no flavor to their wings and their pizza taste like cardboard. The family packs, where you get a pizza wings and tokens, not worth it! I spent over $60 for a large pizza, wings and tokens for 4 people! Jeeeeesh!!! I think this is a no-go for us in the future.
5	This place sucks, like really bad! But, the kids love it and this review is in honor of them. The food is awful! Only half the games work, the other half eat your tokens and doesn't dispense tickets. Chuck E and his friends couldn't be more "cheesy", the birthday show is lame as all get out, Chuck E can be terrifying (just ask my near 2 year old), and the prizes are totally lame too. All in all, a great place to bring the kids to give them a great time! Personally, I believe Peter Piper is way better, only problem is their pizza is actually pretty decent and that coupled with the decent lunch buffet, prepare to defend yourself against an army of seniors looking for a cheap meal and a large place where they can all gather and elbow our darling kids out of they way in their pursuit of the last slice of desert pizza. You don't ever have to worry about crowds or flocks of seniors at good old Chuck E's! When the children are polled and Chuck E is the resounding reply, Chuck E it is! The way I see it, the kids, they are never able to make too many decisions at this young age, so let us empower them and take them to DINGY Chuck E Cheese's when they request it!
1	Completely filthy,false advertising, unfriendly staff, outrageous pricing. ...NEVER AGAIN
