5	I made sure to make an appointment so that I'd be seen at a specific time or so I thought. The reality is that an appointment is no guarantee that you'll even be seen. The receptionist told me that the wait is 1.5 - 2 hours. That to me is crap. I'd have been better off waiting a couple weeks to see my regular dentist.Despite the long wait however I was pleasantly surprised by the low cost of services and the fact that those services could be performed that afternoon. The problem that I had was a molar that was giving me shooting pains that were excruciating. I thought it was a molar on the bottom left. In fact it was a molar on the top left. It was proven to me by the dentist when he touched it with a probe that felt like a red hot poker. I was crying. The pain was that intense. I knew it had to come out but I didn't know how long I would have to wait. Surprisingly the answer was 15 minutes. There was some small pain when the novocaine was administered but none when the tooth was extracted. I now have a new dentist!
3	I woke up with a BAD toothache..NO warning. I knew this Clinic was close by. I called for appt, they said come right in. Of course, they collect $$$ first. They could tell I was in HORRIBLE pain and I got seen fairly quick. Xray showed my tooth had a large cavity. Next thing a DDS appears with a syringe and LOOONG needle and says, "Open wide!" I stopped him...WTH?? I'm older, want to KEEP as many teeth as possible for as long as possible! Suggested we try antibiotic/pain meds 1st. THANKFULLY he did that and I still have that tooth (1.5yrs later). Everyone polite, but I could see $$$ was #1. As their name says they are there to serve a good purpose...EMERGENCY Dental Clinic. They're open 7dys/week, too. Not horribly expensive. I would go back.
2	i was referred here by another dentist because they thought Emergency Dentist had a lab on site.  I had a tooth that needed replacing immediately.  After an exam i was told it would take 7-10 days to receive my flipper, it was being sent to a lab.  After following up on the 7 & 8 day and nothing had arrived for me I called on day 11 and was told 2-3 weeks.  After conversing with Robin she followed up with the lab and would have my flipper overnight delivery with guarantee delivery of 10:30.  That would be Christmas Eve.  So much for guarantee, by 2 pm i receivrd a call.  I received my flipper.  It doesn't match the shape or color of my other teeth.  Not happy at all with the lab work.
