5	$10 for pick up load. No long lines at dump. No long dirt roads to dump site. Unloaded under shade. Go here if in AJ!!
1	I choose this company because it was local and I'd rather give my money to small business. But working with Waste Management was much easier and RELIABLE!!! For several months the driver for recyclables wouldn't pick up. When you call to ask for pickup they can't do it until the following week so 5 out of 6 weeks we had no pickup. Now my trash pickup is the same..... you call and complain and they say it will be next week. Claudia (office manager) said they no longer wanted me as a customer!!    In this economy you would think that they would want more customers.  I wouldn't complain if someone would do their job!!!
1	If I could give negative stars I would.  Horrible customer service, they are rude and nasty.  One person Michelle said maybe I should take my meds and then hung up on me.  They pick up trash in my neighbor hood, I am a renter, trash is provided by the homeowner who is now in foreclosure and not paying her bills.  RAD stopped my trash service and would not allow me the renter to start my own service unless I paid the past due balance of the homeowner.  They said because I used the service I should pay for it even though the service was set up in the homeowners name and delinquent by the homeowner.  Now I have weeks of trash piling up at my house and have to find someplace else to dump my trash!!
5	Right Away Disposal offer a great service and are very friendly.  They offer great customer service and exceptional service.  If I could give them 10 stars I would.
1	This company just does not have it together.  Frequently missing our trash and recycle pick-ups.  I have to call and ask them to please return for pick-up but that works rarely.  Usually we are stuck waiting until the following week.  The last time they failed to pick-up our recycle bin three weeks in a row (and our trash for one of those weeks).  Called several times but no luck getting someone out.  Trash service should be so easy it's something you don't even think about, Right Away Disposal makes it a nightmare.
1	I have used them with no complaints for the last couple years but today i get an automated message telling me my service has changed from 2 days a week pick up down to one day,I called the office and asked since they are cutting my service by 50 percent are they cutting my bill as well?  A snarky no was the answer. This is whats wrong with our country, companies just screwing the general public because they can.
1	I signed up for RAD a month ago, and was told they offered two pickups a week.  WITHOUT EVEN NOTIFYING ME, they just stopped picking up on Tuesday.  After my full trashcan just sat out ignored on two occasions, I called in.  I was told they only do one pickup now, even though the cost is the same.I'm pretty annoyed that thy charged me for 3 months of twice a week service, and didn't provide it.   I'm even more annoyed they didn't feel the need to even let me know.  If they were upfront with me on sign up, I would've been fine.  My issue is that I received half of what I paid for.  If this was the plan, why did they keep that from me when I signed up?  By the same principle, could they just stop servicing my area altogether and keep my payment since apparently their agreements mean next to nothing?That is not an honest way to do business.  Pay two or thee dollars more and go with someone you can trust.
1	Be careful when you google them the time they show open at 6am.  They don't open until 6:30am.  Genius working there would not allow us to weigh in, even though scale was working and start our yard waste off loading.  He made us  pull out of the facility until 6:30 even though gates were open.  Jeremy the guys boss and crew drive garbage trucks for a living so can't expect to much.
1	Customer Service is horrible....that is...if you can even get ahold of an agent over the phone.  I left a message several times for a can replacement....no return phone call. Have sat on the phone , waiting for an agent to take the call several  times.... The drivers are great and this is the reason I provide 1 star. Otherwise, their customer service agents are worthless and they deserve no accolades.
5	I just wanted to say thank you. It was my mistake not putting my recycle can out on time and the driver came back hours later to get it without me even asking.  Your service is the best!!!!  I recommend RAD to anyone in the area. Great job guys! I left a message giving the driver an at-ta-boy and thank you.  PS I'll have my can out on time from now on.
1	I have been with them for years. They got so big now its all about money. They cut the service to once a week raised the price's. Customer service is horrible tried to call them yesterday to cancel 11 calls a head of me. Wrote an e mail to pick up containers that I am canceling my service was informed there is a $20.00 fee for the pick up. REALLY its all about money for this company now. Trash is all over the street they don't care anymore. " GOT TO BIG FOR THE BRITCHES."Go with Republic at least you can get a hold of someone and they are pleasant not rude. They are cheaper to
