5	Excellent very comprehensive. Great dentist in a field where it's hard to find a good practitioner.
5	Thank you for an incredible job. Your staff is so nice and you are extremely professional not only with taking great care of the necessities, but also cosmetically. You are a rare gem on both sides. It was nice o move here from Ohio and find you just down the street. Anyone looking for a well rounded dentist to be not only gentle but an expert in his field cannot go wrong in coming to your practice.
1	I was in there for a simple cleaning and exam. an hour and a half later, no cleaning but I did get the hard sell from the "business manager" Michelle who proposed a 5 page, year long treatment plan. I have no problems with my teeth yet they insisted I needed scalar planing under anesthesia TWICE. I said I'm here for a cleaning. the business manager said "we can't do that.". I walked out and promptly got a friend referral to another dentist. the new dentist called Abbott's office 3 times for my x-rays that were never sent, causing a delay in getting in to see the new dentist  They were finally emailed to me after I called Michelle and told her we could have a discussion in the office or she could send them immediately. Oddly enough, despite Abbott's staff finding ALL 3s and 4s in my gums, my new dentist found ONE - everything else 1s and 2s. Abbott and his business manager just want to sell services. Oh yeah, I mentioned that I got migraine headaches about once every 2-3 months, and they insisted I needed to see a specialist who they recommended for a custom mouth guard and yep, a long-term treatment plan. Amazing.
1	I don't think Dr Abbott is a dentist anymore but since recently I've been having more problems with the work he did I thought I would leave a review here just in case he is somewhere still a dentist. after my x ray they found that I had 9 cavities that needed to be filled. now I thought that was a little fishy since I had never had huge problems with my teeth but everyone in the office insisted I get those fillings. I did them through a span of about 3 months because I didn't want to get 9 fillings in one day obviously. not long after I got the fillings I started getting headaches and mouth aches because they didn't drill down enough where they put the filling so it was like having an extra hard thing between my teeth every time I bite down so I went in and they fixed it and all was well...or so I thought.about a week after that one of the fillings came out while I was chewing gum. I went in and got a new one put in but it was pain that I suffered and time that I will not get back because of dr Abbotts horrible dental work. recently (about 2 years after getting the fillings) another one just fell out and I am going to a new dentist to get it fixed because he sucks!!!!!!
