5	This is the best pizza and wings ever. I used to go to Native New Yorker for cheap wings, but these are soo much better. I love how saucy they are and not too fatty. The pizza does not skimp on cheese like most places. I've only gotten carry out so I'm not sure how great the delivery service is. I believe this is a not a chain and you can tell by the quality of the food. The place is usually busy so dont expect individual service but it is all worth it.
5	Friday nights are usually laid back, chill nights.  It's also pizza night at our house.  My daughter loves black olive pizza.  Barro"s is one of the few places that offer individual pizzas and deliver.  Me, I am more of a pepperoni fan so my daughter gets what she likes and I get what I like. This is not thin, New York style pizza.  The crust is substansial but not thick.  Their small house salad is very good too.  Everything has always been fresh and hot when it was delivered and in less time than they stated when I ordered.  Their customer service has always been good and I rarely have had to wait on the phone when I have called on a Friday night.  That is aces in my book since, by Friday night, all I really want to do is sleep.
1	Before reaming these guys, I will start by saying I really appreciated the Friday night quick delivery and thought the wings were good.  With that said...If you like thick doughy pizza, defrosted translucent-wilted salad, and rude customer service from a manager by the name of Kendra, then BOY do we have a pizza place for you.Pretty much, everyone knows that salad is one of the riskiest items on any menu, being one of the biggest bacteria carriers.  Our disappointment with this order began with what we found in the garden salad container.My wife, being ServSafe certified, noticed a significant portion of lettuce (which seemed to have been frozen and thawed) which was translucent and visually unappealing.   We've posted the photos so you can see for yourself, but unfortunately Yelp removed them on 12/14/12 because "...your photos looked more like they captured your personal experience".  Umm k.My wife phoned to bring this to the attention of a manager.  She politely explained that they may want to check their salad, to keep other customers safe, and requested a refund (for the price of the salad only).  I listened in, and can confirm how polite she was.  The manager, Kendra, wanted to give us credit instead.My wife explained that we don't plan on ordering from Barro's in the future, and would just like the salad price refunded.  The obviously annoyed Kendra replied "OK!" and then hung the phone up.  No apology, no thanks for reporting potentially out of temperature food.  Nothing but the echo of a dial tone in our receiver.The pizza tasted good, but the texture is accommodating to those who prefer a thick and doughy crust.There are too many other pizza places to put up with potentially tainted food and substandard customer service.  No thanks Barro's.
5	Its hard to find Gluten Free pizza near our house thats good and affordable - who'd have thunk it was right down the road. This place is suprisingly big and nice, with plenty of TV's for sports games and good sized beer - highly recommended!
5	I have just moved to the area from NY and was setting myself up to "retrain" my love of pizza to the (potentially horrible) Arizona version of my favorite snack-meal.  I have lived in Nevada previously, and was unable in 5 years there to locate anything even close to the YUMMY I was looking for, so I wrote Phoenix into the same "Southwest" category..  not anything you can complain about, just a feeling of anticipated disappointment.Then, we got the "coupon envelope" for new residents, and had just returned from a week in SD, so no food in the house and NO desire to go shopping and cook! I found Barro's and got the XL Pizza with 1/2 sausage and 1/2 tomatoes, and 2 Doz wings (Honey Hot).  The young woman who answered my call and took my questions and order with patience was an absolute PLEASURE to speak with.  The prices were impressive and the delivery man arrived WELL before expected - all smiles, as well.  THEN came the DELIGHT~ the pizza was delicious. The sauce had amazing flavor (I wouldve loved extra of it, which I'll remember for next time) and the crust was fluffy and crispy at the same time! That's not easy to pull off!  Last, the wings were cooked near perfectly (considering we didn't go eat there, they had a little "travel time" leeway) and the wing sauce was more than I had even hoped for!  Honey, yes - but not actually "sweet" since the "Hot" part of it gave me this phenomenally enjoyable kick in the pants after I swallowed each meaty juicy bite.All I can say - don't knock AZ pizza until you try Barro's!
5	Gluten Free Pizza!  For those that need/want it, Barro's has it.  I have discovered a new taste treat for my pizza.  Pepperoni, Pinapple, and......wait for it......BACON!  Yes, it is soooo yummy!  And Barro's makes a killer pizza.  I have gone to dine in a few times now and the first time I went in I was suprised at how big it is.  There is a large back room and a great little "kid's korner" with a long table and chairs and a flat screen TV on the wall.  The kids sit and eat their pizza and they can watch Nick or the Disney Channel.  My daughter loves it!  This is a great place to hang out, have a pizza and relax.
4	We had just gotten effed over by Dominos, which wasn't where we wanted to go anyway (but we had a free pizza, see my Dominos review), so we went to Barro's. We went in there and the super friendly girl at the counter tells us it's only going to be about 15 mins max for the order of wings and the pizza we placed. Awesome.We went across the street to get a Redbox movie while we were waiting.Go back in and it was packed (we somehow had missed the crowd) and the girl remembers us and gets our order for us and we were out the door in 15 mins flat.We had ordered a large pineapple & pepperoni pizza and a 12pc order of medium wings.Everything was delicious! I'm actually very glad that Dominos sucks-a$$ because we went here instead.  I know exactly where I'll be going for pizza next time. I wanted to take pics, but we were so famished we mowed through the wings and half of the pizza before I realized I should have taken pics. Ooops! Sorry. Next time for sure!Nom nom nom.
4	Their thin crust pizza is really good.  The crust is a little thicker and "doughier" than most, and the sauce is very tasty. If you like hot wings, try their hot wing pizza...it's pretty good!I also thought their hot wings were pretty good for a pizza joint.  Their boneless wings were so-so.Overall, it's one of the better pizza places in the East Valley.
5	Gluten free bbq chicken pizza is awesome!  It's almost always perfect!  A time or so my crust was not crisp.  They have a nice terriyaki chicken gf pizza too.  My kids can get pepperoni regular pizza so everyone is happy
5	Best.pizza.ever. I am in love with Barros, their food is always fresh and delicious, way better in flavor than other chains and probably better than most mom and pops. i will never eat pizza from another place, it doesn't taste the same.
4	Food is consistently good and they have a great lunch special.  It's a good little pizza place that is pretty convenient when going out with few or several people.
5	Barros is my favorite pizza joint in town. We frequent this location for lunch. $4 for two slices and a drink. C'mon, you can't beat that.  Their crust is delicious, generous toppings and it just tastes damn good everytime. Go there and get the meat trio and kick back watching ESPN. The slam and negative comments below from Brett B crack me up. That dude is way off. Why does he have 59 check-ins here if he only gave the place one star?
5	veggie pizza is pretty insane...
4	SOOOO me being the creepy 21 year old haha. The Hostess or front desk girls.. are alsways really pretty. Everyone there seems to be really nice also. ALaways deals sent out for their pretty good pizza. And I even use to work at  a pizza place back in Ohio. I even liked their wings i got on superbowl.
5	Lunch special is awesome.The BBQ Chicken Pizza is the bomb.Gina and Bruce, you need to get on Veebow. That's Valarie Bertinelli's company.
4	Well I be a monkey's uncle....this deep dish pizza is great. We got the meat pizza....deep dish style...wow it was great. These kids sure know how to make a pizza.
1	I eat at Barros all the time all over the valley and this has to be the worst location. For lunch the lunch specials are .50 cents more than the west valley. I know it's two brothers I guess one is greedy over the other. Every time I get slices here they are always over cooked and cold. There is no quality assurance at all the other ones I goto the manager always comes by and asks how everything is this one just has some flirty girls to take your order and stand around and talk to each other instead of making sure the tables are clean in the dinning area. Eat here if you may but I wouldn't recommend it and I have tried over 10 times to get good pizza here.
2	My husband and I decided to try Barros pizza again after a year of eatting Grimaldis pizza. I love Barros pizza sause, and that is the only reason why I give them a 2 star rating. I ordered a large pepperoni pizza with extra sause and mushrooms on half. I drove all the way home and opened the pizza only to see that it was not my pizza. I called and was put on hold so the manager could be found. The manager came on the line and told me that she would remake the pizza. Once I got the new pizza only to see it was my original pizza. It was cold and soggy. I will not go back to barros again. Its worth it to me to pay extra for Grimaldis. At least I know my pizza will new fresh and I never receive the wrong pizza.
5	Awesome! Great pizza!
4	Another good pizza find in Phoenix. A nice, thicker crust, lots of sauce, and crispy pepperoni. We ordered this in to our hotel room and had a perfect, air-conditioned evening in.
5	We ordered delivery. The customer service from both the phone and the delivery guy was great and the order did arrive within the estimated delivery time (about 25 minutes). The pizza was delicious. They are not stingy with their toppings and the veggies were very fresh. The marinara tasted homemade and the breadsticks with cheese were wonderful. Considering the quality of food and service the price was very economical. We won't be ordering pizza for delivery from anywhere else from now on and we look forward to trying the other menu options (wings, sandwiches, salads) in the future.
4	Now this is a pizza place!!! Very good and very well priced. Wings aren't "the best" out there, but they are the best wings I have tried at a pizza joint. Very good spot or pizza
2	The last 3 times we tried this, after our initial time (which I can only think was a fluke of luck) our delivery arrived over 2 ours after we ordered it and it was cold, all three times! Why get delivery pizza if it would literally take less time to go to the grocery store and come home and make a pizza from scratch! Very disappointed. To top that off, the woman who took our order on two occasions got it wrong and that is after being asked to repeat it back to her several times. She was also rude and impatient and seemed distracted. Maybe that is why she didn't hear our order the first 3 times I said it. This place just isn't worth the hassle, the wait, and the rude customer service.
3	From out of town looking for a place to grab lunch with my husband. Saw this place had decent reviews on here so I thought we should try it out. The restaurant itself was clean and cool (temperature) with only a few people eating when we got there, about 1 pm on a Saturday. Prestin and I both got a #2 lunch special (2 pieces if pizza and a drink) but I could have gotten one piece, they were big and thick. We spent just over 10$ each getting a side of ranch for $.50 a piece. The reason I gave this place -2 stars is because the pizza tasted old (both pepperoni and Hawaiian), it was obviously handmade (what we looking for) but it had been sitting in the warmer for at least a couple hours. The cheese was congealed and not melty and had hardened strings where other pieces had been taken out of the pie. The edge of my pepperoni was hard and crusty, like it had been sitting out and gotten stale.The pizza crust itself was tasty but heavy, more like a baguette texture. I'm sure this pizza would have been great if it was fresh, unfortunately we didn't get to taste it that way.
3	Tried to check in but it said I was 6 miles away from this location??? Anyway, $1.75 lunch for a slice of pizza.  Can't beat it!
5	Just moved to Arizona and we found our "go to" pizza place! Not only is the pizza perfect in every way, it is reasonably priced. And they deliver!
2	Their pizza isn't always fantastic if you order a lunch special but thats to be expected since it is a lunch special and it's not cooked right when you order it. My last visit there was pretty bad, as I was halfway through eating my meal, I noticed a couple of cockroaches under a table a few seats down from me.  1 cock roach was dead, the other one was hanging out with his dead buddy.  Needless to say, I may have overreacted a bit, but my food just began to taste awful (Yes I know thats just in my head) and I had to throw my food away and leave.  I'm sure they'll improve next time but I don't feel as though I'll be returning for a little while.
3	Their pizza is average. Typically was to greasy. They do deliver fast and always have friendly staff. Their wings are good.
1	Completely unorganized staff who are not trained in customer service. I arrived to pick up my takeout order and had to wait 20 minutes before they told me they didn't have the sauce I ordered for my wings. I sat  and listened to them argue about who was going to call me to tell me about the sauce not being available. When they finally asked who I was they scrambled to figure out what to do. I was given a portion of my money back but ended up having my pizza held warm as I waited for the wing situation to be resolved. Unfortunately, this isn't the first time this has happened. We used to order pizza from this location every Friday but I think we will be looking for a new "go to" pizza place.
3	Safe to say I am a fan..  I prefer it much better than Papa Johns or the like.   While I wouldn't  say it is the best pizza ever I'd easily give it 3.5 stars.  While I have never eaten inside the restaurant since we always do carry out I never have any complaints.  Service is always excellent and the food is always consistent.  Not much more I can ask for.  Plus it's pizza even if its bad it's still not too bad. . .  Wings are also pretty good.  They can get pretty busy at this location and if you want delivery wait time can be over 45min.  But I will say; Barros is above the rest when it comes to quick pizza take out.
