3	This place smells bad. So you know the food is good. We only discover Vietnames places when my boyfriend's Vietnamese mom is in town. We've probably passed by Pho Nhu Y on Spring Mountain a thousand times. We always go to neighboring Ichiza, Zizzy's, and Z2, but have never popped in to Nhu Y. We popped in a couple days ago for pho, but they have a okazuya (I don't know what the Viet equivalent would be) type set up where you can order take out. I always like pho, but my bf, the pho connoisseur likes Pho Saigon 8's broth the best. He said Nhu Y's is decent. But for take out, we ordered -- and I don't know the names of anything, pardon -- some mackerel-looking fish in a black bean sauce and these huge prawns in an orange sauce that I was told is saffron based. Now, I've never had saffron, so I can't argue yay or nay that it was real saffron ... but those prawns were damn good. I was just snacking at home, eatting rice and drizzling the orange sauce over it. That was awesome good. Then I ate one of the prawns. Those things were larger than my palm. They didn't feel fresh, but it was all about that friggin' awesome orange sauce. The prawns were $4 per, but worth it. They have a little market where you can buy Viet and Chinese confections, including gin dui (Chinese mochi), which I am definitely going back for. They also sell Viet beef jerky and sauces and crackers and stuff. The prices were reasonable. You could buy French-style Viet sammiches for like $2.50. The service ... is Asian service. Kind of curt and to the point.* off the strip, non-casino
3	This is your classic dive-asian-restaurant-take-out-buffet-joint-and-ma-pa-convenience-store. This places specializes in quick take out food, with a steam table of rice and other Vietnamese deli foods to make assorted Com dishes.There are also a few shelves of desserts and deli/convenience foods.  But it has about 6 tables to sit and eat, and you can watch the TV with a DVD playing over and over again the traditional Vietnamese outfit contest portion of the Miss Universe Pageant in Nha Trang, Vietnam,They have a decent smattering of Vietnamese fair in a grungy envirnment devoid of any charm, but the food is pretty good. Khai Vi, Pho Bo (about 17 combos) Hu Tieu, Mi Xao, Com Dia, Che, and special dishes like Bun Bo Hue, Bun Rieu,  Banh Cuon, Goi Du Du, Nem Nuong Cuon, etc. They also have Boba drinks, coffees, etc.Don't expect great service. The Pho Tai Bo Vien and Pho Tai came in quite large bowls, with full size rounds of rare beef and decent size meat balls. There was also a lot of noodles, more than most places. Only $4.99, good price even for San Jose or Little Saigon. If you want quick to go Viet food, or a cheap and large bowl of Pho in Las Vegas, try here. It is in a 2 story strip mall just below Korean Garden BBQ.Open 7 days a week, 9 AM til 9 PM.
3	I've only ever had the house special banh mi here.  It is very good.  My friends tell me not to get anything else here and that this is the best banh mi in town.  At some point I plan on doing a taste test with Pho Thanh Huong and Hue Thai, but for now I've only had banh mi here and they have been good every time.  Good bread, good pressed meat, fresh veg.
4	BEST BANH MI IN VEGASI compared the banh mi here with Hue Thai Sandwiches and Pho Thanh Huong Restaurant (the one by UNLV).  I liked this sandwich the best of the three.I ordered the #1 House Special and every bite was fresh tasting.  It measures 9.75" long on good bread with fresh ingredients and good meat for $3.  There was no one in front of me and I waited about 2 minutes for my sandwich but there can be a line during lunch.  See full review of all three sandwiches at www.DeepFriedKimchee.com
1	Wow what a let down.  This place has fallen apart.  They changed their bread and the BANH MI SANDWICHES TOTALLY SUCK ASS NOW.  The bread used to be really good and very large.  Now its hard, crusty, stale, and almost half the size.  I've been back twice to make sure it wasn't a fluke.  Also, I used to love all the fresh veg they use here but on my last sandwich there was like a teaspoon of carrots.  I've posted photos of both the old award winning banh mi and the new ass-sucking one.  You decide.Since the banh mi were the only good thing they served, I have no reason to go here anymore.  Until I find some place better, Hue Thai has the best banh mi sandwiches I know of in LV.
1	I tried the sandwiches here and it was, for a lack of a better word, horrendous. The BBQ pork sandwich was not up to par. Actually, it was more like a triple bogey on all 18 holes. The BBQ pork had a weird taste to it as if the meat was old. The bread sucked also. What a waste of money. I do not know about coming back here.
3	Came here before heading back to LA. Saw it from the gas station next door. It is a very small hole in the wall place in the corner of the plaza. It's located below a Korean BBQ place and next to an AYCE sushi place so it's very easy to overlook. We all decided to order bun thit nuong cha gio. I enjoyed my meal and the server was very attentive. Come to think of it, this is the most I've ever tipped at a Pho restaurant. I'll try the banh mi next time I'm in town.
3	Fried Rice has too much pepper. They should leave it on the side instead mix it together.  Young Fresh Coconut cost $4.00 for one! double the price in Calif.
