3	i usually like coming to this location. It was the closest one to me. I made a phone call here tonight and asked the guy on the other side how their Price Matching worked because I'm canvassing the store for a new digital camera.This is the convo:Best Buy guy: "we price match everything, just bring the ad in and we'll do it." Me: "Do you guys price match the Dell store?" BBG: "yeah we do that as long as we have the same product in stock." Me: "Cool. Thanks"I get there, I went to the camera section located in front of the entrance door. I showed the guy who was in charge of that department the ad i printed out and he said "we don't price match online stores because they have a different overhead..." To me doesn't make sense, but whatever. I didn't want to cause a fuss about it since I already had a frustrating conversation with another Best Buy associate at a different location (Signal Butte & Baseline). So I left and headed for Best Buy #3 - San Tan.Managers should train their staff about price matching... especially nowadays people are trying to save a buck. That store just lost my business.
5	They had what I needed when I needed it. This best buy has been around forever too. I like it.  I got no issues with it!!
5	Best Buy offers insurance on their items... we have used that insurance twice and can proclaim that it was PAINLESS! We first used the warranty on our PS3 that died 2 months before our warranty was up. No Hassles, No trying to haggle out of their end of the contract. Our daughter got a Droid X 2 months ago and when she was playing basketball outside the DroidX fell on the ground and shattered... it was still functional, but the glass was destroyed. Best Buy did not even blink... just said 'Oh, we see a lot of this.' 3 days later we had an entirely new phone! I have been impressed!
3	Took forever to get service in the computer department, and it's not like they were busy. It's a good thing I was already educated on exactly what I wanted, but it also meant I knew more about the PC's than the people selling them. I pity the old lady or some other stereotypical non-computer literate person who buys their stuff at Best Buy.
1	Holy Crap!  The service in this place is a joke!  Have you ever tried to call them? I sat waiting, and waiting, and waiting.  When I went to the store I saw a gaggle of them talking, and not one person came up to help me.
5	Best Buy is doing a great job at keeping up with the turns of technology. People are giving bad reviews 1. Because their cheap and would rather save a few bucks by buying online 2. expect theEmployees To read their minds- tell them what you need 3. Have no patience when it come To a busy store.Sure I get it, customer service isn't what it USED to be. But stop hating on a company that tries. This location is always neat and clean, employees are attentive and will ACTUALLY stop a personal conversation to help you - that rarely happens anymore, and if you actually look around their prices are super competitive and have DROPPED drastically.If you want amazing andKnowledgable service ask for Emmanuel in the home theatre department. If he doesn't restore your faith in customer service, your expectations are unrealistic
2	I wandered in this location to check out a TV and check out the iPad mini. The guy who helped me with the TV's was very knowledgable and very helpful. He took the time to go over a lot of my questions and concerns. He was great. So then I went to check out the iPad mini. I have the iPad 2 and wanted to see if the mini was worth it. The kid that was helping me wasn't overly helpful and that was ok. The thing that wasn't really ok was that after I was there for about 45 minutes I decided I was going to make the purchase...the kid THEN decides to tell me that they are out of stock!  Really?!  So I asked about other locations and it turns out nobody had them in stock. There was another customer there that just experienced the same thing so we decided to just get it from the Apple store. Best choice I ever made!
1	This is a litle long, but worth reading.....After my last experience here I am never shopping at this or any Best Buy store ever again. I came here in September looking for a TV. The associate helping me convinced me to purchase a TV that was an "open box" model and told me that there was nothing wrong with it and they had simply taken this TV out of the box thinking they needed it for display but later realized they didn't. Looking back, that sounds ridiculous but at the time I just wanted to buy a stupid TV so I didn't have to continue shopping for one and I got an extra 10% discount so it seemed like a good deal so I decided to purchase it. I brought the Tv and all the parts that came with it back home. A few weeks later I moved into my new place and when I went to assemble the TV before my cable person was supposed to come over to set up my service I realized that I was missing part of the stand, so basically I had to lean the TV up against the wall. I called best buy and explained what happened. I asked if I could have the part that went with the TV they currently have on display at the store. I was told they throw all those things away, which I knew that was a lie bc that makes no sense whatsoever. I was then told that I could purchase a wall mount or pay for the part myself and they would order it for me. After arguing and being put on hold several times i was told that they would order the part for me and pay for it. Ok great. I was told it might take several weeks to come in. So flash forward 3 weeks and of course I have heard nothing. I call the store and the associate tells me that he will call me back because he didn't want me to wait on hold while he looked up my information. About 3 hours go by and of course I haven't gotten a call back. So I called again and the same associate answers the phone and I told him that I was waiting for him to call me back and he  tells me that there was a problem with the shipment so they will need to reorder it which basically tells me that they never ordered it in the first place. Awesome. So he proceeds to promise to me that he will "reorder" it and it should be there in a week. One week goes by and I have heard nothing. I call the store again. The associate I speak with tells me that he is going to discuss this with the person that helped the last time and find out what's going on as he "doesn't see a record" of my order and that he will call me back. About  7 hours later I of course haven't gotten a call back. So I call the store and am told that that employee had gone home for the day. I asked to speak to the manager which is apparently what I should have done the first time I called but I guess I didn't realize until this point that all of their associates are apparently incapable of doing anything they say they are going to do. I finally get the manager on the phone. I tell him the whole ordeal and he tells me that he will order the part for me. I said "will you really order it because you are the 3rd person who has told me that" and he said "of course. I'm the manager." About 20 minutes later he calls me back and says that he has a better idea and why don't I come in and pick up the part that belongs to the floor model (so yes the first person lied to me when he said they throw them away). I was so happy and he told me that he would leave it at customer services and gave me the name of the supervisor on duty to ask for. The next day I go in there to pick it up. Of course the person I was supposed to ask for didn't know what I was talking about and the part was not waiting at customer service like I was promised BY THE MANAGER. So some other person gets called over and I explain the situation to him and about 10 minutes later he finally appears with the part. I'm happy that I finally have the part and that my TV is no longer leaning against my wall but I'm truly appalled that every single person I encountered there blatantly lied to me. I could see if one or two people did, but even the manager told me he would do something and did not do it. This was beyond poor customer service. If I am ever forced to by another TV or any electronic device in the future it will most certainly not be at Best Buy.
5	I've visited this Best Buy location many times and have always found the customer service to be first rate. If anything, there's TOO many people who try to help you Lol...We went in there again today to purchase a new laptop. The one I wanted was out of stock so this helpful employee called around to other stores to see if anyone had it. Turns out, they had it at another store so he had them hold it for us. He couldn't have been more helpful and I appreciate that. I've also purchased a camera and an iPod from this store; again, no problems.
2	Came here to look for a new flat screen. Was instantly hounded down by a sales person with an iPad asking if we wanted to upgrade our phones. We kindly turned her down but she said just pretend I'm helping you and kept talking about how she didn't like apple products because she was an android user. Uhm... No offense but we don't care, we're looking for a tv and we like apple products. Lol, anyhow after we finished checking out the tv's as we were walking to the DVD section she kept following us and asking if we needed her to find anything on her iPad. The customer service here is a little over the top, and the tv's are way over priced. The only good thing is a fellow customer told us to check out Costco for the tv's because the prices were better. So if you wanna come here don't say I warned you about the people in blue with iPads!
1	This store practices bait and switch tactics...unlike other best buy stores I have shopped at.  I saw a rather expensive item on bestbuy.com and saw it was only at the Superstition Springs store.  Ick and I live near Desert Ridge.  I called the store to make sure it would be there if I made the  trip and was assured it would be.  Further,  the store's employee told me they have 3 in stock.  I asked if he could put one aside for me because I'm coming a long way and will be very unhappy if I get there and the item isn't available.  He refused, saying he was too busy , but because they have 3 there should be no problem.  I arrived 45 minutes later.  They had none.  The manager I asked to speak with told me someone didn't enter info about the 3 supposed items into their system correctly or some nonsense. He offered to sell me another item at a "discount".  But the discount would be off full retail from an item that has very frequently sold at much less than retail.  No savings there.  Instead, I just asked for 5 or 10 dollars in rewards or gift card to at least compensate for my gas.  He refused.  Classic bait and switch.
3	I have been in this location possibly 20 times. It has been my intention to buy. With this and all location I become invisible and have never purchased at this location. At Tempe Marketplace I have purchased their housebrand 32" tv which over an extended period has been a trouble free excellent value.At other locations the stupidity of some clerks is unsurpassed!  I have been told things I purchased from them are trash. A salesman might inquire on myperceived needs and offer what prodict or service might best meet them.
1	Dear best buy you made my trying to buy my mac book air a real pain in the ass. After 5 attempts by phone with the automated answering system telling me how important my business is to them 50 times and no one picking up the phone to finally getting a semi live person that puts me on hold and never returns to almost completing the transaction and then the clerk telling me they can't look up my account # so I have to call my wife to get the # and call again to start the process over. Oh and when you pick the item up a drivers lic. Isn't good enough u need the bb cc that you used as well.  Whew I was worn out from the process.
