5	Great little spot, fantastic healthy options that taste great and for very reasonable prices. Great atmosphere and relatively quick considering everything is made to order. You have to really look for this place since it's hiding in between some other shops and food places. This place has yet to serve food or smoothies that aren't fantastic. Great job whoever came up with it! I'll definitely come here as often as I can for lunch, new favorite spot.
4	We finally got a Tropical Smoothie Cafe in the N Scottsdale area!  This little gem opened up in April 2014, and I have since made my way through every low-fat smoothie (vegans, don't forget to omit the yogurt from the smoothies that list it).  My favorite smoothies are:Mango Magic (sans yogurt) & Hawaiian Breeze (sans yogurt) - both are great and refreshing following a work-out or a 5 second walk from your car to the store in the summer; same sweaty difference. Acai Berry Boost - one of the "Supercharged" smoothies for when I need a morning pick-me-up. It's vegan.The Blimey Limey (a sweet meet tart taste) and the Kiwi Quencher (sans yogurt; has a Starburst-y flavor) are my other 2 go-to flavors.These 24 oz smoothies are a filling breakfast for me, and they're currently 1/2 off the price during their 7am-9am happy hour (8am-9am on weekends), so I get breakfast for less than $2.50!  A list of supplements are available to add to your smoothie.They also have breakfast wraps, but these are not vegan, so I haven't tried them. For lunch or dinner, they have flatbreads, toasted wraps, sandwiches, and salads, AND they offer Beyond Meat "chicken" as a vegan replacement option in these items.The Thai "Chicken" wrap is very tasty and vegan as is (when ordered w/ Beyond Meat, of course). The Southwest "Chicken" wrap is also good. Omit the ranch dressing if you're vegan.The Jamaican Jerk "Chicken" (sans cheese) is tasty, but their jerk sauce is not as spicy as I'd like.The wraps are large. There is a 1/2 wrap, 1/2 smoothie option as well.  They sell chips, and baked varieties are available. Fruit is also available as a side. The employees are always nice and helpful. Unfortunately, they aren't very knowledgeable about the ingredients. Apparently, this information just isn't readily available to them. (They couldn't tell me if there was dairy in their buffalo sauce.)Sign up for text messages and receive random deals. You may order online.Location: off of Mayo Blvd, west of N Scottsdale Rd, in the Scottsdale 101 shopping area. Shares the parking lot w/ Red Robin, Chick-Fil-A and it's next to Starbucks and the Subway.Rather small location. I think there are 5 or 6 tables inside. There is only 1 outdoor table.
4	I never was a smoothie guy until I set foot in this place. Many lunches and free smoothie coupons later, I now crave that sweet, slushy goodness day and night. I'm beginning to sweat just thinking about when I can get my next fix. And so many options, too. Whatever type of cold fruit concoction you want, TSC has it. Kiwi, Banana, Passion fruit, you name it, they got it. Do you want protein powder in your smoothie? Boom, done. You want the milk from a rare Tibetan mountain goat in your smoothie? They probably have that too. How about no sugar? Yup, that can happen.And in case they didn't have enough to keep you coming back, they also offer a smoothie club cup and punch card, which is basically the crack pipe of the smoothie world. Next they'll probably offer a seat where you can mainline their blended mixtures straight into your bloodstream.But seriously, I heavily rely on this place for my lunchtime rotation. Not sure I'd go out of my way to go here, but I'm really glad it's within walking distance of my office. If you've got one close by and are looking for a new addiction, stop by and see what it's all about.
5	Detox Island Green or regular Island Green are awesome!  I get it without the added sugar (which is all natural), I just don't need it - the fruit is sweet enough for me.  Always friendly and fast in the mornings!  I order and go to Starbucks while I wait and keep the drink in the fridge and have it for lunch :)
