5	Wonderful!  Everything was fresh and obviously made in house.  We ate too much and had to bring home a few pastries for later.  A great place for anytime of the day...breakfast, lunch or dinner.   They serve breakfast all day too.   Super friendly service, too.
5	Nothing bothers me more than sitting in a wonderful cafe and searching nearby restaurants through yelp, and not finding the one I am in.  This place is hidden in that quirky old shopping maze on the nw corner of Scottsdale and Shea.  As I sit, I wonder, why haven't yelpers sniffed this gem out?  Well I'm in the middle if my babaganoosh now and it's nothing short of the best I've had.  That deep roasted taste that few can pull out of that awful vegetable, has been acheived over here.  I'm not even going to mention the fluffy pita bread because it's still tempting me on the plate.  This is the kind of lunch where you are sad to be alone because you want to share the joy of amazing food. But, I just ordered a to go box to share this with my pals back at the homestead.  So I must have been in the mood for eggplant because I got a pesto eggplant panini with tomato and basil but I had difficulty choosing from this and the caprese panini with balsamic glaze, pesto and sundried tomatoes. I'll have to come back for that one.  This place is Kosher in all senses of the word.   It has all the feeling of a family restaurant down to high attention to detail and customer service.  I hope to see some yelps pop up about a well kept Scottsdale secret.  In the meantime I'm going to introduce them to yelp and make sure we can find them when searching the yelps. Especially when they are the little whole in the walls we are sifting through the corporate eateries in order to keep them keep us sustainable with good food.
5	Simply put it was music in my mouth. I was glad to see the menu here with items I have not had since I had last visited the middle east. The flavors were quite authentic.It is also nice that the place is 100% vegetarian so I can eat anything on the menu. What blew my mind was the soft puffy in house pita. They were just amazing.On the menu itself you will find middleastern dishes like pitas, some Itailain food and a small bit of fish.Our meal started with the labne 6.96 it was tart with a great savory taste from the zatar and olive oil, and of course that pita. $9.95We then had a sabich pita, again great flavors with the hummus, eggplant and hard boiled egg.  We then had a salad with a grilled cheese (Halumi).  The grilled cheese was great, however the salad it self was nothing special. $11.95Note this place is kosher which means it is closed Fri night to sat evening.
5	Great salads, great panini, and a nice ambiance. Such a lovely little cafe/restaurant. We were in Arizona for only a week, but came to Mozart for lunch twice! It's kosher, delicious, and definitely worth a stop if you're in the area. Everything's great!
5	Best Falafel in town!This might seem like a brash statement for those of you who do not know me. Falafel is my thing, I have had some incredible falafel trips to the middle east and I have been on a long quest to find something as good in the valley. At last my search has found what is looking for.They key to good falafel is a nice crunch on the outside, and a moist inside with a strong pleasing savory flavor. From there you need a good Pita, moist, soft but still sturdy enough to hold and eat from. Then comes the dressings, creamy hummus and tahini, pickled veggies, even fries if you want (in the pita) this is living!I also tried many other items from the menu on this trip, my general suggestion stick to the Middle Eastern dishes and you will not be disappointed. The Italian ones were not as impressive.
5	The shakshuka is awesome; the real thing and spiced just right!
5	Great food and really good atmosphere.  Everything is fresh and the staff are beyond accommodating.  We have a gluten allergy and they were on top of it.  They even have gluten free bread so I don't have to drool while everyone divvies up the hummus or the amazing falafel.You've gotta try this place if your into Isreali/Mediteranian food.  I know its across the street from Pita Jungle, but go just once and you'll never return to 'The Jungle'.  Don't get me wrong, I love Pita Jungle, nothing but great things to say,  but I think I found my new place.
5	I have been here a few times and I have to say that I love it. I think the prices are a little high, but this is Scottsdale and its kosher. The first time I went I had the eggplant and feta panini- it was delicious. The second time I had the salmon with quinoa and roasted vegetables, amazing. My friend couldn't choose between one of the fantastic salads and the fettucine alfredo, so she got both!Last night I went back for sufganiyot- they had jam and chocolate varieties. Good stuff.I have to say that the place is clean- I have no idea what Dan is talking about, but given he only has two reviews and no picture, I'm not buying into it.I'm excited to go back for the falafel, more paninis, pasta... I'll be back... a lot.
5	I wish I'd found out about this place sooner.  OMG SOOOOO YUMMY and healthy too!!!
5	I bought a Groupon for this cafe because the menu looked awesome, so many great vegetarian options. They also have Salmon and Tuna salad available. I ordered the Spicy Tuna Panini which was fantastic. The sandwiches come with a salad and they were nice enough to make me a new salad when I told them I can't eat cucumbers. The owner introduced himself to me while I was waiting and everyone who worked there was very friendly. The owners son, who made my sand which, took the time to explain all the pastries that they have for sale. I bought two, one savory and one sweet. I can't wait to try them. I will definitely go back. This place might be my new favorite :)
5	Small laid back and very tasty food. Loved the coffee. Glad to have them in the neighborhood. Will come back again.
5	Fantastic! GREAT middle-eastern (Israeli) food! Wonderful, friendly staff. Interesting and delicious pastries I've never encountered before. If it weren't named "Mozart Cafe" but something like "Meshugah Moishe's Mekheye Felafel" I would have discovered this place sooner. But, I guess word of mouth (where the mouth just ate Sabich Pita) is the old-school way to market a business like this. Good job, guys. I'm coming BACK!
4	We've been there at least 4 times in past several months and really enjoyed each visit.  Food is fresh and scrumptious and staff is cheerful.  You feel a little bit like you just stepped into a cafe in Tel Aviv and that you are always a welcome guest.  Go and enjoy!
4	Surprisingly good for a kosher restaurant, especially for one that is not a deli.  Mozart Cafe is a dairy restaurant, meaning that no meat or meat products of any kind are used.  This is necessitated by their being kosher, which does not allow the mixing of meat and dairy products.  If you are a devoted vegetarian, you can be absolutely certain that there is nothing that was ever in an animal used by Cafe Mozart, assured by the strictest Rabbinic supervision.On the other hand, if you are a carnivore and insist on meat protein, you will have to try somewhere else.  Absent that, just about everyone should enjoy what Mozart Cafe has to offer.  For a small storefront, the menu is extensive.  The Ciabatta bread used for the paninis is excellent, and the combination of flavors that Mozart Cafe achieves with no meat and little cheese is almost miraculous.  I haven't tried everything else, but the other sandwiches and salads look really good, and all of the other diners were cleaning their plates.  There is also a breakfast menu.The downsides have nothing to do with the food.  For starters, Mozart Cafe is very basic so forget ambiance.  But it is clean and bright, and the tables are not crowded together past reason.  The service is extremely warm but sometimes you can wait a bit.  And, of course, there is no meat.  I would also say that it is a tad expensive -- kosher restaurants usually are, but that is because kosher meat is expensive, and the Mozart Cafe doesn't use any.  They also cannot open on Friday night or Saturday, so they have to make up for it by charging more.  Whatever the reason, a sandwich here will cost you about $10.They also have an instore bakery with traditional Jewish cookies and breads.  I tried two varieties, both very good.  These too are a bit expensive.
5	I just LOVE this place!First, they have the best cappuccino in town!Second, the food is wonderful!!! I love a healthy breakfast with a fresh salad so this is the cafe you want to eat at!The whole menu is creative and delicious! Mediterranean food is the best!The atmosphere at Mozart is great too!  Long story short, you MUST eat & drink here!
4	I typically prefer entrees that are not centered on a meat ingredient.  This is a great place to find many options to choose from.  I really enjoyed the babaganoush.  The mozarella and tomato bruschetta could use better slicing techniques so the tomatoes aren't slipping off the toast.The service for us was slower that the turn 'em and burn 'em restaurants so don't go if you're in a rush.  Go when you can hang out and savor the food.
5	yum in my tum. couldnt have been happier to enjoy brunch here today on christmas. not only was everyone welcoming and the service was great but the food was delic. come here to satisfy your israeli food needs but know, it is a milk & dairy only environment. Paprika, the restaurant next door can prepare meat dishes though and outside seating makes it easy to enjoy a meal between the two restaurants.
4	It's tough to make Kosher food so consistently good.  Mozart does it!  Their food is top-notch and I can always bring it to friends who keep kosher - knowing that they will be very happy with the quality of the food.  I've tried a number of meals here - all of which were very good.  I've also ordered take-out a number of times and everything is always ready to go on time.  I'm a fan for sure!  They are consistently good!
4	Great healthy stop after pigging out on Mexican food in the valley. Israeli salad is tops, great pita and falafel. Tuna wrap was also very tasty. Veggie soup with quinoa was pretty bland as was the hummus. Service is a bit slow.
5	Nice little Mediterranean place. People here are very welcoming. Love to visit this place again.
5	I LOVED it!! We came to Phoenix for a gymnastics meet. I have never been into a kosher, vegan, or Mediterranean restaurant before this. The food is absolutely amazing. I would highly recommend.
5	We came to Phoenix for a gymnastics meet. I have never been into a kosher, vegan, or Mediterranean restaurant before this. The food is absolutely amazing. I would highly recommend.
5	When a Rabbi recommended I use Mozart Cafe to cater a baby naming event, I admit, I was a bit apprehensive and didn't have high expectations.  I felt better once I checked out all of the yelp reviews, and was even more confident once I worked with Gabi at Mozart.  (How could I not like working with someone who shares my name?!)All of that being said, Mozart did an incredible job with our catering order.  They were reasonably priced, easy to work with, packaged everything up well, had large portions, and delicious food too!  Our order was supposed to serve 12 people, and it served closer to 14 people with plenty of leftovers.  We went with a Mediterranean Sampler, a couple of salads, a trio of wrap sandwiches (Tuna, Salmon, and Eggplant), and fruit and cookies for dessert.Everyone commented how good the food was, and even my dad liked it, which is huge since he's a big meat and potato type of guy (read: this place is kosher dairy - no meat!)I would definitely cater from Mozart in the future and I hope to check them out in person and dine there in the future as well!
5	Highly enjoyed the food here.  Was on a vacation with my family and was looking for kosher restaurants in the area.  The owner was always nearby (the few times we stopped by) making sure everyone is happy and the food is authentic and delicious. I don't think there is one item over $20 which is nice.
4	Went back for a second time... to get food, not just coffee. I must say, the selection is quite extensive for a "cafe" which impressed me. Unfortunately they were having "fryer" problems so the falafel wrap was a no-go but I opted for the chipotle salmon wrap. Well, what can I say? The wrap was definitely superb and made my tastebuds jump for joy!!! What I didn't like is that I was told my food would be ready in 10 minutes, but 30 minutes later I was still waiting... quite disappointing since by this point I was becoming quite hangry and about to faint from lack of food while smelling the wonderful meals they were concocting in the kitchen. They did make it up to me by throwing in a box of cookies with my order for free, which wasn't really necessary -- but extremely generous and thoughtful of them. I will be back again :)
5	Mozart offers authentic Israeli food in an authentic Israeli atmosphere served by authentic Israelis. Did I mention that everything is authentic? Try the shakshuka, best in the States!
4	Tried the salmon wrap and Julia tried the caprese panini. The food was excellent! Great flavors, nice presentation.  And it came with a refreshing side salad.   I will be back!!The downside is the ambiance. Very plain inside.  Not much to look at.  Boring music. The server lacked enthusiasm about the food.  I think they should be more excited about they are producing.
1	I've been to this place 4-5 times and NEVER had a decent meal.  Service is slow with totally indifferent servers.  The food I've had has been dreadful but today was the worst.  I went reluctantly with a friend who needs a Kosher place to eat but this is the last time.I had the simplest dish possible - lox and eggs and onion scramble.  The eggs were cold.  I needed a magnifying glass to find the microscopic bits of lox which I probably could have counted on one hand.  The toast was overly toasted and may even have been less than fresh bread.  It was ready to be broken up and used as croutons.  I asked what could be substituted for the salad that came with it.  Who eats tossed salad with a breakfast dish?  They brought home fries which were dripping in cooking oil.  And all this for a mere $16.I'd like to be able to support a Kosher restaurant even though I don't keep Kosher but this tests any desire to be loyal to Kosher establishments.  Never again!
1	Wanted to love this place since it is owned by Israelis, and good Israeli style food is hard to come by in the Phoenix area. However, the wife and I both ordered the falafel pita and the pita was half empty. Only had 3 falafel balls with a little Israeli salad and tahini. The pita was ok. Not like fresh Israeli pita. The meal came with a mixed leaf salad on the side that had a olive oil/lemon dressing. Not that great as it was pretty dry. We got our kid the Mac n cheese and side of veggies. We also got a mushroom hummus with toasted pita for appetizer. You would expect a meal like this to only cost about $25. But it ended up costing us about double that. Needless to say that we love to support the local fellow Jewish community, but not after that ripoff of a meal. We won't be coming back. Hopefully the owner realizes that he is being too cheap on his customers because he seemed like a nice man when he came up to our table to say hello.
2	Food is overpriced and portions are small. We had a full dinner for two for around $40 and came home and ate again because we were still hungry. We also ordered a small piece of chocolate cake for dessert from the display (for approximately $5) and it was stale as if it'd been sitting for days.The staff is relatively friendly and helpful.
5	The menu here is AMAZING!  I found all ingredients to be very fresh and high quality.  The service here was actually very good, the guy working was really funny and cool.  I'm definitely returning..so much variety!
5	I went here once.  It wasn't cheap, but the salmon dish I got here was worth every penny.  I also had the same thing catered once and it was also amazing.
5	Moishe House Phoenix loves using Mozart Cafe & Bakery to cater their events. They handle large orders with style and grace, creating the perfect menu for our large groups. We appreciate their staff going above and beyond, and highly recommend Mozart to anyone looking for a delicious meal!!
4	The owner and staff here are so nice. I only had coffee but plan to come back again soon to try the food. There are very few Jewish restaurants or businesses in the area so this was a wonderful discovery
5	This is a charming little place, has nice atmosphere. I'm glad they are not like other places, where my senses get overwhelmed by loud music and television on every wall. This is a very friendly and relaxing place, I can enjoy my food and company in peace. The food is quite delicious with reasonable prices. I love the hummus with mushroom and onion on top. Simply wonderful! They also serve very good sandwiches.
5	My husband and I went here for lunch after buying a certificate from Restaurant.com. I was expecting a dark little hole-in-the-wall type place, but the location, while small, was bright, clean, and open. The food was delicious! We ordered the Mediterranean sampler to start with. The pita that came with it was warm, fluffy, and fresh. The falafel was out of this world. I ordered the Eggplant & Chili Panini and my husband ordered the Apple Arugula Salad and we were both very happy. My panini was delightfully spicy and my husband's salad had huge chunks of feta. He actually had me try the feta. It was so rich and creamy he thought it was goat cheese. Although they were short-staffed, our waiter was polite and attentive and our food arrived very quickly. We'll definitely make Mozart Cafe a regular lunch spot. I'm excited to try more of their interesting menu.
5	Great service. I had the portobello panini and totally loved it.  And my drink was a fresh strawberry lemonade witch I recommend 100%. My dad had the beat salad and was great. And perfect portion sizes. The pizza was a hit with the kids. The best part was the people working there. We got some cookies (amazing) and the guy at the counter refused our money for them. You should go there we loved it so much!!
4	My husband and I ate here for a late lunch. The ambiance is nice, clean, & spacious. We chose to eat outdoors as the weather was great. Our waitress delivered the menus right away. My husband ordered the Greek salad and I ordered the apple arugula salad. The presentation and taste was out of this world. For our main dishes, my husband got Moroccan salmon over a bed of couscous. He ate every last piece so it must've been super. I'm not a fish fan, so I ordered the eggplant potato something pita. I tried to like it but after my second bite I just couldn't. I told the owner, who was extremely nice, & he said I could switch my meal - no problem. I then ordered an avocado sandwich. Now THAT was good. They weren't skimpy on anything and it was very filling. I got a vanilla latte that was decent. I used a restaurant.com gift card, & they forgot to apply it, so I told them and they apologized and redid the bill. Also, the wifi was either not working or VERY slow. Overall good experience. Their salads were the highlight.
5	Great service! Clean! And a great selection! We ordered the zucchini fritters. They were awesome! Great flavor! My husband ordered the Greek pizza and really enjoyed it! I had a salad which met my expectations. Another good kosher Phoenix dining experience!
5	I stumbled into Mozart Cafe unexpectedly with twenty five minutes to spare mid-afternoon on a week day. I had pulled into the shopping area where my nail salon is and was positively ravenous. My eyes caught mention of "kosher, vegetarian and wifi" as I walked past the outdoor seating.I didn't mean to make an entrance. Conversation stopped as an orderly room of eyes peered up at me. I'm not quite sure what prompted it. I can only explain my observations of the patrons, and then my wonderful dining experience. My only regret is that I was short on time and couldn't linger. The food was fresh, delightful, prepared efficiently fast as was my strong turkish coffee. As I stood in the entry way my first thought was, "Oh dear. Where am I? Should I be here?" Stunned silence filled the room. I felt shy looking for a hostess. (I wasn't sure if I should approach the bakery counter, or seat myself. You can seat yourself.) I noticed women wearing head coverings, which ranged from scarfs, wigs to small hats. The men that day were wearing button down shirts.Seated, an incredibly gracious host helped select the Spicy Tunisian panini to go with soup. A complete steal for $8. (1/2 sandwich.) Albacore tuna (ala the style from my childhood), boiled eggs, kalamata olives, potato was presented on a crispy panini. Perfectly grilled. I enjoyed it so much I almost forgot to eat my large bowl of soup. The soup itself is worthy of a meal. Dining solo I was privy to the conversations in the room. Bits of French and German wafted my way. Patrons ordered loafs of kosher bread from the wall. The Torah was discussed.And then, just as I was wrapping up my meal, a gentleman right behind me. Clearly hailing from New York answered his phone.  (I'm from there and familiar with the accents.) "Yes Mom! YES. It's me. You called me, remember?"[Loudly]"Ok. OK. No. NO.You'll have to ask Ira to do that.I said IRA.Whaaat?Ok, never mind. I'll do it myself.I SAID. I'll call IRA. I'll Call IRA."So I think this is a place you can meet a nice Jewish boy.
5	Fantastic dairy/vegetarian kosher restaurant. This restaurant is not kosher at the expense of quality...it's truly good fare that all can enjoy. The Israeli-style breakfasts, baked pastries, and endless cups of fresh Lavazza coffee (better than Illy or Starbucks) is my kind of breakfast. For lunch, the portobello pesto panini is my favorite. Try the Alfredo or tilapia for dinner or a thin crust margarita pizza. Gabriel, the owner, is a delightful, hospitable man who welcomes each and every customer personally. He also delivered to our medical office several times for luncheons and did not charge is a delivery fee.
4	What a pleasant surprise! I loved the vegie wrap and my husband loved the salmon wrap. The zucchini fritters were a great start, so fresh and light and not greasy. I'm eager to come back and try other things.
2	Ehhhh I don't know.... This place didn't impress me. Had the hummus and avocado salad. Both kind of bland and don't me wrong, I love Mediterranean food..... It's was like hospital food trying to be Mediterranean.
5	Absolutely love this place. The owner Gavriel is so nice and makes the atmosphere very fun. The place is decorated nicely and has a great ambiance. The food is fantastic especially the pizza and salads. Do not leave without trying the fresh baked pastries, especially the croissant filled with halva!
2	not real sure what all the fuss is about this place.  Very overpriced food with uncomfortable hard seats, bring a pillow for your seat if you are planning on eating here. ..I expected the salads to be huge for the price, but the spinach salad with strawberries was just okay and only enough for one person and way over priced @ $12.00...it should be more like eight dollars especially for the amount you do not get.  I was still hungry afterwards. We also ordered the soup of the day, veggie soup was very good and half a sandwich, this is also over price you get a little cup of soup not even a bowl plus half of a sandwich which is not like chompies sandwich or even most sandwiches as diners, the sandwich is relatively small as well this came in at $8.00 and should be more like $5-6...I heard the pizza were good, might have to go back and try the white pizza hopefully they will not charge a substitution fee since I am allergic to one of the ingredients.  The service was good as well as the company, I just expected better food, more food for the over price menu.
5	Went to Arizona for a gymnastics meet and stopped by here. The Mozart cafe is a super great restaurant superb food, nice and quick staff. I've never had Israeli/Mediterranean food, so I can't compare it, but this was great!
3	Not very friendly when i went in.. They looked at me like I was a Monster.We had Wrap, a pita and a Coke Zero and it was 22.00.... It was to go and I asked him if I had told him it was "to go" and he looked and Me and Said Yesthen dismissed me to my Seat ..
5	I loved  this place!   This family owned and operated restaurant is just my cup of tea.  I am a vegetarian, so the menu was right up my alley, no guilt, and no having to read between the lines to figure out what I could eat.  The food was delicious, positively the best humus, and baba ganoush I've had in a long time...The grape leaves always my favorite were delish.  The "waiter" was friendly and informative, answering all our questions in true family style.   Thank you
5	This place is a hidden gem!  I had the fattoush and a turkish coffee and they were both delicious!  The food in general is very healthy and reasonably priced.  The wait staff was fabulous (charming, friendly, and very helpful)!  When my apple laptop did not immediately connect to the internet the waiter said apple products tend to "take a few minutes to connect" and offered to reboot the their router if it didn't connect.  When he came back to check (yes he was that attentive) I had access (so he was right about the apple thing).  I can't wait to go back and try something else on the menu!  This may just become one of my regular spots! :-)
5	What great food!  Mediterranean, Mid-Eastern and mostly vegetarian (although  they have a few fish dishes).  This was my first time here and it was a take out order.  The Portobello mushroom Panini was fantastic.  Great combination of  mushroom, feta and pesto. Also had the best falafel that I've had in decades - definitely the best in Arizona. Bread and pita FRESH.  Quick friendly service and the place is very clean!  I can't wait to go back and try the Grilled Eggplant Chile, the grilled avocado Panini and  the Chipotle Salmon Wrap. Clean, Fresh, Healthy. This place is the real thing.   Oh, it's Kosher as well!
5	I found Mozart Cafe while on a visit to the Phoenix area.  I was delighted to find I could have both kosher and delicious food in an area that is a desert with fairly new civilization sprawled over it.  The sabich pita was very good; sadly, they had run out of `Amba (pickled mango sauce), which would have taken the sandwich over the top.  The falafel pita was very good as well.  Good, fresh pita was yet another happy surprise in this place.  The owner was friendly and welcoming.  His kids, who also work there, are pleasant but bored teens.  They were very laid back, which might explain some of the previous review comments.  I enjoyed the food and am grateful for the family that setup this cafe.
4	This place is great! Lots of meatless options. Get the zucchini fritters, you won't regret it.
5	I have been coming to Mozart since it first opened and never once have I been disappointed. Amazing food, great service, and friendly atmosphere. Fresh challah bread is baked every Friday and everything is made from scratch. I would recommend Mozart to anyone.
4	pretty good food. lots of veggie and kosher options. even kosher sushi!sevice was quick and friendly. we shared a small plate of hummus,  babaganoush, and falafel. all very tasty and fresh.my wife had an eggplant sandwich which she said was very good. I had the veggie  pita with loads of chopped vegetables,  boiled potato,  and a hard boiled egg. it was ok, nothing I couldn't fix up at home.overall good cafe and bakery.
5	Third trip to Mozart, exact same order:* hummus plate* Falafel sandwich * Spinach strawberry salad (w/ little heavenly hunks of deep fried goat cheese -- OH Lordy it's yummy)* Lemonade Bonus: the owners are very sweet and the service is swift... there are shelves full of almond cookies and counters filled with baklava... (and my great big smiling-face at the little table next to the big windows).Very casual place... no frills dining, just great food!
5	I have always wanted to try Shakshuka ever since I saw pictures/recipes on pinterest! After a few failed attempts to make it, I figured I would just search on yelp to see if any restaurants in the valley served it. Mozart was the first thing that showed up :) I was not disappointed! My boyfriend got the greek shakshuka and I got the regular. Both very delicious! The greek shakshuka was a bit tastier. Maybe because it was served with cheese, but either way both excellent choices! I think next time I will try their smoked salmon dishes since I've also heard good things about it!
5	Great for children and adults. The food is fresh, tastes great and is reasonable priced. Good service also. Try the sushi, it's great!
