5	I called Minit Maids at 8PM Wednesday night and left message - by 9AM Thursday I received a call back and thankfully they were able to accommodate my request for a Saturday deep cleaning.   Unknown to me until I opened the door, the residence to be cleaned was in deplorable condition - filth, bugs, and cat mess everywhere.  The two person team didn't bat an eye and assured me they were not bothered by smell nor the mess.  They got to work immediately and worked efficiently and quickly.  They  even offered to stay as long as I needed to get the home in order (which would have been over what I had budgeted for time).  By the time they were done, the windows gleamed, the floors were clean, the bathrooms smelled new. I didn't think any of this would be possible given the condition when we walked through the front door.  All aspects of my transaction met or exceeded my expectations.  The person who provided the initial quote & explanation of the deep clean services was very knowledgable and helpful.  The team who endured this job was professional, pleasant and did a very good job.   I would highly recommend this company.  They are fairly priced, honest and very pleasant to work with.  I would use them again.
5	We have used Minit maids for years! We have a regularly scheduled monthly appointment and every time we are absolutely happy with the results and Being a household with 2 kids and a dog the crew definitely has their work cut out for them! If we are ever are not happy with something the crew will come back out the same day- luckily that rarely happens!
5	I have been using Minit Maids for about a month now, and am very happy with their service and customer service mentality. I contacted them back in January for a quote. Rick came out promptly (same week as my call) and walked through and gave us a quote for a deep clean and regular cleaning service. We couldn't swing the service at that time, but they provided options and ideas. I then called back in July when life just got WAY too busy. Rick came out again (promptly) to provide an updated quote that was actually cheaper than the original quote (by $2, but hey, it's $2!) I now have their team coming weekly and look forward to it each week. They are prompt, thorough, fast and friendly. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!
5	I could not recommend Minit Maids more highly!Rick, the owner, came personally to check out my apartment shortly after I called. He made suggestions for a first-time deep cleaning and helped me set up subsequent cleanings. My schedule is particularly erratic (I rent out my place on Airbnb and often need to schedule cleanings at short notice), but they've been able to accommodate me each time. The office staff is responsive and courteous, and the cleanings themselves are thorough and detailed. The value they provide is absolutely worth the money. 5 stars all around!
5	I highly recommend Minit Maids. We were moving into a rental home that needed a deep clean. The first appointment, scheduled on a Friday, didn't go as expected- the power and water were turned off that morning! I couldn't get either turned on until Monday, but the movers were coming with our things on Tuesday. The office was completely understanding and rescheduled us for Tuesday morning no questions asked. The team got here first thing in the morning and finished about 45 minutes before the movers arrived. The team did such a great job with the clean that we are now regular house cleanings. Rick, the owner, personally came out to asses the house and give us a price. The staff in the office are pleasant and respond very quickly to any inquires via email or over the phone which is really
