5	Get tattooed here. I spent two years in Pittsburgh and visited every tattoo shop I could find. when I found Eye Candy it felt like home. Brian and Jason are two great artists and stand up guys. They work hard, have zero holier then though ego, and won't rip you off. If you want a clean, solid, tattoo this is the place to go.
5	I cannot say enough nice things about Eye Candy. I started my work on a half sleeve here back in ... oh, 2004? Jason is the best! He's hilarious, and super nice. And really loves what he's doing. He sat with me for a good while showing me reference books and discussing what I wanted. After we talked he sketched up my piece, and it was fantastic!  Unfortunately, I'm not living on my parents dime anymore and I haven't been able to finish the colorwork. But as soon as I have the funds I'll be right back.oops- i just found out they changed their name to black cat! So if you want tattoos go to black cat :D
5	Eye Candy Tattoos is no more - not even just a name change - but the co-owners split up. Brian now works out of another shop (which name I cannot remember because I've never been) and Jason kept the store-front itself and re-named it. He and his girlfriend tattoo out of the Black Cat - which is where Eye Candy Tattoos used to be, when it existed. I had some great work done by Brian over the years and it will be a very missed shop in the 'Burgh! :(
5	I got my first tattoo here, and it was a great experience. Jason was very friendly and explained everything in detail. He took several printouts i gave him, as well as an actual leaf, to create the design.He consistently made sure that everything he did, from design to finishing touches, was completely ok with me. "Hey, it's your body, and it's going to be on there forever," he said. He happily obliged when I asked him to deepen some shading and had me look at the finished tattoo several times to make sure I was ok with everything. We had a nice, relaxed chat about Buddhism while he tattooed my chest, and it was a good distraction when he was tattooing near my sternum and collarbone (ouch). Everything was clean and sanitary, and I left with complete instructions for after care.Couldn't ask for more!
