5	I've never had a bad meal at August Henry's and since it's a half a block from my office, I've gotten to sample many things from the menu.  I'm never left feeling hungry either.  The portions are enormous AND delicious.  The fish sandwich is bigger than your head.  The Stromboli is one of the best around.  And the menu is varied enough that every one of your picky, annoying friends and/or coworkers will be satisfied.  The item's appear pricey on the menu, but once you get your food and find yourself struggling to finish the last bite, the 9 bucks you spent on a sandwich is well worth it.  The atmoshere is chill and relaxing.  A great place to have lunch.
4	I recently visited Pittsburgh for a weekend and stayed near the convention center. Apparently the area is not a hot-spot for entertainment or dining! On a Friday night I went looking for a casual bar / restaurant where I could get some eats and hang out for a bit. A quick walk down the "Strip" offered two options: a high-end Italian place and a sports bar that looked more like a nightclub. Fail. So we wandered over to the "Cultural District" where we were met with more high-end looking restaurants and this place. So we gave it a try.It automatically gets a point just by being one of the only places open in the area. Otherwise, it didn't stand out, but also didn't offend.The food was pretty good (I had a crabcake salad, the bf had a burger) and the prices were reasonable. Service was decent. Bar menu was fulfilling - it was even $5 martini night so I couldn't complain. Doesn't seem like the kind of place you'd go out of your way to try, but if you're in the area it's not a bad pick out of your limited options.
2	decidedly average. 2.5 stars
3	I'm currently in Pittsburgh for business and found myself here tonight. As some others have mentioned, apparently this area is NOT a hot evening spot. I struggled to find something open that looked even remotely appealing, and it wasn't that late at all, about 8pm. So that said, 1.5 of these stars are for the fact that this was close to the Westin Hotel and was open.  The atmosphere: standard. Nothing special whatsoever. Large bar and large dining area.Service: 1 star for the service. My waiter was very, very nice. (even though he had a strange moustache ... :-p)Food: It's pretty standard. There is a large menu with pretty average prices. They do have some unique items, but none that I can comment on. I had the Chicken/artichoke/spinach dip with bread triangles. Pretty good, it was also half off for some reason ... making this HUGE plate only $5. I also had a 'side' caesar salad. This was VERY big for a 'side' and was only $2.99! They also have quite a few different beers on tap and in bottles. In concluson: decent food, pretty darn good prices, great service and is open past 6pm!
3	Originally stopped here for just a beer before moving on, but we ended up staying for a few rounds and had some wings. The wings were 50/50: the drums were overcooked, but the wings were fine. Good atmosphere, and a decent beer selection. Seemed to have some of the better prices compared to the other places in the area.
3	Good solid, a little above average bar food. Not worth going out of your way for, but if you're right there and If you can't get into Tonic...well, it will be acceptable.  Eh.
4	My colleagues and I have been coming here for a few months after quitting our regular weekly lunch place due to inconsistent results.August Henry's is simply a regular American bar-food joint. The service is very good. The decor is of a somewhat traditional motif but still inviting.The food is consistent and well-executed. The burgers are properly cooked to order; juicy and nicely sized. You might think that getting a burger done right shouldn't be hard but it's surprising how many mid-range places can't cook exactly to order. The soups are delicious. And the croutons on the salads are fantastic. (Yes, croutons).
5	I liked everything about this place. The food was great. I had a Gus burger. Honestly, one of the best burgers I have ever had. The service was friendly and fast, even though it was happy hour.
4	If you're downtown and looking for a good spot to eat and have a few expertly-prepared drinks, August Henry's is definitely the place.  We've been coming here for a few years now, after stumbling in randomly one night back in 2009.First of all, they have some of the best bartenders in the city.  The drinks are always top-notch (if you're a bleu cheese fan, try their bloody mary with bleu cheese stuffed olives!), and sitting at the bar provides some good conversation and commentary.It's a great spot to watch sports games (we had the pleasure of watching the 'Guins beat the Flyers in overtime here back in the 2009 playoffs), and you can always catch some interesting people wandering past the big front windows.Their food is a bit on the heavy side, but as long as you plan for that in advance, it's delicious.  I recommend the chicken and artichoke spinach dip.  It's a new take on a bar-food classic, and ever so creamy.  We also like the sampler platter, since it lets you try all sorts of bar goodies.  And the zucchini strips are awesome, but, well, gigantic.On our last visit, I got the grilled chicken salad, which was perfect in that Pittsburgh way, with crispy fries and lots of cheddar.  The burgers are also consistently good, and we seem to really have great luck with fun and friendly servers.So, stop in here for a cocktail before the Buccos game, or catch some hockey on their bar TVs.  Either way, you'll have a great time.
4	Much like every place in Pitt, they have a lot of fried food on the menu. However, their fried pretzel appetizer is so good you need a defibrillator by your side. The burgers are solid and the service was great. You wouldn't expect it, but they serve a mean martini, complimented with blue cheese stuffed olives. The long island ice teas served here are amazing and inexpensive. If you ask nicely, you may even get a "to go" cup. It certainly served us well on our walk to the casino.This place is a highlight in the drab city that is Pitt. If I were unlucky enough to have to live in Pittsburgh, I would make this a regular spot to visit.
3	Sadly, another case of bad service happened again!  And all I really wanted to do was enjoy my Furry watching!Furry what, you say?  The annual Anthrocon aka Furry Convention that happens every June at the David L Lawrence Convention Center.  People dress up, in costume....as animals.  Enough said.So to take in the primal action I had my sights set on a front row furry watching table near the window.  We sat down and our server came around to ask for our drink order.  We weren't sure what we wanted, so we said we needed a sec.  After about 15 minutes we're looking around for him and he's nowhere to be found.  Finally, he reappears and says he has a family emergency and someone else would be taking over.  Fair enough.  So we order our meals from the new chick.  I got the Coconut Chicken Salad which actually turned out to be decent!  Nice and crisp coconut exterior and moist chicken inside.  There was a good amount of chicken but I think I would have preferred a little more lettuce and veggies.  I just felt as if the salad needed a touch more.  But the most important part, the chicken, was great!So we get ready to pay, there's 8 of us, and we're not allowed to get split checks because they want to include gratuity.  I've worked as a waitress before, so I'm understanding on whatever they need to do.  Obviously it does get a little confusing on both ends when you have 8 people paying at once with different cards and cash.  We set aside a $20 from someones payment inside the payment sleeve.  She came back, exchanged payment from someone else, fiddled with the payment sleeve and left.  Somehow, that $20 in the payment sleeve disappeared.  We thought she must have accidentally put the $20 with her other tips, that's the only place it would have went because it wasn't on the floor.  We checked multiple times.  Only way it would have disappeared was when she was collecting money.  Again, I know how it is collecting a billion different forms of payment, so these things easily happened.  In the end she told us she would just put in one of the orders as a "walk out," which was nice of her.  But when we asked if she could add up all her checks for the day to see if she had the extra money, she wouldn't do it.  It obviously worked out for us because we didn't have to pay extra and perhaps for her too because she's potentially got $20 extra bucks now!PLUS, we had some prime furry watching action, so I can't complain too much!!
4	This pub/restaurant is only a short distance from the Convention Center, Westin, and Courtyard by Marriott, so it is a prime location for food when attending Anthrocon in June. I was in the city for Anthrocon and it just so happened that the dinner group decided to go to August Henry's one night. Anyway, the service was courteous and good. I'm not sure how many people the dining area can accommodate. The section we were in, at least, looked rather small. The food was pretty good too, although priced a bit high for my tastes. I definitely would return, although not as an every-day thing.
3	I'm a-ok with this place! I thought I might want to give it 4 stars but maybe I'm being biased b/c although I semi-enjoy this place, it's not really my type of bar. While I feel like the drinks and food are moderately priced the vibe of this place reminds me of an old outdated bar - and maybe that's what they are and they're ok with it. I feel like if I'm going to meet friends at a bar/restaurant I want it to have something to it and this place is rather dull. Although they do have free wings on Friday during happy hour while they last. They're not the best wings, but it's free, what do you expect?!?! When we went there our waitress seemed new and super attentive but not in a good way. It was fine in the beginning but since we were there for a couple hours it became amusing and then quickly turned to annoyance. I may be back there and I may not be - I don't feel an overwhelming pull either way.
1	Wow, I could not have chosen a worse bar to grab an after game drink.The bartenders were either just belligerent or incompetent. I couldn't figure out which. Maybe both. Any questions asked were returned with blank stares and irrelevant answers."What kind of martinis do you make?"Blank stare....... "Anything."Really? Couldn't name just one?I ordered a Yuengling. Finished about a third of it and couldn't get the rest down. Flattest beer I have ever tasted. There was also a touch of bad-beer taste too. I just couldn't force myself to finish it.So I asked for my check and settled my tab. I was in such a hurry to get out that I left my credit card behind. Now, this is completely my fault because I should have remembered. But I've never been to a place where they don't give you your card back when you have to sign the receipt. They hang onto it until you ask for it. Someone I was with noted that they did the same thing to her but she remembered to ask for it. Just weird.So when I went back to give me my card, the incompetence continued. I explained what happened, but clearly she didn't understand. She kept searching for my name in the computer as if I still had a tab open. After I slowed down and used smaller words, she then just handed me someone else's credit card. Wow. Ridiculous.Now I like to think I'm not one to complain about places. I understand being busy or making a mistake, but this was beyond that. I'm actually surprised to see such high reviews on this site. Maybe I caught them on a bad night, but it was bad enough that I will not return.
1	Had an unpleasant experience a couple of years ago, but the recent reviews motivated me to give it another try when I was downtown for a ballgame.   Still doesn't work for me.   First, I find the place generally uncomfortable.  The lighting seems to have been retained from the space's former life as some kind of retail outlet.  Harsh and unpleasant.  The whole decor seems disconnected.The drinks are okay, but the food?  What my buddy and I ate tasted like it was just delivered by Gordon's Food Service and quick-defrosted in a microwave.   Nothing fresh-made, obviously.  MY recommendation?  Walk across the street to Sonoma Grille.  Far better food and a much more comfortable environment for not a whole lot more money.
4	Hello seared tuna done right! Any place that can master this has my vote. Good beer. Good bartender. Sitting at the bar made it easy to get decent service.Downtown location makes it difficult to get to around happy hour. All and all, I'd go back, just not too often.
3	This place is just ok.  I went here for lunch and they have a decent size menu, sandwihces, salads, and soup.  The food is just ok and the service is just ok.  I do love their homemade chips and can't seem to ever pass on them. I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich with pepperjack cheese.  It is served with a side of spiced mayo which is delicious.  I know alot of people order the coconut chicken salad as well.  It seems to be pretty popular.The waitress didn't seem very pleasant but did the job she was hired to do.  The food was served timely and the drinks were never empty.  My waitress doesn't have to be my friend after my meal.The ambience tries to resemble an old saloon but it is really just crowded and uncomfrotable.I go to this establihsment because it is convenient to meet friends and i can usually get a table.  I would reccomend this to someone looking for a quick meal that doesn't care about service or is picky about the menu.
2	A party of 3 went there last night with 5:45 reservations; a table of 3 females were sat approximately 5-6 minutes AFTER we were sat and we were still waiting on service. When I made the reservations I stated we had tickets for Wicked at 7:30 and the male on the phone said that would not be a problem - he was WRONG! After finally getting John our server he took our drink and appetizer order and went to the females just sat; took their drink order - then proceeded to provide their drinks; took their dinner order THEN took care of our table! He was told that we too were going to Wicked (yep the 3 females also  told him as we could clearly hear them when they arrived that they were going to Wicked).  We told him we'd go ahead and take our salads prior to the appetizer - no protocol due to the timing of the situation; we received our food at 6:50! - he apologized for the delay - needless to say the other party had already long had their dinners and were paying their check! The food was OK; nothing to write home about - our bill for 3 people was $112 and we were treated in such a manner! We tried them because they ADVERTISE as a pre-event spot but trust me do NOT go there; you won't have time to eat and digest your food; what a disappointment with the dining experience - TOO many good places to have this type  of situation happen ever!  I tried to contact them today to let a manager know but alas he was too busy to come to the phone and their is no Contact us on their website.  Good luck to them - I plan on posting our experience and advising others to make sure they plenty of time and you are NOT going to a show. Oh and did I forget they advertised on their website the Tuesday special as $4.00 house wine; however we were charged $6.00 a glass - sad, sad series of events!
3	Stopped in for a quick lunch. The bread they use in their reuben is particularly good.
4	Stopped in for a very late lunch and we were the only ones there. We asked for a beer list and when it came, I was pleased to see a great variety - something for everyone. For food, my husband and I couldn't resist sharing the stuffed pretzel app and it was de-lish! For our entrees I had the sweet potato-battered chicken sandwich, very good but nothing spectacular. The sweet potato fries were delicious. My husband had the fish & chips, which he claimed were "as good as he'd ever had with an awesome dipping sauce." We'd definitely come back for a casual meal next time we're in the area.
4	Post art crawl, all I really wanted in life was a burger. Yup, a meaty, falls apart when you pick it up from all the juices, burger. This is VERY uncharacteristic of how I usually eat, so my dining companion and I were at a bit of a loss. Not wanting to leave the penn ave/liberty ave corridor of activity, we decided on August Henry's- pretty much based on the decor. It has this walnut wood, old timey Pittsburgh feel, kind of like the upstairs interior of the Carnegie Library meets a pub. Very neighborly, pretty cheap. This really neat old map of downtown Pittsburgh, circa 1906, hangs on the far wall. We were greeted warmly and seated promptly at a high top table,  The menu is pretty vast. Huge salad selection (a sweet potato chicken salad that looked amazing), but on this day, it had to be straight up cow for me. I ordered the Kobe beef burger, rare, with jalapenos and mozzarella cheese. There are a few interesting cheeses to choose from and the sides......try the deep fried green beans! Nice, flavorful batter, not greasy. Kinda goes against the purpose of the all mighty green bean, but hey, we were living on the edge!The burger was HUGE and juicy perfection, buttery and delicious. I probably would have opted for the mushrooms next time though, as the jalapenos were a tad dry and not spicy? I could only shove a few of those green beans in my mouth before giving them to my pal. Yum! This place hit my craving perfectly.It seems that this place is an awesome after work happy hour spot. Give it a try instead of the Sharp Edge up the street next time.
3	Food is better than the place looks.  I got a pasta dish that was impressive for a "bar".  They have good bar food too.
5	Great little bar and restaurant in the downtown area.  Huge selection of bottled beer.  Everything is moderately priced.  This place is a must if you like the bar scene.  The bartender on Thursday  night was very good. She made sure I never had an empty glass.  She was also very informative when it came to things to do in the city as I will be in town for a few days.  Kudos to her.  She is a great asset to this place and an excellent ambassador to the city.
2	My wife ordered the Lobster Tail Club and was slightly disappointed. While she found that it was good in the taste department, the presentation and portion size left a little to be desired. The sandwich came with the fan part of the tail shell still on. Not exactly the most appetizing way to present the dish. Also, the tail meat that was left, after removing the shell, looked puny on the bun. Definitely not worth the price. I had the Blackened Buffalo Burger with a mix of regular and sweet potato fries. No real complaints here. The burger had good flavor and was cooked as I had ordered and the fries were decent albeit a little cold, but I just didn't find anything all that outstanding about the experience. If you throw in what the meal cost, I'm not sure I will go back.
2	i'd say this place is good but not great. the service was excellent, but the food left some to be desired.we ordered a chicken spinach artichoke dip that came with pita. it was alright. worth trying, not worth getting again. we also ordered loaded cheese fries (which were no longer on the menu, but they agreed to make for us anyway!) which were pretty good once you dug to the bottom to get all the cheese. for my entree i ordered a philly cheese steak... much like the dip, not bad but nothing special. the fries were good though and the prices were reasonable.
1	Ordered take-out from this place and ordered Filet Mignon.  An hour after I place the order I get a call stating that they are out of filet and am asked what I want to do. I asked if I could look at the menu and am told to call back soon because my order is the last one they are taking for the night for take-out (basically hinting that I needed to hurry up). I call back and said I'll get New York Strip and am told I'd have to pay the extra $4....not a huge deal but I would just expect in the name of courtesy they'd waive the $4 fee.  Especially since it took an hour for them to call and tell me this.
2	Eh, what can I really say about August Henrys? The food is less than spectacular. Nothing worth trying out really. Service was pretty good though. I don't really know what to write for an establishment when their food is bleh. I mean... I don't know. I won't be making any trips back any time this year or the next few.
4	Love this place! Great, traditional delicious  American food that always pleases. The giant salads with homemade dressings and croutons are to die for! The management is so pleasant to work with as I have hosted a few private parties here! Lunch, dinner, big or small groups- August Henry's is my clutch American joint downtown that never disappoints!
3	I love the old school decor, the tile floors, the wood trim.  But the food here is just okay.  Their location is definitely great for attending an event downtown, so I will probably be back.
1	Ordered delivery. We got food poisoning from the mussels. Called and spoke with manager who responded by saying they had served a few orders already and thanks...click.  Well played.....a@@@hole
5	Love this place, bartenders and staff are great and 3 big screens make it the best place in the area to catch a game. Great selection of beers and martinis!
5	I had a four hour wait in Pittsburgh and wanted to get some food. From this one trip I could definitely recommend Henry's. the food was good (I had the French Dip), the staff was super friendly and they didn't kick me out when I waited for my train for an hour after I finished my food. If you're traveling through Pittsburgh and need a quick pitstop for a reasonable price, try Henry's.
2	August Henry's has a lot of potential - the location could be a prime spot for pre-theater diners, for post-theater drinks, for weekend lunch while out and about downtown.  But the service makes it pretty awful.I was staying at the Courtyard across the street on a recent visit to Pittsburgh and my brother and I ventured over to August Henry's to grab a drink and a snack as we prepared to do some bar/happy hour hopping.  It was about 3 pm on a Saturday.  We walked in and sat at the bar.  There were 2 other people at the bar, both drinking beers.  After we sat down, someone, who I assumed was the bartender came over and asked if we wanted some waters while we waited.  Um, sure?  I was a little confused as I was unsure exactly what I was waiting for.  I assumed a menu.  After about 15 minutes of not another single person even looking in our direction or speaking a word to us, we left.  I'm still not entirely sure what I was supposed to be waiting for.  Some communication would have helped.  I would have considered giving it another try on Sunday during the football game, but they weren't open.  I would possibly give it another try next time I'm back in town - but only if I can't find a better option.  Sorry August Henry's - I'm still wondering what we were waiting for.
2	Average food at best that is extremely over priced. This was my first and last time here.
5	Hosted my last big event here in November and rented the entire restaurant. They are top notch here: food, service, prices, staff! Can't wait to come back!
3	This is a unique review for me because I really can't go too in-depth about the food...what we ordered was delicious, but it is all a blur! We were running very late for our 6:30 reservation and were going to see a show at the Benedum at 7:30. We were seated and ordered right away. Jeff was such a wonderful server! He took care of us very quickly, brought our check over right away and even informed the kitchen about our rush to get to the show. My friend and I split a Tuna Steak Burger and a Sweet Potato Chicken Salad. Both of them were good, I wish I would have had more time to enjoy the food! I was honestly still chewing when we ran out the door to the show. I didn't think the prices were too bad for the portions we received...$13 for the burger and $12 for the salad... but most of their dinner entrees ranged from $20-30.I would definitely give this place another try when I have a little more time to savor my meal!
3	As another poster wrote, the location of August Henry's is perfect, just down the street from the Convention Center.  The ambience holds it back a bit, as it just looks like a bit of a dive bar and is competing with several very nice restaurants in the same area.From my one visit, I would say that the food exceeds expectations.  I had a Tuna Steak Salad.  Tuna was blackened with cajun seasoning and was very tasty!  Came with a wasabi flavored dressing, cranberries and almonds.  Not what I'd expect just looking at the inside of the pub.Service, as a few people have posted, can be a bit slow but they seemed short staffed (vs. the servers not caring or being lazy).  It feels like more of a local hangout for guys (very few single people or couples...mostly groups of guys).  One lone woman got hit on quite a few times.I'll probably go back as there were a few other menu items that sounded good...again, a better selection than what I'd expect just looking in.
1	Well, I must say that words fail me. If there is a worse place in Pittsburgh's downtown to eat, particularly at this price point, I cannot imagine it. Service was impossibly slow, the food nothing more than commercially prepared fare warmed or re-grilled on the premises, and even that wasn't done very well. The wait staff was uninterested in their customers and unkempt to the point of being dirty: and this from a Williamsburg, Brooklynite who knows nasty when he sees it. The menu tries to be everything to everybody, and as a result the restaurant produces an incredibly poor product. My biggest mistake was eating what was served instead of leaving. Don't make this mistake.
4	August Henry's is a regular lunch stop for me downtown. Yes, it's still lent so I once again tried a fish sandwich. I promise I enjoy all types if food. I wanted to share that it can be tough squeezing in lunch here under the traditional 1 hour lunch window. Also anticipate the bill to be closer to $15+ per person and easily could be $20 if you do some add on's. I went with jumbo fish sandwich and a cup of soup. The soup was a cup of clam chowder and it was "delish!" I could have just eaten a few bowl of that. The fish was breaded and perfectly cooked with a side of chips. I got my ever present coke w cherries added. I recommend this stop if you are lucky enough to work downtown.
4	We ate here because the had pierogies on the menu only to find out when ordering that they had ran out which was a HUGE  disappointment for me. I did order the brisket sandwich which was very good. They were very busy and packed to the gills. I had made an reservation the day before and was really glad I did. I made it thru open table which is really easy to do and I would suggest this for anyone going for dinner.
5	In town for guys weekend and it was across the street from our hotel. Went on Friday for last call, it was karaoke night that's was fun. The wait staff Sarah and Christie were very nice and had great personality. Beer was cheap. Went back on Saturday and Amanda was the bar tender, we end up staying there for 8 hrs had fun time will be going back.Food was excellent and great drink and food specials
3	I have eaten lunch at August Henry's several times while working downtown.  The food was always pretty tasty.  I never had an issue of not liking what I ate, but I seemed to always have an issue with getting my food in time to make my hour lunch break not run over.  Even going during off lunch hours (like after 2pm) we have waited 30+ minutes for our fare.  This part I have never been a fan of, especially when several times I was there with a friends and there was literally no one else in the dining area.  The servers though I have never had any particular issues with rudeness or anything, have a very lax perspective to urgency.  I went before with a friend and the bartender/waitress came over to our table about 5 minutes after we sat down for drink orders and disappeared for 25+ minutes after that.  No one at the bar, no one in the dining/bar area.  It felt odd.  When she finally came back our food was still not in sight.  We had to yell across the empty restaurant to get refills.  When she came we asked how long until or food, she said a few minutes.  When she finally did bring our food, sandwiches mind you, about 40+ minutes had passed and we needed to book it back to work.  We asked for our bill and boxes.  So there is that, I don't really recommend coming here if you are on a strict time limit.My last visit here was just for drinks.  My one friend is moving to Houston so we did one slightly crazy night bar hopping and August Henry's was second on the list due to one member of our party holding strong that they have an abundance of beers on tap.  When we got there it was pretty busy.  We luckily found a few seats at the bar and sat down.  It took a while to get anyone to wait on us.  I know it was busy but here is the weird thing.  Me and my husband order while he is getting our drinks my friends are talking about what they want.  He took my card brought our drinks and disappeared!  My other two friends sat without a drink for several minutes before he returned.  Thought that was really not cool, but whatever they weren't upset but I probably would've been if it was me.  So I guess the strangest thing about our short visit that Friday night was that the Pittsburgh Opera Performers were there doing improv opera... :/  Just as we start to drink they begin to belt out some sort of story line, I don't know what it was, it was loud and not enjoyable for me or my friends so we were one and done and onto the next place to continue our night.  I would go back to August Henry's but only if I had a lot of time and probably not for Happy Hour.
2	Went here after a show.Not very clean,little run down.Not a soul in the place and the hostess asked if we had a reservation.lolGot the Ahi Tuna dinner,was way overdone.My kids got wings and pizza,that was decent.Wife's crab cake and steak was also decent.Way over priced for the quality of food and decor.Probably will not be back.
3	...stopped before a show at the Benedum with my son. I guess the going rate is $6 for a glass of beer these days, but I don't have to like it. Son got a burger and I got the chicken salad. Place reminds me of a turn of the century place with the mosaic tile and dark wood. Pretty quick service and the bill didn't knock me off the stool.
4	I stopped here for lunch and was pleased with my burger. Cooked a perfectly as I ordered it and had great flavor. Service was a little slow despite not being overwhelmingly busy. I would come again.Everyone in my party got a burger and everyone was pleased but I can't comment on the other food.
5	Man, that is a tasty burger! Great service and cozy atmosphere. Menu is a bit pricy but my margarita was stiff and the staff was very attentive.
4	I've been here twice, but my most recent visit was on Thursday evening, 18 December, for supper and a drink while waiting for my connecting train at the nearby Amtrak station.  It was not busy at all, and, since it was just myself, I sat at the bar.  There, I was served promptly.  For beer, I had a 20-oz. Miller Lite draft, which was the special for the Pens game that was on during that time, and that ran me $4, which is about average for Pittsburgh, I'd say.  For food, I had the Chipotle Burger, with the Saloon Chips upgraded to onion rings, and that entree was very filling but good.  Follow-up service from the bartender was frequent but not obtrusive.  I may have stayed longer, but a gaggle of very annoying women (in their twenties, probably -- y age group) came in just after I was done eating.  Apparently, it was ladies' night, but that was unadvertised.  Recommended, overall.
