3	Normally we'd go to CiCi's in Matthews (and I've even reviewed them before, if memory serves).  But lately we've been in the University Area more often, which means we're checking out a different location.It used to be that this particular franchise looked a lot different from Matthews, but over time, the Matthews location seems to have been cleaned up with a different look, so I'm thinking that the Matthews location was either purchased by the same franchisee, or was told to bring itself up to certain standards.In any case, the University CiCi's is a bit nicer overall, with a single buffet line, instead of two, and the decor is nicer too.  Also, the staff is generally a lot more friendly than in Matthews - rather than just yelling out the typically CiCi's greetings, and sounding like they are getting through their shift, they are actually interested in your well-being.  Or they seem like they are anyway.The pizza itself is about the same, but the major different here is that if you don't see what you like - or even if you seem to be having trouble finding something - the staff will offer to make something up and bring it out to you.  This is something that all CiCi's will do, but generally you have to ask for it, and the University CiCi's goes out of their way to do it.  Big thumbs up for that.
3	Cici's is a buffet-style pizza restaurant for family-style eating. This location has a nice salad bar, fresh, hot pizza, low, low prices, and is nearly always crowded on weekends. I took my twins here tonight, and it was a mob scene. The help is cheerful and efficient. They know how to keep the food moving and the people moving and the mouths full. With a crowd like the one we saw tonight, it's hard for the bus boys to move through the aisles and clean tables, though. These people hustle!This is definitely a "strap on the proverbial feedbag," inexpensive, all-you-can-eat restaurant. I'm always sadly amused at the number of exceedingly obese people who frequent this place. Tonight, there seemed to be an inordinate number of flatulent fatties wearing stretch clothing and tattoos, and smelling like they hadn't bathed after afternoon orgies in the hog barn. The pizza was great, but the ambient odors from the guests were, well, off-putting to say the least! Even my 11-year-olds were grossed out by the egregious display of gluttony and poor hygiene! But, we're all guys, so that didn't stop us from eating.Hey, at these prices, with such tasty comfort food and no limits, you get all the hungry dregs of humanity. It's a freak show, but we'll be back with the kids. (I need to get to a real haute cuisine place soon, to recover from this!)
4	Once again, a report from my niece Emily. "It's a good way to eat cheap and to all who love pizza you should try this is XL's  niece  reporting to you for Cici's Pizza"OK, here's my inputPros- CHEAP all you can eat pizza & salad ($5 not including soda).- Tasty. You can order any flavor if they don't have it at the serving area. 1st time I ever tried mac & cheese pizza. You can ask for thin crust.- Reasonable salad selection- Simple but tasty deserts- Fantastic & nice servers - well trained.- Plenty of indoor seating- kid friendly - includes a game area. My niece really ate alot.Cons- Heard they used to have Alfredo sauce for the pasta - but they didn't have when we visited.Return Visit- When I return next time.
1	Very disappointed tonight. Ordered a special pizza that wasn't on the pizza bar and it was never delivered. Manager was too busy texting on his cell phone to once walk around the restaurant. Poor service.
5	I mean it's cicis. You get what you pay for foodwise, but this particular location has an incredibly friendly and helpful staff. And I'm always seeing something about them giving back to the community. IMHO this sets them above.
4	Cici's is a place to get cheap all you can eat pizza.  The pizza is on par with other chain pizza restaurants (better than hot n' ready's from little cesars, on par with domino's, maybe slightly under pizza hut or papa john's).  This location is great and John the manager is one of the best in the business.  He goes above and beyond what he needs to do to help the customer and make sure everything is going well.  They will make you any pizza you ask for.  Some suggestions: try the bbq pizza with added toppings (I like to get it with onions and pepperoni).  My wife likes the mac and cheese with jalapenos.  The cheese steak and cheese burger pizza are delicious as well.  All of the thin crusts are good too.  My wife says the salads are good too, similar to olive garden.  Its a good place to eat a huge amount of decent pizza for very cheap.
3	Visiting family in Harrisburg, and had our first Cici's experience while in N.C. I'm not a huge fan of pizza, but I was impressed with the offerings at this Cici's. The place was packed with families, and lots of kids, but the workers seemed to handle everything well. The pizzas were constantly replenished, and hot. The small salad bar was kept neat, despite constant traffic flow. I didn't try the Buffalo chicken pizza, but heard it was a pretty good tasting concoction. The chicken noodle soup wasn't too bad, except the poor noodles were well past the noodle phase, and closer to mush. Typical of what you'd want at a pizza buffet, pasta, pizzas, salad, and soup. The desserts (brownies?) looked okay, and our order of chicken wings pleased everyone at our large table. I'm assuming it was the manager that was standing in the dining area, saying hello to customers, that made for friendly service.
