5	My mom and I love this place! Nice and clean with painted ocean decor. All the girls do AMAZING work! They are true artists! Always coming up with new designs! We always try to go to Lindsay! She is a sweetheart! Pedicures there are just as amazing and we have never had to wait long even if we just walk in. Prices are very resonable also! They have a big screen TV and usually have it on the travel channel or entertainment TV. I like this because alot of places play cheesy music too loud. lol.. I have went to numerous places in Surprise and when my mom turned me on to this place I have never went anywhere else! I
4	They do awesome pedicures. You can walk in, very short wait if any. Price very reasonable. Its not fancy, but its clean.
5	Best place on town . Tried a bunch of other sites and tried deals on living social. But nothing compares
4	I always come here to get my pedicures and eyebrows waxed. The prices are good, $18 for basic pedi, $23 if you want the heel/callous treatment. I don't get acrylics but for manicure or polish i recommend the gel it dries immediately, looks better and lasts longer. The staff are nice, there's a new guy who works there now who does an excellent job. Owners are great. They even did my 4yo nails to keep her occupied while i got mine done for $5. I definately recommend this place and the room where they wax is nice with painted ocean blue walls. They do prefer cash, especially for tips, but accept cards as well.
1	Since this place is super close to my house I see the sign all the time driving by.. So I stopped in today and I'm not impressed. While it does seem clean the people don't speak much English and it was really frustrating. My pedicure colour/design is not what I wanted but after 3 times trying to explain to 2 different people- I just gave up. I ended up with some bright crazy crap and the "stone" massage isn't even worth mentioning. Waste of time and money. My acrylic set turned out less than average. Even though it's a whole new full set it looks like a back fill and has visible bubbles. Biggest problem was that the big sign out front says $18 pedicure $22 full set- ended up costing me $58! Yeah why they charged me $40 for a $22 set beyond me. And of course they couldn't tell me why it was $40 bc they didn't "understand" what I was saying. Again. Needless to say I won't be going back..
5	Great service great prices. Nice little local place in Surprise. I choose them over Scottsdale place which are in walking distance.
5	I am PICKY when it comes to my nails....  usually have them done for a special occasion then, get them off as quick as I can! Well, after seeing Lynn for a full set for Christmas... I ... AM... HOOKED!!!!She did such a FANTASTIC job. I am going in for a fill!!! Looks like after all these years, I finally found a GOOD NAIL TECH!!!!
2	I used to come here all the time, this place is right by my house so it was very convenient for me. They did good work and the prices are good. I never really had anyone specific I would go with. A couple of the specialist are good and some not so good. I probably should have stuck to one tech and this place would have gotten a better review from me. I was satisfied with their work until the last 2 times I went. The first to last time I went I got sat with some new guy and he seemed to be rushed and kept hurting me. It took me a while to come back but I decided to give this place another shot since I've never had a problem before. But now the last time I went, they again sat me in the same place as before but this time there was another new guy that I had never seen. Everything seemed good even though he kept asking me personal questions and asking me about my tattoos which made me feel really uncomfortable so I kept being short with him. I knew what I wanted and I told him before he started. I always get a full color shellac color and that time I wanted a full white nail with glitter on top. When It was finally time to put the color on he grabbed some polish that didn't look like the shellac gel polish. I asked him if that was shellac gel and he said yes. Then before he put on the polish 2 ladies started talking to him in their language and they both started looking at me very ugly and would talk to him. I got even more uncomfortable and bothered so I asked the ladies what the problem was. One lady answered me really rudely and told me that the white polish would crack if they put it on. I didn't understand how it would crack if "shellac gel polish" isn't supposed to crack. I told her that was fine but the guy doing my nails didn't say that to me and again she answered me rudely and said "well he didn't know." OK that's fine that he doesn't know (since he seemed new anyway) but I really don't get what the point of being mean and rude to me was if obviously i didn't know that the white shellac nail polish was supposed to crack. Anyways I changed my color and they kept talking in their language and looking at me. Then the man doing my nails looks at me and says "see you made everyone mad now." Like are you serious right now?! Not a way to treat your customers at all! I am very disappointed and will NEVER be returning here again.
4	The 4th star is for being open on Sundays :D When you walk in, be prepared & listen up! Someone from the back of the salon will shout out "what do you need?" You tell them what you need, expl: mani, pedi. Then they will tell you where to go "pick your color and sit there (pointing at a seat)". You will only get this instruction once before they go back to their current customer, so pay attention! Just kidding, lol, if you ask they will repeat themselves, but for some reason that makes me nervous :DI normally get seated quickly. Everyone is pretty polite. The prices are VERY reasonable & they do a good job. Some time back there seemed to be some internal conflict happening and I got to watch some drama unfold from time to time, lol, but that all seems to have been resolved OR there's a truce on Sundays. They will chat with you if you want to chat. I'm weird, I find it incredibly relaxing to watch them do my manicure and/or pedicure. It's FASCINATING, lol. I become completely engrossed & lose track of time.
4	I've been coming here for my fills and pedicures for some time now.  When it comes to nails you do have your choice since there is a nail salon on every major cross road in Surprise.Pros-Jesse is great at acrylic and fills - Lee & Hannah are great at pedicures- Staff have always have been friendly to meCons- Be prepared to wait and even be asked to come back -  Not enough nail techs on the weekends
1	Called on the phone to see the price to just paint my daughter's nails and they said 3.00-4.00 well it was 7.00 just to paint my daughter's nail because they put on some heart design which was crappy heart that wasn't even filled in all the way. It ended up being 8.00 because I gave her 1.00 tip which she was lucky she got that.  Don't go there they fail to mention that the extra design is like 3-4.00
1	In all of my years of getting pedicure's, this has to be in my top 3 worst places and experiences. It's so bad, instead of sitting here and enjoying my $35 (say what!!) pedicure, I am typing a review on Yelp. I'm not even going to add up all of the reasons it's sucked. I'm going to let the statement stand. "Typing review WHILE getting pedicure".... It is that bad!!!!!!
1	I made a difficult decision. For me, anyway. After noticing that my nails were literally peeling I decided to stop the gel manicures. I had also started feeling a sensitivity in my fingertips. Articles online said that the gel polish can cut off oxygen to the nails. So it was with a heavy heart that I walked into Coming Nails to have a pedicure and my gel polish removed. This is not my usual salon.They took me right away. I was at first gagged with the fumes. The door was closed and there was no sign of a vent system. I became quickly acclimated as I knew I would be. I chose a color and sat in the chair. A TV on the wall blared out Judge Judy. It was jarring. I tuned it out as I turned on the massage chair. The technician, a younger woman with no name tag, struggled with English. There was no conversation. But that didn't bother me. I was here to relax. What bothered me was when she dug under my toenail and made me cry out. And then shortly after, she nearly burned my foot during the rinse. My foot was red.Then it was time for the manicure. I had explained to her and to a much older woman who seemed to be in charge twice that I wanted the polish removed without replacement because my nails were damaged. She still asked what color I wanted and when I said no color, she seemed surprised. I explained again and the older woman translated. During the manicure, she was as aggressive as during the pedicure. She trimmed my ring finger and drew blood. I told her that she has to stop hurting me. She didn't acknowledge the injury. She wanted to know about my home life. I was in no mood to chat at this point.They continued to talk in Vietnamese while I sat there. I then realized that she was pulling the manicure instruments out of her drawer. They hadn't been cleaned. So I was bleeding from dirty instruments. I washed my hands well in hot water and returned to the table for the arm massage. I noticed that my nails were jagged but I did not bring it to her attention. I wanted out. I paid the bill and rushed home to use anti biotic ointment.This salon is very unprofessional. The technicians cannot communicate comfortably with clients. There isn't a protocol for cleaning the instruments even though they do have the machine there. There are no name tags. They wear street clothes. There is no relief from the stench. They put on music near the end of my experience but there was no relaxation possible with the TV on. This was not a pleasant experience and definitely not a safe one. This salon needs someone intelligent and client focused to turn it around.
