1	Gave them a try 10/22/12. Best of luck to a beginner's stab at a restaurant. I doubt they will be around long:Observations:1. Main entrance is not used, everyone who came in after us could not find the door. I actually had to point the direction for at least six customers who stood at the locked doors.2. "Market Price" board at entry is small, dark, and unreadable.3. Spartan surrounding devoid of any decor4. Music; radio station blaring loudly and preventing normal conversation.5. Service staff, though eager, are ill prepared and trained.Food:1. Calamari appetizer, typical batter fried rings served with as much lemon wedges as product. A small basket for $9.00...2. Shrimp Po-Boy, shrimp was adequate but no better than frozen batter fried from the grocery. $13.99...3. Parmesan garlic fries, add $1 for standard out of the bag potatoes coated liberally in garlic with a touch of Parmesan cheese. Side order of same is $4.99.4. Ice tea and soda, $2.50 a glass.5. Whole Tilapia battered and fried (overly fried) served with large serving of plain white rice and a small cup of Coleslaw, $15.99.Condiments:1. Nothing is offered or provided. Sweetener, salt, pepper, soy sauce, ketchup, eating utensils (plastic), etc., must be requested.Maybe it was a bad night but the prices remain out of line for the quality and dining experience.
3	Was excited to try this place out since we love boiling crab, hot n juicy, and crab corner...but was disappointed. The service was SLOW...even though there was only one other table eating, we waited quite a bit. When we got our blue crabs, they were overdone and didnt seem as fresh as we get from other places. I really wanted to like this place...their cajun sensation sauce IS real good. Perhaps next time I'll just get the shrimp and maybe snow crab legs. Their bananas in pajamas dessert was good, but its a bit pricey for what you get. I hope they do better next time.
1	We went last Saturday. The service was slow (they are just getting the hang of things as they are new) but the kitchen was horrible. Our side of sweet potato fries ($4.99!) came out long before the entrees. I ordered the crab cake dinner, which when they already brought my food out to me, the waiter said that they didn't have all the ingredients for the dinner (ie corn and I can't remember what else but it was standard kitchen items).  They should have given me the option of ok-ing the order or changing it. In addition, you would think a seafood place wouldn't use frozen pre-made crab patties, but this place does.  The most bizarre is the corn chips, haracha sauce and sweet/sour sauce that they give when you first sit down.
2	I understand this is a new business, so I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt that when I came in opening week, they were still trying to work things out. When I first came in I stood at the entrance for about five minutes before a server greeted me and told me my group could sit anywhere we want. The menu has your traditional seafood cooked up Louisiana style, but you can see touches of filipino influence thrown in with items like lumpia, fried tilapia, adobo, and halo halo. They also have filipino beer like Red Horse and San Miguel you won't find in your typical restaurant. My party started off with the clam chowder in a bread bowl and calamari. The clam chowder came out cold. Barely room temperature. The calamari portions were surprisingly small for the price you pay and the calamari itself were small to boot. For the main course I ordered the crabcake sandwich with cajun fries. I believe you have to pay $1 extra for fries of your choice. The sandwich was good, but came out cold again making me wonder if it's made fresh. I guess I didn't mind since since eating cold crab isn't as bad as eating cold clam chowder. My friend had the fried shrimp with parmesan garlic fries. At first we thought they brought out the wrong fries, but upon closer inspection the fries were sprinkled with a little bit of parmesan and granulated garlic. I was expecting something along the lines of wing stops parmesan flavor they put on their wings. I barely could taste the difference between regular fries. The amount of fries they give you is small too. The shrimp on the other hand was pretty good. We ordered in cajun sensation and the shrimp were very large and came out piping hot. Our servers were really good. Checked on our tables often when we needed them and were nice people. Despite the short comings with the food I do want to return in a couple months because I want to support new small businesses. Hopefully by then the kitchen will be sorted out.
5	I love it here!! This is gonna be my new seafood spot!!  Love their cajun sensation -spicy... Even came with potatos!  Ooohhh snap!!  ...and the fish-n-chips... to die for!
5	Had the whole enchilada style-medium shrimp and crispy pata... And topped off with bananas in pajamas... YUM!  Next time... crab legs n boba!
5	Really big & fresh shrimp ! And finally, a place who can do sisig right ! Our new spot for Sunday lunch (:
2	My mother in law was looking for a place to eat.  We just came from the airport, so we came to this side of town to explore our options.  California Crab is where we stumbled upon.  Its a cajun joint owned by the previous store owners, turned restaurant.  California crab, it even has a filipino buffet inside.  So yup, cajun style seafood AND an option for Filipino buffet.  They split the restaurant with those that eat buffet, and those that eat cajun.  Today we did both.  My mother in law had the buffet and my other half split a sisig burrito.  I am not reviewing for their seafood.  We did come in  pretty early, so their options at the buffet looked nice and fresh.  My MIL said that their pansit and pinakbet were tasty.  Sisig burrito sounded a whole lot better than it tasted.  It got served with fries.  It was a pretty big portion, so I did get full off of half of it.  It was sisig, garlic rice, and egg wrapped in a tortilla.  Something I would spruce up with left overs, haha.  It wasn't anything out of this world in that style, but I still would like to try their sizzling platter and other things on the menu too.  Our server was friendly, but for not having anyone else in the restaurant, he sounded a bit flustered when we were requesting for certain things.  Hot tea, came out warm, not hot, I don't think the hot pot boiled the water long enough.  As other previous yelpers stated, its a fairly new restaurant.  I will probably come back to give other things a try, and until I get the wow factor is when I will change my rating.  I do hope they perfect their business.  It has potential.
4	I have been here three times.  It is getting better each time.  Service was severely lacking before, but has gotten better.  It was a two star restaurant before, now 3.5 - 4 stars.Shrimp is great.  Medium spice is not that hot.  I wish they had sausage to go with these shrimp  and crab boils.
3	California Crab is one of the many Cajun seafood restaurants that sprung up all over the Las Vegas valley. Diners have the option of eating seafood a la carte or partaking in the Filipino buffet. I was definitely in a crabby mood so I decided to try the buffet another time.I like how they display the seafood market price right at the entrance. On the day we went, I got the dungeness crab for $15.99/lb. with the big bang sauce. My husband got the sisig burrito with fries. We also got a taro smoothie with boba. The concept was the same as all of the other Cajun places in town. You put on a bib, they bring out the fresh piping hot seafood in a plastic bag mixed with all the delicious sauce. My crab was a good size, and the waiter advised me that the crab would most likely come out to $20-$30 because of the weight. It was really fresh and the sauce had just the right amount of heat for me. My husband's sisig burrito was like Jesse N. described "a Filipino breakfast wrapped in tortilla." It was jam packed with sisig, garlic fried rice and egg. The sisig was pretty good and the rice was very garlicky (but I didn't mind because I love garlic!). The taro smoothie with boba was a good size, much bigger than other boba places (a huge plus!) and the boba was a good consistency.Service was also good. Our server was nice and attentive. One downside was the food took a while to come out. There were only two other tables occupied so I'm not sure what the hold up was.There were a lot of items on the buffet line and I'm sure I'll be back to try it soon. It is a good deal at $9.99 and includes a drink.
2	Went last night with a party of six, 4 adults and 2 children. We live within minutes of California Crab, and were happy to try this place out. Unfortunately, our family will make the drive to HnJ Crawfish for any future Cajun seafood needs. We were greeted and seated quickly as they pushed two tables together to accommodate our party. (Although there is no mention of it on the menu, or anywhere else for that matter, a party of six adds an automatic 18% ). After being seated, we were offered menus and drinks. After the drinks were delivered, we attempted to order. While not a terribly complex order, our server had an abnormally difficult time taking our order and read back the order with several errors. After attempts to correct, we decided to just go with what he wrote and left it in fate's hands. The food arrived about twenty minutes later in bags of tasty sauce, similar to other local Cajun style seafood places. We had a pound each of crawfish, snow crab, two pounds of shrimp, and three pounds of king crab:The good: the sauces and the crab. The bad: crawfish and shrimp that were extremely difficult to extract from their shell and had a mushy grainy consistency on the palate. The crawfish were the worst I have ever experienced. Drink service for alcohol was extremely slow (he forgot to bring them, in an almost-empty restaurant) and didn't deliver our $2 side of bread until we were ready to leave. As the server was clearing our table, I asked if the seafood was frozen. He stammered for a moment, saying everything was ..., and lost control of a bag spilling the spicy butter sauce all over the table and on to my wife's Christmas Coach purse. He never finished his sentence on the freshness of the seafood. At payment time, this level of service is usually met with a tip reflecting our pleasure/displeasure with the staff. Not so in this case, as we had 18% tacked on automatically. There is definite potential here, but the lack of fresh seafood combined with inept serve will likely a doom any chances at continued success. I can't fathom anyone returning, and can positively say that we will not.
5	Hands down!  The big bang seasoning n shrimp is to die for!  They recently added the filipino buffett with it... JUST MORE TO EAT! Holla!
4	Today was my first time at CA Crab.  When I checked in, I noticed that they give you 10% off if you give them a 5 star review and show the server the review on your phone.  Although I certainly like paying less for things, I couldn't do it.  Had they earned 5 stars, they would have gotten 5.  But, can't do it.  If we all just sell reviews I think it kind of destroys the purpose of yelping at all.That being said, it was a very good lunch.  My buddy and I both had the "big bang," which is all 3 spices combined, on a pound of shrimp.  We got between medium and spicy, but next time I will probably just order spicy.  I wanted more heat.  The sauce is thick, thicker than I recall at Hot and Juicy on Spring Mountain.  So, it clung to the shrimp well.  But, it's similar in other respects, very flavorful, and comes in a huge plastic bag.  It's work getting the shrimp out of the shells, it's why we didn't get crawfish.  I don't recommend you wear white to this place.We each got a side of cajun fries.  I actually like the fries better at CA Crab than I do at HNJ.  You get quite an order also, it was a lot.  I wanted to try the fried shrimp, and requested an order with no fries.  I was told this was not possible, so that was annoying, you HAD to order the full meal.  I would have thought a new business would want people to try more dishes, but we certainly weren't going to order a whole other lunch when we just wanted to try the fried shrimp.  Hopefully CA Crab becomes more flexible and  allows this in the future.I'll be back, it was good flavor, and the shrimp was not a terrible price at $10.99 a pound.  We noticed that it is only $6.99 a pound on Wednesdays, which is a great deal.
5	Best tasting cajun crab legs I've ever had! Cali Crab has perfected their seasoning! I Ordered the calamari and it was really good. Nice batter, cooked right and they didn't cheat on the cheap calamari, it was perfect. Though I didn't try their Filipino food offerings, I appreciated Cali Crab trying to be different.  I don't understand why this restaurant only has three stars; it surely isn't about the food because it's pretty bomb!
4	The food was delicious but very messy to eat ! So I would really have to be in the mood to do some work to eat! I had peel and eat shrimp that was served in a bag that you dump on the table and throw the shell on the table. However the price was very good as these romp were quite large! Would recommend if you don't mind getting a little messy.
2	We stopped by here after Ash Wednesday mass today.  This is a peel your own, get down and dirty type of eatery.  They also give you a bib to protect your clothes from getting sauced or whatnot.For $40, this is what we got:-1 Dungeness Crab:  We got this with the lemon pepper sauce with medium spicy.  The dungeness crab was good, but the lemon pepper sauce didn't do much for it.-1lb of shrimp:  We got this with the big bang sauce, which is a mixture of all the other sauce, at a medium spicy as well.  Those were large shrimps and were a tad  bit undercooked, which is fine by me since I rather have them undercooked than overcooked.   I didn't care for the sauce.-Turons:  Came 5 in an order.  I asked the server whether these were freshly made and fried, and have not been sitting out since earlier today.  She said they were freshly made and fried.  I took a bite off of one and it certainly did not taste freshly made and fried. They have a special where Monday is crawfish for $6.99/lb and Wednesday is shrimp for $6.99/lb.  Without the special, they are $10.99/lb.  I tried the shrimp today, not a fan, so will not be coming back to try their Monday crawfish.Service was pleasant, but won't be coming back for the food.
3	Why all the bad reviews??  Came here one day after work with a friend since I had just found out about the place.  It's a combination of two of our favorite dishes, sisig and spicy seafood in a bag...how bad can it be right??We ordered a pound of shrimp in the big bang sauce spicy and the sizzling sisig...the shrimp were large and the sauce was garlicky and spicy, tons of flavor.  The sizzling sisig had lots of chopped onions and peppers and came with a side of rice.  I actually liked mixing the sauce, sisig and rice together made for a great meal.  What I really liked about this sisig was that it was on a sizzling platter so the bottom of the sisig was nice and crispy by the time we were done...I would've sat there and scraped everything off if I could BUT plastic utensils don't work as well for that...Oh yeah, speaking of- they give us plastic utensils and Styrofoam plates...oh well, they did have a buffet but I'm not down with that...overall, it's definitely a place to revisit since it's up close to Anthem and we don't have to drive all the way to Chinatown for sisig or spicy shrimp!!
5	My favorite spot for Filipino food. Love love love it. Tonight we are also trying the shrimp, and crawfish too. This is so much better than the other places we tried like boiling crab and about tied with hot and juicy. Shrimp Wednesday 6.99 lb, crawfish Monday 6.99 lb. Yayeeeeee
4	Tried it out for lunch. Walked in during the lunch hour and only 3 other tables were filled. Always nervous to try a place when they are not busy during lunch, especially on a Friday. Everything on the menu looks great. I ordered the crab salad sandwich, I asked what type of crab was used, and told blue crab, which is my favorite. I ordered sweet potato fries which were an additional charge instead of regular fries which came with it. After a bit of a wait, I was served. The sandwich had a lot of crab that was in light sauce, fortnately not mayo. served on top of a romaine lettuce leaf and roll. Which was not toasted and a bit stale. So I just made it like a lettuce wrap.  The sweet potato fries were great! Crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. They serve you plenty. The bill was a bit steep, but that's expected when eating seafood in LV. Looking foward to going back and trying something different. Oh, i read on the reviews listed here that if you showed them a Yelp review you save money on your bill. Fortunately I was not asked that... and shame on them if they did and if they do it.
2	BEWARE OF FROZEN CRAWFISH HERE.Before I went here for dinner, I had my husband call to see if they were serving frozen or fresh crawfish.  We were specifically told they were fresh and NOT frozen.  When we got there, we asked again and were told they did NOT have frozen crawfish.  Just to make sure, I ordered one pound....and it was TERRIBLE.  After dinner I asked the waiter to go to the kitchen to ask if we were served FROZEN crawfish because it certainly tasted like FROZEN crawfish.The waiter came back apologizing saying that we were served FROZEN crawfish.  The worst thing about it was we were charged $10.99 for FROZEN crawfish.  I mentioned that Boiling Crab FROZEN crawfish is 6.99 and that HOT N JUICY FROZEN crawfish was 6.99....why are we being charged $10.99 for FROZEN CRAWFISH IF THAT IS NOT THE MARKETPRICE.  They need to understand the meaning of MARKETPRICE if they are going to list it as the price for crawfish.Nasty nasty nasty.  I asked if they can charge me for MP of frozen instead of MP of fresh crawfish and all they did was give me a 10% discount off of the next visit...WTH?????? I'm definitely not coming back. I'm going to continue to be faithful to BOILING CRAB or HOT N JUICY.BTW, The two stars is for the waiter.
2	I would make the drive to go to hot and juicy or boiling crab! Don't waste ur time and money here
1	Went to eat at HOT N JUICY CRAWFISH the night after I ate California Crab just to take the bad taste of Calfornia Crab's FROZEN crawfish out of my mouth.
1	11/16/12 DON'T EAT HERE! Location on Eastern. Walked by this place on Thursday while going to the Greek restaurant next door. Since my family loves crabs "hence the name of the restaurant" we decided to come back on Friday to try. There were what I thought to be 4 customers however soon saw that 2 were either the owners or managers. We ordered crab, then was told they didn't have any. Then ordered fish and chips with fries, lobster, and tilapia. Since I am not a super fan of fried food I asked for the tilapia to be grilled. All the food came out at different times. Fish and chips first which was ok, not great, definetely didn't taste like fresh cod. But we ate it. Then the lobster came out dumped on the table in a bag. We had to ask for plates and silverware everything was plastic. Weird for $40 lobster! The lobster was scolding hot could not even touch it nor would have put something that hot on a plastic plate. So we ate off the table. The taste and seasoning of the lobster was fine. Then came the tilapia - it was placed between my mom and I, she took a bite didn't really say anything just looked at me and then I noticed the horrific smell. I should not have but I tasted it and had to take it out of my mouth to put it nicely. The fish smelled and tasted like bleach. I literally got up and handed it back to the server. Then the manager came to the table WITH the fish and asked me if I had ever had tilapia before...Really! I don't know what was wrong with it I don't even want to know but I quickly packed my family up paid and left. They even charged my credit card the FULL amount and then refunded $13 the cost of the fish. I will never go back.
3	I've been very busy with my life the past few months and did not realize that the grocery store that was once here has turned into a restaurant. For the past few years, I've had Filipino takeout from this place and enjoyed their selection. The food is not as oily or fatty as other Filipino fast food joints. Today, I ate from the buffet and didn't partake in the seafood boils. But I will come back and try the shrimp sometime in the future.There's a little spot in the corner which I assume is for karaoke. They should probably advertise that or have a open mic night or happy hour...something to cater to the young crowd to bring in business. I frequent their competitors and have had poor service most of the time. Cal Crab is family owned and I love all the people that work here. They've always been friendly and they're just genuinely good people. I wish them great success as they try to figure out this new venture because they deserve it.
3	I came here for a birthday treat from a friend. My friend knows how much I love to eat seafood, so she brought me here. We came inside the restaurant, it was empty. The server told us to seat anywhere we want to sit. She handed us the menu and then asked us what we wanted to drink. My friend and I looked over the menu, we ordered shrimp and crab legs. Both were pretty good! The shrimp has a lot of garlic and you can really taste the flavor. The crab legs was a little pricey but it was fresh. The aroma of the garlic and butter really comes out in the crab legs.
2	Okay guys, I know it's been a hot minute since I have done a review, sorry :( Where do I start? I love trying out a new place, especially if its local. We walked in on a Sunday afternoon and I hear crickets. Not a good start. The set up is pretty simple, tables chairs, minimalist? Yes! The Guy tells us to sit wherever. Sitting down, I had a not so good gut feeling about this place but decided that I'm going to brave it and give it a shot. The server was very nice and did his best to provide us with answers. Here's what's on the menu...Shrimp 10.99/lb lemon pepper, medium. Add sausage Sweet potato friesParmesan garlic friesThe shrimps came out in this ridiculously thick and heavy duty plastic bag. Are you going to vacuum deal my leftovers? All I could smell at this point is melting plastic, not my favorite. Inside the bag, a think layer of oil and garlic. I tried one shrimp and it was flavorless but oily. It looks to me like they tried to make it spicy by using chili oil instead of a good blend of spices. I'm not sure where the "pepper" part of the seasoning was but it was garlic infested. I had to send my shrimps back because it was not appetizing to me at all. It really disappoints me to think that someone can open a crab shack and compete with hot and juicy. If you want to compete, you have to be at least just as good, if not, BETTER. You're wasting food and time doing a half ass job by using cheap and useless ingredients. The only thing I can recommend to anyone who wants to give this place a shot is order the sweet potato fries. Service is good, food is terrible. Please just go to Hot n' Juicy. Even though they don't know how to be good servers, at least you're going to pay for great food. Happy eating everyone :) ciao
3	Very good but not great. Quality of the seafood was good but the cajun sauce could have been a little better without so much garlic.
5	First off the food was great.  That alone gets this a good review for me.  I hate people that review a place because there are not enough people, unfortunately new local business have to start somewhere guys, figure it out.  Secondly, this is a crawfish/shrimp/crab place, that is what is good.  If you want fried fish go to an English pub.  The crab was a little pricey but they were HUGE crab legs, not your small little legs.  Honestly, one guy was complaining about not having a fork, guys, this is a seafood in a bag, get your hands dirty, place.I really hope this place makes it because bottom line, the food is good.  The wall decorations will come later once people figure out how good this place is.  Thanks.
4	We came here on a Tuesday afternoon armed with a Living Social voucher. Checking in on Yelp yielded a free  order of fries, but the 10 percent of seems kinda sketchy because they insist that you write a review, and give them 5 stars, and then they will essentially save you  tax money by giving you 10 percent off your order. Our server Omar was pleasant and friendly, and loved to use the formal addess of, "sir" even though a lady was present. Somehow this place has beaten the odds and gotten by for 16 entire months without a single shred of silverware. That's amazing!The ambiance was reminiscent of TGI Fridays circa 1996 (same tables), but aside from what was lacking in ambiance,  the service and the food were stellar!We sure the shrimp fajita platter, which came with no tortillas but garlic  bread instead. This platter was GINORMOUS, and it could probably hold an entire Thanksgiving turkey. There were plenty of shrimp and bell peppers and onions in a deliciously spicy sauce. The garlic bread was great great  for sopping, too! We also had  the clam chowder in a sourdough bread bowl, which was alright albeit   Un- remarkable. Note:  this is a small Filipino owned business, and they have a Filipino buffet during  the day through 6 p.m.I really want to see this place succeed because  the seafood is fresh, and the people are friendly. The even have boba! Hopefully they will get some silverware soon and turn this place into a happening joint. For now it is BYOF (bring your own flatware) if you want something metallic.Patronize this business because the food is worth the visit.
1	I think it's closed! And being replaced by Hot n Juicy! (waving arms like Kermit) YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY!
