1	Even if you're just looking for fast and cheap (screw delicious), you're going to be disappointedWhat happened to Pizza Hut?  I actually have fond childhood memories of pizza feeds at the Hut.  Toppings were plentiful, the sauce palatable and oh that buttery crust.  Over the years, the pizza has morphed into a bland corporate pizza doppelganger that fills the stomach, but not the soul like good food should (I can't believe I wrote that in a review of the Waunakee Pizza Hut).  It's gotten so bad that lately the kids would rather have a bowl of Kraft mac and cheese instead of anything from the local Pizza Hut.The crust:  A good crust should have some bite and chew, and serious flavor.  Pizza Hut fails to deliver on all three aspects.  The buttery crunch I remember has been replaced by greasy, limp and bland.The sauce: It is way too sweet and lacks depth.  Think Ragu spaghetti sauce.  Actually, that may be an insult to Ragu.The toppings:  They have really cut back on the quantity of the toppings over the years.  The pepperoni is cut razor thin and there is barely enough cheese to cover the sauce.  The texture of the cheese is off as well.  Just thinking about this is making me a little queasy.From a service perspective, my biggest gripe that carryout and delivery times are rarely accurate.  I've learned to add about 10 minutes to the stated carryout time and 15 minutes for the stated delivery time. We rarely dine-in at the restaurant anymore, other than the occasional end of year sports banquet for one of the kids.  The restaurant is showing its age and really needs an update. Unless you have a coupon or order one of the specials, Pizza Hut is no longer the bargain it used to be.  For the same price, you can go to Zoe's or Doughboys in Waunakee and get a better pizza in a nicer setting.So that pretty much covers it for today's rather depressing installment of the Waunakee Yelp Chronicles.
3	I thought this 'Hut location was just fine. It's 'Hut and tastes like pretty much every other 'Hut. Decent. Not sure what the other reviews are complaining about.
3	This Pizza Hut is fairly standard.  They have an okay buffet during the week at lunch and some weekend evenings.The menu is the same that you will see at just about any Pizza Hut across the country.The service is generally fine - again, nothing above and beyond, but this is Pizza Hut, you are getting exactly what you should be expecting.
