4	Some say that Five Guys has the best burgers around.  I'm really inclined to agree.  They are really good, probably because they don't dilute the menu with chicken or fish.  You will find that there is a bit of variety - a garden burger, a hot dog, a veggie burger, and that's about it.The larger burger is simply two patties, and you can get it with cheese.  That's where the selection ends for the meal itself.  You can get fries too.  More on that in a minute.  The choice doesn't really end there, however, because you can get whatever you want on the burger - lettuce, tomato, onion (grilled onions as well), mushrooms, mayo, mustard, ketchup, hot sauce, peppers, the list goes on and on.What is probably the most amazing is that the burgers themselves are really good.  The staff is friendly.  The prices aren't bad, if a bit higher than you'll pay at McDonald's - but again, it's worth the difference, because the quality is there, so it's a good tradeoff.The only potential downside is the fries.  If you get there when it's busy, or when they aren't paying attention, you might get some that have been sitting for a while and aren't fresh out of the fryer.  If that's the case, then they aren't going to be good.  They have to come out fresh or they are soggy and nasty.  Other than that, two thumbs up for Five Guys.  Way up.
3	My son and I went to Five Guys todays - my first Five Guys visit. This location is in the Arboretum shopping center - between the Wal-Mart and the Chick-fil-a. I liked that they have only a few menu items....burger, cheese burger, bacon burger etc. and I like that all of the condiments are NO extra charge. I got onion, tomato, lettuce, relish, mayo, ketchup. My son got the burger with bar-b-que sauce and said his was great. We split a small order of fries (pretty good!) and split a drink and our bill was $15+. That is a little steep for me for just a burger so even though the food was a 4-star I am only giving it 3.
4	I like this place. Don't mind the stacks of potatoes and peanut oil so much. Kind of charming in a way. The reviews on the walls are a bit over the top. The Charlotte review they showcase has a revealing pic of Brooklyn Decker attached to it which I rather enjoyed. Completely love the fries but Dave is right about the huge amount you get. Weird thing to complain about I know but it's true. Too much of a good thing in that regard. Their hot dogs are really really good too. Overall tastes great but kind of pricey.
5	Hands down best fast food burgers in town! I love the quality and freshness of their burgers. It's a little bit pricer, but so worth the money for the quality!Ever since I discover Five Guys I have not look at any other fast food joints in town. Say goodbye to Mcdonals, Burger King and Wendy's!
3	How do I write a mixed-bag review about one of our family favorites?Overall we LOVE Five Guys.  It was a staple for us long before moving to Charlotte, and we were thrilled when it started showing up in multiple locations here.  That being said, the Galleria location has had its challenges in consistency in recent years.  The issue we've run into several times (disappointingly frequently, I have to say) is just not giving us our correct order.  Opening up the tin foil to find cheese on your no-cheese-daughter's burger is not happy times.The Five Guys concept does an awesome job (for a franchised fast food joint) of letting you get a highly customized burger.  But when the staff gives you something that you didn't order ... and you are doing carryout ... well, the "just come back in and we'll replace it for you" wears a little thin.  Yeah, like I was really hoping to jump back into my car and drive over to the restaurant just to get what you should have given me in the first place.  Ugghh.But I guess shame on me for continuing to go ... we *do* just love the product (when they get it right) THAT much.Come on, Galleria ... we WANT you to get it together!
4	Those are some tasty burgers! A 100 rating doesn't hurt either. I've been to this location plenty of times. I've always enjoyed the burgers. You can pick and choose your topping at no extra cost and they have a lot to choose from. Also, the fries are good. They give you soooo many fries make sure to share them with someone. I'd give this place a 5 stars but the fries are a bit too salty for my liking. I'll keep coming back.
1	Great, great but what if like me you don't like your meat well done???I asked NICELY the counter guy if I could get a medium burger and the punk manager half my age jumped in and gave me a lecture on how "he cares too much about his costumers to serve them anything but well done meat". I never asked for HIS opinion, did I? He was as arrogant as he was ignorant.  "Sorry sir but it's company policy", that's the only proper way to answer a customer in this situation. Had he done this I would have skipped this review, but he earned himself a one star
3	We had dinner here Saturday night.  They have changed their buns on their burgers for the better! We enjoyed our food and the staff was very pleasant.
1	I've been to this five guys several times, but I don't think I will be going back.  Last Friday I really wanted a hot dog and for some reason I'm in love with their hot dogs.  So I went in ordered my food, the wait was really long and that's nothing new.  But while I was standing there waiting on my food, the employees were being silly I guess just to pass time but they were busy passing out money to each other which I thought was very unprofessional especially when you have a line full of customers.  Any who, while I was waiting watching the teenagers have a ball.  I noticed that there were a pair of sneakers on one of the food racks.  So I took a few pictures of it to prove it before I contacted the company about this nasty matter.  I can honestly say that I've never seen this as any restaurant before.  And when I saw this it made me sick to think that they don't have healthy sanitation practices, you are not supposed to have shoes on a food rack, shoes that have been on floors, dirty floors and you have them on a food rack, a rack where you get your food from to feed your customers.  Just gross, so I thought I would share.I emailed the store about this today 9/7/12 and was told that having shoes on the rack is something that they allow.  So I don't want to discourage any one from going there if yall are ok with this kind of practice.  I just know that I will never go back there again.
1	How would you rate a Starbucks that only serves light coffee because you know, black coffee could upset your stomach? Now that NC has finally repealed the infamous law I gave this location one last chance. Sure enough they only serve their burgers WELL DONE still!! Not even medium or medium well.  At least this time no one was rude about it. Even if I wanted it well done myself,  as a consumer I would have to wonder about a restaurant that doesn't trust itself not make its customers sick. Think about it.
5	Grabbed 2 burgers and one large fry for dinner Thursday after work.  Got the hubby a regular bacon cheeseburger and i got the little bacon cheeseburger.  Since their large fry is so huge, we just split one.  They have all those topping to chose from so I picked what we wanted and got my drink while it was being made.  The restaurant was very clean and quiet.  They have peanuts to eat while you wait as well.  Brought our meal home and it was delicious!  Love those burgers.  I have never had the 'little' burger before and I was surprised that it wasn't what I would have called little at all.  Will definitely go back!  Besides. they are one of the few places these days that serve coke products to boot!
4	We dined here Tuesday night, I really enjoyed my meal... the burger was cooked all the way through, but still juicy and enjoyable!!  We shared fries due to the large order size, but cajun, YUM!  The crew working was laid back, but upbeat and the place was clean(very important!!)
5	Best burgers I've ever had at 5 Guys.  Service was friendly as I was greeted by James felt like I was a regular.  The cook Abby made the best burger I've had in a long time with just what I wanted on it.  I took a big bite and then nibbled so I could make it last.  Go to Five Guys, eat the peanuts, enjoy the atmosphere and leave full and happy.
4	I LOVE Five Guys! Lol, but every time I want to go, my fiance takes the name 'Five Guys' wrong. It's pretty funny.Yes, the burgers are very pricey but they are GOOD! However. I would only get their "Little" burger and not a regular size. The little burgers are probably the size of a Quarter Pounder from McDonald's and maybe even bigger. But when I did have the regular size, you will be in the bathroom for awhile. I'm not trying to make it sound gross, but it's true. Their food is extremely greasy.And no matter what you order, get the fries. If you have 3 people, all you need is one order. They grab a brown bag, and throw all of these fries in there. They are so crispy (which are the only kind of fries that I like), salty, and crunchy! I just wouldn't eat here too often because their stuff is really fattening and they give you a huge heaping amount of fries. But overall, their stuff is amazing and we will be going back for a long time!
5	Normally go to the 5 G's in Steele Creek but was in Rock Hill this past weekend.....had everything I like about that one (thick, juicy burgers, quick, friendly service and clean) but with the added benefit of not one, but TWO of the new Coke touchscreen drink machines!....very nice, will be back...love the cherry coke!
3	Food was pretty good.  But way overpriced.  Burger, dog, fries, and coke are $16???  Can get the same thing at Cookout for less than half that.  And tastes just as good.  I probably won't go back b/c of the price alone.
5	5 stars for this Five Guys. Everybody is always so friendly and their burgers always hit the spot. They are kind of pricey though...just about $20 for two drinks, one fry, and two "little cheeseburgers"
4	I really enjoying going to Five Guys knowing I can get my burger wrapped in lettuce and with everything I want on it.While the it is a bit pricey just a  burger, I find that when I am short on time, and want something to satisfy me Five Guys can do that (Does that sound wrong?).
1	This location is consistent with bad service.  Online ordering should mean you get your food when you come in to get your order, not 15 minutes after you arrive and pay for it. Why even have online ordering when its not convenient? I have also waited 15 minutes for a small order of fries. Nobody could break away to give me fries. I got them even after the family behind me got all of their food. And, for the cool guy who takes phone orders, "peace"? Try a touch of professionalism on the phone. Maybe I'm hoping more restaurants can have great service like Chipotle and Chik-fil-a. I'm sure their pay is comparable.
4	Pretty standard five guys experience here. I live and work close by so I frequent this location often.The food is good and the staff is quite friendly. My only minor complaint is that the ketchup dispenser is often low...and I love ketchup.
2	I find Five Guys to be incredibly overrated. Sure, they give you lots of french fries, but they always seem burnt or worse, soggy. Also every time I order a burger it ALWAYS has too much ketchup and mustard on it. Now, this may be a problem strictly at this location but, it is still annoying. I don't think Five Guys is awful, in fact, I still think their food is tasty but if I want consistent fast food and to save some money I'll just go to cookout instead.
