3	Had a Yelpacious UYE planning  luncheon or at least that was the plan though we talked 80% of the time about randomness.  I thought it was a nice spot but felt the other branches (like the Warm Springs one) was better in their food quality. I had the Kentucky Gold Chicken sandwich which was a grilled chicken breast with cheese, bacon, fried onions and BBQ sauce and was served with fries. My sandwich had good flavors, but a tad too well done chicken that it could have used more BBQ sauce to moisten it up. I just think our food sat on the pas I little too long so it was lukewarm, not hot. On a random note, all the locations have different menus....still wondering why so? Franchises? Just keep that in mind in case you have a favorite dish at one Winchells, to check the menus online to see if others have it too. I'm a fan of Winchells for bar food, but I don't think this is the favorite location.
3	This place is nice, customer service could be better. I had the sliders and they were good. They have good lunch specials but nothing 'healthy' overall, ok for a quick lunch w some friends, but I wouldn't go all the time.
1	Very bad Experience! I won't be wasting my time or money again.  Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed. Maybe he was cooking our food too. He did manage to get us our second beer so that was nice. We had rush though our meal, when we finally got it. I had a french dip slider with onion rings. The meat had a lot of gristle in it for as small as it was, my onion rings where good as was the ranch.
1	We got no service we waited 10 minutes nobody even seated us smelled  cigarettes yuck
1	While the wait staff was pleasant, the food was subpar.  I had the gyro and the meat was overcooked and the lettuce was iceberg.  Plus no beer on draft.  Not a pub.  Disappointing.  And the waitress watched me the whole time I ate.
5	I have always had a great lunch experience with Tiffany, Keri, and Tina. The staff is friendly, the service is great,  and the food is always outstanding.  We are always in and out and back to work on time.
5	We have been enjoying the food for quite some time.  We especially like our waitress Bridget, she is super nice and gets our drinks ready as we walk in the door; she remembers or choices.    Unfortunately we found out that the dining room is closing, in fact, August 31st was the last night.  The closing puts many people out of work and in this economic times is unfair.  What is Bridget and the others suppose to do?  NOT FAIR!  :-(
5	It's been along time since I've seen a waitress provide the kind of service Jenna did! She was awesome and very attentive. Great job Jenna winchell's is lucky to have you!!
