3	This is a typical Hickory Tavern Sports-themed bar/tavern/restaurant. Due to the location, they initially had a tough time getting a reliable crew for lunch. We eat lunch late, usually around 1 to 2 pm . And by then most of the peppy staff was gone leaving us with a skeleton crew. Only problems were the skeletons would go into the closet (kitchen) and not surface back for some time. Once they switched waiters on me and the bill got written up by a 2nd waitress. Even during dinner the service can be a coin-toss, or a roll-of-the-dice (depending which method you prefer). In recent months they seem to have found a reliable crew although I have not gone back for my late lunches - only dinner (since this is their more reliable hours). PROS:Honest to a fault. I lost my credit card there twice and the waitress made sure she kept it stored for me until I returned days later. Service can be quick IF you steer away from the evening 4-8 special and arrive early for lunch during peak staffCONSI went one Thursday night for their one price Oyster Special. They did not have 1 dozen oysters that were not spoiled. The first 12 stunk so bad with that "sour/spoled" smell everyone at the table could tell they were spoiled (except the waitress) .She brought out another 12, same thing. Apparently the entire case was bad and we told her she has to stop bringing out oysters from the same case as people will get sick. I finally switched to steamed shrimp to be safe.  I've eaten oysters, clams, etc since I was 7 years old and you have to really be careful at this Hickory Tavern as many of the young waitresses - - while they try hard -- are ignorant about what good oyster should or should not smell like. Bottomline: You're probably okay if you stick to chicken wings. Make sure your life insurance is up to date if you eat their raw shellfish!
4	Love the location. Only sit down restaurant in the area other than an Asian place. Thus, it's a "neighborhood" place and the wait staff remembers their customers. 4 stars because Hickory Tavern's prices have steadily increased over the past few years to a point where I no longer go there just to stop in for a bite...or drink.
1	Have you ever really wanted to eat in a sit down restaurant, but all that was anywhere near your house was one lousy place that was always over crowded, and the food was always pretty terrible?  If you have been missing out on this experience then I invite you to check out the Hickory Tavern in Wesley Chapel.  Tonight, my girlfriend just got back from a conference in Vegas, and I am in the middle of a semester in college whilst working full time.  We are both overworked and tired, and just wanted some decent food without having to cook.  Unfortunately, all there is around here in the way of an American style sit down restaurant is Hickory Tavern.  Although we have consistently been disappointed with the HT's, some are more tolerable than others.  The service is always slow, the places are always too crowded, and the parking just sucks all day long.  This one takes home the prize for all of those categories, and also adds bad food to the list.  Tonight we all ordered burgers with different sides, and different sauces for them, but I guess the staff elected to go with fries all around, and no sauces at all, ordered or not.  I like getting burgers at places because they are generally a safe bet, because how the HELL do you screw up a burger?  You might start out by putting it on a soggy bun, and pairing it with soggy fries.  We could have maybe dipped the burger or the fries in the honey mustard or mexi ranch we ordered with our meals, but I guess they were out.  The soggy fry thing shouldn't have been an issue at all for my girlfriend because she ordered chips with her burger, but, like I said, I guess they were out. I skipped the salad I ordered because the burger looked good, and I didn't want to wait, but looks can be deceiving with Hickory Tavern food.  All in all, I think that was our last attempt with HT.  We don't like eating pizza or Chinese every time we want local food, but that is all that is decent around here.  We will probably become loyal patrons of literally anything that moves into the shopping center besides HT.  If any of either the parking, service, crowd, or food quality are better then it is bound to be better than Hickory Tavern at Wesley Chapel.As for the bar experience, I haven't had it at this place yet, but judging by the crowd, if you are more than a one drink an hour person, you may just want to go to a Chili's or somewhere else.  I am not saying they are all this bad, but yes, they are all pretty lousy as a whole, and the odds are that if there is any other restaurant you can go to nearby an HT, it will turn out better.  Unfortunately that isn't the case around my house, but hopefully you all have more options.
5	Had lunch here today and it was great! For a sports bar the food is very good. We had a very good server and very good food. I really like the fish taco's and the tavern chips. The manager stopped by and chatted with us and she is very friendly. People need to remember they are in a sports bar that is always busy and not an up scale restaurant.
4	My family ate here for the first time recently. The server was friendly, the place was clean and family friendly. Separate bar area with TVs for the sports fans. They had a lot of people at the bar even though it was a Wed night and the place was fairly busy. Husband got a cheeseburger and fries, that was really GOOD! They cooked it medium but just barely as they knew he liked it medium rare. The kids meal was a great deal, macaroni and cheese with a side of baked potato. My kids were able to split it so it was perfect! I ordered the Mediterranean chicken flat bread. It was sort of like a pizza with balsamic marinated chicken, olives, onions, and feta. My only criticism is it really needed some mozzarella and just a hint of feta. Instead it had no mozzarella at all and the only cheese on it was feta. TONS of feta. I scraped most of it off and left it on my plate. Don't get me wrong it was still delicious, but with no melt-able cheese to hold everything together it was a little hard to eat and everything kept falling off. And that much feta is just too strong. But I ate it all and left only the excess feta on the plate. So there! ha ha. Also my food came out wrong the first time and had to be remade. It would have been nice if someone told the manager. he popped by our table to see if we were "all right" and I was sitting there with no food. We told him we were fine (which we were) but when he first popped over I thought it was to say sorry that they made my food wrong, but he seemed to have no idea and was just doing a routine check in with all the tables. it was no big deal, as mistakes happen in the kitchen and they fixed it right away. We will be back.
1	Well, I had hoped this place wold have developed more consistency after being open a while, but it still sucks. Last time we checked in with four people we gave a phone number, and we were given a pager, but even though they could have seated us after fifteen minutes, they let us sit right by the hostess stand for another forty minutes. The girls had written down the cell number wrong, i.e., they didn't think to literally just say our table was ready, or use the pager, or walk two feet and simply gesture. In other words, they didn't want to do their jobs, or didn't care, or both. After that we waited twenty minutes for drinks and apps, and then another half hour for food.  The whole experience took two and a half hours, and the food wasn't nearly good enough to justify that waste of life.Just avoid this place.  You may get seated in five minutes or an hour depending on how the staff feels, and you may eat inside of one hour depending on the waiter/waitress, and that is one hour from when you sit. You may also be told the wait is forty-five minutes, only to be forced to sit at the group table in the bar, and see entire sections stand empty despite the faux wait the hostess claimed. For a similar experience just order from a drive-thru, take it home and stare at it until you are too disgusted to eat anymore, then throw fifty bucks in the trash.
4	The waitress did an outstanding job. She was very attentive and helpful. Our oysters were nicely chilled and had a good saltiness. They tasted very fresh however, the shells could have been scrubbed a little better. I liked that they had a local beer selection. The jerk wings were flavorful but, they could have had a bit more kick. All of us enjoyed the food and we even took home some cheesecake which was awesome
1	We have been here 4 times and I believe that I am a gluten for punishment. Absolutely the worst Hickory Tavern that We have been to. Food is terrible no matter what you order and they can't even get you beer order correct. Which in my opinion is sacrilege for a place with Tavern in their name. Finally, the service is also terrible. Be prepared for you sever to be rude and disappear for long periods of time. Do yourself a favor and avoid this place. Lucky a new one is open in Indian Trail. I have been there three times. The service and food are great.
3	Decent food and nice atmosphere.  The shrimp tacos were pretty good.  The waiter could be better.  He took forever to check up on us and walked on by without giving us refills, twice.  It was annoying trying to get his attention when he seemed more focused on his coworkers and just walking around to talk.
4	I'm a fan of the Hickory Tavern BYO salad.. Nothing else really stands out at this particular location.
2	I hate to give this bar and grill such a low rating, but the past few times I have been there, the service has been awful. My (now ex) girlfriend and I stood for 15 minutes waiting for the waitress to come and seat us. This would not have been such a problem had it not been 10 PM and there were only 2 tables with people at them. As far as food goes, it's not bad. Basic bar food, minus the pepper jack burger which is amazing. I will probably not be coming back to this location.
3	Food is mediocre.  Service is excellent!  Fish Tacos, Chicken wings are ok.  Best for late night, and convieniently near home.  Pricey for quality and quantity of food.  Sometimes dirty but overall average.
2	Not on a Sunday afternoon. Hickory Tavern has the potential of being a cool neighborhood bar. But it is not a Sunday afternoon family restaurant. The service was slow and inattentive. The food was mediocre. Everyone was in a days and forgot about why they are there. A good restaurant should seat the patrons as quick as possible, offer friendly fast service, and deliver high-quality food at a reasonable price. According to these criterion Hickory Tavern failed on all counts.
4	Great bar area. Food decent but pricey for a sports bar. Staff very friendly and attentive. Even the girls at the front door do a good job. Don't like that they ended the monthly drink specials and took the Carolina Dog and Carolina Burger off the menu. (They still have the California burger - go figure) and raised all the prices again. The hot dog was my favorite.  Glad there are a couple of other sports bars around that still have them for my hot dog cravings.
2	Way over priced for the quality. The wait staff would rather chat amongst themselves than serve customers and when they do they are pretty rude about it.  The food took a while and was luke warm. The taste of the food wasn't great.  I will never come back for sure.  Usually I give places multiple chances but not this time. The manager did gear our concerns but really didn't have a fix for the problems.  There are much better places around
2	I totally understand that its Saturday night and there is a lot of people coming to the restaurant, but with good management and staff, you should be able to manage crowds better. Lets start with the hostess, I absolutely think that young girls should not be hired for this position. We got to the restaurant with a party of 13 (6 adults, 7 kids, one of the adults is pregnant) and it already went down hill that they tell the pregnant woman that we can give you a wait time because of the large party. Are you serious??? Do you not understand that pregnant woman and kids should be taken with more considerations? So we ended up waiting for 40 minutes for our seats and at one point they told us to split the party up in to 3 different tables! WTF, we got kids ranging from 2-8 how can we split the party up in to 3??? Who is going to take care of the kids? At another point they let another party of 2 to sit in a big U shape booth. WTF!!! If you let us sit there and then wait for the next booth to finish, then you would have resolve the problem, we explain the situation to them and not only did they not apologize, they just said they have a plan and said that we had only waited 15 minutes. Are you like F#$%#$ing serious? You tell your customers that you haven't waited long enough for the seat yet??? Seriously, miss, what if one day you were pregnant and the hostess asks you to wait 40 minutes for a seat. These hostess so horrible, they don t smile, they have no manners and they always put up their piss off face and smirk at people like us. So we finally got seated and now we have to wait 40 minutes for the food. The food was good so that's how they got the 2 stars. Waitress forgot to ask if our food was ok, left off an appetizer order and was always gone, but thats not her fault, she had to wait many other tables, but that is a management problem with the short staff. So all in all, this was not a good experience for us. Really want to let all restaurant owners to read and start training the hostess if you decide to hire young highschool girls, because they are not experience and not friendly at all. I come here as a customer so I do not want to be faced with pissed off young girls who are inconsiderate and rude!
2	Terrible service.  The only reason this got a two is because the food was actually good !  Immediately told the server I received the wrong side.  My side was not delivered until the server brought a hot towel to wipe his hands after the wings he ordered and finished for dinner. No apology.  No acknowledgement. No eye contact.  You would have thought I had the plague. No drink refill for me (husband got 3 refills in 45 minutes).  Too bad I paid the bill. I guess I should thank the server for a 20% discount, since her tip was a big fat zero.  It's been years since we didn't leave a tip.
1	There's only one reason to come here. Alcohol and sports. The rest is marginal to poor. Its too bad. Its a good place to hang. If they could step up the food a bit and especially improve the insincere and unfriendly wait staff.
