4	Bubble tea comes to Shadyside, a block or so off of Walnut Street!  I only tried their bubble tea so far but am interested in returning for hot pots and other interesting-seeming dishes.The bubble tea menu has some different offerings than I am used to seeing (mountain tea?  grass jelly? chocolate hazelnut???)  Sadly I could not get my old standbys like almond milk tea or coconut milk tea so was forced to branch out to black sugar black tea.....it was interesting though I did miss the flavored powders.  Still, a good place to get one's Taiwanese fix in the Shadyside area.  (P.S.  Drink only orders are cash-only.)
5	Shadyside finally has some real Chinese food!  Sorry, China Palace, but you've been a culinary sore on Walnut Street for much too long.  It's just good Chinese comfort food.  The prices are extremely reasonable, the portions are good, and the authenticity is through the roof.You may look at the menu and think it sounds bland.  "Fried chicken with noodles."  "Pork chop over rice." "Scallion pancake with egg."  And it may be a challenge for those who need more description.  Having said that, what the plates make up for pedestrian names, they make up for wonderful flavor.Okay, it is a bit off the beaten path, a few blocks down from Walnut Street.  But they've renovated the place (formerly Pizzuti's), and all the tables are able to have Shabu-Shabu.  There's also lovely Bubble Tea options?  We actually had their fresh Watermelon juice which was a mouthful of summer goodness.This place is a must-try, and your new go-to spot for a Chinese fixin'.
4	I recently moved to Pittsburgh from Southern California, so, to be perfectly honest, I wasn't expecting much in terms of options for asian restaurants here. But I have to say that I've been pleasantly surprised. Lately I've been ordering the pork chop over rice and black tea (half sugar) at various Taiwanese cafes in the area (e.g., Rose Tea Cafe, Cool Ice Taipei) to establish a baseline of sorts for what I consider to be pretty standard Taiwanese fare.Having said that, the pork chop over rice ($7.50) here is quite good. Lately, my main concern has been the amount of vegetables served with the pork chop. At Rose Tea and Cool Ice for example, they skimp on the veggies, leaving me feeling bloated from the disproportionally large portion of fried pork chop. Lucky for me, I Tea Cafe provides bigger portions of veggies; the only downside is that their version excludes the marinated egg, which happens to be one of my favorite parts about the meal.What's more, I found the Sun Moon Lake Black Tea ($3.25 for 16 oz.), a dark auburn tea with a special sweet aroma and woodsy flavor, to be quite enjoyable and distinct from black teas at other Taiwanese cafes in the area. Overall, this is a solid Taiwanese cafe with food you'd expect to find at reasonable prices. I'll be back to try their hot pot, beef noodle soup, and other teas.NOTE: $15 minimum for credit cards.
4	Always on the prowl for taiwanese food, my husband was eager to try out this place, when he found a flyer for I Tea Cafe's grand opening.The food menu is pretty minimal, but so far everything we've tried has been good and the portions are so large.  I've had the minced pork sauce on noodles twice.  The first time, there was way too much noodle to sauce ratio, but the 2nd time, the noodle to sauce ratio was much better.   Other people have tried their different rice plates and liked them as well.  Best ones so far have been the Pork Chop rice and salt and pepper chicken.  Both fried chinese style, yum!!  The appetizers are good, not the best I've ever had, but the best I've had in Pittsburgh!  My favorite has been the Green onion pie with Beef aka Beef Roll at most other restaurants.Drinks - I always go for Coffee Milk Tea, Taro Milk Tea or Passionfruit Green Tea, depending on the weather and my craving.  So far I've tried the coffee milk tea and passionfruit green tea.  Both were good and not overly sweet!  Their drinks are definitely the main reason to stop by, and I love that it's in Shadyside!
5	The bubble tea is so good. Gonna try the shabu-shabu next time
4	I saw a sign for I Tea Cafe on Walnut Street Street and decided I would give it a try. I had the Thai Fried chicken. Generous serving with a good portion of veggies, just a tad bit salty. Everything on the menu is reasonably priced. It's hard to find good asian restaurants in Pittsburgh, but I'm now putting I Tea Cafe on my list. There is a $15 minimum to use a credit card which I didn't know prior to sitting down. I just saw the visa sign on their door and thought I would be cool. Other than that, it was a good experience: good food and attentive waitstaff.
3	We came here for the hot pot. The portions were enough to fill us up. It was cool how they had the self serve sauce concoction stands in the front. There drinks are pretty nice as well. The waiter, although overwhelmed, was still cordial.
5	That's a awesome restaurant. They inport everything from Taiwan. They have great bubble tea, even has shabu-shabu. I will definitely come back to try other meals next time.
5	I like the service. The waiter is super polite and patient. I had the salt chicken rice  and my friend had braised rork rice.  it has good portion for girls. Nice bubble tea with reasonable price. Will def go again.
1	Poor service. High price with low quality food! $3 for a side order of fish balls only comes with four pieces. And the beef rib over rice hasn't even been cut!!!! It's definitely my last time!!
1	Here's the low-down.Food : 4 stars.Service: 0 stars.Location: 4 stars.This restaurant is not capable of handling crowds. They lack the staffing and the experience to handle large parties and numerous tables. I ordered the fried dumpling appetizer, drip ice coffee, and the beef shabu shabu + a side order of shrimp balls.I never got my appetizer nor the order of shrimp balls, and they had still left it on the check until I told them their mistake. The shabu shabu was really yummy (I particularly liked that we were able to go to a sauce shelf and pick out different things to change the flavor) so that almost brings my rating of this place to 2 stars, but the service was so horrible that I can't bring myself to do that. The drip ice coffee (which btw, I've had drip ice coffee numerous times all over the place. IT IS NOT WORTH THE ~$5.50 you are paying for it. It doesn't taste like real drip ice coffee. In fact, it just tastes like instant coffee that they falsely advertise as drip. Which with how terrible the service was, it's possible that they accidentally gave me the wrong coffee.) was not even given to me until right as I was about to pay for our check and cancel the order of ice coffee.Also, their maximum of 2 credit cards per table is ridiculous. I understand that this is a Pittsburgh thing, and with certain POS (computer restaurant systems), it is difficult to separate checks. However, this place has a current POS system, which means it is not difficult at all to make separate checks.Moral of this story, if there are more than 6 people in that restaurant, enter at your own risk of not getting your entire order.I may go back and give them a 2nd try, but with how rude the waitress was and the overall incompetence of the service, probably not.
5	I really enjoyed coming here, it located near walnut st which meant parking was difficult. What I didn't realized was that hot pots where individualized. They gave a pot over an electric hot plate which you can adjust the temp. They also have hot water on the side in case you run out. Very fulfilling for $15.It's a small area and they also have a section for you to customize your own sauces.
3	It's nice that they have hot pot. Unfortunately, the prices are a bit steep for what you get. There is also a $15 minimum to use card, which is a turn off for me as I'm not particularly much of a fan of carrying wads of cash in my wallet. Good Chinese food though the price would definitely leave something more to be desired.
3	Overall, this would not be a restaurant I would crave. I was very disappointed by the quantity of food they provided for the sabu-sabu. Most places include much more as part of their meal while I Tea Cafe does not. I recommend their hot beef noodle soup and salt pepper chicken because they are very authentic. If you take out, beware of promised times. I have waited an extra thirty minutes past the promise time they told me. I definitely would go back for the beef noodle soup and salt pepper chicken.
5	Delicious! I have ordered food from here twice now (dine-in and take-out) and my tastebuds were sent dancing on both occasions. I ordered the hot beef stew noodle soup. The flavours they manage to infuse into the broth are amazing and the beef simply dissipates in your mouth. It is a hearty concoction that leaves you very satisfied. I'd love more vegetables in the dish but that's just a personal preference. Also, for take-out,they kindly pack the noodles separately to the broth so that you don't end up with 'bloated' noodles by the time you arrive home. I highly recommend this place and can't wait to try the hot-pot next time I am back.
4	My first impression of the place wasn't fantastic--while the food certainly looked delicious (the cafe, in fact, was quite populated with Asians, which means the food MUST be good), the bubble tea I ordered was not. I ordered a large plum bubble tea expected the refreshing taste of fresh plum and tea like the places in Chinatown Philly make it, but the drink ended up being really sour. They make their fruit teas/bubble teas with Asian-style preserved/dried salted fruit that can be purchased at Asian grocery stores in little plastic jars. It might be good to some other people, but it's not what I expected and I don't like dried salted fruit. I've had dried salted plum (exactly what this drink tasted like) before because my mom purchases it often but it's just not my thing. Yesterday, though, a couple of friends and I ordered $25 worth of bubble tea and food (mostly bubble tea) and to my surprise after having a bad first experience, everything was awesome. The salt & pepper chicken my friend ordered came with Shanghai Bok Choy, something you definitely don't see in Asian take-out very often (usually come with broccoli or something). We ordered a honey bubble milk tea, original bubble milk tea, mango bubble tea, matcha red bean bubble milk tea, and kumquat bubble tea (which I ordered and should have figured that it would be made with dried preserved kumquat again). The matcha red bean milk tea was my favorite--the matcha milk tea flavor is very potent and refreshing, unlike many other places that serve matcha milk tea that just tastes like straight up sugar and milk. This place will definitely be my go-to for bubble tea from now on (just not the fruit flavors) and I can't wait to try the smoothie version of the matcha red bean drink, and their taro smoothie. Like a lot of people said, they have a $15 minimum for card. It really sucks, but luckily the first time I went and didn't have cash on me, they cashier was really nice and understanding and told me just to remember to have cash if I ever make purchases under $15. Overall, I like this place in terms of their drinks, and $3.25-$4.25 for a bubble tea is not bad at all considering how much some other places charge for less flavorful drinks of lower quality. I'll have to try more of their food sometime.
4	Finally, some decent Asian food in this part of Shadyside! I was super happy to come back to Pittsburgh and learn that Shadyside has a legit bubble tea and Taiwanese place; it's always a hassle getting to Squirrel Hill.The bubble tea is solid, and they use real tea. I don't necessarily think it's the best in the city, but it's pretty good. The Thai Fried Chicken is very crispy, juicy and flavorful, maybe a tad too salty. The Scallion Pancake is great as well, and the dipping sauce is unique. The Hot Beef Noodle Soup is one of their more popular dishes, and I see why: large portions of beef and greens in a savory, chili-oil laden broth.I haven't tried the individualized hot pot, but judging from the rest of their dishes, it's probably solid.
5	Don't know why ppl disappointed by thierr rice dishes. I had pork chop bento and shaved ice  today and it was authentic .
4	To me I Tea Cafe is like the little train that could! In an area that is super competitive in food joints I want so much for this place to succeed and be in Pittsburgh for the long run. It's a little pricey but with that you get a large amount of food, and it's tucked on a side street where Pizutti's use to be. The beef noodle soup is the bomb! So are their pork chops - both noodle and on rice, and I love me some pork chops!! The dumplings are good and my husband liked their pho. I haven't tried their hot pot cause I'm hooked on the former but seems like that is quite popular too. I've done take-in and take-out, both which were seamless processes. A little note about their bubble tea - bubble milk tea is made from powder which makes the drink sweeter; fresh milk bubble tea is made with milk and not powder so makes the drink less sweet which was perfect for me! They take credit card. I'm a big fan!!
4	I would love to give this place 5 stars because it's authentic, and as a Chinese person, this means a hell lot to me. However, a few things just fall short.Let's start with the pros. Most of the dishes are awesome. I've had almost everything and all of the rice dishes as well as most of the noodle dishes have been great. ~8 dollars is pretty reasonable for the usual dishes, and the servings are pretty generous. I usually only go when I'm really hungry, and I'll usually leave with a very full stomach. Again, these dishes are authentic Taiwanese food, and that means a hell lot to me. And they also have a good atmosphere and maintain fairly clean. So I really wanted to give this place a 5.They also have hot pots, bubble teas, and pho, which are kinda rare in this place. This should have been a pro, but all 3 items are slightly overpriced. Also, the hot pots are quite "fixed". You don't really get to choose your food. And there are no substitutions given for the veggies that come with the meat. The serving is also huge, so if you want to add any side dish, chances are you will be throwing a lot of stuff to waste. And the hot pots aren't that good anyway. They only have a few kinds of soup bases, and all of them fall bland. Beef and lamb slices are also not the best quality. There's not much competition around the area for hot pot, but I don't judge on competition. But anyway the sauce station for the hot pot is pretty decent.Their pho is also just so so, but they charge an above average price. I understand that there's the monopoly, but I really won't recommend it. Their bubble tea is nice and I do buy those a lot. However, it would be nice if they could add a few flavors, like mango or some other fruits. And the bubble teas aren't that cheap... Even with buy 5 get 1 free, it's still kinda overpriced...Oh, and they won't accept credit card for orders less than 15.So that's it. I'd really recommend the rice and noodle dishes and some of the appetizers as well, and the bubble teas are not bad either, and if you really want hot pot, you can get it here. But overall, this place falls a bit short of a 5 and it's really a shame.
4	Great comfort food and they have hotpot. I'm originally from the San Gabriel Valley where asian food is so abundant and delicious that people practically inhale it, so I have something to compare it to... However, the one time I got boba here it tasted like it had been sitting in liquid for longer than it should. They weren't chewy at all. It might've have been because I got it late at night. Besides that the food good.
3	This review is based on a delivery order, so I can't compare it with how the dine-in experience is. I went into I Tea Cafe once before and had ordered a tea to-go, which was pretty decent, but have yet to eat a meal there.Was looking forward to trying the food and decided to order delivery since I lived close enough to the restaurant that the food wouldn't go cold by the time it reached my apartment.  Delivery took about 45-50 minutes, so I would not recommend getting delivery from here if you are really hungry. (I live about 7 minutes walking from the place, just for reference).Ordered 2 dishes: the hot beef noodle soup and thai curry chicken over rice.  Food was okay; more oily than I expected, which overpowered much of the taste.  Chicken was prepared Chinese-style, so it included bone and skin.  (In my opinion, that's more flavorful than dry pieces of chicken breast, but I realize that's not for everyone.)  The beef was pretty fatty.  I was expecting thin slices of lean meat, so it was disappointing, especially since the broth itself was more than oily enough.  All in all, OK Chinese food if you are in a pinch, live in Shadyside and don't feel like going out to Squirrel Hill.  I've read in other reviews that the food is hit-or-miss, so maybe I'll give them another try someday.  FYI, delivery fee costs $1.00 on a minimum order of $15.  With dishes ranging $8 and up, it's easy to go over $15.  Kicker for me was, the delivery guy asked me for a tip.  My principle is, if a delivery fee is charged, then tip is optional.  Even if it's a $1.00 charge.  If it was pouring rain or middle of winter with snow all over, I would've tipped on top of the delivery charge.  But for someone to ask for a tip - no, I think his exact words were "that'll be $21.22, and don't forget tip" - no way in hell was I giving him extra money.  I gave him $22, and let him keep the 78 cents in change.
