4	I stumbled upon this place and was pleasantly suprised! The beauticians were friendly and great at what they do. I got  a hair cut and a steam treatment, it was awesome! And the prices are low! woowho!!!
1	Phoned this morning.  Seems it isn't even in business any more.
1	18.00 to get my ears waxed. I have never paid that much. No I didn't tip. Its hit a or miss as far a pedicures I have had good ones and bad ones here.
1	I have tried this place twice now...My mistake.I went this past Sunday for a pedi/mani.The place, like some, needs a definite facelift, and I'm not sure how 'sanitary' things are.But, as the tech was trimming up my cuticles, she took a huge chunk off the site of my cuticle/skin area on the side of my big toe.  I said 'ouch' cuz it did shock me a bit...and she proceeded with the pedicure.She poured alcohol on it...OUCH....and continued to put the super strong callice remover in the same area...DOUBLE OUCH!  I was almost in tears it burned so bad.I nicely asked if she could poor some water over it to stop the burning...and she didn't understand what I was saying.  She didn't even put superglue over it to cover the 'raw' piece.I decided against getting a manicure after that, only because I wasn't feeling 'it' after that and when I went to pay via debit card...she tells me that I can only tip in cash.  (this is new from the last time I was there 2 months ago).  I explained I only had a $20 and could she give me $14 back?She said no, and stuck my $20 in her drawer and proceeded to answer her cell phone and ignore me.Ummmm...ok...It is now Wednesday and the skin on the side of my big toe is pussing and still bleeding.  DISGUSTING...and quite painful to try and walk around at work in heels all day.DO NOT go to this salon.Save yourself the trouble and money and go anywhere else in this area.
1	I walked in, and the overall feel of the place was run-down and dingy. I sat down in the pedicure chair, and as the woman began filling the tub, I noticed what appeared to be an oil slick on top of the water with dirt and shimmer (from what I can only assume was from the previous customer's lotion) swirling around. I said my tub didn't look clean, at which point, she started rubbing the other tubs with her fingers, saying, "it's clean! It's clean!  You're wrong, it's clean!"  I tried to bring her attention to what was unclean about my specific tub, but she kept interrupting me, saying, "you're wrong, it's clean!"  I decided not to proceed with the service, said thanks, anyway, and had my pedicure  at a salon down the road. This one was both sanitary, and staffed by courteous people, which Tiffany's was not.
5	Tiffany's Nails is what it is. It is #1 inexpensive, and easy. To me getting my nails done, which I do in gel on a bi-monthly basis, along with a pedi is not a happy part of my budget. However I cannot stand chipped nails and I have to get them done, it's a necessity for me really. I like how this salon is right by my gym, and close to my home as well. The gel nails DO stay on a long time, WAY longer than other places. I'm not sure what these other reviews are talking about because Tiffany's does a good job. This is not a SPA. This is a nail salon. If you need an inexpensive no frills place to get the job done, than go here. The ladies are really nice, and it is owned by a hard working person. I feel that people complaining here don't want to pay North Scottsdale $80 mani / pedi prices but want that type of service. I get out of there with everything done for $50. Leaving a tip in cash at this type of place is common courtesy. The decor is outdated, but I honestly love their 80s sound track. I feel that it is clean. The french manicure done with gel is hard to get right, and Tiffany's can do it. Their nail jobs last 2 - 3+ weeks. You get what you pay for. Here it's a reasonable price for a good service, but it's not a spa. Come here to get your nails done right, and reserve that spa experience for when you can afford it.
5	Over the top personalized service with an extremely friendly staff!  This place is a total gem in scottsdale!  The staff is extremely friendly and professional..they go above and beyond to make sure everything is perfect.....def coming back
