4	This is a great little gem of a cafe/restaurant which is LGBT friendly and has a relaxed and welcoming atmosphere. The bar has a good stock of beers and ciders as well as wine, the menu is varied and very reasonably priced. Nom de Plume gives real value for money with some amazing food - had the best Christmas dinner ever in there this year. If you want some great food served by friendly staff in a relaxed atmosphere this is the place to go.
4	A really chilled out little place, where everyone is really friendly. While not exclusively a gay cafe, I hear it's popular within the scene.The food is nice and cheap and they have a better selection of booze than I would imagine. They sell some of the "rare" ciders, definitely worth a trip if that's your thing. The best part of experience is probably most eclectic music play list I've ever heard.I know the Jane's review said that this place is LGBT friendly, and it is. But shouldn't all places be? Time to grow up Scotland.
4	I popped in for coffee one Saturday and ended up having a very memorable french onion soup. Friend had the lentil. Also good.Its a very relaxing place to go and chill out. Staff are very attentive.
3	My flatmates come here a lot and, this weekend, I decided to join them.The cafe itself was cosy and homely and, although it seems small from the front, there is a whole other section to the back of the building overlooking a nice garden.The clientele were a mixed bunch of couples, older and younger folk and students whiling away an hour with a good book (Incidentally, there is a large book shelf filled with books and table games which you are encouraged to use...good selection too!)The menu had a good mix of dishes, with both meat-eaters and vegetarians well catered for, at a fairly reasonable price. My french onion soup, with a lovely cheesy crouton on top, was exceptional tasty and my friends bean stew looked delicious.The only problem we had was with a veggie chilli that looked and tasted suspiciously like a beef chilli. Now, my friend is not a vegetarian so wasn't too concerned, but as a veggie myself...I would have sent it straight back! Our waitor did check with the kitchen, but wasn't particularly reassuring about it all, and didn't seem to believe me when I explained that 'veggie' mince and 'meaty' mince are two entirely different things (and I'll happily argue that point with any veggie that thinks they taste the same!) The staff weren't particularly friendly today (especially when dealing with questions about beef!) however, I've been reliably informed they are normally quite chatty and helpful.Overall, a nice wee spot to stop in if you're ever in this part of town.
4	I could see myself spending rather a lot of time in Nom de Plume, over the coming months, as its relaxed, welcoming style really charmed me. It stays open until 11pm, serves a nice range of boozes, and their extensive menu is packed with tempting dishes.Overall, we said: "I was very impressed with Cafe Nom de Plume. It serves an excellent range of dishes, caters well for vegans and vegetarians, and has a warm and welcoming feel to the place. I'll be back, and I have a feeling I'll be back often, not least to catch up on all the latest goings-on in The Spurtle. And there are so many other dishes on their menu that I want to give a whirl."
4	Decided to grab a bite here on someone's recommendation. Nothing overly fancy on the menu, just some hearty home style food. Well impressed with the giant yorkshire pud almost the size of D's dinner plate!! I went for the fish pie as it's something I quite enjoy eating but never seem to actually make at home.  Not sure if our server was new or just couldn't understand us, but there was much pointing at the menu when we ordered.  Aside from that, he was friendly, food was good. Am looking forward to going back to try the Chilli Dogs!
3	Broughton Street has a lovely addition with this cafe-bar & eatery.The place has an entrance adorned with plants and flowers. Inside there is a wooden home bar and kitchen entrance. You will notice the LGBT theme - more so in the washrooms. But it is not overly done so.The cosy corners and the few tables create a welcoming and relaxed atmosphere. So does the background music. They serve a selection of favourite drinks, teas, coffees, juices, beers and spirits. Beside that there is also an opportunity to eat some food. I saw some giant Yorkshire puddings filled with mince (or haggis?) The waiting staff was friendly and helpful when needing to make a choice. A good touch is the supply of free condoms in the Ladies & Gents washrooms. That is of course to encourage safe sex practises - but not just for the gay community. I felt at ease and relaxed and it is good getaway on a Saturday afternoon to have a little chat and a drink. Nothing too special, but very restful.
3	Such a lovely cosy place to sit in..Felt like walking into someone's living room..Would be even better if they actually light up their fireplace. .Stumble across Nom de Plume..was kinda hungry..Looked at the menu ...yay..French Onion soup...on a windy night...yummy..Went inside.  Ordered the onion soup and a BLT roll..really wasn't expecting too much...Onion soup was delicious, rich in flavour but not heavy or overpowering, generous portion too..came with two slices of bread with butter..bread made by Manna House...no complaints...yummy...was nearly full when I finished the soup...it was very tasty.BLT. ..it was alright....I added another sachet of mayo..hehe..Lovely quiet place..Although food isnt outstandingly good but will definitely be back, it's the atmosphere that makes the difference and the onion soup!!
