5	You guys, if you have to move from champaign, go with allied.  Look:  I called 3 moving companies for my move to PA.  Mayflower never called me back.  The North american agent made me cry on the phone with such bitchy gems as "I live in new york.  You think I'm going to come to ILLINOIS to see your apartment?" after the person who put me on the phone with her told me I was REQUIRED to schedule an in home estimate with HER SPECIFICALLY before my move could proceed.  Then I called allied.  They called me back right away, and I was doing my in home estimate the next morning.  I got my moving agreement signed in about 10 minutes and didn't have to think about it again until the movers came.  NOTICE:  Allied has the contract for moving University personnel in champaign, so if you are university affiliated you get a SIXTY THREE percent discount on your move.  Amazing.  They showed up within half an hour of when they said they would for delivery, and the delivery guys were great.  They kept calling each other "sir," that cracked me up.  GO WITH ALLIED!
5	If you are affiliated with the University you get a 63% discount. I used their moving service for my move to South Carolina.  They were professional, helpful and punctual. They wrapped all my furniture and packed it carefully. We had only 1 broken item which was a metal shoe rack. Great movers and i will use them again
1	if I could give these movers a zero, i would. i moved to CA during the summer and the move coordinator warned me to use their "local" affiliates from Bloomington, not Champaign, but the timing did not work out.so we used these folks -- it was a disaster from the beginning. the people that showed up were unprofessional, dirty (long black fingernails), sloppy, and... smelly. we had to keep windows open the entire day to refresh the air in the house. the cardboard boxes they used all smelled like wet mold, and this is the aroma our belongings acquired by the time they reached CA.at destination, we discovered that the Champaign packers "forgot" to include the box with all screws and connectors for our furniture. so we slept on the ground and lived among furniture pieces until that box was mailed and reached us 4 days later. the local affiliates who unpacked us were happy to point out the errors made the people who packed us. thanks to poor packing on the Champaign end, we ended up with broken furniture, scratched electronics, and broken glassware.on the only "plus" side (if there was any), we did get some reimbursements for the damage, but only after about 4 months of waiting. my sense is that these damage reimbursements are built into the initial cost of the move, which seemed quite high ($12k for a 2-bd house) but was paid for by my employer.
5	Amazing movers!!! I have had hand surgery in the past and usually need movers to help anytime I move, and I have to say this company is totally professional and great. We had to move in January during the middle of a snow storms, and our movers were excellent-- moving quickly, carefully, and diligently. When we got to Atlanta the guys moved everything into place. And to make matters even better we had a rogue car park in front of our house and the movers still walked and moved the extra distance without over charging us. Will totally use them again!
1	I'll echo what another reviewer said: 1 star is 1 too many. After two hours the movers never showed. First I was told they had picked up another "quick job" at MY SCHEDULED TIME and would be an hour late. One hour later they're still a no-show, so I call and am told to give them another 30 minutes. Thirty minutes later no one shows and I call and cancel. Despite all the haggling no one ever apologized. Moving is stressful enough. Save yourself the worry and AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE.
1	Absolute  waste of time contacting Allied.  The phone lackey bragged about their BBB rating.  Then, the agent scoped out my apartment and was professional and friendly, entering lot's of data in a 1980's computer.  She promised a quote the next day, which I never received.  No one from Allied ever contacted me again.Go with a real mover like ABF, or some company which actually exhibits a bit of professionalism.
1	DO NOT. DO NOT. DO NOTTTTT USE THIS MOVING COMPANY!!!They are absolutely terrible!!Your stuff will be 2 weeks late, with broken and missing items.Their customer service representatives won't help you AT ALL in locating your goods.If I could rate this company zero stars, I would.Very unhappy and unsatisfied customer.
