2	Food is the same found at any Chili's; however the service was seriously lacking.  We waited 20 minutes for our food to arrive and my wife got her salad at the same time as the main entree...poor form.  In addition, we order kid's meals at the beginning of our order; which come with a drink, but the drinks were not delivered until the main meal and they were 2/3 of the way full AND each time the waitress got refills on these (two other times), they were always delivered 2/3 of the way full...I thought it really strange why the waitress did not take the extra initiative to fill the drinks the entire way on a dinky little child size cup.And to make matters worse, the entire electronic pay processing devices were not working and our only form of payment was a Chili's gift card; which could not be read.  As a result, we had to wait "10" minutes to pay the check; while the manager calls and gets verification of funds and so forth and so forth.  It wasn't a great visit in terms of time and waiting.  Hopefully this Chili's gets their act together for the future, because your customers will not want to come back otherwise.Oh and by the way...you can forget the parking, because there is none!  I spent 10 minutes going from business to business looking for a place to park (i.e. Travelodge, Polo Towers, etc.) and there is absolutely not a single place to park for free).  We just drove to our hotel (the Cosmopolitan) and walked over.
5	Was pleasantly surprised with how good the food and service were here. I had a quesadilla explosion salad and it was really good! The servers (I had two even though I was eating by myself) were amazing! Never had to ask for anything. The manager was kind enough to let me have happy hour (love their chips/salsa and margarita specials) even though I wasn't sitting in the bar area! I will be back next time I'm in town! I didn't even know they had opened one the strip but I guess it's brand new.
5	By far the best Chili's I've ever been at!  Was in town over the weekend visiting friends and family and decided to check it out.  Have been to many restaurants on the strip over the years and not had the best service but the staff here was amazing!  From the moment we walked in and were greeted... to our waitress... to the manager who stopped by to check on us- everyone was fantastic!  Food was great and came out quick.  Our entire group had a great time!  On a personal note- love the boneless buffalo wings!  A must have!
5	The restaurant being on the second level was difficult to find! Once we got in we were greeted with a sincere welcome and asked to sit on the patio.  What a phenomenal view and atmosphere! Our server was fantastic and the manager visited our table to make sure our service and meals were great!We had the new burgers and they were phenomenal!
5	I'm a big fan of chili's and having it on the strip is a great location.  I took my family here and sat on the patio.  We had a great view of the strip.  Our server was friendly and the food was awesome.  Overall the service was great i'll definitley come back.  If you live in the las vegas area or just visitng come check this place out!
5	Tonight my bf and I came back from a long day at Sam Boyd Stadium and we wanted to eat somewhere familiar so we could get in and get out then into bed. We were seated by the host... We waited 20 mins and no one came to say hi or take our drink order. I decided to get up and talk to someone about our lack of service and that person just happened to be Ryan. He wasn't our server, but he apologized and took our order right away. He brought our drinks promptly and even asked if we wanted an appetizer free of charge while we waited. Although we declined, we truly appreciated that he offered. When we were paying, we realized that he didn't charge us for our drinks! Ryan is the reason I'm rating 5 stars...talk about amazing customer service! He definitely turned our experience into a great one. Thank you, Ryan!
4	I noticed this shiny new Chili's on a recent trip to the Aria.  I LOVE a good buffalo chicken salad so I was pretty excited, but with so many great restaurants in the area, I figured I'd save my Chili's fix for the O'Hare airport (my favorite homecoming treat).One morning/afternoon, after a really fun night out, I found the big red chili pepper, like a beacon in the night, calling me across the street for some 1000 calorie salad goodness.  I wanted to zip over real quick, pick up take out, and come right back to my room.  I have had the Chili's app on my phone for awhile in hopes that one of the O'Hare airport Chili's would let me order from the plane but no luck with that yet.  Fortunately, this Chili's allows you to order from the app.  It worked out great, I even got to customize my order and add avocado!  It's the little things.I headed out the door about 10 minutes before my order was due to be ready.  After all, this place is right across the street.  Plenty of time.  Upon reaching the end of the Aria drive, though, my fears were realized when I saw that I couldn't cross the street without traveling a couple of blocks in either direction down the Strip.  Obviously, this was crushing news in the blinding daylight and 101 degree heat.  About 20 minutes later  (I may be exaggerating) I finally reached my oasis.I found the stairway off to the side and headed up to the second floor location.  The interior is really nice.  It's open, spacious, and bright with tons of TVs around the bar.  I guess I never really eat inside of a Chili's so I didn't realize that they have touch screen ordering devices on the table.  You can order when you're ready while watching a game on one of the TVs at the bar...which you can totally see from your table.  It actually seems like a pretty cool place to hang out.No one was staffing the take out area so I spoke with one of the hostesses.  It seems that there was some kind of mix up with my order so it took a bit of back and forth between the hostess and a guy who seemed like he might be a manager.  When they finally found the order, the register wasn't working so they had to process my payment in the back somewhere.  It was no big deal, though, the staff was all super friendly and apologetic.  The manager even threw in a ridiculous amount of ranch dressing (I have a problem, I know) because I mentioned that I like extra ranch.When I finally got my salad back to the room, it was beautifully packaged and the presentation was nice.  Unfortunately, it was SUPER salty.  I figure that they're still working out the kinks at this new location.  A little salt isn't enough to keep me away from this place.  I'm glad Chili's made its way to this new location.
5	I heard this place had a decent bar to watch football so I walked over with some friends after work today. The bar is pretty nice. It's an icetop bar that seats a lot of people. Each side of the bar has 11 large tv's and the sound to the game is on.The food and service is really good. My bartender has been friendly and attentive. I ate the combo shrimp and chicken fajitas. I would definitely get it again. The toffee brownie for dessert was delicious. The best part is that they have normal food and drink prices. Even a good happy hour. The restaurant is also within walking distance from most of the hotels(there's not much for parking). If you're looking for a good place to eat, or to watch a game I recommend this chili's.
5	I always liked Chili's.  So my friends and I thought we would check this one out. When we walked in, the bar looked pretty cool, so we just sat down.  It was nice and chill, and there were lots of TVs.  And it it was on a Sunday, and it looked liked they had the NFL cause most of the games were on. The food was good here too. Got the Top Shelf Enchiladas.  It came with rice and blacks beans, which were surprisingly good.  But I think the best part about this place was that prices weren't too bad, compared to the typical strip prices.  All the meals were reasonably priced. And It was only $5 for a large beer.  They have a happy hour special on Sundays too.I think it's in a great location too.  It's right across from the Aria.  It has a nice patio seating area that looks like it has a pretty good view of the strip.All in all, it was pretty good experience, and I would recommend it to people and families that want to get a great and not "break the bank" meal.
2	Me and my boyfriend came here on our last day in Vegas.  It was Sunday, wasn't crowded at all yet the service was poor and slow. Took forever to get a drink. Had 2 people take our drink order before it was even brought to us. I had a classic margarita (in a mug and super strong) my boyfriend got a beer that was barely even cold. Food was good, however when we received the bill and inquired about why we didn't get happy hour prices (happy hour all day Sunday) our waiter said that it was only at the bar and outside and we were never told that upon being seated. Really unorganized and lacking customer service skills. Hopefully with time it can improve. Until then I will not be eating here again.
5	It was dinnertime and after a drive to Vegas, attending a play, and check into the Cosmopolitan we were contemplating driving to our usual Chilies near the outlet mall south of the strip.  We saw this Chilies from our room at the Cosmopolitan and we were a little weary to go there after reading a few of the negative reviews on yelp.  But we were tired and hungry...and we decided to brave the 200 yard walk from the hotel to the restaurant on the strip.  We were very happy with this Chilies.  The view of the strip was nice, the restaurant was spacious, the design of the restaurant made it rather quiet (they have tall faux wall's between the adjacent booths), the staff was great, the food was typical great Chilies (2 for $20 fajitas), and the drinks were great and reasonably priced (Margareta's).  All and all a great night out.  The only negative was that after that massive meal and drinks...we had to WALK down the stairs to street level (they have only an up escalator to ferry you into the restaurant).  This is now on our go to list when staying on the pricey strip.
2	Why 2-Star rating? Because of the horrible service.I came in for dinner with my 2 boys, and requested for Strip view (it wasn't busy at all, plenty of empty tables around). We were offered the patio table, which we took happily. We've been seated for about 10min with no server to greet us, but since my boys were busy drawing their kids menu and I took some pictures of the view, I didn't mind it at first. Only until there was a couple who came and seated at the table next to us who got greeted by a server immediately that I started to get irked. He told them that he'd be back, as he had some dirty dishes on his hand. When he came back, he took their drink orders, and proceeded to go back inside until I stopped him and complained that I have not even been served since I got in about 10min ago!  He was apologetic and then he went inside, and sent another server to serve us instead!  The nerve of that guy!So when the other server asked for our drink, I asked for the manager. He proceeded to do so, but never came back to take our order.  The manager himself didn't show up until some minutes later (I think about another 5-10 minutes), in the meantime, when the 2nd server came out, I asked if ANYONE will take our order at all. He said that he was under the impression that I wanted to talk to the manager without ordering anything. OMG! He didn't even bother to check or ask, just making his own assumption!When the manager came to our table, his explanation was that 2 servers were assigned the patio area, so that's where the confusion started, since one server thought the other already took care of our table. The manager ended up taking our orders instead.  Honestly, if it was not because my boys wanted to eat at Chili's, and that it was not past 7:30P, I would walk out and find another restaurant nearby!The food was good, as what other Chili's standard, but service is truly lacking! When the food came, I realized that none of the server even gave us utensils and napkins that I had to ask for it. Really, are we supposed to eat our food with our fingers (I ordered steak & salad)??? And when I asked for hot sauce, it didn't come at all - not until the server came out again to see if I needed anything else that he realized that he forgot the hot sauce!When the bill came (for those who wondered, no, I didn't get any discount from the manager on my bill), I was so tempted to omit leaving any tips, but the civilized part of me prevented that and I left the minimum 15%.  Yelpers, if you experienced such service, would you leave any tips at all to the server?
4	This review gets an extra star because our server was awesome. We came on Sunday which is all day happy hour. $3.75 wells, $4.50 house margs, and $1 off everything else. The waitress recommended the Palomar and presidente Margarita. The Margarita was very good, and  the Palomar was so-so (pretty weak on the grapefruit flavors).We ordered from the 2 for 20 menu, so pretty typical food. They do have an allergen menu, which is really nice. Nothing outstanding about the food, but it did the job.Service was awesome, our waitress was really nice, and warned us up front that the kitchen was running behind (we didn't have anywhere to be, but I appreciated the frankness. She also gave us an extra plate of chips to hold us over until our entrees came).Overall a happy experience, would definitely go back because food on the strip can get spendy, and service / drink prices  were great
4	I was going to write this awesome review about this place but I see that my gf beat me to the punch with her review just below mine.Thanks Chili's! Always a good time with family and friends.
1	Terrible service here. Waitress was very inattentive, and Todd the manager was very unwelcoming. Will never dine here for the remainder of my stay.
4	We caught them at a bad time. Most of the kitchen staff quit after new years eve. But we sat at the bar, watched TV and had a drink and an appetizer and a dessert it was a great time. The bartender was great worked hard to take care of us and was very friendly.
