1	The only reason I called Molly Maids was because we got a coupon in the mail for them and my mother was coming to visit.  The first issue I had was that the number on the coupon didn't even work so I had to google them to get a working number.  I made an appointment for Saturday morning on a Tuesday.  Saturday rolls around, no call, no maids.  I call and get ahold of a "Kate".  She proceeds to tell me that my appointment was lost or never properly recorded in their system.  When I asked her how they were going to make this right, she got attitude and raised her voice to me.  I asked for the manager and she tells me that she's the owner and she's the only one in the office on Saturdays......G-H-E-T-T-O  Don't waste your time with this terribly run "organization".  (if you can even call it that).  My friend from back home told me that the main company is going out of business all over the country.  Now, I can see why.
4	I called Molly Maids to do an apartment move out clean out and they did a great job.  A friend recommended them and I called Kate on a Wednesday and told her I needed the cleaning job done that Saturday.  She was able to squeeze me in and gave me a time window between 12pm-2pm.  The team of two maids arrived at 1245pm. They charged $75 per hour for a team of two maids and after the first hour, they charged in 5 minute increments, which was nice because I thought the job would only take 2 hours but it took 2 hours 45 minutes and I was only charged for the 45 minutes instead of a full hour.  On Monday, Kate called me to make sure I was pleased with the job they did.  The only thing they missed was the refrigerator, but I quickly cleaned that myself.The maids worked hard and efficiently and they did a very good job.  If I still lived in Las Vegas I would use them again and I have since recommended the company to my friends.
5	I used Molly maid for the apartment I'm moving out of upon today and wow I had the pleasure of having two maids for 2 and a half hours... I just can't believe my eyes everything is just perfect. They cleaned the windows, stove, oven, floors, vents, toilets, tubs, even steam cleaned my carpets. That's not all they did but that's all the hard stuff that no one wants to be doing. They went above and beyond to make me happy I will use them weekly now.
1	I recently hired Molly Maids for a "move out" special. I spoke with Linda at the office and she told me the hourly rate of $75 and that the service normally takes between 1 1/2 hours to 2 hours to complete the job. When the two maids show up, they are barely ten feet into the home and they are telling me it will take them at least 4 hours to clean the house without even seeing the kitchen or going upstairs at all. Typical "bait and switch". After some discussion, I agree to 3 hours worth of cleaning. I could see in their faces the disappointment. After the 3 hours had passed, I returned to the house to find the job only half way done. Linda had sold me on all of the "extra details" that would be done, none of which occurred. Basically for 6 person hours of work, they cleaned the 2 1/2 bathrooms and the kitchen. What a disappointment! I couldn't complain to them or they would've wanted more time and money.I called the office back the next day on a Saturday and again spoke to Linda and expressed to her my dissatisfaction with the service. She was very apologetic and told me that the office manager would call me back on Monday.The office manager Alma called me back on Monday. I express to her my dissatisfaction with the cleaning service and the amount of work the accomplished in 3 hours. She apologized, but basically said the home was too dirty to get it cleaned with the level of detail that THEY TOLD ME they could do in 2 hours, again without even seeing the home. Basically she was saying their was nothing she could do for me unless I wanted to pay mor money. I told Alma that I was not happy and that I would never use Molly Maids again. She apologized and said she did not want to lose me as a customer. Well Alma that is not true. If you didn't want to lose a customer, you would have finished the job that your company promised.
1	Just like the other reviews I too was told it would take about 2 hours to clean my home and it would be $75 per hour.  I agreed to this as I had "pre-cleaned" my home so the focus could be on the  bathrooms, baseboards, dusting etc.  I explained this to the girls when they arrived.  After 3 hours and 4 rooms "cleaned" if you call it that, I told the girls I couldn't afford anymore time. Long story short, it took them a whole hour to "finish up"and I was charged $300. When I asked the question "it cost $300 for you to clean a bathroom, 2 living areas and a partial kitchen (they did not even wipe down the countertops)?" I was told "yes". So, as I write this, 1/2 of my house still needs to be finished.  I called the office and was met with hostility, aggression, and insults. The only solution that was offered was "we can come back and finish, but we will charge you". DO NOT USE THIS BAIT & SWITCH Organization. Horrible & outrageous customer service.
5	I have used Molly Maid for the past eight years.  My home is cleaned every two weeks.  I have been extremely satisfied with their service.   I find the price for the service fair.  The team members arrive on time and complete the cleaning promptly and efficiently.   I found the original cleaning charge to be fair.  The office staff is cordial and friendly.  This is a very professional company.   I receive a reminder call before each cleaning and a follow up call after every cleaning.   I recommend this company highly.  Reliable and fair price for services.  Thorough job.  The team members assigned to our home clean our home as if it were their own.  If I have a special request the team members are happy to assist.
1	Terrible. Their maids do not speak English and when you tell them to clean for an hour they charge you for 4 hours. They used dirty water to mop the floors, were extremely loud when cleaning the blinds and they lie on the phone and imply you are a liar.
