5	These guys will match internet prices. I found a set of tires i liked at some web site called them up and guess what they matched the price with shipping. Fast Fast fast! if your next in line and have been a friendly customer. These guys will get your wheels on at nascar pace. If you roll on dubs then you want the life time balancing as you can find a discount tire almost anywhere. A huge plus when you drive out of state and need a quick balance between hauls.
5	I was debating to give Discount Tire a full 4 or 5 star rating but decided on the 5 because of the extra services they provide when you buy tires from them such as lifetime road balancing, rotations and if you get the tire warranty, they will replace the tire under warranty and not pro-rate it unless the tire is absolutely just done. On the last two of my three cars, I have taken advantage of this warranty which more the paid for itself after the first use. Plus with internet price match, when I know I need new tires, I just search online for the tires I want, find them for cheaper and then have Discount match the price for even more money saved. Yay, Discount Tire!
5	I have done business with Discount Tire in Texas and America's Tire in California and always been happy with the results.  Today I went to Discount tire in Henderson Nv.  I have my Chaparral boat stored there and went to inspect it and it had a flat tire on the trailer.  This is a two axle trailer with a GVW of almost 7,000 lbs and I have a 3/8 "  socket set and a really cheap floor jack.  I make an attempt to loosen the lug nuts and cannot budge any of them.  Discount tire is located next door to the storage facility where my boat is stored so I go there and talk to Aaron who sees me pull into the parking lot and walks out to meet me.I explain to Aaron that I have a flat on the trailer and give him the tire size.  He looks on his computer and tells me what my choices are and I choose the Carlisle trailer tire.  He offers to send a tech with me with a floor jack and tools to get the flat changed!!!!.  I took him up on his offer and I offered to pay for the "road service" and Aaron would not let me.Long story short. Evan changed my tire on the trailer.  Both people were very professional and helpful, representing Discount Tire very well. (I did tip Evan so I wouldn't feel guilty)These trailer tires were over 8 years old with 15,000 miles on them and a boat trailer that sat out in the sun for 6 years took it's toll on the tires.  When I move the trailer to put the boat in the water, I will be going back to Discount Tire for the other 3 new tires and will extend the invite to take them out on the boat!!!I bought 4 Michelin tires for my truck in Pasadena, Ca about 6,000 mi ago.  Changed from Dunlop.  They matched the price from Sam's club and I also got the $70 rebate!!I wont go anywhere else for tires!!!!
5	No charge for 2 tire repairs! I was so pleased with the customer service and timing :D
5	They are very knowledgable in Tire and Car specific tire needs! I can't say much for performance tires, but they know Subaru Legacy GT's!! I'm happy!!!
5	When it comes to vehicle maintenance I usually steer clear of the national chains.  But this location (and company) has never failed to do right by me.I think I've purchased my last six tires from Discount Tire and will continue to purchase from these folks.  I remember several years ago I ran over a screw days after purchasing new tires and these guys replaced the damaged tire for the cost of the insurance, no problem.Most recently I bought a new (used) vehicle and sold my truck.  I think the tires on the old truck were no more than a year old, purchased from Discount.  When I experienced some steering wheel shake in my new ride and did some research, I figured the guys at Discount Tire would be able to resolve the issue.  I dropped it off and requested a balance, rotation and rim inspection.  Picked it up a few hours later and the handling issues are totally corrected.  Even better, as a regular customer these guys charged me as if they were servicing the tires they installed in my truck rather than a whole new vehicle.Thanks guys.  I will be back, for sure.
