5	three other A/C repair companies made us wait at home for their service calls, only to show up and be too scared to climb up on our roof. enter Steve, from cool blew. he shows up, checks things out, and says, "yup, i can get up there and fix it". exactly what you want to hear when your a/c is broken in the summer of AZ. and he did. fixed it and now we are chillin again! thanks steve!
5	Picture it: My house was at 118 degrees. Well, that's really all you need to picture. It was damned hot in there. My house is under warranty so the warranty company chose Cool Blew to service my a/c unit. I'm so happy they did! Dave showed up and thoroughly and as promptly as he could, checked out what needed to be repaired. Once he discovered the problem he explained the options I had available to me, what home warranties do and don't cover, and got me set up to have a new compressor installed. He and the other two men that installed the compressor were very knowledgeable, friendly, efficient and easy to work with. I would definitely recommend this company!
1	Cool Blew BLOWS! We called them in because the A/C stopped blowing cold air on Thursday, but rectified itself by Friday. So let's have them come in look at it and see what they can find. When they arrived at my home it was a nice 72 degrees inside and a not so nice 108 degrees outside. The technician was very nice, but didn't check the temperature of the air coming out of the vents before he left. He did minimal diagnostics or repairs. After he left the temperature started climbing. 76, 78, ........I then called the technician that did the service. His response to me was "Can you call the office because they have me in Buckeye now." Against my better judgement I took on his job and called in to the main office. Bad customer service is one thing, but Shannon was down right disrespectful. When I told her that I have a 18 month old daughter and a wife that is 7 months pregnant, her response was "I can't do anything about that. It's hot outside."They finally call me back and tell me they will have another technician back "in an hour......hour and a half at the latest." It's now been 2 hours with no sign of the tech or a call from the main office. It is now 88 degrees and climbing. I just called the office again and there is no one answering the phones. It is now more than 5 hours since the first tech was here and the second tech has finally arrived. Let's see if he bothers checking the air temperature blowing from the vents.The second tech that came by , Johnny, was great. He found the malfunctioning part, replaced it and didn't charge us. He was very apologetic as well. Johnny did a great job! Unfortunately Shannon's disrespectful attitude and the first technicians failing earned Cool Blew a solid One Star performance rating.24 hours later and our A/C is not working again. When we called the office they answered, but said they couldn't help us today. I then called the techs cell phone number and he wouldn't help us either. I asked if there was anyone on call and he said there was, i asked him for the on call number and he wouldn't give it to me.
1	I am extremely disapointed with the service offered by the office. Shannon was extremely unkind and did not treat me like a customer should be treated. Shannon scolded me for calling to touch base on ETA for the technician twice in one day. She was rude and I wasn't surprised to find other reviews about her specifcally online. I think she is doing the owners a majoy disservice.Shannon said that when the technician is on his way I will get a call to let me know and that I don't need to keep calling her. Guess what?! I never got a call and the tech showed up. Luckily my neighbor was around.......I highly advise against the company only because of the service in the office. Rick, the tech was great!
1	These guys are the worst. Stsy away. Dispatcher is rude beyond belief.
5	I had a regular A/C guy.  He replaced a capacitor about 4 weeks ago when my A/C went out.  It went out again.My man got stuck on an appointment, so I had to look around and found Cool Blew.My first contact after a very personable receptionist was Jonathon, Gen. Mgr.  I explained my situation .  He asked for the model number and serial number and found compressor, and the capacitor, which I recently replaced were still under warranty.Chris, the tech, came out within 2 hours after the first call me and found the problem within 5 minutes.  A wire on the part replaced came loose and shorted.Within 5 minutes, Chris had it fix and reattached.  All for the 69.00 service call!!!!That's why I gave them 5 stars!!!!  Kudos to all there!!!!
5	Cool Blew are the absolute BEST! John came to my house to fix my broken garbage disposal, he was in and out in about 20 minutes, was very friendly and professional and clean :) I would definitely recommend Cool Blew to anyone who needs any sort of plumbing work done!
4	I am new to Phoenix and had no experience with any other AC companies in the area prior to December 2012 when Cool Blew came out.About a month prior to Cool Blew coming out to our house I had another company come out to "inspect" the AC unit for a measly $20 and four cans of food as part of an off-season promotion they were running. The other company told me we had a major leak in the coil and if I didn't replace the unit before the next cooling season began, the whole thing would freeze up and we would be stuck replacing it as an emergency. Enter Cool Blew. They were the company our home warranty company sent out to repair the freon leak claimed by the previous company. The Cool Blew guy showed me that the previous tech that was out had left the freon valve caps laying on the ground next to the outdoor unit, allowing the elements to clog it up. Cool Blew replaced a Schrader valve and recharged the freon (it was about 15% low). The work was done in the winter so we haven't stressed tested the unit yet, but Cool Blew earned high marks with me for professionalism, candor and saving us money.
1	I had a plumbing issue with a sewage smell coming into my house through the shower drain.  Service One Home Warranty sent this company out to troubleshoot.  The guy they sent (dark hair, surly) was rude, disrespectful and dishonest.  When he discovered that there was no easy access to the plumbing, he told me to pour bleach down the drain.  I told him that I was interested in RESOLVING the problem, not masking it.  He answered every question I posed to him with a shrug and an "I don't know." and was very flippant.  He then went outside and called my warranty company and told them that everything was fine and there was no odor.  When he came in to have me sign the order form I refused because he misrepresented what he had done.  He just wanted to get his $55 service fee and leave.  Anyway, I eventually got the problem solved with a different company but had to pay ANOTHER service fee for them to come out.  Don't patronize these jerks.
1	Bad, bad customer service. We have to go through these guys because of our home warranty - makes me rethink the whole home warranty thing!Called home warranty Friday because our house was 85 degrees inside. Was told that Cool Blew was already closed, but we should hear something first thing in the morning. Of course we didn't, so I called Cool Blew directly Saturday afternoon.I got the feeling that I was bothering them trying to schedule my appointment, and was then advised that someone would come out Monday between 2pm and 5pm.Moved my work schedule around so I could be home by 2 to wait. 5:30 comes around and finally get a call from the office that the tech is still at the other job and will be here shortly.7:15 rolls around and no one is here. We called Cool Blew and the guy my husband spoke with said he's trying to get ahold of the tech, but the tech isn't answering his phone. He'll call us back when he gets ahold of him. He called back a few minutes later and said that the tech still isn't done and it'll be awhile longer.At this point, we just cancelled the appointment. It's not worth it, and the level of unprofessionalism is blowing my mind! Yes, it's Arizona and yes an A/C repair company will be busy - get more staff! Get people to answer the phone who aren't bothered by customers. It's pretty simple. Keeping in contact with us and being proactive could have avoided a lot of this frustration. If our home warranty company doesn't have another option for a different company, it looks like we'll just have to switch home warranty companies! What a joke!
3	I've been using Cool Blew for a while now for regular tuneups and repairs to my AC. During this past service we requested the technician bring Respicare filters for the AC and when he arrived he stated he was not told about the filters and would order them. A couple weeks went by and I called Cool Blew to get an update, I was told by the customer service rep they would look into it and have a manager call me back. A week went by and I didn't hear anything so I called again to follow up. After being placed on hold for a long period of time the customer service rep stated she did see in our service notes that we had requested the filters and had also called to follow up. She stated she would speak with a manager ASAP and would absolutely follow up with me.... Here we are a week later and nothing. I tried calling again and was not able to reach anyone. I'm so disappointed in Cool Blew because they had being doing a great job up until now. They do good work but have terrible customer service.
5	Used this company last summer and again just now, when its going to be 112 degrees today. ugh.  Fast to respond. Fast to fix. Everyone was friendly. Seemed pretty knowledgeable. Robert was my technician today. I also used their Plumbing service last year; John was a great help and pretty funny too.  Jonathon is co-owner, I do believe, and he was great to work with as well. Happy with service!
1	Scheduled to have service done on my AC, scheduled for a four hour window in the morning one week in advance.  Took a half day off work to wait for technician yet nobody showed up from 8-12pm window.  I called and was put on hold for a lengthy time and they said I had the wrong window, that it was 12-4, which I would never schedule for any appointment due to children at school and difficulty being there.  When I initially booked I confirmed the appointment twice with the scheduler and set it in my calendar while on the phone.  Very difficult to deal with, weren't able to reschedule me due to "update" so I will not be dealing with this unprofessional business anymore, stay away!
5	Very concerned when my five year old air conditioner stopped working, I felt that is should not have failed since it was not that old and it was a very good brand.I have a home warranty; my last experience with the air conditioning company they sent was not a very good one, I even called to get my service fee refunded since he could not find anything wrong with my unit and was out of my home in 5 minutes. I guess they are in a hurry because they don't make much money on customers like me with a home warranty.  Needless to say this go round, I was apprehensive when Cool Blew came to repairing such a new air conditioner. It was very expensive and I did not want untrained technicians creating a bigger problem then what I already had.  I am picky and check the ROC, BBB as well as the internet to see if the company is good or has a good reputation. Cool Blew did a fantastic job repairing my air conditioner. The technicians name was "Robbie"; he was very professional, clean cut and very respectful, even when I asked several questions about the work he performed. He even took the time to explain to me that he found another problem in my attic that the installation company wired wrong! I always wondered why I could not get the ac to stay on all the time. The fan would not work on the "on" position only auto.Robbie told me he found it and corrected it for me as he was going through his checklist. I thought that was really good service since I did not tell him about it. Now, I will always ask for Cool Blew and no one else! Again - Thanks Robbie for taking your time and doing a great job! My experience was great and I want you to know that! Good AC company - hard to find!
5	Our AC went out at 5 pm today (day after a holiday).  I called our home warranty and they said it could be as late as Thursday before anyone could come out.  They called Cool Blew and there was a technician at my house in less than 15 minutes.  From the call to the Home warranty company until the job was completed was less than an hour.  Darrell was really kind and did an amazing job.  Now I dont have to worry about getting a hotel so we dont cook tonight!  Thank you Darrell and Cool Blew!
5	Solid service. our Home Warranty has had these guys come out twice now for 2 seperate issues. Both times they were prompt and friendly and fixed the issue.No complaints.
5	Shane came at 9pm on a Sunday night on overtime to take care of the leak from our AC unit coming from the ceiling. His supervisor Robby( sorry if the spelling is wrong) was really great in the phone and he made sure he got someone over here ASAP. I'm sure there's times in the past when this company did not deliver according to some old reviews but Shane was professional, competent and ready for work when he got to my house he also drove almost an hour to get to our place. I highly recommend Shane and Cool blew!
5	Our Home warrantee company (One Guard - very good people) responded to our air conditioning unit not working. They sent 3 companies who all made changes that did not work more than a day.  And then they sent us Cool Blew.The tech showed up on time the same day they were called. He was courteous, well spoken and did clean work. He changed a capacitor, and added coolant to the system but then he asked if we also ran an evaporative cooler on this system. I told him we did and he said he needed to go on the roof and check the "Damper" system between the Evaporative cooler and the Air conditioner.He found that the Damper was not closing so that most of our air conditioned air was going outside. He fixed that and the AC works better now than it has for several years.Could not have been a better outcome for work done on the house. I do have to comment on the call center. They were courteous but definitely discouraged any idle chit chat.  I realize they did their job and we got what we needed and I really have no complaints but  the initial call was great but a follow up call to give them my cell number was pretty curt.Bottom line - I would call them again and ask for the same tech.
5	I don't write reviews unless they are warranted.  I expect a company that I pay to come and get the job done.  To get a review they need to earn it.  In this case, Cool Blew exceeded my expectations and has earned this positive review.  They communicated in a timely manner, arraigned for my repairs, and repaired my AC exactly as they said.  The techs Shane and Jimmy were both professional, punctual, and straight shooters.  They did not upsell me on unnecessary parts, service, or units.  They accurately diagnosed the issues with my HVAC, repaired the defective parts, and did not cut any corners during the repairs.  It was repaired the right way the first time, and I got exactly what I expected.  I have no reservation recommending this company to my family and friends and I will continue to use this company for my future needs.
5	Our A/C unit went out and needed to be replaced.  I called three company's and Cool Blew had the best price.  They were able to install the unit during a time that worked best for us.  Shane and Shawn were outstanding during the install, professional and informative. I would recommend them to ANYONE and EVERYONE!!!
1	Had to use these guys because of our home warranty. Our AC stopped working on Saturday evening, called them as soon as I got their info from the warranty company. Their website says 24 hr service, the guy that answered said sorry, we don't have anyone working tonight. They'll get the warranty companies message tomorrow & someone will call to schedule you. I had to call them on Sunday to schedule it. Was told between 8-12 on Monday & the tech will call on his way, so i took half a day off from my new job. Just after 12 & still nothing. Call the company & am told the tech will arrive within the hour. Finally at 1:15 the tech arrives. Seems like a nice guy, but it's no wonder this company has such awful reviews, horrible management of operations & communication with s
5	Great service call from Johnny Reza, the HVAC tech who serviced my AC.  My AC didn't feel cool enough so I called OneGuard, my home warranty service, to send someone out.  My dog, Sadie, and I want to feel comfortable since it's still hot.  Johnny Reza was very, very professional and found the drain for the humidity was clogged.  It was a simple fix to unclog it but he was very polite and professional.  Will definitely request Cool Blew for further HVAC services if I need them.
5	My heat pump started making a loud noise and shaking the whole house while running. I submitted a work order through my home warranty (Old Republic) and was referred to Cool Blew. I had never heard of them so I looked to Yelp and saw the good reviews. Johnny showed up on time and even covered his shoes when entering my home. He worked on my system and had the problem corrected quickly. I will request Cool Blew every time I need service.
