5	Very professional, welcoming and comfortable with exceptional service and welcoming advice and expertise. ..I'm one happy customer......if you want professional care and attention.....this is the place. ...look no further. ....
5	I have been going to Jennifer for a couple years now for my waxing, facials and skin care and she is amazing. She is always knowledgable, I always feel comfortable in her spa. I really recommend the Dermaplaning after your facial it is way better then Microdermabrasion. My skin looked amazing after she worked on me and will go back this winter to follow up with some peels.
5	Awesome experience. Jenifer is friendly, professional, and does exceptional work. Having never experienced facial, dermaplaning and microabrasions I was nervous at the beginning. Jenifer does a great job explaining what all the treatments are and what they do. Her care and attention to detail is superb and I would highly recommend visiting her spa for any of her treatments and services.
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!!!  Jenifer is amazing and makes my skin look better than ever!  You can tell she knows her stuff by how perfect her skin is, and I do mean perfect.  She is professional and really assesses your skin to ensure the proper treatment, providing exactly what your individual skin needs.  I so recommend her to anyone who wants to improve or extend the youthfulness of their skin
5	I loved my facial, jen is very detailed with her work. She deep cleansed my skin and also made sure I was completely relaxed. I will definitely be back and recommend her to anyone wanting a great facial.
5	Jenifer always makes me so confortable and relaxed.  She has made me 10 years younger!  Love her facials, peels and waxing techniques!   Her hands are magical!  She definitely knows her stuff.  Very knowledgeable and always a great experience!  You have to experience her services and your hooked!  Call her to get on her schedule you will not regret it!!!  Amazing personality and professional skin care to the max!!!
