4	When I come to Charlotte and need a place just to sleep in, I come here. The hotel is about a half mile off of Route 51, so its really quiet. The rooms just have a tv, but for the price I paid for the room, it was well worth it. The staff is very helpful, and very accommodating as the last time I went, I was not able to check in until 11am.If you're looking for a clean place to rest your head on a budget, I suggest the Suburban Extended Stay.
2	PROS:  Friendly staff, convenient location, free wi-fiCONS:  Way too much Pine Sol used to clean rooms - VERY overwhelning, cabinetry very worn and shabby looking, furniture one step above Goodwill, poor bathroom lighting, no hair dryer, no luggage rack, half the outlets didn't work.If you simply require a bed and a pillow, then this is fine for a one nighter.  If you're planning on staying in a hotel in Charlotte for longer than that ... shop around.
4	I needed a place to stay for a night before I could move into my apartment in Charlotte, and this was definitely the nicest place I could find for around $50.All other places were straight up scary with people whistling at you and looking up your windows as you walk by. They were shadyyyyy.The Suburbian hotel, on the other hand, made me feel safe and comfortable. They have great staff who even waited for me past their closing time so I had enough time to drive up. I also left my really nice shower set there, and they found and returned it almost as soon as I realized it.They are also right next to Waffle House, so you can just walk over and get food whenever you please. Free Wi-Fi is also a big plus.
1	I am accustomed to much better.In town for the weekend, I couldn't believe how much cheaper this hotel was when I booked it. Then I arrived, and it all made sense.From the carpet scarred from trying to get out one two many stains, to the paper-thin towels, to the free wi-fi I couldn't access, to the overall grimy feeling of the furniture, I got what I paid for.I checked out the next day and stayed somewhere else.
