4	This massive bar on St Jacques is plastered in TVs and screens so that you can catch every moment and every play from your favorite sporting events. They have a vast food menu for a bar, quite a few choices of beer and drinks and really low prices.If you're in the area or if you want a change from the regular downtown bars, PJs a good bet.Try their Subs, I really enjoyed mine!
5	I've been going to PJ's for 3 years straight to watch hockey (HABS) and other sports events. They have lots of screens and projectors and also lots of tables. Prices are very low and food/drinks are very good. I suggest you try Chicken wings with fries and the 13$ steak . Honestly one of the best places to watch sports and eat in town !A+
4	Your standard sports Bar with TV screens everywhere humanly possible so guaranteed to get a good view of the Habs game or UFC fight which they are famous for. A good spot for a night out with the boys considering the long tables and very cheap pitchers. Food is standard pub food, pizza is great, burgers are decent. Staff are friendly, yet on busy nights you might have to get a bit proactive. It would be the king of all sports bars if the TVs and projectors were HD, which they are not.In the summer they have an open Terrasse with bar and TV screens, in winter this is a heat lamp smokers haven.
1	Waitress was slow didn't care hard to order kept asking what we ordered took hour to get bill had to go find her waited 15 min standing in front of her. Asking to get it we walked out of the place came back in she doesn't care the worst ever food was ok nothing great wouldn't go back ever again
2	We wanted to catch game 2 of the stanley cup playoffs so we headed up here knowing there was cheap food and beer. The food was reasonably priced and average. You do get large portions though. We all ordered versions of the "Giant" burger platter. You get a big burger topped with lettuce and onion, a serving of fried and a green salad with italian dressing. They only had two beers on tap Keith's Blonde or Red. The  beer was a bit watery but you get what you pay for. The real sticking point was the staff. Our waitress was terrible. She rarely came around (you can't buy more beer if there is no one to serve you) and acted put out when we wanted to order more. We had to pester to be able to pay up. Great if you want to watch the game as they have lots and lots of big screens. I sugges ordering the 120 oz pitcher (20 bucks or so) then you don't have to bother your waitress all night.
4	Is this place gourmet? NoIs it exactly what you want in a sports bar? Yes. HUGE menu, decent food, great prices, mediocre wait staff and a fantastic array of flat screens that play all the big games and ALL the pay per views!The best place for pre-gaming outside of downtown!
1	We must have had one of the most miserable bartenders EVER! This girl didn't smile once. She was absolutely inattentive, and bordering on rude. She clearly wasn't thrilled to be working the back bar on a Saturday night. Not in the least.Okay. So we arrive at about 8:30-ish and the bar is pretty crowded. There is much more seating than I ever remembered there being. I mean, I remember the old days when the majority of the place was a dance floor, I remember the transition to sports bar and the addition of VLTs, and I even remember then adding several bars to they could add more VLTs. I think the last time I was here was about 5 years ago and again, it has kind of changed. It has more of that old Peel Pub vibe then ever, only there are machines everywhere and it is no where near as classy! Anyhow, we and head to the back bar to wait for some friends to arrive. Seated right beside the bathrooms, it was the only empty bar. We soon learned why.We had wanted to sit and have a few drinks, wait for our friends, but the drinking part wasn't going to happen anytime soon. Our bartender, who's bar is completely empty at this point, is kind of pacing back and forth, doing... I don't know what.Finally, after close to 15 minutes I gesture for drinks. She comes over and I ask what drinks are available, She tells me Labatt products - that's it. Okay. I get a beer and immediately am asked to pay for it. Okay. I offer my credit card but she says they only take cash. Whatever. Fine. The beer is cheap, I think it was $3.75, I mean, that's pretty cheap, but then again, it is cheap beer.Later on in the evening, I see someone drinking a Guinness. A Guinness?! Where'd he get that Guinness? From the bar. Maybe my bartender didn't have Guinness stocked, I ask her and she tells me she has Guinness, but I didn't ask for a Guinness. Okay.So there you have it. Pub PJ is a dive. If you want to watch a live event like soccor or boxing, something like that, it makes sense, but I can see no other reason to head to that bar otherwise. We had a super rude and miserable bartender, oh and I forgot to mention that they do not have ANY hot water in the bathrooms. Only cold waters from their taps. According to one girl who works there she said this is how they cut corners. So I would hate to imagine the other areas they cut corners on.Thanks but no thanks.
4	Having spent two summers slinging drinks here I can break the rumour, NO the beer isn't recycled. The place makes its money due to its cheap rent, cheap labor, bulk sales and crazy cash from the lotto machines. Personally I'm a huge fan of the food. Having eaten everything off the menu I suggest the hamburger steak, the skewers and the subs. Great great great for groups.Food:  8/10 - Service:  7/10 - rotating staff mean hit or missPrice:  9/10Atmosphere:  8/10 - great for games
2	a gigantic bar in the middle of nowhere (almost) that offers your typical bar food (ok-ish) and somewhat inexpensive alcoholthe place is crowded and loud. as for service, decent at first but they tend to forget you as the night goesthe crowd is a mix of locals, out of towners/travellers who are staying at the hotel next door and people who are there for some escort services (because of the hotel next door). well, from asking around and confirmed by some. so you wouldn't feel out of place here as you get a bit of everythingfor me, it's way out of my way, i'm not much of a sports bar person, there's better out there and i got some bad service hence the low score
1	"Beer-measuring test shows PJ's Pub served 5 oz less than advertised."http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/montreal/beer-measuring-test-shows-some-bars-served-5-oz-less-than-advertised-1.2668968Peter Sergakis owns more than a dozen establishments in the Montreal area (Sports Station and PJ's Pub) and based on the CBC article they short serve alcohol.  Must be nice to order an overpriced drink and 25% less alcohol than you paid for.
4	I went here yet for another's friend's birthday and let me tell you that place is HUMONGOUS. From the outside, it looks like a shitty bar with 2 tables but far from it! There is an enormous amount of tables, huge and clean bathrooms and 3 bars!The prices for the food were quite decent and the amount was very respectable but I was disappointed about the increase of the beer price. I was told it was 22$ for the 4L and it increased to 28$ when I came by :(.GREAT atmosphere, plenty of TVs to watch UFC/Hockey games from, plenty of space, fast service, friendly staff and they had a bouncer (which kind of looked more show than action but whatever).Very wide selection of food for a sports pub. I was also fairly impressed by the quality of the nachos as I am usually served a shit ton of chips with very little toppings in other pubs.
1	Bummer, their must be new owners here or something. I've been here twice recently... The second time was to make sure the first try wasn't a fluke. For starters, that giant pitcher isn't 18$ anymore... It's $28!!... And there are zero drink specials. I mean, seriously, I don't drive out or take a bus to the middle of nowhere st jacques to pay downtown prices!!Both times we ordered calamari... And tho it was never mind blowing it was damn good for $8! These last two times, however, they came burnt and our jaws hurt when we chewed on for too long. Then we ordered a grilled cheese... BURNT!! And garlic bread... Burnt on the edges... All in all, $50 for two people here was a huge downer. Won't be back.
4	Good sports bar lacking in beer selection but all in all cheap greasy food to soak up the booze and if u got a itchy finger to win the got the vlts too
2	An alright place to watch some games. Infinite parking.Drink prices aren't low. Food is not very good for the price.
