4	I'm glad I didn't review this last night after an amazing wine tasting hosted by the Chandler Wine Enthusiast group (although it might have been more entertaining).The food was excellent and I have to say the staff wasn't the most educated on wine BUT they were so helpful, and truly friendly. The wine list looked like it mainly focused on French wines, but there were a few California stuck in there too. Fun lesson learned: French wine is made to go with food. You won't find many people drinking it as a standalone beverage. The flavors really come out when you compliment it with food. Neat huh?
3	this is just a start to a review, as i didn't really get a chance to really go over the menu and wine list.we ended up here because we had been at ra next door, stuck on the patio b/c their busy friday happy hour forced us outside. it was soooooooooo hot we packed up and went next door. which was a little off-putting, going from a loud, 80s top 40s-playing young, boisterous crowd to a French, white-table cloth restaurant playing elevator music. we were a lot of sweaty, a little drunk and felt very out of place. the decor reminded me of mimi's - fake brick and whimsical fake vines and wrought iron and chandeliers. not my taste, or my style, but i can imagine the moms and grandmas EAT IT UP. in fact i saw more delighted, mouth hanging open, oohing and ahhhing by 50+ women in that 20 minutes it took me to finish my beer than i thought possible.ok, but i have to give this place credit, after knocking its style- and note that everything is authentic. the brick that looks like it's from Thunder mountain railroad is actually imported from europe. the woode framed doors, windows are actual pieces salvaged from old world churches. the chandeliers, same deal.... i'm sure the owner paid a pretty penny for such authenticity, but unless you are told that, you wouldn't know, so... it's kind of a loss, i think.the menu looked delicious, lots of cheeses and brie and escargo - french fancy stuff. i would like to come back and try the food, and probably will. and maybe my rating will go up then.
5	I had the pleasure of stumbling into La Vigne for the first time with a friend on Memorial Day Weekend.  We were certainly in for a pleasant surprise.  To date we have only had breakfast at La Vigne, but we are very much looking forward to sharing a desert and a bottle of wine sometime soon.If you go for breakfast, be sure to order a cappuccino with your meal.  The savory crepes and quiche were both fantastic.  My friend shared his french toast and thick bacon.......ummmmm, all good!!
4	The food was awesomeHad a crepe and some daily pate and cheesesHowever, I didn't enjoy the ambiance.  Just like the other reviewers, I found it to be too old people-ish, especially when its right next door to the trendy, loud RA crowd.
2	Please, please let me begin this review by saying I am not responsible for this reaction and it was entirely motivated by the awful experience my boyfriend and I endured. That being said I shall begin:La Vigne must have some seriously lofty goals because the ideas were both grande as well as maybe too lofty to obtain. We arrived at around 7:30 p.m. to a nearly bare restaurant on a Friday night. Now, particularly one of the reasons I enjoy dining out is for the atmosphere. I enjoy places that are packed with people, entertainment, servers and jubilation that is certain to change my mood. La Vigne was anything but those hot buttons. There were few dining parties, fewer servers and an empty piano bench sitting next to a baby grand piano. We were  however, greeted by the hostess and shown to our table. She offered a strong wine list as well as two heavily bound menus. The menu was a bit complicated. Some of the entrees included Seafood, Duck and Poultry, (the standard fair of a french restaurant. Here is where La Vigne earned the two stars, one for the waiter and one for the delectable dinner bread served with an herbed butter as well as tabled olives.At this point I implore caution, please only read further if you are interested in my opinion. If not, drop a few twenty dollar bills into a whole in the ground and bury them because that would be much better than suffering through this food.After a few moments we chose some entrees and began the terrible downturn of our experience. I selected an entree that in French was Fruits de Mer....(Seafood), this included scallops, shrimp, mussels, egg noodle pasta and a bit of sprinkled parsley. My boyfriend chose a chicken and pasta entree. The price for each of these entrees ranged from $18.95 to $26.95 for the seafood. From here we settled in and enjoyed some quiet chatting. There was an appetizing course of French Onion soup for myself as well as a Caesar salad for my companion prior to the main course. Soon the entrees had arrived and we were shocked to see what actually came to the table. Our plates were huge and full of food, some what appearing to over compensate for something by showering us with extremely large portions. Taste: I separate this one out, because of my own fondness of food I have a very specific palette that can taste everything in a good meal. In this case I was showered with a terrible entree. The shrimp was over cooked, tough and very chewy, the scallops where well done on the exterior and nearly raw on the interior, whereas the mussels didn't even have a supporting role. What was even more astonishing was the flavor the entire plate of egg noodles. Yes, I said Egg Noodles....just like the ones Mom used to prepare in her Hamburger Helpers. I half expected the pasta to be homemade with the prices they were charging. Secondly, the "pasta" was topped with shredded Parmesan cheese. But not the freshly grated fare, no, it was the store bought in a plastic tupperwear, pre-shredded months ago and sitting on the store shelf Parmesan cheese. As I attempted to eat my meal I was reminded that the chef maybe hasn't tried this dish himself because he would be appalled with how bad it tasted. The final nail in this coffin was the olive oil that was drenched over the pasta and seafood. The olive oil was very bitter and had not been infused with anything to save the day. To bring an end to recounting this torture I understand that from time to time restaurants experience growing pains. I also understand these restaurants may change in the future, that being said I will re-review this establishment in 6 months time whereas at that time, I trust they will have figured themselves out.
1	Hey Guys: I have to send an update to those who are loyal to my argumentative period of reviews. La Vigne was unfortunately closed a few months ago. But, in all honesty I have to say with the lack of business over the past few months, I am not surprised. Our brief encounter with La Vigne expressed a desire to "as I would say" bury $100 in the ground and save myself the trouble of digesting the experience. Anywho, just wanted you all to know I stand by my word and conviction!
