5	This is one of the best pet stores i have been to. All the employees were so helpful and patient. The manager Eric was great in helping us buy our latest addition to our family. A little Corgi that goes by the name of "Chloe". They were great in helping us get the paperwork to be able to fly the puppy with us back to SF. All of the pets they had at this store were very well kept and socialized.
1	I bought a puppy from Pet Pros for $600, the sales person assured me the dog was registered and we would be getting the papers in the mail.  No papers came and when we called to find out what was going on, they gave us an email address.  When we emailed them, the sent us back an email saying the puppy is not registered and there are no papers.  They blatently lied to us, no wonder these stores are closing
2	It's right next to a Trader Joe's so it gets a lot of lookers but NO WAY would I buy a dog from here!   The young staff tried to convince me that these animals are not from puppy mills one look makes me think the opposite.I went in and looked at the American Eskimo Puppies (I have one from a real AKC breeder)  YIKES - coat was terrible.  Sure enough the "pedigree" - from some fly by night group confirmed the puppy was from MO (heart of puppy mill territory)  No thanks.
1	This store is trash. They have very rude employees. They said that they would replace our turtle with in a week. The turtle pasted away after two days and I was told that they aren't goin to replace my dead pet. Never buy anythin from this store.
1	Purchased a dog not knowing anything. Dog is healthy and playful.  But the pure breed papers we got with dog turns out to be from Apri American pet registry.  Which is a puppy mill and the papers of are worthless. I was deceived thinking I was buying a quality dog with their premium prices!!!  STAY AWAY!
1	What do you expect when you have kids running the store. They are rude!!!  I cringe every time I go into that store.  The babies look miserable. Some of the dogs have outgrown there stay. The crates they r in are too small.  So I watched this kid who works there showing the puppies. she grabbed them like they were trash.  The place is a mess. If your the owner and you read this, You need to rethink who you hire??? So this is the line of crap I get from one of the lazy disheveled kid.  I cant show you that puppy because hes been out of his cage today so i cant pull him out it will stress him out??? Really?????
1	WORST PET STORE IN VEGAS!!!  The staff are so rude, do not like to help you.  Customer service?  FORGET IT!!!  The puppies are let loose and run around with NO SUPERVISION.  Someone could easily run out with one of the dogs!!!  Don't be surprised if this happens!!!
5	We had a great experience at Pet Pros, we special ordered a Springer Spaniel and while it took quite a while to come in, the staff couldn't have been friendlier on the phone and in person.  This is our second puppy from here and would definitely come back again.  Thank you!
