5	Awesome place where you can purchase and take out authentic Egyptian food. Mena, the owner is a delight!! I ordered the Falafel lunch plate that comes with delicious whole wheat pita bread, hummus and veggies (tomatoes with shredded cabbage and cilantro) Super tasty and the portion was very generous.  I had enough for two meals and even shared with my husband who loved it too. The Lentil soup at a mere $1.99 was very good too. Try it!, it's very nutritious and will help by giving you energy.
5	What a great find, we have been looking for a Falafel place for a while since we arrived to Charlotte, NC. The price is awesome and the falafels are even better (please note if you are a falafel connoisseur these are not chickpea falafels).We also loved the baklava it is one of the better ones I've had and I typically don't like this dessert. Next time I'll try the rice pudding.
5	Egyptian/ Mediterranean meets Matthews!  Impressive Food!  Incredible Value!  The owner is a High School Student!TAKE OUT! !!!  One Table on the sidewalk which is where we ate!Kabobs : Chicken Mmmmm Fantastic flavor, Skewered with Onions, Peppers and Tomato   Perfect seasoning Wonderful flavorLentil Soup!!! One of the BEST I have tasted Anywhere!Rokak is simpler than Borek ground meat with multi-layers of thin dough where Borek is one thin layer of dough Macaroni Bechamel is like Mac and Cheese with Meat or Lasagna with a thick almost similar to a quiche? I think!Beautiful Beet and Red Cabbage Salad with Cilantro and ? and Nice! Red Red RED!Hummus was A-OKBaklava!  Way Better than Most!  A mixture of Nuts, this "dryer" version is the way I like it with minimal syrup just on the bottom here!
5	WOW!  Hands down the best lentil soup I've ever eaten in my life.  I was hesitant to eat here because the shopping center is kind of sketchy.  I'm so glad he offered me a sample of the soup, because I wouldn't have ordered it.  (It's not soup weather right now!)  The pita was warm and just the right amount of chewy.  The generously portioned chicken kabob and the two sides i chose- hummus and baba ganoush, were sooo yummy.   (You get to pick two "salads" out of four options- hummus, baba ganoush, veggie salad, and a cucumber mint salad.)All for $11, btw.  Yeeeahhhhhh, baby.
2	Man, I was really hoping and looking forward to this after reading the reviews and story.We ordered the lentil soup, fries, lamb and chicken kabobs, and Baklava. The soup was not what I expected, it was watery and thin with hardly no texture at all....I really expected some texture and substance to this.  The fries, they were good but VERY VERY salty...I would have like to see more lemon and garlic and less salt. The lamb was way overcooked, very dry and chewy.....the chicken was better and I usually always like lamb better.  As for the other sides that were all good.  We both liked the baklava.I'd love to see Mena visit a place like The Beirut Restaurant in Peachtree City GA and do a week there learning as that is to me the bar for Mediterranean food.
5	Menas Grill is now CLOSED. Such a shame.
