2	I haven't visited the Bruegger's on East Blvd in quite a few years.  This past weekend, I was reminded why. I went during lunchtime on Saturday.  It took me awhile to decide what I wanted.  $6 for a plain ol' sandwich?  Yikes.  I could get a sub from Harris Teeter for half that.  I opted for the under $4 spinach, egg, and cheese breakfast bagel.  The guy behind the counter seemed like he was stoned; it took him awhile to assemble the simple sandwich.  Once I was on my way, I stopped by the unkempt beverage station to fill up my cup.  It needed restocking and a wipe-up in a major way.  Then I went to sit down...and had a flashback.  This was exactly what I remember from last time, and why I hadn't come back.  There was no line at the counter, the dining room had less than a handful of tables occupied, and yet as I looked around, every table was dirty.  Crumbs, spills, and general dishevel.  I wanted to sit down...but I was afraid.  It was close to 90 degrees outside, but I took my sandwich outside to eat anyway.  The sandwich was pretty good, but I can get a good assembled breakfast sandwich at Starbucks, too, and not have to fight my way through all the filth.  Clean up your act, Bruegger's!
3	So somewhere in the center of the corporate bagel universe the baker demigods got together and decided that some bagel chains would be better priced for bagels with just a basic spread- like cream cheese or peanut butter, while others would get the price break for bagels with, aka the breakfast sandwich.  Why else would a some bagel shops charge $1.50 for the bagel with spread, while the others go for $2.00 plus?  And still others charge $4.00 for a bagel with egg and cheese, while other do it for $2.00?Brueggers, as a chain, was blessed with the breakfast sandwich advantage, and they do it well.  Not only can you get an egg o'bagel for under $3.00, but you can also add spinach, mushrooms, and other fresh veggies to it for just a few shekels more.  This is not possible at your other corporate bagel stops.  If a bagel with a spread won't do, Bruegger's is a better bet.  Add to that the fact that this store is just a doorway away from a Carribou's Coffee and this is breakfast made in heaven.  Sadly, though, I am not alone in this assessment as both sides can be quite full on weekend mornings.  This even holds true for the outside patio tables during warmer weather, where people watching is at a premium.  Sadly this can making parking a challenge too, though CMC's lot next door has helped out.The other challenge is, as mentioned by others, cleanliness of the place.  Staff are apparently too busy serving new customers and ringing them up, as late mornings look something like a post-locust plague landscape in terms of trash and spills left along table tops.  A little gross, but easy to fix.Weekday mornings can be just as tricky with parking, but folks are so much sitting around and drinking in the morning.  Great deal on a baker's dozen bagels on Wednesdays, which always makes you popular back in the office.
3	The bagels are good - the line in the mornings can get a little long, especially when one person is running the register.  I wish they would not be so skimpy with the cream cheese.  Coffee is average.
3	For a quick bagel, it's a great option!While I have other preferences for bagels in this area of Charlotte, I must say that if you are grabbing a cup of coffee and a bagel, this is a great way to do it.  They are connected to the Caribou Coffee.  I don't know how that can't be a great thing!  Great coffee and quick good food!  I had an Everything bagel with light creme cheese and it was very good.  They also have plenty of lunch options as well should you in that mood!
4	I got to check out this place twice when I was visiting a buddy in Charlotte.  It is an awesome place for breakfast.  If people are whining about spending a few bucks on a bagel for breakfast, they need to make their own food.  A business has to make a profit.  There is a Caribou Coffee bar in the restaurant if you want something more than just a cup of a coffee from the Bruegger's side.  They make a great latte. I was boring and got the same thing twice, but it was well worth it.  I think it was the sun -dried tomato sandwich or something like that.  I put a bit of hot sauce on it and DAMN it was good!  If you want to try a good bagel sandwich, give this place a go!
