4	The Oregano's Gilbert is a brand new location. Great news for Oregano-lovers on this side of town. Great news for anyone looking for yummy pizza and pasta and a warm, friendly setting.Oregano's has a fun, retro look, and the patio dining is recommended except for the warmest months of the year. Their menu offers the typical choices: salads, breads, wings, pizza, pasta plus some original takes on traditional Italian dishes. The soups are definitely a cut above what most Itallian eateries offer -- wait, most DON'T offer. Try the Jumbo Gumbo or Itallin Wedding Soup, both are terrific.
4	We ordered take out from here on Sunday during the final stretch of my first trip to Arizona. I was in heaven! Excellent pizza, we had the pesto tomato, and the peperoni, sausage and mushroom. We also had the vino bambino salad which may have been the best thing I have ever tasted! I didn't order or pick it up so I can't say much about the service, but it was definitely some of the better pizza I have had!
4	I echo the previous reviewers - excellent pizza/salads/soups. Cute Americana ambiance. But also, there's BEER. We must not neglect to mention the opportunity to imbibe quality beers at this fine establishment! I savored a pint of Sierra Nevada while promptly finishing half a pie (it's thin crust, so I'm not as big a pig as I sound) and THAT is what pushes my lunches there from good to great!Hint: The wings are just okay, so save your belly real-estate for the pizza/beer!
2	Not feeling this place. I heard so much about their freaking pizza here, and I'm sorry but you need to try Zachary's (http://www.yelp.com/biz/zacharys-chicago-pizza-oakland#hrid:D4WR-ODCz7HzmFihXKblQg/query:zachary's) and see what good deep dish is.When I first walked in, EVERYONE said hello that worked there, which is fine I suppose, but its weird. Our waiter was helpful, but then later said it didn't matter how much I ate (after I said I was full), because I was just going to throw it all back up anyway. He apologized, but what the hell?The food was just ok. A lot of freaking cheese doesn't equal good pizza.
4	I love Oregano's! Plan for a wait though. My friend and I try and go on a fairly regular basis and we just plan to wait and have drinks so it's not really a big deal. We love the Pesto Pizza which is a thin crust, with duh... Pesto, tomato and cheese. It's rather simple but oh so yummy! Their whole wheat crust is yummy too. Their salads are huge so make sure to share and don't forget to order a pizookie. You won't be sorry! With 3 flavors to choose from and all three sampled the classic chocolate chip is by far the best! Deep dish pizzas take like 45 min to make so plan for that also. It's one of the reasons we always order a thin crust!
4	We walked in right at Noon on Halloween.... Waitress was dressed as a hippy...interesting to say the least.  Food was very good... HUGE HUGE HUGE portions!  Even the half salad was HUGE!
2	Most overrated place in Gilbert for 2008 goes to Oregano's. The pizza sucks. The pastas are great. Especially the 6 inch Ravioli. The hostess and wait staff have been sometimes rude and annoying. If you want pizza, go to Grimaldi's. Because this place is so overrated, there is always an ungodly wait to be seated. Don't even waste your time. There are better places.
4	Some places yell "Welcome to Cold Stone!!" at you every time you walk through the door (not to point fingers), and Jesus, can that grate on your nerves a little bit. At this joint, they must have mercifully suggested to employees to just be friendly. Walking through the restaurant for a little pre-meal recon, nearly everyone we passed said hey or asked how it was going, so you felt surrounded by really nice folks instead of obnoxious corporate drones. Hell of a first impression. It's a good thing too, because there's a sign just inside the door boldly proclaiming that some website poll rated them best in town in about 11 different categories like "pizza," "Italian," "worth the wait," and such, so the bar had been set pretty high.One good question is why more popular restaurants don't have a spot where you can comfortably spend the half-hour that you wait for a table getting shellacked on a patio? Good move, Oregano's. Bartenders were omnipresent and eager to please. $12 for a pitcher of Kiltlifter is just, and under $5 for a glass of wine is approaching dangerous. Prepare for challenges upon being seated as the menu is just about as gargantuan as the portions (and the portions are colossal). Pizza is the signature, and you have some options. Who outside of Illinois knew that there is a Chicago-style thin crust pie? The bane of lousy pizzerias is the inability to make a fully cooked thin crust without turning it into a cracker, but these guys pulled it off. Plus Poblano peppers added some welcome zest. It didn't live up to an 11-category sweep, but it was pretty good pie. If you have any calzone fans in attendance, the O-zone is crafted from a rolled-up 18" pie and it's pretty much otherworldly if you like stuffing pounds of cheese into your face. It's so thick that it takes 45 minutes to cook, but if you came to Oregano's, you probably weren't pressed for time to begin with, so whatever. We also dug into the Mexican-themed Pablo Picasso Salad which was literally enough food for three people. Normally, I could do without salad and especially one not shamelessly smothered in dressing, but this one actually has enough flavor on its own merits that it's not just a vessel for ranch. Capping off a totally gluttonous food orgy, the pizookie dessert was giant cookie half-baked in a little deep dish then covered in ice cream, which pretty much speaks for itself.All in all, Oregano's served up a fine meal experience. The service was more or less astounding, portions are enormous, prices aren't out of control, and the place had a pretty cool layout and vibe. Though better than just passable, the pizza didn't knock my socks off, but maybe that's what you get for foregoing deep dish at a Chicago pizzeria. So I'd look elsewhere if you're in a rush or on a diet, but otherwise it's certainly a worthwhile place at which to gorge yourself.
4	My boyfriend and I go here at least once a month. We love to sit at the bar because the wait here is always long and the bartenders are so friendly here. We stick to a basic thin crust pepperoni, which is always good, but I've also had the Lady is a Scampi pasta and that's pretty good too. My favorite part is the chocolate chip pizza cookie! Yummy. Great patio to have lunch or dinner and a beer on a nice day.
4	I can safely say that Oreganos has the best stuffed pizza in the state of Arizona. It takes about 45 minutes to bake, so on top of the general 20-60 minute wait for a table... just make sure you come on a night you have plenty of time and are in the mood for a good time. While you wait, there is a full bar with staff that will be happy to greet you and offer a drink. The location isn't huge, almost 40% of the seating is available on their patio (along with a second, much smaller, outdoor bar).
2	Went in on a Sunday afternoon and got a table right away, a nice change.  EXTREMELY frat/sorority atmosphere among the waitstaff, in that they spent a lot more time socializing with each other than dealing with patrons.  To put it bluntly, the service sucked.  Our waiter brought our drinks to us, took our order, then completely forgot about us.  When I went to find him he was deep in conversation with some dude at the bar.  Food was OK, but I would never waste my time here again and I would definitely not wait for an hour so that I could be shoved into a booth and forgotten.
4	Definitely go at an off-peak time to Oregano's (any location). My family never gets the thin crust pizza. It's not worth it. Go with anything else on the menu. The stuffed pizzas are delish as well as the pastas, salads, and sandwiches. I've been to six of the eight locations, and one thing puzzles me... why so small? They rebuilt a building for the Mesa location, but it's still a tiny restaurant! The Gilbert location luckily has a huge patio, and doesn't seem to get as much traffic as the other locations. The hour wait at Tempe or Old Town doesn't phase me in comparison to Pizzeria Bianco's standard 2.5 hour wait. But if you're getting a stuffed pizza, factor in that 45 minutes, it does add up.The portions here are HUGE. Try the Sproccoli stuffed pizza and while you're waiting, get a basket of the Italian Fried Potatoes to munch on... seriously some of the best waffle fries ever! I love both the Meatball and Italian Sausage sandwiches. Served up with fries, you'll get two meals out of a full size sandwich. Definitely get the Italian Sausage with peppers and onions. The pastas are so yummy too! I love Alfredo the Dark and the Big Rig Pasta. Get 'em with chicken and you won't be sorry. Don't expect fabulous service here. It's standard college-age with both the host/hostess and the wait staff. Look elsewhere for thin-crust pizza though, the dough doesn't hold up well to the sauce. Somehow, I don't think they bake it enough.Oregano's is great for a hearty meal at a decent price and it is kid-friendly (they bring out dough balls for the kids to play with and then they'll bake the creation up for them to nosh on!). Definitely check it out whenever you can!
5	Oregano's Pizza GilbertWhat can you say...best pizza joint in the city. You NEVER leave this place without a smile. They have all three of the essential triumvirate of a successful eating establishment - Great Fun Atmosphere, Awesome Food with Ample Selections,  & Nearly Perfect Service. My young daughter loves that they give her a glob of pizza doe to play with at the table. She made an octopus on this occasion. I have an Oregano's Beer Mug that I bring in for discounted draft refills. They have an awesome house draft beer which I can't recall the name of it - we'll call it Oregano Brew - anyhow it's a great beer. I love pizza but with some diet restrictions can't usually eat it. Wooohoo...they have thin crust WHOLE WHEAT crust...thanks Oregano's! We had it with pepperonis and their wonderful tasting sausage. I watched as my girls devoured the Oreganos PAZOOOOKIE dessert. If you haven't had this dessert then you just don't know...hands down the best dessert EVER! It's a 1/2 baked chocolate chip cookie in a skillet with homemade vanilla ice cream..wow! Zipps Sports Grill also serves a version of this dessert as well.Service was good besides a couple of waiter blunders. Managent was very friendly and accommodating. Manager Fran (male) is an awesome cat...so if you go ask for Fran and tell 'em Zenn sent ya!!!!
5	I have ate at the mesa, Tempe, Gilbert & Scottsdale locations. The mood is definitely better in the Tempe and Scottsdale locations. All have very upbeat and exceptionally friendly staff. You can't eat here without trying the pizookie ... The best by far!! No matter what location, be prepared to wait at least 30 mins and longer during popular dinner hours. Well worth your time!
5	I get a craving to come here about every other week.  Their food is consistently fantastic, even with their large, diverse menu.  The pizzas are fresh and unusual (Grandma G's Rosemary Chicken Potato ... potatoes?  On PIZZA?  Who would have guessed that would be so fantastic?).  The pasta is full of garlic and flavor.  The wings are crispy and perfect.  The sandwiches are huge and tasty.  I could go on.  I've never had anything there that wasn't terrific!Now, since the food is so good and the atmosphere so fun, and since everyone KNOWS that (due to reviews like the one you're reading now), be prepared to wait.  If you get there around 7:00 any given night, you should be prepared to wait about a half hour.  If you arrive at the same time on a weekend night, your wait could be over an hour.  Parking at the Tempe and Old Town Scottsdale locations is tight (as the Phoenix area tries to grow up and become a real city, this is inevitable, and will be more and more common), but it's better at the Mesa and Gilbert spots.  And since the food is fresh, you naturally have to wait longer for food that takes longer to prepare, such as the wings or the deep dish pizzas.Okay, you've been warned.  Believe me (and I'm one of Earth's least patient people), the wait will be worth it.
5	Yes its a chain but for the money, this place is one of the best chain restaurants if not the best I know of.  The wait staff is great and good looking and the food is awesome and priced well.
4	Great place to eat. You get an hour wait on weekdays. Great place to go for casual Italian food. Their pizzas are very unique. Atmosphere is great for Italian. I've enjoyed it the 2 out 3 times.
5	Great pizza and awesome must have guacamole pizza appitizer!!!!
4	Went there the other night with the EX, heard so much about the place from my daughter and from the crowd of people always waiting to get in so I thought I'd give it a shot. We didn't have to wait too long . I ordered a class of Merlot, it tasted old, sent it back and a new bottle was opened just for me. The appetitzers were fresh and delicious, just like I expected. The all you can eat pasta bowl ended after one serving for me ,it was huge, no complaints except the pasta was not cooked  aldente and it was luke warm, probably could have ate more if it was hot. The extra meat ball and sausage would have been better if simmered in the gravy (sauce) but I did not do the cooking. My ex's huge salad was full of prime steak and greens and she and I agreed (first time ever) that it was very flavorable. I finished it the next day for breakfast. Our waitress was fantastic,on the ball and very attentive. I will return again, order something different next time and probably have the ex with me (dutch of course).
4	Really? Who hasn't eaten at Oregano's? Consistently yummy--the meatballs are good (better out of the sub though), sandwiches are good, and the salads are delicious!The Vino Bambino (or something close to that) was super yummy! Chicken, pasta, beans, cilantro, cheese, maters, lettuce, and caesar dressing...Delish!My sweetie-pie even enjoys the Beefy Beefaroni (or something like that) salad. Definitely has a bit of kick to it, but still enjoyable!Only issues we had when we went last night was the number of "enjoy your meals". Holy crap! EVERY employee we walked by (at least 8-9 by the time we reached our table) told us to enjoy. Now, we're all for being friendly, but the line must be drawn!
4	This is the only restaurant in town that I've had to wait for a table.  That's not a bad thing, just an observation.A note on the food... I'd go with pizza over pasta here.  I've had both, but prefer the pizza.  Pizza comes in thin, stuffed, or thick (pan) crust.  However, if you want a LOT of pasta, order that because you won't be disappointed with the vast quantity of food that you get.  Try to save room for dessert.  The "original pizza cookie" is just like a pazookie from BJ's, but possibly bigger.A note on the service... If you order a dish that has a long prep time, they are good about letting you know ahead of time so that you're not wondering where your food is 45 minutes later.
1	The food is great, but order it to go! The restaurant experience sucks. Unless you are looking for a restaurant to spend about 3 hours at.The waitress forgot my kid's food, but still charged us for it. She also forgot my pizza cookie. Isn't that the reason I went there to begin with? After being there with 2 small children for over 2 hours it wasn't worth the wait! Never eating there again!
4	went with a group of about 10 for a birthday dinner.  We had to wait about 20 minutes for a table as they would not seat us before our entire party arrived and do not take reservations.  We sat outside which was a little chilly even with the heaters.  We ordered several appetizers including bread and toasted ravioli.  For my entree I ordered another appetizer, stuffed artichoke hearts.  I thought they were quite good.   They were breaded and deep fried which the menu didn't mention, but I didn't mind.  Everything tastes better battered and deep fried LOL.  For dessert, we shared several cookie pizzas.  My favorite is always the chocolate chip, but I also enjoyed a few delicious bites of peanut butter cookie.
4	Huge portions. I'm a big guy and I could only eat 1/2 tuna sandwich. Food was tast and service very friendly. Nice outdoor patio. Also try Liberty Market a block away
4	This place is my favorite spot. The atmoshere is awsome. Food is so delicous, its clean and the staff are very friendly. I recommend the cheesey garlic bread, pizza, wings and there is a good sandwhich but I don't remember the name. What i  remember best about this place is we ate outside and it was freezing. They of course had the heating lamps but they gave us blankets to use while we ate our dinner. I thought that was very cool. This place is always packed and they don't take reservations which sucks but would advise to go when its a time where people are at work so can get food faster and don't have to wait
5	Love, love, love Oregano's!!!  It's our go to place after a race, and today after the PF Chang's half marathon was no different.  We went at 2pm, and we had to WAIT!  Like, 15-20 minutes.  It was weird, but we saw a lot of fellow racers so that must be what it was.  The cheesy bread is delish, the pizza is delish, and the bellini's and pazookie's are out of this world!  And the service, wow, I have no idea how they get high school kids to act so friendly and nice!
1	Awful.  Pizza was disgusting (we ordered the thin crust.)  I've had better frozen pizza.  In fact, this might have been the worst pizza I have ever had the misfortune of having.  I can't imagine why people rave about this place, or why they actually wait for it.  I came here expecting the pizza to be amazing.  It was, just not in a positive way.  Never again.  What a mistake.
5	I love these kind of places! Lots of personality, a large menu (literally!), and great food. I hear they usually have long waits, but our wait didn't seem too bad since some others in the group came earlier. A couple friends and I shared the stuffed 'shrooms which had great big flavor. They are not the normal small mushrooms that have a few things stuffed inside. These are large mushrooms with lots of ground beef (I think?), basil, cheese, and tomatoes. We also shared a large salad... I forgot what it's called, but it had chicken, cilantro, tomatoes, olives, artichoke hearts (I think?), tossed or served with a light caesar dressing. The salad was huge, even for 3 girls, and we had a pretty decent amount leftover. Lastly, we had the pazookie wannabe. The cookie was slightly undercooked, but it made of a nice ooey-gooey sweet dessert! :) I was told service is usually not that great at Oregano's, but everything seemed to line up fine that night. Things went well and our server was pretty good! Soo, this place gets an A!
4	Huge Menu, Friendly People, Good Food.  I really like oregano's for their wide selection.  I took my date here in lieu of cooking (unfortunate bill issues left me with no gas for a few days) and she ordered the ravioli and I got the BBQ chicken thin crust pizza.  It was really flavorful and I enjoyed it.  The only downside (which cost them that fabled 5 stars) was the fact that it is strictly call ahead seating.  This place gets BUSY... and when it gets busy the wait can be pretty bad because all of their food is made from scratch (you can taste it).  Other than that... fantastic meal and get the desert cookie thing they have.  SOOO Good!
4	Oregano's is a favorite of anyone I take there. And, I think it's the only place where I would actually order a salad. (The Vino Bambino? is awesome!).I'm a guy, but was talked into having one of their bellinis(sp). If it's a girl's drink, it's quite a potent one. And the pizza is wonderful. We've tried most of them.You have to sit outside to get the whole experience. I don't think I would ever sit indoors.
4	Enjoyed the weather outside today and sat outside on the fake grass patio for lunch. I ordered the Oreganos fav Jr salad and the sausage pesto pizza, I did however manage to convince myself that I was too fat for a pizzookie(though I don't recommend you talk yourself out of it...I've been regretting since I left!)The salad was amazing like always. This particular pizza I tried for the first time! I loved the sausage, very full of flavor but could have had a few more on it. The tomatoes were good as well. But the pesto sauce...kind of lacking. Not too flavorful, couldn't really tell it was there. But I am never disappointed by the tomato sauce pizzas...do try. This location is great to visit because they are usually not "as" busy as the other locations.
4	Food is 5 stars, but the automatic wait for a table is not for the weak. The staff will have your back to cover thr HUGE menu.  Start your meal with some toasted ravioli and golden BBQ wings. Order your deep dish at the same time and it will be ready by time you are done with the apps. Make sure to order a Bellini and a pizza cookie too!
5	Went ther for the first time with my daughter last week. When we got our pizza there was a mistake with the topping on half of it. The manager IMMEDIATELY made a seperate pizza with the correct toppings and at no charge. He apologized and I tld him it was no problem. Greta pizza and outstanding customer service, thanks!
4	Artichoke dip was greatPizza was really on par with what I've had in Chicago!  Great flavor, crust not soggy, full of toppingsLong wait, but given the options in the area, understandable.  At least they come around to bring you some pizza samples while you wait!
3	I love their pizzas, super thin crust, huge beers including a selection from our local brewer Four Peaks.  And the people are great, waitress was really friendly, they had a cooler outside for when we were waiting and came around with drinks and free pizza samples.BUT two hours in and out is just too long.  We went on a Friday night and called ahead but they said they don't take reservations.  Arrived at 5 pm, was seated around 6 pm.  Like I said, they take care of you while you are waiting and we were hanging out with friends socializing.  But then we ordered a Pizza and Calzone and it took another 40 minutes for the food to arrive.So I give Oregano's 4 stars at other locations I have been to (Mesa, Scottsdale) but this location loses a star for the length of the wait.
4	Gooood pizza, not crazy about the pasta is was a bit on the dry side, but gooood pizza. My husband and I always order one each so we can take home for the next day. The thin crust is our favorite, I love the Lawrence Original but avoid getting the wheat crust. I tried it one time for the heck of it and it really threw the taste off, I kinda regretted ordering it. If you're in the mood for appetizers, try the cheesey garlic bread, it's huge and comes with maranara sauce or  try the calamari is excellent, we really enjoyed that one. They have good beer, a lenghty list of wines. If you rather avoid the the wait, I suggest going on a weeknight, and even then we typically wait about 20 to 30 minutes, but it beats almost an hour on the weekends.
4	yum yum yum. I love Oregano's Pizza! I've always loved Oregano's... but especially the last time I went. There was a long line outside and the wait for us was 30-45mins, which I thought I was going to dread...but the servers were really nice. We were able to order drinks in the waiting area and they even came by us several times to give out pizza samples.
5	Good service, awesome food, great atmosphere. This is our new favorite Italian restaurant
5	AMAZING every single time I go!  Here are a few of my favorite things about Oregano's:1. Their bellinis are delicious!2. The cheese garlic bread with marinara sauce is the best appetizer ever.  The bread is so long, it extends over both ends of the basket.3. Their Julius Caesar's salad with chicken is the best chicken caesar salad I've ever had.  The "junior" size is huge, and it's not like your average chicken caesar salad, where you get a few pieces of chicken on top.  Every bite is laden with delicious, juicy chicken that's been seasoned to perfection.4.  All of their thin crust pizzas are great!  (Order with extra sauce!)5.  They give kids a mini pizza tin and ball of dough so they can "make" their pizza while they wait.  Such a cute idea!6.  For dessert, I highly recommend the "pizzookie" in any flavor.  (Tip: you can order half one flavor and half another flavor!)We usually end up with plenty of leftovers, so make sure you come hungry!
5	We had another great visit at Oregano's!  Yes, there is usually a wait but we don't mind.  We put in our order for the deep dish pizza, grab a couple drinks, and enjoy ourselves.  The service, specifically the servers, are top notch.  Every single one I've come in contact with is friendly and outgoing, and it really makes a positive impression on us.Hope to be back soon for a pizzookie!!
4	I thought we were in the middle of a recession??  Obviously people still need their deep dish pizza regardless of whether they have money or not.  This place is so good I can see how you would go into debt to pay for your pie!  We got their early....about 5:00 on a Saturday.  Clearly not early enough.  The wait was still about 45 minutes.  Once seated, we ordered some appetizers and "thin" crust, which come out fairly quick.  The deep dish takes about 45 minutes, so be prepared..  It is worth the wait.  The crust is flakey and buttery fresh.  Sauce is excellent and toppings are abundant.  I haven't experienced all the best pizza places in PHX yet, but this has got to be in the top 10.
4	Oregano's never disappoints! Great service and amazing food as usual! I'm vegetarian and but can appreciate very good Italian food! My fave dishes are the Bruschetta, Veggie Wedgie sandwich and the O-Riva pizza. They have fairly nice patio seating which I appreciate as well! If you've never experienced Oregano's I suggest you get your butt over there asap! (Wishing they had better drink specials though)
3	I love Oregano's! The only reason I gave it a 3 is because it's always super packed and I get annoyed at waiting for so long for everything. I know that's not 100% their fault, but still. You have to get the pazookie if you go here. My favorite dish is Alfredo the dark w/ chicken. Yum! Definitely a favorite if we bring in guests from out of state.
5	My most recent visit here was quickly headed into the 2-3 star category, but thankfully turned into a positive one.  The restaurant was only half full, and granted we had a party of 12 show up at 7pm on a Monday night, they told us it would be 45-50 minutes of waiting for a table.  We even offered to be split into two adjacent tables, and still, the hostess was convinced it would still take nearly an hour.So, we contemplated getting takeout, and were about ready to order when miraculously *poof* a table opened up.  The service was excellent, and the Big Beef Sandwich was great!  Good food, decent atmosphere, although the "Legalize Marinara" T-shirts are a little over the top, especially in a heavy conservative part of town.Anyway, I'll be back.  The unique and tasty dishes will ensure that.
5	This is my favorite restaurant.  When we visit AZ, I will go back for another visit.
4	I love Oregano's! The only reason I gave it a 4 is because it's always super packed and I get annoyed at waiting for so long for everything. I know that's not 100% their fault, but still. You have to get the pizza cookie if you go here. Definitely a favorite if we bring in guests from out of state.
5	This rating is posted to the Gilbert location, since it is closest to my house. However......this rating can apply to the Scottsdale, and Tempe locations as well. The atmosphere: fun, relaxed, pleasant. The food: Oh. My. Gosh. This stuff is good!!! Some of my favorites are: the anti-pasta salad. Junior size. It is a monster, you can share and still be full. Always fresh, full of roasted red peppers, meats, cheeses and flavor! A sausage pizza. Nothing fancy, but fabulous. My husband is not a fan of thin crust pizza. But this is one he will order over and over. Alfredo After Dark, with chicken. WOW! I will call this Macaroni and Cheese on steroids!!! This has so many flavors. A slight jalapeno flavor. A tad spicy, mostly flavor. The sauce, a great Alfredo. Creamy, smooth and full of flavors. The chicken is sliced thin and is moist. The pasta is cooked to a perfect texture. Order this with the intention of sharing, or having leftovers. Delicious! The toasted Italian Sausage sub. YUM! The bread makes this sandwich. Crispy on the outside, and super soft of the inside. The sausage is a bit spicy, but again, flavor! The bruschetta. Enough said. The pizza cookie, or Pizookie (piz-uk-ee). My favorite is the chocolate chip flavor. A must share! The service: I am convinced that everyone here loves their job. Always helpful and prompt. (on occasion the hostesses seem a tad out of touch with the customer). Make some time to go by and try them out. It will be worth your effort.
5	This review corresponds to my first Check-In to Oregano's. Outside of the wait times, I've not had a bad experience @ Oreganos. The food was good, the people were friendly and I had a good time. This visit was no exception. Even when my wife got meat in her minestrone soup, the situation was handled impressively well. I've known for years that my wife is a VERY picky eater when dining out, she left all smiles and so did I.It's one of few places I go to with "stuff" on the walls that I don't find obnoxious.  Keep up the good work.
4	After hearing all great things about Oregano's I tried it out a few days ago.  The Chicago Pan pizza is a good price for what you get.  One or two slices is enough to fill you.Their Jalapenos are RED which make it hard to decipher between the big chunks of tomatoes that come on the pizza.  So warning if you are trying to split a pizza and someone doesn't like spicy.Skip their 7 zins wine if you are driving.  I had only one sip to sample it and I smelled like I polished off a bottle.  Go for their pizza cookie instead of their new item of fried dough, its not as tasty as they make it out to be.  The pizza cookie is a cookie the shape of a pizza for those of you who have never had one, its good.  The best part about Oregano's is that they DON'T sing for you for your birthday.  Other places its annoying and gives me a head ache!  So go and enjoy a scream-free eventing.
5	Wow! this is the place for terrific Pizza! The thin crust is the bomb and I love all the ingredients. My wife likes the hot pasta with shrimp. So much food though you can split any dish easily. This is one of my favorite spots to eat in Gilbert!
5	Gotta love the Pizzookie and the Dirty Monkey!! So worth the wait!! Legalize Marinara!!
4	"To Each His Own"KickBUTT Garlic Bread: 4 out of 5.Criss-Cut Fries: 5 out of 5. (Not on the Menu)Italian Flag Lasagna: 5 out of 5.Big 'Ol Ravioli: 1 out of 5.Thin Crust Pizza (Pepperoni, Mushrooms, Bacon, Sausage): 3 out of 5.
5	Love. Love. Love this place everytime I am in AZ it is a must. Great food and service.  The wings and pizza are amAZing...from thin crust to deep dish. Go early.
2	Keep in mind that I am not one of those people that goes crazy for pizza. I rarely crave it I think because I rarely have a pizza that is worth praise and worth craving. That was the case until I tried Gilbert Pizza yesterday (see my review). I had Oregano's last week and it sucks for them that I am writing this review right now because I am comparing them up against what a pizza and garlic bread should be. Granted, these places don't quite compare at this point because I have yet to order a traditional normal pizza from Oregano's. However, I can say that everything I have ordered during the two times I have gone to Oregano's has been subpar. The first time, I believe I ordered the tuna sammich with sweet potato fries. The bread was crazy crusty and not hot and fresh which was a big downfall for the sammich. I am a huge sweet potato fries fan and Oregano's does not make the cut for that. The other night when me and a few girlfriends came here, we ordered the garlic bread and the picazzo pizza. I had the Dirty monkey cocktail and it was ok. The garlic bread was ok but a little too cheesy tasting for me. I love cheese, don't get me wrong, but there was something not so great about the cheese on this. The marinara served alongside was good though, I will give them that. The pizza was not very good. It was kinda a southwest pizza with chicken, cheese, white sauce I think, tortilla strips, peppers, and I don't know what else. I thought it was meh and then I tried it with the southwest ranch my friend was hiding from us. It still didn't taste like anything special. I don't get it, every time I have passed by this place, there is always a huge wait. So far everything I have had there has been mediocre at best. Ive heard time and time again that the pizookie is to die for but why would I go there and wait for 2 hours for something that could easily be made at home? I will say this though, after tasting their marinara, I still feel that I need to try a normal pizza here to give it a final rating and determine whether this place is a no go in my book. Also tempted to try a pasta... After all, with the hype this place gets, maybe there is something I am missing....
4	Thought I we were going to have our first "negative" experience here.  Odd as they have been consistent at the sun coming up each day.  Our order took forever and a day.  Turns out the waiter had a minor medical challenge and our order got pushed back.They were very, very apologetic and covered the entire meal.  We love their thin crust pizzas, the attentive service and overrall festive atmosphere.  We will be back again and again.
4	We have been here more than a couple of times, actually we were making it a Friday must for a while. Food is always good, from sandwiches to Lasagna. Wait on a Friday after 5pm is at the least an hour. Only complaint is that recently there has been a lot of new waiters/waitress's that aren't  as knowledgeable about the menu as we are...not a good sign!
4	This place is legit. If you aren't familiar with Oregano's, than you're wrong and you need to quickly make yourself familiar. The buttery flaky crust, the fresh ingredients and the atmosphere make for a great night out with the lady.I recommend the Aunt Shirley's Gorgonzola Sausage pizza. It's got plenty of meat and cheese with just a hint of heat. One of my fav's...
4	Very yummy!! Their garlic cheese bread is awesome. I love their criss cut fries. And they seriously have the BEST beef sandwich ever. I know you wouldn't think so at a pizza/italian place but it's huge and awesome! Lots of cheese and meat and really good bread. Of course the staff is the nicest and most attentive. They are just super happy at that restaurant all the time. It must be a fun place to work at :)
3	For years I had wanted to try this chain but never wanted to wait.  After finally going I really don't understand why the big fuss.  The food is decent, sure.  But after waiting 30+ minutes for a table, to be told anything signature (like deep dish pies, lasagna, etc) are an additional 45 minute wait after ordering it can be frustrating to say the least.  We weren't able to decide on a pie for the two of us so he got some lasagna that was way too meaty and I opted for a thin crust pizza.  I like the ball of dough they give to the kids to keep them busy, but of course with the wait for the food this is a necessity and not a luxury.  The service itself is top notch.  I have no qualms about that part of the meal.  Attentive and helpful from the wait staff to management.  In fact, we filled out the the comment card expressing our disappointment and barely made it out the door before the manager caught up with us and wanted to discuss our meal.  He gave us a gift card because he wanted us to try it a second time.  We later used the gift card for to-go orders.  Had a couple salads (one was the beefstro) which still didn't really impress.  Will I ever try again?  Sure, but as a couple or with another couple with the expectation that dinner will last a minimum of two hours.  However, will this be a regular destination?  Probably not.
5	I have been to this Oregano's a bunch of times now and love the food... You will want to come early for dinner it's always really busy... The staff is always friendly and will seat you as fast as they can... I always order something that's not on the menu the Mild and Gold wings they are the best wings I have had in Arizona it's the mild sauce mixed with the Italian gold sauce so good... Next on to the salad The Antipasto Thing  (Salami, pepperoni, capicolla, Romaine lettuce, artichoke hearts, tomatoes, red peppers, red onions, topped with Italian cheeses and tossed with Italian dressing.) This is the best Antipasto I have had in Arizona now for the pizza... Aunt Margherita Pizza (Light and flaky dough, add pizza sauce, a four cheese Italian blend, fresh cut Roma tomatoes, fresh sliced basil.) After all this food if you still have room what I do is get The Original Pizza Cookie to go ( A 1/2 pound of Chocolate Chip, White Chocolate Macadamia Nut, or Peanut Butter Chocolate cookie dough, slightly baked in a 6-inch pizza pan then topped with 3 scoops of vanilla bean ice cream.  If you're looking for a great dinner this is one place you need to add to your list.
5	This is definitely our family's favorite. We ALWAYS take our out of town guests here and they LOVE it!!  Fabulous friendly staff, excellent food, awesome atmosphere!!  Here's a hint for you....if you want their deep dish pizza which is DELICIOUS, order it as soon as you put your name in to be seated!!  The deep dish takes about 45 mins but is sooo worth it!!  The Vino Bam Bino is the bomb!!!  Get the junior size unless you plan on sharing. Finally, finish it off with their famous pizza cookie!!!  A must!!!  The ONLY change I would like to see is a few more items on the kids menu. Right now the only offerings include pizza by the slice and a bowl of pasta. My kids would love a grilled cheese, chicken tenders or even a pb&j. We dine at oreganos at least twice a week so the kids get pretty tired of the 2 choices. Anyway, we still LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!!
4	We love Oregano's! The kids are entertained with the raw pizza dough that they can shape and play with until the food arrives. I LOVE LOVE LOVE the calamari strips - they are my favorite items and I could just eat these and ignore the amazing pizza and pasta dishes. But alas I have to share and so still have room for the pizza - all of the pizza is great but I really enjoyed the customizable options and I loaded my thin crust up with sun dried tomatoes, black olives, onions, and peppers. My hubby had the thick crust pepperoni which he shared with the kids. We also had the garlic bread which was so yummy too! And last but certainly not least is the Pizza Cookie imagine a thick fresh baked cookie topped with rich melting vaniall ice cream - pure heaven!Strongly recommend hitting this place up at least once, the long lines, which you will see every night of the week can attest to the delicious food that this restaurant puts out.
5	What's not to like about this place?  This is always a favorite of our family to go to when celebrating a special occasion.  We haven't had a bad meal, or drink, here yet.First off, you have to try their house margarita.  There are unique (a splash of beer is added at the end when they make it), potent, and very good.The Big Beefstro Salad is a great start to a meal.  Tender slices of warm beef mixed in with greens, diced jalapenos, cheese, caramelized onions, and dressing makes this a great salad with a little heat.To my surprise, the wings were really good.  All of the wings were drummies.  They were deep fried and very meaty.  All of them had a nice crisp to them.  I got the Italian Gold ones.  It is a honey mustard, BBQ sauce.  Besides BBQ, this my second favorite wing sauce now.  The Chicago-style pizza is also a must have.  Make sure you order it in the beginning because it takes time for it to cook.  But the time to cook it is all worthwhile in the end.  It's the best Chicago deep-dish style pizza I have had in the Phoenix area.Lastly, you can't go wrong with the pizza cookie for dessert.  The cookie dough is gooey and warm.  The cold of the ice cream compliments it perfectly.  A must have.Combine all of these with pleasant servers in a great setting and you have a great place to unwind after a long week or to celebrate something special.
4	Oh Yeah!!! Oregano's is great. The Pizza is the best and thin crust is always a good choice. Their pastas are good too. If you are there on a weekend night, be prepared to wait. It fills up quick.
5	I love Oregano's.  The food is awesome.  But sometimes the locations are a little "iffy."With that, I give my review of my favorite location, Gilbert.  I've been to the ones in Chandler, both Scottsdale locations, Tempe...but by far Gilbert is my favorite locale.Started off with Calamari. I love that Oregano's has their calamari cut into french fry style wedges, and not the rings and tentacles that most places have.  The dipping marinara sauce needs a little work though.Then went on to order the Vino Bambino split 4 ways for a dinner salad. To think that this was once taken off the menu? Seriously?  It's so good, once it hits the lips.  Split a Big Rig and a 'The Lady Is a Scampi.' The size of the shrimp on the LIAS were unbelievable! Could have swore they put Lobster in the dish instead of shrimp.  Didn't have room for dessert, and I don't really indulge on sweets as it is (I have a rep and a girlish figure to protect), but I hear rave reviews about them. All in all, good eats in a great atmosphere, with a very friendly and knowledgeable staff.
5	Every time I've ever eaten here it's been an extreme pleasure. I would come for the thin crust pizza alone, which is by far the best in the valley, even if it meant having to deal with average service. But that is not the case. Always sincere and friendly service from the bartenders, waitstaff and hostesses. I've never seen anyone in a bad mood, and I've eaten at almost every location.The pizza, as always, was outstanding- no, orgasmic. Perfectly crispy crust throughout, complex flavor to the dough, ample zesty red sauce, and the sun-dried tomatoes are delicious. Great touch also with coming around with real, fresh grated Parmesan cheese. Bravo!My only complaint is that you need to bring back Sierra Nevada on tap.
5	I love this place. I think the Pan pizzas are the best pizzas there. Fun atmosphere. Fun staff. Everyone is extremely helpful and bring to life the joy of eating out.
5	I'm a regular for their meatball subs with sweet potato fries and aioli. So much so I'm beginning to look like a meatball! I wish the kids meal was a little more extensive. They do give the kids dough to play with and they'll bake it for them too. Picky as my husband is, he didn't like the pizza, which I know is sacrilege for some, but he's a pizza snob. He does like the Italian sub and said the Italian sausage was "wonderful" a little sweet and a little spicy, made fresh daily. If it can please that persnickety guy who eats sausage a minimum of once a week, must be good. So, a little something for everyone. Tip: order the junior size, neither of us has ever been able to even finish that! And the salads I've seen could feed four. Enjoy!
1	30 minute wait for a table to order mediocre pizza. Not worth the wait or money.
1	Alright, this is the last time I am gonna give this place a chance. I have attempted to try every type of food they have here to see exactly what the hype is all about and why Oregano's is always at least a 30 min wait to be seated. This last time I went, I vowed to order one of the salads and their traditional pepperoni pizza because these are the items I have heard so much about from other people. I tasted some of the Picasso salad and a regular garden salad. Yes both were large, but all that came to mind while eating them was "meh." The ranch dressing that came with my garden salad tasted straight out of the bottle and the Picasso salad was nothing impressive. I swear there was more tortilla strips in that salad then lettuce. Don't get me wrong, I love tortilla strips, but they are supposed to accent the salad, not act as the entire salad! Now on to the pizza... I had tried their Picasso pizza before and was not impressed. I figured I ordered wrong so I decided to get a simple slice of pepperoni pizza this time around. Nothing impressive to be honest. Too much cheese that was melted but not gooey almost like it had been sitting, the marinara sauce was nothing special and it really didn't have any flavor, and the thin crust was almost non existent. It tasted like I was eating just a big blob of cheese! Plus, there was a small hair on it. Oh and I didn't even mention that for 2 salads, and 2 lunch special pizza slices, we waited about 45 minutes? I just don't get what the hype is about with this place. Maybe people in AZ don't know good pizza? If ya want good pizza, head to Nello's or Sal's Gilbert Pizza. Skip Oregano's. Unless your taste-buds are severely lacking, you are in for a letdown.
4	First of all, this place stays open late. Which is great. We went there one night at about 9 or later and every other restaurant was closed. Their sign said they were closing, but they brought us in and people still kept rolling in way past 10 pm. Thanks for that guys! we need somewhere to go to in Gilbert at that time. This is what I hate about the suburbs, everything closes so early.The food is ok, Italian, but the servings are HUGE. Service is fantastic and very friendly. We will definitely go there again and again.I forgot to add, the courtyard is so BEAUTIFUL. I just love to go and sit there and have a drink.
5	It's really hard to beat the food quality, service, and value you get at Oregano's. Susan and I patronized the Flagstaff location weekly for years and now we are fortunate enough to live in Gilbert and have the Gilbert restaurant to visit. A little wait sometimes is part of the experience that makes it worth while... you wouldn't be waiting if it wasn't good. The salads are probably our favorites. Always enough for two people to share. Try the Italian Wedding Soup... supurb!Good job Oregano's!
5	I love this place the food is always good and the pastas are plenty and full of meat, i alwyas will go there.
5	I absolutely adore Oreganos.  Their pizza is so yummy.  My family usually gets the meatball pizza.  I love the thin crust.  We tried the whole wheat crust a couple of times but this type usually gets burnt.  Their salads are amazing.  Their staff is always super friendly and nice.  It is usually too busy and crowded for my liking but I know the reason is because this place is fantastic.  My boyfriend came in from England and stated this is easily the best pizza he has had (and the Caesar salad was the best too).  The atmosphere is neat but reminds me of a lot of places...  The birthday pizza cookie is perfection.  If you haven't been here yet-- what are you waiting for?? This place is awesome. :)
5	We love this place! It is ALWAYS crowded for dinner - I don't care what night it is, so show up early unless you want to wait. The portions are huge, but don't let that keep you from adding meatballs to your Bolla Pasta because you can always take the leftovers home! The pizza is top notch too. My mouth is watering as I write this review... Oh, and the lasagna? Well worth the wait - just like the stuffed pizza!
5	So I had heard of Oregano's before, and know it's a smaller chain in the valley. That said, when told we would be going here I wasn't suuuper excited. I'd never been to one, but had heard they were a pretty good place for Italian. We went to this location because it was on the way home from the aeropuerto. As we drove up, I didn't even recognize it as being a chain-type place because it looked unique. It was jammin inside, so we ended up grabbing bar seats and ordering an appetizer to kill time and hunger. Once we made it to our table, we each got a different pasta dish and shared a little to sample other plates. I had the baked ziti, which was amazing. The 2 other dishes I sampled were great too! Great dishes, and nice, large portions...which creates more meals for the next day. Service was great at both the bar and our table. I loved this location (felt like a mom & pop place), and it even has a good size outdoor patio w/ heat lamps. I'm a fan!
4	Great pizza place. Love sitting out on the patio and having a cold beer and pizza. I've gone a few times and I personally say stick with their pizza. Had a seafood pasta and was a little rubbery.  Overall that was ok but seemed just a little overcooked.  Pizza is their strength.
4	There's plenty of reasons to check out Oreganos. 1. Free cheesy-bread while you are waiting 2. One of a kind Crispy thin crust pizza with amazing toppings3. Decent drink menu (beer and liquor)4. The original pazookis! (I heard from a friend this is where it originated, not rock bottom) - it's basically a fresh baked cooked topped with ice cream5. Free mint and fortune cookiesThis place is definitely worth checking out.
1	Sorry for the wrong post in Mesa Az. I went to this Oregano's in Gilbert  Az and it was really aweful. My husband ordered a Jr. Sandwich and it didn't even have any sauces of any kind on it. He asked for some mayonnaise and mustard and it took them 20 minutes to bring it out. Then I ordered a Penne Pesto dish and boy did I make a huge mistake. We spent over $50 and I will never go back there again when I visit Gilbert, Az. I live in California and was visiting some friends in Mesa and they took us there.  That was money spend that I was not satified with I gave them a 1 star because I cannot give them no stars at all.....If possible I would not of given them any stars at all.......
3	The wait is usually long if you are going anytime around mealtime.  Not an issue if you don't have kids to entertain.  But we do.The waitresses could use more clothing.  I suppose their kind of attire is better for the Tempe location next to ASU, but I really don't need my kids seeing your rack and booty hanging out.  This isn't supposed to be Hooters.Also, the food is very, very salty.  The last couple of times we had pizza and soup and it was hard to eat because of so much salt.  We won't be going back.
5	Theres 2 things i don't like about this restaurant. 1) Waited 57 minutes just to get to my table. 2) The shirts that say "Legalize Marinara".But there are many things that out number those 2 things. The servers are nice and friendly, but when they are busy it seems like they rush. The garlic bread is amazing!!! Maybe the best garlic bread I ever ate. The lasagna was pretty good, but you have to wait 1/2 an hour to get it. The all you can eat pasta bowl was good, like always, and if you can't eat a second bowl you can just bring it home free of charge! The meatball sub was HUGE, my dad could only eat 1/2 the sub! But what kind of trip is it if you don't get the pizza cookie? The pizza cookie is the best dessert ever!!! Words can't describe how good this restaurant is.
5	I've been going to Oregano's for years. It has always been fantastic. The wait can get ridiculous at times so I plan accordingly. But the last time I went it was less than stellar. To avoid the wait for a table (it was rainy and cold this day otherwise we would have taken the faster option of getting seated with first available) we chose to sit at the bar and eat. The waiter took the order of the couple sitting next to us and then took ours immediately after. Our neighbors received their order in the expected amount of time, however, our order did not come out until our neighbors had eaten and paid. This was a bit annoying since we were quite hungry and the orders were taken at the same time. They ordered a large pizza and salads. We ordered a small pizza and a order of wings (their wings are terrific fyi). So I didn't see what the hold up was. When we finally received our order I was not at all satisfied with the pizza. It didn't have the same crispy, delicious crust I was used to, but I am not the type to complain about the food unless there is something seriously wrong. So I just dealt with it. I went to the lady's room to sufficiently clean up the wing sauce and when I got back I overheard the waiter/bartender and my boyfriend talking. He asked how everything was and my boyfriend said the pizza was ok but the wings were great. The waiter left and we were visited by whom I think is the manager. She was an older lady and looked in charge anyway. She came, made some small talk and laughed with us for a moment, and then asked us about our experience. She heard our pizza was only "ok" and wanted to know what it was that only made it "ok." So I explained to her and she took what I said seriously. She also took the price of the pizza off the check which was not necessary at all. Although it had been a less than stellar visit to Oregano's I knew that I would be back again because all the other times I've been there have been wonderful. I was completely delighted with this experience because they really showed that they care about what their customers think and they care about their experience with them. I recommend checking it out! Also, do not pass up the pizzookie (pizza cookie), it is to DIE for! yummmmm!
4	5 STARS FOR THE HALFBAKED COOKIE AND ICECREAM DESSERT!I know it's all about the pizza here, but honestly I can barely remember it after finishing with that halfbaked wonderfulness.If you get it, SHARE it and definitely go half and half.  Half chocolate chip and half white chocolate macadamia nut cookies.That being said.We ordered the stuffed deep dish Numero-One-O pizza, and honestly although it was good, it was just TOO MUCH CHEESE.Once you slice into it, it BLEEDS CHEESE.Sorry to be gross, but the cheese was literally pouring over the side of the pizza tray.I couldn't even get more than one slice down and I am a pizza eater.  Seriously.  I've won contests.I will go for the thin crust pizzas next time and leave the massive stuffed pies for those who like their cheese through a straw.Overall, great experience.  Our server was friendly and put up with my silliness and jokes and even threw in a few herself.We had drinks and wings to start with, so we didn't mind waiting the 45 minutes for the stuffed madness, and the whole evening was just as merry as could be.But, I seriously think the cheese factor needs to be disclosed before allowing someone to order the stuffed pie.Definitely will be back!
4	I had Oregano's for lunch Saturday, by myself, at the bar. :( Whoa is me!! Just kidding. Had an hour to kill so I stopped by here to grab a VINO BAMBINO, yo!! The best thing on their menu in my opinion. Really though, I've had just about everything on their menu and I always get the Vino Bambino. (Or the Pablo Picasso). These salads rule. Split one with your friend or just get the large all by itself. You won't be sorry. Oh and happy birthday to the bartender who was tending Saturday morning 4-14-2012. I love the view in this place. I want to marry every female server in the joint!!
5	Salad was AMAZING! Halfbaked cookie and ice cream was to die for! Waiter was cute! 5 stars.
5	Great food, great atmosphere, and great service!
5	Visted 5/6/12...I have been to Oregano's many times.  Another one of those places that I just never got around to writing about I guess. My favorite is the Chicken Pesto Pizza.  That is my regular when I go here.  But there are many food options. There are several across the valley and I have been to many.  I have not had a bad experience at any of them.  They tend to be very busy, so be prepard to wait 15-20 to get a table.  We were there about 4:30 on Sunday and there was already the beginning of a line. This time, had an exceptional experience.  We had finished an order of the Stuffed Mushrooms, huge portabellos with sausage, a side salad, and were almost half way through our pizze (Chicken Pesto of course) when the manager brought out a second pizza.  He told us that when he walked by, he did not like how our first one looked, so he made us a second one.  I never noticed a problem with the first.  Bonus leftover food as a result.  Nice to know there is some quality control behind the scenes. Oregano's will always be a go to place for me.
1	Let me preface this by saying the Pizza and service are spectacular, five stars for those!  Why am I writing this and only giving one star? For stupidity!If the manager gave us a reasonable explanation then you wouldn't see this.My mother ordered two shots of vodka on the rocks.  She requested two olives in it... Not an unreasonable request.  The bartender came over to the table and said "we don't have whole olives, will sliced be ok?"  Huh? A bar without whole olives? Perhaps they ran out?  Ok sure my mother said she would try sliced.Presentation of the drink sucked...it came in a pint glass with the ice way above the vodka, no stir stick, and the olives? Were in a rocks glass, they weren't even queen olives, they were small sliced olives like you get on a pizza.  But I am not writing about the presentation of the drink.We got the bill for our drinks, 2-16 inch pizzas, a 12 inch pizza a Pazookie and...here it comes 2 olives!  No shit! They charged us for condiments!  We had to ask why, as we have never been charged for having a lime in a beer, or 5 cherries in my daughters Shirley Temples, or olives anywhere in the world! The bartender never mentioned and extra charge for sliced olives. $0.39 each!Now $6 a shot for vodka not unreasonable, even for rail! I am not upset about the $12 drink. The slap in the face is the charge for olives, that were not even whole!  So the manager (Carrie?) comes over and gives us some BS story that other places have figured the cost of the olives into their drink prices so that is why we have never ever seen this before anywhere in the world.  Hmmmm, how do those places know how many olives we are going to ask for? Or limes, or oranges or cherries.  You know I used three squirts of soap and three squares of hand towels when I used their restroom did I go over my limit on those? Think I should go back and have them add it to the bill? I am only writing this because I was not satisfied with the reason given to me by the manager.  My mother ordered a $12 rail drink (not call) and had to pay for condiments. STUPID!Dear Mark Russell,You have awesome people, great food, and service, however you need not charge for olives in drinks... Kind of stupid. Right?
4	Pizza is fantastic along with the Alfredo the Dark, pizza cookie, and Bellini drink.  I do not like the sandwhiches because the bread they use is soooo hard.  Last time I had to ask for a sharper knife to cut the bread and my server told me they don't have any sharp knives.  The wait on weekend evenings is at minimum an hour usually.  At my last visit, we waited an hour for an inside table in the "to go" house.  Another couple walked in from the parking lot and asked the server if they could have the table next to us.  Server replied "well, it's for people who are waiting, but go ahead and sit down I won't tell."  I was really disappointed to see that considering I waited my turn.
4	My husband and I go to Oregano's all the time! We love the place! We tend to order either the meatball or Italian sandwich, thin crust pizza (because it doesnt take 45 minutes to make), gold wings, or the vino bambino salad. (just depending on our mood) The biggest upside is that the food is great! They have a wide variety of options so its easy to please everyone. The down side is if you dont get there before the rush you will wait 2 hours for a table. Now I love the food there, but I wont wait 2 hours anywhere to eat!
3	The pizza was ok. I'm from NY area and have had much better. The buffalo wings were very very good, and I know good buffalo wings.
4	Delicious appetizers while you wait 20 for main course.I've been to this location and many others a lot of times and I am always happy to be there. It's the way they greet you like they are so happy to see you, the way they say goodbye like they can't wait for you to come back and the way they serve you like it's been their dream job. The food is always on point and I have never had a bad experience. I've tried the Pablo Picasso salad, a large lovely salad with tortilla strips, spicy chicken, cheese, pico de gallo and spicy dressing (available in a smaller size). The Alfredo the Darkwith chicken, pasta with alreado, pico de gallo, and a spicy salted jalapeno (always take home leftovers). The last time I was there the waitress was pretty MIA but that was a first ever. I'm  sure she was just having a rough day and let's face it, SERVERS ARE HUMAN TOO! I will definetely be back regardless.
5	A new family tradition, you can find us here almost any Friday.  Best thin crust ever! The wait on a Friday night is a bit much, but there is clearly a reason for that.  Oreganos is great about bringing out "teaser" pizza bites and drinks as you wait.
4	Great neighborhood pizza joint. Zack, our server, was extremely friendly and laughed when i called him Adam all during lunch. The wings were good and the thin crust pizza was excellent. A good value for your money.  Another wonderful place in Gilbert and we shall be back!!
4	This is a great place to hang out, whether you are with your entire noisy family or just two adults enjoying some time alone.  I have heard that there are many wonderful salads and pastas to try, but we cannot bring ourselves to order anything but the thin crust pizza!  It is awesome!
2	Drinks are strong, food is filling, huge cookie is a must...but don't get your hopes up on service.The family and I went on a Tuesday night for a birthday dinner for my sister's 16th. There were 16 of us, we called ahead and were told they don't take reservations(not even for large parties). We weren't given a wait time since there were supposedly two large party tables we could be sat at, both outside which is apparently the only place they can accommodate parties larger than 8. So we waited 45 minutes for one of those tables to become available. At that point they asked if we would be willing to split between two tables. We were brought back to two booths back to back, both were 6 tops. As you can imagine, fitting 16 people in two booths meant for 12 just did not work. We had three little ones with us and it still was ridiculously uncomfortable. The poor server was overwhelmed from the very beginning and it snowballed from there. To make it more manageable I think she split us into two separate groups by table and chaos ensued. One table got  food 20 minutes before the other did while one table was cashed out before the other were even asked how we wanted to split checks. The thought that family members from one table would want to pay for their children sitting at the other table confused the server to the point that we asked for her to just make a check for the children and we would pay for a second time.As far as the food...Just FYI the portions aren't terribly big. Apps like the cheese garlic bread is good to share but the entree salads and pastas aren't very shareable. I ordered a Caesar salad that was said to be "very large" to share with someone else and it was just about enough for one person. A friend got the chicken lasagna and the cheese was burnt to the point of being hard to cut through. My brother got a Caesar with chicken and the chicken was marinated in something that made it very sour. Not impressed. But those that got pizza were happy with it.Not a great place for large groups, but at least they gave the birthday girl a free deep dish cookie and the server waited until she turned a corner to show how miserable she was.
5	this is our go to place for thin crust pizza, love their pizza!  Tonight we had a Picasso salad too.  So yummy.  And of course....the pizzookie.
4	Ther is always a wait!
5	Always great food, terrific service and reasonable prices. My only complaint is that I'm always too full for a pizza cookie!
3	Shortly after posting my last review I was contacted by a very sweet member of Oregano's customer service department. We were invited back to try the Gilbert location with a certificate for part of a meal. As someone who believes that customer service can make or break a company, we decided to try again.Our last trip a few days ago was much better. We still had a wait for three of us on a Tuesday, but this time our server was right on point and took great care of us. He definitely turned things around and we will be likely to return sometime in the future. Even after having to listen to the hostess loudly talking(and swearing) to her personal friends at the booth next to us for the whole meal. Again, no manager in sight the entire time we were there. We just wanted to thank them for the certificate and compliment our server. This place isn't that big, where are they all hiding? All in all I can appreciate that they took the time to make things right. The wait and foul mouthed hostess kept us from having warm fuzzies about this place but we'll be back to satisfy our pazookie craving soon.
5	Big portions and cool atmosphere!
1	We have loved Oregano's in Scottsdale and Tempe.  Took friends to Gilbert and it took 65 minutes to be seated although we were told 15 to 25 min.  When two tables sat empty I bothered the girl at the door who had her arms around the neck of one of the guy servers and she said she hadn't forgotten.  10 min later when the third table sat empty my guy friend went to get action.  We were seated, ordered and waited 25 minutes for food - not bad, but when we finished, dishes were cleared and we declined dessert we waited another 25 minutes for our check and only got it when we said if we didn't get in within 5 min we were walking out.  We'll never go again.  Many of the staff just played around with each other while a few worked very hard.  We got the players!!
5	Rarely am I always pleased everytime I go to the same restaraunt-Oregano's gets it right every time.  This is one place that is the best Italian and Pizza you will ever have; the best locally owned eatery in Arizona. Nothing is bland, and you certainly taste the oregano in their pasta dishes.  If you don't mind the 30 minute time to cook it, their deep dish pizza is the best.. Other favorites are their anti-pasto salad (dinner size salad will feed 3 or 4 people, literally), Big Ole Ravioli, and of course, the famous Pizz-ookie dessert. Only complaint is every location is busy and there is usually a wait.
1	Tip for oreganos staff: don't make your customer wait an hour and a half for their order and then get it wrong!!! Thanks for ruining our evening
1	I have frequented many Oregano locations in the valley.  Stopped by for cocktail and pizza at the Gilbert location.  Sat at the bar and wanted to enjoy our drink and talk about our day.  Pizza was pretty good but the noise level was very annoying.  There was a family sitting at a table in the bar with a 2 year old that screamed the whole time we were there.  The 2 very young hostesses were just as annoying.  They decided to play some stupid cup game at the hostess desk that was competing with the screaming child.  Never will I go to this location ever again.
5	You can definitely tell by other Oregano's reviews I am a huge fan of their food!!! But tonight's experience was simply AMAZING!!! the food was awesome, but the service was TOP NOTCH!!One of the people in our party has a dairy allergy, I know I know we went to an Italian restaurant cheese cheese cheese, but our waitress Gina knew the answer to our allergy questions, everything from the bread to the sauces, she even pointed our an item we had ordered that had dairy mixed into it and got us a different dressing!!!!Gina you made this one of the most enjoyable outings I've had in a long time.
4	Wonderful food, every time I go to any location. Really good. Not as good as my Mothers of course. I mean hey, I am Italian, no to go food is as good as mamma's.Yes, there is a wait on a busy night,but worth it.Good selection of red wines, the kind we like, and wonderful pasta.Chicken lasanga is about the only chicken dish I really like.It smells good in here. Like a real Mamma Mia Kitchen!Good place, staff is hard working. You cannot go wrong with this place. Or any of the Oregano's actually!Always have so much food left over, it is great to have the next day.
5	While this wasn't our first visit to Oregano's in Gilbert, AZ, it was by far our most memorable.  With the exceptional help of the Manager Sean, and Server Jay-Jay, we so supremely hosted a part of 15 people for our Son's high school graduation on May 22, 2013.  Oregano's has been a family favorite of ours for sometime, and after leaving the area a few years back, we knew this was the place to host such a party.  The restaurants are always packed but that never takes away from the individual experience each party likely receives from their servers and chefs.  Their food is always tasty with nothing lacking in a robust menu.  Back to our experience on May 22nd, despite being an overly busy night with many large parties, Sean quickly sprung into action to help our large party (and several others) get a seating area and service to make sure our evenings were a blast.  Our server Jay-Jay attended to our every need and made sure we were never without just what we needed.  He was excellent at his job and knew just what to suggest and when.  Our 3-hour evening on their back patio was perfect.  Even in the warm Arizona evening weather, a combination of misters and fans, along with ample lighting made the setting even more enjoyable.  We would recommend Oregano's to anyone for a great meal.  From a quick bit with friends, to family gatherings to even take-out for the party at home, they have the food and service to make any occasion just right.  Thanks Oregano's for always being amazing!!
4	Had the Big Bruschetta Authentico which was unevenly toasted (blackened on one end and pale on the other) and soggy on the pale end.  The tomato, basil, red onion and garlic mixture was tasty.My entree was the Italian Flag Lasagna and it was awesome.  Packed with meat and baked cheese goodness.  The accompanying garlic bread tasted a little sour.  It had fresh garlic on it, but I suspect it also had some garlic salt.  The bread part was okay.  Definitely beats the cookie-cutter Italian restaurant bottomless breadsticks.  The wait staff was friendly and attentive without being annoying.
2	Apparently, the list of things I don't seem to get continues to grow longer.I ended up here for a group event...16 folks at 5 PM.  Put name on list and the wait started. At 5:45 PM hostess came out and asked us if we'd take a back to back table that should be ready in 20 minutes or so.  The other option was to wait for a larger outside table but it wouldn't be ready until 6:50 PM or so.  Yeah right I think I'll take what's behind door number 1.20 minutes comes and goes...no table.  6:30 PM comes...they seat a table of 18, that arrived after us at an outside table.  WTF??!!!6:55 PM they seat us at the back to back table.  WTF???!!!!Ok so I waited for close to 2 hours to be seated.  Let me get right to the point...the food here isn't worth a 2 hour wait.  Its not worth a 1 hour wait.    Its not worth a 1/2 hour wait.A word about the pesto.  Unscrew the top off a salt shaker and dump the contents in your mouth.  Same flavor as the pesto...albeit no basil.NEVER AGAIN!!!
2	Fun place to eat but pizza is ... Eh. Marinara sauce has a strong/funny taste. Pizzookies are good!
5	This location rocks! The staff is friendly and happy to be at work. I have probably eaten at 45 times and have never had a bad experience. The food is great as is the value!
5	Outstanding food! Every meal I had at this place was tasty, perfectly cooked, and service is outstanding.Highly recommend their pizza of course and the cheese bread.Military Supporters!!I give this place 5 stars!!
3	So, off to a good start, we've been here plenty of times, with kids numerous times. We ended up going on a stupid busy busy day @ around 7pm for dinner. Food is amazing btw the atmosphere is great, the kids get dough to play with "no crayons and paper to color on btw" So our night started on a long wait, which is fine we decided ourselves to wait.. Got our table, and first ordered drinks,.. we just wanted water please been waiting outside for awhile just water,... well were outta ice they said, manager went out to buy ice.. really really what restaurant runs outta ice???? just fine, we ordered, finally recieved water ,... almost 45min later were told the dinner my husband ordered, was lacking shrimp cause they ran out.. how did they not know there out of shirmp before ordering and wating almost an hour to tell us?????? so he had to order another dinner and wait again.. long story short, we got his meal and dessert free but he was angered since we had a 4 in a half hour long dinner. didnt even get out of there til 11:30pm so needless to say dont go on a stupid busy day, if you see a long line id suggest pass is up or your meal may be passed up by them.
5	I haved lived in Gilbert for 7 years and finally made it to Oregano's.  Loved everything.  We are a family of 5 and stopped in for a late lunch.  Calamari, Jungle Caesar Salad with chicken, and a large thin crust sausage and pepperoni pizza.  Awesome! Thanks for the peanut butter chocolate chip pizza cookie. Yum! Friendly service.  Best chicken Caesar salad I have ever eaten.
4	Although the service is somewhat slow, its mainly because its so busy. The atmosphere is awesome, and the pizza always tastes really fresh. Be careful. The hot hot wings are very spicy.
4	My wife and I love this place.  We usually go to the one in Mesa on Dobson and Southern but this place is just as good. They took away the soup I really liked and replaced it with a wedding soup that is just ok.  Every time I have it, it is a bit salty.  I am not a wine snob but I love red wine and there is just something special about red wine with any type of marinara sauce.  I will give kudos for the portions.  The service is always great too.  It seems like everyone who works there either goes to ASU or went there.  The environment is great and would recommend to anyone .
4	Always a favorite!  Free pizza cookie on your birthday.  Went on a Monday evening and had to wait for 45 minutes -ugh!
4	One of the only places in the valley that makes a Stuff-Chicago style pizza - Which is my favorite.... The pizza is great  - the place has a nice ambiance, but sometimes the music is a bit loud even during the day for younger kids (4-6yp) or if you want to talk...
5	Love Oregano's...it's our family go-to for lunch and dinner!  Only problem is the long wait...so we always try to go during slow hours.  Love the vino bambino salad, pizzas are great, the Italian Gold wings are such a great surprise...honey mustard sauce on crisp wings...delish.  The bellini's are to die for...and we can't ever leave without a pizza cookie for dessert....our kids fought us over the last one...and they won.  We will have to order two next time!  Our family from Austin is visiting again this Christmas...and Oregano's is first on their list!
5	this is the place my parents went to when they wanted the best. nothing has changed, you still need two hands to pick up a slice it's so stacked with goodness.
3	Oregano's has delicious food and a pleasant staff.  I don't really mind the longer wait for my food because I get the sense that it is fresh rather than a frozen entree that someone popped into a microwave.We have a large family and whenever there is a college graduation or birthday party, we usually end up at the Gilbert Oregano's restaurant and we spend a pretty penny in Oregano's standards.  One thing that makes my stomach a bit queasy is the Hooter's inspired attire.  Very short shorts are one thing, but the low-cut tank tops gross me out.  Maybe I'm just germ phobic but those waitresses get hot running around all the time.  I don't like the thought of someone's uncovered sweaty armpit hanging over my dinner.  It just doesn't seem sanitary to me and I wish they'd class it up a bit.  Aren't there Department of Health dress codes for wait staff beyond shirts and shoes?  If showing cleavage makes the girls feel good about themselves, fine.  Whatever you need to do... just please cover up your armpits.  I am sure it can be accomplished - I don't see the males walking around in leotards and they seem to be handling the heat just fine!!One final word - I'm not a fan of the illegal substance references written on the backs of your shirts.  "Legalize Marinara."  Try explaining that to a child and helping them to understand why this is "funny" when they're being taught that drugs are bad.  I know it's a silly parody, it just isn't in good taste for a reputable business.
5	The only downside of this place is the wait.  The problem with being this good is that you are always busy, but that is a great problem to have.  Love their pizza and their Garlic bread.  Also, great atmosphere.
3	NO GLUTEN FREE PIZZA :(  but we found Gilbert Pizza and that GF Pizza rocked!!
3	Absolutely LOVE the caesar salad here with chicken! It is HUGE and under $10. Other than that though, I don't really know what I'd get - the menu isn't my favorite, not a lot I'd like to try.  My husband got the chicken lasagna and said that was good. Garlic bread isn't all that great (coming from someone who LOVES bread, that's saying something). We even got the cheesy bread the second time and my husband swore it smelt like plastic lol. Oh boy! And it smelled like garbage all around the area outside - what's that about?
4	Solid Salads and Pizza served by mostly hot young girls wearing tight shorts. Not sure how you can really go wrong. No wonder all the Mormon dads choose it as #1. (that was a joke about how horny mormons are) Everything other than the pizza and salad here almost always dissapoints. Including the following which we have now tried on various occasions and its been quite unremarkable: Wings, Deep Dish, MEatballs, Pasta dishes, AppetizersIf you go here for the thin crust pizza and a pizookie you will be happy. Oh yea, solid beers on tap too.
5	Never had a dish I didnt like. My favorite is the anti-pasta salad (jr size feeds 4) and Italian Gold wings. (Mustard based sauce).  We try ti go off hours as the line can be brutal. Other great thing is the GIANT drinks. 32 oz glasses for soda that take you through the whole meal. They will also give you a glass for the road ob your way our. If you like Italian the menu is extensive but is not light on carbs. I always find something tastey. Typical bill is about 25 for two.
3	Service not so good today. Waited 1/2 hour for a salad that didn't seem up to the normal quality. Sparse on the chicken and it was cold (normally warm). We've been an Oregano's fan for many years, even though we are tired of the same music all the time. Hope this is not a sign they are going downhill.
1	Horrible place, watered down rum and coke, rancid grease and nasty management. Chad the floor manager discriminated against my service animal by asking to see her vest and identification, illegal by state and federal laws. "You! Sit at the back of the bus."
5	Recently my boyfriend and I dined here and had an amazing experience and awesome food.  However, I am writing this review because I love the staff and management here.  We were sitting at a table next to an extremely rude couple with a service animal that belittled the staff, complained about EVERYTHING, and after having the entire check comped by the manager, still continued to complain.  I highly commend everyone at Oregano's for handling the situation in such a professional manner.  I have no idea how you can maintain such composer with such rude people.  We will be life long guest and praise you for having such a wonderful establishment
1	Tried this location tonight. The service was slow and they messed up our order multiple times. I really like oreganos so this time around makes me very sad.
5	Awesome place, LOVE it!!!! Foods great, people are great... crave the Big Rig on a regular basis!!!
5	Hello Chicago! In Gilbert, of course. Oreganos transports you back to old style Chicago in the middle of the desert. There are 40s era pictures on the walls, bookshelves decorated with jars of marina, and Hunts tomato sauce cans that serve as lights over the bar. The food is incredible, with fresh and authentic taste. The menu is diverse, with something for everyone! There are definitely a few southwestern influences to be found, such as being able to put green hatch chilies on your pizza. The portions are large, but you're going to want to take some home! The service is great, with friendly, eager staff. You'll definitely go back for more!
1	On a Thursday at 345, a group of 11, nobody else waiting. .. waited for 30 minutes to be told that we couldn't sit together (that would be a 2 hour wait) and it would be another 30-40 minutes. . I think I spend more time waiting at oreganos than I do dining.
4	Their meatball sub is unlike any other. Their pizza is pretty good too. The salads I've gotten haven't impressed me, though. The pasta I got was yummy but a small portion that I didn't expect. You just have to know what to order there.
4	We have always loved Oreganos, but my wife was recently diagnosed with a gluten allergy.  Many pizza places in the valley now have gluten free crust options.  Oreganos, please get with the times and add a gluten free crust option!!
1	The worst service I've ever had, my wife and I waited 45 mins when they told us 20 mins and then when I went to ask what was taking so long I got attitude, and our server was so slow and it wasn't ever that packed. Be prepared to wait and have horrible service
5	Order for take out today.  SOOO GOOD, we got the stuffed pizza along with a salad.  When I called she was very pleasnant and polite.  I arived when they told me it would be ready but it was still about 5 more minutes, no biggie.The young gilrs working the take out area were very pleansant and proffesional wich is refreshing when dealing with highschool kids. And they gave me a beverage on the house.The pizza could not have been any better, dynamite! and the service was outstanding.  The only thing wrong was they forgot to slice my pizza,  ooopps, things happen
5	Other than the long wait this place bis awesome.  Always good salad, pizza and pasta.  Make sure to follow it up with a pizzoookie.
2	I've experienced much better.   I love food, I just LOVE LOVE LOVE me some food.  The food here is... meh.   I've been three times, and my general reaction is 2-3 stars at best for each of my visits.  Hey, can I get that without the green chilis?  No?  What about... can I get this with the sauce on the side?  No?  Can I...? Never mind, she just WALKED AWAY.After three visits with these folks, I have had a 100% consistent issue with getting seated- and this place actually earned its own tweet (I rarely tweet) because of the consistently snippy, unhelpful, and downright stand-offish response when we try to come spend our $400 there for a group lunch. So... two stars for consistency... that does seem to indicate a "policy" and hooray for you, to be able to maintain such a strict adherence to your policies.  I guess. It's unfortunate that there's one person on our admin staff that just ADORES this disaster of a chain, thus we end up getting dragged here for their annual "work anniversary" lunch celebration.  No amount of calling ahead to see what can be done to make things go more smoothly for the staff at Oregano's (why wouldn't you want to know that a party of 15 is on its way?) and I've long since given up on trying to make things go smoothly for our staff.    I know you don't take reservations, I'm not trying to break your rules... I'm calling with a head's up to let you know that we have a group coming in 2 days from now.  And when I call ahead as they open that day to let them know, and I get the same defensive reaction.  Again, not trying to break your rules.  Just trying to see what CAN be done- but thank you for the thorough scolding on all of the things that CAN'T be done.The rule here -*******take note if you're going to be with a group******- is that they WILL NOT SEAT YOU unless every member of your party is there.  That last person who stayed behind to lock the door and then caught the red light?  No, no, we can't seat the other 14 of you, that last, 15th, person has to be here before you can have your table.I've experienced this at the Chandler location once, in 2011... as well as the Gilbert location twice (once in 2012 and once in December of 2013).  When I was a kid (oh yes, I went there), there was a place in Phoenix called Ed Debevicks (I believe)... it was a 50's New York diner-style experience, complete with waiters and waitresses that would strive to exceed each other in the ways that they could be outrageously, hilariously, rude.  They'd shove you over so they could sit down while they took your order.  They'd loudly chew gum and take a sip of your drink.  They might call you names, they'd for sure snort and roll their eyes, but at the end of the day it was all a joke.  As they were putting on the act, they were covertly on the BALL with your order, with a new drink and refills, with getting your order correct and hot and on your table quickly.  Oreganos?  Well... they're rude.  Aaaand... that's it.Good for groups: NoGood when you need to catch a movie: NoGood for work lunch (you have to be done in a reasonable time frame): NoI tried to order Alfredo the Dark with one modification:  Nope. Can't do it.  Okay, that's fair.I tried to order the Lady is a Scampi: our server said "It's spicy and we won't take it back if it's too spicy".  Well, I like to put sriracha sauce on my pizza, and I order my wings "Hot" wherever I go, but she was so severe, I was worried about dropping $15 and going hungry for the rest of my work day. I have ordered a Julius Cesar salad with chicken (huge), which was good, but I've had better.I have ordered the Zany Ziti, and found it unbearably bland.  And I do believe pasta and pizza is like sex... even when it isn't the BEST you've ever had... well, I'm not going to complain.   But... really, really BLAND.  I thought, like some pastas, that it just needed a day to sort of meld the flavors, so I looked forward to having it as a leftover the next day, but it came in a breadbowl, which then rendered it inedible as a leftover the next day. I've had the thin crust pizza, which was fine.  I mean... *straining to say something nice* ...yeah.  It was ...fine.So, kids, as much as I struggle emotionally with leaving a 2-star review... that's been my experience after three visits - and next year for my co-worker's anniversary, I'll wish her well and then probably head up Gilbert Road to Joe's BBQ.
2	a one hour wait on a thursday around 845? not cool. then having TERRIBLE service because it's close to closing time, definitely not ok. foods OK. (i like their sanwhiches/pasta, but pizza is average.) not worth the wait.
3	NOTE TO NEWBIES WHO WANT TO EAT AT OLD TOWN GILBERT:1- go because you're a trendy hipster who likes waiting 1-2 hours to eat2- eat at 8:00 pm otherwise you'll wait 1-2 hrs 3- go when its 115 degrees and you might wait 45 minutes4- go during the week at 8pm when its 115 degrees for the shortest wait time.5- snowbird season takes this wait to new heights!! BEWARE ON ANY DAY OF THE WEEK!Cheap tastey italian food. Watch out for some of their sauces.....they are killed with garlic and basil and can be a bit spicey.But....where the heck can you get a large bowl of pasta for 8.99 and scampi for 13.99 ?? NOWHERE! Thats why people wait for 1-2 hrs to eat there.Not sure when i'll go there again simply because of the insane wait times.I'd love to try joride taco's next door but that was a 2 hr wait.Postino ?? 1 hr waitTrendy sux .....head elsewhere if you're actually hungry !  :)
5	The staff is always friendly.  I had my first taste of oreganos almost a year ago and tired the Alfredo the dark with chicken. I haven't tried anything else. This dish is my favorite and I am never disappointed.
4	First time here.  Went between the lunch rush and the dinner rush so it wasn't crowded. We ordered an appetizer... The chicken wings. The waitress told us it would be about 20 minutes for the wings, which we thought was unusual but ok.....we can wait. They actually came out in about 8 minutes, along with our lunch.  Didn't like that.  Would have liked to enjoy some conversation with the appetizers. THEN bring out the food instead of mixing that flavor with our lunch.  Made it feel rushed and as a business, they should maybe wait to put in the meal maybe 15 minutes after the appetizers have been ordered.....not at the same time.  Overall, the food was good.  The service was good and we had a really nice waitress. Will go again.
3	People stand in the hot AZ in line outside of these Oregano's and I just don't get it. But then again they do the same at Olive Garden. They have OK food and respectable service, even though one of the servers whisked away 2 out of 3 salad bowls while there was clearly over half of one of their large salads quite visible. Then even though we said WHOA the over zealous server (who had his thumb in the eating area of the bowl) tried to put them back down. We insisted he bring new bowls and he couldn't understand why.My sandwich was decent, the pizza I felt very over priced. It's one of those places I'll go back to if friends insist but I will do my best to steer the party to a better restaurant.
5	Oregano's is seriously one of the best places to eat. I love their southwestern influence on Italian food. The Pablo Picasso salad is by far the best salad I've ever had. It's warm and hearty and full of flavor. Their calamari is really good as well. I've never had their thick crust pizza, however the thin crust is super yummy! Also, Alfredo of the dark with chicken is a spicy version of the dish that comes with a poblano pepper. So delish! Also, you must save room (if you can) for a pizza cookie...a-may-zing!!!
4	This place always seems to be so busy.  Good food at a fair price.They were understaffed during my last visit, which needs some attention.  Overall, a nice family restaurant with a fun atmosphere.
5	Second time here.  This time for my daughter's 16th birthday dinner....her choice.  She picked the appetizer, pizza, and dessert.  I have to say that our second trip to this establishment far surpassed our first.  Our waiter was awesome and checked on us often, making sure our meal was correct and drinks were filled.  He even acknowledged my daughter's birthday in an appropriate way,  which was nice.The Bruchetta was so good.  Our pizza was their version of the meat lovers w/thin crust.  My daughter's choice and everyone but me loved it.  I'm a pan pizza lover so it wasn't an issue of food quality,  just food preferences. When they say "thin", they mean cracker thin, lol.....but hey, it's healthier, right?!? He-he-he. Let's just say that there were no left overs to take home - it was that good! And a free birthday Pa'zookie for the birthday girl to round out the night......A home run, in our book.
5	Best thin crust pizza I've ever had and I consider myself a discerning pizza connoisseur.  Service was great and the wait to get a table wasn't too long.  Overall it was a great experience and I look forward to going back again soon.
2	Probably not good idea to order-eat at bar.  Bartender had one voice volume level and it went to "11" most of time.  Not best service either, I seem to have gotten on the pay no mind list and seriously even the water was bad.  Food arrived way too fast and was just ok-not up to previous meals there...wondered if it had been made for another order and had been sitting a while.  On upside big kudos to the mgr, she was very nice and did listen to my concerns.
2	I typically have good to great experiences at the other locations so before writing this review, I thought I'd peruse some of the other write up's.  I can see that I'm not alone and that much of this is justified.All of their locations are busy and for good reason:  the food is pretty good!  Typically, it's a longer wait during the dinner hours and especially on weekends.  That part, I get.  Went there this past weekend to celebrate a birthday (mine) at 5pm on Saturday.  Party of 6.  We were told the wait would be close to an hour.  It was already packed so that wasn't surprising.The hostess came over after about 20 minutes of waiting and asked us if we wanted to sit outside or preferred inside.  We wanted indoors (it was 105 degrees!) but why wasn't this asked when we put our names in?  The outside area was virtually empty.  Had we been OK with eating outside, we may have already been seated!!!  There were a few other parties waiting both inside and outside that were there before us.  Not that I counted but at Oregano's, it's a good idea to survey how many are waiting to give you an idea of how long your wait will be.  As they were all seated, we hoped that we would be up soon.  I understand that some tables can't hold 6 and so some smaller parties end up getting seated before us even though they arrived after.  As our wait continued, parties of 4, parties of 6, parties of 2 were all being seated before ours.  Everyone in our group was watching this process and agreed that we were passed over. A manager walked over and let us know that they were going to be clearing off a table for us momentarily, which they did, but she offered no apology when we asked if they were certain we weren't overlooked.  Clearly they have their own special math when it comes to determining "first come, first served".  You can't make reservations for a party of any size there so you're always at your own risk with a party larger than 2.  Again, the wait time didn't surprise me but the way they went about seating guests left many questions and much to be desired.The food was its usual great self and our server was nice.  She took care of our appetizer.  It was a good meal.  Unfortunately, the memory and story of this particular visit is still going to be the horrible wait management.I sent out a tweet about this before we left the restaurant, asking someone to contact me.  Two days later, I have not been contacted.  Just an FYI to Oregano's management: several hundred people saw it and I'll be tweeting out this review as well.Last time we were there, our food was delayed because it was dropped on the floor on the way to the table.  It seems that it's always something at this location.  We may visit the others down the road but there are many other options in Gilbert if you're looking for a nice and fun place to eat.
4	This place is awesome.  I won't go into detail, cuz there's plenty of reviews about how good the food is.  The only reason I give it 4 stars, instead of 5 is the price is a bit steep for pizza, and getting a seat requires some patience.  But then again, it's not Pizza Hut.  Place is very busy plan on a 45 minute to hour wait on weekends....but worth it.  I usually now go in for lunch where you get a giant slice for 3.99...either way, the food is great, albeit a tad pricy....
4	There pizza is some of the best around, when I think of a sit in pizza place i think of them! I have yet to have a bad pizza I will say sometimes the service is slow due to them being busy. I have had there wings and they are average nothing amazing but deep dish pizza and there cheese bread will make your mouth water!
5	This place was great! I was in Arizona last year, visiting some friends, and they took me to Oregano's in Gilbert. We got there around 7 pm on a Sunday evening and decided to sit on the patio. I was scared it would still be too hot, but they had air conditioners blasting outside by the table as well as a misty sprinkler system above the patio. Awesome! We elected to get a Chicago style deep dish pizza which takes like 45 minutes to make, so we just threw back a couple of ice cold draft beers and the pizza was out in no time. Having the deep dish pizza was a treat because we don't really have too many places that specialize in Chicago style pizza on the west coast. The service was outstanding as well. When we were waiting for a table, we went to the bar to get a beer, and the bar tender was on top of his game even though it was chaotic. Our waiter was also very friendly. It turned out that the waiter's fiance was from my home town. Small world. Overall it was a great experience, and I look forward to stopping by again next time I'm in the Phoenix area. 5 out of 5 stars.
5	Busy. Oreganos is always busy. People are still coming in 5 minutes to close. It is in a great location in downtown Gilbert which is my favorite area to eat at.  The service is pretty good. I love those big cups they have. For someone like me who always needs refills it cuts down on that quite a bit. (Protip: ask to take a cup home. They had no problem with it, surprisingly) You have to get the Garlic bread. It is huge and tastes amazing. Deep dish pizza is where it's at. Sure it takes 45 minutes they say for the pizza to be ready, but shoot enjoy your company for a bit. What is the rush? There pizza is so good. I could care less about the price. Their sauce is so flavorful and their sausage is high quality. Desserts here are amazing. You have to try them at least once.
4	Top Fav's: Grandma G's Pizza, gold wings, vino bambino salad, garlic bread w/ out cheese! Love the large diet soda cup!!!!
5	Took my son to Oregano's last night for his birthday. Loved the Guaca-Tony!!!!!!! they gave my son a free pizza cookie for his birthday!! Thanks
4	I've been to most of the Oregano's in town, over the years, since the beginning when they opened in the 90s. I'm going to review the Gilbert location, because I think it offers the best food, service and parking. Downside: more families (i.e. screaming kids) than let's say the Scottsdale/Tempe/Phoenix locations.But I tell ya what, when I'm out in the country visiting relatives, I enjoy a stop at Gilbert Oregano's. It's what ALL Oregano's used to be. Consistent, with the best pizza in town and GREAT service. Sad to say, but the service has dropped off precipitously at the Camelback/Phoenix location, and is hit-or-miss at the Scottsdale/Shea location. Maybe since Gilbert is a more family-friendly atmosphere, the servers in the area are more....friendly. I dunno.Oregano's has always had the best pizza in town, I think. Yeah yeah I'm a food snob too and I appreciate the "real-ish" Italian styles of the Bianco chefy pizzas. But to me, that is more of a fancy bread dish than a real slice of pizza. Pizza should be heavy, with a lot of sauce, cheese and fresh copious toppings. The meatballs are home-made on an Oregano's pizza. Respect for that. But I never understand their red "jalapenos". I think they call it "jalapenos" but really they're just assorted hot peppers. Still taste good; just confusing.New York has thin crust, Chicago has deep dish, Arizona has Oregano's. It's the signature pizza in the state, from Flag to Tucson. Can I live without their sexual innuendo-heavy advertising? Do I think it's childish and not really funny at all? Well, just because they have lame marketing doesn't mean they don't do a good job of presentation at the ACTUAL restaurants. All are impeccably decorated (for the style they're going for) and all locations look the same, which is fine since it's a good look. ALMOST too much crap on the walls a la TGI Friday's or Chotchkies from "Office Space".Love their huge parking lot next door. When parking is a breeze, I don't mind a longer wait for a table, as you will often find here. When service is top-notch, I don't mind a longer wait for a table. I think once, it was just-OK at Gilbert Oregano's, but more often than not it's great.The pasta dishes and sandwiches are frequently tasty and desirable. Good meats, sauces and cheeses. However, the salads have always been a train wreck. Sorry, Charles, but you CAN'T serve iceberg lettuce salads anymore with RAW ONION in the year 2014.The gross salads and long waits take Oregano's from 5 to 4-stars. But if you go at the right time and know what to order (the PIZZA!), this place is a state gem. Plain and simple.
5	From Chicago and this place has it right.  Great thin crust pizza, great salads (Pablo!), and good apps. Definitely my favorite in the area.
5	Best pizza I had in Arizona. More like Chicago-style pizza unlike others.
4	Just ate here with the family, big wine selection for everyone's taste.  I had the Italian stuffed sandwich, which was awesome in flavor, didn't care much for the slaw.  The rest had salads- the big beefstro and the big bombino- they finished every shred of lettuce:)  lots of pasta and meat on the salads!  Don't leave without eating the desert cookie- half white macadamia and half chocolate chip.  Four out of five because our servers switched part way through the meal and my wine came out late.  Everything else was awesome.
5	Love me some Organos!!!!  Came in with 9 family members from the midwest.....of course they all needed separate checks......our waitress took it like a champ.....BIG KUDOS! I know thats a nightmare, but she didn't flinch a bit!
5	The gold wings are fantastic. However, if you have the time, the deep dish pizza here is on hit. Better than any deep dish in Chicago! Love it!
1	Management was super rude. I addressed a concern and the response was, "That's how it is..."You're better off going to Pizza Hut.
5	We had the deep dish stuffed pizza "Numero Uno" and paid about $23 for a 10" which feeds about 4 adults. I was only able to eat one slice since it was so thick. The crust was thin and the middle layer had about 2 inches of filling. The top layer is a second thin crust with tomato sauce. The pizza takes about 45 minutes to bake so we called it in and were able to just eat it there. However, they normally don't allow you to do that on Fri & Sat during dinner because the wait time for a table may take longer than the time it takes for your pizza to bake.  There have TV's but they only play old movies.  There's also patio seating and a bar outside.
2	We came on a weekday after lunch rush... Hardly any guests... We thought oh good, they aren't busy... Uh, no, that just meant the servers made their lunch money and were now doing side work instead of actually waiting on anyone else. It took FOREVER to get seated, it took FOREVER to get our drinks, even LONGER to take our order- and our server was a ditz. I asked if they had a "side" salad, you know a small salad to eat before your meal... She pointed me to the Lunch salad with chicken for $9... i asked again if there was a SIDE salad... and she said "well thats what i showed you"... NEVERMIND... it took FOREVER AND EVER AND EVER to get our food. Now I will say that my special- the chicken pesto mini was AMAZING (which is why i gave 2 stars and not 1), my hubbys sandwich was marginal, the cole slaw was terrible. My girls pasta, was nothing special. It took FOREVER to get refills. We asked for boxes and the check at the same time (and of course they "have" to box it for you, which took another 10 min for her to finally come back... and she didn't even bring the check!!!  I reminded her about the check as we were all CLEARLY packing up and getting ready to LEAVE... WE HAD BEEN DONE FOR 15 min. She brings the check, i have my CC in hand (standing, holding baby and diaper bag ready to pay and leave) and just want to glance it over and she disappears!! My hubby takes the older kids outside who have endured sitting still FOR LONG ENOUGH... I stand there, and stand there, and stand there... I can see her through the glass by the kitchen on her PHONE!!! THAT EXPLAINS SOOOOOOO MUCH!!! We arrived around 2:15 on a tuesday afternoon and didn't leave until 3:55!
4	Cant go wrong with Oregano's.  Unless you want to watch a sports game, then you may be out of luck.
5	Get the Link Sausage!!!  The flavor was brilliant.  It is house made and This was my first time to this location.  I've been to other Oregano's in the past, but obviously I did not know what I was missing.  A friend and I went and there was a line of people waiting.  We were able to sit at the bar and eat dinner.  Be aware that they have Pepsi products.  I love Diet Coke and so I had to have soda water.  That is my only complaint.  We had a starter of Sausage and Meatballs, wonderful taste, a Ceasar salad and the Clark Street Pizza.  The pizza was better than my expectation and has been added to my list of the best pizza so far.  I was not expecting that from a chain.  The service was excellent and the bartender Josh was amazing.
4	First visit to this location have been to tempe, mesa, and Scottsdale locations.  Very consistent no matter the location.  Always order Italian gold wings, very good! Thin style pizza is great. Good pizza place never a let down!
4	I honestly use to hate this place and I'm not sure why? Maybe I was in a bad mood from being hungry? Not sure anyways I wanted a good pasta meal and I'm so happy I gave Oreganos another try. I got the egg plant parmesan and got a lot of it ! And for only $9! Gosh I was so full with only half the dish, my boyfriend got the chicken parmesan sandwhich and he loved it just didn't enjoy the side of sweet potato fries. The only down side was the hostess telling us 20-25 mins and we ended up waiting 45 mins but got us seated shortly after I asked how much longer. We will be back for sure!
1	IF YOU LIKE BEING IGNORED GO HERE!!! Extremely unsatisfied with the service I received here tonight.  Watching my server flirt with her coworker as my drink is gone, is tacky.  Not checking on your tables shows laziness.  I go and speak to the manager about our service, explain to him about her unprofessional behavior. It appears he spoke to her because she then began to COMPLETELY IGNORE us. You will not be receiving my business in the future. Which sucks because I really like your food, but costumer service is way more important.
5	The Big rig pasta is by far the tastiest Italian dish around. I would put it up against any Italian restaurant specialty. The Pablo Picasso salad is quite tasty as well. Come to think of it, I have yet to eat something there that wasn't good.
5	10 million stars for the amazing food!!  Wish I could be more specific but everything I've ever had here is glorious!  The first time I came here was about 6 years ago and I dream about it regularly ever since.  The service is great too but only if you can look past the hour and a half wait like I did tonight-yikes!  Please open more Oreganos!
