5	Apryl is an absolutely amazing tattoo artist. She did both tattoos on my right arm, first designing my Sewing machine tribute to my mother. I basically came to Apryl and said, "I want a sewing machine." She asked me a bunch of questions, took a tracing of my arm, and what felt like one day, but might have been longer, she had designed a tattoo that I get compliments on every single day. Her imagination came alive while designing it, taking my few "wants" and creating a piece I hadn't even dreamed could be real. I LOVE my tattoo. The second tattoo she designed was a tribute to my grandmother, a tiered cake, and she designed it to fit on the inside of my right arm, right along with the sewing machine. You would NEVER know they were done on different days. They fit together perfectly. Apryl has such an amazing passion for her work, and pays such great attention to detail. Sometimes to this day I find tiny flourishes on my tattoos that I didn't notice. You can feel that she loves what she does, which is just what you want in a Tattoo artist. Apryl is professional, amazingly talented, and fun to talk to. You should be getting a tattoo from her RIGHT now, she will do right by you, for sure.
5	so 27 tattoo. what can you offer that any other tattoo shop cant?let me tell you.27 tattoo is an amazing studio. run by amazing people. who care.let me begin on the design of the studio.when i saw this place i was confused. wait this is a tattoo shop? it threw me off because its clean, bright, and set up really well. its open and gives the feeling of confidence and cleanliness. those are both kinda important when getting something permanently etched into your skin. i have been around a few tattoo shops in my time and its a breath of fresh air when you see one that doesn't have floor to ceiling "designs" of tribal lower back tattoos and butterflies. yes, this is what one expects from an "artist" running an "art gallery" that does tattoos. so now that we have established that the overall design and "feel" of 27 tattoo is the place you want to be, i think its time we discuss whats really important and that's the people who work there.let me say that i don't think you'll get a better "couple" together than Anthony and Apryl. these two are straight shooters right from the start. both stellar people who care about what they do and its crystal clear. like their windows. they are both respectful, understanding, and most important, patient.anthony is a good solid dude. while he might not be the most winded person, when he says something he means it and rest assured its coming from the heart. i have had the pleasure of spending more than a few hours with him and i have single handedly deducted all by myself that this is a guy you are honored to know. if he is in your "circle of friends" you should consider yourself lucky. hes a great dude. its doesn't hurt that he does solid tattoos either.apryl is as good of an artist as she is a person. she takes ideas and turns them into living breathing pieces of art. i have spent some time with her as well and what i can say is it nice to talk with someone who is sincere and caring. thats apryl. she listened to what i had to say and ran with the ideas. the end result was something that has developed into an amazing piece of art and a lasting friendship with a person i am happy and proud to call a "friend."so to sum this all up, like a scrotum here it is in a nutshell:27 tattoo:1-awesome lay out2-killer space3-a breath of fresh air when it comes to tattoo shops4-anthony is an awesome dude who does killer work5-apryl is one of the sweetest chicks i know who who just happens to do some KILLER tattoos6-the pricing is extremely fair for what you are getting WHERE you are getting it at in regards to the actual studio7-the overall experience is whats important and with these two behind the helm your destined for a quality enjoyable all around good time.you cant possibly have any questions about 27 tattoo after this review. over. and out.
5	Jack & I were referred to Apryl by a mutual friend from Chicago.  (THANK YOU LISA !!) Now that we are in Phoenix we needed to find a great artist that had a modern and clean shop. What we found at 27Tattoo was even better.Apryl is an amazing artist with a gentle touch. Some tattoo artists have a heavy hand and aren't really all that creative. Not so here. We started with something simple and an idea, which Apryl took and made look amazing! I wanted a breast cancer pink ribbon with some type of tribute to my Mom & all of the friends I have lost to the disease. My halo & angel wings hovering above the ribbon - with a "Chai", the Jewish symbol for Life, below it, is perfect!Jack got a clean & crisp Masonic symbol that looks great as well.This is a beautiful and uncluttered shop with artists, not people doing tats as a sideline. They are professional, and creative... and are a great couple too!We are going back next month to start a sleeve and a leg piece that will keep Apryl in our lives for a long time!You guys ROCK!
5	OMG! What started out as Jack's simple vision for a Masonic tattoo - including basic symbols - turned into an amazing work of art designed totally by Apryl! Her creativity & imagination just ... spectacular. We gave her an idea of what we wanted and told her to run with it. She created a design that looks like a patch sewn into Jack's skin filled with not only Masonic symbolism - but with shading that makes it jump off his forearm!!  When it is done healing the pics will be on our facebook page - All I can say at this point - is when Apryl puts her mind to something she creates amazing art! You can trust her to do her research - and we know she did - because she integrated symbols we never told her existed and it made the design that much better and - I am so proud of that piece that I AM NEXT! Give me a month & Apryl will be starting my sleeve! Hubby has to wait his turn now! I am so excited to know we have original Art by Apryl!!
5	Wanted to wait until my tattoo healed before I wrote my review. I just have to say that this was the best experience I have had getting a tattoo! I love looking at my tattoo-- and so do other people. I get compliments everywhere I go and am proud to say 27 Tattoo Studio and Apryl hooked me up! Can't wait for more!!!
5	I first went into 27 tattoo to have an older tattoo touched up by Anthony, which turned out great so I came back to have a new piece done.My tattoo turned out amazing, and I'm so, so stoked on it.  Photo added above (framed woman w/ fox fur).  The studio is awesome, clean, good tunes.  I very much highly recommend Anthony!
5	It's been a month now since I took advantage of their $27 on the 27th special. The tattoo has healed beautifully. Anthony did a fantastic job on the lettering and it continues to receive compliments.Thank you!
5	I've never been to 27 Tattoo, but I got tattooed by Apryl Jenkins at a tattoo convention last year in October. Even though my tattoo was pretty simple, she asked me details on it to make sure to know exactly how I wanted it to look(I got stars and she even asked if I wanted to round the edges or have them sharp). She is friendly and even let me take a picture with her. Her profile is beyond words and no matter how big or small your tattoo, it definitely is worth checking out your artist's portfolio before letting them ink your body for life. Kudos to Apryl!
5	Went for the $27 dollar tattoo today and I have to say that I was greatly impressed! I was tattooed by Apryl, she went above and beyond what called for a $27 dollar tattoo. I feel as if I got away with a screaming deal. Apryl is light handed, professional and very talented.  I have been searching for somewhere to get all of my and my families tattoos done and this will definitely be the place! Also, the shop is clean and bright. They also played some good punk tunes while there.
5	Just got my first tattoo today! Mark did an awesome job and was so friendly and patient. I had to take my shirt off for my tattoo, and he was so absolutely professional. I never for a moment felt uncomfortable. I walked away with exactly what I wanted, and I know where I will be going for any future tattoos!
5	I love this shop. Not only does it have a fun vibe bit it is incredibly clean and they do amazing work! I am having Anthony finish my arm and it looks amazing!
5	Anthony did my first tattoo and it came out awesome. Very clean and ambiance is pretty kick butt. Check them out.
5	My husband and I both had tattoos done by Anthony and Apryl earlier this. This was my husbands first tattoo so he really doesnt have much to compare to. Not that i'm so much more tattoo experienced than him, but i do have two smaller ones to compare to. And i have to say, by far, apryl has the lightest hands. I had a good 6-8" piece done on my side/rib area, and the process was nearly painless!!! the work that went into both our tattoos are amazing. We both get many many compliments and cant thank Anthony and Apryl enough. Their shop is spotless, almost borederline OCD spotless. I dont think i've even seen their magazines out of place before! These two make a great team!
5	27 Tattoo Studio is hands down the best ink shop in the Valley!  Apryl Jenkins is one of the shop owners and was my artist.  My man and I stopped in there after I found them on yelp and facebook, and because I had an old tat I really needed and wanted to have covered and expanded on with a new idea.  We dropped some sample references of the idea and direction we wanted to move in to Apryl, and she was able to customize a one of a kind sketch of what we asked for.  Granted it took the 2nd sketch draft to bring it to life, but once there, it was as smooth as glass the rest of the way. Our start to finish custom work process time was about 2 months in the making - working, communicating and collaborating together - But, the end result is so worth it!....I absolutely love my new tat and will continue to get all my additional work done there, as well!  I highly recommend 27 Tattoo Studio not only for their proven work but also for their extreme level of sanitation and their excellent client care & service!
5	What a wonderful shop!Went to get a couples tattoo with my wife for our third anniversary. I sprung it on her as a surprise a few days before we went in and let her pick the concept of what we wanted. I emailed Apryl on Monday and she was able to squeeze us in and have our tattoo drawn up and ready when we came on Saturday.The shop itself is my favorite tattoo shop I have ever walked into. It is unbelievably clean, modern, and best of all not chaotic. One of my least favorite things about getting tattoos is walking into a shop and dozens of people are standing around hanging with the artists, bs'ing and acting like its an after hours club. This was not the case here. It is an UNBELIEVABLY professional atmosphere. Additionally the whole studio is just aesthetically pleasing. The artwork on the walls is (or seems) all original. There are no poster boards hanging from the wall with tattoos for people to walk in, point out and say put this on me. This put me at ease knowing Anthony took the time to draw me up a one of a kind tattoo that only me and my wife will ever have on our bodies. Additionally they have a big screen HD TV hanging near the station which made the time fly by as we laughed along to Home Alone!.The artists could not have been any better. Both Anthony and Apryl were amazingly professional. Our tattoo is mostly black and greys yet the image is very vibrant and really pops out. I really appreciate that they do most of their work off of appointments/consultations first because the time they have spent in drawing the tattoo out and then put on my body definitely is reflected and piece that I am going to be proud of until I meet my maker. Finally, the value of this place is amazing. We didn't even discuss price. This was at my choosing, I didn't ask because this wasn't about the price to us, we wanted quality and were willing to pay as needed. These tattoos very well should have cost us likely $50-100 more than what we paid but they were more than fair.Apryl and Anthony,Thank you so very much. We are both in love with this art and have already shown it off to dozens of people and dropped your name to them. I cant wait to come and get my next piece.Thanks so much,Michael and Kristen
5	Why go to 27 Tattoo? No, the question is why the H-E-double-hockey-sticks would you go anywhere else? Tattoos are kinda permanent ya' know and you wouldn't want anyone other than the mega-talented artists at 27 to leave that kind of permanence on you. Anthony and Apryl are super respectful of their clients wishes, and will work with you to make sure that you leave 110% satisfied. They have assembled a well rounded team of artists to take care of whatever tattoo or design you have in mind. The shop is clean and bright and fun to hang out in, they have the best movie collection I've ever seen and play great music for you to enjoy while you're gettin' your ink on. Friends don't let friends get tattooed anywhere other than 27- so go there, friends!If you want proof of the amazingness that is Anthony's work, I will be posting a picture of the tattoo that I had done less than a week ago. Check it out and then stop looking for a tattoo place already and go to 27.
4	I'm hesitant to give them 5 stars only because I received my first tattoo here and have no frame of reference, but aside from that, I loved it!  Apryl was super friendly and accommodating, and the shop was really clean and open feeling.  I'll definitely be going there for another tattoo!
5	What can I say about 27 Tattoo that hasn't been said already? This place is amazing.I had a half-sleeve done last year by Apryl and she is beyond talented and super nice. I get compliments on my tattoo where ever I go. The shop itself is clean, and always seems to have a good movie on the TV.You can't go wrong getting work done at this place.
5	I love this place!I can personally attest to the great work that Jason puts out, and have seen lots of other great work in progress by all the other artists. Apryl and Anthony are both very pleasant, greeting me when I arrive and giving me a warm goodbye when I go. The shop itself is very clean with lots of interesting artwork and things around to look at. This is not a "walk in and pick a design off the wall" joint. Each artist seems to have their own style and strengths, from amazing color work, to ridiculously realistic portraits. I think it is safe to say that there is someone here who would be able to do anything you could dream up. Parking can be a little awkward occasionally. I kind of expect that when I go anywhere near Downtown though.Highly recommended! Thanks Jason (and everyone else)!
5	What a beautiful studio, so clean, so bright.   2 of us girls were getting a tattoo and the 3rd came for the fun of viewing.   We had booked with Anthony as he is great with fonts.   So, poor Anthony had to deal with the 3 of us girls chit chatting his ear off, but we got him to crack a couple jokes!He was very detailed and ensured we both like the size and placement of our tatttoos.  He has a very light hand and probably the easiest painfree tattoo I have gotten.  (it was on my foot)  4 days later it is healing great and looks amazing!I'm looking forward to getting my next one at 27 Tattoo!
5	As long as 27 Tattoo is open, I will not get a tattoo anywhere else.
5	Where to begin...It all started as a youth on Long Island, NY, Plainview specifically. A rather unsavory family lived at the end of the block, but one of the kids in this family had a mohawk, like a real one. This is the mid-80's mind you. So seven year old self runs home and proceeds to proclaim to my mother that I want a mohawk. My mother immediately does what any good mother should do when a seven year old boy makes such a request, she said no. Emphatically. So she agreed to a buzz cut.Fast forward eight years. Now I am an impressionable youth in Phoenix. I want my ear pierced. Where did this rebellious vein come from? So, again I ask my mother. This time I am presented with what can only be described as a Herculean Task. My mother, thinking she got one over on me, tells me the only way this will happen is if my father gets his ear pierced as well. A few of you have met my father, not the ear piercing type. YET, HE AGREES!!! Take that mom, sorry mom. I got one and then I ended with three total a few years later. Now I just have two.I'm getting to the actual review, hang on.I have always wanted a tattoo, but could never settle on anything I really wanted on me forever. I didn't want some trendy tribal or whatever. Well after having the old heart broken a few times, being told I can let my emotions come through in all parts of my life, and just being a softie in general, I figured it out one night with *The Dallas G.*. Over drinks I sort of blurted out I really wear my heart on my sleeve. Lightbulb! I decided. Finally. I would get my heart on my sleeve. I settled on a design and since 27 Tattoo Studio is in my building I figured I would go there first to see what this was all about. I spoke with Apryl one day about what I wanted to do, where I wanted it, and the colors. She was more than accommodating and we set an appointment. The studio is not what people would think of when it comes to a tattoo shop. Bright, clean, cool memorabilia, and always some 80's movie playing on the big screen. She gave me a time table, price quote, and we exchanged some emails going over the design. The day before I stopped in and went over the sketch Apryl came up with and it was exactly what I wanted. I was super excited for the next day. I was the only one downstairs when I got my tat, which was good because I thought I might cry. Apryl put me at ease and told me it wouldn't hurt, I didn't believe her. She started and it didn't! Well, the whole process was about 3 hours and Apryl was gentle. I am very pleased with the entire experience and will be going back to Apryl and 27 Tattoo Studio for my next project. Stay tuned!
5	I can't say enough GREAT SPECTACULAR WONDERFUL KICK ASS things about 27 Tattoo Studio and specifically, Apryl! I have gotten tattoos for 12 years, and my experience with Apryl supersedes any other tattoo by far. Not only is the work LEGIT, I mean, my tattoo Kicks Tattoo Ass, but the studio is beautiful, clean, and well thought out, they are professional and it's obvious that giving QUALITY tattoos in their first priority. If you are getting a tattoo in Phoenix, breezing through the area, or want a tattoo you will be in LOVE with for life, get your soon to be inked ass to 27 Tattoo and get in Apryl's chair STAT.
5	Wonderful, beautiful, professional shop.  One of the best I have ever been too.  The atmosphere is relaxed and everyone is very nice.  I had Apryl tattoo me and I couldn't be happier with my piece.  She was great to work with and understood what I wanted. The detail is amazing, the lines are perfect and the color is vibrant.  It was about a 4 hour session and she made sure I was comfortable the entire time, allowing for breaks whenever I needed them.  Looking forward to my next piece here already.  Highly recommend.
5	My wife and I had an excellent experience at 27 Tattoo Studio.First, their communication is fantastic. I originally submitted a question by email and they were quick and thorough in their response. They answered all of my questions and helped me set up appointments that fit our schedule.Second, the studio itself is gorgeous, clean, and really quite interesting to visit. The layout and ambiance are unique, and everyone we ran into there was cool.Third, the quality of the work is really top-notch. We were actually tattooed by a guest artist, Ryan from Chicago. We are so happy with the work he did that we've already started trying to figure out when he might be coming back to Phoenix. The resident artists at 27 Tattoo Studio are excellent as well and I wouldn't hesitate to be tattooed by any of them.Getting tattoos can be a scary experience. Whether you are getting your first tattoo, or are trying to find a free space on your body for your 30th tattoo, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this shop.
5	AMAZING artists! Very clean and professional. Really displays a wide variety of high quality tattoos. I would go to them any day :)
5	Received my first tattoo here and it was great experience.  I showed Anthony a general idea and he took it from there.  He came up with a very nice piece and we knocked it out.  Definitely recommend.
5	Apryl and her team of artists gave me the best experience I could have ever asked for while preparing and receiving my first tattoo.I searched all over town and after considering a few other shops, stumbled across this one on line.  Most people told me not to get my first tattoo from someone who wasn't personally recommended, but the reviews were just too good and after our initial consultation with Apryl, I knew this was going to be a perfect fit.  She was able to take what was mangled up in my mind and turn it into an incredible piece of art that I'm happy to show off to anybody who asks.The shop was super clean, the artists were all very helpful and willing to give their opinion on your ideas, and weren't afraid to say "no" if I wanted to try something if they thought it wouldn't look good.  They take a TON of pride in what they do and it shows based on these reviews and the pictures on this site.I wouldn't consider getting my next tattoo anywhere else in town.  Period.  Great people, clean shop, incredible artists, friendly and patient.  Apryl has me hooked now, so I'm sure I'll be back soon, but if you're looking for a cool shop with the best artists in town, this is the spot.
5	My first experience with body art could never have been better. First, the shop's location is a perfect reflection of their business, classy yet very contemporary. The minute you walk in their door, you just know you're getting quality treatment and service. For the uninitiated, meeting Apryl will make you self-conscious thinking you might be in way over your head. But fear not, they are professionals. She was honest to admit that my choice wasn't her forte. So she refers me to another talented artist. Communication is key. I told @tattoosbycerny what I wanted. And he made it better. The actual process was topnotch too. Work area was neat and in order. Sterile packages were opened in my presence. Handwashing was carefully done. The whole thing was just so professionally done. @tattoosbycerny was also very accomodating if you were having discomfort. My 5 x 10 in tattoo took 2h45min. The finished product surpassed all my expectations. Aftercare instructions were carefully given. The best part was I thought I PAID A BARGAIN for what I got. I don't know if I'll ever get another tattoo. But if this is the only piece of art I'll ever have on my person, I'm am extremely pleased I got it at 27 Tattoo Studio.
5	Got my first tattoo here last week and couldn't be happier with the experience. Anthony was really helpful with choosing fonts and text size, and was really great at walking me through the process. The tattoo turned out great. My friend had a piece done by Cerny which turned out phenomenal. Everyone is really friendly and flexible. Can't wait to go back!
5	Clean, friendly, and talented. Awesome place.
5	After more than 18 years of debating what I wanted to get permanently scared into my skin I finally selected Apryl at 27 Tattoo Studio.Most of those 18 years had been spent trying to find the perfect tattoo, one with deep meaning.  I found that I could never find an artist that could match my high standards for these lofty ideas I had for my first tattoo.  After a dramatic shift in paradigm I decided to select an artist I liked and forgo the idea of a deeply meaningful tattoo. I actually found Apryl here on Yelp and saw some photos of her work and was blown away.  Her color work and shading are amazing and now that I've had my first session I was amazed at her skill. The detail in her lines, the great shading and how clean her work was over all has left me wanting more.I can't wait for my second session to finish up this tattoo and I'm positive I'll be going back to Apryl again and again for future tattoos.
5	I have since been back to have Apryl color on my body. Once again amazing experience! I had one larger piece completed over two sessions and a small quote done the same day I discussed it with her. A friend of mine asked for a reco for his new tattoo and I sent him right to Anthony and Apryl. They took care of him and he is thrilled with how it turned out.
5	Great shop!! Apryl took care of a cover up that was done by another artist...she touched it up and guaranteed the work...good experience and great customer service!!!
5	I am a little late on my review, I've had my tattoo for about seven months now. I did a ton of research on local tattoo shops and artists before finally finding Apryl at 27 tattoo. The art that I wanted was full of color and probably not the easiest to accomplish, it was based on some local street art of a cat that I found. I asked Apryl during our consultation if she could incorporate some of my own cat's patterns in to the artwork, and she was more than happy to go the extra mile to do so. She asked for a few photos of my cat to help her get an idea of her exact color and patterns. It was a long wait between the consultation and my actual appointment (over a month), but I know that if you want quality work done then that is to be expected sometimes. It was well worth the wait, Apryl completely exceeded my expectations and seven months later I still can't stop looking at my arm and the beautiful artwork that Apryl did. I would recommend this shop to anyone, both for quality and for customer service. I'm looking to get another one soon and I may very well come back!
5	My girlfriend and I went in to get a very personal tattoo after we had to send our beagle to a farm to chase rabbits. Anthony took copies of the paw print impression that we had and talked to us about what we wanted. He made suggestions on the style that we had never thought of but fit perfectly with what we wanted. He copied the shading perfectly, the coloring was great, and I am very pleased with the work done. The shop is very clean and comfortable, the artists open the sterile tools in front of you, and every member of the staff was friendly and professional. I highly recommend 27 Tattoo Studio and I will definitely be going back for more work.
5	Very clean and nicely decorated shop. Friendly staff. Awesome work done by Jen! Will definitely be going back and recommending as well!
5	Came in to check out the shop and check out some portfolios... Met was Jen, she was awesome! I really didn't know the route I wanted to go with on my arm, one being that the crap I already had needed to be fixed and I just didn't know what else to add. Right off the back she starts firing off some great ideas and had me hooked! So needless to say I set up my appointment and ready to get this done so it's not so embarrassing to wear short sleeve shirts. Lol
5	A little late but had sometime today to post my review. My appointment was with Jen set for Friday (04/25/14), but due to her prior appointment showing up late, she was kind enough to let me know and ask if it was possible to change my date to Sunday due to a cancelled appointment which would give her the time she wanted to dedicate into fixing my horrid tattoo and adding the stuff she help me put together to due a piece on my left arm. Let's just say I'm glad i did, spent have the day there at the shop, got there about 1pm and was there until 7:30pm. First the master piece she created to put my tattoo together was simply amazing! She then started by fixing the nautical stars I currently have, which just by fixing the outlining pretty much made them look 1000 times better, and went to town on the rest of it. Her creativity is amazing, her lining is amazing, and her artistic style is amazing! did I forget to mention that she is amazing?!!?? Hands down Jen is an amazing tattoo artist and I am really glad she did mine! During the session I did tell her I hated her but that was the pain talking and the fact that everyone at the shop, including herself, couldn't stop talking about these amazing crepes and nutella. You start to get hungry when someone is inking up your body.I was once told, you see people having no problem spending 200-300 bucks a weekend to go out and eat and drink, but when it comes to marking their body that will last forever, not want to spend a dime. Basically coming down to it, you get what you pay for, you want to spend 50 bucks on a tattoo, then you're going to get a 50 dollar tattoo. But if you want someone who has experience, artistic style, and all around amazing work!! Then i suggest you spend the extra $$$$ and get with a quality artist who will leave you in awww! Jen's rate is VERY reasonable, and for the fact that how good she is I'm surprised I didn't pay more! So if I was you, I'd take advantage like I'm about to do, before she becomes and internationally known artist and can charge whatever she feels like!! LOL :-)P.S. I do have pictures but I will have to post them from my phone for the fact that I'm writing this review from my computer.
5	I have been tattooed at three shops in Phoenix and felt that I hadn't really found the right one or the right artist. Let me say, 27 Tattoo is where it's at.Back in February, I met with Apryl for a consultation. She was professional and really patient in writing down exactly what I wanted and listening to what I was looking for. What we planned was a big shoulder piece, several roses and flowers covering my entire back shoulder and onto my arm. Fast forward a couple months, I came in today and was feeling nervous about the size we had originally planned on. I still was wanting the entire piece, but was having cold feet about the size of it. Also, I should preface this by saying that every time I go get tattooed, I get super, sweaty-palms, bright red, shaky voice nervous. Not sure why, it's good nerves and excitement mostly. Going into my appointment, I knew I was hesitant about the size of the piece we had planned out, so I let Apryl know I only wanted to do one rose today and then add on once I get comfortable with the placement on my body. I was so afraid of offending or making her irritated. I know tattoo artists work so hard and put their everything into the designs they make, so I didn't want her to think I was having cold feet about her design. She was completely SO understanding, patient, and cool with it, which put me at ease for the rest of the appointment. This was so comforting. Apryl nailed EXACTLY what I was looking for. After months of looking at different styles of floral tattoos, what I had verbally expressed to Apryl was translated into a BEAUTIFUL beginning of a piece. I was blown away by how intently she listened to what I was looking for in terms of color and feel. I plan on going back and adding more and more to it and I know I am in good hands with Apryl. I'm in a beautiful love affair with my newest tattoo. Absolutely smitten.
5	From concept to execution, I couldn't have asked for a better tattoo or overall experience. People stop me all the time to compliment my incredible piece by Anthony. Everyone at the shop is great and I felt completely comfortable through the entire process. I recently moved to Utah but will definitely be back to collect more amazing art from Anthony.
5	Our whole family just got matching tattoos to honor our late family member who was killed three years ago. Anthony and everyone at 27 Tattoo were amazing. Our tattoo was simple but meaningful and Anthony was so wonderful with helping us decide where to put it and how it should look. We will definitely be back for more tattoos in the neat future!
5	Best tattoo shop in town hands down. This studio has the best artists in the state. The shop has a awesome vibe in it from the moment you set foot in the shop. If your thinking of getting a tattoo, finishing a tattoo, or getting a coverup this is your shop look no further.
5	27 Tattoo Studio is a place I would highly recommend. Very clean & great customer service. Jen Imler did my coverup and she did a amazing job, she is TRULY a artist. Jen listen and understood exactly what I wanted. As a Interior Designer I have a very picky eye, and I couldn't believe how talent Jen are, I'm so  happy I found her. I would recommend her to 100% There are good tattoo artist out there, but Jen has that extra talent of making it into perfection.
5	thanks to Yelp, I was able to carefully select the best tattoo shop there is! couldn't be happier w/ the result. I have a tattoo done about 2 years ago by a friend and it needed a touch up for sure. it came out looking a million times better than before. Anthony is awesome!  looking forward to future appointments here :)
5	Oh tattoos...why do you hurt so good?So I just moved from California and away from my usual tattoo artist (who is great, BTW. If you're ever in San Diego and want some ink, stalk my profile and find out who I got most of my work done from) and I wanted a piece done before I started my job out here. So, obvi I came to trusty Yelp and checked out what my virtual homies had to say about artists in the area. After checking out several places, I stumbled across 27 Tattoo and Apryl. I contacted Apryl via email about setting up a consultation about what I wanted, and upon being in the shop and taking a look at her work, I went ahead and put down a deposit to get it done. I was super duper lucky in that she had a cancellation so I ended up getting an appointment the same week (SCORE!)Apryl is super professional, has great "tattoo table-side" manners and does PHENOMENAL work. I never thought I'd cheat on my other tattoo artist but I was totally wrong (sorry other dude). Healing process went great, and most importantly I LOVE my tattoo. I can't wait for her November/December schedule to open up so I can book my next one. Apryl, you ROCK!
5	I've been looking for a new artist as my regular one moved away. I was referred by 3 of my friends and I gave Apryl a shot!! She is cool as ____. She helped with my graduation tattoo in honor of ASU and all my friends love it..
5	This place gets it. Like another reviewer said, from the initial concept and consultation, to the tattoo appointment and completion - this is how the tattoo experience should be. First off, the studio is very clean and well taken care of. The vibe and decor of the place is super fun and not the typical cliche tattoo studio. Apryl was awesome. I was both anxious and nervous to see my design for the first time but she nailed it at first sight without any adjustments. I let her chose the colors and I am glad I did, as she chose perfectly and better than I would or could have. She worked quickly but gently. She truly is an artist!I wouldn't go anywhere else in the future.
5	Absolutely awesome experience. Traveling through on business and decided I needed a new tattoo. Anthony managed to work me in and did a fantastic job. Nice atmosphere with some amazing artwork on display too. I'll be back.
5	27 Tattoo Studio is the kind of place I want to get all my work done. I walked in and immediately felt very cared for. Matt did my work and made sure that I was comfortable and in the loop throughout the entire process. He gave me two great pieces and the price was great for the high quality of work I received. I will be back, and will recommend this place to everyone!
