5	Matsuri is a yearly festival that takes place in downtown Phoenix every spring.  I have been attending (and volunteering) at this festival for more than 5 years and it's grown overwhelmingly in that time.Matsuri started as a major showcase and auction for koi owners in the valley but it has grown to a big event that's enjoyable for everyone.  The festival features vendors selling native and pop-culture items from Japan, a display of Bonsai and fine art, and entertainment of martial arts, music and fashion.Keep an eye on the website for dates and information.
5	Well, it's ALMOST that time of year again. My favorite celebration... aside from Thanksgiving and Halloween. It's Matsuri. Yeah, the parking rates around heritage square are pretty hefty when a big event like this rolls around. But it's totally worth it. I mean, when and where else in Arizona can you stuff yourself with steamed-right-in-front-of-you nikuman, take photos with samurai, see a kimono fashion show, feel really thankful you're out of high school and no longer as susceptible to the weirdness of cosplay, buy a hapi coat, pet a bunch of shiba-inu, marvel at bonsai trees that are older than your grandmother and watch almost 60 people wail on taiko drums? OK, I'm a little biased about the drums. But hey. We get quite a crowd, so other people must like it too. ;)
5	I made it out there by my lonesome yesterday. WICKED COOL! The drumming was amazing, the swordsmanship was cool, and the guy sculpting with wax was pretty neat. There was a large contingent of anime cos-players out, and it was fun to see all the costumes. And check out the Buddhist Temple's stand for some of the best yakisoba in town.
4	Awesome festival. Crazy costumes, fun performances, lots of souvenirs, bonsai trees, crazy anime kids, and lots of food. The boy and I went Sunday and it was outrageously busy. We walked around for a while, picked up some steam buns and kaluei (?) ice, and did some people watching. It was a good time.
4	Great festival!  Because my husband lived in Japan for several years, we had to go both days this year.  Ate, watched the entertainers, ate again, went through the booths, ate some more.  You get the idea.If you are planning on a meal, I would suggest going late morning or late afternoon.  The food area was horribly crowded from about 1-3.  My favorite things this year were the drummers, bonsai trees, and getting my name written in Japanese calligraphy on a very pretty paper!It's over for now, but there's always next year!
4	Don't have much to say other than it was a great time.
4	This was my first time at a Matsuri and I really enjoyed myself.  We downloaded a program at www.azmatsuri.org so we had an idea of what to expect.  We came into the Square just as Kyo Rei Taiko Kai, the taiko drummers were performing.  They were powerfully rhythmic and their performance was captivating start-to-finish.  Next, we hit the food booths.   The crowds for the food were enormous and if I had gone to the festival starving I would have been really annoyed by the time I made it to the front of the line.  Fortunately, I had the foresight to have a snack and bring lots of friends.  We found the best strategy was to divide and conquer, bringing the spoils of our line victories back to the group to share.  I hit the AZ Buddhist Temple booth for a few perfect, freshly steamed nikuman ($2 ea.) and chilled edamame ($1.50).  My husband split off to the Nagasaki Grill booth for cold somen ($5), a marinated tuna bento box that included a tasty fried chicken skewer, gyoza and a pickled slaw ($8).  At the same booth my brother picked up a bento box of chicken curry with sticky rice, plus the chicken skewer, gyoza and slaw ($8).  All of the food was exceptionally good, but the chicken skewer that came with the bento box was my favorite of everything I tasted.  After eating we walked the tents and displays.  Masks by Zarco had a booth displaying masks and mask jewelry but their most interesting exhibit was the parade of warriors in the demon masks.  We enjoyed the Shiba Inu dogs, the Bonsai trees and the sand garden demo at the Japanese Friendship Garden booth.  All in all it took us about three hours to see everything.  If I could change one thing, I would wish that the festival had a little more of an educational aspect but then, I'm a nerd.  So that's that.  I just would have liked to learn a little more about where the traditions we were seeing developed.One more tip:  Consider taking the light rail if you can.  There's a stop at 3rd St & Washington that's convenient to the park.  Event parking ranged from $10 to $14 in the garages and surface lots.  Yikes!
3	Even though it was rainy and chilly, we had a fun time at Matsuri.  It's a two day festival celebrating Japan.  The event is held at Heritage Park downtown.The food was delicious, and there was about 10food vendors to choose from.  There were even more merchandise vendors that I imagined there would be.  I ended up purchasing a wind chime, a couple bonsai trees, and a sushi making kit.  It was a little pricey, but there were many options to choose from, so not so shabby.The musicians and performers were truly amazing.  I can not recall the name of the group performing with all the drums, but they were so exciting!  Please go check this our next spring if you don't have plans!  Make these your plans.
4	Being big fans of Japanese culture, the lovely lady and I were quite excited to discover there is an annual 'Festival of Japan' in downtown Phoenix. The Japanese are cool people... let's get this straight... whenever you come across something in life that is awesome; nine times out of ten you'll find yourself saying "Hey... I think that started in Japan". (My blatant love of everything Japan is probably coming through quite loud and clear here...)Even though it was quite rainy the weekend of the festival, we decided it was still worth it to brave the harsh weather (harsh weather = it was sprinkling, and there were a few small puddles to hop over... hey it's Arizona!). We went on Sunday and despite being a little worried that they'd be wrapping everything up... the festival was pretty much in full swing. There were probably about 50-60 vendors sprinkled around and in Heritage Square (In case you didn't know, as a point of reference Heritage Square is where Pizzeria Bianco is). On top of the vendors there were probably 8-10 different food places, some offering extensive menus and others offering more specific things. The high point of the vendors for us was the bonsai trees... which were so damn cool... we've known about bonsai trees for a long time but somehow seeing these ones in person made us leave with a "must get a bonsai tree" mindset. The food was pretty tasty... we indulged in quite a few random things like mochi, spicy noodles, a chicken skewer, and some shaved ice. The food wasn't jaw droppingly good, but it did the trick and was pretty good for what it was. The main reason you should go to this though isn't the food or the vendors... it's for the dyn-o-mite people watching! The cosplayers were out in full effect for this and there were all sorts of weird, wacky, and flat out interesting outfits. If seeing overweight middle aged men dressed in odd ninja outfits and young women randomly sporting furry tails sounds interesting to you... then you'll probably have as much fun as we did. I sure hope this festival continues, Phoenix really needs more local flavor like this throughout the year to keep things interesting... we'll definitely be back next year!
4	Had a great time on Sunday at the Matsuri with my friend. We tried a couple different stands' food and Kirin Wok's was the best and the Kilauea Ice was quite yummy! The booths offered items such as fun t-shirts, to anime items, clothing (including kimonos and modern Japanese inspired pieces), jewelry, decorative items, plushies, bonsai, swords, etc. I thoroughly enjoyed the taiko performances as well as the traditional dancers.It was relatively crowded, but not overly so and the weather was nice for the event. It felt pretty well organized and definitely a fun place to people watch. There were several cosplayers and people who dressed up in general which was intriguing to see. Parking wasn't bad and overall we had a good time.
4	Just got back from this year's Matsuri festival, which is in its 20th year! Plenty of vendors selling everything from Hello Kitty to manga to bonsai trees. This year is a little smaller than previous years, but go with an open mind and a sense of adventure and you'll be pleasantly surprised by what the vendors have to offer.If you're on a budget, do yourself a favor and just go to look. When you find something you genuinely like, ask the person working the booth for a card, or where their store is located. Nearly all the participants are here in Phoenix or have a website where you can buy their merchandise, and it won't be marked up for the festival.Stop by Roka Akor and pick up their card for a complimentary appetizer!
3	The festival seemed a little smaller than what I expected, and I didn't find a lot to peruse when not looking at various food booths.  They had a lot of local Japanese restaurants selling food, such as Nagasaki Grill, Paradise bbq, and Arai Pastry, which was nice but I am close enough to all those restaurants that I could just buy their selections any time at their restaurants.  I think I've been too spoiled by the Japanese festivals in San Francisco, since the food selection here was more limited and there wasn't as many booths to buy things from.  I did like the cultural shows, such as the taiko and the martial arts demonstrations, and the shaded area with the bonsai and akitas was nice.  I think in general though, if you don't live close to Japanese restaurants or haven't had a lot of immersion into Japanese culture, this is a good way to introduce yourself to it here in Arizona.
5	This was my first year going and it was so fun and exciting.  I enjoyed the drummers, food, and especially the beer garden.  Also, the anime costume contest was fun as well as the sword deomonstrations.  What talent and skill and a very beautiful culture.
5	We stumbled upon this festival but accident but had a delightful time.  Nice entertainment, friendly vendors and even though the weather was quite windy that day, we still enjoyed the company of bonsai trees and people dressed in costume.  Why are people dressed in costume?  I have no idea ... just b'c anime is Japanese doesn't mean you should dress in anime costume to a Japanese festival but it's all good.  I like to people watch.
