4	Nestled amongst the dreary grit of Mesa's industrial district, Mickey's touts a specialty that's slowly gathering a diverse fan base:  Mexican-style hot dogs, *WRAPPED IN BACON*.Mickey's serves traditional Mexican fare that's pretty good too.  A serve-yourself condiment station loaded with salsas and peppers stands in a customer accessible area.  A light-eating friend of mine comes here for low-buck lunches, and claims she can transform a pair of one-dollar quesadillas into a complete meal by covering them with ladle-fulls of complimentary salsa.Mickey's has a tiny indoor dining area, but compensates with a small outdoor patio that faces MacDonald Street.  You order inside, then pick up your hot dogs from a mobile cart that sits outside the entrance.  The bacon-wrap combines with Mexican seasonings and a panaderia-style hot dog bun to make an interesting taste treat that's unlike any hot dog you've ever had.  Size-wise, the hot dogs aren't massive...picture a slightly plumper than normal dog on an average length bun.  At two-fifty each, a pair of them make a five-dollar lunch that'll satisfy most light to normal appetites.  The downside?  This is Arizona....evenings on the patio can be nice, but summer heat can make outdoor dining downright uncomfortable during the day.  Other odd quirks?  The guy running the hot dog cart has a ghetto blaster....and blast it he does.  Stranger yet, don't come  here looking for bacon-wrapped goodness at lunchtime....a sign behind the counter warns that hot dogs aren't available till after 4:00PM.Prices?  Relatively Cheap.  Quality? Better than average.  Ambiance is minimal, and the surrounding area is utterly devoid of neighborly charm.  Still, a new taste treat that sets you back only five bucks doesn't come around that often.  My advice? Make your way down to the corner of Broadway and MacDonald.....after 4:00 PM.
5	Everything mentioned by the review below is true. However, it forgets to mention that Mickey's not only offers Bacon, but a choice of Beans, Mayo, Chile, Salsa, cheese, cream, etc. Also, they offer a diverse choice of drinks, mostly inspired by the bottling of down south. Horchata included.I came here a long time ago after being disappointed by what people know as Tex-Mex?!  Anyways, not important as the pictures do all the talking.Also, excuse my short and un-insightful review as I really haven't written anything in a good while.
5	Excellent Sonoran-style hot dog: bacon wrapped with beans, tomato, mayo, mustard, etc. As good as the best I've had in Tucson (el Nene, Ruiz), and better than Moreno's down the street (they are not bacon wrapped as a Sonoran dog should be; Mickey's are).
4	Mickey's Hot Dogs is a slightly gritty Taqueria during the week. Ironically, The guy with the mesquite and the grill doesn't show up until Friday! Sonoron Dogs rock! I have to be the first to confess that mayo in a squeeze bottle DOES wierd me out a little, but the bacon and cheese thing is pretty yummy! If you come during the week for the taqueria, be prepared for everything from lengua to barbacoa etc. Really down home, good salsa but not fresh hand made tortillas.There is really no atmosphere. It is a little gritty. The food is worthwhile.
5	I am NOT  EVEN a hot dog fan but this is no ordinary dog . Wrapped in Bacon you say  ! Mmmmmmm. Being back on the east coast it would be worth a trip back to AZ for one of these great dogs . Not a fancy place but WHO CARES ! This place was fantastic all the trimmings you can ever imagine & the service was superb ....love this place .
4	I probably should have given this Sonoran hot dog 5-stars because it tasted awesome but since this was my first Sonoran hot dog(I have been searching for one) I didn't have anything to compare it to. The restaurant was clean and the staff was friendly. Easy access to I-60 which made it very convenient since I was just traveling through the area and stopped only because I had seen the reviews on Yelp.
5	Thought they had closed down. Not so! Just a new sign. Also, closed on tuesdays.Excellent Sonoran-style hot dog: bacon wrapped with beans, tomato, mayo, mustard, etc. As good as the best I've had in Tucson (el Nene, Ruiz), and better than Moreno's down the street (they are not bacon wrapped as a Sonoran dog should be; Mickey's are).
5	I stumbled upon this place by accident, and now will never go anywhere else for a hot dog.  The absolute best!
4	Found this place on Yelp. I came by to pick up some Sonoran Hot Dogs to take to work. Fail! They don't serve hot dogs until after 12pm. It was 1130am and I didn't have time to wait. I saw Caramelos (meat and cheese sandwiched between 2 tortillas and crisp up on both sides) on the menu and decided to stay and order a couple of asada ones hoping they were as good as the ones from  BK in Tucson. Very tasty and almost the same but I still like BK better. Maybe because I got it to go and by the time I got to work it wasn't very crispy anymore. The asada was flavorful and not at all fatty. It definitely hit the spot. The restaurant decor, signs, menu, and logo reminds me a lot of BK, too. Hell, even their condiment station offered very similar stuff. I will go back after 12pm one day to try their hot dogs. Even if those suck, I'd still go back for their Caramelos. Quick fix without having to go all the way to Tucson.
5	Last summer I had my first sonoran dog down in Tucson.  Last night I stumbled upon Micky's right here on Yelp and was psyched that sonoran dogs were to be found in my area.  Micky's is a small joint that sells dogs and Mexican food and it's all cheap.  I ordered two sonoran dogs, paid and took my receipt outside to the man at the patio grill where he cooked up my dogs.  Delicious...just like the ones I had in Tucson.  I cannot wait to go back.  These small joints are always the best.  Viva Micky's!
3	Way too expensive for a hot dog.  Confusing to eat there too unless you can speak Spanish.  Last time I checked I wasn't in Mexico.
5	We went last night for the Sonoran dogs. They were outstanding. As one Yelper said, it's the best bun she's ever had. They taste like butter and so pillowy soft. We each ate two plus had horchata (which was just eh) and were stuffed.It does look like one of those joints where you think, "This is gonna make me sick". And yah, it wasn't the cleanest. But it was really, really good. The bacon is thin, I believe, so it cooks up faster on the grill. Note: it's a CASH ONLY place. Plenty of parking.
3	My first Sonoran hot dog.  Overall, good.  I was nearby for a convention, saw it on Yelp and stopped.  I would not necessarily go way out of my way to visit, but if you're nearby, give it a try.  Oh, and the cabeza tacos are also very good.
4	After reading that they have caramelos I had to go!  Its a small place but was able to sit inside & it was clean. I had a caramelo & a hotdog. Boy was it good! My husband had the carne asada tacos & pastor torta & he liked both. They have a nice condiment bar with limes,onions, pico de gallo, jalapenos and some other stuff. It was fresh too. The price cant be beat either.
5	This place is the SHIT. I just recently found it driving through Mesa, went home and yelped it  And found out they were making sonoran hot dogs ( ***Lord, please let these be good so I don't have to drive 220 miles roundtrip once every 2 or 3 months by myself just to have a proper sonoran hot dog and drive straight back***) and these things called caramelos.These sonoran hot dogs were just as good if not better than el guero canelo down in tucson. In fact I would say they were better. I never had a caramelo before, and I still don't know what the technical difference between them and a quesadilla is, but after eating one I will now be naming my first child Caramelo, boy or girl. Eating these two food items were far and above more satisfying than having sex with a chick who is a 10. In fact I almost busted a nutt after my first bite of the caramelo. Which ironically will end up saving me a trip to the doctor because I was beginning to think I needed Viagra as of recently. Oh, and this place is cheap as fuck. If our currency ends up experiencing hyper-inflation and losing almost all its value, this place will probably still be affordable.The reviewers below, geoff, kelly, and gary who gave this place only 3 stars must have brain damage.
4	Went back and the horchata was delish. Hubby had street tacos and thought the flavor was great. I stuck with my faves, the $2.50 desert dogs. Get two, really.
5	Awesome hot dogs! Today was my second time at this place and I'm definitively coming back.. The bread is amazing just like the ones in Sonora state! Thumbs up to this place, you need to order the hot dog with everything... Yummiii :)
4	Since moving from Tucson I have been in search for an authentic Sonora hot dog. Mickey's is the closest have come across. Well worth the trip into Mesa a couple times a month to get my fix!
5	The best Sonoran hot dog I have ever had!  Well, it's the ONLY Sonoran hot dog I have ever had, but it does not stop them from being crazy good!  Fully loaded, they have so much stuff on them that they are practically a salad (and you know that if it is a salad, it must be healthy).
5	I lived in Tucson for 12 years before moving to Tempe. As such, I've eaten many Sonoran hot dogs at the best known places (El Guero Canelo, BK's etc). Micky's are the ONLY Sonoran dogs I've found in metro Phoenix that are comparable to the Tucson greats. In fact, I think Micky's makes a better hot dog than El Guero Canelo (gasp!). Since El Guero switched their buns from normal to gigantor sized bolillos, their balance has suffered. Too much bread relative to the filling. Micky's are just right. Combine that with mesquite grilled hot dogs with nice, chewy charred bacon and a green hot sauce that's actually hot, and you've got something. The only down side is that you don't get a grilled chile on the side. I've never had anything else here, so I can't comment on the quality of other items. I can't imagine they're bad if they do a hot dog this well.Also, I always get the "what are YOU doing here, gringo?" look from the staff whenever I go, particularly from the lady that runs the place. That might be offputting to some people, but for me it just reinforces the fact that I'm in the right place to get REAL Sonoran food.
5	Their sonoran dogs are delicious and only $2.50 apiece! This is the only place I have had them so I don't have much to compare them to but I think they are AMAZING.I really enjoy their tacos as well, and they are only $1.35 each. I love that they have the salsa bar set up with pickled onions, avocado sauce, sliced limes, and pico. Did I mention pickled onions?!? That is something I am only used to getting at nicer, sit-down restaurants. They really make the tacos.Glad I don't live super close or I would be here all the time. CASH ONLY!
3	Maybe my expectations were too high or something, but I don't know what all the fuss is about a Sonoran style hot dog. While very tasty, it is nothing more than what we call here at home a "TJ (Tijuana) style" hot dog. I'm sure the Sonoran dog came before they did the same dog in TJ and Mexicali, but the only difference between the Sonoran and a TJ style hot dog is that the Sonoran's bacon wrapped hot dog is also topped with beans, whereas the TJ's bacon wrapped dog does not. Very tasty I will admit, but no real extra WOW factor added, especially when you take into consideration the $2.50 price tag for one.My son had a carne asada quesadilla, and to be quite honest, this quesadilla impressed me more than the hot dogs did. I don't know what they put in the cheese or what they did to the carne, but it was basically crack, because it was addicting! It wasn't huge, but wasn't small. But the meat to ooey-gooey cheesey goodness was nothing short of perfect, and its simplicity, yet its complexicity made it even more mind boggling. What kind of cheese wast it? Oaxacan? Monterrey? I don't know. My palate isn't that refined, but I don't know how they made something so simple taste so darn delicious. The cheese was perfectly melted. Melted, yet thick. Like the cheese that you have to pull off from the wrapper of an In-N-Out double-double or from the roof of a pizza box. Let's put it this way..........my son didn't finish it, and we reheated it at the hotel the next day, and it was still good!The only reason I gave this establishment 3 stars instead of the 4 I wanted to give it was because the service INSIDE sucked. Outside, the young man making the hot dogs was quick and efficient. INSIDE, the lady taking our order didn't seem like she was in the mood to either deal with us, or to be there period. We ordered the hot dogs and the quesadilla at the same time, yet I had to go ask her if she put in the order for the quesadilla. She told me I didn't order one, and then had to check her hand written receipts against the cash register's because she probably didn't believe me, and 15 minutes later, she found it, and then asked me if I still wanted it. Hell yeah I still wanted it! I paid for it! With that being said, I'd come back here next time I visit my cousin to give that lady another shot and to try their tacos and/or tortas.
4	Damn good.  Just try one hot dog (and/or a taco).
4	Sonoran dogs here are yummy.. I love their buns almost like a croissant. I order my hot dogs with no mayo and the small quesadillas are great too. Their horchata is a little more creamy - I thought it was good. Small hole in the wall and they only accept cash.
5	Sonoran Dogs-Yum! Horchata.... Bottled Mexican sodas....this place makes me miss trips to mexico
3	Good, cheap Sonoran dogs. Not quite up to the Tucson standard, but it's the best you can get anywhere else. I'll be back because I like this place's style.
3	Located in a colorful Small Shack on side of the road in a sadly depressed industrial area of Mesa. You may see people pushing a cart with their belongings or scrap metals at a slow pace while humming a cosmic tune or talking to an invisible companion from outside this realm.Inside this small wonder they offer an assortment of tasty Tacos, Burritos, Tortas, Quesadillas, and Sonoran Hot dogs. Fresh Salsas are made daily and displayed along with pickled red onions, radishes, and other yummies at the Salsa bar.I had to try the bacon wrapped Sonoran Hot dogs loaded with everything and some Tacos al Pastor on the side just to see if I was missing anything. I really liked the Mexican style hot dog bun that was used. It was sweeter than your normal grocery bun. Very simple and tasty. Don't forget a trip to the salsa bar to dress up you dog or tacos which helps kick the flavors up a notch. Service was friendly and quick and inside was clean and tidy.Definitively A-OK and then some. Worth the drive when you need a Mexican Style Hot Dog. CASH ONLY. Delicioso!
5	Was hungry for a late night snack and looked through yelp for some good eats. Read the review and decided to give Mickeys a try. Never had a Sonoran hotdog before coming here and I gotta admit I fell in love with it! The taste is sooo good it'll make you jus want more. I give this place 2 thumbs up and will be returning for more. Although a word of advice, it wouldn't be hard to know a little Spanish when entering this joint...felt like I was in Mexico again. All in all great place and budget friendly.
5	Best sonoran hot dog in Arizona. I've been to the places in Tucson and around the Phienix metro area. None of them come close. $2.50 for a meal in a bun, can't beat that. Cash only so plan ahead. The carne asada burrito is darn good too if you're not a hot dog fan.
5	Very good sonoran hot dogs for a decent price.  Interesting location, but food is worth it.
5	Will fly from NY to AZ any day of the week for their sonoran dog! I would pitch myself a tent right outside their stand and have a sonoran dog every day if I could. Super yum!
5	We have been there twice now. Everything from the Sonoran hot dogs to the tortas are delicious!
5	This is the second time I've been here & all I can say is that the hotdogs are the bomb! It's a small joint, but worth the $$$.
3	I think I've been spoiled with LA hot dogs.  The ones outside the clubs late night because when I ate Mickey's I was not impressed.  The tacos, however, were really good!  They have cabeza which a lot of places don't serve.  I would come back for my taco cravings!
4	Terrific.  Had one of the Hot Dogs and a Taco al Pastor.  Wonderful flavors, and filled me up nicely.  Great little place!
5	The name threw me. Thinking it was a hot dog joint that had sonoran hot dogs I went to try some. Turns out they have very good Mexican food at very reasonable prices. Dogs are great but so are the tacos at only $1.35 a piece!
3	To start this place is in a sketchy neighborhood and only accepts cash. That said it looks a little run down when you walk in but the did just score an A on a health inspection in August. The caramelo was mediocre - it needs more cheese and to be crisper. The tacos are boring! The carne adasada was ok flavor wise but a little dry. The Sonoran dogs- not the best in the state (head to Tucson for that) but for sure the best I have had in the Phoenix area. The service was a little slow (about 15-20 minute wait) and since I don't speak Spanish there was limited interaction. At the end of it I say go but just got the hot dogs!
5	All the reviews here are true. For $2.50 I challenge anyone to find a better tasting and more filling hot dog. I eat a Sonoran dog here every couple of weeks and I haven't been disappointed yet. Also the horchata and caramelos are really good too. I've had Sonoran dogs from the famous El Guero Canelo and a few other spots in Tucson and this place makes them better than EGC in my opinion. For the best Sonoran dog I'd go to "Aqui Con El Nene" in Tucson. Their place is a homemade shack on the side of the road but their food is no joke.
5	Occasionally you'll find yourself in a pickle, and you'll ask yourself, "Do I want Mexican or American?" The correct answer to this age old question is both. Mickey's serves scrumptious bacon wrapped hot dogs with as many toppings as you want, but the real surprise lies inside where the south of the border comes alive. Bring cash, make sure to try a pastor taco, and prepare to be in ecstasy.
5	Ahh! Had my 1st ever Sonoran hot dog today and it was really good,service was A-1.I believe the owners of the place served us,very friendly and accommodating for the dog,I sat down inside at a table looked at the dog,Yup thats a Sonoran dog alright,then I took my first bite,oh boy thats good!  lots of different flavors going on and they were all good,then I eyed the roasted pepper that came with the dog I stripped off the meaty parts and placed the pepper on the dog and took another bite,it was heaven! not terribly hot but very flavorful and the bun was the best I've ever encountered,I'll be trying the famous Sonoran dogs of Tucson in the near future I just hope they are as good as Mickeys
5	I was just saying the other day thatI want a legit Sonoran Dog, and glad I found a spot that serves them up. Now I'm no math major but 2.50 for a delicious loaded Sonoran Dog=great deal
4	Found this place b/c of Yelp and glad I did.Great Sonoran hot dogs.  I got two and was uber full.  The first time I went I recall less than optimal communication.  I asked how many types of dogs they had, and the answer was "how many?".  Today was the 2nd time and things went much better.  Very helpful and once again a great meal.  I also feel like it was a bit cleaner this time, maybe they straightened up or repainted.It is in a below average neighborhood but worth the adventure.  Go for the food, not the ambiance.
4	I live like half a mile from here and sometimes being in the ghetto has a plus lol love the tacos. Can eat like 5 or a hot dog or two. Bring cash no cards accepted.
1	The hot dogs are great, but if you are not hispanic they are rude.  They are closed on random days, like someone who just doesn't want to work that day.  If you can find them open and someone who is not rude, its worth it.  Its very sad that you have to feel out of place because you are not hispanic
3	Decent dog. Rolls were nicely steamed and they have a decent mayo topping. Good hangover food.
3	Don't get the wrong idea about this place it is absolutely Mexican food, so don't think it is some quaint little hot dog stand. They have one Mexican style hot dog that is pretty good but the rest is tacos, enchiladas, burritos ek cetera. The clientele is primarily people from the neighborhood the seating area is very small unless you count the patio which is as big as the rest of the seating area. Don't be surprised if they're closed the seem to take a random vacation days.
3	Good hotdogs. Super busy today (Thursday night) and super slow service. 40 minutes for 3 hotdogs...maybe they should have more people working because there were only 2 and that included the cashier. Other times i've been there its pretty quick service so i probably just went on one of their busy nights. I also had a "caramelo" which was sooo good! The carne asada is tasty there. I think next time i'll get carne asada tacos.
5	Best Mexican hot dogs in town!  Small but cheap, so buy two for a meal!
2	Okay hot dogs........ticket times way to long! Mmmm bathrooms right by entrance kind of gross.
1	Gross!  Was so excited to try the Mexican hot dog and it was extremely disappointing.  I thought the bacon would add a lot of delicious flavor to the hot dog but it didn't.  The dog was tasteless as was the bacon.  Not sure how that happened.  the sweet bread bun was also very odd tasting with the hot dog.  Ive never had a mexican dog before so Im not sure if thats normal for the bun to be sweet but it really didn't work for me.  The whole thing left a horrible, awful taste in my mouth.
4	I came here for the hot dogs. I came for just 1 and ended up getting another one. Yes they are that good. The bread and everything combined is sooo delicious. I also got the horchata which was on point. It's good real good I must try if you haven't had.
2	Used to go here almost every other day when I first moved up here, for one simple reason it was good (not like the ones back home). Went there the other night and tacos were extremely cold!! Hot dog wasn't as good as before, wasn't bad but wasn't good. If mickeys is one of your options go with the other place, if mickeys is your choice then it's s win either way.
5	Mickey's Tacos is awesome! Their Sonoran hot dogs are awesome and their other food is wonderful. It looks like a very small unassuming place, but the food is worth the trip!
5	I went to Micky's a couple years ago, and their Sonoran hotdogs changed my life. They are so good! I get cravings for them all the time, but don't live in AZ. Life is a little hard sometimes.
