4	I am conflicted about writing a review on a well-known chain but I was really impressed by their online ordering service. I needed to order pizza for my team at work and was able to submit my order online a day in advance. You can select the date and time you need the pizza by. This location opens at 11am on Fridays and need at least 30 minutes to complete the order. As a result, I specified 11:30am and I got a phone call at 11:25am, Friday, letting me know they were at my company's security gate. I was very happy that they were early. I don't know that I have EVER gotten pizza delivery early. The website is designed very well to allow you to customize your pizzas for half/half toppings, crust cooked a certain way, and lists all of the specials they have. And they had alot of specials! I loved that I could order however much of their garlic sauce that I wanted. Papa John's isn't the best pizza I have ever had but it was pretty good, priced reasonably and the order process/customer service was excellent. This location had it down pat. I highly recommend it.
2	Ok....so I was hungry one night and decided to order some Papa John's Pizza online.  I've done it before 100's of times....but it has been several years since the last time I ordered from PJ's online.  I ordered a large Sausage & Pepperoni Pizza.The Pizza was delivered in a timely manner....however, after the guy left and I opened the box in the kitchen, I saw that it was only a CHEESE Pizza!  Dammit!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/AoKRsxts46M2bCIqBukirg?select=t06CHUYESOoosWqYRkj7ewhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/AoKRsxts46M2bCIqBukirg?select=ScT-S7CASvjOnb_pO3BUdwSo disappointed!  I called them to tell them about it and they said that the order shows it was a Cheese Pizza and that they've been having a lot of problems with their new website with this type of issue.....did they offer a discount for a future order?  NO.....how about a replacement Pizza?  NO....what the hell?I was starving, so I begrudgingly ate the Cheese Pizza....and you know, it tasted "bitter".....Next time I will order via the phone, if I call this location again....IF.Return Factor - 10%
4	Ordered a pizza recently due to not wanting to cook at home after a long day at work.  Stopped by the store, not busy at all, placed an order, told that it'll be ready in about 15-20 minutes, left to meet few friends that were having dinner at the near-by restaurant.  Stopped by back after about 25 minutes and the pizzas were waiting for me.  Don't even need to tell them what pizzas I ordered, they knew right away.  Friendly staff, won't push you for ordering a larger size.  Good location near Scottsdale Airport.  I shall be back again here.
