5	So it's Saturday night and you're looking for a great place to have rattlesnake?  Well this is it!  Besides fantastic steaks, etc. they have a really wonderful rattlesnake appetizer.  Tastes kinda like fried calimari.  A little chewy, a little crunchy, and oh so yummy.  They have a strolling guitar player / singer who will cinch the "romantic western Saturday night trying to impress a date" evening.  Sit under the stars and palms and just mellow . . .
4	My folks are in town and i was looking to show off some of the "Southwestern" flavor to them. So, i did some research and this little steakhouse came up and looked promising. And so it was on.Its situated inside of a Hilton Squaw Peak resort, just pull in and keep driving until you come upon it. It has a little parking lot surrounded by great cacti, shrubs and palms. Very cool and cute looking, with HUGE purple prickly pear cactus upfront (I am so jealous!). All very well maintained and looking real nice. Once inside, we were promptly seated and attended by the waiter named "Quick Draw". In 2 minutes we wanted to change tables because of the horde of raging 3 year old, and he was totally cool with that and did not give me a look or anything. So, service was really good then and through out whole dining experience. Food was good and plentiful. Their sizes are not  to be joked around - they LARGE! Everything we ordered tasted quite good and seemed to be fresh and well prepared. Drinks were good and honest as well. Even dessert had a bit of "Southwest" flavor to it, as we ordered smores, which you make yourself at your table. That was kind of fun. Ok, so, how come not all the stars? Its in resort by the pool, so there are people in stretched T-Tops and beach wraps, which kind of semi ruins it. Of course there are also wild yells of retards in the pool, and that does not help either. And of course above mentioned raging children, which are always experience killers. With all that said - It was not bad at all. As we came for dinner, tank topped people were at minimal, pool yellers only were heard a few times, and we hid away from the "Ankle Biters" in the corner. Go there for dinner. Get a table by the fire pit on the patio. Gaze at the stars, munching on your meat. Stare at the mountain silhouette on the background while sipping on your margarita. This is the life you CAN get used to."I like"Eugene
4	picture this: sitting poolside in a cloud of giant mist eating fried rattlesnake served to you by waiters with names like 'johnny siloh'  great daiquiries to boot, but you may need to ask for another shot of rum if you're crazy like we were.i hear brunch is quite tasty, but can only vouch for the snake.
3	Don't worry if you're a little wary of the Pointe Squaw Peak at first. It looks like the year 1972 had a baby with an Old West tourist trap. But they will thankfully spare you mock shootouts and panning for gold. Crusty exterior aside, there's some pretty cool stuff here, not the least of which is the Hole in the Wall restaurant. Though it's straight out of Frontierland from the front, the cool ranch house interior has better withstood the test of time. Flat screen televisions for your spectator sporting pleasure did not hurt this cause. If outdoor dining is more your thing, the ample palm-ringed back patio overlooking the resort's pool has a festive feel and is extraordinarily comfortable. Our big ol' group was well served by the friendly waitress, and though we just ordered cocktails and a boatload of appetizers, all the fried things in the shape of a stick or a ball were done well. It wouldn't be the last meal of my life or anything, but if you're just looking to relax on a lazy afternoon, it's a hell of a spot to grab grub and some drinks.
1	mediocre food at best and too overpriced for the lack of quality.  although my pulled pork sandwich was ok, 3 of my friends had to send their plates back because they were cold.  one of the steaks was completely undercooked.   i'm not a picky eater, but what i did notice about my experience was the ultimate lack of customer service on behalf of our waitress "kitty".  she just could not be bothered with the table and that is what ultimately set the tone for the experience.  she could have definitely made my score maybe one star higher, but the manager's offer of "a free desert", did not make things any better.  overall, i would never recommend this place to anyone even staying at the hotel! phoenix has far too many amazing restaurants in the same price range than to settle for this place.
4	We stayed at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak for four nights...ate here twice, and picked up food to go twice. Everything we had was tasty and well-done. I liked the New York Gorgonzola sandwich the best, as anything with creamy horseradish is spot on in my book. The au jus seemed better the first time I had it. We came back for s'mores with the kids one  night. We were kind of hoping to do the marshmallows over the fire pit outside but there were a few people who may have posted on here previously who looked at our kids in horror. The server rushed over and said they're not allowed to serve marshmallows over the fire pit -- they bring a small burner right to the table. We still had fun and the old fogies outside enjoyed their drinks in peace.Oh - prices are a bit on the high side but that's to be expected, i guess, at a resort. Bottom line - the food was good!
4	Given that this is a resort restaurant, I'm willing to overlook the kid-inspired western decor. The Hilton has a grown-up restaurant on site too so head over there if shoot-'em-up western is not your thing. The landscaping at the Hilton is beautiful and the view overlooking the pool melts your troubles away.Their dinner menu is full of creative, native-inspired dishes (A+). For dinner, I ordered the pan-fried trout with wild rice and corn. It was pretty darn good. DH had the chicken fried elk, also very good. The kids ordered off the little buckeroos menu and for some reason, one recieved a hearty burger, while the other ended up with a measely chicken skewer (minus one star for that one).The breakfast buffet was also full of interesting interpretations of cowboy breakfast foods. I especially enjoyed the vanilla-pumpkin cornmeal porridge and buscuits + gravy. The kids filled up on french toast and fresh fruit.
4	Saddle up, Cowboy!!!Technically only 3.5 stars, but I'll round up for great service and great view overlooking the pool area and some nice hills.Ate here for breakfast, lunch, and had some drinks.Breakfast:-Overpriced for quality. Had an omelette with chorizo and jalapenos.  Both ingredients were lacking in flavor.  Coffee was also just ok.  With tax and tip, paid 20 bucks for these things.Lunch:Much better than breakfast.  Had a burger with blue cheese and bacon.  Great flavor and size!  Accompanying fruit was tasty.  Hubby had the pulled pork sandwich, which was fairly tasty.  Sweet Potato fries were ok.Drinks:-Spicy Bloody Mary is good. Honey Hot wings were pretty solid too.Overall a nice place to grab some food if you're staying in the resort.
3	Good place to grab a bite at the Hilton resort. The service was extremely friendly and the BBQ was pretty good. I had a pulled pork sandwich with sweet potato fries. The pork was extremely tender and their BBQ sauce had a nice kick. The decor carries the theme of the resort (western) and the views of the mountains and hills from their spacious patio are great.
1	The food and service at this place SUCKS....Stay away if you are thinking of having your Thanksgiving or Christmas dinner here.I've been to the Hole in the Wall several times to see an old school bluegrass band called Joshua Stone. Joshua Stone is the only thing at the Hole in the Wall that I have anything good to say about.Service here is terrible. EVERY time I come here it's like I'm invisible, I mean our group, is invisible. How do you fail to notice the group of anywhere from 5 to 10 people? In one instance, there were 10 of us and we all ordered drinks, food, and smores. All the drinks and smores came and some of the food so we figured the burger would be coming out soon. No big deal or so we thought. After about 10 minutes we realized the burger wasn't coming so we ask the waitress where the burger was and she, in a somewhat irritated tone, was like you guys didn't order a burger and we were like yes we did. She continued to tell us we didn't order a burger and finally we were like, ok, just bring us a burger and fries. 20 minutes later the burger shows up and it was good. But what really chaps my ass is that they had the nerve to charge us for it. Now I'm not looking for a hand out, but come on isn't that customer service 101.On to my next rant about this establishment that should be called the S**t Hole in the Wall.We went there for Thanksgiving dinner expecting a fantastic buffet. Now keep in mind my girlfriend and her family have been going to this "buffet" for like 10 years or something crazy so all I've been hearing about for the month prior to Thanksgiving is how wonderful this buffet is. Ummmm, can you say terrible. where to start. Trust me keep reading. 1. No buffet. It was changed to "family style." Last time I checked family style was a choice of certain things and then the food keeps coming until you are done. NOT HERE. As the waitress said, "we can bring more food, but would have to charge you. REALLY!!!2. Waitress didn't give a damn. we waited probably 5 minutes before or drink order was taken, we didn't get plates until about 2 minutes after our food came, when we complained about the stuffing that was as dry as saw dust she just took it from our table and didn't replace it with another side. Oh and when we were ordering we asked about what tasted good and she was like I haven't tried any of the food. Come on Man!!!3. Desserts were a joke. it looks like they were bought from the Circle K and they were served cold. Cold apple tart and pecan pie. Not good.4. Manager never showed his/her face. maybe there was no manager, after all it was a holiday....lol.5. Lastly, well there is alot more but I'm over it, but this needs to be mentioned. Our server tried to double tip us. The tip was included because we were a table of 10, but we split the bill and when it came she added the tip in again. She should have been fired, but again the manager was non-existent.Summary.....don't waste your time here unless you are going to see Joshua Stone and only want drinks. I'm done.
2	Sat in the bar area and enjoyed talking with the bartender and other patrons, the food however wasn't very good or memorable.
1	The food and service at this place SUCKS....Stay away if you are thinking of having your Thanksgiving or Christmas dinner here.I've been to the Hole in the Wall several times to see an old school bluegrass band called Joshua Stone. Joshua Stone is the only thing at the Hole in the Wall that I have anything good to say about.Service here is terrible. EVERY time I come here it's like I'm invisible, I mean our group, is invisible. How do you fail to notice the group of anywhere from 5 to 10 people? In one instance, there were 10 of us and we all ordered drinks, food, and smores. All the drinks and smores came and some of the food so we figured the burger would be coming out soon. No big deal or so we thought. After about 10 minutes we realized the burger wasn't coming so we ask the waitress where the burger was and she, in a somewhat irritated tone, was like you guys didn't order a burger and we were like yes we did. She continued to tell us we didn't order a burger and finally we were like, ok, just bring us a burger and fries. 20 minutes later the burger shows up and it was good. But what really chaps my ass is that they had the nerve to charge us for it. Now I'm not looking for a hand out, but come on isn't that customer service 101.On to my next rant about this establishment that should be called the S**t Hole in the Wall.We went there for Thanksgiving dinner expecting a fantastic buffet. Now keep in mind my girlfriend and her family have been going to this "buffet" for like 10 years or something crazy so all I've been hearing about for the month prior to Thanksgiving is how wonderful this buffet is. Ummmm, can you say terrible. where to start. Trust me keep reading. 1. No buffet. It was changed to "family style." Last time I checked family style was a choice of certain things and then the food keeps coming until you are done. NOT HERE. As the waitress said, "we can bring more food, but would have to charge you. REALLY!!!2. Waitress didn't give a damn. we waited probably 5 minutes before or drink order was taken, we didn't get plates until about 2 minutes after our food came, when we complained about the stuffing that was as dry as saw dust she just took it from our table and didn't replace it with another side. Oh and when we were ordering we asked about what tasted good and she was like I haven't tried any of the food. Come on Man!!!3. Desserts were a joke. it looks like they were bought from the Circle K and they were served cold. Cold apple tart and pecan pie. Not good.4. Manager never showed his/her face. maybe there was no manager, after all it was a holiday....lol.5. Lastly, well there is alot more but I'm over it, but this needs to be mentioned. Our server tried to double tip us. The tip was included because we were a table of 10, but we split the bill and when it came she added the tip in again. She should have been fired, but again the manager was non-existent.Summary.....don't waste your time here unless you are going to see Joshua Stone and only want drinks. I'm done.
2	Service was slow, food was just ok, and prices were really high. We were staying at the Pointe Hilton, so it was convenient, but next time we'll get in the car and drive somewhere else.
4	This place has a great atmosphere if you are looking for someplace laid back. The staff was very nice, and the food was good too! Prices are a little higher then expected, but the food was still good. The mac and cheese with green chilies is AMAZING!
4	This is a great place to go for lunch or dinner if your in the area.  It is also becoming one of our regular "stay vacation" destinations for dinning when we stay at the Pointe Hilton Resort.  Restaurant ~ decorated with plenty of "cow poke" decor everywhere with a rustic saloon kind of feel to it.  It's very clean and they have a huge patio that over looks part of the swimming area. They have a nice but somewhat small bar area with a TV if your not into the western thing.Service ~ everyone is very friendly and attentive to their customers.  Not sure why some Yelpers have been treated differently but we've been to Hole-in-the-Wall several times without any issues and find their service to be very good! Food ~ They have changed their menu over the past couple of years and we miss a few of the exotic things they used to offer.  Their current menu has a very good variety choices to choose from.  If you like ribs, they have some very good tasting ribs with a good smoke ring.  If you and your guest are hungry I would suggest getting their Backyard Feast for two.  It is a bottomless plate of BBQ goodness starting with salads, ribs, smoked brisket, smoked chicken and some side dishes.  This is one of those dinners to where you skipped lunch earlier and your ready to belly up to some good eats!  We like their smoked and gilled salmon with a three chili peach chutney and fried green tomatoes.  Yum!   Don not forget desert here!!  They may talk you into their creme brulee, which is delish or their house made warm donuts served with a chocolate creme sauce which is also very tasty, but just say no and go for the make your own s~mores!  We have a blast cooking (charing) our marsh mellows over the little open fire they bring to your table and then smashing the melty-marsh-mellowy goodness between two gram crackers and a piece to chocolate bar!  It's loads of fun!  Pointers ~ Ask them about their dinning package.  When you stay at the Pointe Hilton Resort you receive two $25 vouchers upon check in to be used towards your dining experiences.  They have a really fun swimming pool, great resort and a really neat restaurant ~ Hole-in-the-Wall!  Plan a "stay vacation" and enjoy one of the fun "gems" Phoenix has to offer.  May be we will see you there.
4	The BBQ rocks!  They serve a great macoroni and cheese, and if you are up for Chicken and Waffles have them too. Make sure to drink it up with some margaritas and lounge at nice outdoor area.
5	When I get the urge to eat out, I'm normally drawn to more laid back restaurants where I can sit back, chat, and enjoy my meal.  With a relaxing atmosphere and fun menu (Chicken & Waffles, and S'mores for dessert), I definitely enjoyed this place.  My first time here was for a Yelp event so I was able to try just about everything.  My favorites would have to be the mac & cheese and the beef brisket--both delicious!  I'd say they've got their BBQ technique mastered, at least where the brisket is concerned.  And the cornbread is probably the best I've had--so happy they handed out the recipe at the event.  The service was great; everyone was friendly and very helpful.  I was satisfied with everything here and definitely would come back--and probably leave with tasty leftovers!
5	I found out this little hole in the wall (not really hole in the wall since its owned by Hilton) during a Yelp Elite event a few weeks ago.  I had a great experience trying out their experimental menu that I decided to give it a shot for dinner.We sat outside in the coutyard with a great view of the pool and palm trees.  It felt like we were in a small little resort away from the state of Arizona.While we waited for our food, we got some yummy freshly made kettle chips with a garlic ranch type of dip.  I ordered the half chicken and my friend ordered the beef brisket.  She enjoyed her brisket, and my chicken was heavenly.  The chicken was slow cooked and tender to perfection.  I ordered my food with a side of black-eyed peas and garlic mash.  The garlic mash has to be one of the best I have ever had.  To finish it off, we had a sweet creme bruelee.  Since we came during a Yelp event, we both had coupons of $15.  We were able to use both coupons and pay a grand total of $10 for the bill.
4	Ate here for dinner last night during Squaw Peak's annual summer splash promo. I had the pulled pork sandwich. I can usually base how good something is by how much of it I leave behind... usually.  That being said, I cleaned off my plate down to the last fry, mainly because I was dipping everything in their BBQ sauce. It could have been that I was really hungry or it was really good, you'll have to try for yourself. Only 4 stars because our server took a while to get our check and to return my card. Then again, with 2 tired 2 yr old twins crying, everything seems like it takes forever...
4	I have been here in years past, and this place has gotten better.  Pulled pork was good, brisket and pork drummets were very good.  ok mac and cheese, I would get something else next time. The chocolate covered donuts were really good.  Ribs were overcooked, people say fall off the bone ribs this usually means overcooked and it was definitely the case here.  The sauce was good enough to cover up the dryness, but there are good things on the menu besides the ribs.
1	Went to eat there after hearing about how good their strip steak was. We were staying at the pointe and had our two kids and two of their friends with us . After being seated by a nice host we were greeted by our server. She seemed some what rushed although there was no wait tonight. After letting the kids and my wife order I requested the strip steak. I was informed there was none left . I was given no alternative or substitute which left me with a choice of doubling my meal price to a 24oz rib steak or something else. Well the only reason I chose this place was because of the steak. So after I gave the server some time to offer an alternative she just left with everyones order but mine.  After no service for around 10 min I finally asked for the manager. He was nice but offered no solution other than I order the $46-$48 steak or I could wait while he gets a steak from another restaurant . Which was nice but meant I eat after my family was already done eating. I suggested giving my the rib steak as a half portion and he answered me with "then what do I do with the other half of the steak"!!!!! I could not believe he actually said that. So with my wife and  4 kids finished eating I was just getting my meal. When the bill came is expected some sort of courtesy (maybe comp. some of the beverages) , nope. In fact we were charged full price for everything and had a 18% gratuity added to the bill already. I was hoping maybe it was just a server having an off day, but when the manager see's fit to make a comment like "what do you expect me to do with the other half of the steak?" I am convinced it is more about poor leadership.Overall the experience was very bad the service was poor and we will never again eat there. In fact I will be telling everyone that I know not to eat there. We will eat off property during our next stay at the pointe squaw peak.
4	What a fun place!  If you're in the mood for some bbq or steak, this is a great place to try!  I loved the western atmosphere, and the food I tried was all delicious.  I LOVED bbq chicken, but pretty much everything I sampled was up to par.  Also, if you're staying here...the pool is awesome.
1	We placed a takeout order from this restaurant while staying at this resort over the 4th of July weekend.While we were paying for our food, we asked the hostess if there were paper plates in the bag with our eating utensils and she told us they were out. Great - wish we knew that before we chose to eat there. So, we walked across the property to another restaurant where they were at least able to hook us up with food baskets lined with wax paper.Upon returning to our room, we discovered that we had no utensils to eat with and they shorted us two orders of mashed potatoes. The good news is they reacted fairly quickly, sending someone directly to our room in less than ten minutes.The food, however, was far from good. I specifically ordered the jalapeno coleslaw because it sounded interesting (and I like spice), but it had no flavor resembling jalapenos whatsoever. It wasn't bad tasting, but what you actually get is not how they are marketing it on the menu.The pulled pork didn't have a lot of flavor and came with no sauce at all. The meat was tender, but was very dry - not moist like good BBQ should be. Mashed potatoes were okay. The 3-cheese mac 'n cheese was not that great. When my kids order macaroni and cheese at a restaurant, they usually end up with Kraft - which is fine for kids. When I order 3-cheese mac 'n cheese, I expect something that is going to taste quite a bit better than something out of a box, but this stuff was not good at all. It didn't taste that great and the consistency was strange.When I can smoke pork on my Weber grill at home that is better than a resort restaurant, and they are marketing themselves as a "smokehouse" having great BBQ - that isn't a good sign. While I am usually willing to give most places a second chance, Hole in the Wall will not be one of them.If you are even remotely thinking about eating at this place while you are staying there, I would highly recommend you choose another restaurant.
5	Great food, and fun atmosphere. My family and I were even able to snap and take a wanted picture for 2 bucks. Wish they had places like it at home!
3	This was the perfect place for the family after a day at the resort.  The food was good, especially the barbeque chicken.  The kids menu was wonderful.  My only complaint was that the server really could not answer questions about the menu.
2	On the menu- tri tip steak and hot link with 2 sides, $22.  What I got- a skewer with 4 overdone pieces of tri tip and 4 small slices of sausage.  My daughter ordered a PB&J sandwich and it was the prepackaged sandwich still in the bag! Very disappointing.  The ribs were decent
4	Nicer than a hole in the wall. Friendly, attentive staff. Good happy hour drink specials until 7. Delicious chicken entree has a plentiful amount of veggies/side dish for the price.
3	Staying at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak, so I ordered take out from here. They don't deliver, but they will charge your bill to your room. (Strange, no?)Had wings and a half rack of ribs. The wings were NOTICEABLY salty which I've never experienced before, but it's probably to promote more purchases from the bar.The 'smashed red potatoes' that came with the ribs were good, and a big enough portion to actually be too much.But, the ribs. OK, I'm not in Kansas City or Texas, and a friend warned me (after I ordered).Not good. Very fatty, and not too much in the way of taste. I was disappointed as the restaurant was highly recommended for the ribs and brisket. I guess I should have gone with the brisket.Maybe just an unlucky order.
1	For a restaurant at a resort, this place was a disappointment. Customer service should ALWAYS BE NUMBER ONE....Service was not very good. I even think that we were bothering the waitress because she would not acknowledge us. So I got the attention of another waiter who ended up being our waiter....For the meal, I don't think Arizona knows how to make a fish taco....they should ask So-Cal....IMHO....You never put iceberg lettuce in it....just crappy, especially for the price! $4 a fish taco....The one star is for the peach tea....It was very good....Sorry Hole-in-the-Wall, you need to work on your restaurant skills....
1	Don't waste your time.  This restaurant is awful!  The WORST fish tacos on the planet.  Also, the margaritas taste like they're straight out of a can, yuck!  After not eating my dinner I decide to tast the Smores, I give that a solid 8.  Otherwise, save your money and go somewhere else to eat.
1	We had a high school reunion at Aunt Chiladas at night so the 3of my dearest high school girls and I decided to check in early. We met at Hole In The Wall and as we came in one by one from our various sides of town, there was at least a 5-7 minute wait for service PER person. We kept having to go find somebody by the pool to help us. What really was irritating was  we were at the bar! No bartender on a Sat afternoon at 3:00? The pool was open....what the hell? When we asked over and over for help, servers would just say ,"ok, ill go find someone"....none of them just stepped up and took our order. We hadn't seen eachother in about a year and now we were up and down, trying to find a server. Such BS! So we left, and vowed to never go back and I'm sure nobody cares. I know I don't.
4	Prices are what are expected of a hotel restaurant. My bbq ribs were good, the gf chicken was a bit dry. But who cares they have SOMORES.
4	Well, I've been a fan of this place ever since I tasted their Big Boy mac and cheese at Yelp's Western Adventure in March. I love mac and cheese but my husband is not a fan so when I got to sample this version that had beef brisket in it my first thought was "Edgar will LOVE this!". So flash forward a few months and we are having a staycaytion at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak and we stroll on in to the Hole-in-the-Wall for breakfast on our day of departure. Even though this dish was on the dinner menu and is usually served as a meal, not a side dish, the waitress talked to the chef and convinced them to whip up a small portion for hubby so he could try it. How cool is that. The service during our entire meal was fantastic. And I really enjoyed the Old West decor. There were a lot of authentic cowboy touches that made it feel real and not like a theme park.For our breakfast meals, the hubby ordered the Hole-in-the-Wall Breakfast which is A TON of food. We were pretty hungry so he polished off most of it and he said it was all really good food. I ordered The Sonoran which is scrambled eggs mixed with a lot of other good stuff: spinach, peppers, chicken, and cheese. It was so tasty! And of course I had to sneak a few bites of the mac and cheese... that stuff is soooo good! Our waitress kept our coffee cups full the entire meal and kept checking in but we didn't feel rushed at all. Overall, a great breakfast.
1	Our family of six stopped in for dinner on a Tuesday night at 5 p.m.  The place was dead (we were the only customers).  The menu options were limited but we were able to identify some items that looked suitable.  The kids liked the chicken tenders.  My fish tacos were below average when compared to others I have eaten.  The quality of service was disturbing.  Our waters weren't refreshed, our waitress was not friendly, and they slapped us with an 18% service fee in addition to any gratuity we wished to pay.  $48 for one entree, two kids meals, one side salad, and one appetizer.  It was a negative experience. We will not be going back.
1	Terrible. Sub par food. Sub par service. The only reason this place is still open because of the captive audience. Seriously, walk across the street to Gallagers. No. I don't work at Gallagers. This place suuuuuuuuucks.
2	I usually go to RIcos' for a breakfast meeting once a week but they were doing some remodeling. The kind people at Rico's spoke with management at Hole-in-the-Wall and set us up for a breakfast meeting there (or so we thought). When we arrived the hostess looked like a deer in the headlights. They were not expecting us and were not ready for 17 hungry people to be there at open. The entire time was an excersize in confusion and disorganization. The waitress kept saying that nobody was told about our party. Funny thing is, I was on my way to the restroom and overheard two employees talking about how they taught my waitress a lesson today...not sure what happened behind the scenes but oh well. I wont be back here to worry about it.
3	07/07/13The food and cocktail flyer my sister found (or was handed, I'm not sure which, for I wasn't there when she acquired it) mentioned specials from all the restaurants and bars there, and on Fridays through Sundays, Hole in the River and Rico's American Grill offer 20% military discount on both food and cocktails purchased there.  (Yes, even spouses of military personnel.)  I wish all restaurants delivered food to the pool area, but I suppose that could be taxing when it's too hot and a madhouse of people (moving from one pool to the next) outdoors.  We purchased a couple of cocktails from Slim Pickens, the grill and bar situated at the pool area, and I really enjoyed my "Black & Ginger," which was made with Capt. Morgan spiced rum, Cock 'N Bull ginger beer, and fresh lime, $8.  I wanted to order seconds!  We ordered food from Hole in the Wall (look for my review there soon), but ordered a Pound 'O Fries ($6) a couple hours later (swimming burns around 11 calories a minute!), and it was delicious!  I enjoyed the fries plain, which were simply seasoned with salt and pepper, but also came with ketchup and ranch dressing.  The Pound 'O Fries app was a big hit with everyone!While I saw many servers (dressed in turquoise shirts) darting in and out of the crowds, I never saw any nearby when we needed a drink, or wanted to order food.  There were water dispensers, with small plastic cups, all around, but if you want ice-cold water, you can get some from the bar.
2	My fault, I should have read Yelp reviews before entering. I would have gone elsewhere. Smoked chicken was dry. Mashed potatoes had no gravy and little seasoning. No bread or roll served with entree.
4	Despite the reviews it thought the service was excellent. The BBQ was probably average, but I gave it 4 stars because you could roast s'mores at the table...a little iron sterno pot with skewers and the works. Pretty novel and my kids loved it.
4	We came here for breakfast before spending the morning at River Ranch.  They have a great patio that overlooks the pool -- in the morning it was cool and there weren't many people swimming, but I could see that in the afternoon it could get very noisy.  Our server was Dee and she was so nice and personable, and always came around to check on us.  They had a lot of good options for breakfast.  I went with Chicken and Waffles, which was really two chicken tenders on top of two thick waffles.  I personally enjoyed the chicken tenders (they were seasoned well and not overdry) but I could see how purists would demand traditional fried chicken.  I was not a fan of the waffle and wanted something a little thinner with more crunch.  The chicken and waffles were accompanied by home fries and two eggs any way, which I got scrambled.  The homefries looked like they came from a frozen package, but they were crisp and had good flavor.  Their drinks come in cute little mason jars which I loved.  This place was not bad considering we were staying on the property and the convenience to River Ranch was great.  We thought our service was superb.  Probably wouldn't venture all the way back here just for a meal since it was a tad pricey (being a resort restaurant) and while the portions and quality were good, we probably would opt for some of our other favorite breakfast joints instead.
1	Kids' meals are $9 for a small bowl of Kraft mac and cheese or a grilled cheese sandwich. Same price as Rico's but in the middle of the noisy, drunk water park crowd. My meal was the same price as the kids' meals and I got a ton more food. The brisket sandwich was not appetizing, full of fat, and my mashed potatoes were cold. No effort seems to be put in to the food at this place. If you must eat on property, go to Rico's. At least you will get your money's worth.
1	Would not recommend. Food was mediocre and service was not great. McDonald is down the road save yourself time and money.
1	This place is absolutely gross.I'm very late in typing this up but what I can remover is the service was so bad that my whole family was joking around on our little get together for dinner that it took so long for them to come around at any time for any reason we could have left our table and no one would have even noticed. They had plenty of people waiting around twiddling their thumbs and the steak my brother and I both ordered was lacking flavor.Times like this make me wish I would have cooked for my family instead since I love cooking and baking and yes I can be a bit harsh on my reviews but I'm honest. To my family and I included will all agree  that this place was A definite first and last time at this place. When my dad likes a place some what he always always orders dessert. With my review given I am sure you can assume that we did not order dessert.
2	Had the jalepeno cornbread for an app ... decent but not sure it is worth the price. For dinner, I had the blueberry Salmon with broccoli on the side. The salmon was ok but the broccoli was ice cold. Our server was trying but I think he was new so he was very slow. Figured it wasn't worth the hassle to get hot broccoli. Prices are very high!! For 5 people, our bill was $140 and there was no alcohol on it at all. Do yourself a favor and don't go here ... there are about a 93874590375 better places in the Phoenix area.
2	The pool is 5 stars. The Hole in the Wall has a great lunch menu. The restaurant has a great setting, is good for children & families. When we ate there for dinner tonight I was really disappointed.  It took so long for them to get our food out. My ribs were tough & my husbands steak was really undercooked. We won't be back for dinner.
4	The service was great! I had a brisket sandwich and fries and it was good. I was not too crazy about the BBQ sauce on the sandwich, but everything else was good. The kids had Mac and cheese and received a cookie to go as part of the kids meal.
2	Don't order the fried pickles :/  If they weren't free with the yelp check-in offer then I would've complained.  Everything else was just so-so, but I guess not terribly bad for a hotel resort joint.  The ice cream sundae was tasty at least :P
2	Hotel is beautiful, however not impressed with this restaurant- mediocre  food, slow service, took forever for someone to finally take our order. Food was cold, I personally wouldn't recommend this restaurant or eat here again.
5	I always have a great time at Hole In The Wall! It reminds me of visiting Arizona as a child, even though we never stayed here when I was a child. However, it has the same vibe. Hole In The Wall is a great family-fun atmosphere. They have a patio that overlooks the beautiful pool and it truly makes it feel like paradise. The patio is perfect for a party or simply enjoying a night out with family or friends. Inside, the atmosphere feels true to the cowboy feel. The checkered tablecloths and Most Wanted photos add to the atmosphere and they serve drinks out of cowboy mugs. The food here is classic BBQ. I've enjoyed the BBQ Nachos with chicken, cornbread and ribs...all of which are amazing. The BBQ chicken is definitely my favorite. Hole In The Wall does a great job of making this a fun environment for all and it's a perfect place to visit regardless if you're staying at the resort or not. In fact, it's a great restaurant to visit if you aren't staying at the resort because then you can feel like your on vacation!
5	The barbeque was amazing, the ribs were meaty and tender, falling off the bone with a delicious sauce, and the quarter chicken was tender and tasty.  The atmosphere was so inviting on the patio with the live band playing that night and the pool area down below- it was a great night out with my boys - we were all stuffed and wanting to come back to try more.
4	Great little restaurant here. On a recent business trip several coworkers and I had the chance to enjoy the atmosphere and layout. Our first experience with the restaurant started with an outdoors barbecue sampling. Some excellent courses were offered. Inside the meal ls continued to be served out as well. Albeit I am not fond of the family - esque manner in which we were served I still enjoyed the overall layout and service.
1	The server was very friendly and fast.  She was really nice.  Unfortunately, the food was terrible.  The nachos sounded really good but came out cold.  The "white queso" was not even white...it was regular yellow cheese dip complimented with with cold and stale chips.  Seriously, it was terrible.  The "backyard feast" ($26.00) was less than impressive.  The ribs had a nice smokey flavor, but they were so salty my tongue is numb.  The brisket tasted like it came out of a can.  The potato was a little raw.  The server was great, but the food is absolutely terrible.
