1	This lady her name is Daniel she wasn't listen  to me  how I wanted her to cute my hair end up she got it wrong style. She was so hurry to finish it.  She also ark for tip! I would never go back to that place.
1	My son has been to this specific location between 6-8 times, being a college student at MCC across the street.  He's had to go back 2x to get haircuts "evened out", as family/friends noticed patches of unevenness.  This last haircut in early June, someone added $10 extra dollars to the credit card bill, over the original haircut (originally under $10 w/coupon) and $2 tip.  The charge on our bank statement came to almost $25.  Did the hair stylist pad her tip?Have been trying to remedy for over a week, with several phone calls and store visits.  I called again tonight, and was told that the manager said to just dispute it with the credit card company.  Now how lazy is that!!!  Wow...This store is owned by Carlos & Monique Artis, and they own the one at 4980 W Ray Rd in Chandler.  So monitor your bank statements carefully !!!  The staff and/or manager is stealing extra $$ on the side -- and the manager will make it extremely difficult for you to have it fixed properly!
1	I took my son here to get a simple buzz cut and how do u mess that up?!?! So was kinda up set because theres like a line of baldness if you will in his hair on the back of his head and have to wait till it grows out again. These girls are rude up until there fishing for that tip. I just left a dollar because of how rude this little girl was and seemed like she was in a hurry to get out of there because her bf was waiting in the car. Also Never pay debit at this place Carlos and Monica the store managers will take more then wat u paid for , never coming back to this place.
5	Had a wonderful experience!!!! We had just left a different salon because of the horrible experience we had, and didn't even get our haircut. I called an hour before closing and asked if they could squeeze in a couple of cuts. The lady on the phone was very friendly.We walked in and were seated immediately. The girls were so nice and personable. We got great cuts and had a fantastic experience. We will definitely be back in the future and will recommend this location to anyone in need. Thank you for the great customer service and fantastic haircuts!!! (Also at a much less cost then our first choice) We are super happy
2	I took my 3 year old son to Fantastic Sam's for a haircut and I can't say Ill ever go back. POSITIVES: It was reasonably priced.  There was no wait.  They gave out free lollipops and a token for the prize machine.  The staff was semi friendly.  It didn't take long to complete the hair cut. NEGATIVES:The staff was only semi friendly. The end results were a good reason that the prices are so low and why there was no wait. The stylist (if that's what you want to call the lady with scissors)  had no clue what she was doing. I'm thinking she completed beauty school thru correspondence courses.  Definately wont go back again!
1	Reported this salon to the BBB last yr for advertising $7.99 haircuts for kids and then charging me $9.99, even though I argued with them over the price. After the owner comped us a free haircut, I have gone back a few times. First of all, one stylist never cuts hair straight, necessitating a return trip, esp for kids. My adult daughter went in for a trim last week and started to have a minor seizure (she has Epilepsy) while getting her hair washed. The stylist grabbed her neck forcing her down to the sink and scolded her for moving and being uncooperative. What makes this worse is I think it was one of the owners or his wife. Okay, no more chances. The salon is usually clean and the wait is not bad, but that's all I can say that's positive. I have learned my lesson.
1	Do NOT get your haircut at this place! My boyfriend and I went there yesterday so he could get a haircut and it will be the last time we set foot in there. The woman who cut his hair did a terrible job, but that's not even the worse part. As he was getting his hair cut, a man and a woman with a service dog came in and asked to get a hair cut. As soon as the woman cutting my boyfriends hair saw the dog she very rudely told them that the dog wasn't allowed in the store. The woman with the dog (who seemed to have a hearing and/or visual impairment) politely explained that it was a service dog. The woman cutting my boyfriends hair again very rudely told them that the dog couldn't be in the shop and she was just doing what she was told. The man who was with the woman with the service dog told her she was breaking the law by refusing to let the service dog in the shop (which is 100% true). The woman told them again that the dog wasn't allowed in the shop, so the couple with the dog left. After they left, the woman was going on and on about how people lie all the time about having service dogs because they just want to bring their pets everywhere with them. The woman with the service dog clearly needed the dog to be a SERVICE dog, and it wasn't just a pet. I hope they sue this place for discrimination. The ignorance of some people is absolutely disgusting!
3	This place is great if u get someone with alot of experience.  Had a few pple with a yr experience and wasn't happy . But if u get Jody or Amy ur in good hands .
