5	This place has great food, great service, and a great location.  The food is super fresh and way less expensive than you would expect for food of this quality.  I should probably tell you how healthy the food is, but I'd rather point you to the desserts.  I don't usually get dessert at a fast casual restaurant, but they are so good, you need to try them.  I'm definitely going to head back again and again until I try them all.
5	Ate here for the first time yesterday and must say it's amazing. I cannot wait to come back. The staff is attentive and amazing. I had the rice bowl with white rice, noodles, and jerk chicken. It was so yummy. I am already craving another rice bowl!
4	Great little spot close to UNLV.  The menu is pretty basic and prices are great for any budget.  I had the Kahuna Burger with sweet potato fries.... YUM.  Very fresh and lite.  I would definately go back for more.
5	Ate here twice now. So good. Firt time my babe had the kahuna burger with pineapple and i had the orange chixken bowl. Very happy!! Get the full bowl its only a dollar more for twice as much! Second time i got a chicken club sandwich the bacon was the best ive had. My babe had the fish tacos and saix the pineapple salsa on them was great. They have lots to pick from eeven deserts. Had some mango ice tea which was amazing. Great location by the school easy parking. Will be back
3	if you are from hawaii, the food here are made for non islander natives. The kahuna burger didnt seem it was marinated, instead teriyaki sauce was just added. The luau pork rice bowl was okay, but i couldnt finish it because its taste is equal to  supermarket quality. The cheesecake with mango puree was the only saving grace. If you want an island burger, go to Bachi burger. If you want a ricebowl, go to Aloha Kitchen across the street or even jack in the box.
3	I had the Aloha salad with chicken and it was good. My husband had the tempura shrimp which I tried and it was good. They were really nice and friendly, I'd go again.
4	First time experiencing Rumbi Island Grill and I give it a thumbs up! My boyfriend and I had the Calypso Spinach Salad (mine with grilled shrimp and his with beef sirloin)- YUM! I ordered dressing on the side and ended up not needing it. The flavors from the grilled shrimp mixed in perfectly. Great menu, staff and pricing!  Looking forward to trying out other items!
3	This is like more of a burger joint then anything.  Today I'm trying the mango salad and shared some Rumbi fries with Jesse N.  He got the Luau burger I think that was what it was called, it was like Kalua Pork sandwich.  Well, I got the salad because I'm saving those calories for dessert.  I got my eyes on the mango cheesecake.    They are located right across UNLV.  Cute spot, reminds me of a haole version of Kuuaina's back home (I don't mean that in a bad way). Let me start off with Rumbi had served us with great customer service.  They were very attentive and suggested things on the menu since it was our first time.  Mango salad was pretty monstrous,  if your not a fan of blue cheese, you should ask for no cheese (I like blue cheese).  The mango was cut into itty bitty pieces.  They mix the salad dressing into the salad.  I think having the option to pour it on ourselves would be a better suggestion.Rumbi fries are perfect for those that want to get a mixture of both Sweet potato (crinkled) fries and regular fries.  Which I am one who can't decide between the two.  Its not out of this world, but convenient for an undecided person like me.  Suggestion however, not to add too much salt.  I might ask for the fries without salt next time.  Jesse N.  said the burger was okay, again said it was a bit too salty.  When he got his first one it wasn't that hot so he did return it to have it heated up.  But they were very kind and gave him a new one & made sure that he came back to enjoy another meal.  I didn't try the burger, just the meat from his burger.  Jesse will review it for himself.  Mango Cheesecake was delicious.  A cheesecake with Mango sauce drizzled atop.  Just the right size to share between the 2 of us.  I forgot to mention, their Ice Tea is delicious.  I went back to refill my cup before I left.  I love tea and having a tropical tea flavored one makes it even better.  Am I going to return, sure.  This place has a lot of potential to make it better.
4	I would have given this place 5 stars if I only had the kahuna burger. However I had the Kailua burger as well. They are both extremely delicious but I gave it 4 stars due to the Kailua burger's bun becoming really soggy the longer it laid out . However the kahuna burger was AWESOME , I recommend this burger because it was juicy, and had the right amount of sweetness. (Due to the pineapple) it's right across the street from unlv and its convenient and cheap! However I don't think the rhumbi fries were worth it. It's a mixture of normal fries and sweet potato fries . I only got about 5 sweet potato fries. For an additional 1.45 I think it was ?  Other than that , the service was great and food tasted awesome. :)Go to rumbi island grill if you ever want a delicious kick to Hawaiian food !
2	Food was ok, nothing fantastic. The staff was really nice and helpful though.
4	I normally do not ready review right after going to a restaurant but I definitely have to go ahead and do so here. I purchased a Groupon which gave me $16 worth of food for only $8(Which today 7/11/13 is still available!) . Today I forgot my lunch so I decided to go on my lunch break;  I ventured down Maryland Parkway to this restaurant. I normally go to Cafe Rio so this was a nice change.Upon entering it is a somewhat island themed restaurant with really nice colors. I really like how they use the past out along with the dark brown wood for their seating. I looked at the menu and they had a plethora of different food selections that you could choose. Although I looked at all of the photos on Yelp and they all look delicious I decided on the volcano chicken sandwich with regular French fries and iced tea.The volcano chicken sandwich is topped with Swiss cheese, cilantro Mayo, pineapple salsa, lettuce, and red onions. The chicken itself has a seasoning on it and is a rather large piece of chicken. It is perfectly grilled and placed in a delicious white bun. Now this bun is not your typical bun, it is a delicious artisan tight bun that is perfect for the large portion of chicken that they place inside of it , along with all of the garnishments that come on your sandwich.I got to work and took my first bite and I was literally shocked. The chicken was so tender and perfectly cooked and juicy, I didn't even have to put salt on it. For those of you who know me, I put salt on everything even before I taste it, it's a very nasty habit, LOL.  The regular French fries or cooked perfectly and seasoned really well, I didn't try the  sweet potato fries  but they they looked delicious. I opted for a drink and the cup you get you can bring back and I believe its only $0.25 for a refill the next time you come. I chose the iced tea and I lemon, I really liked the tea, it tasted kinda like hibiscus or a mango, super yummy!!I def reccommend going here and trying out their sandwiches, they also have daily specials during the week which include a drink!!
4	Food and service were good. I'd go back.
5	One Word Review: Yum
4	I really enjoyed my visit to Rumbi. I ordered a large rice bowl with steak, chicken, mixed veggies and white rice with teriyaki sauce. Not very daring of me and I will be a little more adventurous next time. Service was good and food was good quality - steak was yummy! It makes a nice change from the typical Cafe Rio or In n Out lunches you often get stuck with in the university area. My only real qualm is the prices - a little high for what seems to be one step up from fast food.
4	Amazing food and friendly staff. Brought my 4 year old in there and they over heard her birthday was coming up and they came up to me and said that if we came back on her birthday shed get a free dessert which is amazing staff work to me.  They get a customer to come back and a happy kid. Food is awesome live the make your own rice bowl.
5	This place has a great Hawaiian twist to their menu. I've been here twice; the first time I had the Luau Pork Sandwich, which is a kalua pig sandwich made with cole slaw. It was surprisingly tasty! I make kalua pig at home all the time, so I know what it should taste like. The second visit I had the Kahuna Burger, which is made with teriyaki sauce, pineapple, and some veggies. It was surprisingly tasty as well! For the burgers (which are pretty big), you have the option of ordering their Rumbi fries, which are crinkled sweet potato fries served with regular fries (I just wish the ratio of Rumbi fries to regular fries was higher). The sauce that comes with the fries is also very good!The interior is bright, clean, and modern, with splashes of Hawaiian art, although the space is a bit on the small side. The staff is nice and very helpful. They were also very patient as we took our time deciding on what to order.Overall, I give Rumbi's a 5 star rating based on the menu, the cleanliness of the restaurant, and the helpful staff.
5	This place is so nice! And the food was so delicious! We had the rice bowl with jerk flavor and it was great, the girl let us try the flavors since we had never ate here and weren't familiar with the flavors. I noticed how clean the kitchen was and the guy in the kitchen was working hard to keep it that way. Overall great food and service and the positive attitude of the cashier and cook made for a good first time dining experience at this restaurant.
2	Food is completely bland and way overpriced. Payed over $10 for a chicken & shrimp Jamaican jerk bowl that looked identical to my friends chicken teriyaki bowl. Other friend ordered a salad w/ no protein and payed $8.64. Only reason I even gave them a second star was because the service was good. Will not be returning here.
3	I gott the kahuna burger it was mediocre good flavor and bun but was a little soggy same with fries ...I checked in got my free shrimp tempura wich was good but the macaroni salad was the worst I've ever had,no flavor at all
4	I'm extremely thankful for all the awesome restaurants near UNLV. Rumbi is on my top 3 places to eat. Today was "Free Rice Bowl" day, so the restaurant was crowded with very little room to maneuver. I'm certain that its not busy like this everyday, but the line was pushed through fairly quickly. I ordered the Volcano Chicken Sandwich and I was blown away at how fresh this sandwich was. I would give this place 5 stars, but I don't have enough information yet to do that. I'll revisit this review after a couple more visits. Staff is extremely friendly, they get the food out to you pronto, and the price is very reasonable. I might give the Cabo Fish Taco a go next time I'm there!
4	First time we went here I wasn't planning on coming back, but all changed when one day...GROUPON gave me a credit for the stuff I didn't received so we decided to use it here. So I'll list the food we got to go:-Kahuna burger combo with volcano style Rumbi fries: LOVE IT! -Full rice bowl of Pacific honey orange glazed chicken: PANDA EXPRESS' ORANGE CHICKEN IS BETTER, (I hate having WAY too much rice with no more meat)-Carribean chicken and shrimp (my hubby got this) he said: "It was good!"-Tempura shrimp It's aight! Batter was too heavy, my daughter ate 5 so she must have liked it.-Bahama Mama Tortilla soup: okay it comes to the soup, the reason why I didn't give a 5 star is because the soup tasted more like coconut milk. We knew that it said a hint of coconut, but did not expect it to be like a tom yum (Thai soup) coconut soup. I mean it was WAY too coconutty.-Chips & salsa: tasted like chips and salsa ;)-Maui mango cheesecake: they gave me a regular New York cheesecake it's cool though a long as I got my DESSERT!-Brownie: baby girl got this, tasted it, AWESOME!Okay this place is so lucky that I even bother doing a review. So guys and gals give this place a try. Groupon offers a really good deal $8 for $16.
5	Never had Hawaiian food before, I was not disappointed. The food looked and tasted amazing. Best burger I've ever had so far!!The cashiers were really helpful when I didn't know what to order; (Lionel is the greatest) I am definitely eating here again .
5	First of all let me say this is one of the best places I ever ate! Great food! Great CUSTOMER SERVICE!!! If you ever come down by UNLV you have to check this place out! The food is fresh  and nothing is processed whatsoever.  Shout out to the chefs for working so hard and giving great quality food out.  Never once have I been dissapointed.  Favorite things on the menu. Volcano Blackened Mahi w/ White rice, BBQ Bacon Burger w/ Fries, and the traditional Full Chicken Teriyaki Rice Bowl.  CHECK THIS PLACE OUT!!!!!! FREE NFL SUNDAY TICKET!!! so come on sunday and watch free football while eating fabulous food there.  overall.  I love this place and enjoy coming back all the time!  (Shout Out to Brett, Randi, Parshae, Jose, and Pitbull!!)
4	First time here didn't know what to get. The dude working the counter was helpful. He even let me try a sample of their "rumbi rice." (It's rice with some red beans cooked in coconut water) it was good. I ordered the pork bowl with brown rice. I checked in on yelp and I got some free tempura shrimp! The food came out fast. And I'm going to work on it now. It's a pretty good teriyaki bowl. Now I need to teach them a thing or two about "tempura"  too heavy of a batter. But it was free, so who am I to bitch. Now I'm stoned so who knows if my tastebuds are in a generous mood, but I'm full and happy so life is good.
4	Ok, do not get the "fire chicken" unless you like plain grilled (bland) chicken.  Do get the pork or the grilled sirloin if you want an amazing flavor experience.  I tried half sirloin and half pork over noodles and it was amazing.  I really am starting to love this place!
3	Have only tried this place out once but it is pretty decent.First thing I always look at when I got out to eat is the atmosphere. More times than not, cleanliness and decor can offer some idea what the food and service will be like. The inside felt very cozy and the Hawaiian music really set the tone. There was one younger lady at the register and she seemed to be cheerful.I ordered the Kahuna Burger along with sweet potato fries. The taste of the food was pretty good. I was surprised it came with two patties opposed to your typical "single patty" burger you typically see at places like this. I always get the Bonzai burger from Red Robin, which is basically identical to this, so I had an idea of what I expected out of it. It was good. Patties were juicy and flavorful and the fries were really good. But the prices didn't seem justified in my head. A side of sweet potato fries will run you $3.50. After walking out spending close to $11, I felt like I could have been more satisfied getting that Bonzai burger for about the same price that comes with unlimited fries. The plates are even more pricey. An Alaskan salmon plate will run you $10.50-ish and the portion you receive is less than generous.I give it three stars because although the food was good, the prices just don't justify the meal. I am willing to spend more money on food if it's worth it. Call me cheap but if I'm going to spend $3.50 on a side of fries, they better be off the charts or a bigger portion and these weren't quite there on either.
3	First visit here. The staff was really nice. The food was ok. I ordered luau pork n grilled chicken bowl. First thing I noticed was the huge portion of rice. The pork was really soft and the chicken was very tender. Ill most likely return.
5	YUM! Rumbi rice is to die for! Cabo fish tacos and their rice bowls with the pork and jerk sauce are AMAZING. Also, they periodically are outside of their location giving away samples and 20% off coupons. They just began a rewards card for frequent customers, inquire about that!
1	Its location right near UNLV suggests that it's mainly targeting the hungry college crowds. I, myself, graduated a long~ ago and graduated from "college food." It's just type of food to fill u up, not much more. Especially when it's combined with employees who cares less about any quality service than just clock-in, clock-out to earn a check, it's definitely a place I wouldn't recommend. Food was slightly better than a Frozen-Dinner, with lack of taste and quality. Service was terrible and rude!
4	Perfect Florida restaurant! The Mahi-Mahi was delicious and atmosphere was great.
5	As we walked in, we were greeted by a friendly cashier.  Since it was my friend's first time there, he gave us the run down on their menu. I ordered a half sized rice bowl with luau pork, steak and brown rice and my friend ordered the Oahu fish sandwich special. You get a number and they bring the food out to your table.  Before our food arrived, they gave us complimentary chips and salsa (their version). The chips were a bit thick and hard but fresh and the salsa was pretty good and mild.  My friend loved her fish sandwich with her mix of regular and sweet potato fries. The fish looked crunchy and the bun was soft. The sweet potato fries were my favorite - they are crinkle cut!  My bowl was abundant with perfectly cooked rice and the highlight was the luau pork, it was divine!   The steak was good but you don't get much of it with the half portion. I loved the veggies - zucchini, carrots and broccoli. I think their rice bowls are much better than Samarai Sam's by far.  SO many choices!!  My only suggestion is for them to not serve so much rice. It's a bit of a waste....I would rather get more veggies. Maybe I will ask next time!  They also gave me two sauces on the side because I couldn't choose between the jerk or the teriyaki. The jerk was a bit salty for my taste but the teriyaki was perfect.  Of course, too much rice and sauce preference is a personal thing ;-)I am a stickler for iced tea and they had that yummy tropical tea that you usually get at some of the Asian chains. Overall, the service, atmosphere and food were great! I will definitely be going back.
5	Decided to try this place after reading the reviews online. Such amazing food. Picked up 3 rice bowls for the family & no one was disappointed. The staff was friendly & very helpful letting me know whats good. After checking in on Yelp I got a free order of cookies. The food was more than enough for the family & the price was really reasonable. All in all great food, decent price & i will be coming back again!
4	I like their salads - especially the caesar Jamaican jerk chicken. The sweet potato fries are to die for - great!  Excellent customer service and fun island atmosphere.  Join their rumbi club and receive $5 discount:http://www.rumbi.com/email-club.php
4	Yay Hawaiian food! Yay for Hawaiian food close to UNLV campus! There were no food trucks on campus and I wanted to try something new, so I hoofed it across campus to try out Rumbi Island Grill. The decor is pretty Hawaiian inspired which is great because it reminded me of home. I looked over the menu and after awhile decided to try the Luau Pork Sandwich.Except when I went to the counter to order, I saw their limited edition Island Combo on a board above me and decided to get that instead! It had two pieces of shrimp tempura, my choice of brown rice, my choice of steak instead of chicken, and my choice of house salad with some sauces. When I checked in at Rumbi, Yelp popped up a "1 Free order of cookies" which I decided to cash in on and got a little bag of M&M cookies.I took my table number to a corner table and realized there was free wifi with password (just ask them for the password when they bring your food). When they arrived with my food, I dug in. It was good and though it took me awhile to finish, because I was also doing homework, I finished everything and was happily stuffed. The employees kept coming to my table, as well as others, asking how was my meal which I liked. There are also clean bathrooms in the back of the restaurant.I definitely want to come back and try out other things on the menu.
5	I should've written this update while back but something called life...After my initial review, the owner contacted me right away and apologized for the bad experience. I have to be honest, but the bad service I received from the employee who is no longer there anymore ruined the whole experience and I really didn't care what the food tasted like. I just wanted to eat and leave!Anyhow, I haven't been back yet but the apology and follow-up concerns I received were really genuine so I'm planning on going back soon. It's just kinda far for me but I'll be back :)
5	This was my 1st time at Rumbi while visiting my bestie. I had a groupon. The food was awesome. Not expensive and it was delicious. I had the chicken and shrimp rice bowl. I loved the assortment of grilled vegetables. I will be back!
5	Food here is really really good! Chips and salsa are amazing! Glad I found this place! Will be back for sure. Hopefully they open another place like this in Henderson ;)
4	This is a cool, somewhat novelty addition to the usual UNLV eatery rounds (Chiptole, Cafe Rio, Cugino's etc) when I forget to pack my lunch lol. This place is especially helpful for vegetarian options, and I've had the rice bowl with tofu in Jamaican Jerk twice now and though it tasted more like teriyaki sauce and was not the least bit spicy....I still thought it was reasonably good! Another plus is that they have brown rice too  Also as of late, the staff been so generous with their $3 off coupons. The first time I came, they gave me two :-) The only downside was that I felt like there was just so much rice compared to protein and veggies, which somehow made the Filipino in me feel just a teensy bit gypped! Nevertheless, I will probably be back and see how other options on their menu fare
5	My new favorite the voodoo salad - the dressing is what makes the salad and the feta cheese enhances it.  The customer service is outstanding!
5	So good amazing food amazing service and amazing atmosphere!!! Something for everyone
5	Solid menu, great customer service! Right across from UNLV. Definitely worth stoping by. The coconut rice is to die for!
2	Rumbi gets two stars because all the staff I encountered were pleasant except for the manager who was hiding in the back.Rumbi is "known" for its bowls so I ordered one. I had the chicken bowl which comes with vegetables and your choice of white or brown rice. I asked for the orange sauce and spicy teriyaki sauce on the side. The orange sauce was pre made and so was the teriyaki sauce. On to the chicken, rice, and vegetables. Vegetables were super standard for a teriyaki bowl, and the chicken and brown rice were adequate. I prefer the artificial orange sauce at Panda Express, even though I go about once every five years.
4	My second time here and my second time getting the Kahuna burger. I don't remember it being so greasy the first time so I don't know why it was so greasy the second time. :( this is more of a preference but one star off!Albeit the burger was too greasy for me to even finish, the potato fries are delicious! I'm not really a huge sweet potato fries fan, but I am a fan of theirs! The cashier that took my order in this visit wasn't as friendly as the last but she still greeted with a smile so that's good!They also give stamp cards and coupons if you're into that, haha.
5	The prices of the sandwiches made me stop and check this place out. I got the pulled pork and it moist. mmmm.. the sauce was served on the side and glad they do that. If pork is cooked right then let the meat do the talking.  The soup and salad combo is worth looking into. I will definitely be back here again, and they gave me a $3 coupon to make sure i  do come back soon.
5	On a friends recommendation we went to the Rumbi Island Grill for lunch today, fell in love with the place and the employees. The cashier greeted us with a smile. The staff brings the food to your table, asked if we needed anything and every time they deliver to another table they come by and ask if your ok or need anything. Great little place, very clean. We will be going back.We tried the Island Chicken burger, Jamaican Jerk Chicken salad & Surf Club sandwich.
1	My husband who eats and enjoys almost any meal was underwhelmed with the Kahuna burger.  I ordered a veggie rice bowl that was too long in being brought out to our table and had mushy, crisp and under cooked veggie's on white rice. Couldn't even eat half of it, it was that bad. The cashier was curt and in a hurry for us to order even though there were no customers behind us. They brought my husband's burger out before my rice bowl.  He would have been finished before I ever got my food if he hadn't stopped to wait for my food to come.
5	I frequently walked past Rumbi and wondered if they're any good ... and today I skipped Cafe Rio to find out.  I was immediately impressed with the decor inside, since nothing turns me off faster than a white-wall "insert restaurant here" sterile box.  So their franchise attention to paint, trim, decorations, quality signs and graphics was welcoming.  The cashier was friendly and I ordered food to go, which arrived in reasonable time on a Saturday afternoon.The Voodoo Salad with chicken was a decent portion for $8, the tortilla strips were still crunchy when we got home, and I'm glad it had lots of feta cheese.  The sauce was sweeter and spicier than I expected.The Teriyaki Chicken Kids Bowl was fantastic, and I'm going to recommend it for my gastric bypass friends.  $4 gets you a half cup of grilled chicken, a cup of steamed veg, and ton of white rice (but I adore rice, so I was in heaven.)  I like when the broccoli keeps some crunch, plus they added some celery.  The zucchini and carrots were soft steamed.  :-P  The sauce was super sweet and salty, so thumbs up.My go-to place is usually Teriyaki Madness, but I'm glad to have found something similar close to home.  This place seems lighter, and they gave me a $3 coupon and punch card, which I'm a total sucker for (way to cinch that fifth star, guys!)My only suggestion would be the smell in there.  It was ... buttery?  Oily?  Not something I'd want to order, and enough to notice.  Perhaps it was the cakes, which sorely tempted me from their gooey pineapple upside down cupcake signs.  Next time!
4	I like this place , it's a little on the pricey side for fast food , but it's all made fresh and really delicious !! I've been here twice , first time was just a fluke , as I was hungry and getting a haircut in the area ,but second time was to specifically eat here , because the food was so good !! I got a bowl each time with a combo of meat , first time Kalua pork & grilled chicken , second time chicken and sirloin , warning tho if you are a meat lover they are a little skimpy on the proteins , but the veggies and rice are top notch !! The Kalua pork was tender and delish , the beef was very tasty , as for the chicken first time the chicken was fresh and juicy , second time was a bit over cooked , maybe recooked? As for portion ,the large is very ample & I left some rice , ( think the large is only 1$ more , but don't really expect more meat , just more rice and veggies !! Lol , (first time was the small , second time was a large) as for sauces they steal the show !! Had both versions of the teriyaki , and spicy is just subtlety so , really want to go back and try the peanut sauce ! As for service I have had the same girl at counter both times and she is very friendly and efficient , the wait for food tho is a bit long , but hey it comes out nice and hot ! If eating there you do have to , stop at the condiment counter and pick up your own silverware and condiments or else you will have to get up and leave your delish  bowl on the table and delay your grub on !! Lol  their ordering system is cool , as they bring the food to you on real plates & real silver ( that you get ) but as both times there it was slow ,  I wonder how well it will stand up to a busy day? But definetly  check it out !!
4	When I saw the Groupon was available for this spot, I had to take it. The reviews seemed a little bit up and down so I had to check this place out with my own eyes. The verdict? I'll use the overused Yelp term, "pleasantly surprised"!I believe the concept here is Hawaiian/Caribbean fusion. Even though this is the first time I have ever heard of this, it does make a lot of sense to do so because they share a lot of tropical ingredients.This store is located right across the street from the UNLV. The layout on in the inside is definitely a tropical theme. I was dead set on getting a combo plate and burger, the advertisements all over the place were singing the praises of their pineapple upside down cake. Having not one of these since I was a mere lad, pineapple upside down took the place of the burger. Also got a side of Rumbi fries instead.Combo plate - decided on getting the 2 meat combo of pork and grilled chicken. The chicken was a little bit dry, but not that much. It had a nice chargrilled taste to it. I like the fact that their Kailua pork had a very subtle sweetness to it, and wasn't salty as f*ck like how a lot of places make it. I ordered brown rice and was glad they didn't use long grain brown rice, which is terrible even if it cooked correctly. They used a short grain one and it was pretty good. The stir fried veggies were good and didn't taste like they used frozen veggies. I liked the sesame oil taste to them. The only thing I didn't like was their teriyaki sauce that was thankfully put into a small container on the side. It might as well could have been maple syrup, it was that sweet.Rumbi fries - here's a hint, ask them to put their blackened seasoning on them, it's really tasty. The Rumbi fries are a mix of regular shoe string fries, and thick sweet potato fries. Both were crispy, and the creole-like spice seasoned them very well. The dipping sauce tasted like a looser dynamite sauce and complemented the fries well.Pineapple upside down cake - the last time I've had this was about 20 years ago and I made it from a Betty Crocker mix. Trust me, this was nothing like that. The cake had a complex pound cake like flavor, except being a whole lot lighter. The pineapple was nice but probably canned, and the whole thing wasn't too sweet, so I was pretty surprised.The food came out fast and was well prepared. Hopefully when school is back in session these guys will start to pick up because I thought the food and service was pretty good here. One thing I didn't like is that they wouldn't let me use the yelp check in with the Groupon, but I guess you can't win them all. Unless it was a game of UNO in which I would kick everyone's arse!!
1	Literally the worst meal I have ever had at a "restaurant". I saw they had a groupon deal and checked Yelp and decided to try it out. What a huge mistake. The Kahuna burger, my God, what an absolutely TERRIBLE burger. Pattys had absolutely no flavor whatsoever. The swiss cheese was not even melted and there was a very large amount of mayo on the burger. Every time I took a bite the entire middle of the burger would slide out of the bun because it wasn't melted. Now on to my biggest complaint; the fries. Their menu says something along the lines of "add Rumbi fries, chips, or a salad to any burger for $1.95". So I order and say I want fries, expecting Rumbi fries. I get plain old fries, like at McDonalds. The amount of salt on these fries was unbelievable honestly. So when the cashier/server brought out the food I said are these Rumbi fries, I thought that's what I was getting. She said, and I quote, "You gotta tell me whatchu want. You said you wanted regular fries." I just about lost it right there, but somehow decided to hold my tongue. First of all, for $1.95, the options are chips, Rumbi fries, or a salad. How in the world am I supposed to know that normal fries would be served when they aren't even an option? Had I been served the Rumbi fries I might not be so critical of the rest of the meal, but without them everything else was just so terrible. Yelp definitely led me astray and I seriously would not recommend this place to anyone. I am not even exaggerating, a Big Mac or Whopper have more flavor than the terrible Kahuna Burger. This place tries to pretend to be Hawaiian by using pineapples. but it is just a poor excuse for a restaurant. I would not eat here again even for free. I wouldn't eat here again if I was paid to.
4	This was the first time visiting and I was impressed. We had the cabo tacos, club, and two kids meals. The fish tacos were really good and came with coconut rice that I didn't care for but was a hit with everyone else. The kid burger was really good and well proportioned. The only reason that u didn't give a 5 star is because the fries are extra with some of the sandwiches. The food and service is definitely worth a visit.
5	This place has become one of my favorite places to eat in Las Vegas! The food here is always amazing. Their rumbi fries with the sauce is to die for. In addition to burgers they have rice plates, salads, and deserts. The price is fair for the burgers but a bit more pricey for some of their other items, but I believe the taste of the food makes it worth the money. It is right across from UNLV so it does have traffic from students, but the ambience is very chill and relaxing inside. Highly reccomend!
5	Love the sweet potato fries and burgers here like literally. The staff here is really nice and swift. I love how they give you a stamp card and a 3 dollars off coupon especially if you want to save big time. I recommend eating here during your break at work or school. Shoot I know I will because I can't get enough of those sweet potato fries.
1	This place is terrible chicken bowl was cold and super hard chicken looks like it was cook 5 days ago never will I come back, a refund would be nice!!
3	On the up-side, the ambiance was very neat, and the staff were friendly and helpful. On the down-side, dine-in water cups smelled a bit like dish rag, and the food wasn't impressive.Coke on tap, with Pibb rather than Dr Pepper.One of us ordered a chicken bowl, which was bland, and not even as good as a dish we used to order from Applebee's years ago; the other ordered a charred (but seemingly still precooked) kahuna burger, which was sloppy and slipping apart, the flavors and textures didn't blend as well as they could, and it left a small longing for the Hawaiian burger from Fat Boy.It was all OK, but just OK, not even "A-OK" as Yelp says. I noticed that a Braddah's is going in soon on the other side of the parking lot; it'll be interesting to see how that battle goes.
4	Food was good enough for 4 stars. Service from one guy, an assistant manager I think, was great. The counter person, not so much. Portions are big and fresh. You'll fill up for sure. One strange thing though. When the food arrived it kind of smelled like burnt popcorn. No, I'm not kidding. Was really weird. The smell didn't last long though.
5	This was our first time at this very clean restaurant and we plan to come back.  The food was very delicious,  fresh & well prepared.   We met the Asst. Manager,  Rashawn which we thought was the Owner because he is so knowable of the food, very professional and truly a hard worker!
2	This is our first time trying it and we were hoping it would be satisfying... Unfortunately we didn't think it was very good I had the pork luau sandwich and my husband had the kahuna burger ( teriyaki). The rumbi fries were salty and overcooked,  and the burger was lacking flavor. The barbeque sauce was tangy and the fry sauce resembled ketchup and mayo.   On the positive side, the place was well decorated,  clean And the staff was friendly!! Sorry, we probably won't be coming back tho...
5	Haven't been here in a year since it opened. I ordered a full pork, steak, and white rice bowl with teriyaki sauce and I some how received a some what small steak and chicken bowl. I told them about it and they said they would remake it for me. They gave us chips and dips on the house for the mistake. When the correct order came out the portions looked like how it was a year ago. Great service.
4	Visited this place because of other reviews I read, looked cheap and food looked good.When I arrived it was DEAD!Only ones their, might be the same for you, but don't let that put you off.We ordered a full and a half bowl of food.The full was $7.95 and great value, a good sized portion.Had the fire cooked chicken, Hawaiian teriyaki sauce and brown rice.Got a FREE large soft drink just for checking in on yelp, free refills to.The food tastes great and was clearly cooked fresh to order.Would have been a 5 star review except it felt a bit strange being the only one's there, no music or anything in the back ground.They also offer free delivery and $10 off a $25 order if you use promo code ZESTYOrder at - www.bitesquad.comHope this helps in your decision to eat here.Enjoy your meals.
2	I'm really sad to say this was a major FAIL for me.  We came around 5:30pm on a Saturday night.  No one was in the restaurant.  There were 2 employees working, one cashier and one "cook".  We ordered a BBQ chicken salad and an orange chicken bowl.  Also, the rumba fries.  I had a groupon so I paid 8.00 for 16.00 worth of food.  I had to pay 3 more dollars.  It took FOREVAH!! for the food to be served to me.  The salad was big, tons of lettuce and not that much chicken.  My spouse was served a teriyaki chicken bowl.  I said " this isn't what I ordered".  The cook said " Yes it is" and  I said " Nope, its not".  Spouse said she would just eat it.  After one bite, she says " taste this chicken".  I tasted it and it didn't taste like chicken, it tasted like pork.  I brought it back and said that I wanted what I originally ordered.  That took another 10-15 min.  By this point, 6 other customers came in the the "cook" was overwhelmed.  Ridiculous.   My spouse got her frozen, reheated chicken nuggets, drizzled with orange sauce and canned mandarin oranges.  She barely touched it and the overcooked fries.  No Thanks Rumbi Grill.  Wont be back.
5	The food was delicious, restaurant was really clean, the guy who took our order, RaShawn, was super friendly and helpful. I will be back!
3	I loved the set up of this small restaurant and like the fact that it's right across the street from UNLV.  I came here for a lunch as part of a fundraiser for a student organization. I ended up ordering a tofu spicy teriyaki bowl ($7.95) that came with white rice and veggies and a fountain drink (total $11 +change). The customer service was impressive at first - the cashier was abnormally friendly and the guy who brought me my food grabbed me a fork. Even though the cashier tried to up-sell me into buying pineapple cake for dessert, I still liked the guy. It wasn't until I sat down and realized I had been duped! When asked for a drink, I replied with a simple yes. The cashier had automatically given me a large drink, so he up sold me there (though without my knowing consent). I hate when restaurants do this because I feel it's almost unethical. Ask me what size I want damn it! Or else I'll just assume you're giving me the regular size. I was peeved about that but didn't bother saying anything because I figured hey, the money is going towards a fundraiser. Remember to specify exactly what you want if you go to Rumbi's.Now for the food: it was just okay. The veggies were overcooked, i.e, the broccoli had lost all its green color and was squishy to the max. The "spicy" factor I asked for was seriously lacking. Last, the rice was hard and crunchy, NOT soft and fluffy. I probably won't come back to Rumbi's. :/ The restaurant has a 4 star rating, but I just didn't get that level of experience. I'm only giving this place 3 stars instead of 2 because I'm grateful they have a tofu dish and an employee saved me the trip of getting a fork.
5	YUMMY!   I absolutely loved this place !! You pick what you want from the counter, and from there, the rest is full service. The restaurant is clean and the food is FRESH!!The management and staff is super attentive !Everything from the chicken rice and veggie bowl, to the blackened salmon entree, to the mango salad blew my mind.I've had the pleasure of dining here several times, and it never disappoints .. I will be back !!
4	I'm a regular during the lunch hour, food is always prepared quickly with quality and the customer service is great. My only comment with be the portion of meat you receive in salads or rice bowls, other than that it's definitely a great spot for lunch in the area.
5	May I recommend the Kahuna Burger? I'm a huge fan of Pulp Fiction and I always wanted to try a kahuna burger so I was pretty excited to find a place that makes them. I don't think they are modeled after the film but the burger is delicious. I also recommend the rumbi fries!
5	Excellence is here! Thats what i call restaurant near unlv chillest spot in town if u go school#wolvofficialmusic #austincainmusic #seankennedymusic #djparadice #djp definitely go.
5	I describe Rumbi as Hawaiian Fusion. It's a chain out of Utah ... They have awesome salads ( I loved the Mango Salad) their sandwiches, fries.. And their rice bowls. You get a lot of food for your $- and being across from UNLV that's important for poor college kids. But most importantly food is great, staff is friendly and food is fast. Try something different
5	Had a deal from Amazon Local for this location and decided to give it a try. We ordered the Beach burger and Big Kahuna burger. We had an order of regular fries and "Rumbi" fries (which are basically a 50/50 splits of regular and sweet potato). Top it off with two fountain drinks and a brownie. It was a meal of indulgence for fast food.Food arrived looking fantastic. The Kahuna has a thick slice of fresh pineapple, perfectly caramelized and sweet. There was a thousand island style dip, but I opted for the classic ketchup. The meat was juicy with two nice patties, melting along the cheese and warming the already toasty bun.I'm not a fan of sweet potato fries but the regular fries were good. Needed a bit more salt, but only because of personal preference.Overall the food was delicious. I would definitely visit again. The decor was nice, the facility was very clean, and service was fantastic. Best of all, I can finally say that I've had a big Kahuna burger."Mmm-mmmm. That is a tasty burger. Vincent, ever have a Big Kahuna Burger?"
1	Why does your description  on bitesquad say Hawaiian  food? We ( the people of Hawaii) do not put teriyaki sauce on Kalua pork. Please fix your description  because your menu obviously has nothing to do with Hawaii.
5	I absolutely love Rumbi Island Grill, fresh food,  extremely welcoming staff and a very nice ambience. Kids eat for free after 4 p.m .... Unlv students eat for half the price with coupons. Their Bowls are big and tasty ....... All in all good bang for the buck.
4	Saw this on yelp and would say that that the food was definitely worth the rating. Had the grilled chicken sandwich. The chicken breast was thick, moist and tender, served with pineapple and a special tangy sauce.  I also ordered the Rumbi fries which is a combination of regular and sweet potato fries served with Russian dressing. All in all, very good, prompt and friendly service.  About $8.85 for meal, excluding beverage.
