2	Whenever I walked past this window I always peered in - curiosity, y'know! The name always intrigued me - what would they be faking and how fabulous is fabulous? Turns out not very. The things in the window are nice yeah, but they have  done what all less-great shops do, they put all their good stock in the window. I was disappointed at the small selection inside, and found all the pieces a bit too costume-like for my tastes. If you're looking for something in particular for an outfit, then chances are you'll find something here, but otherwise it's not the sort of place to look for something modest. I thought the shop title, Fabulous Fakes, would suggest cheap cheap cheap! But I was surprised that everything was a bit costly. It's a shame, I think it has potential!
3	I was intrigued by the name "Fabulous Fakes". Fake what? My immediate thought was designer bags. I know, I'm pretty dumb. So I went over to have a look. I was quite disappointed to discover the Fabulous Fakes was in fact just selling cheap, silver like jewellery. There were a few cute pieces, but nothing really caught my eye. I think it is more a question of taste, and as Emily said it is more costume like jewellery so if that's your thing then Fabulous Fakes will be great. I off course will be sticking to the real diamonds. (I wish!)
2	This shop is a great example of one of those places that you walk past, think "ooooh that looks like it could be cute, let's go have a look", get inside and realise it's a big anti-climax.It looks like a vintage jewellery shop from the outside, but when you go in and actually have a look at the stuff, it's just new and not particularly well-made jewellery trying to look vintage. Which ends up just looking a bit tacky.Imagine those tiny little pointless shops that you find in little towns on the coast, that's pretty much this place in a nutshell. Except they've done that really annoying thing of thinking that just because they're in Brunstfield they can hike up their prices.I'm sure that for the right sort of person this shop would be a great find. It's just my sort of thing.
3	Like the other ladies, I found the classic look of Fabulous Fakes' shop front quite beguiling. The name, too, led me to believe it was going to be full of unusual jewellery at low prices.Unfortunately I found it a bit underwhelming. They have some nice pendants but they are not as inexpensive as the name would have you believe, and regrettably I found them a little bit tacky. I don't like bad mouthing businesses but this is the kind of jewellery they would sell in Clinton Cards as little extra stocking fillers if the card shop were that way inclined.You may strike it lucky in here, but I have to agree that this place is a tad disappointing, especially for the high standard of Bruntsfield. Some nice gift ideas but nothing very precious, it seems like it's selling itself short.
2	What attracted me to this shop was, quite obviously, its name, in bold white capital letters over a maroon coloured small shop. This drew me closer to inspect what this fabulous fakes had in mind. Now I am no big fan of rocks and don't really wear any jewelry of any sorts anyway but I know some girls are quite interested indeed. I wouldn't really know much about real ones or karats for that matter-if it's pretty then that's OK with me. So inspecting this store was somewhat interesting, though I must say the shopping window was somewhat disappointing after such high expectations-with such a name. It has a variety of flashy jewelry so if this is your style then great- although it's not cheap fakes despite being 'fabulous'.
4	I think Fabulous Fakes is under new ownership.  At least, I'm pretty sure that's what the little sign on the door says, but despite the fact that I'm interested, I've never actually taken the time to read it... yeah, I don't know.So, cue me looking for vintage-inspired jewellery at non-real vintage prices.  Fabulous Fakes is just a few minutes down the road from my work, so I figured there would be no harm in checking it out.The jewellery in the window tended towards not really my taste, but as I said, there's no harm in looking, right?  I was greeted right away (by the owner?), and asked if I had anything specific I was looking for or if I was just browsing.  I described what I wanted and right away she was all over the store picking up different versions that I might like.  She even started pulling things out that weren't on the shop floor yet.Finally we stumbled on a pair that I quite liked, and a check with the rest of the jewellery confirmed that it was a good choice.  Now admittedly, this type of jewellery isn't entirely to my taste.  At the end of the day, I prefer the real stuff, but let's be honest, there's no way I can afford the real stuff.  So, Fabulous Fakes gave me excellent service and an inexpensive pair of earrings to complete my vintage-inspired wedding jewellery ensemble.  The highlight of the whole experience, though, was the fact that when I opened my pretty little bag to show off the earrings, I found a second box.  No idea what was in it, I opened it up to find a bunch of little foil-wrapped chocolate hearts.  Jewellery and chocolate?  Yes!
