4	This Pizza Express took a while to get busy, but it got there! Eventually...!The staff are lovely, really really friendly and are happy to help. I love coming here during the festival because there's such a variety of people.The food is delicious too - I thoroughly recommend the Tuna Nicoise salad or the Chicken Pesto Pasta - YUMMY.The service is generally really quick, but I once came here before going to a concert and had to leave my entire meal - but they did give it to me for free!Overall it's a great branch to an already great restaurant!
1	Unfortunately as I work nearby, I eat here far more often than I want to.  I have been many, many times so my experience wasn't just a fluke but a common occurance.  Each and everytime I have been extremily disappointed to the point of anger.The restaurant has been empty and when trying to order take aways we have been turned away as they were too busy apparently.  Also, when they did actually take our order on another occassion the pizzas weren't ready when they said they would be then when we went back to collect them they were cold as they had been lying out for so long!  Not only is the service despicable but the actual pizzas themselves aren't anything to write home about.  Rock solid, crunchy bases that make you scared that you will break a tooth are topped off with a stingey amount of cheese and perhaps a hot lettuce leaf or two if you're really lucky!  You've been warned.  Try it at your own risk!
1	Waited to be seated, no one seated us. We sat down at one of many empty tables. Five minutes later, a fellow told us ALL the table were reserved. This place was only 25% full at most. So we left. Walked by in a bit after eating elsewhere, and it was still mostly empty. Guess they didn't want our money.
3	Ok so it's a chain. It does what it says on the tin & you know what you're getting. I like this branch at Holyrood when I time it right. Too early & it can be full of kids (post dynamic earth visit) or tour groups staying at the hotel next door & hard to get a table. They have byob - wine only on Sundays. If you sign up to their mailing list you get voucher codes for discounts & as I recently received - a free bottle of prosecco on my birthday. The OH ordered a pizza on our last visit & felt it was smaller than it should've been. I think he might've been right. I had the chicken pesto pasta. It was nice but lacking in the chicken department. Coffee & desserts were nice. I like that they do mini desserts now. A-ok.
3	Pizza Express has recently been a little more favoured by Anita and I. They do pizzas well. We arrived a little early for our reservation, we sat down with a glass of very nice prosecco and some big green olives. Yum. On arrival of our other table guests we went over the available pizzas on the list, whilst snacking on more olives and almonds. Water was supplied and more bottles of prosecco were ordered. Their Romana range is based on a thin & crispy base and topped with fresh ingredients. I went for a blue cheese, prosciutto and chicken with chili oil. The taste was lovely - the chili oil was chili infused olive oil, and actually dripping of the pizza. I don't know if that was supposed to be that way, it was nice mind, but a little oily. For afters I chose a macchiato, this was nice and strong. We had some limoncello shots and made our way. It was a nice meal, nothing too special. I do recommend this branch of Pizza Express as the feel is a little more.. classy. High ceilings, mezzanine and glass everywhere. As with all Pizza Express restaurants - they have Cloud WiFi
