3	Yeah, I know. It's Burger King. It's a chain. But I've got this veggie burger fix list, and honestly, the BK Veggie is my default when I'm also in a hurry. I mean, it's quick, it's easy, and BK's the only fast food place that's got a veggie burger. I mean, it's Morning Star, they can't fuck it up. Stick it in a bun, throw on some mayo, some ketchup, some lettuce, you're good to go. No cheese - you gotta ask for cheese, and I'm sure they charge extra for it, like 20 cents or something. I just spent like 5 minutes looking for the cent key on my keyboard btw - wtf? What happened to the cent key? Didn't there used to be a cent key on keyboards? Over the 6, right? Is it a Mac thing? Do you have one? I just got this effin arrowhead looking thing.. ^ WTF?
5	You can not simply go through life calling yourself "King" when you have not earned it. If you do, the populous will start to resent you. Just look at Lebron James, a king with no kingdom. A dog that has a bigger bark than bite. Well let me tell you then, I believe we should rename burger king to burger kingdom because they rule mother earth from the core to the troposphere. Deserving their name for their disturbingly great values, sometimes I ponder what African tribe has been exploited to bring me prices so low? Quickly the thought is stricken from my mind after I take my first bite into my triple stacker. Clearly this burger gained it's recipe from the highest authority. When Gabriel came down to earth to tell Mary she was pregnant, it is my suspicion he dropped the secrets to this heavenly concoction. Admirably I believe they perhaps are responsible for a portion of heart disease in this country. Not the kind that causes health problems, the kind that makes you nostalgic. The kind that makes you wish you were 8 again eating free burgers and frys with your dad and the world was in equilibrium. You had naught a care in the world. Just eating your burger in peace, you sat there with your imagination streaming faster than an X Wing. Who brought you this experience? You guessed it. Perhaps we could promote peace in Iraq by dropping them free burgers from the king? Everyone always asked the cliched question... Why do they hate us? Have you not realized it yet fool! It is because we are in the kingdom of burgers.
1	Closed!
