5	Best coffee I have tasted, by far, in the short 20 years of my life.  Here's why (+ positive, -negative, -/+ neutral):+ They're a hole-in-the-wall joint.  That means little to no traffic, cozy, fast.+ Simple menu.  It really bugs me when coffee shops have a hundred-and-one different drinks up on the board.  Seattle Espresso's menu does not mess with your mind.-/+ The baristas are average.  Most of the time I come in and they're friendly, but once I had a guy treat me like I wasn't even there.  His friend came in and they started talking... while he was making my drink and when I paid.+++ I LOVE THEIR DRINKS.  Their espresso is smooth and blends well.  Their cup sizes are decent.  They have very unique flavors, my favorite being the white mocha.  The coffee experience here is sublime, to say the least.
5	It doesn't get any better than this place.  Not only are the staff incredibly friendly, and talkative, but this place goes out of their way to provide the little (and important) things for students, business folk, etc.  They have a good supply of tables, and most importantly they have great WiFi and power outlets everywhere.  Yep, one of the most overlooked failures of other coffee shops isn't a problem here.  You can plug your laptop in and actually get stuff done at this place.  They have a good assortment of bakery items, and the coffee is fresh and tastes great.  Parking is a breeze.  I can't fault this place in anyway.  Highly recommended.
3	Being that not many places were open on New Years Day, I decided to cruise around and see what was open.  Being that the bookstore wasnt quite open yet and had a horrendous line, I drove around a little bit to see if I could grab a cup of coffee to kill some time.I pulled into the parking lot because theres several stores located in this strip mall, and have shopped at a few stores here before.  I found this coffee shop smashed inbetween other stores.  Its a very small shop, with extremely limited seating.  I will say I liked it here, and I enjoyed my experience for a lot of reasons.  Thier prices are cheap as all get out, which is great!  I got a 12 ounce Mocha for $3.24.  Awesome!  Service here was amazing and friendly, and I will gladly return in the future.So why 3 stars?  there were a whopping 2 tables to sit at inside, and thats kind of a problem.  I also asked the girl about the internet, and she said the signal was in and out, and should be fixed in a few days after the holiday.  For me, a coffee shop is a place that I like to park at for an hour, plug in my computer, surf the net, and drink coffee.  I dont like sitting outside because A) I have no plug and my battery dies after an hour, and B) in the summer Im not sitting in the heat.  So, even though I would return for the prices and service, I wouldnt recomend this place for anyone who plans on staying for more then 5 minutes.
4	I've been going to this barely visible coffee shop for almost ten years and it is one of the better ones. It is small and the crowd is mostly teens, but the coffee is good. They use Illy espresso beans which is rich and delicious. Their menu is simple with about 5 specialty drinks. I would definitely recommend the French Caramel Latte. It has a nutty flavor that goes great with the caramel.
4	Yummy. Not much else to say.I enjoy supporting the "other guys", and when they actually deliver on my expectations, it's always delightful ;)  The service here is always great too.  Don't forget your punch card! I seem to have 4 of them started with 2 punches each...
5	Another staple to the South Tempe scene, Seattle Espresso has been a great place to hang out for as long as I can remember. The coffee here is usually superior to the world's larger chains. The baristas are always friendly, and let you know when anything new and exciting comes in, like a rare variety of organic Japanese green tea that tastes incredible. Out front a fountain softly plays its tune while you enjoy the drink of your choice. If you like people watching, this is a great locale. There is a tool store, a dance studio, a boutique pet store, and many other locations that bring a variety of people into your line of sight. Always looking forward to the next cup!
3	Ok so I wanted some coffee for breakfast this morning and decided to turn to my list of the coffee tour of phoenix! FTW! I decided to try out Seattle Espresso because I lived in Seattle for a few years and loved the coffee there, and thought this place may live up to my expectations. Alas, they did not. Maybe I'm a coffee snob, but I think if you're going to call your place Seattle Espresso there should be something Seattle -y about it. The place was small and looked boring, unlike most of the shops in Seattle which have lots of character. The coffee was also boring, it wasn't bad, but it wasn't anything special. I just got a latte so that I could adequately compare it to other coffee experiences I have had. On the wall it says they use Illy coffee. Illy coffee is pretty generic... If they wanted a Seattle coffee shop, they should invest in getting coffee that is roasted in Seattle. I know that at Giant coffee they did research and have had coffee from stumptown roasters in seattle/portland. Why didn't this place think of that? Anyway, it just wasn't anything I would run back for. If you're going to go to starbucks, you may as well come here instead, it is better, but if you like local coffee houses, this just doesn't cut it.
5	I love, love, LOVE Seattle Espresso.I love it.I grew up in Arizona but have lived in Southern California for about 6 years now.  My family is still in Arizona, and the first place I go whenever I'm in town is Seattle Espresso.It's just so good.  I can't emphasize that enough.My three favorite things about this place are:1)  Iced White Russian Mochas - these are sweet but they don't over do it.  This is my favorite drink and I've never been able to find anything similar.2)  Cold brewed coffee (toddy) - okay, I know everywhere you go has iced coffee.  BUT, I no one has toddy like Seattle Espresso.  This cold brewed coffee tastes delish with a light splash of vanilla syrup.  I don't know how they brew this to such perfection, but they do.  Believe me.3)  Stamp cards! - you get a free drink for every 10 drinks you purchase.  This is pretty cool, especially if you buy coffee everyday.The people have always been very helpful, and the vibe is so much better than a Starbucks.  Definitely try this place if you want quality coffee.OH- and every Saturday morning they have a small farmer's market in the parking lot!  (But don't worry, there's still plenty of parking).
5	I can't believe there are only 8 reviews on here for Seattle Espresso! The number of regular, faithful customers who frequent Seattle Espresso rivals that of any coffee shop I have ever been to either in the U.S. or internationally. It is my, and many others, home away from home. Go, and go more than one time.  Try a double shot iced White Russian and then work yourself across the menu! All of their drinks are delicious!The Baristas will remember you and your drink, especially if you go a couple times. My favorite aspect of Seattle Espresso is that all different types of people frequent the establishment.  It is not only made up of trendy, hipster customers, although some of them come here too! The decor is nothing to write home about, but it is the people and the product that keep people coming back again and again.
5	I don't get to go often, but I consider this place one of my favorite indulgences.  I usually get the French Caramel Latte (soy); hot or iced, the balance of rich espresso with sweet caramel is perfect every time.  I just wish they would stock more of those amazing black and white cookies (from Chompie's)!
5	Best mocha EVER! Wayne makes the best drinks and is always a delight to see in the morning.  I moved out of town, but when I visit, I stop here every morning!!
5	All baristas are not created equal. The crew at Seattle Espresso knows how to pull shots. They've got the best iced mocha in town. They splash Illy with heavy cream. Definitely worth driving to S. Tempe for!
4	Great little shop with tasty joe and friendly staff. Outdoor seating, some baked goods and wifi.
4	Hey, first I don't like to spend my hard earned ka-ching with the evil empire.  I have been coming to this local coffee shop since the first opened their doors.  My morning drink is Cappuccino skinny.  They make it right every time.  If I wanted a latte I would have ordered one.  The baristas remember your name and your drink, and always are willing to chat you up.  The use good quality materials, and the results show it!!  I was told they aren't pulling Illy shots anymore, as they got into a pricing squabble with them, but the quality is still there.
4	Ordered an iced french caramel latte which was delicious but strong! (not necessarily a bad thing). The barista was very laid-back, friendly (just struck up a conversation with us while we were waiting). The cafe itself is small, nothing fancy, but felt comfortable.
5	Seattle Espresso is my heroin. I was a loyal customer at the Foothills location for quite some time before they had to close down, so I am now a loyal Tempe customer. So far the transition has been perfect. The baristas are friendly, knowledgeable about what they're doing, and treat all customers, especially the loyal ones, exceptionally. Since I live in Ahwatukee this location is not as conveniently located as the Foothills location was, but it's completely worth the extra couple miles.My drink of choice is an iced White Russian Mocha, it is head and shoulders above the white chocolate mochas you would get at Starbucks (I feel dirty even mentioning it in the same sentence!), and I highly recommend it. If you try only one thing there, let it be the White Russian.
3	This is probably the best coffee shop I have been to in the area.  The coffee itself is very good.  So far my favorite drink has been the Iced Americano, and my boyfriend really enjoys the espresso.  The baristas are really friendly.  The inside of the shop leaves a little to be desired.  It would be nice if they had more comfortable seating.  This deterred me from coming here during the hotter months when it was impossible to sit outside.  Now that the weather is more reasonable, sitting outside is really nice, as they have a huge fountain right in front of the shop.  This is a great place for an early morning coffee date.  It's a shame their baked goods aren't better.
4	Friendly, cheerful service and unique coffee drinks.  I tried the iced white Russian mocha, which was smooth and refreshing.  They offer a decent range of sugar free Torani syrups, such as pumpkin spice, and the soy milk they use is nice that it's an organic brand.  It's definitely a good place to get your caffeine fix!
2	We woke up one morning, not feeling like making coffee at home and definitely not willing to deal yet again, with the craziness and weak coffee that is Einstein's.  Since their cappuccino making skills are sub-par, we decided to try this little place instead.We liked the fact that it wasn't busy, with plenty of available outdoor seating but then again, sometimes that's not such a good thing.  I order a cappuccino for here and I'm asked "hot or cold?".Huh?I asked for a cappuccino, not a cold cappuccino.  Why is that even a question?  For here, is supposed to mean, I want a proper porcelain cup, especially since you're serving up illy caffe italiano.  Didn't your sales rep offer you the porcelain cups?  I've got an entire set of cappuccino and espresso cups at home, that I kept when I sold my cafe.  If you didn't get a set then ask for it.  It makes a difference.Guess what I got?  A Starbucks knockoff of a cappuccino, in a paper cup, with the de rigeur ridiculously excessive amount of foam.  This is not a cappuccino.  This is how S-bux maintains such a high profit, by overcooking your milk, in order to fill your ridiculously large cup with foam.  Lot's of foam.  It looks more like a steaming hot bubble bath, in a paper cup!  So in essence, this place is nothing more than a mom n pop version of Starbucks.I wanted to like this place....I really did.  Might I suggest learning how to make a proper cappuccino, in the event you decide to separate yourselves from the ordinary crowd.In the meantime, I'll just keep making my coffee at home, when visiting the valley of the sun.
4	Excellent local coffee shop.  Better coffee than the chain places and the fastest wifi I've found yet.I'll become a regular for sure!My only wish is that they find a way to add some outdoor power outlets so I can plug in my laptop and/or phone.
4	Great coffee.  I might like this place because the weather is so good right now, but the coffee is great too.  I am an organic snob and these guys tend to have organic coffee for me as well.
4	Mmmmmm Coffeeeeeeeee.... was my first thought when I walked in here and got the whiff of coffee that hit me. It smelled amazing the minute I walked in. I always need my morning cup of joe before I even start my day. Thanks to yelp and the discussion thread that Lindsey started I really wanted to try this place out since it is so close to my work. I've heard a lot of good things about the White Russian Mocha so I had to try it out and I definitely wasn't disappointed! It was delicious and the staff there was also very friendly and welcoming. I really will have to come back here to try the rest of their menu and their other coffees. My only negative about this place was that it was a little hard to find. I drove around for a while before I actually found it because it is kind of tucked away in the back of the shopping center. I'll definitely be back here on my days where I don't have time to make my morning coffee. Thank you fellow yelpers for the recommendation as always. =)
4	LOVE this place.  Finally, someone that understands that coffee is not supposed to be burnt.  Everything tastes perfect and I find myself drinking it as if it were water.  I only wish that they had a 32 ounce option.  The 20 is good, but it's gone in 15 minutes.If you are near Warner and the 101, definitely give this place a try, it is phenomenal.  I would recommend either the Iced Cafe Mocha or the Iced White Russian Mocha.  Surprisingly, the raspberry-vanilla iced tea was great as well.
5	I've been a customer since I was in high school (almost a decade ago) and they have never fallen short. They still have the White Russian mocha which is my favorite coffee drink from anywhere! I love the staff and atmosphere too.
3	I don't believe in signs, but when I found out that the coffee shop closest to my house serves Batdorf and Bronson coffee, I shrieked. Although they are hardhearted in Olympia  they roast a lot of their coffee in Atlanta, literally next door to where I used to live. I would stop by the roasters daily to try new flavors, do blind tastings and bring people over for tours.Stupidly for me, I didn't get straight-up coffee (because it wasn't that kinda day for me) and instead opted for their specialty lattes since that seemed to be the popular thing to order. My white mocha latte was the epitome of what non-coffee lovers get when they order coffee: incredibly sweet, thick and sugary. After the ice melted I came home, added double the ice and blended it to make it lighter and that's when I really enjoyed it.I think next time I return and get something more oriented towards the flavor of the actual coffee, i'll be able to review them better.
5	I love a good cup of coffee. This place serves it up  with a great flavor and it really gives me a great jump start compared to other places.
5	Iced White Russian with an extra shot is the only way to go. It's DELICIOUS! This has been my go to coffee spot for years, and it will always be a favorite. Staff is very friendly, and it's nice having somewhere to go that is still about quality and service. Love sitting outside when it is nice out. Plus, they have a stamp card that gives you a free drink every ten drinks!
5	Love them. I drive out of my way to come here before work!
5	Whenever we're in town we always stop here.  It's the best coffee in Phoenix.  I always get the Iced  Bella Mocha and teenage son gets a latte with extra shots.  Each time we've stopped in we've had a different barista, but they've all been efficient and fast.  My only wish is that they had a shop in Tucson!
4	There need to be more little coffee shops like this in the area. I love hanging out here and doing homework. Everyone is very friendly and it nice that they have a stamp card so you can earn free drinks. I used to come here so much that they often gave me drinks for free too which was awesome!The only drawback is that the drinks aren't made as consistently as I would hope. Whenever I get a white russian mocha (lame coffee drink - I know) it is way way way too sugary unless Wayne makes it or I just got lucky. Sometimes it is so sugary I can barely drink it. I also noticed that their cold brew is probably the weakest I have had. This isn't necessarily bad for everyone but I do prefer it stronger.
5	I love This coffee shop! This is my first time here and it is great!  I got the white chocolate Russian. Very tasty. It has a nice atmosphere and friendly staff.  It is very relaxing to sit outside and listen to the fountain. I will have to come back again!
4	Great neighborhood coffee place. Baristas are very friendly and I love that they are very understanding of my needs and always make my decaf drink whether it is coffee or tea with a smile. Love the atmosphere here, from the fountain outside, to the tables where you can sit and chat with a friend. It definitely keeps me coming back.
5	Worth parking the car and walking in to get your daily cup of coffee or tea. Their espresso is amazing and the staff is always friendly and personable. I think it speaks volumes when staff works somewhere for a long time, instead of always seeing different faces. And there are some baristas that have been there for as long as I can remember! They truly value the regular customer and it's nice to have someone that recognizes you and knows your drink. The iced White Russian is my go to. I seriously have to stop in to get one every single time I'm in the area just because it is that good. I get a double shot of espresso and no whipped cream. They have almond milk as an option too, which is amazing!! Drink local! This place is such a gem. One of the few good places left!
5	Favorite coffee shop ever. If you truly like coffee, espresso, and/or tea, then go to Seattle. Period.
5	Seattle Espresso is an amazing coffee shop! Many of the baristas have been there a long time and their expertise shows. The espresso is flavorful and wonderful, one of the only places where I can drink the cold brew black. Also secret insider tip- two of the baristas have been amazing by letting the shop be open on Thanksgiving and Christmas. They leave it open until about 2. Definitely recommend! Anyone should try it out. :) If you prefer "frou frou" drinks, try a White Russian Mocha. Delicious. For those of you who appreciate espresso, the product used does not disappoint!
