3	Hey folks--as a former hotdogger (5 years at the SF and Daly City locations)--I know what is expected of you. If I approach the counter, I shouldn't have to stand there and wait for someone to come out from the back room. And then it happened twice--the veggie dog was excellent as always. Where was the peel in my lemonade? That's just HDS 101. Dave's watching you, you know. Then I came back to refill my lemonade and I waited even longer for someone to appear. When I asked for a refill--not a free one--just a refill that doesn't waste another cup, the girl told me, "That's at the full price." Yeah...I just didn't want to waste another giant cup--I know you have to count the cups at night, but heaven forbid you're one cup over. But whatever, I'm just a California hippie.
5	Pros- * every Tuesday corndogs are a BUCK! * fast service * friendly staff Cons -  * N/ATips-* Keep your lemonade / chiller cups for a refill.  They charge, but it's less than a dollar to refill.* Try the funnel cake stick  $2.75   (free samples available)
5	Did you grow up in So Cal like I did!?Then you KNOW what I'm talking about. This little gem of a Hot Dog place was in about every mall there was...Just about the best damn corn dog you ever had. But they call it "Hot Dog on a Stick" obviously, but,  you say potato....It is 250 calories... It is a Turkey Link, dipped in batter, deep fried to a golden, delish goodness.. .It is great. ( Not the healthiest thing you can mow on, obviously, but  hey, at least it's pretty low cal. But not if you eat 3....)You can also get cheese on a stick, if you prefer. Or even a veggie dog.The lemonade is pretty good, but the sugar free one, not so much. But what sugar free beverage ever is, really?The employees are always super nice, and  pretty fast. But keep in mind for the really impatient types, they have to actually DIP the darn thing in and fry it up, and they do it only AFTER you order it. The don't have a bunch of previously fried Hot Dogs on a Stick lying around. Which is great for flavor's sake...but remember  that may take 3 to 5 minutes, so control yourselves, and try to be nice to them, especially when they have a long line.  Enjoy!
4	How can you go wrong with Cheese on a Stick?  My absolute fave that I must have whenever I see a Hot Dog on a Stick.  This was in the Fashion Show Mall food court and the only downside was the line of other HDOS fans.  Other than that, service was great and the food was cheesy and delish! :)Thanks, cheese, for being so awesome and delicious!
4	It is an immutable fact that everything is better on a stick.  Steak?  Great.  Steak kebabs?  Awesome.  Mango lassi?  Delicious.  Mango lassi popsicles?  Amazing.  Hot dogs?  Scrumptious.  Corn dogs?  Heavenly.  Apples?  Pretty good.  Caramel apples on a stick?  Yes, please!  Jar Jar Binks?  Completely intolerable.  Jar Jar Binks impaled by an iLightsaber and propped up?  A wonderful experience.  Course, that last one might have more to do with the fact that he's dead at that point, but still...So, Hot Dog on a Stick?  Well of course it's going to be delicious!  The hot dogs they use are full of flavour, the batter is clearly laced with Celonian huffing spices, and they're typically cooked to perfection.  Their lemonade, whilst not actually on a stick, tastes about as good as any drink possibly can without truthfully being on a stick.  Last time The Dark Side had filled me with murderous rage, Yoda just calmly handed me a corn dog and a drink from here, and suddenly everything was OK again.  That's how powerful these products are.  Earth has been spared on more than one occasion because of this place.It's mall food, which means you never know what kind of service you're going to get.  For that, I'll dock it a point.  But otherwise?  Generally if I'm in a food court and see one, I'll make a line for it.  Unfortunately, there aren't too many of them up here where I've headquartered the New Empire, but whenever I'm in Vegas and wanting to go look at a crashed UFO and wonder why the hell the Deathstar's designers didn't take aerodynamics into consideration when creating it, I'll grab a dog on a stick and a lemonade from here.4 Deathstars.
3	This is the first hot dog on a stick I've been to where they don't freshly squeeze sugar free lemonade for you...and ask you how many Splendas you'd like.  The food court was slow as molasses...but I guess that's just a time saving technique.  The hot dog was cooked well...not overly cooked.  Overall, your usual fare.  3 stars.
3	Hot Dog on a Stick! If you come here, you must always leave with two things: a Hot Dog on a Stick and a Giant Lemonade! No reason not too! I tried Popeyes for the first time which is located next to this place and it was plain and boring. This place always does the trick and the workers did their job and nothing special stood out. Aside from the short lines that were present. I easily would choose to eat this in San Francisco and would eat it in any other town.
4	So yummy but they need sodas bc not everyone wants lemonade.
1	I came at 840 pm on a Monday night and the employee working there said they were closed!  I was sad because I wanted my cherry lemonade, fries, and American cheese On a stick! I bet this location is not hitting sales because they close early!
5	Silly me! Out wandering around at the Fashion Show Mall and decide to grab a hot dog on a stick. Delightful! The young gentleman behind the counter was polite, courteous, friendly and made the perfect lunch for me. Also, the lemonade really hit the spot!Hur-raw for Hot Dog On A Stick!
4	Came here as we were visiting from Seattle area and they all closed down near us.  The food was great as usual, and the guy working at the counter (Rodrigo) was very friendly and great customer service you don't normally get in a fast food restaurant , especially a food court.  The 60 calorie large lemondade was great as well.
4	Dollar corn dogs on tuesdays...Score!Located conveniently in the Fashion Show mall. Funnel cake sticks are amazing and only  $2.75.
5	Destiny and Seth are great. Great customer service. Quickly made the food with a fun sense of humor, too!
5	I was in love with Hot Dog on a Stick as a child growing up in California and every time I go to Las Vegas I HAVE TO get a corndog and that sweet homemade lemonade at Fashion Show Mall. I love that they hand dip their corn dogs (fresh never frozen!) and that they come out piping hot and delicious!! You can actually see them making the fresh lemonade (also yum!!) - it makes quite the refreshing treat after a long day at the mall/walking the strip. If you are a fan of corn dogs, you need to come here. If getting excited about corn dogs is wrong, then I don't want to be right.
2	Absolutely love this place! The only reason I'm giving this place such a low rating though is because of a staff member. I completely understand that you're gonna chit chat when it's slow. But I think out of respect, you should stop when you have customers in front of you. When I was there the other day, Gabby would continue to talk. The other person she worked with greeted EVERY customer and did all of the register work while she yapped away in the background. She wasn't even having an appropriate conversation either. She was talking down about an old friend of hers and even called the person a "dumbass" right in front of customers.This is not good customer service. The girl is young, but she should be taught some work ethic. She should stop talking so much when there is customers and actually work. Not just stand around.Other than that, I enjoyed my visit.
