5	I LOVE this Jazzercise with a passion! Jeri is AMAZING and really has a way to make all her Jazzercisers feel comfortable. I am new to Fountain Hills and went to a class for the first time. I LOVED IT!!! Such a great workout...and not boring (like at the gym) Jeri keeps the energy high and makes the classes VERY enjoyable! Time went by SO fast!I absolutely LOVE IT!!! Cant wait for my next class!:-)
5	Jeri's jazzercise class is awesome! While visiting a friend in Fountain Hills from NYC  I was brought to this class. The class, music and workout were great. Jeri's energy keeps you moving while getting a great calorie burning workout in. As a local NYer with endless gym options I was impressed and wish we had something like this back home. Taking this class is a MUST if you're in the Fountain Hills area!
5	I love Jeri H.  She is the best.  The instructors of this jazzercise are awesome.  Jeri makes everything seem easy and fun.  As a snowbird, I look forward to coming down to the valley and joining jazzercise for the time I am here.  I love the people & the instructors Jeri & Jan are terrific.  I haven't met our newest instructor Liz because I usually go at 8 am and start my mornings off with a really good wake up!  Everything is high energy & fun.  Even if you can't get the move, you do eventually & if you fake until you make it, that is okay by Jeri.  Jazzercise is big down here in AZ, but back home it is Zumba and although it looks like fun, I cannot do it as I have some issues that prevent it.  There are Jazzercise classes, just a long distance away & sporadic.  I love that Jeri has a class everyday & several a day if you need & even on the weekend.  It is awesome & although we go home soon, when we come back down, one of my first stops is Jazzercise of Fountain Hills & Jeri's class!!!
5	My mom did this program for about a year and she lost SO much weight! It motivated her in her life and I could see progress in her sense of being as well as progress in her weight control. She loved the jazzercize classes and I can honestly say I was impressed with her progress!
