5	Loooove Mystic Jewell!I've been coming here for about a year for dance lessons. It's a great way to get a workout and meet new people. It's a little expensive (I think it's about 5 classes for $70) but it's worth it.This place offers bellydancing, bhangra, Bollywood and hip hop dance classes. It's a very relaxed environment, which is  cool and unlike some other dance places I've gone.The best part is the mix of people you will see in various classes here: ASU women's studies students, tattooed ladies, moms, professionals who just want a workout, people who want to try something new... it's very cool.Plus, they do recitals at the end of the class periods which let you show off a bit. You can check their schedules out online, their new classes start every two months or so. Many of the instructors here are in different world dance troupes around the city, so they're fun and really into what they do. I try to drag my friends here all the time after work, and when they finally come, they love it.
4	This place is not only pretty to step into, it makes you feel as if you've been transported to another time and place with ethnic wares for sale, bellydance music, videos, costuming and instruction and a real cozy community feeling. Staff is friendly, informative and instructors are kind and knowledgeable.
5	I had taken some belly dance, but in a much smaller setting.  I am overweight and older, so I was nervous to try a new belly dance class venue, but Plaza de Anaya is great!  Very welcoming of all levels of students, with a great dance floor, excellent instructors and a strong community feeling.  Now I'm addicted.  I can tell this is a great place for the more advanced dancers as well, and they host workshops with famous dancers from around the country.  Highly recommended!
5	Plaza is my home away from home! The atmosphere is so warm (not just because of all the dancers-lol) and comforting. It is certainly a smorgasbord of dance, music, laughter, and just pure love, for the art of the dance language and "sisterhood." If you haven't been here before, you need to stop in, even if only to see the merchandise (mucho variety!!!!).
5	I LOVE Plaza De Anaya!!! Kimberly (the owner) is so sweet...Every time I've walked in that door, everyone  at the counter has always been very nice and welcoming..I have taken some really good workshops and classes there  "WOW"...Every  show and event  there  has  been  amazing l!!!! I've also met some wonderful  people from the dance community  at that stufio..It is home away from home for sure.. Ohhhh and the shopping there is wonderful as well..The  prices for workshops and classes are worth every penny..Not too expensive at all..My best wishes and love to Plaza De Anaya and everyone in it!!!! Your awsome Kimberly!!!!!! Love ya...
5	Very awesome! Made me feel confident and comfortable. Was lots of fun, Im signing up for another class :)
5	I decided to give the belly dance bootcamp class a try here (no prior experience). I did a drop-in for last class of the session and had a blast (there was a lot of movement to "Walk Like an Egyptian"). Environment was really relaxed and it was nice to see a variety of fitness levels, experience, and ages among the students.
