5	Wow what a great experience!  So thankful that SRP referred me to these guys.  They were punctual, well spoken (in that they could explain things to me in a language I could understand), knowledgeable and reasonably priced.  They removed our old swamp cooler, repaired the duct systems and when they suspected our dryer vent wasn't connected right they fixed that too, all in one visit.  Awesome.  I will be using them for all my A/C needs from now on.
5	Absolute Zero installed a new AC and heating system in our home a couple of years ago.  They gave us the best price and the best warrantee, and we compared several dealers.  Since then, they have been servicing our home and they do a wonderful job.  They send out an email the day before your appointment with a picture and bio of the technician who will be coming to your home.  The technician arrives on time and is very clear about explaining what he is doing and what (if any) repairs are recommended.  I highly recommend this company to anyone looking for quality service!
5	I had an issue with my AC unit that was connected to ventilation with my swamp cooler. One summer the AC stopped functioning and my house got very humid and I couldn't get my house cool. I tried a few 'popular' valley air conditioner repair companies and was sorely disappointed at their ability to fix my issue. After a month of headache, I got fed up and called SRP, and they referred me to this repairman. Absolute Zero was like finding a glass of ice water in the hell of the Phoenix summer.The main repairman who came to my house was incredible. He had more devices to test the AC and quality of air coming through vents in my home than Inspector Gadget. He took out my swamp cooler, calibrated my AC, and found out my dryer was not hooked up to the vent correctly causing excess humidity. As soon as he was done, I couldn't quite turn my AC down to the bottom of the Kelvin scale, but I could enough to see my breath.
1	Brought these guys out to look at my broken AC. Punctual and polite, the technician was nice but they wanted to charge me more than double what three other companies quoted me. When I tried to discuss this with the office manager she got rude and hung up on me. Additionally while the tech found the issue my unit had, he didn't find the root problem. The fix they offered would have lasted months at best.
2	They were polite and prompt. But that's where the positives end for Absolute Zero. I'm currently shopping for a new Trane A/C unit. I drove by and saw their van parked in my neighborhood so I decided to give them a call. They were 40% higher than the other quotes I've received. I was quoted $8,200 for a new trane installed. Make sure you shop around, the A/C business is a very sketchy business in Arizona. I'm sure they do good work and they are SRP certified but to me the price is just way too high.
5	Exceptional company. Goes the extra mile and really knows the ins and outs of AC and Heating. They have put in new AC/Heating systems in 3 of my homes over the years.  I wouldn't hire any other company.
1	Worst a/c company I ever dealt with. I had them come out to unclog my condensation line and before Marc looked at the unit he was trying to sell me two connectors. He jerked around for 1 hour and installed the two $4.00 pvc connectors ( which I didn't need_) and finally unclogged the pvc line. It took 5 min to install the two connectors and when they billed me I was shocked to see they charged $90.00 for two $4.00 parts and five minutes labor. He also cut a 6 in sq hole in my wall inside the garage because he thought the line might be leaking but it was not but still left the hole. I talked to David the owner about this. He tried to double talk me until he realized I knew as much as he did about the problem. Don't use them.....
