3	Did not eat but wanted to comment on this place and get it on the Yelp map.  Bar area had a sports bar feel with many flat screens scattered throughout the bar.  Cathedral ceiling had to be 30 ft high and side walls were all windows overlooking outdoor seating area.  I just liked the vibe in the place,  Guinness was ok, they just need to learn how to pour it.  I would stop back to try the eats the next time in the area because the building is pretty cool and the staff was friendly!
4	Great eatery!  Large open place, with a nice decor.  Food and service was great.  Modest placement of Tv's for the sports bar feel.
1	We ate here a few weeks ago, for our wedding anniversary. It was a Tuesday, and we just wanted someplace to get a nice bite to eat, without long lines or crazy prices, but someplace appropriate with some kids. We should have kept looking, apparently. The older boys (I'm still feeding the baby) each got the kids' pizza meals. Not their own little bitty pizzas, but two very thin-crust slices with pepperoni. I think these came straight from the freezer at the closest grocery store. Both kids were still starving after this. My husband ordered the fajitas. They smelled really good and came out on the standard sizzling plate, but were only OK. Also, the beans were cold, the cold cheese on top wasn't even close to melting. I had the ravioli (artichoke and spinach maybe? I can't remember for sure but it was definitely meatless). There was almost no flavor to speak of, AND the pasta part of the ravioli was hard. I had a choice of marinara or alfredo and went with the red. I think it came from the same grocery store as the kids' pizzas. One bright spot: the placemats for the kids were good and they got a large cup full of crayons. This place looks nice on the outside but I don't plan on eating there ever again. Also the acoustics are insane in the dining area (the bar section looked even worse) - and we were the only people there for the first half of our meal.
3	I used to come here almost nightly when it first opened (2  years ago-ish?). The atmosphere is by far the best thing it has going for it. Its a challenge to find something similar in the small city of Sun Prairie.  Its clean, new, spacious, and the outdoor patio is wonderful in the summer.  The  food leaves a little to be desired.  Excluding the bar food/appetizers, nothing on the menu has any flavor.  Its a tad overpriced, but if you dont want to be at a hick bar or a smokey hell hole, its worth the premium.
3	The food is decent. The atmosphere is nice. The kids menu is appropriately priced but the other food tends to be expensive and not fantastic. Their happy hour specials do tend to be good though.
4	Have been there a few times always good food and service.
5	Dinner is kinda hit and miss here, but they were on tonight.  Fantastic blackened ribeye, blue cheese and hoops sandwich.  The drink specials are pretty decent too.  5/5 tonight!
4	Great local sports bar and grill. Had a good burger here.
2	I've tried this joint a couple of times now and feel very comfortable skipping it from now on. Cavernous and sooo noisy. Not very cold beers served with no head at all. I mean, come on, we're in Wisconsin, right? Super gross cheese curds, which is the one offense this aficionado cannot forgive. What are those, Velveeta?? We never saw a server and went to the bar to order.. so not cool, especially given the large platters that were never cleared from our table. Yup, amateur. When we can play darts and watch large screen tvs anywhere, you're going to have to work a little harder to keep the grownups around.
1	Epic fail! horrible food. The beer was the only thing worth while.
1	Stopped here cuz of the presence of "Steve the Homer True" and his sports radio talk show. Echo most comments on atmosphere, dark wood,nice ambiance very large, [almost to a fault] etc..I am a HUGE fan of service,which was non-existent here,and there were only 8-10 customers in the whole place..Walked in,stood at bar for 4-5 minutes,was ignored by 2 servers that walked by,and there was no bartender in sight!?..Finally left with no contact,and went to a more reliable venue in Sun Prairie- So can only rate this place based on service.Service is like defense in sports,you CAN do it if you have some  desire and some coaching.
2	I want to like Cannery Grill.  It's hard though.  I think my last visit was just that... my last  visit.  The server was attentive, rightly so, we were one of 5 table on a weeknight around dinner time.  I ordered the special, which was a filet, it was cooked, under seasoned...  the sides were average.  The meal came with one of those bake and serve dinner rolls, which must have been baked a day or two ago and served to me as a dry pale stale rock.  My wife and I agreed that we'll pass the cannery up from here on out and go elsewhere.
4	Love this place!  Refreshing alternative to the usual food we've found in this area. Great brew selection, good food & atmosphere.  Have eaten here twice this  vacation...will definitely be back!
1	Don't waste your time.  My family was coming to town for dinner, so my boyfriend and I  looked for a new place to take them.  - This was a huge mistake.The place WAS NOT busy when we arrived at prime dinner hour- 6:30ish.  We had a party of  5, pretty average family size.  They took a minute to "arrange a table".  They sat us at a one piece circular table (not sure why it'd take more than 10 seconds to seat us but whatever, no big deal).  We waited for about 30 MINUTES for anyone to even acknowledge us.  Meanwhile the managing staff walk by our table more than 10 times, never once stopped and said "someone will be right with you".  Finally a waitress appears, one I haven't seen walking around in the 30 minutes we've been there.  I personally think she was late getting to work but she had an excuse right off the bat of "sorry, we're really busy tonight" ... um no they weren't.   Besides it was Saturday night, now at 7:00pm... a sports bar SHOULD be swamped with a badger game on and all.  We ordered drinks and our food at the same time, hoping this would make up for lost time.We didn't get our drinks until probably 7:20 (2 beers, 1 pop and 3 of the 5 waters we ordered), our food didn't come until about 7:50 maybe even 8pm (we were promised several times the food was done and would be out soon).  The whole time the waitress had excuses for why things were so slow.  I'm the type of person who doesn't like excuses.  I'm all for a simple apology but continuous slow service and poor excuses doesn't make me like my experience any more than if you didn't make excuses.Finally by the end of the meal the manager came over and apologized with his excuse, which was the same excuse the waitress used a time or two - they had ran out of ribs.  No one at our table ordered ribs, not sure why that was a reason for our bad customer service.So they took 20% off our bill.  I won't ever waste my time on this place again.  The food was "fine" - not great, not bad but definitely not worth the time spent. - Now they can enjoy their 80% of a ZERO bill.
4	Good drink and appetizer specials & a good.selection of burgers! That's what we were craving and The Cannery delivered!  We chose to sit in the bar to watch football, so we were expecting food service to be a bit slow, but it was surprisingly quick!Good American food!
3	Stopped-in for drinks after eating dinner at another location.  As most of the reviews have already mentioned, the place is large - you definitely pick-up on the factory/open space vibe.  There's a decent tap selection, and there's plenty of seating in the bar area.  Two brews set-us back just under $10 without tip.  There were a ton of servers checking on people in the bar; we must have had four different people stop to ask if we needed anything.  The patio out front looks wonderful; I may have to stop by when the weather turns nice again.
4	We've always enjoyed the food and the service was fine.  I've been here with my wife and a big group from the office.  Same experience.
1	ok, tried once a few years ago, failing memory forced me to not know why we didn't go back... but my experience last Saturday night made it clear that I will never, ever, ever be getting back together... oops, I mean going to eat here. Drinks in the bar? Sure... restaurants really is not good.... Saturday night 7pm empty dining room shoulda made me run away... but i didnt... waitress barely said hello, seemed SO angry.. we ordered drinks, and the pot stickers -they came out.. pork pot stickers and they were cold... ick, so we waited to return them.. and no one ever came back to the table.. salads come out, and i have lots of brown lettuce....i put it on bread plate( waiting for second drink.. and when i asked our angry waitress where it was, she said it was ordered and looked at me like duh i forgot it) so food comes out... portions tiny... and so so... whole experience suxked to be honest. too bad cause i want it to be good! bye bye cannery grille.... bad,bad service, icky food and snottiness not for me!!
5	This is the place to go on Monday evenings. Half priced great delicious burgers. Also buy a pint of any of 24 tap beers and receive it in a 20oz mug. Not bad for $7.50. Friendly sports environment in the bar with lots of TV'S.
1	Weak food (burger was a frozen Sysco patty), weak service.  Why waste the time?
1	Lunch from Hell.  A colleague of mine and I decided to have lunch there yesterday.  It was dead.  They seated us.  After about 15 minutes and no one taking an order, I started looking around and caught the girl's eye who sat us.  She asked if anyone had been to our table yet.   She immediately got someone to take our order.  When our waitress came back with our drinks and appetizer, she then proceeded to dump the entire tray in my lap!  After I cleaned myself up, she moved us to another table.  She replaced our drinks and brought out another appetizer.  When I flipped that napkins over that she brought with our app, I see tomato sauce smudges on them.  The entrees arrived without risk to life and limb.  when she brought the bill (yes, she gave us a bill), she mentioned that she took the appetizer off the bill.  I never saw a manager.  The entire meal should have been taken care of.  This has to be the worst restaurant experience I've had in the entire Madison area.
2	I came here because I was visiting a friend in Madison and we wanted to go to a place that had good food and a nice atmosphere. The Cannery seemed like a good choice contrary to the negative Yelp reviews. But, we should have listened to Yelp because above all else, the food was not good.The service surprisingly was- I had no issues at all with it, and the host and our server were great. = One star given aboveThe atmosphere was nice, as was the convenient location = second star givenBut some things were odd-1. The empty dining room on a Saturday night....this place should be a little more crowded eh?We shared the cheese curds to start, but honestly it's Wisconsin can anyone really mess those up?Next, I had a cup of chicken noodle soup, the flavoring was very strange and I didn't really like it. Needed salt and less of whatever they put in it. For my meal I had the cajun chicken and shrimp pasta. THIS WAS NOT GOOD DO NOT GET IT. It was so spicy, and the chicken had a weird consistency, I'm really not sure if it was cooked. The sauce was gross too. The other people at my table were somewhat satisfied with their food but we won't be back unless it's just to drink or something. Def not for food aside from appetizers though.
