3	I suppose that I like what they've done with the Waterfront in Homestead.  It has almost everything you could want.  A Filene's Basement, a Loew's Movie Theatre, TGIFridays, Dick's Sporting Goods, Dave and Busters, etc.  But whenever I come here, I feel a little unsettled.  You see, this was once the site of a mammoth US Steel Mill, the Homestead Works.  When it closed down, Homestead really shrivelled up and the land sat vacant for many years.  I used to see this wasteland every time my family went to Kennywood.  I wonder how many people know that this was once the site of one of the bloodiest labor battles in US history.  Henry Frick attempted to break the union  and in April 1892 had contracted with the Pinkerton National Detective Agency to provide security at the plant. His intent was to open the works with nonunion men on July 6. Knox devised a plan to get the Pinkertons onto the mill property. With the mill ringed by striking workers, the agents would access the plant grounds from the river.  The union laborers were ready for them though and were armed.  In the end, several men on each side were killed and the union actually lost in this case.  Joe Grusheckey and the Houserockers did a song memorializing Homestead.  A portion of which goes:"Heard about Frick and Carnegie the day the river ran redHow the union caved in, in HomesteadIt was more than a job it was my familyI got married, settled down, bought a homeAnd in the bars down the street, in the late summer heatYou never had to feel aloneI got work tearin' those old mills downUntil there's nothing left but the sweat and blood in the groundAt night we tuck our little babies in bedWe still pray to the red, white and blue in HomesteadI'm still livin' in Homestead"As I walk along the Waterfront of Homestead, I wonder how many locals this has benefitted.  No doubt that jobs were created and valuable land put back to use.  But replacing the good jobs once held by millworkers with part-time retail jobs?
2	While it's nice they took the an abandoned steel works and revitalized it, did they have to put in such a bland and suburban outdoor mall?  Couldn't they design it with some style architecturally?  And couldn't they at least reference the historical aspects of this site more than just leaving up some token machinery here and there?It's close to my parents so we come here all the time but this kind of place gives me the heebie jeebies.
3	Two videos for your consideration:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8BMlL_PFMYandhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ze8UXPAQbaI
4	Its pretty fun here. Selection of restaurants and some things to do at night like Dave and Buster's, movie theater, a Piano Bar and Comedy Club. I have friends that live about 40 mins from Pittsburgh so the Waterfront is closer and we usually have a good time there.
2	As far as revitalizations go, it is nice, but I wish that they had done more than make it a suburban strip center paired with an exurban cluster of parking lots.  Isn't the entire point of Urban Revitalization to bring in a more pedestrian friendly atmosphere?  I always thought it was.  It is not about creating more sprawl.  Yes, the new Boxes that have been plopped down are nice due to the context within; but this is far from something to sings odes of joy about.  We don't need any more glorified, "luxury" strip centers.  I agree with Jean K's assessment of the situation entirely.  This design was just plopped in place and the only local flavor is the bridge that was present.  Where is the thought?  Where is the design?   We can see this Anywhere, USA.Having said that, though, I will return because the Waterfront does house certain big box retailers that you can't find in Pittsburgh Proper.  I really wish they had created a less suburban scheme and more contextual and conceptual design.
1	I live in Squirrel Hill, which means that getting to the Waterfront can either take 15 minutes or an hour, depending on the random traffic conditions across the bridge. Once in the Waterfront, there is literally nothing unique about the stores that populate the complex. There is every mid-level big box store you can think of, but nothing particularly upscale. The architectural elements of the former steel mill are kind of interesting, but there was no effort to incorporate them into an overall theme. The worst part is that once you get there, you still have to drive everywhere! If you go to Lowes, it's about a half a mile to the Target, so you have to get in your car and drive again. Terrible atmosphere. While some of the stores might (!) get higher ratings, the overall complex gets an F.
4	There is so much to do here!PROS:Plenty of food options (ranging from Fast Food to Quasi-Fine Dining)Plenty of shopping options from specialty to general retail.TheaterBike Trail AccessBarsEntertainment (SingSing, The Improv & Sandcastle)CONS:very crowded on the weekendsParking is Poo in the "Square"TIP:  Damon's has closed (not surprised)My Faves (for food):PF ChangsLonghornMitchell's Fish MarketYokosoRight now they're working on the Rankin Bridge and traffic is hell!  They're supposed to be finished with it sometime in September.
2	Ahhh, the Waterfront, that wonderful combination of shopping, dining, and entertainment. Where to start? First, there are way too many chain restaurants here. Yokoso is one of the indie places here and they have wonderful sushi. The AMC theater is one of the finest movie theaters in the area. Dave and Busters has a niche that they fulfill, video games are abundant, the food is So-so, the booze is expensive. Sing-Sing is OK if you like that sort of entertainment. The Improv is a great comedy club and gets well known comics. I believe Uno's is the only one in the city. I'm pleading for any local chef to please open a quality local restaurant with great food that all doesn't taste like chain food. Honestly, I'm sooooooooo tired of seeing blue cheese burgers on every menu. Pasta with grilled chicken, wraps, burritos, chicken fingers, cheese sticks, and pizza with weird toppings, it's all been done to death! The Barnes and Nobel is one of the best in the city, but the rest of the waterfront is the normal mall fillers you see anywhere. When the Waterfront was new it was awesome, but time has caught up with it, and management needs to find new ways to keep it fresh.
3	Ah, The Waterfront, hated and loved by all in Sq Hill, Greenfield and Homestead. As John B noted, getting there is a total crap shoot.  Will it be 10 minutes, or will there be someone actually driving 25 mph over the bridge? Who knows!The Waterfront itself is fine, though overall not very walkable. If you took the bus there and have errands at Macy's and Best Buy, plan on a solid 30 - 45 minutes of walking to get back to the bus stop. There are plenty of stores and restaurants to keep you entertained, though.  Some of my favorite stores are Ann Taylor Loft, Macy's, & TJ Maxx; and you can find good food at Gran Agave, Mitchell's and Long Horn. I suppose what I like most about The Waterfront is that once I get there, I can accomplish all my errands in that location.
5	Incredible accomplishment to bring that scale of development to Homestead...I still can't believe someone convinced so many Big Box  retailers to invest millions into an old steel mill with technically the ghetto being right across the tracks..It's been roughly 12 years now and that place is absolutely packed on the weekends, and pulls a very strong crowd during the week also for the "open air shopping mall" In my opinion The Waterfront is an incredible place to spend a Friday or Saturday evening on a date,  with many different cuisines to choose from---or to have a few drinks and enjoy a comedy show....The dueling pianos at Sing Sing is always a great time & of course Dave and Busters for the kid in all of us....If your looking for the frat party atmosphere---GO TO THE SOUTH SIDE---My only complaint about the Waterfront is not enough local businesses or smaller shops can afford the rent, so hopefully Homestead gets it's act together and cleans up 8th Ave (Kind of like how the South Side did 30 years ago when Carson St was the ghetto)
3	It's a mall!It's outside!Let's all act like these aren't the same chain stores IN EVERY OTHER CORNER OF THE COUNTRY! Why would you want an outdoor mall somewhere that gets snow?  Beats me!  Yay, let's celebrate with a $8 corporate coffee beverage!Admitting to liking the Waterfront is tantamount to saying "I love big box stores and will gladly buy all the crap they push at me.  I am obviously bereft of taste."But that's really mean and I don't want to drink TOO much hater-aide.I have never: waited in line for popcorn at the mega theater,  had to 'look' for a parking space in front of the Barnes and Noble, had anything but the best service at all the establishments.Jobs for locals are wonderful!  It's just sad that they aren't at small/med sized businesses that are integral parts of the community.But real life kids, it's a mall.  Don't get your panties in a wad.
4	The Waterfront is a great place to go for shopping, food, and fun.  It is a great outdoor mall, and if it is a nice day outside, there is not place better to be for shopping.  It is a fantastic outdoor area that is perfect to have a great day with your family to walk around.  Not to mention, there is a Starbucks right in the center of the plaza!
3	What Can I say about the Waterfront? It's got everything you need - food, shopping, entertainment. All in the same vacinity, but so far apart. I wouldn't categorize it as a one stop shop, to enjoy all the fruits of the Waterfront, you really need a car. Let's talk about food. We've all heard the saying, you shouldn't go grocery shopping on an empty stomach, so before you hit up Costco or the gigantic Giant Eagle you may want to check out what dining the WF offers. There are plenty of cuisines from which to choose. In the mood for Mexican? Gran Agave has got you covered. Yokoso is right across the street if you're into Japanese or take a short stroll to P.F. Changs for some Chinese. Bravo does Italian, while Rock Bottom, Bar Louie, UNO and T.G.I.Fridays all offer American fare. Of course these are all chains, but have no fear anti-chain dwellers - on the other side of the tracks you will find gems such as Blue Dust, Smoke and Tin Front Cafe. If you're in a hurry, Panera, Stake 'n Shake, and that golden arch will sate you're belly in a pinch.Onto shopping - Costco, Dick's Sporting Goods, Target, DSW, Best Buy, Lowe's, Bed Bath & Beyond, Ulta, A&F, Victoria's Secret, Old Navy, T.J Maxx, Macy's...the list goes on. Whatever you need, chances are will find it somewhere at the WF. Entertainment - movies, comedy clubs, dueling piano bars and Dave & Busters.
4	Lots of restaurants and lots of shopping.  Yes you see the large national chains like Fridays, Longhorn, PF Changs, Panera, Red Robin, Chick Fil A but you also have Bravo's and Mitchell's seafood (smaller chains).  Nearby Best Buy, Costco, Giant Eagle, Lowes, Target, Macy's and much more.  Great place to walk around!
3	This area is slowly sliding into oblivion.  It's sad that your anchor type stores have left.  American Eagle Outfitters, Abercrombie & Fitch, Hollister, Pac Sun, abercrombie, Cold Stone Creamery all gone.  One restaurant space has gone through multiple tenants but cannot seem to land a permanent one.It is convenient to shop there with the strip of stores that vary in variety, Target, Giant Eagle, Dick's Sporting Goods, Petco, Marshall's, Old Navy, Best Buy, Lowe's all in a line, but a big empty two level space on the end.  I remember the excitement of the Waterfront when it first opened and everyone flocked to the area to experience the open air shopping.  I even remember working there, it was bustling.  Now it seems to have fallen on hard times, much like Century III did when it opened.  Maybe blame East Liberty's boom for retail or South Side Works.  But something needs to be done to bring people back in, several shoe/clothing stores that can be found anywhere in Pittsburgh isn't going to draw as many people as it use to.  The parking lots have kind of become an obstacle course to drive through.  Resembling a Motor-cross track.  The roads aren't much better.  If it wasn't for the big box stores, shopping down there wouldn't be worth it.  As malls go, this one is not one to visit.Dining however is much better with a pretty good variety from the Pittsburgh staple, Eat N Park to the quick drive thru of McDonald's.  Other places to try: Red Robin, TGIFridays, Steak N Shake, Chic-Fil-A, Rock Bottom, Bar Louie, Bravo, P.F. Chang's, Dave and Buster's, Yokoso, Panera Bread, Mitchell's Fish Market, Gran Agave, Pittsburgh Burger Co., and Uno's.
4	I come here a lot in the summer. It's a well designed out door mall. They have dave busters, fuddruckers, lowes movie threater, and barns & nobles. There's starbucks, target, best buy, and a lot more. There's also a nice walk trail with displays of history of homestead. Which I find pretty neat. What I like is the design, stores, and walking trail.The bad is Homestead a bad area crime wise. So be careful leaving at night. This being a outdoor mall, bad weather will stop you from coming here.
4	The quality of the stores at the waterfront tends to vary, as the waterfront seems to have a split personality, but if you're looking for one stop shopping close to town then this is the place to go. One half of the waterfront consists of the movie theater, and a selection of upscale shops, complete with a Macys, Express, Aeropostale and the like. The dining options there consist mostly of sit down chain restaurants (Panera, P.F. Changs, etc). The other half of the waterfront is a strip of larger stores, that is decidedly less upscale. This strip includes Giant Eagle (a market district location), Bed Bath and Beyond, Target, and Lowes hardware.
4	Add Dicks Sporting Goods, Rock Bottom Brewery, Dave and Busters, Uno's Marshall's, DSW shoes, Lowes Hardware, Panera, Barnes and Noble, Macy's (smaller one) and a lot of specialty stores in the outdoor mall area.
5	HOO-RAY for free parking this close to the city.Lots of stores, a movie theater and Costco!  Of course its all chains and it's starting to show its 15 years of age in spots but without the waterfront I think us east lenders would be a lot worse off.I did buy gift cards here a few times.  To do so you have to find their obscure office that is near the public bathrooms but you need to go around back.
5	Shopping? Entertainment? Food? Free and ample parking?*Also, has SBX  :)  *Name it and you got it here! :)It's a beautiful place to just hang out, if not anything, on a nice day implies not very nice to go during the winters! it's an open strip mall, so you'd be pissed off to move from stpre to store on a bad weather-day!Love the photo booth in AMC!Make sure you go to the D&B = Dave and Busters. It was great fun, when I went with my friends, who enjoy stupid games! :PAnd, yes, there's Costcos, target n even giant eagle!For people without a car, you have direct buses - 61 D and 64 (that I know of!).
3	Decent shopping area in Pittsburgh.  Was very clean and offered a good variety of shops.  I'm not from the area so I don't know exactly how long this place has been in existence but there were a number of vacant stores.  The area itself was nice and sits on the edge of the Ohio River.  Didn't spend much time here but it reminded me of Town Square in Las Vegas if anyone has ever had the pleasure of going.I think this place has some nice potential and would actually be quite enjoyable at night time as I could see this place lighting up during the night.
5	I really like the Waterfront. It's very clean and walkable. I really don't have much else to say about it other than it appears to be a nice addition to the community, which fell on hard times with the death of the steel industry. I'd like to explore it some more in the future.
5	I love it down there!  Especially on a pretty night.  This is a good place to go whether it's day or night.  Even in the winter it is very pretty when it snows.  They hang white lights on everything and it is very pretty.  There is truly something for everyone!  Restaurants range from Eat N'Park to fine dining.  The Lowes theater is very impressive.  They even have an IMAX inside!  There are lots of shops to visit and everything is within walking distance of each other.  There are also comedy clubs and bars to visit in the evening.  The whole area is kept very clean and due to the way they have the whole area situated you don't even feel like you are in the city.  You can't even hear the highway traffic!
3	Eh? I don't know what other kind of reaction to have about the Waterfront overall. I've made it clear in other reviews that I absolutely loathe the movie theater located here, so right away the Waterfront's biggest draw for most people is a dud for me. None of the shopping or food really stands out enough to make me say I'd come out here for a day of shopping, either. Everything here is a chain of some sort - chain restaurants, chain shopping stores, just...chains. All of the little shops that I used to love to duck into are gone. Really, there's nothing here that I can't find at any other shopping area or mall.I will give 3 stars simply for the amazing amount of parking that was built into the place. I admit, that's a nice perk here. But otherwise, the Waterfront overall is pretty meh, and there's nothing unique to find here. If you live nearby, have fun shopping! If you're like me and you don't live nearby, save yourself some gas money: go to the mall nearest to your house. You're not missing out, trust me.
4	I live only 15 minutes from The Waterfront and really enjoy shopping and dining here. Though I like the old charm of some parts of Pittsburgh, The Waterfront is a nice, modern getaway.THE PROS-Many of my favorite retailers and restaurants including Target, Loft, Gap, Costco, Ulta, TJ Maxx, Panera, and LongHorn-Beautiful Loews movie theater (not to be confused with home improvement store Lowe's, which is also at The Waterfront)-Easy to navigate-Minimal traffic, even on the weekends, particularly compared to areas like The Mall at Robinson or Settler's Ridge-Easy and free to park, especially considering the parking challenges and costs at nearby South Side Works or ShadysideTHE CONS-Primarily chain stores and restaurants (would love a local boutique or two!)-Relatively frequent "incidents," likely due to surrounding areas with higher crime-Terrible Giant Eagle location that has the longest wait time to check out and the most inept employees
3	Meh.I hate to say it, but this place has already seen better days and it really isn't that old.  There's nothing terribly special about it.  A vast majority of the establishments are chain stores/restaurants.  And with so many great unique eateries in Pittsburgh, it's not really special to go here for a meal.  A lot of small chain retailers have already left the site.  The big box stores are fine, but they are in every strip mall in America.  The apartments there seem to be on an island between a walking path and a 6 lane highway.  This was one of the first brownfield rebuilds in the area and it's a good lesson of how not to go about building out a rare waterfront parcel of land.  Yes the parking is free, but I'd rather pay a few bucks to park and shop at the unique shops in Shadyside, Downtown, or the Southside.  Plus the food is astronomically better at the these other locations.  For the big box stuff... It's a one stop shop, but a lot of that can be found cheaper on-line anyway.  The best thing about the place is the COSTCO!The three stars I gave can be awarded this way:  One star for attempting to redevelop a brownfield, one star for putting a Costco there, and one star for NOT putting a Walmart!
3	Just so you know, I found a terrific recording of Bruce Springsteen performing the great song "Homestead" which he co-wrote with Joe Grushecky https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmmxYCR52rYI post this because every time I visit the Waterfront, I'm reminded of the Battle of Homestead and ghosts of steelworkers past.
1	It's like they moved the suburbs into a blighted town and tried to ignore there used to actually be a town there. If you like chain restaurants and retail stuff, this place is for you.
3	A nice conglomerate of places to visit on a night out: you can do dinner, movies, and even a night on the town all in the same place! That is the goodness of suburbia. All of the places, for better and for worse, are huge chains (even the Starbucks and Barnes and Noble). The parking is very abundant, but again, it's sometimes a nightmare to get into and out of the Waterfront. Why don't they just have two-way entrances and exits?!
4	I have to say I'm a fan of the waterfront. I like all the dining option and even though I've heard several major stores have left but there are still some good staples. I like that it's outdoor shopping. Reminds me of a few places back home. Trying to get into the waterfront can be a bit of a pain if you don't know the area but once you've arrived it's much easier to find what you are looking for. The big stacks (?) that they left are also a nice nod to the past. If in the area and wanting a cool place to walk around this is a great option. You can play some games at Dave and busters have a burger at burgatory then watch a movie at the theater.
3	Not a bad spot. Tons of chain stores but it makes shopping easy if you have a ton of errands to run.It took awhile after moving here for me to figure out how to exit the Waterfront without going into Homestead (I think it's off of Amity Street that you can exit back towards Squirrel Hill/Shadyside?) so that was annoying, but there is definitely always parking available and it's convenient when I need to hit Target/Best Buy/the grocery store all in one trip.
4	Coming from a city that does not do well with reuse of old sites and structures, I love seeing what can be done with former industrial land.  The Waterfront is a great place to visit for a meal, shopping and entertainment.  There are a number of chain restaurants (Uno's, PF Changs, Red Robin, Eat N Park, Steak and Shake) and there are speciality restaurants as well (Japanese, a brewery and fish market).  You can come for a meal and stay for a comedy show or dueling pianos.  They also have a Dave and Busters which is fun for a date night, girls night out, etc.  The mix of stores for shopping is interesting.  There are some unique finds such as Hometown Sports (which has the typical Pittsburgh sports team merchandise) and a wine store chock full of wine decor, accessories and apparel.  You can even sample wines from Heritage Wine Cellars.  The rest of the stores are a mix of national chains.  Bath and Body Works, Carters, Macty's, Ultima etc.  Overall, a great destination for shopping and entertainment, but it is much better for the entertainment than the shopping.
4	Waterfront in Homestead is a nice place to do some big box shopping, grocery shopping, eat and do some regular shopping or just go to Barnes and Noble if that's all you wanted to do.  We've been going to this place for years and whether it was going to Macy's or eating at Rock Bottom or PF Chang's there is always something for everybody here.  Costco, Target, Best Buy, Giant Eagle etc.  The square where Starbucks is in the middle?...nice.  While it is a little harder to find parking near the square no matter what there's always plenty of parking all around. The bridge to go back towards Beechwood and 367 can be really busy but it eventually clears up.  If I feel like taking the scenic route I'll take Carson instead.  This is a great place to do some all around shopping and there is a range of places to eat from McD's to Longhorns.
