5	This Boot Barn opened not too long ago, and after contemplating buying a pair of boots (and trying many on with no success in the past), I decided to head over to try my luck once more.I was blown away by the vast amount of boots, hats, jeans/pants, and shirts they had when I walked through the door. This store is a veritable warehouse of western wear. You WILL find something for you here. Nick was working when I came in, and he was very helpful without being pushy. He let me to browse boots on my own for a good 20 minutes. After I was trying many pairs on and not quite finding the right one, he politely asked if I needed any help. I wanted a boot without such a wide shaft, since I am pretty skinny. He suggested a taller boot which would naturally have a narrower shaft.He was right, and two pairs later I found the perfect boot for me. I even found some slim-fitting bootcut jeans (what? yeah, they exist!) that completed the look.This is a great store with great employees. They deserve your business, and I was glad to give them mine. I hope this Boot Barn continues to see success as more people come through.
4	What a fun new addition to the Scottsdale area.  This shopping plaza needs an overhaul with new places coming in, and Boot Barn may be hailing a new influx of shops (fingers crossed)!My best friend is getting married in August and she is planning on having a barn themed wedding and that means she wants people in boots!  So, as any good friend would do, I have started the boot shopping extravaganza to get ideas on pricing, styles, comfort levels, and deals.  I am totally new to the boot shopping thing, although I've wanted a pair for awhile now - and what better excuse to drop the money than a wedding!There are tons of options for boots here and the staff is extremely friendly. The store is well organized and you can tell it's new since it still has that feel to it. I didn't end up buying boots this visit, but I will be back for sure once I get a feel for exactly what I want and the outfit I'm matching it to!Overall: AGreat service, nice options, new store!
5	Went to get my first pair of cowgirl boots. Must say our sales lady Linda was as good as it gets. She helped me through everything. I left with a fantastic well fitted boot. I haven't seen help like this in a store, I don't remember the last time. Btw they have a nice selection of boots and western wear.
