5	Worthwhile to visit this exhibition if you can trudge through that gloomy casino floor.The nervous system presentation was of great interest to me. Despite experience in neurology, I was fascinated viewing the full spinal column specimen. This is also the first time I've observed human dura matter in its entirety; yes like many of us, I've sliced through my share of pachymeninx but....The most effective portion of the exhibit is the healthy lung positioned next to an emphysemic lung. Conveniently placed next to that sits a bin to deposit your pack of cigarettes..and you will. Made me happy that I've never puffed on one of those.Ticket sales end an hour before closing but you'll need at least 90 minutes to get through this. Highly recommended visit for everyone.
2	I wanted to point out to everyone that this Exhibition was created by killing innocent prisoners in China.Don't take my word for it though. Look for info on google
5	Bodies is a unique, thrilling trip through the most intricate workings of - well - bodies!I was a little trepiditious going into the exhibit.  I think I actually latched on to my best friend Tiiu's arm and said, 'If I freak out, just let me hold on to you, OK?'  But I didn't freak out.  I actually - get this - learned stuff.  And it was fun.I got used to the fact that they were actually people after a while and was able to detach myself from it and see the body as a machine and I was honestly fascinated.  Not to be missed:  The circulatory system.  Some of the pieces in there could almost be pieces of art.Insofar as the person who's claiming that prisoners were used for this exhibit, that's simply hearsay.
5	A definite must go!If you are a student make sure you bring your ID!  Discount!
5	I'll make this short...I've seen many exhibits, been to many museums and galleries..I've been to 46 states, I've been to many places---cool, interesting, fun..THIS IS BY FAR THE MOST AMAZING EXHIBIT THAT I HAVE EVER BEEN TO...EVER!!!!!!!!It made an impression on me...i mean, the complete vein and artery structure!! I dont want to give too much away, but if you have a chance to check this out, go!!!! just go!
5	I went as part of a school field trip and this place was very interesting.  It held the interest of about 30-40 high schoolers and everyone was just in awe to look at everything.  I was amazed at the fetuses, the disorders, the lungs, and everything else.  It made us all comfortable to talk about our bodies and look at ourselves in a new way.
4	OK, I am not sure how they got the, errr, donors for this exhibit, but if you put that out of your mind for a second, it is enlightening and unique.  It is a very interesting way to view and learn more about who we are.  The foetal section was mind blowing, and seeing the embryo so small was.... well.... I was speechless.  I didnt like seeing the birth defect part, but thats a personal preference.I learnt a lot..... but based on some of the body's skinless resemblances to Chicken Legs and Filet de Beouf.... I ordered fish that night for dinner!
5	Everyone comes to Vegas with something they just HAVE to do before they go, and for me it was Bodies.  My best friend and I went and we couldn't stop talking about what a cool experience it was.  Each room of the exhibition focuses on a different aspect of the body (bones, muscles, nervous system, etc.), and the quality of the preservation is astounding.  Looking at all of the body's blood vessels as they appear in a human is something that I probably will never see again, even in medical school.It takes a bit to be able to stomach certain parts.  The room on development shows fetuses at various time points, and it's incredible how tiny an embryo really is.  One of the parts that affected me most was seeing the fetuses with birth defects, which included a pair of siamese twins.  The other part that disturbed me was the human skin laid out without any body inside it.  All I could think of was Buffalo Bill in Silence of the Lambs ("it rubs the lotion..." creepy).If seeing a human body without skin is something you can handle, I highly recommend this exhibit, you'll learn a TON.  You'll also have something PG-rated to talk about when your parents ask you what you did while you were in Vegas...
5	BODIES is definitely one of the more unique and different exhibitions in Las Vegas.  It is situated kind of like an art musem, with separate areas. The exhibition was very clean and organized, and there was always someone walking around cleaning the display boxes. Everyone at the exhiition seemed really interested and fascinated despite the fact that we all weren't too interested when we had to learn it all out of a textbook. This exhibition is very educational given that with everyone being real and actually in front of us, we tend to be alot more interested in the subject matter. This exhibition is definitely something people should visit. I have to admit though, it was kind of weird when you looked into the faces of the bodies and remembered for a second that these people were once alive and are now just preserved there in front of you.  TIP: if you are a student, be sure to show your student ID. $20 admission for students vs. regular $24 admission.
5	Needing a break from gambling, my girlfriend and I decided we'd pay a visit to the Tropicana. After walking through a depressing casino floor, and hallway of cheesy novelties for sale, we finally got to the exhibit hall. Now, I never did well in anatomy or any other science class in college, but once inside, I found the exhibit simply fascinating. It was eerie to see real human bodies sliced, diced, skinned, etc. But if you have a strong stomach and want to see how we're all put together- this is worth the price of admission.
5	If you know me at all, you know that BODIES does not seem like something I would ever be interested in. However, on our most recent trip to Vegas, as soon as the hubs heard about it he decided he HAD to go. We dug up one of those $2 off coupons (we thought one coupon would work for both of us, but it doesn't. However, the guy selling tickets had a pile of them. If you don't have one, just ask) and headed in to the exhibition.I have to admit...I was creeped the eff out. I wanted to puke for about the first five minutes. But once I got my bearings and got over the fact that these were dead people (like a previous review said, I kept thinking about WHO these people were. Names. Families. Experiences.) I actually learned a lot and enjoyed my time in there. Most interesting to me: The fetal development room. The skin. The circulatory system. The organs with cancer on them. It really is fascinating, but that black liver might make you rethink all the booze you've been drinking. Go at the end of your trip to Vegas so you don't feel guilty about the beer.
5	I see dead people! And it only cost me 26 bucks with a coupon from my hotel. So here is the deal. They take dead bodies which belonged to people who donated them to science and/or entertainment and they put them through a complicated preservation process and ta-da, please to look at a cross section of someones pelvis. Theres nothing more sobering on a trip to vegas than a alcohol ravaged liver or the respiratory system of a heavy smoker (which has a big bin next to it, where people may drop off their packs and may be re-born as joggers). It's totally cool though, and I've been psyched to see it for years. You get a front row view of all the organs, nerves, muscles and bones in the human body and a load of accompanying information that you will never remember. If you are fascinated by which muscles in your hand make it possible to play the slot machine, this is the place to go. If you have a weak stomach or are easily bored by anything more complicated than a flashing neon sign, you're better off playing video poker while the bartenders slings Millers at you.
4	Its 102 degrees, you're hungover to all hell and are in need of something low key to pass your time until you're ready to do it all over again that night.  It's way to hot to tan by the pool, and after the $$$ spent the night before, shopping wasn't on my mind.  For us, Bodies was a more interesting and air conditioned alternative than wandering the strip or watching the Bellagio fountains over and over again. (I was super hungover alright?! The options were limited.)I was doubtful that anything interesting or productive could have come out of that depressing, smelly and lonely casino, The Tropicana.  However, my boyfriend reasurred me that there would be a reward at the end of this walk through possibly the most joyless place in Vegas. He was right, there was.  The bodies are actually very interesting to inspect- they're right out in the open, not behind glass.  The controversy behind them is also an interesting subject to research (most of the bodies were former Chinese prisoners).  They had a very intriguing section about the development of human fetuses...not for everyone, but interesting for me.I also appreciated that we were able to walk through the exhibit at our own speed, rather than being hurried along by some annoying tour guide blabbing away.  And, there were plenty of benches for my pathetic ass to stop and rest for a minute.  It had been a rough night.
5	I've been wanting to see the BODIES exhibit since last year and when I finally got a chance, I jumped at it. The first body that I saw was that of a man and I was wowed that he had a big penis (bigger than the others -- maybe that's why he was put first?). Wow. Even after death, the penis is still shaped like a penis! The balls are like two limp bags hanging on each side. Fascinating.Textbooks always say that a woman's breasts are comprised of fat, and seeing the body of a woman, I clearly see that they are consisted of fat and still look like breasts of a young woman. They haven't yet sagged. Very fascinating.I can see buttholes and belly buttons (for some reason the scientists left the outer skin that covers them while anywhere else the skin is removed). We can clearly see the tendons, the veins, the blood vessels.For some reason, the tendon reminds me of pho (vietnamese food in which my favorite topping is beef tendon). They (the human tendon & beef tendon) look similar to me.I loved how they display the lungs that came from a nonsmoker and a smoker. You can clearly see how black the smoker's lungs are. Creatively, the exhibit put a large glass box full of cigarette boxes beside it to discourage people from smoking. We can clearly see the pollutant particles in the lung (according to the explanation, it's very common because the pollution from the air around us gets its way inside our bodies). No wonder people who live in healthy area live longer.My favorite part of the exhibit is the fetuses. A two month old fetus is one inch long. Fascinating. There is a display of a pair of siamese babies, a malformed baby (that looks just like a frog), various stages of fetuses (from one week till almost fully developed). Amazing. Fascinating. Well, considering my favorite shows are Nip/Tuck and CSI, it's no wonder I enjoyed this exhibit so much. Highly recommended!!
5	This was the most amazing exhibit I have ever seen.  It costs an arm and a leg to get in (ha ha), but the price of admission is small compared to the eye peeling (hee hee hee) experience.Yes, the exhibit is preserved (heh) in controversy vis a vis the subjects having possibly been interned Chinese prisoners and the fact that someone threw the human vessel into arguably de-humanizing public poses.  Is it immoral?  Un-spiritual?  Un-sportly?Well, that's for anyone to judge with their own values, I guess.  Frankly, I was inspired to see cross sections of what my body may look like inside.  Damage caused by drinking and smoking (yeesh!), bones, organs, circulatory systems, nervous systems, muscles....  Amazing.  And while I don't agree necessarily with using formerly interned prisoner bodies without their consent, I probably have more to say on their internment and maltreatment in the first place.There is, after all, more than one way to skin a human.
5	Having always been fascinated with human anatomy, I did toy with the idea of being a neurosurgeon.  My decision against pursuing that idea has and will continue to save(d) countless human lives (and pain and suffering caused by ensuing lawsuits and / or legal proceedings).  Nonetheless, the subject never ceases to amaze me.  Which is why when BODIES... The Exhibition made its way to Silicon Valley, I was looking forward to perusing a variety of polymer-preserved body parts whilst recalling the materials from the Human Anatomy class that I took during my freshman year.Allow two hours to go through the various sections (no pun intended) of the exhibition: skeletal, muscular, respiratory, circulatory, and nervous system.  Allow extra time in the circulatory system section - see what you would have looked like you are stripped off everything else but your heart, veins and arteries.  Look at what a blackened pair of lungs look like and wish that you had stuck to that new year's resolution of yours.  Touch the parts that they have so kindly taken out for the benefit of the visitors (it was a heart and a liver - it feels almost like made-in-china plastic toys *inside joke for those of you who got it*).  Better still, be slightly disturbed by conjoined fetus or (*censored*)... Yes, you do have a choice of skipping the last exhibit - fetal development.  And for that very reason, I will not describe what the highlight of that exhibit is.  But before that, visit TIX 4 TONIGHT to get $10 off your $31 admission.    We did not.
5	Huh...I didn't know there was a controversy around this exhibit.  My friend is in mortuary science and she was very excited about this exhibit.  I, on the otherhand, didn't care, I like museums regardless of what's being displayed =)We came summer of '07.  I don't remember tix being $30 but I do remember getting a coupon from Tropicana =)I really liked the exhibit.  My favs consisted of the malformed babies and diseases or different organs.  At the end, I even touched one of the kidneys on display O.O!!!  It grossed me out to do it but I couldn't leave without doing it XD!
5	Awesome experience. My 12 y/o blushed looking at the male naughty bits but nothing could be done about that. I wouldn't recommend young children.Don't miss this if you come to Vegas!
5	Wow. This exhibition was amazing. The way that you can see the insides of a human body are mind blowing. Seeing the bodies with cancer and other diseases made me really want to take care of myself better. I think that is the goal of some of the exhibits. Others are more to just for "wow" factor. Did you know if a breastfeeding woman eats garlic the baby will suckle longer? That was one thing written on the way...random.
5	Amazing!  Extremely interesting, kind of wish I could have one on display in my house.  Ok, maybe not.... but to me the exhibit was both artistic and scientific.  The fact that these were real bodies makes this most interesting so not sure why some people are complaining.  If I wanted to see fake dead bodies I'd open a text book and look at drawn pictures of our organs, tissue, etc. or watch a movie.  It is not creepy at all...... it's the human body. I'm not sure if what some are saying about these being bodies of murdered chinese prisoners is true, it seems pretty doubtful.... but I mean, I guess if they "googled" it that must mean it must be true, right? LOL.  I read a lot about how you can donate your body for their research online myself, so I assumed these bodies were donated.... oh well though, either way the people are dead and don't need their body anymore anyways.......
3	THIS EXHIBITION IS pretty freakin coolREAL human bodies.YOU CAN see REAL human anatomy. which is pretty krazy.creepy but different!!
4	The exhibit is very interesting, even to someone who's taken anatomy and physiology.  My uncle, a retired high school biology teacher, also found it fascinating.  It's his take on the show that made me give it a 4--my personal take is a little closer to 3.  I've been studying biology and working in biological research for a total of about 14 years now.I wouldn't want to go when the exhibit was extremely crowded, though.  I went on a Friday morning at 10 AM.  I don't know if I would have paid the $25 to 45 (I got in at the extremely discounted educational group price of $7 per person). to see it on my own.  I didn't think the audio tour would have been worth the extra six dollars, but someone who doesn't eat, breathe and excrete this stuff for a living would probably find it helpful, interesting and worth the extra expense.  I certainly would have been willing to pay $20 for admission and the audio tour, or $15 without the audio.My chief complaint about the exhibit is about the other visitors.  They were noisy, and it would have been deafening and irritating had there been more of them.  I also didn't like one visitor who was using the fetal development section (it can be skipped entirely) to ram his pro-life agenda down (I assume) his daughter's throat.  Seeing the embryos and fetuses without oppressive commentary was sufficient to make anyone at least think about the issue.  (It didn't change my opinion, but it certainly was thought-provoking as well as extremely interesting)  I can't really blame the Luxor for other visitors' behavior, though.
5	Great exhibit that 3 of us went to see on Saturday afternoon.  $31 admission plus $6 audio tour (be sure to listen to the recordings for kids, too, as they're kinda fun) plus tax made this a $40 visit per person, but it was worth it.  All 3 of us loved it.  Took us about 3 hours to get through all 11 or 12 rooms.A few cons=needs more places to sit; photography not allowed; go to the bathroom *before* you enter the exhibit
4	Excellent exhibit.  There's a lot that is included in the exhibit and you can easily spend 3 hours checking it out.  We opted against the $6 audio tour and still got a lot out of the exhibit.  Minus one star for the price ($30).  Be sure to check those touristy Vegas magazines for a coupons beforehand.  Also, make sure you use the restrooms before going in since they don't have any within the exhibit.
5	As good as it gets. Las Vegas really doesn't offer much for me and my husband, since we don't gamble, we don't like crowded or noisy places. We are not heavy drinkers either. Thank goodness this town has exhibits like this and a buffet of Cirque du Soleil. The exhibit is fascinating. I could spend hours studying and examining every fiber of muscles on display. It's also quiet and oddly peaceful. A huge contrast from the usual noisy casino scene. I didn't get the audio tour and you really don't need it. There are actual people inside the exhibit in white lab coats who are more than happy to answer any questions you have. Unless you're staying at Luxor or a nearby hotel, you will need to take a cab or the monorail to MGM. We took a cab and found a $2 off coupon for this exhibit inside free ad booklets in the cab. The cab fare wasn't cheap though. I think it was around $20 including tip one way from Palazzo.Like everything else in Vegas, it is pricey but unlike many things in Vegas, this one is well worth the price.
5	Saw this while staying at the Luxor and got tickets through Tix for Tonight.  It's well priced there for $21 a ticket but maybe a bit expensive for $35 at face value.  I'm not sure if I would saw I enjoyed the exhibit, but it was like nothing I have ever seen in my life to say the least.  It will make you think differently about the human body.
1	please note that the reason why this specific exhibition is banned in la, ny, and all of france, is because these bodies were purchased from the chinese govt for about $300/each. these were NOT donated, nor did these people ever consent to having their bodies on display. premier exhibitions admits to not having consent of these bodies' owners, nor do they know the names of them. they were political prisoners who were executed and sold. please look this up on wikipedia or google. don't support such exploiters of humanity. there's an excellent exhibition on bodies called "body worlds" -- which is actually an exhibit that actually use donors instead of paying for corpses. shame on you, luxor!
3	We went to this exhibit because one of my friends is in medical school and really wanted to go.  Though it was really informative and interesting, it was just NOT my cup of tea.I think it was kinda expensive too.It made me so sad to see people's actual bodies cut up and displayed...especially the babies. Eek.  :/
5	Your old high school physiology class wishes it was BODIES... The Exhibition.I got a free ticket to Bodies after donating blood at a drive held at the Tropicana, which is the same venue that hosts Bodies.  Already in the medical frame of mind, I found this incredibly fascinating.  All of the displays are actual human bodies preserved, chopped up and dissected to show us all how we work.  You get a look at the skeletal, nervous, endocrine and other systems.  For a nominal fee you can get headphones that come with a soundtrack to guide you through the exhibit.There's also a portion of the exhibit that comes with a warning that shows preserved human fetuses in varying stages of development.  Incredibly interesting to see something like that close up.  You also learn where these bodies come from.  Turns out many of them are from China.  Just passing through the exhibit makes you think not only about what you're seeing when it comes to the science of it all, but also works your imagination.  I kept wondering who these people were, what they were like, etc.In short, do yourself a favor and go see this.  I could see how it would be a great field trip for any high school or college science class.
2	This was not what i expected..maybe i had false and twisted expectations of tables of dead people....well it is all very scientific..i began having flash backs to high school biology classes and the sections of the science museum that i tended to zone out in while touring. displays taught us all about each and every part, bone, nerve joint in our body and we saw them...encased in glass or rigged in human like positions. In a  few they even added fake eyeballs to assist us with the imagery.there was a controversial fetus room which was interesting.i am more intrigued about the scandal behind where these bodies came from....i cant rely on google or wickipedia for my facts but if there is a reliable information source out there, i would love to access it.31 dollars per person....i could've spent that at the buffet!
3	I'll admit, there are some very intricate details and amazing displays of the human body in its truest form. The dissections done for this exhibition seemed to be very carefully performed, and it was amazing seeing the muscles of the body and more delicate parts of the body being preserved so well. All areas of the body were covered, going through numerous systems, and going from the outside layers to the heart and other organs.However, the price for this exhibit was pretty steep ($34) and we weren't allowed to take any pictures of the exhibit. Moreover, I thought that there would be more things to see at this exhibition. It took my sisters and me about an hour to go through the whole exhibit. I felt that I was a bit cheated since it seems that Body Worlds has so much more to offer.In general, I think it was a delight to see an anatomical exhibition for the first time, especially since I'm so interested in anatomy, but right now you can visit San Diego and see the Body Worlds exhibition in the San Diego Natural History Museum for only $27. Boo.
1	PLEASE DO NOT GO TO THIS EXHIBIT!!  For the following reasons...*These are real human corpses that were NOT donated.  *All of the bodies come from china from plastination plants and sold for as little as $300 each for exportation.*The bodies used are "unclaimed bodies"....therefore these people didn't volunteer their body to be displayed for people to gawk at.  It is also highly likely that people were not notified of their loved ones death/body so it could be sold to the plastination industry that has developed in China.  Also, these bodies could be from tortured prisoners or political prisoners.  *Tickets go anywhere from $25-35 & all of the proceeds go towards the company (Premier Exhibitions) and a middle man from China who is running these plastination plants.Unfortunately, I did not know all of the above when I went to see this exhibit.  I have to admit that these are the best dissections and preserved specimens that I have ever seen...BUT after many questions that I had after this exhibit....where did the bodies come from?  Who in their right mind will consent to their conjoined twin to be displayed?  Where are the proceeds going?  Where did the fetus' come from?  I did my research & was appalled by what I found.  Leaving me feeling guilty of contributing to the chinese plastination industry & body extortion....So PLEASE DON'T SEE THIS EXHIBIT...if you care about human rights.
5	The exhibit is very good, learning about what goes on in your body is very interesting seeing actual displays of human bodies. The exhbit goes into how organs, skeleton, nerves, pretty much everything works, and it really helps seeing actual body parts on display. Very well done and worth the money to see.
3	This place is only alright.  It was about $36/person.  I was super excited to see what the hype was all about so I didn't think about the ticket price at the time, but now that I think back on it...it really wasn't worth it.  Excluding the fact that there are human bodies positioned to pose like athletes in motion, the exhibition is in no way unique.  The little blurbs of information cluttering the exhibition are intended to educate 10 year olds about the human body -- really nothing you haven't learned in a basic high school science class.  The bodies are clearly asian...I think I should be insulted.  This exhibition didn't interest me, but everyone else inside seemed to be ooo and ahhh ing in front of all the displays.  Give it a try?
5	When I saw the flyer for this I wanted to go so bad, this is located in the Luxor hotel. If you're staying at the Luxor hotel you get a discount on your admission.I really liked this exhibit it was really informative and really interesting. I was excited to come here because I was taking an Anatomy class next semester in college and walking through this exhibit really gave me a taste of what I am going to be learning. The bodies are real cadavers and are sliced for the people to see the anatomy of the body. My favorite part of the exhibition was the colored arteries and veins! I forgot how much it cost but it was definitely worth it. It's really quiet when your in there and you find yourself whispering instead of talking aloud. They also have you turn off your phones, and no cameras and of course no touching the cadavers (though it is really tempting).Oh one more thing, I've heard and read that these cadavers came from China and I believe they were Chinese prisoners. From what I've heard this exhibit use to be in California but was banned because the cadavers were the bodies of Chinese prisoners, who did not give consent for their corpses to be dissected and used for science. If this is something that really bothers you then you may want to stay away from this exhibit.
1	We got this attraction in a package deal that we booked via MGM/Mirage. I think perhaps for someone interested in learning basic human anatomy this exhibit could be useful, and worth seeing. The bodies did appear to be of Asian origin from what we could tell visually. There are some ethical issues with this exhibit. I wish we would have picked the interactive CSI experience at the MGM instead, well next time maybe.
3	Got $21 tickets through Tix4Tonite, which is about $15 off the box-office price. The show covers anatomy in a very informative way and takes about 1 hour or 1.5 hours to go through. It is possible to get very close to the specimens, which are displayed in various poses, and exposed to reveal specific anatomical regions. Especially impresive was the gallery on the circulatory system, where where veins and arteries around various organs are displayed. In summary, a good exhibit to check out if you have time (and get a discount!).
4	On the pricey side (my opinion), $34 pp, but if you're staying at the Luxor, you get a discount. We paid around $60 for 2 tickets. Honestly, I get a heebee jeebees around human cadavers, so if you're like me, make sure you eat prior to visiting. However, I did find the exhibit  highly informative and very interesting. I also noticed that the human cadavers were of Chinese decent. A woman in one of the galleries explained that the lab was located in China and that was where they preserved the bodies.  There is also a room where you can view actual human embryos. Also, on display were a pair of conjoined twins. Which I found a bit disturbing. Who in their right mind would give consent to have their baby on display? Mind boggling...For the squeemish, there is a door to the next gallery, if you decide to skip this one. Most of the specimens were men, I noticed only one or two female specimens. The gallery of the circulatory system was pretty cool and towards the end, on display was a specimen of a healthy lung and a smoker's lung. GROSS! So to all you smokers out there, your black lung is on display! Overall, I thought it was pretty cool to gain some extra insight on the human anatomy. You get an up close look and you find out things about your body that you didn't know about. Right before you leave, there was a brain specimen that you're allowed to touch. Curiousity nearly killed the cat, because I almost fainted as soon as I picked up the specimen. It was waxy and straight out wierd. The woman said the reason why it felt waxy is because of the stuff they used to preserve the specimens. Worth the $$$. Highly recommended.
3	I was on the fence to give this a 2 or 3 star. Really I think its like a 2.5.I went to see this while I was in vegas.... The exhibit is interesting, and worth seeing probably. I have never seen anything like it which is why I rounded up. The price is really pretty high... upper 30's, which I think is kind of high. I don't have a lot to complain about really other than the price and the long line to get tickets initially. At the end it would have been nice to have a larger hands-on area other than just the 1 piece of brain they let you touch. And, I would have liked to take pictures, but I understand why that is restricted. I did find the organization really good. It was organized by different systems of the body. They had some other cool stuff like comparing a good lung to a smokers lung. I would have liked to have seen more of this. All in all, worth seeing once. I would not pay to go see it again though.
4	The exhibit it self was amazing. It gives you such an amazing look into how we are put together and how we work. It is on the pricier side but I found it to be worth it. I just wish that I could have gotten some pictures. No cameras or cellphones allowed.
4	This was sooo amazing to me. A MUST SEE FOR SURE! But ya can't have a week stomach for this one.  I find the human body so interesting. A small part of me was creeped out but, there were so many interesting things going on in there, I got past that feeling. Hope you see this one and enjoy. : )
3	This place is kinda hard to review. I think everybody gets something from it. Some will definitely like it better than others. I had heard about this exhibition a couple years ago when it was in LA. I must admit I was fascinated and wanted to check it out so when I found out it was now at Luxor I definitely wanted to go. First off, the price is a slap in the face........$34 per person! Wow. really?! I found a coupon in the Vegas magazine that was in my hotel room, but still it was $58 for two after service fee & with a coupon! I had not read any reviews before going and didn't know much about it except it was real human bodies on display. I thought it would be educational and very strange to see what is inside my body. And I was right about that. It was interesting. Did it blow me away? No. Was it shocking? No. Was it freaky? Yes. Would I pay to go back? No.So now I read the reviews on yelp and some people believe the bodies are Chinese prisoners or unclaimed bodies from China. Not sure if any of that is true or not, but it sure makes it even more creepy. Kinda like a plot from a bad horror movie.
4	Checked this out one afternoon on a recent trip to Vegas. I had seen Body Worlds when it came to SLC, and I thought it'd be interesting to see the similarities and differences, especially since my boyfriend hadn't seen either and wanted to go as well.I thought this was a superior exhibit. Body Worlds seemed to be more about making it an artistic sort of thing, while Bodies seemed to be more scientifically motivated. The exhibit was extremely interesting and informative if you're interested in how the human bodies work. I especially enjoyed the part about the circulatory system and the fetus exhibit. If you're easily weirded out by things, this may not be for you (they are dead human bodies, after all). But if you're not, and you're interested in biology/anatomy, check it out.
4	I got a free ticket after volunteer to do  Blood screening for the medical corp reserve in front of the body exhibition , so I don't really know how much did it cost for one ticket at that timebut if you don't care about the price, then you should check this out, it was very interesting to know how the human body look deep inside, to see the difference between the normal , healthy lung and the smoked one,to see  how big our skin is when they spread it out, I also like the fetus exhibition section which is pretty amazing
3	I mean, it was OK.  It wasn't very busy when we went.  The price is REALLY HIGH...for what you get.  So what do you get?  A whole lotta muscles!  Red muscles...more red muscles...and yet more muscles.  Sure it's cool that they are real humans.  But as someone who overthinks everything -- i couldn't get over the fact that they used to be alive -- and use those muscles...especially their penises.  Anyway, I never wanted to be a doctor -- or be around death....so I guess if you were into that type of thing, you'd give this place 5 stars.
3	The stomach and digestive track section was the most interesting for me.  It's about 6 or 7 rooms, each focused on a different area of the body. It's super dark inside, and really quite, unlike the rest fo Vegas, so it was kind of a shocker in that sense. Would I have been ok if we didn't go check it out-sure, but if you're really into human anatomy, then you certainly will find it fascinating. FYI-If you're not staying at the Luxor they charge you a $6 processing fee on top of admission.
3	Pretty cool...especially after Fat Tuesday and breakfast from Nathans.....the exhibit was very informative...a lil scary at times (especially the exhibit displaying fetuses) but truly an unforgettable experience.
4	Ultra creepy! Loved this exhibition. I had heard about this exhibit before and was thrilled to find a coupon for it while in Vegas. It was super interesting to be able to view the human form in various states of dissection. Some showed muscle groups, some showed nerve patterns, etc. So cool to see and my mind kept wandering to the tedious work that must be involved in such dissection. I also could not help but view the muscle groups and compare them to the muscles of the animals we eat. There is a huge amount of muscle in the human body and all I could think of was how many people that would feed--EW?! Made me think briefly of becoming a vegetarian. On the other hand, I couldn't help but think of the families of these bodies on display. Did they know that their loved one's body would be on display in this manner? Did the body posed holding a football enjoy sports? Did he know he would spend eternity in that pose--what if he hated football? Donating your body to science may not be what you think. I personally wouldn't care what happened to my body but would my nieces or nephew care to see my carcass posed as if I was conducting an orchestra for all eternity? Weird thoughts loomed as I passed through these rooms of cadavers. We are an interesting species, this exhibit is a must see if you are into the science of the human body.
4	Get your tickets at the Tix-4-Tonight kiosks that are scattered through out the Vegas strip to save yourself a couple of dollars. I got mine from the one inside the Casino Royale (don't ask how I ended up inside there). It's a good way to kill an hour or so. It's clearly evident that I don't live the healthiest of lifestyles. I lift weights and when I don't come up with an excuse that even I don't believe, I do a bit of cardio. Other than that, it's game on. Walking through this exhibit will make you think twice about your current lifestyle. This will even make the strictest of Sketchers Shape Ups wearing, flax seed eating, Master Cleanse doing, immaculate colon having health quacks think twice. As creepy as this exhibit initially was to me and as prone as I am to being obnoxious and making comments about the bare penises in this exhibit, I took it all in (no pun) and learned a quite a bit. None of which I can remember at this point, but I'm sure some of it will come back. On display are healthy and diseased livers which I stared at and could only wait in anticipation the beers that were waiting for me at the bar. The fashion in which they preserve the muscles on the bodies is reminiscent of prime cuts of meat on display in the refrigerators you see in some of the steakhouses. Don't believe me? Go stare at the steaks at Flannigan's then go to the exhibit. They are eerily similar and will aid in your acceptance of cannibalism (kidding). I don't want to spoil the experience for you, but towards the end you will have a craving for deli lunch meats, most likely, ham. A definite plus was that It doesn't smell like my high school sophomore biology class where I dropped a dead mouse into Laura's cleavage. Who wants to meet up for hot wings and brews, sans mouse in the cleavage.
3	Me and the boy hit this up before Titanic, as we didn't want to risk being disappointed, which to be honest was a good idea. The exhibit itself is great and it's really eye opening as to what we all look like on the inside. I would be lying if I didn't say it wasn't creepy or weird, but what do you expect? Not for the faint of heart, but I would recommend it if you're into that sort of thing.
3	I saw this exibition at the Luxor yesterday. I thought it was pretty amazing being in the medical field. However once I was home I wanted to learn more about the exhibit and looked up online for more info and I came across an investigation done thru 20/20 abc news, and it was pretty disturbing to find out the way this company obtains its bodies from china, from possibly executed prisoners. While at the exhibit, I did notice and even said to my bf that all the bodies seemed to be Asian. Another thought that went thru my head was the fact that all the bodies seemed pretty young as If they couldn't have all died of natural causes. I was expecting to go in and see elderly cadavers but instead was surprised that most of the bodies were young appearing in the way they were posing and the amount of muscle mass on the bodies. Overall it was something that I will never experience again being so unique in its content, but I cannot get rid of feeling sad for the families of these people on exhibit if it is true they never knew or consented to them being "plastinized" to educate/entertain the public in masses. For me it was very educational,however for my bf it was entertainment.
5	I know I have heard a lot about the ethics, body origins, etc...but, I have seen real autopsies and worked in Science. They did this exhibit with extreme tastefully and sensitivity. The educational component is huge. It made me never, ever, ever want to smoke a cigarette. Which should be a no brainer anyway, but. Each body system was wonderfully explained and displayed. The most amazing thing is the people there were in awe; hardly a word was spoken from anyone. The price keeps the 'gawkers' away. I think those who really want to learn and appreciate the human machine take part. It was really neat. It also starts out slow to engage the audience softly and set the tone of education.Kids should be of sex ed age.
4	This display was pretty informative, and whatnot. Would it be worth $34ish if we weren't affiliated with CCSD? Not really. They don't allow photography inside, and we found out that some people REALLY jones for a smoke and try to fish them out of the "throw away your cigarettes here" box in the lung area.Also, contrary to the warning, the fetus section is not offensive or nauseating.Bodies/Titanic do "Teacher Tuesday" where any CCSD employee may view for free (though you must call them and send an email ahead of time). The employee can also bring up to 4 guests at $10.50 each. If you want the audio guide wand thing, it's $6.00 per person for it. We opted to only take 1.-1 star for tacking on "service charges" of $9 for the 3 of us coming in. How about you put the fucking hidden fees in the price of the ticket ahead of time? :)
4	Tip one..never go to this place after eating at a buffet, especially if you ate a crapload of cold cuts and sliced italian meats. For those of you who have been to this cool exhibit, you know what i mean. For you noobs, just take my advice and you will much happier. I recognized Uncle Chen and Auntie Wong from the displays..just kidding. I already knew the specimens used for the dispays were bought from China, but I didnt find it offensive at all. If you want to see all the organs and muscles, and veins, and more that is inside your fat body, then you will be very pleased. My favorite displays were the blood circulation displays in which they take body parts, melt away all the meat and you literally left with only the veins and nerves. It was awe inspiring how science can accomplish these feats nowadays. Def buy tix for this place from TKTS.  Much cheaper, and it's always available.
4	Pros:Very interesting and educational.Students get discounts!Cons:Allegedly the bodies used for the exhibit come from Chinese prisons.I went to this exhibit back when it was still at the Tropicana for extra credit in my Biology class. I definitely found it rather creepy at first but I quickly got over it. I mean, seriously, it's just the human body, we all look just like this on the inside. It can leave quite an impression on you(you can tell just from looking at the glass container filled with cigarette boxes next to the exhibit of a smoker's lungs). Granted, I never did change my ways after looking at how some of my habits can affect my body, maybe that means it's time for me to go again?Don't forget to take a good look at the extended human intestine, it's quite impressive when you realize that our body can hold something as long as that. Oh, and the aborted fetus section isn't sad or offensive at all, unless you find abortion offensive that is.
3	Bodies the exhibit is for those who are curious about what goes inside our bodies. Where these bodies came from, is concerning however the amount of effort into these is truly amazing. Turn my body into something educational.. The body parts that looked more like pieces of art. The room with the veins should be in an art museum. My boyfriend recently had ACL surgery so for him it was interesting to see what had happened to his knee. Another patron had surgery in their hand and was showing to us what he had happen to him. The exhibit about the heart was unique and the things i forgot from school came back.Also I know it's controversial about the fetus' however death is eminent no matter how old you are. What was interesting to see about this was how complex and unique life is. When I hear about the miracle about life, this shows why it is so. There is a step by step to our birthing process. How this was acquired in such a fashion is interesting but there is no information how. Oh and you can touch a body part at the end of the exhibit. SO i touched a liver.
3	I scored some free tix for this and had to check it out. It is by far the weirdest exhibit I have ever seen. I found myself becoming very emotional after seeing the fetus area and had to sit down.There are alot of students there and for that sort of thing it would be great.But for me it was a bit much seeing all those bodies. I am glad I was able to go and check it out but I would not go back again even if I had more free tickets.Its funny..I thought I was the type of person who could handle something like this without issue but I guess not..
5	AWESOME!  Amazing what they have done with the preservation process...definitely an educational experience...
4	Definitely something everyone should see.  It was absolutely amazing to see how the human body works.  The whole self-tour took about an hour to do.  That's if you're genuinely interested in seeing and reading everything.Not as gross as you may think it is.  In fact, I went in on an empty stomach, and was starving by the time I got out.  Even seeing the Siamese twins didn't phase me.If you get an opportunity to go, definitely do it.  It's only $35, which is basically a 15-second hand in 3-card poker.  So it's 15 seconds, or an hour educational tour.
4	Worth checking out once in your life. I knew it would be interesting coming in, but I was surprised at how some of the material is creatively presented.My favorite part is probably the circulatory system. It's in a darkened room; the arteries and veins are filled with colored fluid that really highlight the intricacies of our blood passageways. Close second would be the fetus room. Obviously it's controversial - there is an alternate route that bypasses the room. It's a complete shame that they don't allow photography. Well, it makes sense for them, but I had this awesome photo framed in my head of the fetuses as they progress from week to week.On average, they say it takes about an hour to go through the exhibit. I think it took us 90 minutes. We really took our time and I didn't even read every single panel.Currently, it costs $31 normally and $28 for locals (yay), but only $16.50 if you have a Clark County library card. So get your library card! Also, it's an additional $6 for the audio. I don't think it's necessary, but it could add to the experience as you look at the exhibits and hear someone explaining at the same time (as opposed to reading and then looking or vice versa).Or you could build a time machine and go back to when it was at the Tropicana for only $10.Overtime update: Or you could join us for the CMYE on December 19!
3	This one features dissected  asian bodies.  Virtually all are men. The exhibit is looking a bit faded and worn. The disections highlighted muscles, nerves, blood vessels, reproductive, and digestive tracts.  One room also had fetuses at various stages of development.  One body showed corrective implants such as hip replacements.  There was a little bit on the effects of smoking and obesity.  Overall it was good but small.   Would have liked to have seen more variety in types of bodies in the exhibit (such as women, different sizes, different health problems, and different ages shown).  Also wanted to see the lymph system which was not shown.
5	The human body is the most complicated living structure known.  The exhibit accurately captures many of the intricacies of organs and the human's body's lesser seen features.  The polymer organ conversion process is the foundation technique to achieve these amazing models from real human donors.  Bravo to the doctors and curators that pulled off a first detail look into the human body.
4	Normally I like cheap prices when it comes to food and entertainment. However Bodies is not cheap if I remember correctly tickets ranged between 30-40 dollars a piece. Though the price was well worth it as the exhibit is fascinating as it contains preserved human bodies as well as organ and tissue systems. This may sound lackluster but the presentation of said bodies and systems is very well done. One correction though the exhibit is no longer at the Tropicana it has been relocated to the Luxor.
4	Buy your tickets from one of the discount ticket places!! Thought this was a good way to get the general public informed about their bodies. I wonder if the bin of discarded cigarettes is staged or real. Really amazing dissection and preservation work. My favorite room was the circulatory system - really pretty and informative!
4	Excellent!  Very interesting and even though I'm a nurse I still learned a good amount.  We purchased the accompanying audio tour...not really worth it in my opinion.  Even if it was only $6.  The few guides that were in there were more than willing to answer questions although we really didn't see them until the last room.  But they were knowledgable and seemed to really enjoy their work.  Definitely a must-see!  And there are coupons for $5 off admission for up to 4 people in some of the Vegas books.  I think the Luxor should offer a few more bucks off for guests of the hotel.
5	Really a great exhibit. I've been wanting to go for years and was so happy to get a chance to see it.All of the displays were simply amazing and gripping. You never know how intricate your body really is, and in each part of the exhibit you see the complicated networks and delicate balance that makes up our bodies.I think it is an important exhibit for kids and adults to see, and get over the taboo of it being a 'real human body'. Although I do recommend that one part of the exhibit, clearly marked as not being for all visitors, be observed with discretion. Get the tree package deal with Titanic and Shark exhibits. ;)
4	I like this kind of stuff.  Seeing people without their skin is just weirdly fascinating.  Apparently everyone looks asian when they have no skin.  Or maybe asia is the only place they can find legal rights to these bodies.  I don't know.  Go see this.  It's awesome!
4	At the time I saw this exhibit, I was not aware of the controversy around the provenance of the bodies used. I assumed that the bodies had been willingly donated before death or by the families after death. If you're considering seeing this exhibit, I think it is worth spending some time reading the news articles about the origins of the bodies and deciding if you feel morally comfortable attending.I thought the exhibit itself was excellent. It was extremely educational, offering glimpses into parts of the human anatomy that are normally never visible to non-medical professionals. I also thought that the bodies were displayed respectfully and tastefully. Seeing this exhibit truly changed the way I think about my body and how my behaviors affect my physical self over time. It's also truly amazing how complicated our bodies are and yet how unaware we usually are of the intricate requirements of sustaining life.I don't want to excuse Premier Exhibitions from using human bodies obtained unethically. It's particularly upsetting that this show is priced upwards of $30 per ticket given these issues--it feels unfair how much Premier profits from what they've done. But I do want to say that I think this exhibit fulfills a noble purpose. I felt educated and inspired after attending. The people displayed in the exhibit were not treated with dignity by Premier, and yet seeing them made me understand human dignity more viscerally than almost anything else ever has.
5	Excellent!!  This exhibit is not for the faint of heart.  If you have a teen interested in becoming a doctor, this would be a great start.  There is a portion of the exhibit that deals with human reproduction, more specifically the fetus and embryos.
5	Very cool exhibit in Luxor. My wife and I checked this out during a trip to Vegas. It's really an interesting exhibit and there is a lot to learn and appreciate about our bodies.
4	Pretty darn cool. I went with my girlfriend who had just finished a course of anatomy. I enjoyed the circulatory and fetus sections the most (there is a pathway to bypass the fetus section because some people are too sensitive, which I find funny) They do give you the opportunity to handle some plasticized body parts (smokers lung, healthy liver) and it felt exactly as I imagined it would.
5	This is one of the coolest/best Exhibition I've ever seen..... I go out often, I like to check out new things.... THIS IS A MUST! Make sure to give yourslf at least 2 hours to read and check out everything!check it out!!!Chris
4	I am truly fascinated with this exhibit.  The bodies on display with the different body systems is very educational.  As a person who hated science in school, I find this kind of science to be entertaining and educational.To see the arteries and veins in different parts of the body with the rest dissolved is incredible.  It really helps one understand how it all goes together.This is an exhibit I'd recommend to anyone.  Since MGM Resorts is having a special, experience 3 attractions for $54, you can see these two and throw in the CSI Experience at the MGM Grand itself.  It's a nice savings.
5	When I first heard of this from my manager a few years ago, I was a bit grossed out. But after she explained everything to me, and I saw that they had the exhibit at the Tropicana (this was in 2006 or so), I got a little more interested in checking it out. It's such a great experience to see and learn about the human body. It's not gross in any way - you have to go in with an open mind and experience everything they have to offer there. I'm so glad I got over my fear of the unknown and went to see the exhibit when I was in town - and am even happier that it is still in Vegas!
5	A very good and informative exhibit.  It's pretty much a museum of body parts, and how they function. It's definitely good for students interested in the medical field. I felt really proud to identify some parts of the skull, since they were the vocab for my dental assisting courses :)They have some interesting facts on the wall, so anything with lights shined on them don't forget to read! There will be alot of reading, if I forgot to mention!
4	$35 is a little pricey but everything is in Vegas. I read about where they got the bodies and found it interesting. You can tell they are Chinese men but the preservation is so well done it actually looks plastic. Not gross or too much for kids. Educational. Lots of reading so do audio with it if you have a teen in a hurry. I likes this and spent almost 2 hours.
4	Located in the Luxor Hotel.."Bodies" is absolutely one of the most remarkable exhibits I have ever seen.This exhibit is definitely not for those who are faint of heart. "Bodies" displays various parts of the human anatomy both educationally and artistically.  As you walk through the exhibit you will see various fundamental components of the body displayed in a series of systems which includes the respiratory, skeletal, muscular, nervous, digestive, urinary, reproductive, and circulatory systems. All parts of the exhibit contain various organs, bloodlines, and body tissues that have underwent a sophisticated polymer preservation process in order to keep them from decaying.  It was quite a site..  Things that might make you a bit squeamish: 1) An entire human skin 2) The eyes of the specimens3) The incipient display of embryos and fetuses.I know that the exhibit faces scrutiny from various organizations that claim that bodies were attained from prisons in China. This left me morally indisposed.  It is too surreal to think that these people on display were once living breathing ordinary citizens such as ourselves and the controversy surrounding the exhibit just makes it that much more shocking/interesting/sad/a real cluster of emotions.All emotions set aside it was a very interesting experience. Cost of Admission for an Adult $35 and a Child $25But you can get $5 off from a Vegas Guide coupon book distributed in all of the hotels/cabs The exhibit also offers discounts to educators, students, groups, military ops, seniors, and of course locals. The best deal seems to be the 3 exhibits for $54 which includes your choice of: 1) Bodies the Exhibit 2) CSI the Experience3) Titanic the Artifact Exhibit4) Shark Reef at Mandalay Bay5) The Roller Coaster at New York New York6) Sigfried and Roy's Dolphin Exhibit and Secret Garden... and a few other attractions.Check this deal out at: http://www.luxor.com/entertainment/3for54.aspx
2	I was hoping this exhibit would be better. I enjoyed it, but people hyped it up too much I think. I maybe would've liked more explanation. A lot of the time I felt like I was looking at the same exact thing over and over again.
5	I'm a total nerd and love the human body so this was GREAT to me !! It was so cool to see the parts of the circulatory system ... For some people this may make you squeamish as these are real bodies but its definitely a cool experience !
4	Our tickets for this exhibit were included in a package that we had with the Luxor. Tickets are normally $32 though. I really think that this exhibit is informative for anyone, whether you are in the medical field or not.They have all sorts of different views of the human body. They show vein flow, the skin, bone development. They even have a skeleton in every room doing something different, each playing a different sport and you get to see the muscle movements. My favorite part of this exhibit was the fetus exhibit. I know it's offensive to a lot of people, but it really was miraculous to see what we all have looked like that little. They even show the bone development of fetuses of all different weeks. That was amazing to see how our bodies develop while growing inside of another person. The people here are also very kind. They were nice enough to escort my husband to and from the elevators because he was in a wheel chair due to an accident he had the previous week. They made it a lot smoother and didn't act like we were a burden. That was appreciated. This exhibit, at least to me, is a one time only kinda deal for me . Once I've seen it, I've seen it. Completely worth while the first time around though.
4	Again! For the 4th Time!But amazing place and it is a wonderful exhibit that is sure to tease and please any mind.Regardless of whether or not you plan on leaving with a vast knowledge of human anatomy, the bodies exhibit is one hell of a place to be.The plastic moldings are all of real bodies and persons. People who decided to donate their bodies for the well-being of Science.There is the option to also do so at the end of the exhibit. =)
5	Ever wonder how your insides looked? Here is a chance! I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! I've been waiting to check out this place and never had a chance to and I am glad I finally did! It was amazing! Words cannot describe how great it is! Wish I can capture pictures but no photography is allowed! Definitely worth the money! Will definitely check it out again!
5	This exhibit made me both ogle in wonder and want to vomit at the same time. It was incredible to see the different layers of the human body. Definitely a must see once in your life whether you're interested in the Human Anatomy or not. I think the only part about it that irked me are the layers with hair.  There's also an option where you you can skip a part of the exhibit where they show baby fetuses.I'm pretty sure I was kind of drunk during my visit so that probably  helped with some of the visual dis-pleasantries that may or may not bother some people.
5	100 % GO!It is one of the most interesting exhibits I have ever seen (as long as you don't have a weak stomach)*** Allow PLENTY of time (2hrs min) and look out for the discount coupon card. $5 off ***You can see the human body sliced in every direction, examine how the joints of the body work, the digestive system, see inside diseased organs, the list goes on and on... Unlike most Vegas activities you might enhance your mind rather than kill brain cells.Some parts are pretty disturbing/freaky fetuses, a whole human skin, glass eyes, lips, belly buttons, finger and toe nails, hair... but get past this and you will be amazed by the human body!At the end they have a hands on section where you can touch a few preserved organs! they feel like plastic WEIRD!I would definitely visit again
5	This was incredible!I saw a magazine article of a similar exhibit using plastination as the method of preservation and I have been waiting ever since to get a look at it, then it arrived in Vegas.I may say though that if you are sensitive to viewing real genitals or fetuses, you may be offended. I am still not sure if I should take my 9 year old, even though she really wants to go, and it's educational.You walk through a series of room, each of which showcase a different system of the body (skin, bones, tendons, muscles, reproductive organs, nervous system, etc.)It took me over an hour to see the whole exhibit, and about 45 min the second time around, as they had pulled some stuff out. It is still very worthwhile!
4	Bodies was good in a really cool way, but it did leave me a little queasy!  Overall, I am really glad I went and if you are looking for something "educational" in Vegas  yes, I said, "Educational and Vegas" at the same time, this is a good place.You get to see the intricate workings of the body, everything from digestive, to cardiac, to pulmonary, to skin, to reproductive to nervous, it is all there.  They even have diseased organs to compare with healthy organs as well.Guides are easily found and are very knowledgeable.  If you have a question, they go in depth and in detail about how things work and how it relates to other parts of the body.I definitely think this exhibit is more suited to older people because just after awhile, I just felt a little sick to my stomach.  It is just so informative and real, you really start to think about your own body (which, I guess it was the goal all along!)Oh, no cameras or cell phones!
5	I've been dying to go ever since the technology to plasticize human bodies was revealed to the public! Well, not as badly as the poor human subjects in the exhibit.  Very interesting exhibit. No cell phones and cameras were allowed in the exhibit
4	Great exhibition. I'm extremely fascinated by the human body, as I'm sure most people are. The presentation is fantastic. The bodies and organs are displayed in very creative and artistic ways and this lends itself to a more palatable way of staring at what are really just preserved dead bodies. The science and art are combined in such an interesting way. There are also some great staff around to answer all your questions and clarify anything you might be wondering about. I'd recommend this exhibit to anyone. I know it's showing in many cities, so if you happen to have one near you take the opportunity to see it at least once. You won't be disappointed.
4	.., interesting & insightful! Came here w/ my gf Diane during Thanksgiving wkend & it was surprisingly empty. Shopping perhaps? Either way everywhere on the strip was packed, it was nice to take a breather from all the crazies.W/ facts written on the walls, displays, & even audio assistance provided, I felt my $35 was well spent. It's crazy to see how well they preserved the bodies/organs donated from China. I couldn't help but wondering who these people were before they passed. If you have the time to learn about something during your stay in Vegas of all places, I suggest you come here. No cameras allowed. There was an employee walking around in a lab coat making sure the exhibits weren't disturbed. He kept asking us if we needed help or had any ?'s but the tone in his voice made him come off like a jerk. Not sure if I'd come back again, but I do agree it is a must. Check it out!
4	Cool ... But the details were not exact ...
4	It was a pretty cool thing to go and see, they have some of the same things as the museum in Chicago, like the fetuses at different stages, and the body slices. Defiantly worth the money and if your going with a friend opt for one audio tour because it is a little remote you hold up to your ear and it talks to you but you can hear it if your in talking distance of someone you came with.$39 a person and audio tour is like $6 extra a person.
4	Very interesting exhibit. I'm just geeky enough that I was walking through and taking notes so that I could go back to work and share this information with my students.  There was so much information to take in.  Fascinating stuff. Some parts can be a little gruesome (e.g., seeing a smoker's lung), but still interesting.  Everything is presented in an educational way, and I learned a lot.  Definitely worth checking out!
5	This is super cool and every one should see it once at least.  I have been 3 times and it is always fascinating!  Yes...kind of creepy.  Not for the faint of heart, but really really really worth seeing.  My favorite part is the interesting facts posted all over the walls of the exhibit.
4	This is more of a 3.5/5 place, really.You do have to go up a VERY LONG escalator to get to the gate from the Luxor lobby, and when you're at the gate, you have to gonup another flight of stairs to go to the exhibit. One thing I found odd was that the lady said I would be upstairs for 90 minutes. I was up there for more like 30. Maybe it's because I have a quicker operating mind, but I was out pretty fast. That being said, this was entertaining. They took parts from real, preserved human bodies and spent a year trying to make every part from each body they took presentable. This means we get to see an actual circulatory system, bodies sliced to ribbons for deconstuction of how they work, etc. It's quite creepy and definitely not for the faint hearted.So why the 1.5 docked? It's too short. Again, maybe it's because I was upstairs for a short period of time but I think there could have been more... It just leaves you feeling like there was more they could have explored.Otherwise, in a 3 for $54 deal, it was worth the money and time. Definitely recommended.
5	One of my aunts told me not to eat before entering the exhibit because when she went there, she was soo grossed out that it made her lose her appetite. Honestly, it was ANYTHING BUT!I am one day aspiring to pursue a career in the medical field and this place was such an eye opener! The displays were real bodies (or parts) donated willingly, preserved and have been placed creatively to depict life (one of them was posing as if he was holding a football for a touchdown, another one was posed with his hands on his hips etc) Of course, anyone who's not entirely comfortable seeing the insides of the human body could let this exhibit pass and check out the titanic exhibit right beside it instead. I could reassure you that everything was presented with the intention to educate. All the dissections were clean and carefully sculpted (near the end, what seems like a carpet of some sort turned out to be human skin laid out flat) so it's not hard to see them as an artwork than just a bunch of corpses. Impressive!
5	Interesting and educational. For me, seeing this exhibit up close and personal was a really great experience for me. Reading the different tibits of information on the walls; seeing the different displays both encased or as the life sized models that were all preserved for our educational or entertainment purposes. I feel that it's a must see and definitely much more worth while than reading a book or looking up a website. It was definitely a lot more interesting to me than what I remember from school. It's not a gross as some people made it out to be for me - in fact, the one part of the exhibit that some might find not to their taste (fetus), there's a bypass so you don't have to miss the rest of the show. You can really fly thru the place if you don't spend much time. I took my sweet time, looking at everything. Reading everything. In some cases, taking a second look.
4	Wish they would have described some parts... I'm not a doctor. But it made me understand my body more.
3	I would never pay full price for this exhibit, but with a Groupon, it was kind of worth it. I'd seen this exhibit before, and the information provided, as well as the actual views of the bodies (and fetuses) is certainly fascinating. However, it can be a lot to read, some of the medical jargon is difficult to interpret, and at the end, you really wish there were some interactive elements interspersed throughout. Perhaps because it's a lot to take in, or maybe because I have a horrible memory, I can hardly recall any of what I picked up in this exhibit.I guess, most prominently, this exhibit convinces you not to smoke (but I already knew that) and that there are some horrific diseases that you would like to avoid at all costs. Go once and bring your reading glasses.
5	I was blown away the entire time. This place is definitely a must see if you're in Vegas. It was so interesting to be able to see how the bodies look like in different angles and how our skin alone is almost 20 pounds depending on your body size! The saddest part of the Exhibition was the babies section.. Babies as young as 3 weeks I think, all the way till it was almost full grown. It might be too much for some people, which is why that part of the exhibition has a exit in case some people just can't handle that. It was definitely worth my money! A bit pricey but it was worth seeing :)
3	Bodies... the Exhibition. I'm starting to believe that once you've seen one or two, they're all pretty much the same. I recall seeing one a few years back in LA and it focused on the human heart. Of course, it touched upon the human anatomy in general as well. This Bodies Exhibit at the Luxor Hotel & Casino wasn't too different from that. As a first timer, I would say go for it. For $32 full price and you've seen it elsewhere, I may just pass it up. Granted I found tickets for half off the full admission price on the internet, so I was more inclined to check it out again. Plus, I thought it would've been different.No food, drinks, BATHROOMS, or photography which includes your iPhone 4s, HTCs, Samsungs, etc. The lady who scans your ticket gives you a final warning about how they're no restrooms during the exhibit so take her advice.I would say we zoomed through it pretty quickly. We attempted to read everything but it's like information overload. We probably got done with it in about an hour max. I can see people spending hours in here, reading every detail and examining all the models like a forensics expert. Also, it's eerily quiet like a library and I guess that's an unwritten law here. Everyone whispers.As I said, for your first time this may be a great experience. You'll see that it is quite informative and it does promote a healthier lifestyle. If you need to burn some time, then perhaps a good option. If you've been through a Bodies Exhibit elsewhere before, then go try your luck on the slots or even the Titanic exhibit next door. It just wasn't as impressive as the first time around.Is it true, are the donated human organs and bodies from the Chinese? That's a rumor I heard. Take a look at the eyes too; I was starting to see a pattern. Hmmmm???
5	This is one of the only attractions in Vegas that I can honestly say is worth the money.  I walked away with a lot of "inside" knowledge of things that I had never seen or knew about in the human body.
4	Im so glad I went to this! It was so interesting to see the way our bodies are put together. Reading about anatomy and seeing it are definitely two different things. I would recommend this exhibit to anyone even slightly curious about how our bodies work. There wasn't anything that got me queasy or lightheaded, but my friend Nancy had to sit after she saw the skin display. It looked like someone just peeled the epidermis off like the skin off of an orange or something. It got me thinking of some horror movies I have seen- scary stuff! This isn't the type of thing I would see again, but I am glad I have seen it once for sure!
4	I thought this exhibit was great, it's very educational and if you can get over the fact you are looking at dead people then you'll be OK with it. It's something I would recommend kids see, even though it might lead to certain questions parents might not want to answer, its a good visually interactive exhibit for them to check out! It's honestly though for all ages, it's great to check out in Vegas if you are one of those people who don't just come to get wasted and party (not that I'm knocking that haha).
3	The exhibit: If you've never seen it before, it's worth having a look at because it really is fascinating. I love the exhibit, but it's a bit pricey ($35 per person) for a permanent show and they don't offer enough new stuff to get me to pay to keep coming back. If you have an M life card you can get $5 off and if you are going in a group, that can add up.  The staff:I will say that the people taking your picture out in front of it are really super rude. The girl seemed pretty upset that I didn't want a picture taken after she blocked our way and then she made us walk around her to get inside. I find it irritating in general that they are trying to sell you something right after you pay for a ticket and before you ever see anything (I find the idea of a posed photo at the bodies exhibit tacky) but if they are going to do it, they should consider at least getting people that aren't going to be rude about it.
4	It's a must see. Really cool, and educationional as well. I would recommend it to anyone visiting Vegas.
4	Very interesting in deed...It is a great opportunity (if you are interested) in seeing parts of the human body, you don't normally see..and a great way to see how the body works and you are literally right next to the exhibit.Not sure I would pay full price for this show, but you still got to appreciate the work that has gone into the exhibition. I would recommend.
5	I was a bit apprehensive about going to see this exhibit, but as I was with my mother and sister in Vegas, and they wanted to go, I obliged and tagged along.  Boy, I am glad I did!  It's a bit eerie to be standing in a room with a bunch of corpses, but everything is so well-displayed and the chronology of the exhibit makes the whole museum tour flow so much easier. Do not miss the fetus exhibit... it is probably the COOLEST exhibit of all. It truly made me aware of how intricate the human body is. If the slots and tables didn't eat up your money, do take 2 hours out of your vegas trip to go to this exhibit, it's fantastic.
4	Vegas: gambling, shows, buffet and education? Why not? Take a break from all the lights and glamour and get educated here. You will learn how complex the human body is after this education tour. And is amazing how they distract all the human body parts like the blood stream, and shows you about it. Even the local medical students take a tour here.  Yes, it was all real human parts. Talking about giving your body to medical science.
4	Super cool & informative exhibit. This is one like you've never seen before, be prepared to learn everything about the human body.Ticket prices are pretty hefty in my opinion, but it's an exhibit, and it's in Vegas so I give it that. Abotu $35 a person, but we found them for $28 a person at some little ticket stand.Audio option is available too for an extra charge. No music or anything, super intimate, spread out... it's a reading type of exhibit. Inside the Luxor which has free parking on the backside. I went on a Monday so it wasn't too busy. You'll definitely be wow-ed by the exhibit in the way that it will make you look at yourself and respect your body a lot more.Definitely hit this exhibit up if you have free time while you're in Vegas! No pictures allowed & you must silence your cell!
4	One of the advantages of staying in the Luxor is this exhibit is just downstairs.  I had missed the local exhibition in Portland and I definitely wanted to see this.  This will definitely give you a good deal of insight on how the human body works.  After viewing the part of the exhibit about smoking and what it does to your body overall.  We spent approximately an hour in there and study various human forms.  It's very tastefully done and more informative than scary or unnerving.  It would be good for a science class field trip for high school and above.I would definitely recommend to a friend.
5	Definitely a must-see if you're in town - this exhibit is soooooo interesting!  Although I would totally go again, I have to say I was a little weirded out knowing that I was viewing a REAL human body - even though I knew that going in....when I saw the hair and pores on their faces, it really hit me.  The fetus section was definitely the coolest to see - seeing how a baby forms week by week was just so amazing.  DO NOT MISS THIS!
4	Whether you're visiting or local, this is a must try at least once.  I say once because my 2nd time was just okay.  But, let's discuss my 1st time.This place is facinating and the price is just about right for an exhibit.  I don't remember paying $35 per person like everyone else.  I might have received a local discount.  The human body is amazing and always makes me wonder how everything works together.  You can basically learn everything about the human body at this exhibit. You see everything from the bones, muscles, viens, etc. I didn't get the guided tour, just read the signs. Also, the staff is educated enough that they can answer all your questions.  At least, they answered all of mine.  At the end, I paid the money and got the lenticular photo which changes your body into skeletons.  Pretty cool stuff. If anything, this exhibit may have changed my life.  There is one section dedicated to smoking and how the tar really affects our lungs.  This part of the exhibit was eye opening.  I've known about the affects of my bad habit, but this place really brings it to light with their stats and examples of what a smoker's lungs look like.  Immediately after this exhibit, I made a concious effort to quit smoking.  So far, been a month since I had a cigarette.  This exhibit helped me do what no one was every able to help me do, that's cut my smoking.
4	I was excited and nervous to visit this exhibit becuase I thought I was going to be grossed out by seeing the bodies, but I wasn't. I was completely fascinated by the experience. To literally see what it looks like inside of yourself is a bit surreal. I learned a lot about the human body I had not realized before.My only wish was that there was a guided tour. There is just so much to see and try to understand. They did have a gentleman doctor/scientist that was ready to answer any questions and was extremely informative but I would have rather had him guide us and just keep telling us what he knows. There is the option to get the audio recordings but it's not the same as being able to stop and ask questions and learn more.
5	These body displays use to be real people and they signed a waiver before there death so their body can be used for medical research. This great place to learn anatomy and the function of each bone and muscle in our body. You'll learn a lot of new stuff about what our body is capable of and the affects of cancer, drugs, smoking etc and what kind if harm it can cause by looking at real organs affected by these diseases compared to a healthy organ.
5	I've been wanting to go to this exhibit since I moved to Vegas but never got around to it, I took loads of pix so take a gander. And why not go on Thursday night at 7pm, it won't take you long!  I believe the pricing is about $35 and it took us about 40 mins to get through.  So you won't be here all day.This exhibit is not for the faint of heart, there's real body parts, and I think the fetus room was definitely the best and hardest room to view.  I think it was something with the conjoined twins that made me a little uneasy.  In fact, I believe, on an educational level this is great place to take kids over the age of 15/16. At least High School and definitely college. There's a lot of male genitalia on display here & I ain't talking about Chippendale style, so bare that in mind.  Definitely adult topics.All of the bodies are from China and they all agreed to have their bodies donated to science [supposedly]. They also can't confirm that the body with 'black lung' was a smoker. This is the only thing I did not like about this exhibit.  My grandfather had black lung and it wasn't b/c he was a smoker, but rather a coal miner in the 50s/60s, I would've liked if they could report more about the individuals lifestyle/diet/age etc so you can get a better understanding of how they lived and perhaps why they passed.
4	Very, very interesting.  Took me about 45 minutes to go through the entire exhibit.  This is a great thing to see.  To see how they were able to preserve the bodies and organs was interesting.  Definitely a must see for the intrigued!  Cost at the door was $35.00.I would say this would be good for kids 7 and up, depending on maturity.
5	I love this exhibit. My mother is an Anatomy & Physiology teacher and I've been assisting her since I was little. When this exhibit was in Seattle (and we were living there) we took numerous field trips with small groups of her students so they could really see all these organs and muscle groups and nerves, etc. that they were learning about. It really cemented the knowledge for them. This time in Vegas it was just my mum and I going for fun. It's all the same stuff, but it never really gets old (if you're into that sort of thing).I had to take issue with the banners everywhere saying that the show was "banned everywhere else" but Vegas. I saw it numerous times in Seattle and I know it was in Portland, San Diego and other cities, too. It wasn't banned, it just had its run and moved on, like every other museum exhibition. *Also, to the people asking why it would be banned in the first place or asking about the controversy: All of these bodies are from China. They (China) have told everyone that these people donated their bodies to science willingly and formally, but there have been numerous whistleblowers who have come forward with evidence that some, if not all, of the bodies are of Chinese prisoners, some political. We have no way of knowing whether this is true, though we can suspect it is. I just hope that if people can learn things about their own bodies from these Bodies, maybe that can take some of the stink off the project. There's a lot we can learn from all aspects of this exhibit.*The gift shop was much more extensive than the one in Seattle and I regret not buying a little spinal cord keychain. If we're in an area where Bodies is being shown my mother and I will go again and again.
4	I wasn't sure if I should go, since it might be too gross. And give me nightmares or cause me to develop an involuntary twitch.But I read a yelp review saying you should see something like this at least once in your life.  I decided that was convincing and went.As it turns out, the exhibit wasn't gross at all. I have seem similar before  Not exactly the same but similar.  Skeletons models in school/knee models in doctors office/half eaten chicken etc are not that far off from what's on display here.  True, these models are ACTUAL DUDES.  You sort of have to keep reminding yourself of that.  Like a movie based on a true story.  The fact that it really happened makes it a better story.The exhibits are thought provoking.  To see the whole body laid out in parts really brings home what an amazing machine the body is.  There are so many critical parts.  It's a wonder more people don't drop dead more often from a bum pancreas or lung.   Or busted brain or stomach.  Alot has to go right for us to walk around everyday.  I wouldn't recommend the audio tour (+$5).  The cue cards will keep you plenty busy.  They're informative with an activist tilt.  You'll learn that the brain is 2% of a mans body weight and 2.5% of a womens body weight (give yourself a high five ladies!).  They also have a blacked out lung with a cue card urging you to throw away your cigarettes for good, in a see through box provided. (Some cigarettes were in there.)Overall, its a worthwhile experience.  And you won't get nightmares.  I left  wondering how they tricked the models into participating (they're all chinese btw..strange).  Aside from that I feel sorry for animals (say dogs for instance) that have all the same basic parts as us but are dumbasses due to their small brains. Anyway..the exhibit will probably get you thinking.  Worth it.
5	Was an awesome experience....too bad they would let you take pix...so i guess everyones has to go and see it for themselves...lol!
4	NAKED BODIES EVERYWHERE! O_O Haha, just kidding.I'm in the Health Sciences field and I was absolutely fascinated with this exhibit. I literally had to drag my family to this exhibit at the Luxor. The admission fee is a bit expensive, but once you walk inside - you will forget about the price and be enmeshed with the beauty of anatomy.There are cadaver models displayed in each exhibit, in which the rooms will take you from the skeletal system to musculoskeletal system and more. There is a controversial part of the exhibit, in which all visitors will see a warning sign. This part of the exhibit displays fetuses at different developmental stages. For those who are a bit touchy on the subject, they may choose to skip this portion of the exhibit.Other than this, this exhibit is remarkable, in that you are exposed to not only interesting information but also a deeper look into the human body. You not only see a pair of smoker's lungs but also a liver damaged by excessive use of alcohol. This eye-widening experience may be significant and memorable for the audience.I recommend this for anyone who is interested in learning about the human anatomy. :)
4	I've wanted to see this exhibit for a long time.  How else will you be able to see inside the human body without, er, inflicting damage on yourself??  I would not bother paying for the audio guide, as the numerous display cards give more than enough info.  The models are actual bodies and are organized by "system": cardiovascular, muscular, nervous, etc.  There is one area that may be offensive to some visitors (the fetus room) but it can be bypassed.The display is not "gross" at all.  Some of the models are bisected which can make one's thoughts go awry, but overall, the models are a fantastic look into the amazing beings we are.  In addition to seeing different parts of the body and the different "systems," the exhibition also includes organ specimens that have been damaged by smoking, high cholesterol, etc.  If I weren't already a non-smoker, I would have become one after seeing BODIES.  ;PNo photographs or videos are permitted.  Make sure to visit the restroom before entering the exhibit as there isn't one inside!  I paid about $29 (locals' discount) and spent about an hour and a quarter wandering around.  High-five ladies!  Our brains make up 2.5% of our body weight, on average, than guys' brains (2%).  ;)
3	The price is steep, locals get in for 32 bucks.  It takes about one hour to wander through, I could see some people turn a little green around the gills as we went through, especially in the fetus room.  Fascinating exhibit if you are in the medical/nursing/science field, not so much if you are not.
5	An absolutely riveting exhibition.  The meticulousness of the project left me astounded again and again.  Last year it was a choice between this or the Titanic exhibit because of time and money constraints and it was definitely worth it. I can't write more about this because it is so good it is something you have to see for yourself and I definitely do not want to ruin it for you.
5	We got the locals discount, which was $40 (I think??) and included admission to this exhibit and the Titanic exhibit. I'd always been curious about this exhibit so I was excited to see it. My cousin is a surgical tech and she went when it first opened and absolutely loved it. I am not a surgical tech, however, so I'll admit that some of it freaked me out a bit. But I'm definitely glad I saw it. It's very fascinating. I liked the area where the lungs are that has a place where people can throw their cigarettes away. If I smoked and saw the unhealthy lungs, I would throw mine away, too. I was happy to see quite a few packs were thrown away. If you're into being educated about the human body, it's definitely something you should check out!
4	If you are entering Bodies because you have a thing for guts, gore, and things that make you say "sick, man", you'll be just a tad disappointed as I was. The Bodies exhibit is expansive and detailed but most of the preserved parts looked plastic and very much lifeless (well... Duh) to me. My favorite parts were the comparisons of healthy lungs and brains to diseased lungs and brains. If the cost wasn't so affordable, I don't think I would rate Bodies so highly - but based on admission now, it is worth it. Also, they have a human butthole, and who doesn't want to brag about seeing a removed butthole in Vegas?
5	I have traveled to 15 countries and have seen some amazing sites, the wailing wall, Vatican, Eiffel Tower to name a few and this was one of the most amazing things I have ever seen. This is not supposed to be a "sick man" type of exhibit, as some people mention in other reviews. It is an extremely informative and real life look at our bodies, inside and out. I wanted to be a doctor so I have always been interested in physiology, but I think this exhibit would be interesting to most intelligent people. I was shocked at a few of the ridiculous reviews on yelp..... but I wont waste my time stating why those people are so ignorant. My husband and I had a plane to catch and we nearly missed it, because we were told we would need about an hour but we had to hurry up because we could have easily been there for 2. I have a good understanding of the body, but seeing it up close and personal was an experience I will never forget. The process the bodies go through for preparation is also incredibly amazing. Have I said it's AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING and well worth seeing! Also, they give discounts to students, locals, vets, fireman and policeman, which I think is awesome! If you are going to Vegas take in a show and makes sure to see this exhibit!
4	Very cool and informative exhibit! I enjoyed it very much, and will prolly check it out again in the future.
5	This is a great place for anyone who has ever wanted to learn about human's and their bodies.My dad took me here one time, and I loved it. They show you everything there is to know about your body, and it's cool to see how your insides look. They do have a fetus area, but if you don't want to see it, you don't have to, but I would recommend you do so you can see how we develop in the uterus, and what can go wrong.
3	Not long enough.  Otherwise great models and real items if the human body.
5	Even being a nurse, I still learned stuff I didn't know. Worth a look! Especially the stages of pregnancy and the conjoined twins they had on display.A rumor I heard on the news was that almost all of the bodies in the exhibit were Chinese men and women who were executed in China and given a choice to donate there body to science if they wanted. I don't know if that's at all true but heck neat if it is!!
3	While it was totally fun, I wanted more.  I felt like it was a bit sparse and empty.  I was still craving to see more and left feeling like - that was it?Any doctors, nurses, or other practitioners already know this stuff so they would be better off saving their money.This exhibit is more geared toward the average person (without a heavy Science background) wanting to learn about basic anatomy and the body.  It's a quick walk through, especially if you know Anatomy so the price ~$30 (with a discount) was a little steep.  I'd understand charging $20-22 for it, but anything beyond that seems a bit overpriced but hey, Education is Knowledge and Knowledge is Power - Yeah!There is a small gift shop afterwards where you can pick up awesome posters from $10-15.  Definitely worth it.Location: inside the Luxor, on the 2nd floor - go up the escalator from the ground floor of the main lobby
4	I've been wanting to see this exhibit for years, and finally made it there recently. I checked in on the Yelp app when I got there and it offered me a free audio tour - nice! The exhibit is really well-done. There are quick facts printed on the walls, and more detailed information printed next to each display. The way the bodies are preserved makes them look like plastic, but they're all real. If you're really squeamish you might not enjoy it, but I think most people are ok. They do a great job of showing how complex and intricate our bodies are. It's definitely worth the admission fee. I'd plan to spend at least an hour going through it, and more than that if you want to read everything really thoroughly.
4	What an interesting and informative exhibit.  As a medical professional, it was so interesting to see this.  It gives a perfect live example of what our text books attempted to simulate while in school.  It is tastefully done and respect is given to the bodies used.  They do not allow touching or photography which is a plus.  This is an attraction better suited to put in your memory rather than memory card.The most interesting part was the fetal development stages.  I have only read about them, and never actually seen what a fetus looks like at 6 weeks other than in books.  So to see it with my own eyes was quite amazing.The one downside to this exhibit is the price.....$35 per person just to get in.  THEN, if you want to audio recording to go with the exhibit, its an extra $6 bucks.  So while I think the exhibit is an easy 5 star attraction, the price pulls a full star out of it.  They would be a lot more repeat customers if they lowered the price a bit.  This would be an amazing exhibit to take medical and nursing students through.
5	I highly recommend checking out this exhibit.  To all you raging alcoholics, I know its not what you go to Vegas to see or do but it is pretty awesome.  You can definitely go with your family but I will warn you that there are a lot of penises throughout and vaginas when you get to the sexual reproduction section.  I should also warn you that the exhibition is pretty long so pee beforehand (I learned this the hard way).  You learn a lot and its pretty crazy that everything is REAL.  At the end if you do a quick survey you get a promo code for 10% off in the gift shop.  I am a sucker for souvenirs so I did it of course and got a shirt, but they have a bunch of cool nifty little things for pretty cheap.My only complaint is that you can't take pictures.  Obviously some people do but I'm no rebel.Lastly, there's a 3 for $57 promotion.  You choose 3 different exhibits, museums, etc and only pay $57 to get in and no you don't have go to all 3 places in one day.  We chose BODIES($32), Titanic ($32), and Shark Reef Aquarium($18) for a grand total of $82 so we saved $25 each...not too shabby.
5	Great explanations. Impressive exhibition. Absolutely worth your time if you're in Vegas.
3	I've wanted to see Bodies for a few years, and finally had an opportunity to visit Vegas on a business trip (free trip, yay!)I didn't really pay much attention in Biology class while in school, and my exposure to the medical field is watching surgery shows on TLC.  That being said, I thought that, overall, this was a very fascinating exhibit.  I know people are squeamish about the 'baby' room (and truthfully, the older fetuses bothered me a bit, too) but it was very cool to see development from a mass of cells to an actual baby.  All of the various organs and what can happens...super interesting.   However, to throw some reality of an average non-medical person in the mix...it's been over a week and I still can't eat bacon, look at raw meat, or even think about eating meat on the bone.  At one point during the walk through, all I could think was, "sweet baby Jesus, what kind of person said to themselves, 'hey, let's skin a person and put their skin on display in a jaunty pose'?"I know I'm in the minority with that opinion on here, and I am A-OK with that!  And all that being said, I am very glad that I went to see it...but you couldn't pay me to go back.
4	I had always been skeptical about spending the money to see this exhibit but I'm glad my family and I got to see it. It was fascinating. Even if you don't care about the human body it's still very interesting. I do wish we were allowed to take pictures though. I checked in on Yelo and got a free audio tour too! And I had to spring for the holgram souvenir picture that makes you look like you're a skeleton.
3	Didn't realize I never submitted this review that I wrote a couple years back. The exhibition still going on currently. We felt it was very good and educational too. We took our daughter here because she is interested in this kind of stuff.  Learned a lot about our bodies from how it looks to how it works. I think the part that affected us the most was the babies section.  While it was interesting to see it was very sad at the same time.  However I do appreciate that there are warnings if you choose not to view that part they show you to the nearest exit otherwise you can proceed at your wish.
3	Bodies was a cool exhibit to attend in Las Vegas. Lots of cool FAQs and things to experience during this 45 minute walk through. The only down side for me was all the reading.I wouldn't go to Bodies again. But, I'm happy my girl friend and I went. TIP: Get the 3 attractions for 57.00 deal at the Luxor box office. That way you can see this and two other exhibits for one great price!
4	I have to say I was pretty amazed by this exhibit... Wish we were able to take pics or video but it's not allowed if your thinking about going to see this do it!!!
5	It is truly amazing learning all about the body! I was not expecting it to be that informative! And seeing the body broken down and even how the muscles and tissues work. The baby room was crazy cool! To see the development of a baby is nuts! I recommend going here! It is worth it!
4	Life changing.This exhibit made me re-evaluate how I take care of my body.  I've learned so much about different unique illnesses and deformities.   An ongoing theme was showing the negative results that alcohol and cigarettes can do to your body.  I find it funny that after stepping out of the exhibit, I'm greeted with slot machines, free alcohol, and second hand smoking.  Regardless, I absorbed more information from this exhibit than when I took a basic anatomy class during my sophomore year in college.
5	This is a great exhibit, even if you're not into bodies, medicine, etc. It's interesting to actually see how the body works. I was astounded by the things I saw in this exhibit. As a side note, I used to be a smoker but had quit months ago and this seriously reinforced my decision. Seeing the smoker's lungs compared to healthy lung gives an incredible visual of what you're putting you body through. I also felt that the bodies were treated very respectfully. Nothing in the exhibit stepped over ethical boundaries for me. However, there is a fetal developmental exhibit which may bother some people. They do warn you before you enter that area though so that it can be avoided. This was a great exhibit and learning experience. It's so different from seeing pictures in a textbook. Also -they do a military discount if applicable!
5	First off people, this is a LAS VEGAS production. It's going to have a higher price tag, GET OVER THAT FIRST STEP!!! (If the price isn't to your satisfaction, find a discount. They exist.) Everyone will take something different from this exhibit, that's the point. If you have never seen this and are squeamish then it might bother you, but maybe not. Who knows, you do. It's certainly interesting to see all of the tissues, and parts of the human body in different states. I didn't use the audio tour and was quite intrigued by the exhibit. If you want a more in depth look then by all means headphone up.
5	I saw the touring version in Atlanta in 2007, and I am glad I had the opportunity to see it again in Vegas. It was very eye opening and a really nice break from the fast paced strip atmosphere! I would go again, but I would wait a few years so I could forget most f the information again. :-)
5	Truly awesome.  In AP Biology we visited a college where they had dissected human bodies in study; but I learned more walking through and reading the descriptions in this exhibit than I did then.  The method they used to preserve the bodies' systems and extricate them from the otherwise concealing components is impressive.  Being able to actually see the veins and arteries in the organs and throughout the body was inspiring.  While much ado was paid to the effects of smoking (thankfully I never have, so I wasn't particularly troubled by this aspect), I took from the exhibit that the body is a very delicate system with many tiny working parts and we, as stewards, must do what we can to protect and nurture it.
1	Very cool, but there is a good reason for the one star. Read below...Being that both my boyfriend and I are part of the medical community we are fascinated by the human body. These types of exhibits are an excellent way to understand what makes you tick! As far as this particular bodies exhibit it was okay. A bit boring compared to the original Body Worlds but pretty cool.  However, there was an older woman who works there wouldn't leave us alone. She kept going from room to room explaining something when we didn't ask for an explanation. Being that we probably knew more about the human body then she did, it was starting to annoy us. We just wanted the quiet so we could enjoy the exhibit and what was in front of us.Also, about 6 years ago I visited the original Body Worlds. It was much more exciting and allowed viewers to see not only humans but animals as well. It was much more interactive and they showed you the entire process they go through to create one perfectly preserved body. Also they used many different races as well as both genders equally. This exhibit in the Luxor seems to be using mostly Asian men, and it made us suspicious of why.(Reason for my one star review!) I did some research and found its possible these bodies are prisoners from China who were executed and were not given a choice in where they now "rest". I'm not someone who believes in an afterlife and so I don't exactly worry for the person who is being displayed because he doesn't know, however if he had living family who wanted him properly buried that should have been the families choice, not Chinas. China should not be profiting off of these people, they should be donated.  In the original Body Worlds every body is donated by people who wanted to be apart of the exhibit. Now knowing this I regret spending my money here and wouldn't return. I would rather spend my money with a reputable organization. Lastly, I think those who are pissed about these types of exhibits due to religious views because of unborn fetuses or people shouldn't see inside the human body in this manner really need to grow up. This is science related, keep your religious views to yourself. You don't see scientists and medical staff making a fuss over fictional religious stories being told in your church, do you?  No, because they respect the fact that you want to have a belief. So people who have an issue with this don't need to attend. So stop trying to ruin it for others!
4	I have been waiting to see the Bodies exhibit for a few years now and I heard Vegas is one the best. The good part, the bodies of course are real. The information and commentary make you think really hard about over-drinking or smoking. It is not for the faint of heart. You will see fetuses. The bodies are preserved well, you will be in awe in just how they were able to separate the veins from the skin. The bad, I guess I wanted more. I expected to be there for 3 hours but it only took me 1.5. When we were finish I was thinking 'this is it?' I think I was also expecting weirder bodies (think Mutter Museum in Philly). Overall, the exhibit was pretty straight forward (healthy lungs/bad lungs, good heart/bad heart, etc) and I would recommend anyone to visit it. I went on a Tuesday morning so it wasn't crowed which was perfect.  When they add the weirder stuff, I'll be back.
4	I enjoyed Bodies, but the person at the front desk never mentioned an audio guide or whatever that was. It disappointed me because I would have totally wanted it. I was shocked at some of the facts on the walls, but it felt simple in a way. To better explain, bodies are obviously in full view, but when it comes down to it, we are that and what we do affects our precious bodies. I got kind of emotional but not like some others at the exhibit. I would have liked to see more in depth things to certain body parts, but it was still fascinating and I would recommend it to anyone.
5	This was an incredible experience and one that shouldn't be missed. I had my girlfriend, who's a nurse, as my tour guide so I declined the audio accompaniment headphones ($6 extra). We got our tix at the box office of Luxor as part of a 3 for $57 deal.  Good value as we were able to check out Mirage Secret Garden and Dolphin park as well as the aquarium Shark Reef experience at Mandalay Bay.   Leaving the Bodies exhibit I found a much better Macro understanding of how my own body works and a better understanding of how all the parts fit together and work as one incredible machine. I would recommend devoting at least two hours to this walk through of exhibits to fully take it all in.   We took the tour at 5 o'clock on a Wednesday in January which left us pretty much alone with the exhibit which was also very nice.
4	I visited the Bodies exhibit in October 2013. The exhibit was well organized and kept my attention from beginning to end. The exhibit is packed with interesting information and things to see. You will walk away with new knowledge of the human body.
5	It was highly educational and definitely worth seeing even for people without a science/biology background. Although you are staring at prepared cadavers, the exhibit did not feel overly graphic. and.... we were lucky to get a group rate (at $21 per person).
3	This was absolutely incredible. I wish I would've went in with a notepad and paper to take notes. With each specimen, there was a detailed description of it and it's purposes and functions. One downside is you're not allowed to take pictures. To my disappointment I can see from yelp people have taken pictures anyway, but they don't do the real exhibits any justice. The most powerful exhibit for me was the fetal development exhibit. It was hard to see the infant bodies, but from a scientific perspective it was breath taking. One thing I will say is that I am totally against abortion to begin with. After seeing the fetus as it develops, even in the early weeks of gestation, you can still make out a tiny human being. Just makes my stance even more rock solid.As of recent, I learned the history of the human bodies in the exhibit. Apparently the bodies in the exhibit were purchased from China, but they come from prison inmates. The inmates didn't have a choice in the matter. Morally, I have an issue with this. In another bodies exhibit, the bodies were donated by the person for science, but these people were forced into eternal humiliation; they're naked bodies, parts, and organs are up for display for hundreds of people daily to gawk at them. It's as though they don't get to rest in peace. Just a little disturbing in my opinion.
4	This was something really amazing to see.  It's basically like a museum in that you can't touch or use flash photography but what you're looking at is fascinating.  The specimens are well preserved and the little info panels around the exhibit are very informative.  Get the audio tour option for more detailed descriptions.
4	A must see. Helps you learn about what is going on in your body. Titanic is next door so take a coffee break and do both. Heard if you go towards the end you get deals on both. Buy as part of the 3 for 57 deal offered inside MGM grand.
5	There are no words for this exhibit. . you definitely have to go see for yourself.I actually would love to go back and spend some more time there.  It truly is amazing, not just the human body itself but the time and skill put into creating these exhibits.  It is initially kind of eerie because they are real bodies, but once you get past that, which you will after you are overcome with awe by about the second body.It was very educational, a great thing to take kids to despite the nature of it.
3	This exhibit is not for the faint of heart.  I do not consider myself a squeamish person but I can honestly say I walked through most of this exhibit with my head down.  My sister dragged me almost literally into this exhibit.  Don't get me wrong if you work in the medical field or you are ok with a bunch of dead bodies looking at you lol then this exhibit will not bother you.  There were some really cool and interesting areas that I did look at and the whole thing is amazing what they do and how they show every intricate part of the human body, it truly is an amazing thing.  I just personally get a little grossed out by some of it.  Also the whole section on pregnant women and babies was a lot to look at and not feel sad.  They had all these tiny babies from every stage of the cycle of growing in the womb and maybe it is because I am a woman I don't know but it was hard to see all of that personally.
5	Reallly cool exhibit alot of stuff to see I got the free audio tour with checking in here on yelp.. didnt really use it, it was just faster to read the info yourself I wished I would have spent more time in here but I rushed through it from my feet hurting me from going to it at end of my trip, a must see if you want to see the inside of the human body and how everything works
5	Highly recommend! Go to the discount ticket booths for $19 tickets to save $12 a ticket). We did not do the audio version...I think next time I would. However, reading is fundamental and we still thought it was an amazing experience. Specifically, this exhibit let's you look at preserved human bodies and various muscles, organs, ligaments, nerves, etc. I particularly enjoyed looking at the preserved fetuses. It was sad because you knew they had perished in utero or shortly after birth. However, very cool to see and learn about them up close and personal. Go see it!
5	This museum in the Luxor is great for tourists who have never really seen the human body. They have audio tours but at an additional cost. All of the body parts are put in cases and they even have facts hung onto the wall. About halfway through a sign says "This maybe inappropriate for children, you can continue or exit." (Something like that) [example of the room: preserved fetuses] Not exactly sure where the exit leads you there as I've been through the room every time. The normal exit is where you have to return the audio remotes, you can give feedback on the museum, and there is a gift shop. (Items are quite expensive, $3.99 for a small eraser I believe yikes!) But in all this museum has exquisite models of the human body and can help you learn much about it. [Note:Small children maybe frightened. Not recommended for children under 8; if you are thinking of becoming a medical doctor and need to study, this is the place for you!)
4	Really, really, neat! We brought our 9 year old son and he enjoyed it, too. It was awesome how you can see everything and nothing is hidden behind glass. Literally, you could touch the bodies! (But don't... Lol). Only reason why I didn't give it five stars was due to price. We are locals and I had a coupon and I still paid almost $90 for the 3 of us. They should really let children be admitted for free because although it is interesting, they don't really find much enjoyment from it like adults do. The whole exhibit takes about an hour and when we went it was uncrowded. Fantastic exhibit overall and I am glad I got to experience it!
3	I went to see the exhibit on my own while my date sat at the poker table.  I had seen cadavers and bones before so those sections didn't interest me as much.  The veins & nerves were really amazingly presented and I really enjoyed seeing the different stages of the fetus.  The exhibit was much smaller then I expected for the $30 admission (it was $35 but I had a coupon).  The only little thing that put me off a bit was the imagine in the advertisement of the face - half showing what's below the skin and half of what looks to be a Caucasian woman.  This exhibit passed through SF years back and was met with some protest because of the rumored way they obtained some of the bodies in China.  From the size of the figures as well as the shape of the features, it's obvious the full figures are of Asian descent so I just wish that was represented in the ad
5	When people ask what to see this makes the top 10 things to see. very much worth the $$
5	This was such a beautiful display of what we are all given from birth to death our body! It goes through all the systems; circulatory , respiratory, fetal, etc. The display rooms are kept dark so that the light on the pieces really shows you how complex our arterial and vein structures are. It was amazing how much craftsmanship went into these works since everything is real human bodies. They discuss how the project was made in the last room if the exhibit. If you do any show or exhibit in vegas do this one. We went at 7pm and it was plenty of time to walk leisurely through without the loudness of children. Also bought our tickets through the booths along the strip. It was 22 instead of 32 at Luxor. Those tickets did not come with the audio but if you can read the signs that part of the tour is unnecessary.
5	This exhibition was beyond amazing. I would recommend this to anyone. It was amazing to see the ins and outs of the body. Not for the faint of heart. I can't wait to come back with my daughter when she's older.
5	All i can say is its  an AAAmazing exhibition! It made me appreciate the human body even more, made me feel  grateful for being healthy. The human body is so complex... our Creator did a marvelous job, 2 thumbs up!!! To all the people who donated their bodies to create this... thank you so much.
2	It's cool to see, got a $5 off coupon so $30 per ticket. This is a rip off. Max value is $20 a ticket. Audio tour is worthless, you can get it for free checking in on yelp we put it away after the 2nd exhibit. Not worth coming here from another hotel. We stayed at Aria and walking into Luxor is horrific. Place is a dump. Stop staring at the dudes dinguses on the tour too, you Mississippi freak shows!
5	Bodies exhibit was fantastic. I love educational things and with the half price ticket booths prices at 22/ person and yelp check in free tour.recording, it was also a great deal. I would have liked to stay longer but I had whining, bored spoiled brat next to me. The dissections were incredible and the whole exhibit, even without the.recorded tour was definitely very complete.going over digestive, circulatory, nervous, skeletal etc systems and showing all the various organ and body parts. was definitely worth seeing!
3	This was one of my picks while my husband was none too thrilled about the idea.  I must say my stomach got a little queasy but maybe it was because I gorged myself at happy hour right before or it was the rumble of the escalator that is above it?  I also feel that these bodies are not grotesque in anyway, it is just a frame of mind.  If no one told you they were actual humans, most would not think twice about it.  Anyway, i got discount tickets from my hotel concierge and it was $21 per person which is more than enough.  Anymore would not be worth it because it is somewhat small.  It is fascinating to see the nervous system and muscles that are in your body and no wonder why we have so many aches and pains.  I was particularly fascinated with the fetus room because you always see pics in books but never like that. The size scale is incredible.  There is a warning sign before you enter the room if you want to avoid it but not sure where it spits you out as this was about 3/4 way in. Oh and they show you a healthy lung vs a smokers lung.  There is a big plexi glass box asking people to make the decision to quit smoking and dump your smokes here.  There was actually quite few unsmoked cigs in there.  Wonder if that was for real or did they place them there for effect? The gift shop had some cool novelty items as well. Now the parts they would have made it better.  It is very dimly lit so don't go in a sleepy state.  There is also no where to sit if you had a disinterested partner going because there is a lot of reading. Not good for really young folks obviously.  Most of the bodies do look asian and all of same stature so variety would have been better.  My biggest complaint is that there was only ONE female cadaver in the whole place!  and one display of the female reproductive system. You'd think you would devote a little more space to that since they cross section everything else.Overall I say see it at least once but go to a bigger one or come to this one at a very cheap rate.
4	The human body is so fascinating!!! This exhibition is definitely worth checking out. You get to see the human body in a way you've never seen before. And yes it is all real body parts. They use a special preserving technique to keep everything in tact. Each room is dedicated to a certain part of the body. There's the skeletal room, circulatory, digestive, respiratory and there's even a room for fetal development. Each display has a description so you know what you are looking at and what the function is. The circulatory room was the most interesting because you don't realize how many veins and arteries you have in your body until you see it right in front of you. The room that made me sad was the fetal development room because you realize that those were once living fetuses and never had a chance in life. Anyway, if you're a local or a tourist, this is worth the eye opening experience. P.S. No more student or Clark county library card discount.
5	Really amazing exhibition takes about an hour if you look at everything but you can spend longer reading all the details.  I love science and majored in biology in college.  I studied lots of text books and 3D models of physiology and anatomy, but that can't compare with this amazing perspective.  Besides being entertaining and unique, this gave me an increased respect and gratitude for my body, made we want to take care of it even more, just to see all the wonderful little details.  If you can do this, I recommend it.  We got the discounted tix at Tix4Tonight which are good for 7 days.  Checked in on yelp for the the free audio tour as we walked up.  (yes it is fine to share one for two people, just hold it aware from you ear.  Not everything has an audio component, and objects are pretty well labeled with interesting little facts so it isn't necessary- You will just have to do a lot more reading if you don't get the audio tour.  So if you are tired after a day of hiking like we were, get the audio tour.   Titanic is steps away so maybe combine them.  We parked in the back, covered, free, self-parking and it was a pretty close walk right up to this show! Nice.
4	Bodies is an amazing exhibit. Some of the things made me a bit squeamish to view them , but I was still totally engrossed in the displays. It was very educational, but not at all boring. I would definitely advise checking this out if you get the chance.
5	I loved it. The bodies look so realistic and they definitely have a lot of interesting fact everyone should know. It took us about an hour to go through the exposition
5	I bought a package deal to see The Bodies. I had read about it, and know that it's being exhibited in Buena Park. But darn it, I'm in Vegas and decided to see it. The human body is such a fascinating wonder of life. I learned so much going through this exhibit. Smallest bones are in your ears, women's brains weigh more then men's..I knew that! Explained the difference between good cells and cancerous one.I highly recommend this exhibit, and might go see it again in the Buena Park area.I
4	Did the 3 for $57 MGM attraction pass and picked this as one of them. Have been wanting to see the traveling exhibit when it came to my area for awhile, however never was able to get anyone to go with me. While this definitely ranks high in the creep factor, I found it very interesting and educational. Definitely worth checking out.
1	EXTREMELY BORING!  I was expecting a little more details or information. If you are already educated on the human body and anatomy then you may like it but for someone such as my self I didn't learn anything and didn't know half the stuff I was looking at. For the amount of one ticket I would think there would be there to make the exibit worth it. There are no videos explaining no further pictures no one really there to answer questions. Waste of time! Nothing entertaining or educational about it. I couldn't wait to get out of there! It SUCKED.   I didnt know if I was looking at something real or fake. Waste of time and money!
5	Wow... Take the time to see this.   To actually see and comprehend the workings of our bodies.    Recommend for any mature person.
4	I went to this exhibit the other day. It was very cool to look at the different exhibits, and to look at the different body parts. I do get grossed out easily, so it was kind of not pretty to look at. It was cool to look at the different body parts. This exhibit is actually really nice because you it's set up into different rooms. Each room has a different theme, and you are able to read each item. It's a very educational exhibit, but still cool to look at. They didn't have very many bodies of women. I didn't spend my time reading everything because I wasn't that interested in it. I was fairly interested in looking around. Some of the items did creep me out.
4	Very cool to know that everything here it's real. Very interesting. For the love of god, don't bring your kids to this one. I saw some guy bringing his little girl in. What's really cool about this is that they're isn't even glass between you and the bodies. You can get eye to eye with them. Make sure to check out the brain after a stroke. Amazing stuff. Learned a ton
1	with all the hype and reviews about this exhibit I was really excited to come see it but I was really disappointed to be honest.I felt like I was reading a textbook.I love history, I love museums, I love medical shows and oddities so I thought this would be exciting to see...its not. Paid $28 with military discount but it was boring and not worth it.
2	Small exhibit not worth money. Don't go if weak stomach. Had to wait in long line to get tickets and long line to get in.
5	An incredibly beautiful place inside and out. Excellent view of NV- don't miss it! If you can afford it, have lunch at the beautiful restaurant.
