4	We stopped in after a visit to the Pittsburgh Zoo; our GPS listed it as an ice cream shop, but pizza is good too!  And the pizza was indeed good; we shared a pie and a bottle of Coke.  The pizza was hot out of the oven with nice fresh toppings.  The staff were friendly and the store was cozy (obviously take-out is a bigger business for them than eat-in, but they had a couple of tables), and the building really is right up against a cliff on the mountain, though you could really say the same about pretty much everything in the Pittsburgh-Johnstown area.
5	Most definitely, Cliffside has the best Antipasto salad in Etna...if not all of Pittsburgh! If you go there for anything, you must give this salad a try. It's loaded with meats and cheeses and has an amazing homemade dressing that just ties it all so wonderfully together. Seriously, the dressing is so good I'd take a shot of it! Also, if you're into the hot stuff, give the Hot Ranch or Hot Garlic wings a try. Da bomb, just saying. I've had both their white and red sauce pizza. The red pepperoni knocked my socks off. It's a cool little place, jutted up right against a cliff, and there's a wonderful yard for eatin' and chillin'. Try this great place out!
3	We had the square cut pizza. It was good but nothing spectacular. I would try something else next time.
5	Delicious!! We have tried pizza everywhere... and LOVED Cliffside!! I would highly recommend it to anyone:)
5	Best Pizza EVER! Fresh Ingredients bursting with flavor. My son brought two of their Pizzas home and they were delicious. From the crust (thin , and hand tossed.), to the sauces ( amazing flavor and no too heavy.), to the toppings ( fresh ingredients and it shows.) All cooked to perfection. Do NOT miss out on this slice of heaven. You will not be disappointed.
2	Pizza was just bad plus the dough was not cooked all the way and it took along time for delivery and I only live a few mins away. I want to give this place a second chance since it's so close and I see other positive reviews. But my first time eating there was just awful
