5	I highly recommend this school to all parents who need daycare. I researched A LOT and this is the place for us. Our son has been going here since he was 8 weeks old and just celebrated his first birthday. Ms. Richa was his infant I teacher (8wks-9mo) and he adores her. Ms. D'Ambra is his Infant II teacher (9mo-18mo) and we couldnt be happier with her as well. All the staff there is amazing. We pay a pretty penny but if you refer people you get some tuition knocked off. They are open 6am-6:30pm so it works with everyone's schedule. They have fun family events, date night for parents (so you can still go out and they watch the baby) and have dress up days and carnivals for the kids. We are super happy and recommend every child to attend this location.
2	Before you settle on this place, go look at other daycare centers. When we decided to find a new place for our daughter, I spent 2 weeks touring and researching various centers. What I found was that La Petite is seriously lacking, at least when it comes to toddlers.My daughter's class had no structure (they had a "schedule", but it was meaningless), they napped at different times (which means bad, if any, naps. What toddler wants to sleep when everyone else is playing?). They have the room filled with toys, which may seem great, but it's not. That just means less attention for the kids from the staff. It's pretty much just expensive babysitting. Some of the staff love their job and actually pay attention to the kids, but some of them make it quite obvious that they hate it. Not exactly comforting when your kid spends entire days with them. One particular staff member had nothing good to say about anything, ever. She forgot to feed my daughter, she failed to notice my daughter getting bit by another kid, she failed to inform us of an accident--the list goes on.The most disturbing part of my daughter's time there was during the last three months she attended. All those toys they have need to be disinfected daily, especially when all the kids are mouthing everything. They aren't. There is no way that two staff members can disinfect all the toys every single night. My daughter ended up getting sick every other week with a terrible stomach bug, and between those episodes she got ear infections. You could argue that I have no proof it was due to their shoddy sterilization practices, and you're right--I don't. But I think it's more than a coincidence that she stopped getting sick as soon as I took her out of there. The only reason I am giving this place two stars is because of Ms. Richa, Ms. Liz, and Ms. Aimee. They are the people who kept us there for so long. They deserve 5 stars each, and much better jobs. Thanks, ladies, for loving my kid. She loved you back. She still gets sad when I take her to her new daycare, and I'm pretty sure it's because you three aren't there.Anyway, I would skip this particular La Petite if you can help it.
5	I enrolled my daughter in Kindergarten Prep when she started attending PK at Louis Wiener. Love that they provide transportation, a hot lunch, snacks, daily report cards & you can pick how many days/hours each week (great for my work schedule that changes every week). Mrs. Stephanie is amazing, she's very thorough, knowledgeable & kind. Free enrollment + 10% discount for casino employees!
