4	I think I've officially had my first taste of real southern BBQ.  This stuff was slow cooked and flavored just right.  I really liked how the brisket was nice and tender.  And the sauce a very nice addition to the flavors of the meat.  The people were fast and friendly and it was a really fun time.
2	I didn't care too much for this place. I was a bit disappointed because I thought they were going to be delicious but their meat is not tender at all. Their baked beans were good, and the staff was super sweet! Its a nice family restaurant though, but I've had better BBQ!
4	Pretty darn good. Family business which is nice to support. Great neighborhood restaurant vibe. The bbq is above average for Charlotte. They recently moved to a new location but it's very very very close to their old one . . . pretty  much the same shopping center.
2	Elliot's recently moved to the old Meadowview steakhouse location (much, much larger than the end of the strip mall where they used to be found, but still very close).I'm a fan of local, family-run business, especially ones that seem to be doing well.  If the business is doing well enough to move from the strip mall to the Meadowview, I'd say they are doing pretty well, so I'm excited.  Even though I ate their barbecue a few years ago and wasn't impressed, I figure it's time to try it again.We went in on a Saturday afternoon, and the cavernous room was just about empty.  Seriously.  This huge room - outfitted to be reminiscent of the old building - had one other table with customers.  We spent probably ten minutes talking to the cashier and were not interrupted.  After we sat down, another couple came in.  That may not be a good sign.  But it's for another discussion.I decided that I would order a combo plate so that I could taste the barbecue and the brisket.  I've actually had brisket (in Texas, to be fair) that I loved, and I really would like to find someone in Charlotte who can do it justice, so I keep trying.The brisket?  Nah.  It just isn't worth it, so don't bother.  The pulled pork is okay, but it doesn't have much flavor.  They do have some sauces that you can add, and they are okay, but nothing special.  The thing that really gets me is that their mac and cheese really has potential, it has consistency just like my grandmother used to make.  But again, it has no flavor.  It seems they used a bunch of actual cheese, rather than just using velveeta or something, but no mustard or anything else to give it flavor.  Shame, really.Maybe I'll check back again in another couple of years.
4	Good stuff. We had our Pop Warner banquet here in one of the private back dining rooms. This is a great casual dining atmosphere and if you need a casual meeting space for your business or organization on the East Independence area, this would be a great choice.
2	I was a bit skeptical going into Elliot's after reading reviews on here but Half Off Depot had $10 of food for $5 so why not take a chance? This is located right off of Independence near Sam's Club and the location is funky, it looks like it used to be a bank. When I stepped out of my car, the aroma of smoked meat hit me and I was stoked to try it out! Nothing says love like smoked meat. Now for the food---I like how they offer cole slaw with either mayo or vinegar instead of the standard cole slow. I got the vinegar and it was fantastic--I could have had a bowl of this alone and be happy! I got the mac n cheese as well and it was meh. I will eat anything with cheese however I couldn't even finish the tiny container they gave me since it was so bland. I think that was a first ever in my life I haven't finished something cheesy. The brisket didn't taste that fresh and seeing it took about 15 minutes to get my food out, that was a let down. The hush puppies were just fried nothingness, again, a let down.They have three sauces--mild, sweet & tangy and vinegar. I got the sweet and tangy and it was neither-it really didn't have a taste and was really syrupy. They are closed on Mondays and offer lunch specials Tues-Fri. Staff was friendly and very helpful but I won't be going back to Elliot's again, I can get better quality food elsewhere.
1	I gave this place another try at the end of 2010. I laughed at myself. I couldn't believe I gave them a second chance. I literally try to grasp and understand why people go here. If anyone else find a really good dish let me know. The BBQ I've tried has no flavor. Like how does mac n cheese and green beans taste nasty? LOL
