5	I will second Ellen's review under mine... and I am not biased!  Brian and Kara (the owners) are great - they have both done a ton of events and have great experience with triathlons.  They have limited selection but all high end triathlon products and really cute apparel too!Triple Sports offers clinics for beginners and wetsuit rentals for those of you not ready to take the plunge and buy your own.  I always buy my running shoes at Triple Sports and I have not been let down yet.  Great goggles, swim caps, sports nutrition products, and even yoga products to complement your tri training!Check out their website and sign up for their newsletter - it will keep you up to date on events coming soon at the store and in our tri friendly city!
5	Just did my first triathlon thanks to them.  They were fabulous with setting me up with equipment and their Tri 101 seminar helped me get ready for that first event.
4	This is one of my favorites stores to head to when I need the motivation that comes from new triathlon clothing and accessories. The staff is knowledgeable and helpful, without being intimidating.  They have a decent selection of women's items that are high quality and come with a high price - so I normally head there when I'm looking for race wear/accessories and go elsewhere for regular workout clothes.   They do have some sale items, and recently I found some great Pearl Izumi tri shorts for half off - woo hoo!It's great to have stores like this geared towards triathlons!
5	Triple Sports is a great place for first time triathletes and for the pros. Eventhough the selection might be a bit smaller than the other major Tri Store here in Scottsdale I prefer Kara's and Brian's store. They give great personalized service and really are there to help you and are not trying to sell you the most expensive stuff or stuff you don't need ... Brian did a bike fitting for me the other day and did not smirk at all at my not so professional / no so multi thousand dollar bike... There was absolutely no attitude or "intimidation" like I have seen it in other stores before. Besides doing a great job with the bike fitting Brian also gave me a much needed pep talk!  Check out their web page. It's very informative and helpful and shows their passion and humor for Triathlon!
5	Love this little store! I just finished my very first tri, they were immensely helpful. I was able to rent a wetsuit with no problems at all. The staff coached me a bit on what to expect, and were so helpful. Way far out of my way to get here (I live in El Mirage), but worth the trek. Wish there was one in my neck of the woods!
5	I love Triple Sports.  Everyone is always extremely helpful - going the extra mile to help me find what I need.  They are also incredibly supportive and encouraging, helping to push me to the next level of competition in the wonderful sport of triathlons.  I love the fact that Brian and Kara, the owners, have completed numerous triathlons including the Ironman.  And, the best part is that you don't have to be famous to be appreciated by these guys.  They treat all athletes equally whether you are a beginner or Pro!
5	This is a small tri shop that has everything you need. The selection is small but the staff will most likely be able to get you anything you need or tell you where to go so you don't get ripped off. The staff are so incredibly helpful and friendly. I liked this place so much that I joined the team!
5	Everyone that works here is friendly and very knowledgable. They are so encouraging, as well! They can order you pretty much anything you need and I love that they are so active in the Arizona tri community. As a still fairly new triathlete, they have been a great resource for me and have offered me advice and tips. I love this place.
5	Triple Sports is the real-deal 'mom & pop' small business. Brian and Kara are always so helpful and they do a great job of remembering their customers, and have a genuine interest in all things triathlon. I love going in and just looking around. Its also next to The Coffee Bean, so make an afternoon of it!
5	I'm new to triathlons and had a lot of first-timer questions. Triple Sports went out of their way to answer all them. The salespeople were friendly, knowledgeable and genuinely excited for my first TRI experience. I was outfitted with quality equipment that fit within my budget and it was great to know that my dollars were going to supporting a local business. I have since recommended Triple Sports to friends and they loved it too.
5	What?!?! Only ten reviews?  That's not cool but this place is. When I did my first triathlon I reluctantly went here to get what I needed and I expected some kind of elitist attitude. You know like, we have done ultramans and your but a lowly Olympic middle age nothing. Not even a little bit. They didn't care if I was doing my first sprint or my one hundredth ironman. What they DID care about was consistent good customer service. They also listened to all my silly little first time concerns and addressed them. I love this place and now that I no longer live in Arizona. Miss them horribly!
