3	3 1/2 STARSThis is Marriott's TIME-SHARE complex across from their luxury hotel. We traded a time-share for a week here in May. I must say, the place was packed - it appeared to be fully occupied.Our room was small but just fine for us. The employees were all friendly and the grounds were kept in good shape.We found this to be a good place to use as a base for a week's holiday while taking day-trips to the Grand Canyon, Sedona, Prescott, Scottsdale, the Phoenix Botanical Garden, and so on...
4	My friend got the time-share suite (2 bedrooms, living room, kitchen, and 2 balaconys).  SWEET!  We had a wonderful time enoying complex.  The grounds were well kept.  The pool area was walking distance.  2 large pools (1 pool had a waterfall, volleyball, and basketball), 2 hot tub areas, 1 kiddie pool.  Stayaction for the weekend!
5	I traded my lockout unit (Extra bedroom) from Desert Springs Marriott Villas in Palm Desert for a one bedroom, living room and dinning area and kitchen. The unit was on the third floor end unit which had a terrific view of the Wildfire Faldo golf course. Marriott Vacation Club is awesome. I've owned the two bedroom unit in Palm Desert location for 16 years and also a two bedroom week in Newport Beach Coast for eleven years. The program is nice BC it allows me to occupy, trade, rent, deposit outside of Marriott or trade my weeks for reward points or vacation points. Canyon Villas is located at the JW Marriott which is great due to you'll have all the amenities of the hotel pool, spa, hotel restaurants, and two 18 hole golf courses within minutes of your villa. If you choose to use the villa amenities  there are several pools, a fitness center, beach volleyball, and daily activities. I highly recommend ownership in Marriott vacation club, the program has enabled me to travel to Phuket & Bangkok Thailand, Hong Kong, Macau, Shanghai, Xian, & Beijing China, Bali & Singapore Indonesia, Ho Chi Men Vietnam, several islands in Hawaii, Paris France, Cancun, Puerta Vallarta Mexico, Boston, several cities in Florida, West Virgina, Manhattan, New Orleans, Hilton Head and Savannah. I know i'm missing some places but you get the drift. I've never been let down with Marriott Vacation Club locations that's why I try to stay within the Marriott family - with other timeshares you don't know what your getting. Another pointer is never buy outside the U.S. International Timeshares go under and your screwed. I had a co worker that had that happen in a resort in Mexico.
4	My roomie's father has this timeshare thingy and selected this place and invited us to fly out here.Wow!  The Marriott Canyon Villas is one of the nicest places that I've stayed at.  We basically stayed at a huge suite with an adjoining room.  Big kitchen.  Large living room.  Furnished balconies.  Big bathroom.  Washer and dryer included.  You're bound to have a grand time here.Except...the beds.  I found the bed to be a little too soft for my comfort.  After my second night there, I spent the rest of the week tossing and turning.  My roomie found better comfort on the couch.  I should have just slept on the floor.Everything else was great!  The hot spa was heavenly.  The sauna was relaxing.  The gym is open 24 hours.  There were adequate games available to keep people, especially kids, busy.  There is a mini-convenience store where you can also rent DVDs.  Canyon Villas couldn't have picked a better location than at Desert Ridge.  If you go out for a walk or a run, you can't miss this huge beautiful golf course.  In addition, you're bound to see wild quails running around.  Don't be surprised if you spot a jackrabbit here and there.  Plenty of nature sceneries here.Friendly staff here.  Awesome place that just need to improve their beds.
2	Looking at the schedule of the resort activities upon arrival, we learned that Wednesday was a cowboy sing-along. No, I'm not shitting you. I love my family and we had a great time being with each other, but that really epitomized our opinion of this hokey old-person resort. If you have a timeshare somewhere like Vegas or the Poconos, this place might be worth your while to swap. For us (a family that owns our timeshare in Maui), it was quite a downward step. The room was smaller than our unit in Hawaii, which made little sense; it wasn't dirty, but also didn't feel as clean as other properties we've been to; a light was burned out in our room and the maintenance people neglected to fix it; and the workout room smelled like formaldehyde. The Marriott hotel across the way, however, is ridiculously luxurious. So if you're not bound to renting through the timeshare, you should stay over there instead. If you are bound to the timeshare, you can still use their pools, which is well worth it.
4	friendly staff, looks clean, great room amenities. their gym is right in front of the lobby with windows for all to see you sweat. no cardio machines. small snack shop w/ decent prices. bring your own spices for their kitchen.  look for luggage cart to move your things to and from car. free parking and wifi is a plus!
4	everything your family needs is on this property. space, cleanliness, modern kitchen, 2 pools, 1 kiddie pool, golf, fitness room, satellite TV, free parking, free wifi, grills on property to BBQ and rabbits for your kids to chase. there is a strip mall not too far from property which will cater to all you needs. its about 35min drive from phoenix airport.  nothing real scenic to go to in scottsdale so enjoy the property as much as you can.prices are up there for rental and if you purchase things at their thrift store, expect it to be pricey too. employees and customer service was good!we had a great time and cant wait to go back next year!
5	You will love Canyon Villas.  Address on Yelp is wrong, & I submitted a correction today.  7/9/2011.  We just returned from our 3rd stay at Canyon Villas, which are located at 5220 Marriott Drive, Phoenix,AZ. There are several buildings with studios, 1, & 2 bedroom/2 bath Villas (like condos).  They are sold as timeshare but can also be rented by anyone & traded into by other owners.  Numerous pools, spas, recreation & the nearby Desert Ridge Shopping Center offer much to do.  The villas & resort landscaping are really beautiful.  2 bedrooms sleep up to 8 people.  1 bedroom 4, & studio 4, but studios are better for 2 people max.  Villas have a full kitchen/dining room with dishwasher, washer/dryer, & all have patio or balcony with tables/chairs.  Resort has gas BBQ's scattered around that you can use.  Most of the time you can use pools at JW also, & Marriott has a free shuttle bus that takes you over there & back & also goes to Desert Ridge shopping center which has an Albertson's Market for your food supplies.  IF YOU PLAY GOLF, THERE ARE 2 SEPARATE COURSES NEXT TO THE RESORT, WILDFIRE IS ONE & I FORGOT THE NAME OF THE OTHER.  Take the Marriott timeshare tour, they are not high pressure & you can get $100.00 in Marriott dining dollars, or Marriott Rewards points.  Most people buy with Marriott as they are the premier timeshare company & owners love the resorts.  They now sell MVC points & you have no home resort, instead of timeshare weeks. It gives you freedom of reserving your time at any of the resorts.   Lots of wildlife live in the resort, owls, quail, rabbits and more.  You will love it!   Go to www.Marriott.com for more information.  No, I don't work for Marriott, but we are loyal and love the Marriott level of service and quality.
5	First off, ignore the review from Jen S. 1/19/2011, as it doesn't fall in with other reviewers & we have stayed here 3 summers for the week each time. Canyon Villas is beautiful inside & out & very clean.  If you ever have a problem call to report it & they will fix it quickly.  Hispanic maids at hotels never seem to report stuff like clogged drains or leaky faucets, etc.(in my experience).  Marriott service is amazing. Yes, they do have a cowboy singer who is at the firepit for about an hour so, who plays a guitar, but you don't have to sign along, & it is not a detriment.  This resort is not for old people, or hokey in the least.  It is beautiful with multiple pools on site (as well as those you can use at the adjacent Marriott JW Hotel).  The rooms at the hotel are smaller & no kitchen/washer dryer, etc.  If you like to cook your own meals, like having a balcony with table/chairs, dishwasher, & all amenities, incl. granite counters throughout, then the Villas are for you.  They can be rented by the night using Marriott reservations number or www.marriott.com.  Select Marriott Vacation Club for the search by hotel type & enter Phoenix.  There are now DVD players in every room, the "studio" (lockoff unit), the 1 bedroom master & the living room.  These 3 components equal a 2 bedroom, 2 bath unit.  You can rent 2 bedroom as stated, or just the studio with mini kitchen (small fridge, microwave), living room, sleeper sofa & king bed, full bathroom.  The 1 bedroom is the master unit with separate bedroom, bathroom with large shower, sink & toilet, plus a large soaking tub & 2nd sink.  Living room also has a dining table that sits 6 people with included chairs.  Marriott is upgrading sleeper sofas in all units when they come up for renovations to a new type that was tested at Marriott Villas Mountainside Park City Utah.  They are made by American Leather & are memory foam mattresses that fold out & are much, much better than the existing standard metal frame & lumpy old mattresses.   No telling when all locations will have them.   There is a special kids pool area at the north end of the Villas resort.  It has sprayers in the concrete, etc.  There is also a separate playground area between some of the buildings at the north end.  Each building is 3 stories high & each building has an elevator.  Generally these units are pretty quiet in my experience.  I have found the Canyon Villas to have a very good maid staff & they are very clean.  We usually trade our week for a week each year at Canyon Villas because we love it.  I love the desert & the landscaping & wildlife at Canyon Villas is just beautiful.  There is a free shuttle to the JW each hour & they go to Desert Ridge Shopping Center every 2 hours on the even hour.  Desert Ridge has BJ's Brewpub, Barnes & Noble, Dave & Busters entertainment,a large movie theatre, Kohls, & numerous other large restaurants & shopping.  You also get your groceries to stock the villa there at Albertsons (a great market).    We always can't wait to go back every year.   There is lots to do if you want to venture out, like the Phoenix Art Museum, Bot. Gardens, Zoo, Arizona Rock & Mineral Museum, visit the State Capital building, etc.  There is Wildfire Golf Course on one side of the property & another amazing Golf course on the other side.   Oh, the beds are the same as in the JW, firm, but have a pillow topper on them.  Super comfortable always!  Also, as the units are updated, they are going to have all stainless steel appliances.   If you do the highly recommended Marriott tour, you will see the updated unit they use for showing.  Marriott is a great company & timeshare tours are not high pressure.  It is a great product & well worth buying into.  They no longer sell weeks, just points & you no longer are tied to a home resort.  You can use your points annually for where ever you want to stay.  You buy a point value & still pay maint. fees based on the point value you buy.
5	We just got back from a weekend at the Villas and everything was fantastic. Great service, beautiful rooms (we had two two-bedroom condos), beautiful grounds. The beds were extremely comfortable and the kitchen was well-stocked for cooking.  We also used the gas grills to BBQ.  We were really impressed with the staff both at the Villas and at the main resort (Marriott Desert Ridge) across the street. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful, even in the 105 summer temperatures. For pool time we preferred the Marriott/hotel side of the resort (the Villas office will provide you with a wristband to get pool access there).   The main hotel has two pools and a lazy river.   There are two pools at the Villas but the area is smaller and it feels more crowded.  The hotel also has a few restaurants, including a Roy's with patio seating and happy hour from 4 to 6pm.  Although we spent a lot of time on the hotel side of this resort, I always prefer the condos for kicking back, relaxing and for eating in when we want to. We'll definitely go back.
5	Back after one year but instead I traded my efficiency unit for a two bedroom - scored!The staff filled my request and gave me a high floor and golf course view.The two bedroom was spacious and I really enjoyed the extra bedroom and bathroom. HD Direct TV was included and wireless internet is also complimentary. Staying here also gave access to the JW Marriott fitness center and pool and I utilized the Revive Spa with a Swedish massage. The Canyon villas offers shuttle service to the JW Marriott every half hour or you can take a 10 minute walk over which you can dine at 4 different restaurants and a Starbucks for your caffeine fix.For those of you who don't know me I enjoy golfing and the Phoenix area has 119 public golf courses. I can visit the area and play different courses at various price ranges. The Marriott resort has two 18 hole golf courses one designed by Arnold Palmer and the other by Nick Faldo and both are upscale and in great condition.So if your into spa, golf, dinning or all of the above check out Marriott Canyon Villas.
5	This place is awesome.  The place is beautiful and immaculate.  The golf course in front is stunning and I hope to play here in April.  There is a huge shopping mall with a supermarket, movie place and shopping so we made dinner in our condo tonight.  There is a lighted lounge area outside my room with BBQ grilles and shuffleboard courts.  The bathtub is huge and my wife loved taking a long bubble bath.
5	Great views, great customer service.
3	The rooms are absolutely first class, but I would not consider staying here again.  A few hours across the street at the JW Marriott proved most relaxing.  Unfortunately, it is a bit of a hassle to get over there.  There is nothing really in walking distance, and you need to drive a good distance to find a decent place to eat.
4	You can bet it will be a nice resort if it carries the Marriott name. They are consistent, even though some are still nicer than others.  Canyon Villas is located in upper Phoenix where the air is a bit cleaner, the view a bit nicer, open spaces and grand desert views, but still conveniently close to amenities. Accessible to the freeway and lots of shopping, it is living the good life. Well.....maybe not when it is 122 degrees outside, or a torrential monsoonal rain that can float your car away, or even a nasty dust storm.  Yes, it can have it's occasional down sides.There are plenty of directions to go to find good food, entertainment, educational attractions, culture. I do lots of Yelp research and Grouponing for about a week or two before I come here, just to catch up on what's to do and see around here.  The villas are beautiful and comfortable, good beds too. And then you have gorgeous desert landscaping, beautiful pools, patios, golf courses, a spa, kids' play areas, and fun scheduled activities (how about duct tape wallet making for one) if you would rather not go out in your car. Add to that the neighboring JW Marriott, with all its finery, with shuttle service every half hour to and from the resort. If you stay at this resort, all those things are part of the package.And it is a convenient ~5 1/2 hour trip from Los Angeles area.Mr. B and I like it here.
5	Bought here 8 years ago with absolutely no regrets.  The villas are wonderfully appointed and the atmosphere is great.  The staff goes above and beyond to come up with activities at the Villas.  Access to the main resort makes it equally appealing.  Also a short distance from lots of great dining and shopping.
5	I'm an owner and I am critical, but I couldn't be more impressed with the Canyon Villas.  The Staff - remembered my name and building.  The shuttle driver - remember my building and informationThe JW Marriott - was available ever 30 minutes via shuttleThe Pool staff at JW Marriott - was friendly and explained what/how to enjoy the facilitiesThe Marketing Staff - was not pushy and made me want to come back. The tour guides - informative and funThe Cowboy Singer - had a great voice and did a wonderful Rawhide setThe only thing I would suggest is that on Monday morning, get mics for the presenters or tell the grounds keepers to lay off the blowers and keep quiet for the one hour so we can hear what is available during the week.  I can't wait to come back.  I stayed in a lock off (no kitchen) but bbq'd every night.  Staff brought me a blender (not normally in the lock off) and made my stay wonderful.
5	Omg Tyson was the most helpful person I've ever met in the whole world. He made my whole expirence amazing! His awesome attitude was just a step above and beyond the call of duty. He should be the CEO of this place. Or at least a $2.83 raise!!!! Worth every penny of my time and money!!!!!!!!!Heart ya Ty!!!!!
3	Meh.These are nice but not spectacular, however they are reasoning and I stayed in an older room.The staff here is not that friendly. when I checked in the girl said as little as possible to me and also told me the wrong floor. I was staying for a while so I was lugging luggage (lol) all around the building but couldn't find my room. I finally called the front and my room was on a completely different floor.As mentioned, there is construction going on so there were a lot of workers and work trucks. I sat in my car for 12 minutes as one of the contractors was trying to back a trailer in. Um no, I'm a paying guest. You work around me.Honestly, I wouldn't stay here again. However, the actual hotel of this property is super nice and the staff is FANTASTIC.
