1	Horrible experience. Slowest service I've seen in a long time. Also some of the rudest employees. While eating lunch, they came by to put two tables together (one of which was the table we were eating at) tried to clean them, and then left dirty rags on our table and walked away. Food was mediocre at best. Try one of the other restaurants nearby.
4	It's a pity this brew pub has a location only at the Montreal airport, but now I'm looking forward to get a pint in it when sending back visitors. Nice and refreshing beers, they also have a six glasses tasting option that can make you miss your flight. The beers are reasonably priced for an airport where drinks are known to be ridiculously expensive. Haven't tried the food yet, next time may be. Service is sweet and quick, fun ambience, perfect way to say bye to loved ones or gear up for you next travel adventure.
4	The Archibald Brasserie was a pretty nice place to kill 3 hours between planes. Can't comment on the food, but the atmosphere was pleasant for an airport bar, the beer was pretty good, though a bit pricy, and the service was friendly. I enjoyed the IPA and my wife liked the whitbier. Was looking forward to their beer again on the return trip, but alas, they are in the Canadian zone of YUL and customs is a pain. The US zone could seriously use a place like this, you hear me?
4	Four stars under the category of "I realize this is the airport and do not have ridiculous expectations."That being said, I managed to get in here, receive surprisingly decent service, and order a burger without worrying if I would miss my flight. The food came out within 10 minutes after I ordered it.Was it the best burger ever? No, but it was moist, fairly tasty, and served with fries that were actually hot.Prices fall in the 20$ out the door for main plates without drinks. They have a variety of options (including salads) for food, as well as a comprehensive alcohol menu.Again, service and food are good considering that this is the airport. (You probably didn't clear security just to have a night out at the airport!!!)
