3	Sunny's has a wide array of hair extension products and the girls are always super nice here but based solely on price they get two stars. They sell extensions with the clips already sewed on the tracks which is super convenient yet INSANELY expensive. ($150+) Hair by itself (that you have to sew yourself) is also super overpriced. ($100+) They were out of my color entirely in the pre clipped hair last time I was in, as well as my color and length in the plain hair. My recommendation is to go to sally's and literally pay $50-$60 for the same real human hair, something I wasn't aware of until after I had already made my purchase. They also do not offer cash refunds.
4	The customer service here is top notch! Everyone that we've ever dealt with has been extremely helpful and friendly! My wife and I frequent Sunny's, stopping in every other month to pick up new extensions (for her of course). The prices are reasonable, and if you go on Monday you get a discount! Added bonus, show them your cosmetology license for an even bigger discount!Our only problem has been trying to prolong the life of my wife's extensions. And we only buy the high quality 100% human (remy) hair. Everyone at Sunny's has told us they should be lasting about 3-5 months, yet we find ourselves replacing them every 8 to 10 weeks. And not a single person has been able to provide care instructions to make them last longer...Other than that, great selection, excellent service, and fair prices!
4	I went and was helped right away. All of the employees were very nice and helpful. Able to finf reasonably priced human weave hair with the help of an associate. She was very friendly and professional. I used the hair the same day with my stylist and she flat ironed it to perfection. So far so good with the hair.
5	Stopped in to buy hair before going in to get extensions.  The staff was helpful and nice and answered questions.  I don't know if the prices are a good deal as I just went where my stylist told me to go.  But, it's holding up well so I will go back when I need more.
1	Worst hair I've ever boaght. Says 100% but its not, there are strands of synthetic everywhere. Its tangly, dry looks fake and knots. I spent $100!!!! Should have stuck to Salleys. Couldn't even wash it to make it look better, it looked worse than from when I boaght it. The sales lady who helped me was very nice and attentive but customer service doesn't wave the wasted money and bad quality hair.
1	Customer Service Non Existent! I walked into the shop and did not get a single greeting from the three associates. I looked around at the extensions and clip ins for 10 minutes and was not offered any help at all. Save your time and go to a different store for your extension need. Headed over to Mid-K.
4	Hands down, my favorite place for hair extensions. Always great service and a clean environment. The place is organized and wasy to find what you are looking dor. I give them 4 out of 5 because they don't carry Bohyme pro-tips. Other than that, this place is a go to for synthetic and real hair.
3	I already had wig store apprehension from a bad experience in 2008. So I looked at the local wig store reviews, and decided to try this place. Took the hour bus ride and got there. Place had the instant snooty vibe that makes me nervous. But I walked inside to look around. Some girl asked me if I needed help before I was fully inside. Told her not yet, I wanted to look around first. She kinda rolled her eyes and walked off (never returned). So shortly after, I had found some wigs I was interested in. Well, I was ignored for a LONG time. I stood there trying to make eye contact with the sales ladies. Tried to get their attention. Nothing. Was almost in tears at this point and ready to go home. I gave my last attempt to ask for help and finally it worked. I spit out my situation (losing my hair, have expensive wigs coming in the mail, want something synthetic for the time being). NOW I was treated politely. Selection of blond wigs wasn't great. I asked about fun colored wigs. She went to the back and brought out all that was left. Long enough story short, she sold me three fun colored (costume type) wigs and a wig cap for only $50! So definitely was worth the trip. I may go back for a human hair wig someday soon.-I wish the wig prices were displayed better. Asking about each wig gets embarrassing.-Wish I wasn't treated like a poor person based off of my appearance. -Wish they had more blond wig options.All in all, worth checking out if you're local.
1	If I could give it zero stars... I would. Since I moved to Tempe four years ago to go to ASU I have spent thousands  of dollars here from I tip Le Prive Hair couture extensions to lord and  cliff clip ins. I have NEVER had an issue with the employees until my visit yesterday. I went in looking to buy red and blonde hair extensions since that is my color. I know my color is unique and I most likely have to color them, but I wanted to get as close as possible. I was greeted by a nice woman who I think was new because she said she didn't know about the extensions and went to get someone else. The next lady treated me like I was wasting her time. She looked for a minute and told me they did not have any in my color and never have. I told her that I got extensions from Sunnys before and I have even had one person offer to order me some in my color. The woman who was helping me said they have every color their and NOTHING close to my color and told me " Well. we don't have anything maybe you should die your hair". I was appalled at how RUDE she was that I just turned around and walked to my car. I have never felt so disrespected at Sunnys before. That one employee made me NEVER want to step foot in their again,which is a shame because I have spent so much money there and planned on spending more on a new set. I used to recommend this place to all my girl friends, and after telling them about my experience they will not be returning either. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE tell your employees a thing or two about how to treat paying customers.
5	I usually buy extensions from Sally's but one of my friends told me to go here and I'm in love! You can't buy 20 in clip ins at Sally's like you can here, AND I found a pair that were a beautiful red violet color already so now I don't have to die them and they will last a lot longer. Great service too !
5	My stylist sent me here over Sally's for clip in extensions. Janae met me at the door with a smile and took her time finding just the right match. The place is very clean and has a lot of products. I would recommend this place!
4	Fried my wig accidentally and was in a pinch. Went here was greeted upon entering. Outstanding selection and products. They also have accessories and shampoo too. Clean and huge store. Close to home.
