1	"Easy Relax" is this a joke? This was the most painful and excruciating chair massage I have ever received. I sat down for a 15 minute massage and I immediately knew I was in trouble.The little dude smashed my face in between two paper towels on a chair with a head opening too small for a child. He then began the assault. He came in too hot - immediately fast, hard and deep.. No easing me in to it, no chair play and no warning. Apparently me screaming ouch was misinterpreted as "Please attack my back as if I'm a 600 pound sumo wrestler with SIPA disease".I tried to get up a few times to which he started beating harder on my back. So I sat there and tried to push through the pain. When he was finished I got up, wiped the black mascara tears from my face, and limped out like a beaten dog.
1	Had a short chair massage and then foot reflexology. This is what I had to point to on a price chart, as the massage "therapist" did not speak one word of English. The chair massage was very painful, and I started to wonder about this man's credentials and training. Then came the reflexology: He washed my feet in a bucket and proceeded with a foot massage you might receive during a pedicure procedure.I said to him, this is not a reflexology, but he did not understand. I asked his colleague who was working on somebody else, but just got a smirk back, like take it or leave it lady, this is what you get. I was just wishing that it will be over soon.....I paid the required amount for the services, and left a 13% tip, which was evidently not enough, as I got a dirty look from my "therapist", who did not performed what I paid for.I do not think he is licensed, or even trained in a basic massage,  he must be somebody who just fills in, when nobody else is available. My back was painful for the next 24 hours, as a result of his digging into my muscles. Very dangerous place to go, as the massage therapists have to be certified to practice.
5	These guys are great.  I go there all the time and feel very relaxed afterwards.  They get all the main pressure points and work the knots out well.  True, they don't speak much English but I am not paying for their speaking ability, just a good message.  And they deliver well on that front.
5	I have been going there for many years now and always get a great massage. Normally it don't have to wait or they will tell me when to come back so I don't waste time. They will tell me to come back in 10 or 15 minutes and then they will be ready for me.
