1	Worst privatize housing company for the military ever. Essentially an HOA that takes your money and doesn't follow through on their end. Use to have the sense of a community as a whole, now it's just another business trying to rape you out of everything. Neighborhood looks like a trailer park. Over grown yards, and cars piling up in the neighborhood. They do not enforce the rules unless they see it will benefit them. They don't follow through on all maintenance calls. Been waiting for over a month for them to take a family of pigeons out of my walls. Now have a dead baby pigeon in my flower pot. GROSS.
1	I don't even want to give this shit hole one star, because it doesn't deserve it. It's exactly as previously stated, a military trailer park with kids running around with no parental supervision. Maintenance who doesn't do their job, also a lack of community events for the housing residents. Our time in this place can't come to an end soon enough.
4	This is my first experience living in base. I have lived in a lot of apartments and one other house. This is defiantly one of the nicer homes I have had. When we moved in it had been well cleaned, and our walk through was very thorough. Having lived in many other rentals I was able to catch little things that needed to be on the pre-inspection sheet. There were a couple things I was told I would not be charged for, but i wrote them down anyway. We have had our house a year. In that time we have had a few maintenance issues that have been addressed right away. Everyone who has entered my home has ensured they had the correct permissions and been polite and respectful.  The exterminator, who sprays monthly at no charge, is particularly pleasant. I feel very blessed to have the ability to live in what feels like a safe small town neighborhood so close to the city.The pool is excellent and well kept, but I really wish it was open sooner in the spring and later in the fall. The hot tub is only open during the hottest months, so I don't really use it. The pool area also has a splash pad, which my 1 year old loves!One of my favorite things is food truck Friday, a monthly event at the community center. A few food trucks pull up, and a lot of community members come out. Last time they opened the community center after hours because it was so hot. This was awesome for the kids! I discovered Bulldogis Unleashed at this event... YUMMY!My only complaints:Minol is not a great company and I wish they would not do business with them. Their rates go way up in the summer, which is hard with the utility allotment decrease.Once when I rented the community center, (a $45 charge, I am told it used to be free) the door was not unlocked. I was lucky that a staff member was there and was able to let me in. When you rent the room the only way to keep the door open is to prop it open with a chair,  which makes entry and re-entry very awkward.
5	Got mugged.  Supper shitty! I had a house key, mail key, and pool entry fob in my purse... total replacement cost per my lease $100. Total they are charging me... ZERO DOLLARS!Stand up! Understanding!  Compassionate! Thank you Hunt housing,  4 stars just became 5!I have had similar situations with other landlords.  They charged me every penny,  which is technically their right. I expected to be charged for the keys and wasn't even mad about it. They saw the police report and immediately offered to replace the keys at no cost! I didn't even have to ask!I am very fortunate that they are not adding additional charges to my loss.I have a great house in a great neighborhood,  and I am so very happy with my leasing company!
