5	I started going to Dunn's Import in 1981 when I owned my first car, a Datsun 210. Almost 30 years later, Jeff Dunn is still taking care of my car, along with my 3 children's cars too! Every experience is a great one at Dunn's. The staff are friendly and professional, and know their stuff!!I would recommend Dunn's Import to anyone who has a foreign car. I trust him to service my own children's cars.I think that says it all!
5	I started bringing my Audi here about 3 years ago. The staff is friendly and forthcoming. Generally speaking, car repairs suck but the mechanics here make the process here easier. Most importantly, I feel like I can trust them. I never feel pressured to get more work done than I can afford and they take the time to explain the repairs to me and answer my questions clearly and respectably. They are just stand up guys.
5	This is where I take my 5-series BMW for service and I have been very pleased.  Friendly, honest, and they take pride in their work.  I have recommended them to friends and business associates that have foreign luxury autos as that is their specialty.  I also bought a set of Nokian All-Season hybrid (winter/summer combination) tires from them two or three years ago on their recommendation and they are the best tires I've ever owned.  Highly recommend Dunn's.
5	My 2001 Audi was having a lot of trouble (AC not working, wiper fluid by deploying, trunk hatch broken) and I went to Zimbrick to have it evaluated-- the bill was over $1000 to have everything replaced. I brought my car over to Dunn's and they quickly realized that a few things needed to be adjusted, and nothing needed to be replaced at all! Could have charged me just short of my previous estimate but the bill was tiny. Earned my trust. And they we're incredibly accommodating with my unaccompdaying schedule. Have been bringing my vehicles here, and recommending heavily, ever since.
5	I can't say enough great things about Dunn's.  I started going to them when I bought my Mini Cooper and they have lovingly cared for it for 2 years now.  Jeff and Jason and JT are all fabulous and knowledgable and generally great.  They are consistently good about not charging for extraneous repairs but not to the point that they are neglectful of my car.  I highly recommend them.
