5	The food is delicious with TONS to choose from (the pub pretzels are my favorite), great beer selection on tap, and the atmosphere is very laid back and comfortable. Highly recommend!!
4	I stopped in here with my friend, Harley, on our way to the Pens game. We just wanted a quick drink and bite to eat. Our server, Jasmine, was so friendly and could tell that we needed quick service. I ordered french fries (they were a little soggy, but still good) and Harley ordered the mac and cheese bites which were delicious. Yes. I can't wait to go back here to have a real meal! The menu looks extensive and delicious. The atmosphere is nice too - real wood, dark accents, good lights. The crowd is a mix of students and business types, so the buzz is quality.
5	Been walking past here for months waiting for the opening. Finally came in for lunch and ordered the Skinny Dip sandwich. Excellent food, good beer selection and super friendly staff.  Definitely two thumbs up.
5	Hey, they may have had a bumpy start due to some technical issues but they have more than made up for it. Excellent service, super friendly staff and excellent food. Even the owner stopped by just to be sure everything was meeting my expectations. I will be back and I will spread the good word.
5	Visited here for lunch.  It was pretty busy, and they haven't been opened for very long.First, the interior is very nice, modern, upmarket and if you remember "Osteria 100" it is located in the same space.  Much of the interior has remained the same, including the small bar located on the left hand side of the restaurant as you enter.The prices are fantastic!  A BLT for $5.25 with chips.  Most sandwiches $5 to $10.  1/2 pound bacon cheeseburger with french fries for $9.25.  The majority of the lunch menu is under $10.I had the bacon cheeseburger and it was pretty good.  Seasoned properly, nice toasted bun, good cheese, tasty bacon, and really no complaints at all.  The french fries were crispy and good.The service was fantastic, really friendly and efficient.  The food was delivered very quickly given how busy the restaurant was.While I think the food quality is probably 4-star, the value really puts this place over the top.  You can get a solid sit-down meal in nice surroundings for about $10 + tax + tip.  That's pretty solid.The meal was cheaper than some of my deli to-go meals that have considerably less overhead!This is a great place to take your co-workers, including those who don't want to spend $20 on lunch on the more expensive places in nearby Market Square!
2	Went here for lunch. The place wasn't too crowded. The inside of the restaurant is very nice and clean with it just opening recently. I got the atomizer sandwich was close to $9. It took them close to 45 minutes to make the sandwich. The sandwich itself was average at best with pretty basic ingredients. I think that $9 for a basic roast beef sandwich is a bit steep too.  The waitress had no idea what any of us had ordered when she brought the food out (I ended up getting charged for a Reuben). The bright spot of the lunch were the potato chips. The chips were excellent with a subtle ranch seasoning. The whole lunch experience took almost an hour and a half.I probably won't be coming back.
4	I've been here several times already with co-workers, and once with my wife and kid.  This is a nice clean and modern place.  The staff were friendly.  The prices are very reasonable and the home made potato chips are excellent.  We did experience a wait  on a few occasions, but it was right after they opened and they seem to have worked the kinks out now.  This is a great lunch spot for downtown Pittsburgh.
4	I went here with a bunch of friends from school. We were all on a budget so were very appreciative of the awesome prices! The decor is super chic and urban. As a group, we ordered the mac and cheese bites as well as the pub pretzels. The mac n cheese bites were delicious, and the pub pretzels, holy cow! With the honey mustard, they are incredible. I ordered the five cheese pizza. It wasn't so great unfortunately, but I tasted some of my friends dishes which were all pretty good. The homemade chips are also super good. For dessert, they had a turtle brownie that we split that was quite good as well. The service was amazing-our server was happy and helpful, more than happy to write up 5 separate checks and even split our appetizers and dessert between them all. We really had a great time and will return!!
5	Delicious food, good drinks and even better atmosphere. This is a great new spot downtown. We will be back.
3	Checked out Hundred Wood for lunch and ordered the brisket tacos off the appetizer menu as my meal.  It comes with 3 hearty sized tacos - I could only eat 2 so should be more than enough for a meal.  The waitress mentioned that they smoke their own brisket and recommend this dish (I was contemplating between this and the turkey reuben).  I didn't think the meat was that great - it wasn't melt in your mouth type of meat but rather stringy and fatty.  It had a slight hint of a smokey flavor but I asked for a side of bbq sauce because I thought it tasted somewhat bland.Coleslaw and a bbq drizzled topped the tacos and the coleslaw tasted quite fresh and wasn't drenched in that mayo sauce.  If I go back, I'll try another sandwich.  I tried some of the chips (which my friend wasn't a fan of) but I thought they were tasty - seasoned well and crispy.
