5	There's not much to say here. I'm absolutely IN LOVE with the car I purchased here. The only other thing I can really say is that the customer service here is impeccable. Every body here is very nice and extremely helpful and willing to go to great lengths to make their customers happy. I will never own any other kind of car and I will never buy another car at any other dealership! Thank you towbin fiat!
5	I just purchased a new Fiat 500 on July 2 From this dealer and they are the best hands down! They help me without any sales pressure what so ever !!  I want to say "THANK YOU" to JOSE my sales agent, TRAVIS the dealership manager and to Han Nguyen the fiance manager in helping me get my car. I  love this car !!!! THANKS TOWBIN FIAT !!
3	second time buying a car and i went to this place to buy my kia and the process was pretty good. besides the fact that i should have only paid $50 for a documentation fee  instead of $500.
5	Was browsing around with a friend of mine and met Mrs Jessica Jones and she had so attentive and very informative. She didn't make us feel obligated to buy anything but my friend ended up buying a fiat after all and now Im considering it as well ..... Thanks Fiat!
5	I love my Fiat 500 Abarth.   Last November, I purchased a 500 pop because of its great gas mileage.   A few months ago, I took the car on a trip to San Diego and averaged 37MPG.  The car had no problem doing 80-85 mph up the Baker grade or the Cajon Pass out of Victorville.  The more my wife and I drove the car, the more we loved it.  The 500 is so much fun to drive.  We put around 9000 miles on the  car with no problems.  Recently, we decided to test drive the 500 Abarth.  WOW!  160HP turbo charged engine, Beats Audio with 368 watts, seats that are race inspired, great feeling steering wheel, and 10 times more fun to drive.  We traded up and couldn't be happier.  Now my  wife and I fight over who gets to drive the Abarth to work.  In our garage is a Mercedes C32 AMG and a Mercedes ML550.  Both have great  horsepower, but neither are as much fun to drive as the Abarth.  The Abarth has an awesome growl and a great feel.  When people look at the car from the outside, they ask "How do you fit inside of that car", but its actually quite roomy inside.  I am 6 ft tall and I fit just fine.  Then when I take someone for a drive,  they say, "Wow, I wasn't expecting it to be so fast and fun to drive".  The smile on their face says it all.The people at Towbin Fiat are very friendly and knowledgable.  Sica and Michael made our experience enjoyable with their warm professional approach.  The sales process was quick and hassle free.  I've been back a couple of times to purchase add-on parts (locking gas cap / Abarth shirt) and the staff always greets me by name as if I was part of the family.   If you haven't driven this little Italian car, I suggest taking an open mind to Towbin Fiat and let your journey begin.
3	Got 2013 Fiat 500 Abarth from here about a week ago. Before I get started on reviewing this dealership, I have to mention that I am a very through researcher when it comes to making big spending decision. I had taken care of all the paperwork and other necessary obligations before I even walked into the dealership. All I had to was to sign the paperwork on the price that I had worked out with the sales manager. I am only reviewing the customer service that I received at this dealership, it does not deal with the manufacture or its parent company.When I went to pick up my car with a friend, my brand new Abarth was sitting clean and polished in the tent for recently sold cars. They did a good job of getting is clean and keeping in a prestine mint condition. The sales person, my friend and I test drove the car and she went over all the features of the car. When it came to sign the paper, we could not find the sales person at all. We were waiting on her for about an hour and she was taking care of another customer while I was awaiting my paper work. It seemed like that they had ordered too many of 2013 models and they were rushing to get these cars off the lot. Each car does come with 3 complimentary oil changes.They will work on a good price with you, I managed to snag a $25000 car for $17,000, but I wish that the customer service wasn't  pit stop style. Overall, if you are looking at buying a Fiat this is a better dealership in town. Extra infoFiat 500 Abarth - does come with a 1 day professional driving school class, which is pretty cool.
5	I am so incredibly happy with my experience here. I never expected to get financing, and they not only got me approved for financing within my goal range for a used Turbo, but they got me an even better deal than I expected on an Abarth!! But really, I'm getting ahead of myself. Let's start from the beginning...First, I found the most adorable Turbo online, and my husband and I decided to go look at it just for fun. I wasn't really in the mood as I had just been rear-ended the day before. Jessica greeted us, and right away was super helpful and not ONCE did we feel pressured or hard sold on anything. I instantly liked her and I could tell she wasn't BSing us about anything, so we test drove the Turbo, and of course, loved it. These cars are really fun, even the slower ones! :) I told her up front about my financing concerns and goals, and within 15 minutes they came back with something exactly in my comfort zone. I was shocked- pleasantly so, of course. We had to run errands and were on a strict schedule, so we left and came back with the intention of buying the little grey Turbo... and then... next thing you know, I'm getting a great deal on a new Abarth!! Crazy, I know!  Everyone was super nice, I dealt with 4 different people throughout the course of my time there, and everyone was extremely nice and helpful. The only thing is I feel like a dummy, because they told me to inspect the car beforehand, and I totally rushed through- turns out there was a chip on the front, but I'm sure I can just touch it up. I'm still kind of in shock that it all happened so smoothly and that I'm not just a new Fiat owner, but an Abarth owner!! I love the car more and more every time I see it, and I'm super happy about the way everyone helped me. It's so nice to go to a dealership and not feel like everyone's trying to take advantage of you.
5	I had a great experience purchasing my first car at towbin Las Vegas! My specialist, Michael A., was very honest and knowledgable. He made me feel so comfortable and  as a women going to a car lot on your own can be intimidating, but it wasn't what so ever! I have nothing but good things to say. I LOVE MY FIAT!!!! go see Michael A.
5	Just bought a 2013 Fiat from Michael A. yesterday. was very happy with the customer service received here. Was not feeling pressured into settling for anything less then I wanted (price, options, etc.)  Received a great deal from this dealership, and very happy to upgrade from a 1991 volvo!  The deal took about an hour to work out which I felt was very fast. Just took a while to get all the papers signed. Totally worth it!
5	I'm not a Fiat owner, *yet*... I spent 2 hours yesterday, test driving 3 different cars. My saleswoman, Sica, is extremely friendly, no pressure, and patiently answered all 537 of my questions. I went back today, and spent another 45 minutes asking questions, and looking around some more. If you're considering a fun little car, I highly recommend stopping in!!!
5	First class service as always! When you go there, have Jerry and Vanessa help you they are the best. I bought my last two cars from them and have had the best experience both times.  I love my Fiat 500L. Its very comfy and a fun car.
5	Looking for a used Mini Cooper for my husband and got the cold shoulder at another establishment.  So, we decided to drive over here and see if they had any Mini's on the lot. First sales man who came was Ken. He was awesome,  no pressure and started asking what we were looking to buy and what interests us. He showed us the one by the street but we weren't feeling it. Then we saw one that had just been turned in. Now we're talking price and what it would take to "get it out the door". Loving the vibe here and ghe helpful nature of the staff.
5	Having lived in the Valley for 2 years and having become acquainted with many places to shop for new and used cars and not all the dealerships are created equal, I can assure you.  I have been wanting a new car with the thought of gifting my currently paid off car to my son, who is 18 years old and is the last of my 4 children that is left in  my household.  I have been downsizing everything and enjoying every minute of it, so I thought, why not downsize my wheels?  I have my heart set on a Mini Cooper since my wife of 26 years has one and absolutely loves it, so I thought I would start there.  We went to a place that shall remain unnamed and unreviewed, but it was typical "don't want new?  forget you!"  They literally walked away from us and didn't help us anymore.  Wow.  I spotted the Fiat lot.  Hmmm, Fiats are small.  They look kind of sporty, especially the Abarth series, so why the heck not?  Oh, and I see a Mini!  Anyway, we parked and got out and we were quickly approached by Ken, one of the sales associates at Towbin Fiat.  He was very professional, very low key and he immediately just asked us what we were looking for.  I believe in being blunt and to the point, so I gave him a price point and what I was looking at.  He showed us what he had and even allowed us to see a car that had just been turned in as a trade in.  It was still getting its safety check.  He also gave us some advice and some suggestions, once again, without any pressure and only in the spirit of trying to help us out.  He was great.  We intend to test drive said car another day when it is ready and we intend to go back and give some of the cars a second look.  I would definitely buy a car here and it looks like I probably will.  The day after, I called the number on the card Ken provided to ask for some more information on the car I am interested in.  The man I talked to, I believe he said he was the Used Car Manager, literally told me what he was doing and asked if he could call me back in a few minutes and that he would go out to the car and call me back and answer anything I had questions about.  He did just that.  I was quite impressed.  I told him that I didn't want to bother him and knew he was busy and he stopped me right there and said that he was more than happy to help me and that he hoped they had something that we would love and that would make everyone happy.  Once again, that same spirit that is prevalent at this location.  Great way to do car business.  One thing I can tell you, my father worked at a dealership for some twenty or thirty years and this place is the real deal.  Honest and friendly and they just want to help you get a car if they can.  Definitely a place to look for a used car or, a new Fiat if that is your desire!
5	Came back today, after searching the valley for the perfect Mini Cooper S for my husband, to Towbin Fiat on Jones and Sahara to drive the beauty we saw earlier this week.  Ken was here so we took her for a test drive! Powerful, responsive and clean. We've only purchased 3 cars from dealerships in our 27 years together and 2 have been since moving to Las Vegas!  Thanks to all the wonderful people who helped us make this car ours! A special thank you to to Ken who was courteous and professional thru the whole process!
5	I was shopping around for car since my mini had hit 120k miles.  I called this fiat dealership and spoke with Jennifer.  Jennifer had amazing customer service, was extremely helpful and she was able to facilitate a very friendly environment instead of trying to find out how much she could get out of me.Jennifer and Jovan both worked with me to get a payment plan and price that would work with my budget.  Jennifer went above and beyond to make sure my needs were met.I then got the opportunity to meet Sica in finance.  Sica provided crystal clear clarity and didn't rush the paper process. She made sure I understood everything before we went on and it's something I greatly appreciated.  All in all, this dealership is very welcoming and they made me feel like family!Thank you and keep up this type of environment for everyone :)
5	I have to start off by saying I absolutely LOVE my Fiat!! I've never had any problems with it. I've had to bring it in a couple times to have the hubcap fixed but other than that the car drives very well and has a lot of cool features. Everyone is really nice and helpful at this location. Each time I've been in the store Sica has gone ABOVE and BEYOND to help me. She took the time to show me additional features in my car that I didn't know I had. The arm rest broke and Sica made sure everything was taken care of. I'm very happy with the service I've received over at Towbin Fiat. I would recommend them to any and everyone. Did I already mention that I'm LOVE my Fiat??? :)
5	I recently decided to upgrade from my Fiat Cabrio to an Abarth. I previously went to the "other" Fiat dealership and received less than thrilling service even though I had already bought my current Fiat there less than two years ago. When I called Towbin, Vanessa was immediately helpful and took my information without any pressure to come down and was willing to let me know if they could do something for me without having to travel all the way down to the dealership. When I finally was ready to make the leap Sica, Vanessa and Jerry (bless his heart) were super patient with me, explained all the financing options and answered all my questions. At the end of the day I left with the car I wanted at a very fair price. Everyone was extremely friendly and the whole place is a very no pressure atmosphere. Thanks everyone!!!
5	The best car buying experience I've ever had! Essence helped me find a car and she was fantastic, very friendly, and was there to help me find the exact car I wanted. She even gave me her cell number afterwards so I could call her anytime if I needed help or had any questions. The dealership worked with me to get my monthly payments down to a price I was willing to pay. Payments started around 240 a month for a 6 year loan and they worked to get it down to 207! I love my little fiat and definitely recommend buying a car from these guys.
1	I normally don't post disappointed reviews because  my experience may be different from another customer, so I don't want to rob businesses their chance to impress new customers, but screw that. I had a bad experience with this dealer and I think they should know this so they can improve their way of doing business.So I received an invitation to their sales event with a scratch game, and basically it says I won $25,000. This looks so good to be true so I didn't get too hyped up, but I have to check it anyway. I went to the dealer and found out that there are 9 other people who "won". They had us waiting to be accommodated one by one, when they are fully staffed. When I asked a question to a staff, she told me to ask another guy. She doesn't know anything. The other staff are hiding/chilling behind the counter, and the only guy who can actually help us is a classic salesman dick. I lingered for a few minutes and chatted with other people on the queue. I knew a couple and I can tell that they're struggling. They thought can finally have a home, only to be told that they won $2. They get people to be excited, only to be disappointed. It's very deceptive, and unethical to mess with people's feelings like that. I don't know how they can legally get away advertising a $25,000 cash giveaway when it's not even in the price list.To top it all, the parking is horrible. They filled their lot with their tiny cars, and it's annoying to maneuver.
