5	OMG, home to my favorite stylist Emilie- it's because of her that I've been searching almost 8 years for a salon closer to home (Boston) that I like but still travel 5 hours to Montreal for a haircut.  Though the USD-CAD exchange rate no longer makes Canadian trips a great deal, Tonic is totally worth it!  A haircut starts with an Aveda aromatherapy oil head massage, then leads to the shampoo area, which has BEDS (why don't other salons have these?!?).    Most importantly, Emilie will give you the best haircut ever- I think I've loved every haircut I've gotten...from long layers to the time I chopped my hair to donate to make cancer wigs.  By the way, other stylists are just as good- they all get monthly classes on hair cutting & styling techniques.  While you're there, spring for a facial too...the 3rd floor spa is tres zen.  Appointments definitely needed, street parking only.
5	Thanks for the yelp Lucy - you were so right.Made an appointment with Emilie and she spent some time with me consulting on how I ignore my hair for the most part (no blow drying, in a bun most of the time) and she gave me a great cut that I can maintain easily.Wonderful Aveda product selection, good head massage by her assistant and well worth the price. I walked out of the salon with what can only be described as Spring Date Hair. Go see Emilie and put your head in her hands - she is very talented.
4	I went here while on vacation since I had some free time and didn't get my hair done at home. I had highlights with a woman going to pharmacy school and my regular hair dresser complimented me 15 weeks later! Yes, this was possibly the best colorist ever. Too bad she's about to leave. The guy who cut my hair loved it more than I did. He did do a great style, but freezing rain and sweat mixed in made it look ho-hum. The prices are sky high for experienced colorist/stylist.  I almost choked on my post-christmas Visa bill. Alas, if I can go an extra few weeks without touch-ups, maybe it's worth it?
5	These guys are wonderful. I had the full treatment today, got in at 11 and out at 3! I had a package including a facial, manicure, haircut, and light make up. The facial has to have been one of the best I have had. They had a very well written survey to fill out beforehand, so they could get a good idea of my skin type. I believe my facialist was celina, and she was so cute, and extremely pleasant. She was willing to speak in French and English both, and kept up with my constant changing. She explained the products well, and was thorough, and really took her time. The extractions were by far the most pain free I have experienced, and afterward i did not have any redness, or irritation. My skin was chilled out.I went into the hair portion of my day with no idea what I wanted. I told the stylist that I was bored with my look and just wanted to do something good. She went with a very short in the back, long in the front look that really accentuated my eyes, and neck. I never realised how much a haircut could do to bring out your features! It was fun, and a big surprise to see the final product!Everyone at the salon was sweet, and very cool. (without being too trendy) I would strongly recommend it to a friend. Plus, it is in a great part of town. A lot of local flavour.
5	Went back to Tonic to take advantage of a massage that is covered by insurance (what?! It's true. Canada I love you). With a sore neck and shoulders from being a computer gargoyle all day Joanne brought me into a dark comfortable room for a consultation, left me to get comfy under good linens and came back to hammer out the knots in my muscles. It was by far the most painful massage I've ever had, which I needed.  She worked out all the pain points and I highly recommend reserving some time with her.With a choice of Aveda oil scents and relaxing, clean environment I'll be going back for more.
4	I'm from Toronto, and this is my favourite haircut place when I'm in town. It was one of the only few that was open late (perfect for after work). I've been here 3 times, and if it weren't in a completely other city, i would go back and try more of their services. What I liked is that the first 2 times, I had one stylist (I forget her name now), but the 3rd time, she was on vacation, and they deliberately paired me up with another stylist with the simliar hair cut style. I really appreciated that.
5	I came here expecting a great cut and impeccable service. I got both! I had been to the Aveda academy in Toronto, which is apparently known as one of the better academies. I called Tonic and the receptionist was very attentive, and didn't rush the call, as alot of others would have done when a customer is trying to decide something. The receptionist suggested a stylist (Anka) for my type of hair (short) and I went with it. My experience at Tonic was very different compared to the Aveda in Toronto. Maybe it's because a student was cutting my hair in Toronto and a teacher was cutting it in Montreal, but I felt a lot more at ease and calm at Tonic. At the Toronto location, it felt like they were always trying to sell their products. At the Montreal location, the focus is on YOU and your hair. Anka showed me a lot of useful styling techniques and shared with me what she wanted to dabble with for my next visit. The price was very reasonable ($55 + $10tips) for a head massage, wash, cut, and style. As well, they touch up your make-up afterwards to make sure you don't have random strands of hair on your face. All in all, I'm very happy with Tonic and I will be going back again.
5	I came to this salon a couple of times and was not only impressed with the friendliness of the salon, but the services that they offer.I am really particular about the way that my hair is cut.  I like to have symmetrical cuts so that one side of my hair is equal length to the other.  At tonic they don't only cut hair symmetrically but they also give a haircut that is symmetrical and one that suits your look!Karin was my stylist and she did an amazing job. Note: she is the teacher of all the hairdressers in the salon.Before I got my haircut, I received a neck massage.  It was an amazing experience!When I go back to Montreal, I will definitely go to Tonic again!
5	I'll admit it: whenever I have a hair appointment at Aveda, I look forward to that little scalp and shoulder massage you get while lying down on the at-the-sink beds for a rinse. They even put a relaxing eye mask over your eyes. I also look forward to catching up with my favourite stylist, Andrea, who always makes me feel fabulous. She always gives me a wonderful colour and cut, and I always leave feeling lighter than I did when I went in! It's just too bad they had to stop serving wine when they became an official Aveda place.
2	I went there about 2 years ago so I hope things have changed. I was looking for a simple (but well-done) cut that wasn't too expensive. After looking all over the internet, I decided I would give Tonic a try and ask for Emilie to cut my hair. Well, I got the simplest cut ever (which I could have replicated in my bathroom)! It didn't suit me (I was hoping Emilie in all her knowledge would provide more input besides selling the products) and cost me 70$ NOT including tip!This was the very last time I set foot in a hair salon and I have been happily cutting, styling and dying my hair myself ever since to great results. The highlight of my experience was the delightful Romanian student who washed my hair (with extra neck and scalp massage Mmmmm!). I hope she's still around!
5	I went to get a haircut at Aveda a couple of weeks back. Vanessa cut my hair, she is a junior stylist but did a great job. Before the cut she gave me a head massage with an oil of my choice and washed my hair, all while I was lying on a bed. That was just wonderful! Then she styled my hair very nicely in light curls.She did a good job with my hair, I guess we were both a bit hesitant as it was my first time at Aveda, so she stayed on the conservative side and stuck to the style I had before. Maybe next time I'll be more daring and ask for a change! Overall great experience, highly recommended.
5	When you walk in, you are transformed into a relaxing environment. Staff at the reception desk are kind, warm, and willing to take the time to make sure that you have everything you need. In the waiting area, they have water and tea to enjoy; however, you won't be spending much time there since the stylists are quite prompt and on time.I had Danielle as my stylist. Danielle is great!!! A recent graduate of the training school that the salon is affiliated with, Danielle gave me the best haircut in my life! She has a plethora of talent and potential.It began with a wonderful consultation where she really got what look I was trying to go for. Next, she took me upstairs to wash my hair. This Aveda salon has the most unique washing stations I have ever seen. You lie down on your back (on a massage table essentially) and rest your head over the sink. A pillow is placed under your legs and cucumbers over your eyes. A scalp, shoulder, and neck massage is given before they begin the hair washing. It leaves me befuddled why more salons don't have this type of system.After the washing, we return to the station and engage in a delightful conversation. As an anglophone, it was great to have a conversation that just flowed without any language barrier. I walked out the door delighted as ever!Overall, I highly recommend the Montreal Aveda Salon to anyone trying to decide which salon to go to. It may be a little in the high range, but it is surely worth it! Plus, when you go for the first time, they do give you a $25 gift card valid towards future appointments...
1	Waited 10 minutes for the sales woman to stop filling samples for someone else who wasnt buying anything while I was at the cash waiting to pay for my $75 purchase of hair products....when I asked the other worked why she couldn't take care of the transaction she said "because I don't bill people the other sales person does .." how does that make any sense??? Service is a joke. Then the sales person told me thatMy hair was short and I didn't need a damage therapy shampoo and conditioner.....I couldn't believe she was serious. How is this place in business???
3	I have been to Aveda 3 times in total. The first time was a few years ago for a hair cut. I don't remember who cut my hair but she was sweet. Nothing too special about the cut though, but i was happy with it. I'm an easy customer, if you are super nice to me, i can overlook all the minor flaws. In December 2012, i went back to colour my virgin hair. I had an appointment with a student, Amy. She was sweet! She took her time and my hair turned out amazing! I got so many compliments on my hair colour! And it cost me like 60 including tip for colour and brushing. Today i went back for a root touch up. I was in a rush so i couldn't make appointment with Amy. I went with a senior colourist this time, Zooey. She is good, but a cold. No chit chat, no talking. She applied the color and left. Then came check after 20 mins for 2 seconds and told me to wait for her assistant to come wash my hair. I didn't get a hand massage like i always did before. Then her assistant came and washed my hair. The worst part is after she was done, she gave me a blow dryer and tell me to blow dry my own hair!!!!!!! Seriously??? I asked if she could do it for me because i don't want to look like a fool sitting their blow drying my own hair!! Then she told me she's not comfortable with blow drying hair but she could ask someone to come help. I was happy with the solution. I don't need anything fancy. Just a regular blow dry. So a girl came blow dry my hair. Just a regular blow dry, no brushing or anything. But i didn't expect anything fancy so I'm happy with it. When i came down to pay, i was charged 60 for the touch up and 35 for the blow dry!!!! So 95 total without tax and tip!! I am very upset. I have never been asked to blow dry my own hair anywhere else! And trust me, I've been to quite many hair salons (salon pure, mat&max...) i am really disappointed. So i paid 60 just for a root touch up and a wash, no blow dry????? If you wet my hair, you should blow dry my hair after!
4	I went there to get my hair dyed and guess what? It was fantastic!The staff was incredibly friendly (except for some of them who were a bit stuck-up, the reason why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5). They were really professional. After getting my hair dyed, they gave me a head massage, which felt amazing. My hair ended up looking fabulous and everyone from my entourage loved it. It's a bit pricey, but worth the price!
3	Yesterday was my first time ever for a facial at Aveda. The salon is really nice and clean. The spa is on the top floor and it is very quiet and relaxing. The staff is super friendly, they offered me tea (and I dont even like tea but this one was really good). The girl who took care of me was Eva. She is super nice and friendly, and she did a fantastic job. She makes you feel very relaxed and comfortable and her massages are amazing. The facial was 70$+tip. My face is usually extremely red after a facial because I have very sensitive skin, but yesterday was not bad at all. The extractions doesn't hurt compared to other places. The only cons would be that the don't extract milia around the eyes, and I would have liked a deeper extraction. Very good experience overall. I will definitely be back!*UPDATED:All the skin products I bought (cleanser, moisturizer, toner and essential oil) gave me really bad allergic reactions. Be careful if you have sensitive skin as a big number of Aveda products contain lavender. Lavender is NOT good for sensntive skin EVER. I had a terrible rash all over my face for 3 weeks. I could return the products but they gave me a gift card, not cash back. Now I have 150$ in an Aveda card that most likely I'll give to someone because I am not going to use any of their products ever again. So be careful if you have sensitive skin. Try little samples before buying any skincare product.
5	I just stepped out of the best massage of my life. I don't think I've been this relaxed in months, and I don't think I will be again until my next visit. Seriously, my eyes are half closed - pretty sure people think I'm stoned. Although the fact that I just ordered a full English breakfast probably doesn't help.If you're wondering who to get a massage from, I'd recommend Gina. Again, it's only my first time there, but I wouldn't go back for anyone else.
5	I only found this place because I got a coupon during my college orientation for a $15 cut. I figured that even if the place wasn't that good it would only be $15 which is pretty much what I'd pay at any barber anyway.I was very surprised then at how good it was. I was really expecting that since I was spending so little they would try to have me in and out as fast as possible but that's not what happened at all. The staff were very polite. The lady at the counter took my coat and gave me a quick tour of the place since I was a few minutes early. She told me all about the services and products they sell but at the same time wasn't pushy about them or really trying to make a sale.It was a student cutting my hair and I was a little worried about that but it didn't matter in the end. She was very friendly and talked me through the whole process to make sure she knew what sort of cut I wanted. Things like a cup of tea or coffee and even letting me choose which scent of shampoo I wanted were a nice touch as well.The hair cut itself was fine but there wasn't that much to do anyway since I was trying to let it grow a bit longer anyway and all I wanted was a tidy-up. Because of this though, I was even told that I can come back again for another tidy up in a month after it grows a bit more for free so I booked another appointment right there. To me that seems really exceptional, especially considering I was only paying $15 to begin with. It seems they're really trying to get people in as long-term customers here and based on my first experience, it's working. I was told that the full cuts for men are $30 which still sounds very reasonable considering what you get so I plan on returning.
4	I was in desperate need of a haircut (read: I hadn't had one in a year), and decided to give Aveda a try based on a) it's reviews on Yelp and 2) the 25% discount offered by my employer. I made an appointment and was well accommodated by the person who took my information. He placed me with Patrick as he had a lot of experience with longer hair. I showed up for my appointment, and the young lady at reception was warm and welcoming. She took my coat and offered me water or green tea as I waited. My stylist showed up not 5 minutes later, with a warm welcome, and he took the time to listen to what I wanted. I showed him a photo of what I was interested in, and he took me into detail of what would work best for my usual routine (which usually isn't much; shower, air dry and brush through). He then took me upstairs to wash my hair (with amazing-smelling botanical products) and got a head and shoulder massage (*swoon*; I adore having my head massaged). I was given an impromptu tour and crash course on what Aveda is and the salon & academie. He engaged me in conversation and made me feel at ease throughout the entire experience and was so nice. I will definitely be going back thanks to his genuine and professional demeanor and the affordable pricing! I definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a well-priced and professional haircut!
4	I found this place on yelp and it was pretty great!I was a bit nervous 1) cause I'm really picky about my hair and this was a new saloon and new stylist 2) I had grown my hair out to donate so I was going from waist length hair to chin length 3) it's a school you never know how good the person would be.So I arrived 10 mins early the receptionist downstairs was tres snobberiffic. I couldn't book the treatment I wanted until I had a consultation- at which point I found out they don't do blowout but flat perms :(  After my consultation I met my stylist Karen. Karen was awesome she totally put me at ease - we discussed my cut and my hair routine. After I got wash which include a wonderful head and shoulder massage... I don't remember the name of the girl that did my wash but she was so nice ... Oh and it's down right sinful that you get to laid down all comfy while they wash your hair!After that I got a short tour of the school including the spa and such- Karen was wonderfully chatty without being overbearing or overly nosy I would dive toy recommend booking her if she is open :)After the cut she blew dry and styled my hair she also took time to show the easiest way to achieve the same look at home.
4	This place is great!!! I get my haircuts there and am always well taken care of. It is a little pricey, but so worth it. My hair is always exactly how I want it and the head massage they give you at the beginning is just so good. They have beds instead of chairs at the wash station and give you a head and shoulder massage using oh so good smelling botanical products. Everyone is very professional.
5	Do your hair a favour, GO HERE. I just had my first haircut in years and I can honestly say it was worth the wait. My wife had her hair cut by Amy and she came home looking gorgeous!! I went in the next day, simply cause of that, and I was blown away. My stylist was Ivan. He was professional, considerate and gave me the haircut I wanted. He asked all the right questions and was a complete sweetheart. I will be coming back here from now on. This place is the best.
5	I haven't had a haircut in a little more than 5 years so choosing where to have my hair done was very tricky. I found this place thru yelp.I was quite anxious but the staff was very helpful and nice (can't complain!). I set up my appointment over the phone and it went smoothly. I have mentioned that I'm a bit nervous as I haven't had a haircut for years but I was assured by Patrick,the receptionist, that I'll be in good hands. (True enough, I was!) I arrived 5 or 10 minutes early for my appointment. The lady receptionist was nice, she got my name, offered me something to drink and went on to see my stylist after. I didn't wait for too long as my stylist came to see me right away.Mary (my WONDERFUL stylist)  was very friendly and very reassuring too. We discussed what I want done. I told her I'd like to donate my hair and I have no idea though of any style that would be nice. She helped me with that. I loved what she did and oh! I have had so many compliments about my haircut.Overall, it was a good experience. I would definitely go back and I would recommend the place too. :)
5	My friend and I were in town for a wedding and booked make up appointments here. Initially I thought it would cost $50 each. However, it turned out that the make up was free if we bought 2 make up products! So, that was a win win. the makeup was applied well - I don't think the staff person contoured my features or anything, but she did a good job with a pretty heavy make up job on my eyes. I do have lash extensions and she didn't seem to know how to handle them  but it didn't matter too much. She tried and was really caring about doing a good job. All in all, the make up sessions cost $87 for both and we each scored lipstick and concealer. Not a bad deal at all! Highly recommend!
5	I highly recommend getting a haircut with Mary.
5	I am very specific when it comes to my haircut. I'm new in Montreal; I'm an international graduate student. The first thing that I did when I received my offer admission at McGill was search for a good place to get a haircut (this is 5 months before the start of the term). I have a list of places to check out but since I wanna get it right at first try, I went to the top-rated salon on Yelp in the city. When I showed up yesterday for my appointment, the receptionist took my coat and umbrella (it was raining) and showed me to the lounge. She then gave me a cup of tea while waiting for my stylist to be ready. My stylist was (is) Danielle. She's a very cool and chill gal. We went up to her station and the first thing that she asked was what I wanted to do with my hair. I told her I wanted to get a shorter, textured (and thinned out - my hair gets very thick) haircut with a fringe. I came in with a slick back hair. I then showed her a couple of pictures for inspiration. These are pics from Burberry campaigns. I really dig Matt Mulhull's work on men's hair for Burberry. It's a cross between preppy and edgy hair - short on the sides, "not to made up", very nonchalant. Danielle then went and cut my hair while we were talking about music festivals and the best bars to check out in town. After cutting most of my hair, we went ahead and washed it. The head and shoulder massage was amazing too! After that, she dried my hair and styled it a bit. I then made some suggestions: I want a more defined line between the longer top part of the hair and the shorter length on the sides. So she went ahead and did that. She is very skilled! She was paying attention to the way my hair falls on the front and made tweaks here and there. After she was done, I was very happy! Overall I am extremely satisfied. I have already booked my next appointment. The bonus is that I get a free trim every two weeks. Very great deal! The cut was ~70 plus tip!
