5	We just got back today from our Scottsdale AZ trip and I couldn't wait to post my comment on this unique desert tour.    We decided very late the night before to attempt to book an am tour on the following morning. I left a voice message around 5:30 pm stating that I  knew it was last minute, but I had wandered if there was any chance they still had any openings for the next mornings tour.  I figured I had missed the boat on this because of our indecision. (Their office closed @ 5:30) I was very surprised when Steve returned my call around 7 pm to fit us in and set the details of our tour!     Our guide Alex was very friendly, entertaining, interesting and knowledgeable.  Your guide will take many pictures of your group throughout your tour which are posted to the web for you to access! They provide bandannas to cover your face to make your tour more enjoyable. Who would have thought you may kick up a little dust while you drive Tomcars through a desert??   All and all a great time! Great customer service! We would do another of their tours in a heartbeat next time in AZ!!
5	We went out with Chris, our guide, on an ATV tour today, and it was wonderful. From the very beginning Chris was helpful and polite and showed us all the sights of the Arizona desert. We even saw a diamondback rattler in the first 15 minutes on the road! Chris took us up to some Indian ruins and to a cool turquoise and copper mine. We went on some great off road trails and crossed a 3 foot deep river. At the end, Chris and Zev (the owner) gave us a great training class on firearms then we shot glocks and assault rifles. I even hit the explosive target at the end! It was a great day of fun in the sun. I would highly recommend you look up Desert Wolf Tours if you're in the Phoenix area.
5	I booked this tour last minute through Southwest Airlines vacations.  I would recommend this tour as a highlight of any vacation in the Phoenix, AZ area.  Steve, the guy who keeps all the scheduling arranged was amazing.  He worked with us to get just the time we needed to fit in our schedule.Alex, our guide was the most affable young man (to me he is).  He made everyone feel special (he praised our driving skills), was very knowledgable of the local history, as well as knowing his way around in the desert.  This unique tour which allows one to follow a tour guide as one drives a dune buggy like vehicle over very rugged desert dirt paths and river washouts.  We stopped at ancient indian forts learned how to survive in the desert (never a concern) get some fresh air and many laughs.A must do for anyone visiting the area.
5	My husband and I went on the Desert Wolf tom car tour with Zach and shooting experience with Hunter. Zach was very friendly and he was great about showing us around and answering our questions. It was fun to drive the tom car, enjoy the scenery and lean tons of interesting facts about the desert. Hunter was informative and helpful with teaching us how to properly shoot the firearms. We would highly recommend Desert Wolf excursions.
5	This is dirty fun - you actually get really dirty!  But its a great time and the TomCars are fun to tool around in.  The desert is lovely and lots of good picture ops.   We went on the afternoon tour which was perfect in March but later I would assume the morning would be better.   Good info and nice way to spend half a day.  Its a jaunt out to Cave Creek but not too bad - about 40 minutes from Old Scottsdale.  Much easier if you are already north side.  Go and enjoy!
5	Shooting Class:  Took the whole family to attend this shooting instruction.  Was very pleased with everything they taught and highly recommend it.  My main objective was for pre-teens to learn that guns are not toys.  This class did a perfect job of accomplishing that and providing a great family memory.  This was the best part of our week in Phoenix.  Alex took such great care of us and connected with the kids.  2 weeks later they are still talking about Alex!!  Hunter provided so much good information - it was a lot to absorb.  Next time in Phoenix, we will do it again.  Also, the group that we shot with was so diverse - family from South Carolina, couple from England.  This isn't just for gun enthusiasts, its for anyone who wants to experience things in life.  You sure don't get the chance to do this in Southern California!!
