5	As everyone knows proper lawn care and gardening can have its moments. Lowe's is always there to help out just when you are about to give up. My recent experience an associate actually went to his car and loaned me his personal tape measure to find out the length of pipe I needed for my project.  I was under a lot of stress due to the fact that my back lawn was being flooded. I soon had the water off and then I found out I had purchase all the wrong sizes. So back I went to Lowe's embarrassed to boot. But they took it all back and I got the correct stuff, the young man offered to help, but I figured I could get it from this point. And I did. I wouldn't trust anywhere else.
1	It took at least 15 minutes before I could find an employee to answer a question. When I found him, he kept walking, while I trotted along beside him, showing him my piece of hardware that I needed to replace and asking where I might find such a thing."Somewhere else," he said.So I went to Home Depot. I had a long list of things to buy, in addition to that little metal thing, and I bought them all there. Other than the one employee with poor social and customer service skills, however, I've always had excellent experiences at Lowe's and usually find exactly what I need. The only caveat is that I have to know precisely what I need, and I have to find it myself. The employees at Home Depot on Pecos are a lot friendlier and more helpful.
4	Pretty good customer service all-around. Most of the people on the floor were pretty helpful in all of the departments, whether it was toilets or garden. Also, on both visits, it seemed like we walked past the same register, and both times, a female employee waved us over (she was free both times) for check-out. Finally, not sure if it's unique to this location, but it seems like the entrance and exit doors are closer to each other here than at various Home Depot locations that I've been to. Nice for not having to walk oddly far distances outside to your car.
4	For some reason, this lowe's is substantially more hopeful than their location in Tustin, ca. I had to run in several times as my buddy and I were working on my car. The first time I ran in, literally, because we had already drained the oil from the car. We needed a longer adapter for a ratchet, and Rick, the Man, helped me locate several choices and even suggested one with a wobble which was very fitting as the bolt we were trying to reach is deep in the car.The second time we came in on the same day, we needed butane because stupid sears didn't carry any even though they sell torches which use the fuel. This time, Rick, the Man, and his pal, Stephanie helped us out and she went to the trouble of looking up fuel burning temperatures on the computer.The last time we went in, we had to just buy the propylene torch they carried because the stupid sears one was too weak.I wish all hardware stores were this helpful!
4	I love Lowe's!  This is the place to go when you own or buy a house.  I purchased my fridge, washer and dryer at this location.  The staff are so knowledgeable and helpful.  We, of course, went to three other types of retail stores pricing and shopping for these three items, but returned to Lowe's for their product and service.  I wish there was more help around the lawn and flower section.  We have a problem keeping our plants alive and I really wish I had better assistance picking them out.  If you keep your receipt, the plants are guaranteed for one year.  I have had good and mediocre experiences with the paint department.  I have had one guy who treated me like I was an idiot and it was frustrating.  I called the manager after the fact and felt like she addressed all of my issues.  Every since that time, the paint section staff have mixed the paint and provided me with all of the products I needed for my paint jobs.  They just have so much stuff!  Love it there!
1	This place sucks! If you can't find it yourself don't bother asking. I was looking for some mechanix gloves, I found 1 pair and had them scan to check inventory. 17 pair in stock but they can't be bothered to help me find them. Again avoid this place.Ps... While tons of folks are standing around without help they decided to have a staff meeting( during business hours) full of self congratulations and applause,,,, what a joke
3	This isn't a review for the store as a whole, but rather just the pain in the colon of trying to buy spray paint.  Look.....I'm a 47 year old disabled veteran, not in a gang and have absolutely no desire to deface public property in the middle of the night because I lack imagination & my mommy didn't love me enough.  All I want is some damn paint for one of my honey-do projects! I walk into Lowes knowing exactly what I want (one lousy stinking can of flat black Krylon).  I go to the paint section, find most of the spray paint locked up in a cage like some common criminal. I say "most" of the paint because gray primer is left uncaged on a different shelf (it must have made a break for it and is now living the good life next to the masking tape). I see the paint I need, but not an employee in sight. I walked around the store for a good 3 to 4 minutes trying to find the paint warden with a key. Well, I finally get the paint and go to the checkout after the paint nazi half my age looks me up and down...probably to make sure I'm not some miscreant from her misguided generation that is planning a night of tagging. There's only one lane open and there is quite a long line, so I make the mistake of going to self-checkout.  I scan the can and the display says "Age verification needed"!!! Are you kidding me??? I have to wait for another employee to give me another once-over. I get her final blessing and I'm outta there!!!
2	Dear Lowes: Thank you for selling my fiancee & I a really nice washer and dryer, an extended warranty that at $175 for both units is 75% cheaper than what Sears would charge for their warranties, and for hooking us up with the stainless steel hoses, dryer hose, and the gas line kit we needed. Oh and after dropping all that coin we got promised "Next Day Delivery!". It's on huge banners in your store, it's so easy to read. It's not so easy to do!Well our washer and dryer was bought on Friday and delivery was set for Saturday. Saturday arrives...10 am, Noon, 2 pm...no Lowes truck to be seen or heard of. So we call the store, get shuffled around and then get told your order didn't even get on the truck. Nice...we get a manager apologizing profusely and she says we'll schedule you for the first thing Sunday morning. This is marginally acceptable until late Saturday we get a call: Your delivery is now set for 1-3 pm or basically the last deliveries of the day! WTH? So we call back...nobody has heard of the manager we spoke to, and our order can't be found either. And that promise of an early morning delivery evaporated like rain in Vegas does. So here I sit, trying to potty train a 3 year old boy. If you've never had kids let me tell you this is an experience. A lack of control experience. As in if it's in front of him chances are he thinks it's cool to spray it. And while it's all part of the wonderful experience of being a parent, it's a lot easier to manage if cleanup is easy. And not having a washer and dryer that you went out and paid for makes it frustrating. And when I get frustrated because someone promises something in large blue and white print banners and then makes similar verbal promises and yet I sit here with empty washer and dryer connections waiting for relief...well you can see why this Yelp review got posted. 2 Stars: #1 is because it's Lowes which I still like, Star #2 is because they didn't rip me off on extended warranties like Sears wanted to do. I wrote a review for Sears Outlet to rant about that experience! If they get my stuff delivered I'll bump them up. But for now 2 Stars is all they get. (Edit #1: Their manager called, admitted he screwed up the delivery. I'm supposed to have my stuff within the hour. I'm from Missouri so they gotta Show Me the goods or this review won't be showing anyone any more stars). (Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #6)
3	Customer service at this location is sub-par! This chick doesn't know where anything is in that store & they sure didn't go out of their way to show me :/ UGH!!I stood at the customer service desk for 10 minutes waiting for the dudes to stop having a personal conversation to help me.  I tried to get their attention, but they were too busy socializing about "dirty balls" WTFFFFBut there was a lady in the back of the store, sitting at a desk, who did give me an incredibly detailed description of where I might find plumber's tape.  She was spot on.  She's the one who gets these 3 measly stars.
4	Very nice store and very friendly. I really like their patio furniture area, it's always setup nicely. We've bought a few plants from their nursery (which is actually Star Nursery) and everything is still kick'in! Remember, it's not a project unless you go to the hardware store 3 times!
1	EXTREME DISAPPOINTMENT!!I'm happy with the appliances we just purchased (Samsung front loading washer/dryer & Samsung fridge).HOWEVER, I'm EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED with the lack there of customer service and follow through regarding delivery and management.My wife and I we're told that appliances would be delivered in the morning and that was great for us.  The night before the scheduled delivery at 820pm I get a phone call (automated call) stating that our appliances are going to be delivered between 2-4pm (which is no good with getting kids from school and other work being done at the house).  Spoke with the asst. store manager to be told that "you're mistaken" and that our employee who has been here for 6 years would have NOT told you a time for delivery.  I had asked to have the store manager call me first thing in the morning (being that this was already after 9pm)....1st thing in the morning comes & goes and I had to call at 1035am to share my store with him.All is all this could have been avoided by having better communication, follow through & being upfront when products could have been delivered.Needless to say, we WON'T BE BACK!!
4	Way better than The Home Depot down the street, this store is friendly, clean, the staff is very nice and overall knowledgeable.  Not like the ediots at HD...bunch of old staff that knows nothing. But they are great at........ nothing.  lol
4	As a consumer and not a contractor, I'd much rather shop here than at their competitor.  The store is always clean and organized.  I like how the aisles are well marked with what you can find down them.  I usually find myself looking for the yellow tags since that means things are marked down or clearanced.  When walking through the store, sometimes there are plenty of workers who are more than willing to help you out.  Other times it is hard to find someone to ask a question.  Generally though I don't have an issue with their customer service.  On our most recent visit, we were probably asked by six different employees if we needed any help.  Nice! My husband can usually spend an unlimited amount of time just browsing.  I guess it's like me shoe shopping so I can't complain.   So when we need a home improvement item, this is our first stop!
5	After a long hard day an employee by the name of Soloman made for a relaxing transition. His knowledge and customer service skills by far out do any experience I have had almost anywhere. Thank you Soloman for such a great experience and for all of the help you gave us.
1	I think every one should go to home depot hate to say it but home "D" is whole lot better on customer service. I used to work for Lowes and this store avoid.
1	So i went in to the store because i saw a lawn mower that was on their site saying its available for pick up in store. i go in and they do not have that product. Long story short. they said they will order it to come to the store and i say ok.. I order it and pay for it on the spot. i wait two weeks as the delivery said it would take. called them and guess what. they didnt even tell the warehouse to ship it and apparently lowes doesnt even carry that product. why is it on the site then and why did you make me pay for. then i wait another 4 weeks calling every monday, wed, and friday cuz the guy keeps telling me its gonna come in on those trucks. for four weeks i did this.. and when i talked to the manager ray on the 6th week. he says im so sorry ill take care of you. when i finally recieved it yesterday and i asked for him to come. he didnt even bother, he called the guy and told em hes going out for lunch and he doesnt have time for that.. lost a customer and i wont be shopping here again. even if i have to pay 10 dollars extra im going to home depot to save time and frustration. this location sucks. plus home depot said they price match on the spot. even if you show them the online ad on your phone..
5	As much as I try to stay organized,  I cannot find my receipt for an item I purchased at Lowe's. It is such a relief. To have a no hassle no questions return policy. Customer service was so gracious refunding my money without a receipt. All that was needed was the credit card I placed my order with and issue the refund very quickly. Thank you Lowe's!
4	I first came in to this Lowe's for a furniture painting project. The paint department chick was super helpful in setting me up with everything I needed. Unfortunately, the spray on polyurethane and I didn't get along as planned so back to Lowe's I went (without my receipt) hopeful for credit on the one unused can. They gave me full credit for both cans and a new no nonsense set up for a second attempt at painting. Awesome.
5	I recently have started to shop at this lowes.  I am a big lowes fan.  I come into the store and right in customer service I hear a idiot of a customer arguing with the cashier about having to wait behind another customer is costing her to much time. She was angry because at customer service apparently three people in line is absurd and patience is no longer a virtue. To make a long story short.  I give five stars to the customer service lady for not flipping her wig.  I give the finger to those customers that feel complaining and being belligerent in a store is any else but annoying.
