4	Clean, organized as usual, customer service lacks personality.Needing to kill one entire hour, I decided to drop by this location and see what it was like. I've been to 2 other Goodwill locations in town and they're WAY over priced but I had the the time to kill so, why not!Found a couple books worth considering but passed bc I'm still weary making purchases from Goodwill Stores. I literally walked around the store browsing for 30 mins holding the books contemplating if I was going to purchase them. I read something on the internet about how a huge chunk of the money made by GW goes to the head honcho and not so much funding their "programs". Usually, I don't judge anything based on what I read on the internet but it was a pretty reliable article.Regret not buying the books- oh well.
2	Simple clean , friendly staff but the selection is not  that great
1	Do not even waste your time coming here. They have a large selection but it is all over priced ESPECIALLY for being a good will. You can honestly find better deals at Walmart.  If you do happen to find something you want, make sure it is with it because the line being 45 minutes long was not an exaggeration.This would be a great location if they lowered their prices. It's even 3x more expensive then other goodwill locations.
3	When you gotta cut some wedding budget corners, decor is what's gonna take a hit so I decided to try my luck at thrifting for some simplest of things - vintage old picture frames and old hard bound books for a shabby chic look. This store is central and really busy for a weekday afternoon. It's large and I can't speak for selection of all the things, but for me the frames were a bust and the books weren't too great. A lot of it were romance, old cookbooks and everyones copy of 50 Shades of Grey and Twilight.I found only 2 bound books to the price of $3 which isn't terribly bad. The lady at the register was super nice. Like all Goodwills, depends on the demographics of what you may get there. Perhaps I should go to neighborhoods near senior homes for a chance at really old books grammies been hoarding. It's not terrible, but it's not the best so I'll smack dab this store real middle of the road for thrifting.
3	This Goodwill is huge compared to the Ft Apache location. While I was only concerned with $.99 tags Monday when I went, I did find a pair of pants, pair of shorts and an awesome pair of good condition heels!! All for $3.00! Bargain! I can say that their dress selection was way out dated and mixed in with the prom dresses and wedding dresses and anything else that needs to hang up high. So I like how Ft Apache seperates them. But I love that I don't have to give dirty looks because I have to go two rows down to get to the end of the row I want to be in, to the rude people that consume the entire skinny isle like Ft Apache. Next time I go it will browse more and see if there digs are better.
3	Whenever you go to a thrift store, there's usually one section that shines: here, it's the shoes. Not everything was gold, but there were several like-new brand name shoes for low prices, and the majority of shoes were in good condition and not too out of date in terms of style. Lots of business wear shoes and a surprising selection of boots, too.Rest of the store was kind of lackluster. Large kid's clothing section,, more to the men's department than I usually see at places like this, and tons of kitchenware, but most of it was straight out of an 80s garage sale. If you need a fondue set, you'll find a few to pick from though.Women's clothing area has some good finds, and all items were clean. The Loft, Cost Plus World Market, and Anne Taylor brands were present, and a lot of dated and faded off-brand shirts. Pricing is a bit odd: some items were reasonable ($1-5 per clothing item seems about right IMO) but a $30 dress was a bit odd to find.Heads up, the women's clothing looks unorganized but all the sizes seem to be mixed together, which was such a headache I stopped looking.
1	For person that I am I do not shop so normally I do have to ask were things are all time customer service here is very bad.
4	Excellent store. This is by far the best Goodwill store in the area. There is lots of inventory and it is nicely organized. Lots of great deals. Karen signed us up for the VIP program, which allows us to find out about sales early, allows us in the store before normal hours, and gave us a $5 coupon.We will definitely be back to this location.
