5	I HATE DENTISTS.  There I said it.  However, if you have to go to a dentist, this is the one to use.  The staff is friendly, the Dentist is professional and friendly, and the equipment is state of the art.  I didn't even bite anyone's fingers (something that happened at a previous dentist) and my 8 year old didn't cry once.I would definitely go back!
5	This is a TERRIFIC office!  I only have experience with one of the dentists, Dr. Spelman, but I would have no worries with any one he works with in his office. Dr. Spelman is experienced, gentle, really and listens to you if you are having an issue with your teeth.  He helped me tremendously with an ill fitting bridge put in by another dentist around town (one of the places owned by a corporation).  Besides being friendly, the staff have been with the office for years.  That says a lot about the way a place is run and about the dentists. Having experienced staff makes a difference for how billing and your treatments are done. We have never felt pain after a cleaning with the hygienists, they are very in tune to you and check on you while doing any work.  It is SO comfortable and clean and actually, believe it or not, "homey" there. The staff and dentists really know what they are doing, and make you feel very welcome and like they have known you for years.
5	I CANNOT say enough wonderful things about Dr. Glynn and his staff. Our whole family has been going to him for dental care for as long as I can remember. He is kind and understanding and has made a few of my more serious dental needs an absolute breeze. I chipped my two front teeth on a Sunday and he opened the practice up just to treat me that day. Then when I decided to get veneers for a more permanent solution to my front teeth, he made them look amazing! I also love his staff, the front desk ladies are so sweet and helpful and Wendy is the best hygenist. You get to watch whatever TV you want as you get your teeth cleaned, it's worry-free!
5	Dr.spellman is great. I felt no pain during a filing and felt very comfortable. I'm not a fan of dentists, but he made me feel comfortable.
