5	FORGET OUTBACK!  Try some steak prepared by the natives from the land of BEEF!!!  (No it's not TX, no offense)  Having grown up in NYC, just relocated from Northern NJ, and being a true 'East Coast, NYC' girl, I miss the non-franchised, mom and pop restaurants and markets of my hometown.  So feeling a little homesick, we kept our fingers crossed, and ventured to this wonderfully authentic, attitude-free Argentine restaurant.  What a great surprise in the land of excess, glitz, and fake everything!  It's a modest, VERY casual dining place, with a deli and meat market.  The food was authentic, it's a family-owned and run establishment, and brought my honey back to the days he spent in beautiful Argentina.We started with beef empanadas and MATAMBRE.  The ENTRANA (pronounced 'entraanya'-skirt steak) was delicious, so was the BIFE DE CHORIZO ('beefeh deh choreezoh' - NY strip steak).  Their CHIMICHURRI is to die for.We finished the evening with some FLAN with DULCE DE LECHE.  The flan was a little disappointing, but not horrible.  After we paid the tab, we happily purchased a few items for our home enjoyment.  The traditional Argentine ALFAJORES were a delight.The portions are generous, the meats are fresh and prepared perfectly.  If you want to dine in a place where it doesn't matter if you're  wearing shorts and flip flops or a suit, this is the palce for you.Update:  I've gone back several times since writing the initial review and continue to be impressed.  I try a different dish each time and am never disappointed.
4	All I knew of Argentinan food was the famous Empanadas, the Beef, and the Chorizo.  All of those are available here and are Delicious.      My Argentine friends took me to this place and introduced me to great treats. We tried their saladas and two different Parrilladas.    The Parrilladas come with different types of grilled meats. Some I loved, and some were not for me. But it was great to try everything.     And yes, as Gianna mentioned below, The Chimichurri is awesome.Good service and very good food, plus you get to check out the deli and maybe take some treats to enjoy at home.
4	Holy lotsa meat, Batman!  I was looking to try something different in town so Argentinian food sounded damn good.  Had a couple of empanadas for the appetizer which were excellent.  We went for one of their mixed bbq grill plates which included filet mignon, short ribs, strip steak and what was called "flap meat" on the menu.  I asked the waitress if she could clarify "flap meat" but she was unable to.  All she said was "It's hard to explain..but it's good!". Fine..whatever.  I'll take the flap meat.The dinner tables are just on the sides of this meat market/deli place so no need to dress up.  A wife beater would be totally acceptable here.  The meat was pretty good.  Quite filling with just a small side of Spanish rice although it could've been all the bread we ate when we first sat down.  Its such a weakness of ours!  I have to stop with the damn bread before the main course!  ANYWAYS...good place.  Enough meat for another meal.  We had a box full of it which we plan on using for omlettes and soup.  And the waitress was right!  That was some good flap!
5	OVERALL RATING:Service: 4Decor: 3Food: 5Dog-friendly: No--------------------------------------------------Plus (+):Best Cuban sandwich I've had so far,Awesome chicken empanadas. The bread dipping sauce is great, Big portions,Inca Cola!Minus (-):None--------------------------------------------------If I lived in Vegas, I'd go here all the time!
4	Lomito Completo !  Yeah, you heard me, Lomito Completo ! I call it, Argentina's version of the Egg McMuffin.  But this sammie does a serious beat down on ronald mcdonald - BIG TIME !Now granted, the lomito cost $9 so it ain't a cheapo mcmuffin.  but you get a large pile of fries with it.  So what the hell is it ?!?!6" Baquette roll. 2 eggs, ham, provolone, filet mignon, lettuce tomato, etc - it's a biggie !!   the guy that took my order gave me a side of  Chimichurri and suggested i dip the sammie in the sauce .  It was very tasty but  i actually think it's an overload - not just the amount  of food, but it's taste overload.  the fact is, as tender as a filet can be, it ain't high on the flavor scale so the ham and egg were the dominant tastes and then when you dip it in the sauce - wow !It's funny that there is a sign outside the place - "italian deli"  - and yes, most of the deli meats and cheeses are italian.  But that's ok by me !I gotta hit this place again and try the mixed grills with the chimichurri sauce - YUMMY !!
4	There isn't a whole lot the argentine don't know about grilling and this restaurant is yet another tour de force of their abilities. The Parillada de Martin Fierro is the best of their cuts with Short ribs, Vacio, and of course Filet Mignon. The French fries provencal are not to be missed either with their liberal amount of garlic and parsley. If you leave here without trying chimichurri consider yourself lost.
4	Although I didn't try the grilled stuff as it was lunch and I didn't want to need a nap in the afternoon.. I did love my sandwich! Service was friendly although spotty if that makes sense. No complaints/raves here. Atmosphere is non-existant.. Sandwiches were reasonably priced and very tasty ($8ish). I had the steak rancho.. steak with red sauce and cheese.. mmmm. Fries were just ok. Fiance had  the cuban and enjoyed his as well. Portion sizes were generous, we both had trouble finishing our sandwiches. They are perfect for a big eater. We also started the meal with an empanada. This was freaking awesome. Highly recommend trying one ($1.95) while you're there. Beef, chicken, ham and cheese.. you can't go wrong.Free bread with chimchurri sauce was a diet killer, but a nice surprise from such a value priced casual type joint.
5	What is not to like about this food???Everything is good.. the mashed potatoes, salads, chimichurri, bread, and best of all the MEAT... so juicy all the time... My mouth is watering just thinking about it... Well worth it, not too much of a wait.. not fancy at all. MUST TRY THE ENTRANA.... i
4	Been to this place a handful of times when I was younger, and finally re-visited.We learned that the establishment has changed owners a few years back. They used to really be owned by this Argentinian guy, but got bought out by a very friendly Dominicanc Republic lady. The food is still good. If you go for dinner, try their grilled meats for two ($29.99). They have a lot of choices to offer..They also have a wine list, just ask for it.Overall good food, but the place needs a major face-lift. The inside has very dim lighting and the setup is kind of odd (mini mart + deli + restaurant). If you don't care about that and just want some good food this is the place to go to.
4	We had went to Cathay House for Dim Sum in this small little strip mall and when we were about to leave, I saw this little neon sign shining through the tinted windows of a deli selling Italian sandwiches and what did it say......  Could it be?  You know, it really was.  It was a Neon Beer Sign for one of my new favorite beers, Quilmes.  Very hard to find because it's actually a beer from Argentina.  I had actually tried one bottle from one of those "Beers of the World" packs just a couple months earlier and had been looking for it all over San Francisco but couldn't find it but all of a sudden, out of the blue, I just saw that little neon sign and all of a sudden "DAM, Ain't Life Good???"   We went in and bought a couple six packs to go, then noticed they had some deli foods so even though we were full from Dim Sum, we ended up trying some of their empenadas and some authentic desserts from Argentina.  This place actually seemed like an Italian themed Argentinian restaurant as they sold Prosciutto and Italian Sandwiches too.    So after trying thier snacks and dessert, they were indeed very tasty but it is really all about the Quilmes baby!!!
4	I've enjoyed every meal i've had here and can't leave without getting the grilled meats and Chimichurri. Don't expect a fancy atmosphere as in most places here in Vegas. Feels like im in SF, a whole in the wall deli, family owned with some tasty food.  Haven't tried there sandwiches yet but the Lomito sounds delicous. The empanadas were good but not the best i've had.
3	Screw Botero. If you want affordable Argentinian food with some kick as$ chimichurri eat here. It is a weird little place with its mix of mediocre food and  outstanding food but great for going off grid and trying something new.
3	I ordered the Lomito Completo , filet with ham, provolone cheese, tomato, lettuce with a fried egg. With an  order of fries on side. This sandwich is not cheap.at around $10+  However it is quite tasty, i wish the egg was not completely fried, Over easy would have been better. The chimichuri sauce is spectacular it brings out the flavor of any sandwich.The good thing about this sandwich is that 2 people can eat it because it is packed with lots of ingredients. I did not try the empanadas but it sure looks appetizing.Next time I come back will order a variety of entrees to try
5	If you go to Las Vegas, you must go off the beaten path to this truly authentic Argentinian eatery and market.La Parrillada es fenomenal!!!!The signature hibachi barbeques paired with a tossed salad and some potatos on the side are a family pleaser.  Their Mendoza wines are the perfect pair....
5	Excellent empanadas! I liked the beef and chicken more than the spinach because they had much more flavor. Mucho robusto! They're a bit on the small side, so if you're hungry, you'll want 3-4 probably. Ask for the chimichuri on the side (if you have an Altoids handy afterward. There's some live garlic in there.) The "Argentine BBQ" looked and smelled outstanding as it walked by on my empanada visit. That's a must next time, with a few friends. It's a "community" meal (around $30, lotsa meat), so for 2-4 people, is a good choice. Have to mention that the service was absolutely fantastic, friendly and warm. Felt like I was in my gramma and grampa's Italian deli back in the day. Go, eat, be happy.
5	I like to eat and I like chimichurri sauce.My gf found this place the last time we were in Vegas back in November '09 and I'm glad she did.  The place is located in a strip mall with plenty of parking.  When you walk in, there's nothing special about it - there's a huge deli case in front, a small market, and the restaurant (albeit small) is off to the left.  Although I don't remember what I ordered, I couldn't get enough of the chimichurri sauce; I was using it on everything from the bread to my dish.  I thought there was crack in the sauce it was so good.  On the way out I perused the deli case and the market checking to see if they had chimichurri for sale, which they did.  The chimichurri sauce is bottled in these big ass bottles similar to the Ball jars you might see in certain stores or restaurants.  I ended up getting a jar and used it for everything and anything when I got home.If you're ever visiting in Vegas, I would recommend this place instead of the traditional buffets everyone and their mom go to.  This is definitely the place I will be at the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	So tucked away in an unassuming strip mall in Chinatown, I am amazed at how much I love this place. The empanadas are all great, the beef and potato ones are perfect.Their chimmichurri sauce is like CRACK, but in a good addictive way that won't end up having you in jail. I think it could be spread on a car bumper and it would be delicious! (and so full of essential minerals to boot!)Their tableside BBQ is unique and very very tasty. I've gotten the mixed grill the 3 times i've been, and it's ALL good. Yes, even organ meat is good on it. (and i'm not a fan for except sweetbreads)A Vegas gem!
5	As a previous exchange student to Argentina, I was elated to find out about an Argentine restaurant in my home town! Of course, I went with high expectations my first visit and I have yet to be disappointed many trips later.Like many others have stated, the chimmichurri sauce is to die for. I always have to save room for my food! I love their milanesa con pure (with mashed potatoes) and their sandwiches. Even my - very gringo - dad loves their food; he doesn't like to try anything new.Although their flan is not the best I've had, the homemade alfajores (cookies with dulce de leche, or carmel, in the middle) taste like they're straight from my host mom's kitchen.You won't be disappointed!
5	I first reviewed Rincon when I'd just moved from the East coast.  Being of a carnivorous nature, I continue to go at least once a month to get my meat fix.  Rincon continues to deliver the juiciest, most flavorful steaks.  Their empanadas (pastry stuffed with beef, chicken or spinach) are heavenly, I even pick up a few packages of the pastry discs needed to make some at home.  I'd make my own chimichurri, but why bother?  You can pick up a jar to take with you.  They make it there, and I doubt it could taste any better anywhere else.  And if dulce de leche (creme caramel) is your thing, try some of the fresh ALFAJORES, shortbread cookie sandwiches held together by dulce de leche, then rolled in shaved coconut... hmmm... may have to take a drive today...
4	If you are looking for something new, Rincon is a great place.  It has everything from a deli with wonderful cheeses, olives and other items you rarely see any where esle to a small mart where you can buy good quality olive oil and especially malta(goes good with rum).  They do have a menu to order from with a few tables.  My wife and I love to go in for a quick grab n go lunch.  We usually order the Empanadas and grab a couple of maltas to go.  They staff is always very helpful and nice.  Also in you are into soccer, its a great place to go on a weekend to have a sit down lunch and watch a game or two.  Again, if you are looking for something new, check this place out.  Oh yeah, try the chimmichurri, its awsome(you can buy a jar for like 5 bucks(well-worth it)
4	While living in Tempe for school I made several trips out to Vegas. Obviously getting out of boring old Phoenix was a must, but I am talking about driving all the way just for Rincon De Buenos Aires.This place has great variety especially to those unfamiliar with Argentine cuisine. Their empanadas were exactly how I remember them to be when I lived down in Argentina. I was so over joyed when I learned that the owners made their own chimichurri sauce. I ordered pretty much one of many things and a bunch of empanadas. All of the stuff I had was great.I would love to make another visit soon.
5	Oh man, how we love Rincon de Buenos Aires! When you walk in the door of this very unassuming little restaurant/deli/mercado, you'd never expect that this restaurant is home to some of the best asado outside of South America...and it is. I haven't had morcilla or molleja this legit since I spent a summer in Uruguay, and it's a good bet that I won't find its equal anywhere else.Rene and Mariano always take great care of us; they make sure that bread and chimichurri are never in short supply, and that drinks are always full. The Noquis (gnocchi) are heavenly, especially with the rosado sauce. Tasty, baked empanadas. A half of one lomito completo sandwich will bust my gut - filet mignon sandwich with cheese, lettuce, tomato, ham, and a fried egg. And then, if you drink yerba mate, they have a great selection of brands that you can buy by the kilo. We're talking Canarias and Cruz de Malta, for 6 dollars. No $8 ten oz bags of fru-fru whole-foods mate here! To sum up - this is our favorite restaurant in all of Las Vegas.  Eating dinner here was my brother's only request when he came to visit from Austin, TX. Tell your friends!
4	I heard this was the place to go for some good empanadas, there empanadas were faboulously delicious i happened to get there right when they were finished making them and grabbed a couple beef, dip them in the chimmi churri sauce and OMG they r to die for. I can not wait to go back here and try some of their other items on the menu.
5	This place was great. A true hidden Argentine treasure. Everything was fantastic.
4	meat meat meat meat meat....DAMMIT! whatta time to give up red meat. So I ordered mariscos.....but everyone around me got MEAT! There was just too much of it to go to waste. So my senses took over and like the natural carnivore that I am, I ravaged a juicy piece of filet mignon!The popular section on the menu is the Parrilladas or Argentinean BBQ. Its great because you can SHARE! $34 a plate?...yea, you better share!You can get short rib, skirt steak, filet mignon, sausage, flap meat, and sweat bread!!!Sweat bread is something that I have been hearing a lot of lately, so I was pleasantly surprised to see it on the menu and really wanted to try to eat it. So how does it taste? Like chicken of course!! However, it had a little hint of a fried egg - texture and look is like that of cooked chicken.They present the meats on its own grill, still cooking - so you smell all the smoky goodness right in front of you. Served with a basket of bread and chimichurri sauce which is to die for.The empanadas are good...all of them are good - beef, chicken, spinach, and potato!You have to drink it down with the local beer, Quilmes. It's a light lager, leaning towards the sweet side. It compliments nicely next to all the grilled meat. Washes it all down without distracting the flavor. Don't want red meat, get Mariscos Buenos Aires - its squid, shrimp, clams, and scallops in a light garlic, tomato, and wine sauce. Seafood was good, but it was the first time that I had seafood in a tomato sauce. I guess, I was thinking it was going to be more garlic and creamy. But for the most part it was good. Would I get it again? Not unless I had an ulcer or turned vegetarian. The restaurant is definitely known for their red meat.Not only is this place a restaurant, but it's also a deli and a super small market. Mainly offering cheese & meats that you would typically find for South American Latin cooking.
4	location: inside an argentine deli/marketmeal: dinner, it was empty so they easily seated all 15 of us or so...ordered: parillada and empanadasrecommend: both! but the parillada meat was a bit overcooked (probably because the grill was still hot and it continued to cook even after it was served to us)...next time i'll ask for rare. the empanadas were tasty. next time, i'm going to order some to go!cons: they had a difficult time cutting individual checks for us. i think we waited over an hour to get our checks.
3	We yelped and we yelped. So we decided on this new adventure. How can you have an Argentinian restaurant amidst Chinatown...? I did get a kick out of it.To cut a long story short, the service sucked and the foods was American. Obviously we only had a small selection to base on... forgot to try the sweet bread.I had the BBQ grill with 3 kinds of steaks... Fillet Mignon, skirt, and flat. It's all tasted good, with American flavor. Can't tell what's so special about the taste. The meats were slightly overdone... in most cuts here. And the portable hot grill plate (where the meat was served on the table) kept them cooking even further. For the price, there was no side dishes... but you certainly can order a la carte... French fries $3.95 and mixed salad $4.95.My friend order Fillet Mignon. He loved it. It was missing some cooked vegetables on the plate but he didn't complain. It came with a medium size mixed dinner salad (I thought medium size fries was included... we did not order it but it was brought to the table and we got charge for it) for $17.95. It was harder to swallow under the circumstance.It came with free breads and strong garlic olive oil for dipping. I used it on the salad too. Not bad. The Argentinian tea (in a tea bag) was interesting and not bad, but not much different than regular herbal tea on my not-so-subtle tongue.A boxing game (Khan and Maidona) was being streamed live from Mandalay bay. It was not very crowded. Our server was very friendly but communication was not the best. And worse, she was watching the game more than attending to our needs. The bus boy did a better job to get us hot water to refill tea, and bread basket.My friend loved the food experience overall. It's OK for me.So diners, enjoy some American dishes (the other was mainly Americanized Italian). Service can be spotty. Make sure you double check your order for extra foods and unexpected charges.
4	My bf and I get lunch here from time to time and love the #34 Lomito Completo - Fillet Mignon cooked to your taste with provolone cheese, ham, fried eggs, lettuce, tomato, and mayo. This is definitely a great sandwich and can be shared by two people and be fully satisfied. It comes with fries and this green dressing that taste awesome with the sandwich. This I give 5*'s. Today, we also ordered their potato salad. I thought this would be a great addition to the sandwich. First bite in to it there really isn't any taste until after swallowing. The fishy after taste creeps in immediately. I thought it was probably because I am recovering from a flu but after a few more bites, I couldn't handle it anymore. It almost tasted like it was made with old gross fish. Even my bf made a comment about it. I will definitely not get it again. This I give no stars. Hence the total of 4*'s.
5	This place is awesome!They have homemade chimichurri! Milanesa! Empanadas! Alfajores! They even have Pomelo!I stopped by this place a few times when I would drive from Phoenix up to SLC. Everytime I have made the pit stop to Rincon De Buenos Aires it has always been a real treat. Friendly people and great food.If you are not familiar with Argentine cuisuine then let me recommend that you give this place a visit.
4	I am very pickey when it comes to Italian Delis food due to being of mixed black and italian. lol  decent and enjoy finding the "real thing". Rincon De Buenos Aires is The Real Thing.....love the food, atmosphere and the people. It's a great place to eat or just go and have their delicious.
5	Rincon de Buenos Aires is a very nondescript shop that can easily get lost in the noise of china town.  The first thing you see when looking a the shop is a bunch of different signs that say deli, bakery and finally the name of the business.  But, on to the show!As usual, when I go to a restaurant for the first time, I try to try as many items on the menu as possible without physically getting ill.  So this journey included the chicken empenada, beef milanesa sandwich and finally the skirt steak, and oh the chimichurri sauce...So the bread with chimichurri sauce they serve is no joke.  At first you take a little nibble of bread with a light dip in the sauce.  If you aren't careful, you be soon asking for bread by the ton and taking chimichurri shooters off a hooker.  The chimichurri sauce is THAT DAMN GOOD.  But, don't let the chimichurri seduce you into getting full.  You have to try other things.The chicken empenada was moist, with great spices and flavor all mixed into the shredded chicken.  The milanesa was the only underwhelming item I tried, but a healthy dose of chimichurri sent the sandwich overboard.The star of this adventure was definitely the skirt steak.  Easily, one of the top four steaks I have had to date.  I ordered it medium rare and it was cooked perfectly, with a charred-spice crust on the outside, perfectly pink inside, and ohh soo tender and juicy.  The skirt could easily stand on its own with out ANY extras, but the addition of a bit of the chimichurri, and boom, you may need to clean up your pants.  Instant orgasm.Grab a cab and take an adventure to China Town in Vegas for this amazing gem of a restaurant.
4	Gotta love the choripan! Great milanesa as well. It's where I get my bbq on. Love it.
4	4 1/2 stars!What a little gem! You will not be dissapointed with luch here!Me, Dad, and Hubs stopped in for lunch after a recomendation from a coworker.  It is a silly little place.  It's really more of a shop/deli counter but there are about 10-12 tables to dine at too.  I don't know a whoel lot about Argentinian food, but I do know they do empanadas and beef!We started with two empanadas, 1 beef, and 1 spinach.  Flaky, flavorful and tasty.  Beef was the winner.  They serve crusty bread with a nice dish of chimmichurri.  Excellent. The bread is crunchy so you can really soak up at that oily garlicky herby goodness.  We all chose a hot sandwich served with french fries.  I had a delectable sandwich (can't remember the name) but denoted with a star as a favorite.  It was steak, ham, provolone, fried egg, lettuce and tomatoes on a baguette.  It was awesome.  Dad had the choripan.  It was an argentinian sausage sliced on a baguette with chimmichurri.  Very good, and a bargain at only $6.50 for a 9' sandwich with a pile of fries.  My husband had the sweetbread sandwich.  He was in heaven.  Swears they were the best sweetbreads he has ever had.  He raved....5 stars!!!  He also tried the local brew - Quilmes - he wasn;t a fan but understood how they must go down easy on a hot day.  We took home some sandwich halves and extra fries.  Bill was $44 for 2 sodas, 2 beers, 2 empanadas, and 3 sandwiches with leftovers for later.Delicious!! Server was super cute, nice, helpful, and friendly too! We will definitely go back for a killer lunch.
4	Que Rico!!!Mmm the empanadas. I'm so glad I eat chicken now because they are mouth watering. Being Argentinian, it would be super embarrassing if I were unable to enjoy some of the amazing dishes this place has to offer.  Its still embarrassing that I don't eat beef but whatever.  (I do stare at people eating milanesas longingly, I'm sure its creepy) I enjoy the pastries the most and sometimes if I'm driving in china town I'll pop in and grab a delicioso dulce de leche alfajor or three. There aren't many authentic south american places in town, and there aren't ANY Argentinian delis at all..so yeah I guess this is one of your only options. Soo, it's probably a good thing that it is AWESOME. Go!
4	Three of us went to Rincon a week ago, for a late lunch, after reading reviews about it. The place is in the Cathay Hills Chinese all, a few blocks west of the center of China Town, comfortable and service is good. We ordered the parillada for two people (the one that has skirt steak, ribs, sweet bread, chicken and sausage), a beef tongue and also a Greek salad. For drinks we had Quilmes beer. That was plenty of food for three people, but amazingly we finished it all, with more help later from glasses of house red wine.We especially liked the grilled sweet bread. It is a little crunchy from grilling, tasty with a chargrill aroma, not mushy like in upscale French dishes. The skirt steak was very good too. We ordered it medium rare. It came slightly on the rare side, but because the grill has burning charcoal underneath, everything continues to cook at a slow pace, so the skirt steak became perfect just when we finished it. The ribs are so-so, not very good cut. Chicken is good, and sausage is tasty. But the best was the sweet bread. Oh, I liked the ox tongue as well. It was covered with chimichurri sauce. Oh yes, we ate so much bread before the grill came, because of the chimichurri sauce. It was good.We recommend this place for people who go to Las Vegas and want something different from the buffets and Chinese food. We will go there again the next time we are in Vegas.
5	LOVE this place! We went on recommendation of an Argentine friend. What a treat! A definite stop each time we pass through Vegas!
4	Man, let me tell ya. My sister lived in Argentina for a year and a half and she is obsessed with it. So, when we found this place she was very excited to go and show me some of the food she fell in love with while there. When I first went in I was terrified cuz, lets be honest, its kind of a grungy dark place. But we sat down and got some bread with the chimichurri sauce and I was hooked. I cant tell you how good that stuff is. If I didnt think that I would get a horrible case of the runs I would pour it on my ice cream and stir it into my drinks.We got some milanesas and empanadas and they were AMAZING! The empanadas were so delicious that I often find my mind drifting to the wonderful moments where I placed the fine morsels of food on my tongue and remembering how my tongue had never felt more loved than at that moment. I recommend this place to everyone. The owner is amazingly nice and the food is fantastic.
4	beef and chicken empenadas, cuban and steak sandwichs, bread and chimichurri crack sauce...oh my!They have a small market and deli full of meats for the go as well!Great local place.  An Argentinian star in China town.
4	Great place. Take someone and try the meal for two with various types of meat. It's worth it. Also, they a have a different kind of potato salad, but it's pretty damn good. Everyone there is real nice, and you can buy anything they serve from the deli.
4	Great Argentine food in Vegas!Rincon has my favorite sandwich of all time!  The Lomito Completo!They also do great steaks and sausage.  They have good salads, empanadas, and incredible chimichurri sauce--the best thing you've ever poured on a sandwich, portioned on a bite of steak, and dunked your fries into (all-in-one sauce!)The atmosphere can leave something to be desired...it's not bad, just casual and a little like a small cafeteria.  Service is usually good, but has been off when crowded on more than one occasion.
4	We arrived for dinner about 7:45pm and was surprised that there were so many people in the restaurant.  Almost all the tables were full.  The atmosphere was very jovial and the noise level was comparable to any Chinese restaurant (loud).  We ordered the Ensalada Bueno Aires and their Parrillada (grilled meat platter) with a extra order of chicken breast.  I also had to try their chicken empanada.  The filling was quite good, but I wasn't too crazy about the crust.  The salad had heart of palms, roast red peppers, red onions, boiled eggs, tomatoes and romaine lettuce in it.  It was huge and very refreshing.  For $7.99 it was a good deal.  The meat platter was also a good deal.  It came with two pieces of short ribs, two skirt steaks, a piece of fillet mignon, a piece of flap meat and our additional piece of chicken breast.  The short ribs were a little tough, but the rest of the meats weren't bad.  For less than $40, we had it was quite a feast with all those meats. Their chimcurri dip that came with our bread was also good.   Although this is not my usual fare, I quite enjoyed this change in taste.
4	The lomito completo is officially my favorite sandwich. If you're up for a new adventure try the blood sausage and sweetbreads. Very good. I've tried the ham and cheese and the corn empanadas. Both were excelllent. Service is quick and friendly. They close at 9:30, so get there early.
4	Mmmmmmm yummy!  This place has a good chimichurri!!Cute little Argentine deli/restaurant with a great menu  :)  The ham and cheese empanada was DELISH!!  I enjoyed it with a hearts of palm salad -- Very generous with the hearts of palm here  :)We also ordered a choripan sandwich and even though I was busy enjoying my amazingly yummy empanada I was about THIS CLOSE to snatching that choripan sandwich right off my friend's plate -- It looked great!!I would be here all the time if I lived closer  :)
4	Food was amazing. Empanadas, sausage and a monte cristo. So good!
3	A nice little deli, if not a little over priced in some aspects.  That said, the staff is very kind and if you're looking for fast comfort food then this place is definitely worth a look.
5	Sweetbreads! Grilled two different ways. Fantastic. I felt like I was back in BA sitting at the port area..Well worth the taxi ride.
4	I came here to eat with my family on Wednesday and I'm a HUGE fan of this place, not just becasue its pretty much the only Argentinean restaurant in Vegas but because they actually have great food. Their Chimichurri is DELISH!! For an afternoon lunch, I recommend their sandwiches with a cafe con leche, which is yummy. I usually order their hot pastrami sandwich or the especial churrasco. My man loves their Lomito completo sandwich. The empanadas are very good too just a little too much for such a small empanada because they cost 2.25 each and I just think they should be a little bit less.For dinner they have the Parrillada which is just delicious, I highly recommend it. Only thing is, that in my opinion its a little expensive since it doesn't come with any sides, just the meat. Overall its a nice little Argentinean restaurant/deli and the staff is very friendly which makes people want to go back and thats definitely a plus.
4	I love this place and go often. It is true what they say, these empanadas are freaking amazing!! The meats are crazy good. Chimmichuri is mouth watering to be sure. I personally am in love with the lomito and ensalda russa. chicken, sausage, flap meat, filet mignon. you can't go wrong.
5	BEST PLACE! I took my husband here for his birthday and boy was he so happy! Our food was amazing. We got a chicken empanada, meat platter (grill) for 2, and my son chicken fingers and dolche dessert! We had left overs too;) The meat was soo good, the platter came with 2 filet mignon, chicken breasts, sausage, two stack of short ribs, and wow delicious!  GO, YOU WILL BE SO HAPPY!
5	Awesome! Hands Down! If you want to chow down some good steak meat, this is the place to go!!!!!! we came here and had the Argentine BBQ grill. There were 2 beef short ribs, 2 fillet mignon, 1 flap meat and 1 steak skirt on our grill. There were total 6 big pieces of meat! And we got them medium well. The meat quality was very good, soft and juicy. We were so satisfied. We also had a beef empanada on the side. It's good as well. At the end, the server gave us a free alfajores to try. It was tasty too. Everything we've eaten there was so good. I would rather come here instead of a steakhouse when craving for a good steak. So good with a reasonable price!!!!! Will come again and again!
5	This place is too good. Service is amazing. Meat parilladas are perfect. The chimichurri sauce goes well on everything. Wine, beer, deli, desserts, all you need. Too good.
3	The restaurant didn't look promising. Located in a nondescript strip mall, it looked like a deli lunchroom. We took a chance and were rewarded with a friendly neighborhood atmosphere and good food. We ordered a medley of beef cuts, including skirt steaks and short ribs. The wonderful chimichurra sauce made the meal a winner.
3	Huge menu, which does not make me feel like the place uses the freshest ingredients, but the food is executed pretty well.  They have pretty flat out awesome sandwiches, that wont break the bank and are a welcome shake up in flavor from other places in the area.  Its worth a shot, and if you dont dig it, you will only be set back about 12 bucks, which unless your a bum is not big deal...so go!
5	Sweetbreads! Yum.
5	DELICIOUS!We had the antipasto appetizer for 2, which could easily be for 3. The salami and prosciutto were very fresh and thinly sliced and the cheeses were sharp and tasty.  Potato salad with peas carrots and eggs was the bomb. We also had the pollo balsamico sandwich. Very thin, perfectly grilled chicken that tastes like it just came off the BBQ.  GREAT LUNCH EXPERIENCE. Staff was extremely attentive and friendly. Can't wait to come back again!P.S.  The unlimited bread with amazing chimichurri sauce was the BEST part of the meal.
5	If you want the best sandwich ever try the Lomito Completo at here. Filet Mingon with Provolone, Ham, LTM & M, topped with a Fried Egg. My, oh, my. This is s spot for my Dining & Vining MeetUp for sure! Yep, I'm coming back and inviting 200 people (only 20 or so will show though). I have to try the Argentinia Grill. We had empanadas and the grilled fish along with the sandwich. Fish could use improvement. This place has a cool little market attached where you can get local Argentina stuff.
4	We visited this restaurant last night on a whim, having decided to just drive through Chinatown and find a place that looked interesting. We made it all the way to Koreatown on Spring Mountain before we decided to backtrack and try out the "Argentinian' place.Since we weren't particularly hungry, we thought that we'd just peruse the menu and pick out a few appetizers. As soon as we saw the guarana and the Belgium-made mango juice, we realized that this wasn't an ordinary deli/restaurant. My son had the lasagna, which he enjoyed, and the rest of us shared the Parrillada Martin Fierro, which was one of the shared BBQ options. The meat was a little better than average, which is probably why it's priced so "reasonably", but what really sold it was the fragrance wafting from the cooker plunked down in front of us. That, in combination with the free flowing bread and chimichurri sauce, made it an enjoyable experience that we look forward to replicating in the future.We were too full by the end of our meal to try out any of the desserts, but they did look delicious.
5	I have been here several times now and have never been disappointed. My favorite sandwich is the lomito completo, a filet mignon sandwich which I would recommend. Also don't forget to save room for quite possibly the best flan you've ever tasted.  The service is always fantastic and attentive.
5	Upon trying out Rincon, I immediately was greeted by one of the nicest waitresses! She was helpful and continuously made sure everything was great. The food was delicious, I had the garlic fries and steak sandwich with fried egg (forgot the name).  The bread they initially serve with the oil and seasoning is a delightful appetizer...and everything is in huge portions! I will be back to try everything on the large menu - it all looks mouth watering!
3	Have you ever go to an establishment that your friend reccomended and then you realised that your friend dont live up to your standard? Well thats what happened here. My colleague were telling me to try rincon de buenos aires for their special steak for 2 and that the restaurant was romantic and stuff. I arrived at a deli and it feels absolutely weird and non romantic at all. We ordered the food that my friend told me to ordered. Which is paierlla something martin fierro. A bunch of combination of meat for $34.99. I was expecting some magical steak with some argintenian sauce that I dont know about since I am a food connoiseur and I would like to be blown away.I wasnt expecting just bunch of low quality meat put on a charcoal based pan seared only with seasalt. I can do that myself thanks very much.So suffice to say I am very dissapointed having to spend $60 for lunch and its not something that I honestly happy about. Service was good and attentive but its a one and done for me.
5	Argentina..the land of the beef , good soccer and the home of the super hot Italian looking girls that have that latino flavor. Yes..you can say Im a big fan of their country, food and of course woman,This spot is legit. Owned, managed and operated by argentinians. Nice people, very personable and super sweet. From the guy behind the counter , to the lady in the cashier this place rocks. And their service is great as well. You are welcomed fast, serviced faster and catered the same way.Their steak sandwich is to die for, and if you never tried morcila(blood sausage) this is the place to do it. If argentinians have mastered something , is soccer and BBQ. This guys can cook the steak, sausage , etc so perfect that its an orgasmic experience. Trust me ..try it. Go all out on the cow!If you don't feel like a whole big meal, you can order sandwiches and also empanadas . Both of them OWN. They packed them with meat so you get a lot of flavor from every bite. Try a "triple de miga" or an "empanada de carne"You like garlic? You like oil? Like flavor? Add TONS of chimichurri to whatever you are eating. Don't get the fancy packed one..ask them about their home made chimichurri .I tell people that God came down on the 8th day and created chimichurri . That's how good it is .There not a single person that have tried it that didn't like it. Mix it with everything, most likely you will get addictedOn the right side of the place there are a couple counters and refrigerators where you can buy sodas, and products from southamerican countries. Don't expect a huge selection, but more of the "top 3" from each country. Pretty convenient if you want to take some stuff home.I like this place and its one of its kind. Good people, central location,good food, good service and good prices .If you want to experience the whole thing..try to go when argentina is playing an important soccer game, or a night where they are playing tango. You will enjoy it .
5	Awesome! Hands Down! The best argentine meet ever!
3	i usually order the skirt steak with fries.  it's usually good but once in a while the meat is lower quality.  the chimichurri is fantastic and the local beer is good.
1	dont deliver then don't offer it ... thats all i have to say
5	Did somebody say meat? Argentina...the home of Messi and great steaks with chimichurri, how can I resist Rincon De BA?Located along Spring Mountain somewhere in Chinatown, you'll find this unassuming place.  It's in the same complex as Cafe de Japon and Cathay House.  They have a few tables and there was only 1 server when we went here - he did try his best to provide good service to all the diners so I can't fault him for that.We were given a basket of bread with an amazing cup of chimuchurri on the side.  That's it, end of review!  But wait, I still have to share the other fantastic parts of the meal.  We had the empanadas (a beef, a chicken and a spinach) which were yummy.  I liked the chicken empanada the most.  The crust wasn't as crisp as the Spanish empanadas I'm used to but the filling was great.  We also got the parrillada Martin Fierro (short ribs, filet mignon, skirt steak and flap meat) with a side of papas fritas de provenzal (garlic fries).  The meats were so tender, juicy and packed with flavor then dip it in chimichurri?  Oh my goodness!  Intense tastebud experience!  The papas fritas were warm, crisp and garlicky.For dessert I finished a mixto flan by myself.  The syrupy flan kind of looks strange but it's good.  It came with a side of crema chantilli and dulce de leche.  Eating the flan wih the dulce de leche was divine!This Real Madrid fan gives Rincon De Buenos Aires 5 stars (even though Messi's our rival)!
5	Superior service, hostess was fantastic as well. And that wasn't even the best part. The food was amazing. Put chimichurri sauce on everything. Seriously!
5	A co-worker of mine recommended this place to me. She's FROM Argentina, so when she told me that this place is IT, I whole-heartedly trusted her. The place is located on Spring Mountain in a little plaza called Cathay Hills. Yes, it's where Cathay House is located. If you love dim-sum, then I'm sure you've eaten there.  But I'm not reviewing dim-sum right now so moooooving oooooon....This place is located on the left side of the plaza and it's half restaurant, quarter deli, and a quarter supermarket. I haven't really looked around the other half of the place because I immediately sit down and am completely eager to get served the DELICIOUS chimichurri that they place on your table, with white toasty bread. I have NEVER had chimichurri in my life and I feel like my life really hadn't been complete before tasting the vinegary, olive oily, garlic-y sauce of the Gods. I literally slathered it on every single thing I had on my plate. It's been a few months since I've been there, so forgive me for not remembering what the official names of the dishes we've ordered are. Their empanadas always taste like they JUST rolled them out and filled them like 4 minutes before they served them to you. Fresh. Flavorful. Delicious. You have to order them. I know we've had their steak sandwich. The meat is really tender and I have no idea what they marinate their meat in, but it's amazing. SLATHER on the chimichurri and you're DONE. I've ordered a breaded steak with a FRIED EGG on top. The steak was tender and flavorful and if I remember correctly, in between the steak and the breading was some sort of garlic and parsley mixture that just sent this whole dish on another level of decadence and to top it of with a fried egg? I. CAN'T. EVEN. (my mouth is filling up with saliva as I type this.) I know we've had some french fries (came with the sandwich), which are pretty standard but AGAIN, dip them in that chimichurri and the whole thing just livens up. It's no longer a simple potato stick. It's a hotter, sexier and more flavorful potato stick that the other potato sticks whistle and gawk at while it walks on the side of the road, wind blowing in its luscious potato stick hair. (don't know where that came from.)Their flan is pretty tasty and they serve sodas like Inca Cola to make your meal extra authentic, lol :D soooooo deliciously creamy and bubbly.The service is always SUPER friendly and home-y and I swear, every time I go there, the waitresses are always laughing with and talking to at least two other patrons that they are either REALLY close friends with or their hospitality is just THAT amazing. I HIGHLY recommend this place. It's a hole-in-the-wall that deserves lots of LOOOOVE! go there for lunch. or dinner. just go. NOW!
5	I ate here while attending a conference. After reading lots of very positive reviews I decided to check it out. What a great find. Thanks Yelp reviewers!We tried a bottle of the house wine. It was around ~$20. I've paid close to that for a glass in other places in Vegas. To my delight it was terrific. By the way, once you cross into Chinatown side of Vegas you have to check because many of the restaurants do not have a liquor license. I usually like to enjoy beer or wine with dinner.There were 4 of us in the party and we shared 1 pasta dish and the grilled family style meats. It is served still on the mini grill. The meats were tender and cooked perfectly. The "restaurant" also is a meat deli and you can buy the meats to take home.The wait staff was also excellent. We never felt rushed and our party enjoyed a long discussion with food served at a perfect pace.
5	So glad that there is an Argentinian restaurant in Vegas. Being that my family is from Argentina I am used to home cooked Milanesa, Empanadas, ribs etc. Although this place has no luster to it, the food is so close to home cooking its awesome. From Alfajores to Flan all the treats are there too. Its a Deli/Restaurant which makes it convenient if you want to take some meat or other Argentinian snacks home with you. Overall great tasting food with good prices and will have me coming back in the future.
4	My first Argentine experience and it was delicious!!  This place is a restaurant, deli and small supermarket.  I had the Lomito Completo sandwich with filet mignon, cheese, ham, fried egg, lettuce, tomato and some mayo for good measure.  Not something I typically would order, but I was told it was awesome, so I went for it!  And it most certainly was!  Another friend had the Especial Milanesa sandwich (thin sliced chicken, breaded with a sauce) which was also very delicious, but I like mine better!  Boss had the seafood soup which was the soup of the day and he said it was great too.  We started out with a couple empanadas - beef, corn, potato and all three were yummy!!  One star knocked off for their pizza - our friend who ordered it said it tasted frozen, not good at all.  And in hindsight, we didn't see anyone tossing or maneuvering dough!  Stay away from the pizza unless you're a frozen pizza kind of person! There's quite a few Italian dishes on the menu, some Cuban too.  The menu is pretty large.  The service is top notch, very friendly, helpful and refills came around very timely too.   The bread with olive oil and herbs/spices that they serve before the meal is really good -- I love the herbs n oil, delish!!  I noticed they sell it bottled in their deli section too.I'm happy to have found this gem, who know??  But I'll be back, there's so many other things I'd love to try!
4	We just had an early dinner tonight and I would recommend this place to friends and family.  My boyfriend, who is somewhat picky at what restaurant to eat at, was happily  surprised and enjoyed our experience.  The restaurant is very clean, and inviting.  The staff was very friendly.  It wasn't that busy at 430pm but at about 6 pm'ish people started to come in.  We started off with 3 empanadas (beef, chicken and spinach).  We both agreed that the beef and chicken was very good.  Spinach was good, to me. My boyfriend doesn't like spinach too much, anyway.  We also ordered the Ensalada del Chef.  It's very large - I think it can feed 4 people with nice portions on each plate.  It had everything on it:  deli meats, peperocinos,  slices of hard boiled eggs, julienne slices of carrots, slices of olives, thin slices of red onions....etc etc.   And, was very good.  The dressing they give is is just a light balsamic and olive oil that you mix yourself.  Not sure if they have other flavored dressings but then, we didn't ask.  We were okay to just use what was given to us.  For entree, I had the Mariscos Buenes Aires and I enjoyed it.  The red wine sauce was savory and sweet.  There was squid in the recipe and gladly it was very tender and not chewy.  My boyfriend ordered the Salmon Grillado.  He enjoyed it.  I tasted a bite of the salmon and also the parmesan potatoe side that came with it.  It was yum.  The salmon was a good long piece of fillet.  Nothing special about the salmon, though. No special seasonings or anything.  I can make it better at home but it is a nice serving of a fish.  Add the chimichurri sauce and it enhanced the flavor!!  :)For dessert I ordered the Flan, waitress recommended, and, my boyfriend ordered the Panquesques dulce de leche (which we took to go).  I am glad we did because the Flan was a big serving!  I had flan before but this recipe was outstanding!  It was served with a side of whip cream and 3 dollops of carmel.  OMG!   YUM YUM YUM!!  I wanted to take a pic of it but both of our phones were in the car.  I liked that presentation of it.  :)  Can't tell you yet on the Panquesques - we are relaxing from the dinner still.  :)AND, lastly but not forgotten - the chimichurri sauce was awesome!   You could put this sauce on anything and it would be great.  My boyfriend put some of it on his salmon and it was yummy!   Soooo gooood!!!  For drinks I had the Inka Cola - cool and refreshing.  It is sweet like a vanilla root beer like taste but yellow in color. :)))  My boyfriend ordered a Heineken at first and his second beer he took the suggestion of the waitress and ordered the Quilmes.  He said the Quilmes was very tasty.  They have a deli section filled with meats, desserts, sauces, sandwiches and also a store towards the back where you can buy the chimichurri sauce, Argentinian wine, candy, flour, dulce de leche sauce, carmel sauce,  etc etc.   It was a nice set-up.My family is visiting in 3 weeks, I would definately take them here.  But we will be ordering the Argentinian meat barbecue!!!  :))))   I have had this before and it was yum, as well.
5	A best-kept locals' secret. If the tourists ever find this place there's going to be a situation!
4	Great food and atmosphere. Chimichurri is addictive, especially with the empanadas. I usually get the Cuban sandwich which hasn't disappointed yet. The steaks are good as well as the Parillada combinations. That is a great experience it itself if you have a group of people. Great place to go for different reasons - a sandwich for lunch, a date night for steak/pasta or a good place to go with family and have a nice conversation over a great meal. You never feel rushed and it's a bonus that they carry Argentinian products like mate and all the accessories.
2	I have been craving Argentine food since returning from Buenos Aires in March.  I finally made it over to Rincon de Buenos Aires.  I was very disappointed overall.The ambiance was cute-- it's part deli, part restaurant, and part grocery.  Service was warm and friendly.  I was happy to be able to buy some alfajores (dulce de leche cookies) to take home.  I also appreciated their selection of South American sodas.Unfortunately, the food just wasn't very good.  One of the things I crave more than anything is a provoleta.  This is provolone cheese seasoned with oregano and then grilled.  The provoleta here was small and tasted like it came out of a microwave.  It was sad and boring.The empanadas I tried (we ordered one of each variety) were all blah.  The steak was a huge disappointment.  It was like an average supermarket steak that hadn't been properly cooked or seasoned.  It was grilled unevenly and the chimichurri was bland and boring.I would not go back to Rincon de Buenos Aires unless I were just picking up items from the grocery selection.
4	Argentinian food is amazing in general. Here, it is spectacularly and accessibly well done while still being authentic. Head here with a friend or date and split a dish for a light lunch.Highest of recommendations for the lomito completo sandwich, prepared with filet mignonette and a fried egg. It's the bomb. It's served with pommes frites that are perfectly crisp on the outside and soft on the inside, with just the right amount of salt. In addition to these two spectacular items, you are served a house baguette with chimmichurri sauce. The bread is good preparation for what to expect for your sandwich- a roll that is simultaneously crunchy outside, and soft inside without being undercooked, or doughy. The chimmichurri sauce is phenomenal, and great to dip your frites in as well.Lastly, I cannot recommend the house sangria enough. It is made on site and is the perfect blend of fruit juices and wine to make a strong alcoholic yet palatable drink that you can probably drink endlessly. I know I did. A pitcher will get you six glasses, FYI. Service was top notch, our server was attentive and helpful, and available without being annoying, it didn't hurt that he was also good looking.
5	You will be pleasantly surprised from when you enter. The ambiance is inviting and the staff very friendly. The real reward comes when your selection is served - the linguini with clams is a delectable dish with a sumptuous white sauce reminiscent of spaghetti carbonara minus the bacon bits.The deli case offers a plethora of inviting offerings, including multiple versions of empanadas and elaborate sandwiches ready to go.  Nothing negative to say about Rincon De BA - I will definitely be a frequent visitor.
5	Love this place. Empanadas and chimichurri sauce are the best.Not even in Buenos Aires you can find a better chimichurri.
5	pasta frola & empanadas!  this place feels just right... just like home.  Very authentic atmosphere and kind staff.
5	Can't go wrong here. Worth your trip away from the strip. Obviously you must try the empanadas. This is probably the best chimichuri I have ever had. The family enjoyed the selection of carne.
5	Just awesome food. Chimichuri and meat. That is the focus. Gotta love it. Lots of authentic south american meats and desserts. They also make in the house cookies and fun little desserts that you can take with you. If you like to meet your t b sure to buy a jar and take it home. The sandwiches for lunch or also highly recommended
5	This is a corner store and deli with tables around the deli. My wife and I keep going back for the comfort food of steak sandwiches and fries. The bread is like a ten inch mini-baguette, crispy, and the steak, perhaps a little more than a quarter inch thick is lean and cooked medium or rare as you like. Wine and beer are reasonable.You can order whatever looks good behind the deli glass such as empanadas or deserts. I know we have just scratched the surface of what is on offer by doing the steak sandwiches, but they are very flavorful and reasonably priced. On the downside, seating was a little dense the last time we went on a Saturday night. On the upside, the waiters and waitresses are a bit old school; they are helpful without introducing themselves to you. I like that.
5	I'm not sure I can even adequately explain how amazing this place is... I'll begin by saying I love Argentinian food - the mix of European and South American flavors makes me incredibly happy just thinking about it.  In fact, the only negative really is having to choose between delicious Argentinian beef or succulent seafood.  Do you want pasta or rice dish?  So many delicious choices... Ahhh.Anyway, before I get too hungry thinking about it, this is definitely the best Argentinian I've ever had and one of the best places I've eaten in Vegas.
5	This is the bomb dignity shazam shiznitz place I have run across in Vegas.The waitress was older, but still had that I use to be hot appeal to her. She was also nice. My father and daughter were there with me and it was our final dinner in Vegasw together before we headed home and I wanted to try something that I never did before. So South American food ended up on the circle of things that may make my fathers stomach churn chart that evening.Old man had some fish (which is weird since we were at an Argentinian steak house), my daughter for some unknown reason decided to get Lasagna with alfredo sauce (the paternity test did confirm she is mine), I got the ribeye. It was a little slow, not going to deny that, but the atmosphere of the place was nice, people talking, it was almost festive. There was also this really hot looking woman sitting but he door with her boyfriend, but that is another story.Food was great, the bread was excellent. No complaints.. and the old man had a beer, so you know it was a good evening!
4	I have never been to any other Argentinean restaurant before and I really don't eat much meat, but I like this place. The beef empanadas are very good. My husband and I had the meat grill for 2 with skirt steak, sausage, sweet breads, chicken breast, and short ribs. The skirt steak was my favorite. The sausage and chicken breast were also very good. Normally chicken breast has no flavor, but this chicken was tender and had a flavor that was so good that I can't describe it. The short ribs were not that good. My husband loved the sweet breads. Obviously, the speciality here is the meat. Vegetarians may not want to come here.
5	Ordered for delivery (which arrived earlier than expected). Tried the heart of Palm salad, empanadas, sweet bread with parsley and garlic, and the lengua. All of it was very delicious. I was feeling adventurous when trying the sweet bread, and it did not disappoint. Probably the best thing I ordered.
4	Have eaten here a few times, it is a cheap yummy place to get food. Service is nice and they are always watching football. The best part is the free break and dipping sauce that they offer for free. Will continue eating here and order their empanadas! Also, their Greek sandwich is pretty delicious.Had to take away one star due to service can be slow sometimes, but nothing that gets too out of hand.
5	Excellent steak! Cooked too order and a lot of it for the price. Really enjoyed the herb sauce that comes with the bread for appetizer, pars really we'll the steak also. Will be back for sure next time in Vegas.
3	This place is a cute authentic little Argentinian/ Italian restaurant and market that sticks out like a sore thumb in the heart of Chinatown in the Cathay Hills Plaza center. My boyfriend, is half Italian and Argentinian and he was eager to try this place out for dinner.   When we walked in, the restaurant/market smelled delicious! It didn't help that we were starving and wanted to order everything on the menu. Luckily the server quickly brought out complimentary bread and homemade chimichurri. We both wished the bread was warm or toasted, but it wasn't - it was room temperature. The bread wasn't the best or the freshest, but the chimichurri certainly made up for it. The chimichurri was flavorful and had a nice acidity to it.  We ended up with 4 different hot baked empanadas $2.25 each: Beef - Very rich and meaty flavor, my boyfriend like this one the most. 4/5Spinach - thick spinach and cheese filling. I enjoyed this one. 4/5Corn - piping hot insides and tasted similar to creamed corn - just not as sweet. 2/5Ham & cheese - this one also had a very hot and gooey cheese filling and ham bits. This is one of my favorites. 4/5Also we shared a rather huge hot sandwich - Lomito Completo $10.99:Not worth $11 - A very thin hammered down piece of mignon with melted provolone cheese, very salty ham, fried eggs, lettuce, tomato, mayo, on a baguette bread. The steak and ham were thin and way over salted. The salt was so strong that it offended my taste buds. The fried egg was overcooked so it didn't have a runny yolk and that's always a shame in my book. The sandwich was a generous size in a huge bread roll. We were only able to tackle a half of it. The fries that accompanied it were nice, hot and crispy, just the way I like my fries. I just couldn't get past the over salting issue - I could feel my mouth shriveling up. 2/5We also ordered 1 soda. Our total damage was $25 and change. In the end, we were uncomfortably full - everything was extremely heavy, oily, and extra salty. I did appreciate their empanadas, but the hot sandwich was a hot salty mess.
4	This place is truly reminiscent of Argentina.  It appears to be a family owned deli. The ambience and decor is very warm and homestyle with a classic cafe interior. The menu is simple focusing on their parillada which is BBQ. Make sure you pair every possible item with their chimichurri oil.  Their pastry Gologos is amazing, my first time trying it and it is addicting! Mate tea and Gologos are the perfect combo.The prices are fair and it is a wonderful experience. The service was also very friendly and helpful. Overall, worth the trip!
5	Very good service and food. I really like the menu selections.  I've only been here twice, once for lunch and for dinner and both times I left happy and full. Start with the meat or chicken Empanadas. The Parrillada Fierro was a great platter of meats perfectly seasoned. The Milanesa beef sandwich was also good. This is definitely a goto spot for me.
5	I followed Yelp reviews here when we looked for a Steakhouse - not many in Vegas are layman priced, but this one was.  Sure, you don't get your 40th floor view of the strip, white tablecloth experience, but the place has a charm of its own.  When you first walk in, you might think you're at the wrong place because it looks like a specialty deli, and actually is - you can purchase empanadas and an assortment of meats and cheeses.  But they added seating to the floor space to make it a restaurant.I visited Argentina 6 months ago and the food here was very much comparably authentic.  We ordered the chicken, steak and yummy corn empanadas - they aren't made fresh, but still very good.  We were a party of 5 and ordered the Parilla plate and Ribeye, the latter of which was so succulent and bursting with flavors.  It paired VERY well with a bottle of Luigi Bosca Malbec, which I highly recommend - soft and silky smooth tannins, very well structured.  The parilla meats were enough to fill all of us (sweet bread, skirt steak, filet, sausage).We topped things off with the dulce de leche cookie, flan and crepe (with dulce de leche).  They were all delicious - maybe too much caramel in the crepe, but no big deal.Our waitress was very nice and they were prompt with food.  And again, the prices were very reasonable - about $150 for 5 of us, including a bottle of wine and three desserts and enough meat to fill all of us to the brim.  I definitely will come back here again.  It's great food, quaint ambience and friendly staff makes this an easy five stars.
5	I have been eating here my whole life, and it is true argentine food. The Milanesa napolitana sandwich is amazing, u have to special order it. The service is always impeccable. A MUST GO!
4	I could go to Rincon De Buenos Aires solely for their chimichurri. I am a huge fan, and I just love, love, love it. It goes great with their steaks and bread. For only $2, you can get unlimited bread and chimichurri. I also enjoy their very large salads. You can definitely share one with 2-4 people. Don't forget to try their empanadas. I have yet to try the ham & cheese, but the beef, chicken, and spinach are all delicious. I definitely recommend Rincon De Buenos Aires for lunch!
5	The service was excellent and the food was amazing! My husband usually does not like trying new things, but he loved it!!
5	My family and I love this place! We have been going here for yeaaaars and it's always amazing. We like to get the parilla (the grill) with steak, sausages, ribs, etc. Always delicious. We've gotten their pastas, salads, and sandwiches, everything is always good. We even just buy the steak their and grill it at the house for get togethers and it's always delicious. Their steak is my absolute favorite. Also the staff is always very nice and attentive, always checking on you and very friendly.
2	Everytime my family and I went to Las Vegas we'd go to this restaurant cos there weren't many good Argentine places near us. But whatever good it used to be is fading fast. My parents got asado and even though it was a little pink despite asking for it well done it was decent. The mollejas were good, the chimichurri was great, the bread seemed to be heated up in a microwave and was soft. The ricotta ravioles I got were hard and pretty bad, I couldn't even finish the plate. The masa of the empanadas were kinda doughy and unpleasant. The day I went there were three women working. One waitress was sweet, the other was... Just having a bad day I guess. I didn't get a refill on my drink til I was done eating, and I can understand that when you're busy you forget but come on, they checked on us twice throughout the whole meal. If you want something be sure to shout for it. Overall if you just want argentine cuisine for a decent price and aren't expecting a 4 star meal this is the place for you. I used to really love this place so I'm hoping they just had a bad day and will get back on track but as of right now I'm not planning to stop by next time I'm in town.
5	Great meat, do not be deceived by the look of a market,,, the food is very good, We also had the panqueques with dulce de leche and they were delicious. prices are more than reasonable, Can't go wrong.
4	Really one if the few places in Vegas that serve sweetbreads and blood sausages... Good stuff. Their beef tongue appetizer is also great...
4	I have driven by Rincon countless times and was amused by the name in big letters and below a small sign saying Italian deli.  It didn't seem to go together, but I get it now.  They have more than just Argentinian food but that's the highlight.  It's the corner storefront of this U shaped shopping plaza in Chinatown, hence the name.I came here with a friend for a late morning lunch and we ordered and shared many items from the menu.  We were brought some bread and chimichurri.  The spices in the chimichurri were very good and went well on the bread and some meat we had later on.We started with an order of provoletta--grilled provolone cheese topped with chili and the chimichurri spices.  We took our knives and dug in and pulled up some cheese that hung like melted cheese will.  I put the cheese on my bread.  Vary tasty and great start.  We then got the order of three empanadas--one ham and cheese, one chicken, and one corn and cheese.  All three were good.  I liked the chicken the most.  The crust was flaky and thin.  The amount of filling for the three was perfect.Then came the main course--a Parrillada Argentina, a mixture of grilled meat.  Ours consisted of three sausages, sweet bread, skirt steak, and short ribs.  It was perfect for sharing.  We each had a length of short rib, one white sausage each, we shared the one black sausage (blood sausage or blood pudding are two names for it) and we each had a skirt steak.  We got all the meat cooked medium.  The skirt steak was a little tough but it was tasty.  The chimichurri added to the meat.  The grilled meats were really very good.  My favorite here was the blood sausage.  It's the first time I've had it and it was quite good.Then we ordered four desserts to share--dulce de leche flan, an alfajor, a Mil Hojas, and a pasta frola.  While all four were excellent, I had two favorites here--the mil hojas and the alfajor.  I'd had an alfajor once before and it was good to have this sweet cookie once again and the mil hojas had a great filling of chocolate and the spice, which we couldn't quite place was cardamon our server told us.  The flan was very soft and the pasta frola--quince tart--was also quite good.  Service was great!  Our server was a delightful young woman who answered questions and always had a pleasant smile.  She refilled our water glasses several times.A great meal with a good friend--that's what Saturdays are for--or any other day of the week ending in y.
5	Seconded time here! Well worth it if you come to Vegas! The food has a lot of flavor and the staff is extremely friendly :) it's a restaurant/meat store. I high recommend it! You won't be disappointed. The parrilladas are so good (meat lover heaven)
4	Well, let me start by admitting the main reason I come to Rincon de Buenos Aires is because of the Quilmes. It is in my opinion the best import from Argentina other than the argentine women of course. Ok, ok, I'll keep it food related. The rice taste really good, the way they cook it....mmm. It goes with every dish pretty much. I have had la pechuga, which is the chicken breast and it was delicious, somehow the flavor is different than what I had tried before in other restaurants. Maybe is just me but the meats tend to be cooked to perfection in here, whether is beef, fish, or chicken.It is also a deli, they sell meats and other Argentinian treats for you to take home and prepare. This restaurant is not big or fancy but when the food is this good, you won't mind at all. There are a couple of TVs usually showing soccer games or boxing fights happening. The place is very casual and clean, the service is prompt and the people here seem nice. Give it a try, I have a feeling you'll feel the same way. For you gentlemen who like to enjoy a beer, get a Quilmes and by the time you finish it, you'll be a fan.
4	This is a great Argentine restaurant that also serves as a deli and a small store. We have been here a handful of times with our Argentine friend whom we let pick our feast. We have enjoyed everything we've tried, and as a meat lover you can't go wrong with parallada argentina which is a mixed grill of assortment of meats. There are several options with varying meats. The grill prices range between $32 and $35 and can be shared by 3-4 people. Whatever you choose make sure to pair it with their awesome Chimichurri sauce and toasted bread. Also make sure to save room for dessert and get their flan with caramel and whipped cream. Overall the service is good and the prices are reasonable.
5	Great parillada! The meat was tender and tasty. I was glad to find yerba mate for sale, too.
3	I wish I could be as enthusiastic as the other Rincon de Buenos Aires reviewers, but I just wasn't crazy about the place.  The service was fine: friendly, helpful, although a bit inconsistent in their attentiveness.  As for atmosphere, not much to say but no complaints either.  It's a deli/takeout place in addition to being a restaurant.  The TV and a lot of table conversation is in Spanish, which certainly adds to the authenticity of the place.Service and atmosphere were fine; the food is why I didn't love the place.  I tried 2 appetizers, the spinach pie and the Argentine chorizo.  The spinach pie portion was huge!  It's spinach, eggs, and onions in a flaky pastry.  Good enough, and for just $4.95, almost a meal in itself.  The chorizo was fine, but nothing spectacular.  I tried the skirt steak, again a huge portion for $19.95.  Two people with reasonable appetites could share the spinach pie and skirt steak and be perfectly satisfied.  The quality of the beef was very good, but the steak tasted too much like the gas flame it was grilled over.  Obviously, no wood grill at Rincon.  Also, I ordered the steak medium-rare, but it came out closer to medium, a mistake a lot of steakhouses make.  The steak came with a choice of potato, soup, salad, or mixed vegetables.  The mixed vegetables looked like the once-frozen variety, but at least good quality frozen veggies.  I got the huge portion of veggies wrapped because I wanted to try a couple of their desserts.  The Argentine alfajor was two thin cookies with a caramel paste in the middle, then dipped in white chocolate, good enough but not great.  The mil hojas (the Argentine version of a mille feuille) was what I really wanted to try.  Instead of pastry cream, the Argentine version fills the pastry layers with a caramel paste.  Even though I have a wicked sweet tooth, this was way too sweet for me.Despite my tepid review of Rincon de Buenos Aires, I could see myself going back.  The prices and quality of their meats make for an excellent value.  And I loved the authenticity of the place.  Even if their execution isn't always top-notch, I had no doubt that this was true Argentine cuisine.  If I have a beef craving but don't want to spend big bucks at one of the Strip steakhouses, I'd much rather spend my $$ at Rincon than some place like Outback.  In fact, I'm pretty sure Rincon would be less expensive than Outback.
5	Very good place and very clean too.The food is so good for a less price.The meats are fresh and good flavor.
