4	Been to this location several times to buy a couple suits for different occasions as well as to rent a tuxedo for a friend's wedding recently.The staff is very helpful and the store has a wide variety of styles, colors, fits, sizes, and inventory.I am always greeted with a smile and a willingness to help you find what you need when I walk through the doors.
4	I do not go to Men's Wearhouse to often, but when I do the service and selection is usually really good. I recently went to this location after hearing they were having a 50% off sale. Needing some casual shirts I went in and ended up buying three shirts. I am kind of an in between size and have a hard time finding shirts in the bigger box stores. Men's warehouse tends to always have a good selection in all sizes. They are also conveniently located in Sycamore Commons shopping center on the corner of 74 and 51.
1	Sadly I have to give this particular store only 1 star for the first and only experience we had with my son and a tuxedo he needed for a wedding. I brought my son in for not one but two fittings.  I had to bring him in twice because he is growing like a weed and we needed to make sure the tux would fit. The first time seemed to be great. The sales guy was professional and suggested we have the tux delivered to the store closest to where the wedding was held for convenience sake. The second visit for measurements was quite different. The sales guy and girl seemed irritated with us and when the original jacket did not fit, they said they didn't have another one for him to try on but they would go ahead and order a size up anyway. They also didn't have the next size up in shoes. This is when I asked to change my request to have the tux picked up at the Matthews store for fear the tux was going to have measurement issues and they told me no. When we went to the MW in Edgewater NJ to pick up his tux we were told they didn't have it and it was sent to the Matthews NC store. We had to go back the following day after they FedExed the suit only to find out the jacket was two sizes to small and the pants were too long. We had to go back a third time (on the day of the wedding) and finally got a proper fitting suit. We were very inconvenienced and irritated with the whole process. I unfortunately cannot recommend this store for tux rentals and if you do rent from them, I would strongly suggest you have your suit picked up at the location you were measured at.
4	I must say, I had a fantastic experience at this location recently. Needed a black suit for a wedding and stopped in here. This is where I met Katelyn. She was very knowledgeable about the different suits but more importantly she knew how to mix and match the shirts and ties to the suits. So I was good to go with the black suit and moved on to a couple other suits that were on sale (they always seem to have a sale, kind of like the Kohl's of the suit world). Ended up getting 3 suits. If I didn't mention this, Katelyn is also a good sales person. Had all 3 tailored and ready for pick up within 3 days. BTW, everyone at the wedding thought I looked great!
3	My fiance and another groomsman with his family all went to this location last month. Our wedding isn't until September, but we wanted to get started so there would be a good amount of time.As soon as we walked in, it was pretty busy for a Saturday, which is normal and perfectly alright with me. What I didn't appreciate was the associate (who's name I won't mention) trying to upsell. I understand why upselling is important, but I told her that I had a limit of $150, which I KNOW is do-able. She was showing me Vera Wang, Calvin Klein, really expensive suits going into the $300-400s. Everything was being thrown around, people walking everywhere, questions that weren't being answered.. I immediately got irritated and set my foot down. Men's Wearhouse is a good store and I'll go there in the future, but they really need to establish better customer understanding and meeting their specific needs.(And the suits only costed $155 after tax)
