3	I bought their 40$ seat cleaning. It includes their 21$ wash.I was there for 30 minutes. They have a lobby inside with TVs and water. Nothing too fancy. You can see them as they work on your car.Service was okay. Not terrible, but not fantastic. Lots of employees walked past me as I was waiting for my car, and even though I smiled and said Hi once, they never replied, never asked me if I needed anything, and when I got my car he never asked me if everything looked good.The price was good for what I got (especially considering they actually shampoo'd my seats, and didn't just wipe down with a wet rag). If you are in the area, they have good deals if you sign up for their monthly package, and evidently they also have a deal on their gift cards since they opened this location up recently.If you don't need interior service, and don't live in the area, then there are better car washes closer to you (Quick N Clean in South Scottsdale is my go to place).
1	So not impressed. It's gone downhill from when they opened.  Today it broke half way through and the dude wouldn't let me go back through.  ALSO.  THERE IS ALWAYS A SMALL DIRT STREAK LEFT ON THE BOTTOM OF THE CAR.  something isn't right with that.
4	This place is super convenient if you need a quick wash. I have done both the express washes where you have the option to vacuum the interior yourself as well as an interior/exterior ($16) and the carpet package ($40). They can get you out pretty quick with the basic interior. They do a decent job compared to other car washes around the valley. I waited around 30 minutes for then to do the full interior/exterior package with mat cleaning.  They did an awesome job! My carpets look brand new! The waiting area is small but sufficient, free wifi a plus! Great location for me as it's so close and I rarely need my interior cleaned.Will def be back a lot with all these monsoons!
4	The Clean Freak at Via Linda and 90th in Scottsdale is the easiest car wash I have ever experienced. Even when it's busy, it takes little time to get through. The prices are cheap and the wash is superb (sans $3 wash). You don't even have to get out of the car. As a realtor, I need my car to look clean and professional. Clean Freak gets the job done!
4	Not perfect, but easy and efficient. I have the speed pass which is great, especially in monsoon season. The people always have big smiles when guiding and helping you out.
5	Don't believe any bad review! These guys have passion! The level of detail and care that the Clean Freak team spends on every part of the car is nuts! I haven't seen anyone work this hard or care this much about a deep clean. I am very impressed.
3	Love the Clean Freak by me(44th and McDowell) but the employees at this location are hit and miss. Caesar was very helpful at check in, but there was a dark haired woman as you entered the tunnel that wasn't very nice. She was was crystal clear with the words she was mouthing and the head shaking. Not appropriate at all. And if I am paying $15 for a wash I would like a towel, I shouldn't have to ask.
5	I love my car, and it was SO NOT OK day before yesterday when I discovered paint overspray all over it!  I'm in my second year of a monthly subscription to Clean Freak and just totally love these guys, but the branch I go to, 7th Av. & Grand, doesn't do detailing, so I sent them an email asking if they had someone to recommend.Yesterday, I got a call from Manager Scott at this, their flagship location, where they actually do everything.  He explained the various possible remedies for getting all this unwanted paint off my car and gave me a very reasonable price range, so I arranged to bring the car in this morning.While I enjoyed a great lunch walking distance up the street at Ajo Al's, about 5 guys buzzed all over my car, removing the paint overspray, doing a complete exterior waxing and detail job restoring my car's finish to AT LEAST as bright and shiny as when it was brand new, charged me LESS than the minimum estimate that I agreed to, finished FASTER than the minimum amount of time estimated to do the work, and even went over the inside including cleaning the inside glass & so on.Scott & Co. are running a VERY FIVE STARS operation here and I couldn't be happier with the work they did for me today!!     :-))
1	1st visit, lousy experience. Went through the wash and nothing happened. Okay, circle back and try to go through again except a long line has formed.  Only choice that I was offered was to get back in line and waste more time. Too bad as this a convenient location for me. Can't recommend this place as more focused on selling than delivering. Here's a tip for the business, save some trees and stop handing out so much printed literature.
3	I watched this place be built on my way to work every morning and had been meaning to try it out. I usually just visit the local automated cheap drive-thru car washes a couple times a month and vacuum every couple months. When I scored a Groupon for a wash, vacuum, and handwax (value of $51) for $26 I decided it was time to give Clean Freak a try... also, my floor mats were in desperate need of a vacuuming.I was confused at first as I thought it was the type of place where you tell them what you want, hand over the keys, pay, and then go take a seat in the waiting area. I was wrong. You pull up to your typical automated machine however there was a gentleman there who entered in all my information and sent me to "the arches". I'd never had to deal with lining my car up in a track system before but the staff member guided me well and then failed to deliver good directions as to when I need to put my foot ON the brake and when to take it OFF which resulted in about three failed attempts to secure my car in the track roller system. The staff member was clearly frustrated with my incompetence and I with his delivery. But alas I was finally positioned and sent on my way with some overzealous karate moves from the staff. After you work your way through the standard auto wash you pull around to the area with vacuums and are finally able to get out and go to the waiting area. It's small but has what you need for a 20-30 min wait.After waiting I was retrieved and asked if I was happy with the outside which I surely was! My Kia Soul had never been so shiny! I was then asked if the inside was ok which, at the time in the very shaded area, did look great. I tipped the man and was on my way. As soon as I hit sunshine I noticed the floor mats were not vacuumed very well which was extremely disappointing. Yes, I have a massive white haired dog whose hair sticks to the bottom of my shoes and then gets conveniently transferred to my black carpet floor mats every morning. I realize vacuuming hair out of carpet floor mats is challenging and that Clean Freak staff doesn't have all the time in the world, but COME ON. There is a slight difference between the before and after but I do feel a much more thorough job could have been done.Overall, I was mostly pleased with my experience, my car is shiny after all and the interior wipe down was much needed, but I am not sold on this place and likely won't return.
4	Clean Freak has a solid car wash, free vacuums and friendly service.  The quick detailing they do for less than $20 is ok, but you can just use the vacuum yourself and save the detail cost and tip.The one time I did have them clean the interior then my car didn't start afterwards (I later determined I needed a new battery - stupid AZ).  The manager was super nice and was ok with my car being there as I figured it out.  Another extremely nice customer left and got his battery charger and despite his help it wouldn't start. I eventually got it out of there, but the staff was very friendly, concerned and helpful when they didn't necessarily have to. Kudos to the staff!
