4	Baklava Cheesecake.That's all I have to say.Okay, no there's more.  Graham cracker crust with a thin layer of filo, then thick NY style cheesecake...cinnamon, crushed pistachio nuts, shredded filo on top, sitting on top of a light drizzle of honey with more crushed pistachio decorating the plate.So good that the meal before it seems like a dim memory...although the gyros are pretty darn tasty too.  Succulent pieces of lamb, thick fluffy pita.  You have to ask for feta on the side otherwise it doesn't come with any.Also tried the avgolemono soup...creamy chicken rice lemon soup.  Unfortunately, this one was the deal breaker.  The chicken was old and multi-colored and the soup was a little too sour.  I've had it before and really like it normally.  I just don't like it making my mouth turn inside out.Another sour note was what seemed like the manager yelling in the open kitchen asking his staff if he could meet their girlfriends and how old they were.  Ooooo-kay.  I didn't realize I was in My Big Fat Greek Real World.The good news was the soup was first, and the cheesecake was last, so I left an extremely happy Margaret.  The waiter was really nice about the soup, and very attentive.  Good enough to make me want to go back sometime.
4	Our waitress was a complete doll. Very friendly and knowledgable about the menu items. I gave 4 stars due to two things. First, although my calamari appetizer was delicious and my gyro pita the same, I don't like finding broken toothpicks in with the cucumber (yes, I had already pulled the other ones out completely). Second, my father's blackened salmon was waaay overcooked. I understand one usually doesn't go to a Greek restaurant to order blackened salmon, but cooking fish is pretty basic. In the restaurant's defense the waitress was extremely apologetic and offered to bring him a new plate, but he declined. I didn't mention my toothpick to her, since otherwise the food was delish.Still the best Greek food I've had in a long time and I will definitely go back.
4	Being a die-hard Greek food fan, I was hesitant to try a Greek chain. But lo and behold the food is actually pretty good, even if it veers slightly askew of "traditional." The tzatziki is amazing, but heavy on the lemon flavor. The spanakopita is huge and delightful. Their gyros come wrapped in a green tortilla (wha?) but are otherwise tasty. Baklava - get it! - but don't share if you don't have to. Oh, the baklava is big enough to share, but you won't want too. I love going in early on a weekend when the place is practically empty.
4	The service at MBGFR is simply fabulous. The waitresses are always on their best behavior and aim to please.  I personally recommend the tzatziki as a starter, although I'd just as soon eat the pita by itself. I've never been given pita that wasn't fresh and scalding hot. Most of the menu allows you to add a Greek salad for $2. Other menu items allow you to substitute it in lieu of seasoned fries for no additional charge. Whatever the cost, I recommended getting the Greek salad with your meal. It is infinitely excellent. Personally I recommend the gyro wrap. And the Baklava is so good you'll want to pick it apart.It's perfect for a light, healthy brunch.
4	I am a big fan of Greek food and not only does the food taste pretty good but it's a great fun atmosphere as well. The portions are huge so it is no problem sharing but my only complaint AGAIN is the lack of *Greek* children food items. The portions are so large, though, that it isn't a big deal for my son to just share the food from my plate. But chicken fingers at a Greek restaurant????I can't even remember all of the dishes we have had at this restaurant but they were all good. My husband always enjoys a gyro, their hummus is delicious and the feta fries...YUM.I didn't feel out of turn bringing my sometimes loud-mouth son to the restaurant since it is pretty loud there already. So, keep that in mind.
4	For a good lunch for two under 25 bucks go here.  They don't skimp on lunch sized portions and staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.  I had they Gyro and Greek Salad and it came out perfect.  Pita Bread was warm meat was hot and not dry at all.  It was fantastic.  The hummus was good also.  Warm flat bread and very tasty!
4	Love this place...  Actually, I have eaten at the Tempe location too.  YUM!  The Chicken Souvlaki Pita and with Greek Fries is my favie!!!!  You need to get the Flaming Saganaki at least one of your visits.  It is fun and good to eat.  OPA!
3	First and foremost, the food here is great. Delicious. I want to lick my overstuffed plate. Drinks are potent. But it's the other stuff, the small details...Like how the last time I went, we were one of only 4 tables in the place but they were seating everyone along the same row of booths against the wall. So, they wanted to put me and my husband, on a date, in between two tables of unruly children. Oh hell no. They were very cooperative and prompt when accommodating our request to move elsewhere. And like how our flaming saganaki was not flaming. It was hot and melty, so perhaps they set it ablaze before it reached us, but that rather defeats the purpose, no?But the staff is always very friendly and, as I said, the food can't be beat.
4	WAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!! This location is CLOSED!!!!!! WTF man!!!!! Always had good food and fun here. Actually, enough food per serving for us to split. The most fave item on menu, the GREEK FRIES. OMG! Seasoned thin cut fries, crumbled feta cheese, some amazing sauce drizzled on top. Well, guess we have to find the next closest location. Hope experience is the same.
5	this place is now closed and moved to a new location in glendale
4	Great place and food, great menu for the kids too! Sad to see it go!
3	Had a bad experience in downtown chain earlier. This was definitely friendlier.The foods was consistent as expected. No more no less. The service was not very consistent during shift change. There was confusion how to redeem a voucher.Nothing to go Gaga about, at least no Poker Face here.
