5	This is such a great place! The tattoo artist, Michelle, is so great at what she does and such a great person. She's very open to how you want your tattoo done and will give input if you want it.  They also accept credit cards which is such a great thing since having a lot of cash sucks sometimes.I'd highly recommend this place to get a tattoo. I have no experience with piercings but I can only imagine that it's just as good as the tattoo part of the shop.
5	What a great place! I've always wanted a tattoo and I was referred to Michelle, the owner, through a trusted friend with quite a bit of inkHer skills are phenomenal  and her art is just wonderful.  That tattoo that I got was just perfect and I spent quite a bit of time afterwards just marveling at how great it is!  I couldn't be happier with my result.  She has a deft hand and the pain that I experienced with my first tattoo was really nothing to be worried about.She's very accepting and open as well, tries to foster an environment of love and tolerance in her business.  LGBTQ folks are definitely welcome as I am trans myself.
5	I love LOVE this tattoo parlor. I've been to two other tattoo parlors and I wasn't super pleased with the service I was getting or the care I felt my design needed so  I went searching for a new parlor. I am so glad I found Michelle. She created a lovely Orchid design with text for my thigh and worked with me like no one else ever had to create the perfect tattoo for me. She's so positive and upbeat and the parlor is light and fun. Out of all my tattoos the one I got here is my favorite and I am confidant in saying  I want all the rest of my tattoos done here. She really cares about the customer and her art.
5	These folks are wonderful. I went in to get only a simple, three-word text tattoo, but they treated me with the utmost care and respect, from choosing the font to figuring out sizing and placement, to the actual inking process. Robbie did a clean, crisp, wonderful job, and I couldn't be happier with how my tattoo turned out. The fact that Gypsy is also super LGBTQ friendly is a huge plus. Can't recommend highly enough.
5	This place is special. It's rare to go somewhere that just oozes professionalism, effort, kindness and above all- talent. It's even rarer from a tattoo shop. I contacted Michelle from her shop's reviews online, Facebook site and also after checking out her portfolio. Her style was perfect for what I was thinking. Due to me living outside of Pittsburgh, she sent me a design that she happily modified down to the tiniest details I wanted changed. Michelle welcomed me commenting and allowing the design to be modified which is so important yet not as common in the tattoo world as you'd think.When the day arrived, I continued to be impressed with Michelle and her shop. She was fastidious with the placement of the outline which made me feel 100% confident she was going to do an amazing job. She has such a warm, caring and fantastic personality- it's a joy to spend time with her. While we chatted and she tattooed- she would check in every once in awhile to see how I was doing with the pain, etc. The only the outline is finished (we're doing shading soon) but I already have gotten so many compliments and they don't even realize how amazing the experience was as well! No wonder people have bachelorette or birthday parties there!I can't recommend Michelle enough to someone thinking about getting a tattoo. She'll make the design truly a collaboration and execute your idea onto your skin perfectly.
5	My sister and I went to see Michelle to get matching tattoos and it was such a wonderful time.  We both have been tattooed before, but this by far was the best experience. Michelle has a such a refreshing outlook about tattooing and really made the whole experience so comfortable.  She spent a lot of time with us helping to place the tattoo and finalized the design.  The shop worked as a whole to give their opinion and make sure our tattoo would lay right and flow with our body.  We are both so happy with the outcome.  I would recommend anyone looking to get a tattoo to go Gypsy Tattoo Parlor.
5	No one is perfect but Molly and Robbie have been amazing so far. Robbie worked hard to design complimentary tattoos for my bf and myself. He has taken input about what we wanted and put it into a design. I can't wait to get the tattoos finished. The place is clean and the atmosphere is friendly.  The artists are very concerned about making your idea come to life in your tattoo and they do a good job. If I ever get any more tattoos, I'd definitely go back here.
5	This place is amazing! Hands down the most professional and welcoming tattoo shop in the city. I made contact with Michelle and she was so enthusiastic and excited about my idea. After a few email exchanges my beautiful tattoo was born! Michelle and the whole Gypsy crew go out of their way to make your experience extra special. This place really is one of a kind!
5	I am pretty heavily tattooed with a variety of experiences over the years and Gypsy is by far the best of them. Michelle has given me two lovely tattoos with a third about to begin. Everyone is so friendly and welcoming. It's a great shop for your first or any tattoo and very female friendly.
2	With all of the stellar reviews both online and personal I see and hear about this place it is most disheartening to have had a negative experience.  Initially I was impressed.  The people that work here were most friendly and welcoming upon my consultation. However the person I was working with dropped communication and stood me up for an appointment.  I feel that everyone has the right to cancel but it's common courtesy to notify your scheduled appointments before they arrive.  Surely we are entitled to make mistakes, however this experience has left me feeling under valued for my time and money.  I came to this shop for a new and improved tattoo experience.  I left with my first experience of a no call no show artist and ended up back to square one on my search for new and improved experience.
5	I had the best experience here.  I initially spoke with Michelle, the owner, and she was amazing.  On the day of my appointment, Molly did my actual tattoos.  I got two in one sitting, and it was all line work.  She did a perfect job, and was very personable.  I will be going back to this shop for my next tattoo.  Everyone was super friendly and welcoming.  I would strongly recommend this shop, as it was the absolute best tattoo experience that I have ever had.
5	From start to finish, working with Gypsy Tattoo Parlor has been awesome. They have been flexible and enthusiastic and friendly at every turn. Robbie worked with me to design my perfect tattoo and it looks even better in reality than in my imagination. Something that is extra special about this place is how excited the whole staff gets for the art going on you. It truly feels like a collaborative art project. The atmosphere is wonderfully chill without losing a drop of professionalism. I would recommend this place to anyone and if I ever get another tattoo it will absolutely be here.
5	Another absolutely stellar experience at Gypsy with Michelle! This time was for a custom-drawn thigh piece in her beautiful etching/line work style which she completed in two sessions. I can't say enough about how positive my encounters with Michelle and the rest of the staff always are. It's a joy to spend time with such a lovely bunch of creative, open-minded, welcoming professionals when many other shops I've experienced offer mediocre bedside manner at best (seriously, even when I'm cringing in pain and begging for a wipe they're the dearest bunch). Obviously you want your artist to be competent and clean, too but the good vibes from the Gypsy family go above and beyond to enrich the whole experience, start to finish. THANK YOU!
5	Couldn't be happier with my tattoo from Michelle at Gypsy. I got typewriter font writing on my forearm and am constantly getting compliments. It was my second tattoo and by far the best experience I have had both with getting tattooed and the final result. No touch up needed and clean lines all the way. I can't say enough good things about the shop.
