4	My new go-to lunch or snack place when I'm at work in the Cotton Center area. Good honest Chicago-style hotdogs (using Vienna Beef) with the traditional toppings: mustard, onion, relish, pickle, tomato, sport peppers, and celery salt -although you can tailor the toppings to your liking. Basic hotdog sandwich for $2.95, double dog for $3.95, pepper 'n egg sandwich $3.95, Italian beef $5.95; and all sandwiches include fries. A tasty meal, a great deal!
5	Don't let the lack of reviews get you down like it did me.  My coworker suggested this place and we were not disappointed.  Great servings, good prices.  Nice staff.  It was a lunch crowd so they could have been a little more efficient at the register, but it was worth the wait.  Don't let the "Hot Dog" detract you- this isn't ballpark or Quiktrip dogs- and it isn't Wonder Bread.  Definately in our rotation now
5	Great F@#$ing Dawgs!!!  The fries are insane!!!  The ONLY way to make this meal better is Duck Fat!   Give this place a shot......like every other day...its that good.  My Boyee Kyle L. is an insane server/employee and he makes wicked dawgs!!
5	This is a must try! I'm from the Chicago area so I know how Chicago style dogs are supposed to taste! This place, my friends, is the real deal! The fries are delish and the service was great! Oh yeah, it's cheap too! I got a hotdog, vienna beef of course, with all of the trimmings-Tomato, sport peppers, pickle, relish, onions and celery salt, fries and a grape pop for $4.59!  Love it! Da Bears!
4	I drive by all of the time and finally went to try out jimmy's. I am disappointed that it took me this long. The food was awesome. I found out that they make the meatballs daily for the subs and that they have a double dog (2 dogs in one bun). I decided on the Italian beef with sweet peppers and loved it. The place is small and it seemed like the AC wasn't working, but it was 107 outside. The food more than made up for it. I will be back!
5	I have always looked at hot dogs mounded with toppings as a distraction from the normal hot dog experience.  Even the first few times I went to Jimmy's, I would only get the regular dog.  The regular dog is great, but when I tried the loaded dog (Chicago style I think it is called) I was amazed.  Very tasty and it really does not take away from the great dog that is inside.  The fries are slightly greasy but I do not think that is a bad thing really.I have not tried anything else on their menu yet, but will update when I do.
4	These are the best Chicago style dogs in town. The Italian beef is great as well.
4	This place serves up a mean little Chicago Dog! These wieners really have flavor! I wish the tomatoes were a little fresher but it wasn't offensive by any means. My Chicago came with fries all for the small price of $3 bucks, I can respect a place that doesn't humiliate my Washington's. The fries were freshly cut and fried, I wish they were a little more crunchier but hey I'm used to preservative laden potatoes so I guess I can't comment much on fresh fries (think In-N-Out fries but slightly larger). I can't wait to come back to try the Chili Dogs and Brats!
4	It's not often that I can say I just had an amazing hot dog, and that's what I did say today. Went with coworkers to Jimmy's Hot Dogs for lunch, was kinda like um I don't know, but I'll go, cuz either you like hot dogs or you don't and most of the time I don't.  On the way to Jimmys I was reading their Yelp reviews and saw most of them are 4 to 5 star reviews, so I was thinking um this might be ok. When I got there the line was out the door, but it did move fast, the menu is simple and yes the fries are very fresh, I was watching the dude turn a raw potato into my fries, no frozen stuff there!The hot dog, let me tell you, it's a Chicago dog, it has peppers, onions, tomatoes, pickles on this great roll, so dang tasty!!   Oh and fries always comes with your hot dog, and you want to know the even crazier part, I got my hot dog & fries for $3.25, WHAT!! You say, that's right $3.25 for a dang tasty dog & fresh french fries, man you can't go wrong! I gotta say I will back Jimmy for another one of them great dogs!
4	How have I not been here before?  After 10 years down the road, I finally checked it out.  What a treat.  Great food!  Try the double chicago dog and get some fresh cut fries!
4	Ive passed this place a few times on my way home from work. Its nestled in the corner of and industrial park. A hidden gem.My husband and I went at noon, madness! So many people! Even though the line was literally out the door, our order was taken w/ in about 7 mins. Cheap, cheap, cheap, CHEAP prices. And for the quality? Its a steal. We found a seat through the rotating crowd and had our food w/ in about 10 mins.The fries were ok, but the dogs were GOOD. Definitely a great little lunch spot. Dont try and visit on the weekends though, theyre only open M-F.
5	What can I say but AWESOME???? This little shop is cranking out solid dogs and fries in short order! Like a well oiled machine, my $$3.35 gets me a fully loaded Chicago dog with fries that are fresh cut right into the fryer basket!! UNREAL!! Great dog with the right amount of snap, nice steamed bun and perfectly cooked crispy fries!  I can't say enough how great this place is but get there early, there's often a line out the door.
4	I feel the need to give this place a review.  I go here about once a week for lunch, for the past year.  Great Italian beef!  I usually get that, with the fresh-cut on-the-spot fries and a drink and it's like 9 bucks.  Get it with provolone and hot peppers.  I haven't tried their dogs, but they look good and lots of folks order them.  Eat at Jimmy's and make your mouth happy!
5	The freshest fries straight from the potato to the frier. The dogs have that oh-so-delicious snap to them that Chicagoans like myself love. Super crispy onion rings and cheap prices. I haven't had anything here that I didn't love and come back for. It's quick, it's easy, it's cheap and everyone is very friendly.
5	Always good! I've been here so many times I cant count.. obviously their doing something right! The place is super cheap, great food (fresh cut fries literally done in front of you), super fast service, and the people behind the counter are always in a good mood... like always. Love this place, if you get a chance eat here... you'll thank me later
3	I like this place, never had anything bad, prices are right.  The wait can be a little bit during lunch hours.
5	A double Vienna beef dog with all the fixings and fresh hand cut fries for $4.35, how can you go wrong?  You can't beat their prices or the food quality and they have a great menu that makes me think I am in Chicago.  I do get my order to go since the fryer smell will linger with you throughout the day but always worth the trip!
5	I had to add a review after reading that Portillo's uses frozen crinkle french fries.  Jimmys uses a whole potato and slices it right in front of you - nothing frozen.  Jimmys is great.
5	Had the special Sonoran Dog, fries and drink. The dog was great, the bun was great and fries some of the best I've had. And all at a very reasonable price. I will make the drive from Ahwatukee to eat here again.
3	Went here this weekend and it's not bad, pretty decent. There was nothing that stuck out that blew my mind away just another normal hot dog joint that sells good hot dogs/chili dogs and fries.
5	I found this place through yelp. Great hole in the wall with excellent fresh fries to go with a modest sized chili cheese dog. Best lunch for under $10 even with a tip.
3	Had to check out Jimmy's since I was in the area picking up some parts for a work project. It is located in a small business center just off the corner of 40th St and Broadway.They have your standard Chicago favorites with a small seating area inside and additional seating on the patio. Everyone says to get there early to avoid the crowd. This place is definitely very popular for the people working around here. I think the convenience factor plays a big part.Got here before the lunch rush and ordered the standard Chicago Dog and a Chili Cheese Dog. Decided to go crazy and also order some Chili Cheese Fries on the side. Service was rather quick and friendly. Could not resist watching some TV while I waited for my meal. Put me into nice zombie state until my food arrived.Not sure what happened but both dogs seemed to be well overcooked and the buns were both tough and a bit stale. The chili cheese fries seemed to lack any type of wow factor as well. I even tried putting some hot sauce on them to kick things up a notch. Oh well.Overall they have a nice menu with prices that are reasonable. Maybe the trick is to go when they are extremely busy to get the freshest stuff. But then again who has time to stand in line. Give them a try and see what you think. Not the best and not the worst in my books.  SOLID A-OK3 STARS
3	Today was my first time eating at Jimmy's hot dogs, for hearing such good things & reading the reviews I was slightly disappointed. I wanted something quick & easy for lunch. It wasn't busy & service was fairly fast, I guess that's the benefit of having a later lunch hour. Customer service was ok, I mentioned it was my first time in and that I'd heard good things about their dogs. I ordered the fire dog(not spicy) which was told it's generally served Chicago style, I was asked what toppings I wanted, to my misunderstanding thought she meant additional to the Chicago style toppings. My dog which I'd ordered to go,  to my surprise only had what I thought were my additional toppings of spicy mustard & good bundle of jalapenos on it. It was a tasty dog & came with fabulous fresh hot fries for a reasonable price, I'll definitely try it again, it's close and good cheap eats.
4	The hot dogs have a nice snap to them, so you know they are good.  Not totally Chicago authentic, but there are not many other better places in the area.  It is a nice, clean hole in the wall place with good food and good fries.  I would definitely go back.
5	Wow, that was unexpectedly good!  I had the Chicago Dog (I don't remember, they may just call it an original hot dog) with everything and the free fries that come with it.  Ok, fine... you caught me, I'm lying... I had TWO Chicago Dogs.  Sometimes at places trying to replicate a good Chicago-style hot dog, I have experienced less than stellar results... things like soggy buns that fall apart or relish that is too sweet.  But here at Jimmy's, the bun was PERFECT and the the toppings were just as they should be!Oh, and the fries?  Ummm, UH-MAZ-BALLS!  Normally I'm not much of a fry guy, but here I let out my gluttonous fry side and gobbled up all dem fries!!I will DEFINITELY be back -- hurrah hurrah to Jimmy's for getting this Chicago classic just right!!
5	It's been almost 2 years since I 1st stumbled upon Jimmy's and the 1st time I was just going along for the ride, and now Jimmy's is what I think of when I want a hot dog!  I am thrilled to see that Jimmy's is still doing great! They still have the freshest fries for a fast food joint, you literally watch the whole peeled potato get cut into perfectly proportion fries and placed in the fryer basket and watch them bad boys get fried! And you know what else makes these fries pretty sweet, they still are free, you are only pay for the price of the dog, and yes I bet are saying now oh but a 6 buck dog is paying for your fries, but here at Jimmy's you can get a dog for like 3.50, killer deal right there!Ever since I tried the Chicago dog at Jimmy's almost 2 years ago, that's all I crave, a Chicago styled dog, the tomatoes, the diced green peppers & onions, the peppers & the hot dog on this great bun!  So damn good!   If you haven't been to Jimmy's you should stop by, this place is more than just hype, its great hot dogs excellent fries at an awesome price!
5	While visiting Arizona I called upon the local Yelper population to assist me in finding hot dog joints to visit and eventually review. One of the places suggested was "Jimmy's Hot Dogs" which serves Chicago style hot dogs and within a few days I had made my way there. I pulled up to a non-descript looking building and sure enough Jimmy's was there with Vienna Beef umbrella's out and visible. I walked in and decided to go for a hot dog and fries. I took a few pictures of the place on the inside and headed back to the table to actually sample the hot dog here. I ordered a hot dog with everything, fries and a cup of water. A few minutes later my order was up and it was time to try it.The bun here was a classic poppy seed bun as often found on Chicago style hot dogs. The bun was mostly soft with a few of the edges being a bit dry. The relish was of the neon green variety and was applied a little too heavily. The onion was chopped and applied nicely to the dog. The mustard was well applied as well, two thin slices of tomato were at the bottom. A thin pickle slice at the top and a pair of sport peppers were on the dog as well. The sausage used here was the classic Vienna beef natural casing and was properly heated up. The overall taste of the dog was excellent. The bun on the edges was a little more dry than I would prefer and the relish was applied a bit too excessively, but overall this tasted excellent and is a great representation of a Chicago style hot dog for people in Phoenix to try.The fries wrapped with the hot dog were "fresh cut fries". Over the past decade or so these have become extremely popular with hot dog vendors in Chicago. The good news is these taste like authentic Chicago style fresh cut fries, the bad news is as in Chicagoland, these are usually hit or miss and these were about average for ones found around Chicago. They weren't too greasy but they were a bit on the bland side. I didn't finish off the fries, but I will say these were a lot like what many places in Chicago serve.Overall for a Chicago-Style restaurant 1500 miles away, Jimmy's Hot Dogs easily exceeded my expectations. I'd highly recommend this place if you want a good example of what a Chicago style hot dog should taste like in Arizona. I tried several other places (with more reviews coming) that were serving alleged Chicago style dogs while in Arizona, and none compared to Jimmy's. I am going to give this place a full five star review.
5	Well, you guys did it.  My work switched buildings on me so now I am in this area.  Had to scout out new places to go for lunch and found this place.  See, I go to lunch with my buddy from work who was born/raised in Chicago and bitches and whines if something isn't truly "authentic" and sure, he has his list of things that aren't but this place still rocks like the band Whitesnake in the 80's.  He has signed off on this place as being well above exceptional.On a budget, this place takes care of you.  Hell, for good food this places takes care of you.  Usually, I go for the double dog (which comes with an order of fries which I believe they double fry.  Apparently this is a Chicago thing but I don't know what the hell that means.  All I know is they are crispy)Typically I always get a hotdog of some sort and like a Schwarzenegger movie, it doesn't disappoint.  Had the meatball sub once to be different once and was all right.  Not bad, but all right.  Will stick to the hot dogs.Seems like I find myself here at least once a week, with the all to familiar conversation of "where do you want to eat?" and this is always our fallback spot.Other awesome pros I would like to add:-They leave the tv remote out on the table.  Got to piss off other people by watching a  "Saved by the Bell" a few weeks ago.  It was the dramatic episode where Jesse Spano was hooked on the pep pills so she could slam dunk the piss out of her test scores.-Girl who works the counter 100% of the time always asks "So how is your day going?"-Prices.  Very reasonable.  Thank you - (signed all underpaid corporate workers)-Typically clean tables, especially for the amount of customers who come in and out of here.  Seems more people have come in and out of here then they have inside of Paris Hilton.One suggestion:a-la-catre (am I spelling that right?) for a hot dog without the fries.  Just a suggestion.
4	I heard great things about this place, so I figured I should try it out. They had hot dogs, sausages, chicken sandwiches, ect... I ordered the spicy Italian sausage with tomatoes and pickles and I must say it was delicious! I really liked the bun was different but different good. My cousin had the chili cheese dog and he said that was delicious, he devoured that within a few minutes. I highly recommend this place and I'll be a returning customer for sure.
4	I was recommended to this place a few years ago and I'm glad because everything I've had here is pretty good. The staff is really on point with their customer service. Fries are good and my favorite to get is always the double dog with chili and cheese!
4	Great hot dog stand, except it's not a stand, it's an order first, then sit down and eat restaurant.  The grill is right behind the counter and busy, busy.  My food order showed up very quickly.  Hot dogs were decent.  I'll eat there again, fo sho.
2	Really good food. My entire office loves eating here. The perches aren't bad either. Sadly, the service is awful!!! They are lucky they have good food. The delivery girl slugged into our office awhile ago after an hour an half wait complained she's had quite the day an said she just wanted to die. Obviously she didn't really want to die, but how unprofessional. They never answer the phone an I call in almost all my orders. The same girl that delivers is always so rude when I do come in. It all just makes for an un-enjoyable experience, but I go for the food. HIRE NEW STAFF!
5	At first I was scared to get a hot dog for delivery but the delivery lady was very polite and my food. Where do I start?My chili cheese dog was AMAZING.  And the fries not crispy but were very delicious. And serving a strawberry crush soda in a bottle. Heaven has served me well. And the cheesecake. Oh bou, delicious. Good Job Jimmys Hot Dogs. I'll be back!
4	I very much enjoyed my chili dog! Considering I am pregnant, so I do not like all foods right now, but that was very tasty. The only issue I had was my fries were very over-cooked, but I would try it again. :) I found them on GrubHub, the first time I have used this website, I like that option. I ordered delivery, it took about an hour.
5	Best Hotdogs you'll ever have in the Phoenix you have to try them for yourself to know what i mean. the place is fully decorated in the little inside room that they have. The people working there are so quick its amazing.
5	Great hot dog joint! Gotta try the brats or Italian sausage as well - love the fries!!!
2	Maybe I'm just unlucky but I've been three times now and everytime I've gotten stale, hard buns. I think I'm done.
5	Great hot dog along with good prices makes this place a winner. Great home cut fries. Try the chile cheese dog and fries, comes with drink for around $5.50, yum! This place is really friendly and I like that the cashier always asks how your day is going. I always reply "It's going great now that I am at Jimmy's"
3	Just went here for lunch.  Love that it was so near home!The service was not the friendliest.  I didn't feel welcome.The chili cheese dog - Loved the hot dog, Loved the bun.  Didn't care for the taste of the chili.  Looking forward to trying a plain hot dog next time.The Italian Beef Sandwich - good.  I would get it without the provolone next time.The fries - okay.  I think they would be better double fried.  Liked that they had malt vinegar to put on them.The onion rings - good
4	Outside of Chicago, this was the best hot dog I've ever had.  I can't speak of the restaurant because this order was delivered, but it was delivered in a timely manner!I ordered a hot dog (comes with french fries) with a pickle, relish, ranch dressing, parmesan cheese and tomato.  The combination of flavors might sound odd, but it was everything I hoped it would be.  The ranch and the relish juice combined to create this sort of pastel green ooze dripping out the back of the bun, which I thought was really cool but my table mates thought was a bit odd.  The sesame bun was no match to such a full hot dog, but it was much better than a typical, cheap hot dog bun.  The fries were meh, a little soft a brown for my taste.  The chili dogs looked pretty good too, but make sure you ask for cheese if you expect to get some.If you're getting a delivery or to-go order, I highly recommend you request the dogs in a box rather than wrapped up, especially if you get a lot of toppings.  It can get a little messy!
5	To start off the cheese fries are awesome.The hotdogs hit the spot but the down side is the buns aren't steamed and the dogs a bit chewy.The fries aren't to great but yes they are great with the cheese. The owner is pretty nice guy.Still pretty good place and even though I dont live near here it's something to drive for.
4	First review ever! Went to Jimmy's Hot Dogs for lunch today. Wow. I got the jumbo dog with the hand-cut fries. The dog was amazing, with a casing that gave it a real crunch. And what else need I  say except 'fresh, hand-cut fries' This is definitely a new lunch spot!
3	Awesome hot dogs, fries are ...OK small portions but for a smaller price at least, service  was mediocre. Restaurant is very clean though.
4	One of the better dogs you'll get in PHX!
