5	I have been waiting ever so patiently for Gadzooks to open. I felt like that chic in the Mervyn's commercial standing at the window, saying "open, open, open." I drove by today and saw a parking lot FULL of cars. I quickly pulled over and ran to the door to snag a place in line. It was totally worth the wait. They make the tortillas with fresh masa while you are in line, so it is totally fresh. The meat is incredible and the sauce is so flippin' delicious. I topped everything with pickled onions and a fried egg, my favorites. I am a little apprehensive about this place opening though, because it is within walking distance to my house. I can feel my wallet crying already. I am going to be here often to try their other combos.
2	So I too have been patiently waiting for this place to open, as I drive by it daily on my way to and from work. I have also been CRAVING Mexican food, and enchiladas and soup were top on my list to indulge in! I understand that this was their 2nd day open, and I also agree that staff was extremely friendly and informational, the owners brother was even there helping out!On to the food - I order for myself and another person, we got the short rib, pork verde and cheese enchilada. Mine was topped with guacamole, his with the tomatilla salsa. As for the enchiladas themselves, they smelled amazing, but the taste was far from it! There was little to no flavor from the meat. I was charged an additional $1 for the guacamole (that I wasn't told about), but the guacamole was delicious. My friend said the tomatilla salsa was the best part of his order. We also got some chicken tortilla soup... again, nothing special! :( It was nothing to write home about!Overall, I am very disappointed with the food and had extremely high expectations and was let down!!!
5	So excited to see new restaurants moving into district 4! Gadzooks is an amazing concept started by Aaron. I had their pork green chile and guajillo short rib "chirstmas style" enchiladas which means a combination of the red and green sauce. Its so cool to see them making the tortillas fresh in house and I absolutely loved their lava salsa which is so spicy but so good. Also the homemade guac is fresh and delicious. Cant wait to come back and try the bison.
5	GADZOOKS!!! The name says it all.... I have been waiting for this place to open and have been folowing on Facebook for months and when I finally heard there was going to be a soft open/ lunch service I jumped at the opportunity to full fill my enchilada craving. As everybody has been saying the owner Aaron was very helpful and a shorter man that had a striking resemblance to Sean Astin (the guy from Rudy/ Lord of The Rings) was also very informative about the menu.I ate the short rib enchilada and the chicken, both took me on a one way trip straight to flavor town. If it was winter and I was wearing socks.... they would have been blown off. "On top" you have got to get the Guac, it cost a little extra, but trust me.... just trust me K!!One thing I was not expecting was to see somebody hand making tortillas and asking me, "corn" or "50/50" (a half corn half flour tortilla). Knowing full well that swimsuit season is just around the corner I decided what the heck, 50/50.... and for those of you that don't know, 50+50=100. and those tortillas are 100% delicious. A side of chips came in handy to scoop up the remaining guac, sauce and cheese left from my devouring of the Lada. I cant tell you how many times I have been to a Mexican food place and the integrity of the tortilla chip was compromised with every returning dip to the salsa bowl or guac. If the dip was the battlefield, these chips are the Sherman Tank of WW2 that plowed through the field and won the war in Europe. After my trek trough the dip i tossed that bad boy in my mouth and all the sudden it was no longer a tank, but rather a hot air balloon, light and crisp, the perfect chip each time.I am excited to return and try the Spinach and mushroom enchilada and the "smashed" potato enchilada. I am not a Vegetarian but like Pokemon, I gotta catch em all!!! I am thrilled to have a great patio spot on the way home from work to stop and grab a bite and beer before heading home to my nagging roommate. A great addition to the local feel that CenPho is developing!!!
4	We stopped in on a whim and we were glad we did. This is no ordinary taco shop! We ordered two smashed jack potato/marinated spinach & mushroom enchiladas, covered in spicy green sauce with just a touch of homemade guacamole and two orders of tortilla soup. I went with the corn tortillas, which are thick and did not get soggy and disintegrate as soon as the sauce touched them. The flavor of everything was outstanding and the portions were just right. I have no need for a burrito that weighs as much as a bowling ball although I realize that for some people, more food = more value. I will take more flavor anytime. For the meat eaters, I noticed that they have short rib, bison, chicken, and I am sure some type of beef but I wasn't pay that close of attention to that. The menu is simple but there is a wide variety of toppings and fillings to customize your order. The prices are reasonable, too. The enchiladas, soups, and three drinks came to a grand total of $20.13 and we were more than satisfied. We will be back!
5	Fresh enchiladas prepared before your very eyes! Warm, soft, tasty tortillas and bith traditional and unusual fillings and toppings, all very tasty. We haven't found anything we don't like here.It's a "fast food" model, but very comfortable. Great prices. Easy parking.
4	The Meal.  The lava sauce was spicy: heat and smokiness; great stuff. The potato jack enchiladas Christmas style with Chihuahua Cheese and topped with freshly made sour cream was DELISH!  I enjoyed the oven where they heat up your clay dish holding your enchiladas; it is brilliant!  The only thing that I think could be improved upon, meal wise, is the corn tortilla itself.  The tortilla was too thick, which led to it unrolling while it was being prepared and while eating it.  I think if they were to make it just a little thinner, it would make the tortilla hold its shape better.Service.  It's still their first week.  They were nice and ready to answer questions, but a little slow getting ready for the lunch time crowd.  It was fine, we weren't in a rush, but one thing to improve is have one person for each station.  While I was attended there were multiple people, some unsure where to go and what to do, and only a couple of people preparing the dish, which led to a bit of chaos and time delay in the kitchen side.  Ambiance. The place was nice, clean, modern, and casual. Love it! Especially the light fixtures! The patio outside was great!  Maybe one thing to consider is add a couple of those pavers from your patio exit to the north parking lot  along the gravel garden, you know to reduce people walking all over your rock and ruining the wonderful landscaping.  Portion. The two enchilada plate did not fill the stomachs of my coworkers, nor mine, we filled our cups twice with beverage and that held us over.  One of the guys did get a three enchilada plate with a drink and that did the trick for him.
4	I have been watching this restaurant slowly go up since I drive by it every day after work. The building has a very clean and modern look and so does the inside so it has caught my eye. Since it finally opened up recently I had to go try it. I went there last night for dinner and got the Green Chile Pork enchilada and the Short Rib enchilada. They were both quite good, but the Short Rib enchilada was especially delicious. I also got the guacamole on top for an extra dollar, which was given in a very generous portion and was a creamy, smooth guacamole. There are also various toppings you can get such as pico de gallo and a creamy sour cream among other things. I also must mention that the flour tortillas are made in the restaurant and were extremely good. The restaurant is clearly in it's soft opening and some kinks need to be worked out with the food assembly line. Also, since the enchiladas are put in an open fire oven in a clay-like dish, the dishes are extremely hot when you go to eat your food so beware. Furthermore, these dishes are put on metal trays for carrying your clay dish to your table and the metal trays get a little toasty from the heat of the dish. This could be better thought out and may not be the best way to serve these fire hot clay dishes. I'm thinking something like a cork or wooden tray or put the clay dish in a cork holder or something of the sort. Despite the kinks, I will definitely be going here again and will be recommending it to friends and family.
4	The enchiladas were AWESOME. However I had read some reviews that the portions were small for the price and that is correct. Basically after tax it is $7.50 for just 2 enchiladas and I would say it would take 3 enchiladas to be equal to a Chipotle burrito...maybe even 4. I just have a hard time spending $10-$11 for 2 enchiladas, chips and guac. So for me the food was really good but they need to make an order of enchiladas consist of 3 instead of 2 for the price they are charging.
1	I am generous with one star. Stopped in yesterday with high hopes.
2	I live right down the street, so I have been watching the renovation progress for some time now.  Needless to say, I've been looking forward to this place opening up.  I was born and raised in New Mexico, so homemade Mexican food was always a staple at our house.Let me start with saying that the food was good.  The sauces were very flavorful, and I was mostly pleased with the end product.  The experience as a whole is what was disappointing for me.  The menu....it is not your regular run-of-the-mill order the item as it reads.  You build your own meal based on many different varieties.  While the staff wasn't rude, they were not very helpful with helping the guests through the process.  Bottom line, ordering was extremely awkward.  On top of that, they were out of a few things that I would consider staples to the experience, such as corn tortillas, pico de gallo, and one of the red salsas.  I expected the whole ordering to paying time to be somewhat comparable to that of a Chipotle or Subway experience, but it took much MUCH longer...even though the restaurant was relatively empty.  My boyfriend and I ordered to go, and at the very end of it all our meals in tin containers were simply wrapped in tissue paper and string.  The cheese and sauce was all stuck to the top by the time we got home, a mere mile away.  Not to mention you couldn't stack them on top of eachother because there wasn't a more rigid surface on top of the container.  My advice would be to sell the expensive string wrapping machine, and spend a little money on some plain old take out lids.In the end, the taste of the food was jaded by our overall experience.  I am still undecided as to whether or not to go back.  Needless to say, after months of waiting for this place to come to fruition, I was definitely disappointed with it....total bummer.
1	Dont bother. We got takeout and we were dissappointed by the entire experience. *There were about 10 people working but they all seemed to just be hanging out.*We were ther an hour before closing and they were out of everything.*The enchilada sauce was extremely thick and mushy*The food was cooked in a pizza oven which melted the cheese but left the insides cold* There are plenty of filling options but they are all mediocre, the quality just isnt there.*When you order food to go they just wrap the hot open faced container with paper and string, the paper rips and sticks yo your food, you are unable to stack the containers, and your food is cold by the time you get home.* Theres no beans! Or rice!Needless to say we will not be returning, we would rather have chipotle or Cafe Rio
2	My friend was raving about this place so we went over there together with our kids one evening.  They took her order right away, and then it was at least five minutes before they took our order.  There were five to six people behind the counter, but not much appeared to be happening.  There were two people standing directly opposite behind the counter, but they did not even say" hello", "welcome ot Gadzooks", or "be right with you".  Now, lets' talk about the menu.  Extremely confusing.  It's very unclear how to order a meal.  Additionally, there is no kids menu.  I asked if they could make my daughter a cheese quesadilla, which they were more than happy to do, but when I went to pay, I discovered that the quesadilla was the size of a small pancake, and they wanted 3.50 for it.  I told them for that price, they needed to add another quesadilla, which they did without question.  I think at Chipotle you can get an entire kids meal including quesadilla, rice, beans and drink, for about the same price.  So my suggestion would be to add a kids menu.  Okay, now for the food.  It was decent.  I ordered the spinach mushroom enchiladas with a goat cheese shmear.  I left feeling hungry.  A side of rice and beans would have been great.  I don't know if they offer that or not, but it doesn't come with the meal.  While my friend likes this place, and will probably go regularly, I doubt I will ever go back.
3	I'd really like to give 2 stars but I'm hoping someone reads the reviews and fixes some of the problems.  So we have been waiting patiently for this place to open...very excited to finally try it.  We get to the counter and it's very confusing and no one offers any help...except another CUSTOMER.  The employees behind the counter acted like they really didn't want to be there and how on earth could we NOT know the order process.  Felt a little irritated by that.  Anyway, the food was actually really good.  I had two enchiladas, one potato and the other spinach.  The man had a rib taco and green chile enchilada.  I tried all the sauces.  I liked my choices but I loooooved the man's even better.  Next time I go I am definitely carnivoring it up.  They were out of bison which I really wanted to try.  So next time I will know HOW to order, WHAT to order and hopefully have a more pleasant experience.
4	This is a pleasant addition to the area.  The food is fantastic. Flavors of authentic mexican preparations; Roasted chile', fresh tortillas... A friendly fella preparing meals recommended I try the bison. He even went as far as offering a sample, which i politely declined and went straight for the bison as my enchilada choice. His sincerity while offering the meat option made me feel  that he was stoked to have it and proud to serve it. Strong choice!! They were phenomenal. I'll be heading back again, without a doubt. I didn't take note of a bike rack, however, it's certainly a place to consider for some tasty neighborhood eats. Thanks for all of your hard work and preparation Gadzooks, you're serving up great meals. I'll be spreading the word.
5	Just had the most amazingly delicious Party with a capital P, in my mouth! First time here, but not my last! Had the 50/50 tortillas, one pork, one chicken, green sauce, baked and bubbling to perfection, out of the oven drizzled with fresh scratch made crema, crumbled cotija cheese, and vinaigrette slaw topping it all off. Side of hand-smashed guacamole made it complete. Can't wait to try some secret menu items, I was made aware of tonight! Thanks Eric! ;-)
5	I ate there yesterday and I think they have fixed the problems other users had below.  The menu is simple and they explained it to me as soon as I got there.  It's basically tacos, enchilades and soup. I didn't try the soup.  You have a choice of made to order corn or flour tortillas. Then they fill it with choice of fillings. I highly recommend the shortrib but the green chile chicken was very good too. Then you choose toppings like picked onions, pico de gallo, enchilada sauce, crema & cheeses.  Everything is really fresh and delicious. I also tried the guac which was fantastic.  The entrees are less than $7, so you can actually eat lunch for under $10, which is great.  The concept seems similar to, but a step above, Chipotle.  In fact, I liked it so much that I was craving it and actually went back again today.  The employees both days were very helpful and asked if I'd had a good experience.  Frankly, it was an excellent lunch and I have no complaints. I will go there often. If you had a bad experience, I think it is worth a second chance!
5	Amazing food. Have been wanting to go here since it opened. Cool design, lots of room, and awesome food. Very busy but worth the wait. I want to try everything on their menu. Go nuts and get all the toppings...its worth it. Finally the modern enchilada has arrived!!!
5	This place is great. They are doing a great job considering they haven't even had their grand opening yet!Food is delicious, staff is helpful and nice and they all really want to know how to make everything better and are actively working on it. I did not find the menu confusing, you choose your tortilla, filling, cheese sauce and topping ... not hard. Keep it up! You're doing a great job and you can only get better from here :)
4	Stopped by yesterday for some carry out to heat up later. Have to say the short ribs were amazing, the chicken was great, and the pork just OK. Topped Christmas style b/c the Hub prefers red sauce to my green - but this time we both switched teams. I found the red to be smooth, smokey, and complex - while the green was grainy and piquant with less kick than advertised - but he loved it. Liked the combo corn/flour tortilla the kid behind the counter recommended. Have to say at 4:30, the product in line pans were looking a little tired. Be nice if they were scraped down and cleaned up. Felt like it was lunch leftovers before the night rush. Which, at the proper temp is NP, it's just a mental/marketing thing...Hey did anyone notice SOUP? Totally missed it in the 'experience'. Next time.
2	Overall my experience at Gadzooks was a dissappointment. I had been excited to try this place for months. First, the customer experience is extremely lacking. The place was so quiet. There was no music, no tvs; just the awkward sound of echoing conversation from the other patrons. Not the worst thing ever though. I stared at the menu for at least five minutes before any aknowledgement. Then, the only words from behind the counter were "what are you getting?" For a new place, a little helpful guidance or possibly some explaination would be great. Especially when the have several types of tortillas, meats, cheeses and sauces. I don't really know what I want yet, because I don't understand whats going on yet. everone was grumpy, except the gal at the cash register. ;/Presentation was not great either. The ceramic dishes wer nice, sturdy and cooled quickly. The to-go packaging was really neat as well. What wasn't neat, was the soup dish. It was a cup. Like, a paper cup that you put a fountain soda in. Uh... that seems pretty ratchet. no soup bowls, or paper soup cups? Also, the food along the toppings line was just sitting in an empty steam/cooling table in what looked like storage containers. Also, they only have 2, very small trash cans that were almost un-noticeable. Napkins, straws, silverware: all seemingly happhazardly thrown in a divider next to the fountain.Did they rush to open so quick, that they cut a few corners? It defintiely seems like it. They probably should have waited another month, so that customers would have a genuine "WOW' experience.Next was the food. Simply put, I didn't like it. I can admit that the reason for this was no fault of the establishment, but my own personal tastes. It just wasn't my type. They definitely have some decent options but they were missing an obvious staple. BEEF! At least, I didn't see any, and as I stated earlier, the employees were less than helpful, so if there was a beef option with a zany nickname, I had no idea. The tortillas were either corn, or a corn/flour hybrid. I prefer flour, so they werent my favorite. The rating i am giving here is based 90% on my experience, not so much the food.Final thought: After much built-up anticipation, I was underwhelmed when I got in, and left feeling hungry and frustrated. Hopefully, in a few months when I give it another shot, some noticeble customer service improvmnets will have been made.
5	Now that enchiladas have become my preferred regional dish, when I read about this place I knew I had to try it ASAP. Gadzooks has a very lively vibe about it, from the cool layout of the building to the enthusiasm of the staff. I tried two of their enchiladas: guajillo braised short ribs and sauteed spinach mushroom, with "Christmas" style sauces (red and green sauces), topped with asadero and chihuahua cheeses and a side of pico salsa. Both enchiladas were excellent, especially the short ribs one - so good I wish I got an extra one. And I could have (you could "add a lada" for 2 bucks more), but it turns out it's a good thing I didn't because I also ordered Linda's homemade tortilla soup - it was really tasty, and I had it topped with potatoes and crema. The soup was so hearty that it could be a light meal by itself; no wonder it was listed as a main dish and not a side. I would suggest to them, though, that they serve the soup in a bowl rather than in the tall cup that they use. I wish the folks here well and hope for their success. This is a very welcome addition to the central corridor of the city.
3	So my first impression was that this was a yuppie urban Chipotle's only more confusing since the menu was written over head instead of behind the servers which is ten times easier.  BUT, the beef short rib enchilada was SO good and the choices of toppings (cheeses, vegies, etc) were SO much better.  And they top it off by baking it in a cute little clay dish in the oven.  It was YUMMY!  The chips, however....much better at Chipotles.  I will definitely go back for lunch soon and try some of the other interesting dishes...probably not for dinner.
1	I like the location but the food leaves much to be desired. The food was bland and the service was mediocre. I would urge you to spare yourself the disappointment.
4	Wonderful food fresh and flavorful.  Watch out Chipotle this new kid on the block is going to give you a run for your money. The tortillas are made from scratch in front of you and you build your choice of street tacos or enchiladas or one of each.  They are in a building that once housed a dress shop so there is a surprise when your to go order is presented.  I recommend this.
4	Great place for lunch or a lite dinner. The service is great and friendly staff. My only complaint was the giant menu written high up on the wall, it puts a strain on your neck.
4	I work across the street from Gadzooks and waited for it to open for what seemed like forever. I just got a chance to try it today. The staff greeted me right away and could tell I had never been (i assume) they explained how everything worked to make my 1st time easy. The process was not hard at all unless you can't make up your mind what you like. They do have many choices which can seem overwhelming, but I was brave and decided quickly. I got the braised ribs and green chille pork enchiladas with the christmas sauce and tried a little of all of the cheeses. They topped everything and melted it together in the wood oven. I have to say that I very much enjoyed it and was a great experience. The food was very good and the place is very nice and clean. Will be going back for sure.
3	It's good.  It's like "...a Chipotle for enchiladas"  (which brings up the question, why doesn't Chipotle do enchiladas?)  It's just not a bargain.I got two enchiladas, one bison, one green chili chicken.  With a drink, it was $9.  The bison was a whole lot of nothing.  Carolinas puts out a better machaca beef enchilada for, I think, $2.75.  The green chili chicken was delicious and had a nice zing to it.  And the "Lava" hot sauce was EVERYTHING IT SHOULD BE!  Flavorful, spicey, excellent.What DID look REALLY delicious were the chopped salads.  Alright, "a" chopped salad, meaning the guy in front of me.  They piled everything for the salad in an enchilada bowl, dramatically dumped it out on a chopping board and then chopped it in front of you.  I saw this guy, the guy in front of me in line, on his way out the door, and I asked him, "was it as good as it looked?"  "Better", he said.  "Friggin' GREAT salad!  Also, not inexpensive.And by the way, "half a spoon" of guacamole, for $1, sucks.  I know avocados are expensive, but it's not worth it.
5	It's not that often that I try a new place and love it so much I tell everyone I know all about it. Gadzooks is one of those places.Being a "foody" (self-described anyway), it's also not that often that I go to the same place multiple times over a short period of time. Gadzooks is also one of those places. As of last night, I have been there 5 times in two weeks.Maybe I'm forgetful or flakey or whatever the case maybe, but there are many times that I've tried something and loved it but by the time I get home I've forgotten about it. Not that I would call that meal forgettable, but because I am usually always on the go and  always thinking about what's next. This was not the case this time. I was texting my mom and boyfriend while I was stuffing my face, the next day at work I was telling everyone about how good everything was.I had wanted to try Gadzooks before it even opened. I knew nothing about it, just seemed interesting and fun. So I finally get to try it and everything was so tasty. I was definitely not disappointed! Everything just has so much flavor, and the perfect textures...What I was really impressed is that regardless of which meat or vegetarian option I got, or if I got red or green sauce (or both), or which of the three cheeses or 2 sauces I got, everything went so well together.You can't really make a mistake when building your enchilada (or tacos or whatever you get). It just all works.The staff has always been friendly and not afraid to give their two cents when asked. The prices are fair. I paid just over $9 last night for two enchiladas and two pumpkin cookies,I have not one complaint about Gadzooks and am already excited about my next visit!
5	Excellent! Had the green chili pork enchiladas and was not disappointed ! Friendly staff, great atmosphere !
5	I didn't know what to expect, went in with an open mind, and I was pleasantly surprised. The meats are cooked extremely well, you can choose what else you want with your dish, the staff are very patient and very informative, they really know what and how the items are executed. It is clean and a true great experience with a very reasonable price. A great place!! Definitely will come back....
4	This place has a Chipotle type ordering system but the flavors and unique style of making the dish is absolutely great. I tried the two enchilada plus a lada for 2$ more. So I tried the chicken, pork and bison.. All very moist and flavorful. Topped them with cotija cheese sour cream and guacomole..I thought the prices are adequate. I highly recommend this place.
2	Two things,First  I will NEVER understand a restaurant when you tell them "it's my first time here" and it just flies by their head. Please, check back, "did you like the food?" "Come back." "Here is a sample of something you didn't try." Nada! Off my soapbox.Ok, if your a Mexican food place the spicy thing on your menu should not be the potatoes. Food was very bland, mushy, and seemed to have been sitting there awhile. Comparisons to chipotle for ambiance are accurate. I will go back in a few months to see if its gotten better, it's a great concept. Side note: upon walking up, you are smacked in the face with the smell of fish. It's from a pond nearby, come mid summer it's going to STINK!
5	Eat here!  Bring your family and friends here!My husband would make fun of the concept of an enchilada place as we drove by, but one I night I said we were eating there anyway and he loved the food as much as I did!I've had both the chicken and the beef and both were delicious.  Green sauce recommended!  I've heard from others I have taken that the spinach and mushroom filling is even better than the beef.Only issue is the line can get a bit backed up with all the options they have and people going in their first time.  It would be great if they could also put some guidance as to the options on the glass between the customers and the enchiladistas so you didn't have to keep stepping back and looking up.I plan on going back at least weekly...and I don't think my husband will mind either :)
4	The enchiladas were really good but the tortilla soup was just ok. I took my kid who is 7 and we had a little trouble finding something for her to eat. The gal behind encounter was very accommodating and made her something that she wanted. We'll go again.
3	A spicy 3.5 stars!  A good value and locally owned venture in central Phoenix.  Stopped in and tackled some tacos to go.  There was a wide variety of meat and veggie options.Sampled the Short rib and Chile-pork tacos that both had a little zip to them.  The chicken tacos are the safest bet on the spicy barometer, but still flavorful.  The homemade flour/corn tortillas are a nice touch.  I'd take the staff up on the offer to melt the cheese in the wood fire stove as our food was a little cold when we got home.  I'll definitely go back to try some different combinations of meats and homemade salsas.(Referring To-Go order) It seems that the packaging is a little over the top and wasteful - although beautifully done.  The food is served up in a circular aluminum foil pan, typical for Mexican fare, and then slid into an orange square sleeve for marketing purposes.  We had two dishes so they were then stuffed into a Spanish Inquisition styled contraption that then binds the two packages together.  While fun to watch the first time, it does slow down the line, then is annoying to cut off when you're to your destination and ready to scarf down.  All in all, I'd rather save the trees and the 45 seconds it takes to wrap them. (Perhaps change the packaging for the tacos as they we soggy when we got home)The interior/exterior of the building are very contemporary, which adds to the allure of wanting to sit and have a beer with your meal. It makes a great alternative to Chipotle and your dollars stay local.  A few fine tweaks and it could easily be a 5 star experience:)
4	Take Chipotle and, cross it with wood-fired pizza minus the pizza, add your own personal twist then throw in some out of the ordinary choices (bison tacos, anyone?) and voila, Gadzooks.You get to choose from soup, tacos or enchiladas and pick out your choice of meats and cheeses. After they stick it in the oven to get it all melty and toasty you add on veggies and our salas, perhaps grab and beer and your done.I came not too long after it opened and it took a while to get my order in. A lot of that had to do with that fact that none of us really knew what our choices were. The menus aren't that clear so I found  myself guessing up to the last minute before making a rush decision as to not hold up the line any more. It was a little haphazard behind the counter as well because the staff didn't quite seem to know what was going on or what they were supposed to do. It was like a poor assembly line that went horribly slow to suddenly speed up. It was like watching Lucy and Ethel make enchiladas.Once i got my order though the meat was tender and delicious and I really enjoyed it. I would probably go just a little less melty next time. I think I need to go a few more times and become more acquainted with the menu I'm sure I'll like it even more. I'm sure too that by now that staff are more experienced and running like a well-oiled machine.
4	It's a nice clean place with good food and a friendly staff.  Do it!
5	This place is totally amazing. They figured out how to make enchiladas not only fun and cool...but absolutely delicious. The meat selection is awesome...and the tortillas are incredible. Highly recommend. You will be back.
4	Quirkly good... Aligned with other reviews, it is similar to a Chipotle, but with enchiladas as the main fare. The ordering process is a bit clumsy, but the results are darn good.I opted for a mix of veggies enchiladas - smashed potatoes, spinach, etc.. They are hand rolled and topped with the sauce of your choice. They add a few options - cheese, pico, etc.. that you can choose from.The end result was top notch. Spicy, but not overpowering. Hot, but not so burning hot that I could not eat it immediately. The chips was really good as well.Stop in, piece together enchiladas your style, pop a squat and enjoy. I will be back....
3	Pretty good lunch. I ordered two enchiladas and tortilla soup. I filled my enchiladas with bison and pork and chose the "hybrid" tortilla. Everything was good, but nothing to write home about.
2	Went back to give it another shot (now that we had experience ordering).  I really wanted to try the bison which was out the first time.  Now the bison is only available at lunch...huh?!?!?!! This time was total opposite...the food was not very good but the service was really great.  I had the potato enchilada and the chicken enchilada...pieces of the chicken were almost inedible, almost like they mixed overcooked, old chicken in with new chicken that was cooked OK.  The chicken alone ruined the whole meal.There's a slim chance I would give it another shot, but with that chicken and now bison only at lunch...probably not.
4	Wow, what a  solid enchilada! It's kind of Chipotle style where you pick your meats and toppings and sauces etc, but way better quality. i went with the braised short rib, took  both red and green sauce and had them top it off with a fried egg. If that's not enchilada porn to you, we can't be friends. all in all, soild food at a great price!
4	I've been watching this place under construction for a while, and was glad to have the opportunity to pick up a late lunch to go today.  I wanted to try a variety of their options, so I got a 2 enchilada plate with chicken with green sauce and short rib with red sauce, as well as an order of chips with hot salsa on the side.The food was fantastic.  I was a little skeptical of how they were going to pull off the cheese part in a to go order (my favorite part of enchiladas is the melted cheese on top!) but by putting the enchiladas in the oven right in a foil to go dish, the cheese was melted perfectly!  Both meats were tasty and high quality, and the sauces were savory and amazing.  The chips were clearly homemade and the salsa was plenty spicy but also flavorful.I took off one star for an ambiance issue - it was SO loud in there with all of the stone/metal surfaces that it was hard to hear and speak to the line cooks to place my order without shouting and leaning a bit toward/over the super high glass partition.  A little bit of insulation for noise reduction would do wonders.I can't wait to go back and try the cornbread and mashed potato enchiladas, as well as the chicken tortilla soup!
4	This is a very fun, creative, and healthy way to enjoy enchiladas.  While the setup does have a Chipotle-type feel, the ingredients are more unique.  I especially liked the oven element to warm your tasty enchilada.  My biggest complaint, there was not enough parking and seating was a challenge.  Notwithstanding, I will go back!
3	Tried the salad and 2 enchiladas. Was very good, thought it was good value for money. Ordering was a bit strange but I thought the servers tried to explain how to do it. It is a bit noisy inside though, if not, good experience and would recommend.
4	The enchiladas are unparalleled.  Quick and easy service with lots of options.  An upscale Chipotle.
4	I'm a pretty big fan of this place.  Yes the ordering can be a little time consuming, but when you consider that by the time you reach the end of the line, you are handed over a freshly baked casserole chocked full of yummy goodness, it sort of makes up for it all.So there are a few things you should know when ordering.  1) You can get nachos.  They're not on the board, but they will make them up and they are delish (and big).  2) The soup is awesome.  I wish they offered more than one size but it is tasty and built to your tastes, just like everything else.  3) The spicy cornbread filling should be nominated for its own food group.  This is seriously the best thing that I have tasted in a really long time.  4) The grapefruit margarita is fantastic.  Perfectly crisp and refreshing for our super-hot summer days, do yourself a favor and get one or two (or three).  5) The pumpkin cookies with touch of caramel frosting is a must have.  It is the optimal ending for the meal and since it's not heavy, it's a great topper.The staff is friendly.  The space is clean.  The food is fantastic.  Yep, I'm a pretty big fan!
5	Simply amazing.the food was so God, and the service was perfect. 5 stars all the way.
3	Gadzooks is a new taco joint in the Phoenix area, only their main staple is enchiladas not tacos. Sorta like Chipotle, but different. Overall, the good was pretty good but heavy for lunch. The issue this with Gadzooks is the choices, simply way too many of them. I counted a total of 7 distinct choices you need to make to get your enchilada, And halfway through the process, they pop it in the oven to heat. This maybe viewed as a positive by some, but not me. Why, takes too long to get your food! Long story short, decent food but the long wait will keep me away.
4	was not sure what to expect...but, it was fantastic. Some great choices and fresh ingredients.
4	I have no problem with choices, I happen to like them. Yes, there are a lot of items to choose from but the staff is happy to have you taste sauces and such to make sure you get what you like. I found the staff friendly and very accommodating and willing to explain how everything is prepared and how everything works.I especially liked the beef short rib filling. It was delicious and melts in  your mouth. I thought the chips were a bit greasy and weren't really needed with the filling enchiladas so I will probably skip that next time. I also think I added too much to my enchiladas and so I couldn't taste everything distinctly. But that's my problem.My one problem is that the place is called Enchiladas and Soup. I was really hoping to try both. Why not offer a one enchilada/cup of soup combo?
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE IT!!!!  I've eaten there several times - probably once a week since they opened - and yes, the line is long and maybe the way they prepare your food could be a bit more organized.  But the FLAVORS..OMG...so worth the wait.  The fresh made corn or 50/50 tortillas that are made right before your eyes - they taste so good that I crave them.  I've had the tacos and the enchiladas and my favorite are:  1) to get one pork taco and one chicken taco with a mix of cheese, pico salsa, crema, and gotta get the guac; or 2) when I'm in the 'lada mood is to get one pork and one potato (yes-potato-they're AWESOME!!) with the red sauce and a mix of cheese, the pico salsa, the crema and the guac.  Two tacos or two 'ladas may not seem like enough, but it is...I can't finish them.  You can also add one more for an additional charge if you're really hungry.  The staff is great - they have a fanstatic attitude and give you service with a smile.  Even though sometimes it is frustrating to stand and wait when the line is out the door, you get a positive vibe.  The place is fresh and clean -could probably use more parking, but we ARE in downtown Phoenix.
5	Comparing to Chipotle?  Sure, similar atmosphere.  Food?  Waaay better and truly delicious - after I had the enchiladas, I had to try the rib taco, which was awesome.  Value?  Some reviews say it's pricey, but these same people ought to call Chipotle pricey as well, since they are in the same ballpark.  Personally, I thought it was a good value, especially considering how tasty it was and some of the options available.  As far as service goes, I think they must have kicked into gear, because the counter people were friendly and helpful.  Every new business has its growing pains and maybe that is what a few reviewers experienced a few months ago, but I was personally very satisfied with this place, and glad I tried it.  Definitely will be returning soon.Side note - to the person that said $1 for guacamole was too much - I hope you realize it's $1.80 extra at Chipotle, and try to make your own guac for cheaper...people do have to make some kind of profit, whatever measly amount they get from your $1.
5	My friend and I really wanted to try Gadzooks.  So, we finally went last week for lunch.  It is a cute little place off of 7th street & Osborn.  The downside on this place is that the parking is really small. The cool thing about this place is that they make your food right in front of you. Also it is like a chipotle, but they sell enchiladas.  I got two enchiladas, one with chicken and the other one with short ribs with red and green sauce.  They even put a fried egg on top of it.  OMG it was really good.  So, if you are looking for a place to go for quick and great food.  You should totally go here.
5	Oh dear GOD! This place is so amazing. I seriously don't know how the lines aren't out the door and around the corner! My sister lives nearby and she demanded that we try it. Boy, was she right when she said it's like an orgasm in your mouth! Can you say QUALITY?!?! I feel like this is what I expected at Gallo Blanco but was disappointed. First of all, the tortillas are extremely fresh; considering they start with a ball of dough and flatten/cook it right on the grill in your face!! The three of us shared 4 tacos, 2 pork and 2 beef, half corn/half flour, with red AND green sauce; plus an enchillada with a fried egg on top!! I literally could not stop eating.  We somehow stopped ourselves from being super fatkids and took home some leftovers (portions are pretty generous). Still superb as a leftover btw. The staff was super nice, can't wait to come back!
1	Gazooks, Gazooks, Gazooks - I wanted to like you, I really did. Enchiladas and soup - interesting concept though mysteriously, I found only one soup on the menu upon arrival. Yes sir, I was greeted by a single lonely Tortilla soup but yet the "soup" part somehow snug into the restaurant's naming convention. And while on the topic of corn, please know that asking your staff if the corn was organic was akin to asking "what is the meaning of life?" It required pondering so deep that I was unlikely to get an answer in this lifetime. So I resigned myself to my GMO corn maza and headed past some dried out looking fillings (was that mashed potatoes I saw??) for the toppings...still hopeful.  What an  impressive array indeed.  There is not much I don't like about Pico de Gallo, except maybe for someone fishing for the spoon in its deepest depths. Glove or no glove, I'm not a fan of anything that requires being buried wrist deep. Call it a personal preference. I finally sat down in the noisy room amongst my fellow starved and desperate cubicle dwellers. Upon first bite,  I suddenly understood the importance of the topping selection. You see, without the addition of every creamy substance known to man, your enchiladas are regretfully forgettable. The overall concept strikes me as an interesting cross of Chipotle and Subway - just minus flavorful food, but with the general poor training of Subway staff. So Gazooks, we are not a match. It's me, not you. (Disclaimer: The aforementioned phrase is designed to maintain your self-esteem while really expressing that it is, in fact, you.)
5	Love this place! The staff is really friendly and there are vegan/raw options. I ordered the spinach and mushroom enchiladas (no cheese) and I was impressed!  It's hard to make enchiladas taste good without cheese, but the house-made salsas and guacamole did the trick.  I'm glad to find another cool local restaurant, I will totally come back.
5	I really appreciate it when a restaurant takes a simple concept and runs with it. There's no need to overcomplicate the menu if done right, and my friends, Gadzooks is a shining example of that. The menu is straightforward, enchiladas and soup. Enchiladas are prepped Chipotle style, by which I mean, you go down a line adding fillings/toppings to customize your 'ladas. If you know how your taste buds work, you shouldn't have a problem putting together a winning combination! This is especially true because everything is tasty. I've had the pleasure of trying the chicken, spare rib, pork, and bison (only served at lunch), and all left me craving more. My two favorites are probably the bison and the chicken though. As far as other ingredients to add, there's a great variety. Fresh veggies, salsas, sauces, guacamole, and even housemade crema set a definitive line between eating here and eating at your favorite Mexican hole-in-the-wall. Oh, and wasn't there something about soups? Nope. Soup. Gadzooks has one, it's tortilla; it sits in a huge pot on the stove intensifying and enhancing its flavors as the day goes on. Add some chicken to it, top it with some cheese, and send me a compliment about it later. I personally can't say no to the stuff.Gadzooks is one of my new favorite spots. With great service, consistent quality, and delicious food, this simple concept could be all over the valley in no time. I am very pleased to have it in the neighborhood.
5	I went during their opening week and despite the obvious challenges they faced while learning a new restaurant and concept and staff I went back because the food is off the hook good and cheap as hell. Both times I got the half and half tortillas, I like the softness of the masa. I also got the chicken and short rib. The chicken is light and flavorful, the short rib is hearty and savory and smoky. I chose the "Christmas" sauce, half red, half green. the green is fruity, light and refreshing while the red is super smoky and hearty. I like the red better and need to remind myself for next time but the two together make a nice contrast. I got the cheddar cheese and then the guac and pico with the habanero on the side, its hot, and I mean hot. What I think is hot most people cannot eat. To me the habanero is edible but if you use too much you could ruin the meal. My friend got the chicken and the mushroom and loved both. He also tried the jalapeno ranch dressing and it was awesome ( I stole some). The first time we visited was their opening week and the wait was tough, the food ran out, the staff was over their heads. This time the wait was non existent, the food plentiful and fresh and the staff orderly and efficient. What a difference a few months made!!Some people complain of "chipotle with enchiladas", and the resemblance is there in the production line and the mexican flavor but thats where it ends. With the huge amount of choices and customization as well as the food being 10x as flavorful this is the clear winner. The food is as flavorful as Richardsons or Barrio Cafe. no joke. I am glad to see they worked out the bugs. Eat here. Again and again.
2	I hardly ever take the time to write out a review, but this experience could not go ignored. I would  have much rather spent my hard earned money elsewhere. The glass that separates you and the ordering counter must make it hard for them to hear, I had to repeat myself constantly. It would've been helpful to have been told that from the get go instead of figuring it out at the end. I asked for a sample of the chicken because I've never been and was having a hard time ordering, the guy looked at me like I was stupid for asking. I pointed at little plastic containers they had by the meat and said that they must obviously give samples. He finally let me try a bit.  It was a big ordeal to find out how long of a wait it was for the green chile pork to come out. I had to ask him like 4  different times if he would just make one with the little bit that was left. He acted annoyed for having to scoop out the meat that was left because it required a bit more effort. The lady at the checkout was rude when I asked if I could pay while I waited for it to finish cooking.  She ignored us until I asked for drink cups. All in all, the food was ok (the tortilla soup was a massive disappointment, they don't even put tortilla in it. Don't order it if you are a fan of tortilla soup, the flavor was off), the service sucks and the line is a cluster f***k. At least chipotle has an efficient and friendly assembly line. I will not be returning. Much better places to support in the area.
4	Really flavorful.  Fun experience to really personalize my food, which is nice because i'm picky.  The staff was eager to let me sample.  I didn't think i would ever be interested in having a cornbread filling, but i'll have to do that next because it was amazing!  I ordered two enchiladas: one pork and one chicken, with the red sauce.  I think next time i'll have get the fried egg, because the sauce and pork were so dark a flavor that it needed it to smooth it out for my tastes.  (I fried my own egg to go with my left overs, yum)  I think for a local small start-up business to expect them to have the multitude of ingredient available all the time, is a lot to expect.    They had everything there for us to try!  The menu was a little confusing only in that i didn't know why they listed salad dressings like they might apply to an enchilada, and it would have been nice if there were little signs labeling what all the ingredients were on the glass.  It also would have been helpful to have paper menus to grab and step aside to read over.  I felt uncomfortable standing next to a table of customers eating to read the menu so that others could go ahead of me. I don't have the best hearing, but did okay talking through the glass and wide counter.
5	I finally got to try this new neighborhood joint. It was GREAT. The staff was enthusiastic and gracious, the price was reasonable (even a bit low given the quality of the food), and the food was fantastic. Hand-crafted tortillas, custom-built, fire baked enchiladas with a multitude of fillings, amazing sauces, and killer soup means I will be back. I had 2 enchiladas with spinach-mushroom filling, the smoky red sauce, and topped with pickled onions, slaw, and 3-chile vinaigrette. I also had soup with no meat and added a dollop of super-flavorful mashed potatoes. If you go right at noon on a weekday, expect the lunch crowd crush to make parking and eating in a challenge. I got there at 11:45 and had no trouble. If I were trying to grab a quick lunch with a friend during work, I would probably be prepared to send one person in to place a to-go order while the other person drives around the block. Support this little gem. The building has been empty for so long, and I hear rumor that a Qdoba or ZTejas is being built right across the street. It is up to the locals to keep local options alive!PS please consider adding packs of a dozen tortillas to go to your menu. I would definitely buy them to have at home.
2	The ordering process is a bit confusing and when we told them it was our very first visit and we needed help knowing the order process they still didn't make it very clear what all the options were.  Oh well, we eventually sorted it out.  And the other reviewer said that the menu board is poorly placed was SPOT ON.  As it is you have to stand back several feet to read it and then walk up to the counter to order.  It's awkward because right after you walk in the employees are asking you if they can help you, but if you are a 'first timer' then you are probably still standing 10 feet away looking straight upwards trying to decipher the menu and options.  It makes everything seem rushed and confusing.I ordered the tortilla soup and it was lukewarm as soon as took one spoonful of it.  I had to go straight back and ask the cashier to please have someone put it in the oven and heat it up, and afterwards it was delivered back to our table by a sullen employee who seemed offended that I asked them to heat up my room temperature soup.  No apologies, nothing.  (Seriously, I don't think the flame was even on under the soup pan on their stove, it was that chilled.)  My husband's food looked better and was piping hot because they actually put it into their wood brick oven before he got it.  He liked his food a lot, I did NOT like mine at all.  To be completely honest, even if my soup had been served at a normal temperature it was bland, with very little definition or texture (aside from mush) and almost no zip.  We both LOVED their chips and salsa though.  Delicious!Well probably be back to try them one more time as I really want these guys to succeed because I live right down the street and I love their concept, but if I get another room temperature bowl of soup it'll definitely be a MAJOR issue.
1	So disappointed since it's in my neighborhood. Interesting format but sloppy and disorganized assembly line. All the meats were super spicy, which paired with salsa, was way too hot. The tortilla soup remnants we had had NO TORTILLA, if there's no tortilla, its not tortilla soup! /end. The cookies were the highlight of the meal.Now, they also have HORRENDOUS customer service! First off, no ice. I am so irritated that I will not come back again and will tell anyone who will listen how rude the blond cashier was. My sister had accidentally spilled our soup all over her hands and on the floor. No big deal, but not a single napkin in sight. When we asked for some, she returned with a wad of brown paper towels and then completely ignored us. Not a single staff member offered to replace our spilled soups or came to clean it up, just kept moving along as if they expected us to clean up the soup ourselves. I hate to think that it was a race thing, but their behavior was completely suspect. The manager came up to her to ask what happened, nodded, then returned to the assembly line. When I asked for a drink, she said there's no ice. But when she rung up this lovely young white couple, she said that they were making more and would bring it to them. WTF, I guess they don't want us black folks eating there.P.S. This place doesn't hold a candle next to Barrio Cafe or Richardson's, what a joke.
1	We were so stoked to give this place a try, but we were seriously disappointed. A good concept and well-braised meats were not enough to compensate for the main sauces (red and green) falling flat. The red sauce was especially awful... bitter and I found it ruined the whole dish. The green sauce needed salt and lacked real flavor. Individual components were well executed, but the sauces literally destroyed the whole meal and I couldn't finish mine, despite attempting to scrape the sauce off. I would absolutely come back if the chef modified his main recipes as this neighborhood spot is loaded with potential.
4	Just like Chipotle, but better! Try the tortilla soup or the enchiladas!
3	It has a Chipotle vibe but instead of burritos they specialize in enchiladas. Good ass food but a bitOverpriced
4	I went the other day for lunch and the place is pretty good (really 4.5 stars). I got the cornbread enchiladas, a unique concept in and of itself, with the red sauce. The red sauce had a very mellow heat that didn't overpower the flavor and meshed well with the slightly sweet cornbread. I will definitely be back to try some of the other menu items and support a local business that is churning out excellent food at reasonable prices.
5	What's not to love? Amazing, fresh, unique food and friendly service. I loved the cornbread enchiladas with red sauce. Definitely go for the fried egg on top. YUM.
4	Norm R. sent me an email back in May suggesting I check this place out.Since it's in my neighborhood, I'd been driving by and waiting for it to open.I was able to get in the first time in June. We stopped in for a snack (my cousin had just arrived from NYC and was hungry - but we didn't want to eat too much, as we had dinner reservations in a few hours.)We did a fair sampling of the menu. My cousin had enchiladas, I had tacos, and my sister had a salad. I honestly don't remember who had which protein in which dish - but between the three of us, we had a nice variety.All of us were content with what we had, and none of us had a difficult time navigating the menu.Everything was fresh and tasty. Not the most amazing food I've ever had - but it's quick, fresh and affordable. And I think it's a few steps above Chipotle in both flavor and personality.I've been in a couple times since then, and have always been happy with my selection. The food always hits the spot.Good stuff! Just hoping they expand to soups - plural. I'd like to see more than chicken tortilla offered.
4	Innovative concept, surprising variety of menu options and fresh ingredients. It is a couple more bucks per person than Chipotle or Q-Doba but definitely worth it.
4	Hesitantly tried a cornbread enchilada and I must say it was surprisingly delicious. The verde chicken was just okay but the sauces guac & melted cheese made everything better! I'll be back to try out more stuff!
3	Chipotle meets enchiladas! What a great idea.  I was so excited to try this place and I'm glad Amy H convinced me to get out of the office for lunch! My food was pretty good, but I don't think I picked the right combination... and I definitely didn't pick the right salsa... it was smoking hot and I had poured all over my enchiladas which made the tops of them virtually inedibile.  I'm definitely going to go back and hope to upgrade it 4 stars with better combinations. Something to keep in mind, I am not a big eater, but I feel like the portions were really small. My giant would have been starving, and could easily eat a double order.  Maybe it was because I'm a vegetarian.... Also, if you go at lunch... parking is tricky!!
4	My husband and I were on our way home from Vegas, and we decided to stop in Phoenix for lunch. We intended to go to another restaurant, but I stopped when we drove by Gadzooks. I didn't even have this place bookmarked, but I remembered hearing about it in the New Times.I'm glad we came after the lunch rush because I might have frozen up from all the choices. I went with the spinach/mushroom and potato enchiladas on the corn/flour tortillas and topped them with green sauce, pickled onions and guacamole. I like that they are broiled right in front of you so they're still piping hot at your table. The tangy green sauce was great, and I liked both fillings, especially the sinful potatoes. My husband got three different meat tacos; his favorite was the bison. The tortillas don't really hold up for tacos, though. His started falling apart after a few bites so he ended up eating them as enchiladas. I'm more than ready to go back and try more of the options.
5	Really good food. Clean. Cheap. Friendly. Win.
3	Good food but not worth the wait nor cold food. Been here once and I was not impressed w/ how inefficient the staff operated. The take out is served in a Aluminum container w/ wrapping paper and strings as a lid. Took about 30 minutes to get through the short line and by the time I got home my food was cold. Food was def over priced.
5	This place is fantastic!  Food is always as fresh as can be, served in piping hot dishes and so filling. Great beer selection in bottles and the chips and gauc are do die for. I will be coming here for a long time ...Did I hear franchise???
3	I was excited to see an enchilada and soup shop open.  Soup... not soups... they only serve one kind. The food is flavorful but the process is difficult. The staff appear grungy and have no sense of urgency. It's concerning they don't wear hair nets. One of the employee's pants had grease stains and the t shirts on the gals were grossly form fitting. Just not what I expect when someone is making my food.   I've been twice. Once when they opened and again a few weeks ago.  Both times they were out of something on the menu.  The concept of a string tying machine is interesting but completely a waste. It almost seems as though they rushed to open and skipped on important details. I truly hope the owner reads these reviews because the food is good and the place has such potential. It seems like there are too many employees on shift which makes for a complete social hour.  I drive by every day and am starting to see an empty parking lot. I hope the owner acts on just a few of these issues. It would be a shame to see this place close needlessly.  PS... It appears another taco shop is opening up across the street. Please take action and make it easier for patrons to support local business.
5	Been meaning to try this place for a while now. So glad we finally did! Great food for a great price and so many options! You can mix up the fillings or get extra on the side for only a buck. The chicken was juicy and delicious. We will be back...and soon!
4	Don't get me wrong, the Enchiladas are very good, but the menu item I will dream about is called Linda's Homemade tortilla soup.  Now as some may know, I am a soup lover.  This soup is more like a spicy chicken soup, although I think you can choose any meat to add that's on the menu.  Topped off with a bit of Jack cheese and crema and you have yourself quite a meal for $3.95.  Be advised, they get busy for lunch and you may wait awhile.  Service has always been friendly as expected.
5	I have to say I was quite pleased with my first visit to Gadzooks. Had the tortilla soup with chicken as well as a bag of chips and salsa. The soup was quite hardy and the chips were excellent. I'll definitely be returning soon.The only thing that looks like a challenge might be the parking on a busy Friday night, but I went at 9:30 when they seem to be winding things down.
4	I love enchiladas. They are my favorite Mexican food. When I saw this place - I thought "What? An enchilada-only place?" I think it blew my mind. Coming from NYC, should expect the "specialty" restaurants that specialize in one type of food only (e.g. Mac and cheese, meatballs, etc.) but in Phoenix? Anyway, a friend and I stopped there on a whim. I was not surprised, but amazed at how good this was. The concept is really "line" style - (read: Subway) where you pick your tortilla, then your meat, then your toppings and slide on down. I ordered 2 enchiladas. First, the tortillas. I did the half wheat/half corn. They are super soft and chewy, with a soft texture. Next, the chicken and then the cheesy potato fillers. Both delicious. Gadzooks offers two vegetarian options: one is potato/cheese for the filler and the second is spinach. Then the topping - green salsa please. Some cheese on top - and into the oven it goes to warm up and crisp up the cheese on top. Just like a pizza. The last time I was there - I tried the tortilla soup. I love tortilla soup - in all kinds and types. This was rich and perfectly seasoned. I will definitely get it again.
3	As a veg my review may contrast others.This place is a chipotle of enchiladas. Pick your tortilla filling(s) and toppings.For the veg crowd there are 3 ish choices, spinach and mushrooms (good concept but need a bit more flavor and mushrooms), pepper jack potatoes and corn bread. I have only tried the former two to date. For sauce there is only 1 veg option the green. top it with some cheese, melt it and then some salsa and slaw. Looks great.The down sides are1. lines quickly form as the melting of the cheese becomes a bottle neck2. The taste is nothing special the green sauce and the soft tortillas makes this remind me of an Amy's dish3. I was still hungry afterwardsGive it a try and see if it is your thing, for me my ~7 can be spent elsewhere.
1	First of all I hate giving local businesses bad reviews but after going to this place twice I had to review it.I know they are not known for their nachos but I love nachos and when I was told they had good nachos I wanted to try it asap. The first time I got chicken nachos. They were covered in Chicken. I could not taste the chips, cheese, guac, because it was just all chicken. They give few chips. Literally I picked off a pile of chicken on a plate and I still had more than I knew what to do with in the nachos. I kind of wrote the place off because the nachos were almost inedible. Then comes tonight. I was craving nachos again. They are so close that I figured I would give it another shot and just get them vegetarian this time. Again they were skimpy on chips, when I said no meat they did not offer any beans or anything to substitute the beans. So I got the guacamole again which they charged me extra for. When I got the total I asked if I was charged the same as with meat and the unsmiling person ringing me up said yes. Not only did I get charged the same as I would have with a pile of meat on my nachos but they charged me extra for guac! A few chips and some cheese should not cost 9 dollars. I can go to Tico's and get vegetarian nachos with veggies, beans, guac, etc for a similar price and they are twice as large. The cheese was completely hard and there was more pico than chips. Really unimpressive.They could learn something from chipotle and give the vegetarians their guac for free if they are going to charge them for the meat they are not eating.Never again.
5	Outstanding food. Extremely friendly and helpful staff. Very clean and modern looking. I highly recommend you try this new establishment out.
4	With a movie under our belts, it was time for nourishment. What better place to so that than Gadzooks? This being our first time, I wasn't fully sure how to order, but with some assistance from the very friendly staff, we were able to get what we wanted. I ordered the green chile pork, red sauce and mixed cheeses. After a brief heating in their flaming oven, I had the hot (not the lava) salsa added, along with the crema. While I found the meat to be a little on the dry side, all the flavors popped wonderfully. It's just the right size portion to fill you up without stuffing you. I'll be back to eat my way through the menu.
5	This place has been open for about a few months and I haven't been here until yesterday.  WOW!  This is some good food for not a whole lot of money.
1	Uugh.  I too hate giving local businesses bad reviews, but the food there was simply terrible.  I ordered tacos and they served them up enchilada style.  I mean it was actually funny that all they had to do is give me tacos and instead they plunked massive amounts of cheese over these tacos and served them up enchilada style!  So I tried to eat them, and truthfully even if they just served me the tacos the food tasted terrible and it was overpriced to boot.  Finally, I know this is terrible to say, but the server girl in line had so many piercings on her face and in her nose it was kind of disgusting.  I get that people want to express themselves with piercings, but when I'm buying food from you, I don't want to see metal drooping out of your nose.  Just saying...
3	Super fresh food but the line is too long for a quick-service restaurant and ordering my food was kinda a hassle because the menu is like over your head; it's hard to see.  It's like they tried to copy Chipotle but offer better quality food.
4	Love this concept!  I think I could seriously eat enchiladas at least once a week and Gadzooks makes we want to eat them here.  The cornbread and potato enchiladas were amazing...unique options and super flavorful.  The staff was very friendly and helpful with recommendations, the patio was pet friendly and the prices are ridiculously reasonable.  They told me today that they won best chicken taco this weekend at the AZ Taco Festival, so you definitely want to check this place out!
5	AwesomeAmazing serviceStarving and this place made me smileGot the two enchilada one with green chile pork the other with short ribAnd their chicken with corn bread tacoThis place exceeded all expectation
4	I just went here tonight and I do not know why I haven't been here before! The place was really inventive with the fillings for the enchiladas. They had corn bread and mashed potatoes and short rib and all kinds of deliciousness. I got enchiladas like I've never had before. Short rib and mashed potato with christmas style sauce (red and greed), a fried egg, slaw, pico, cheese, ohhh my, it was delicious. Also got the guac, which was wonderful! I got two enchiladas and still have plenty left for lunch tomorrow. I will definitely be back!! (I had a taste of the cornbread...and I need more!)
5	First time visit and I Really enjoyed this place. Specialty beer, outdoor seating, fresh delicious food. I definitely will be back!
5	Check out this hipster spot!  The Enchiladas are not your whole in the wall variety.  You can customize the inside, outside, and aroundsides on this bad boy.  Great concept, great food.  Can't wait to go again.
4	Wow, amazing food.  Tell them what you want and that's what you get. The Enchiladas are put together to your taste and the lava was for real.  Parking lot is too small and seating is a bit on top of eachother, so come early or take a late lunch.
5	Though I am neither a vegetarian nor gluten-intolerant, I do have family and friends that are. While neither of those specific family or friends were with me on this particular evening, the person in line infornt of me was gluten-intolerant and the person in line behind me was a vegetarian.I was very impressed how when they each explained their dietary restrictions to the person helping them that each staff member knew exactly what that customer could and could not have and explained their menu items and what was in each, down to which items were made with chicken stock (which I've noticed some people don't seem to realize that just because there are no chunks of meat in something, that if made with an animal stock is NOT vegetarian).It's nice to see a business properly and thoroughly train their employees about their food beyond the information needed to be provided the majority of its customer base. Gadzooks realizes that the majority is not the entire customer base and has accomodated those with other dietary needs with a place to go and eat at with the assurance that they are infact able to enjoy their food without fear that the person helping them gave them false information.
5	Wife and I took the kids to lunch. Fantastic food at decent price. Three enchiladas, each different meat. Will definitely go back.
4	Good food fun vibe.  Bison and short rib enchiladas, very good.  Lava sauce actually hot!! Bueno Buebo.   Small parking lot but a must try.
5	I love coming here.  The food is fresh and good and you can get in and out in 20 minutes (usually......not at lunch though, it is packed).  My favorite is the enchilada stuffed with a corn bread........it is so friggin good.  The guacamole is excellent and I usually hit this place up at least once a week.
5	Great food. It's got flavor and it tastes fresh. It was the perfect lunch on a cold and rainy day. I had three enchiladas with green and red sauce and some fantastic habanero sauce. Did not leave disappointed and hope to come back soon.
5	Will definitely be coming back! I had the roasted tomatillo chicken enchiladas w/red sauce & my husband had the pork w/green sauce - we both added an over-easy egg on top of all our fixings - NO complaints here! So fresh! We even tried their cocktails, mimosa & grapefruit margarita - fresh, crisp & amazing!
5	So creative and delicious! Goat cheese and cornbread in an enchilada? Yes, please!
3	Despite rave reviews from other Yelpers and friends, I found my Gadzooks experience tonight fairly average. Now, my choices were more limited as a vegan, but I was looking forward to the spinach-mushroom tacos. I topped them off with Pico de Gallo and guacamole. We also ordered the chips with the roasted Roja salsa. The corn tortillas were outstanding and held up so well to the filling. I found the sauteed spinach-mushroom combo to be okay, not anything too flavorful. The guacamole needed something more, in my opinion. If I am going to eat guacamole while visiting AZ, I have high expectations. I thought it was bland. The chips were also okay. So, my meal was good but nothing that would bring me back in a hurry. I will say the enchiladas looked delicious. Worth a try if you are in the area, especially for cheese and meat lovers.
4	It took me a while to get in, because the name was somewhat deceiving. What is GadZooks? And what does it have to do with Enchiladas? I still don't know, but after a few recommendations I have it a try. I have since been back a few times. Despite its odd name, GadZooks is like a chipotle for Enchiladas. You basically pick out your filling (from about 8 choices), sauce, and then condiments (ie cheese, lettuce, Guac). Staff then cook it in the oven and send you on your way. I'm also a fan of the pumpkin cookies they have been serving during the fall. I haven't yet tried any of the soups, but the enchiladas were tasty. Another note- this isn't exactly authentic Mexican food, and chiles are very mild (to set proper expectations).
3	Get beyond the name and they may have something here. It's a great play off of the build to order service ie Chipotle etc, but instead of burritos it's enchiladas. I love the idea, but was a little disappointed by the descriptions of ingredients, ambiance and service. I think there should be a little more info on the sauces/salsa's. Might be a little helpful for those going for the first time. The place itself is a little stark or cold feeling. Maybe somewhat picky, but me and gf both thought the place felt weird. The service was sub par. The soup that was ordered was forgotten about and instead of reheating it because it sat on the counter they just served it to us cold. The upside is that this place is a great idea and good food here. The flour/corn tortillas are delicious and meat is tender and seasoned well. We will give another shot and update the review.
4	Very cool concept! Chipotle style enchiladas, but with much more creative offerings. I came here for dinner tonight with my husband and I decided on the tortilla soup, and my husband ordered the enchiladas. I chose the short rib as an added option which was fantastic, very juicy and flavorful. The soup had a ton of vegetables and herbs in it and was quite filling. My husband went with a spicy cornbread stuffing enchilada, and a green chile pork with white cheese, red sauce, and sour cream. The cornbread had a similar flavor as a tamale, I couldn't stop stealing bites of this one. I really like how you can customize your order and there's plenty of options if you want to go dairy free or vegetarian. It was also very reasonable, dinner for 2 was $15! I will definitely return.
5	I had heard great things about this place and was so excited to try it.  Soooooo glad that I did.  :) The decor of the place is simple but there is a nice patio seating area so that you can enjoy the weather.  I think I was a Pavlovian dog, while waiting in line to place my order.  I chose two enchiladas one with pork green chili and the other a potato and cornbread mixture.  Smothered in a green chili sauce and baked to perfection. Definitely add the fried egg on top, it makes everything taste yummy.
3	Food wasn't bad. Somewhat salty. The cashier was straight rude. I ordered Tortilla Soup when I got to the cashier and she annoyingly informed me that I should of ordered it at the beginning with my enchiladas. She then asked me what I want in my soup. I asked her what were my choices. She said that it was everything on the line. Again, she was rude and annoyed. I told her to forget it. I'll try it again but if they are rude again I probably won't go back
3	Went in for lunch and got two tacos - one chicken, one pork. The menu is a little confusing and you're stuck gaping at the chalkboard on the ceiling while the workers stare at you, which is weird and not too flattering. I'd much rather have the choices on the glass in front of the toppings and myself or a menu on the side wall, so I can just pick what I want down the assembly line without having to listen to the explanation of each. I'm not a fan of Chipotle and didn't realize this is basically the same concept. As mentioned in other reviews, they didn't bake the enchiladas (my mom's choice) very long. I also had my tacos baked to melt the cheese which was a nice option. The tortillas were VERY good (we got the lard mix), the meat was a good quality and tasty, I liked the cabbage mix also. I added guacamole for $1 but it was little too spicy for me - most people would probably like it. The tacos were STUFFED and overall really good. I didn't try mom's enchiladas because she said the green sauce would be too spicy for me (I'm a wuss when it comes to spice, what can I say). Two plates with a soda for just under $20. Not the most cost effective lunch I've had, but seems pretty standard. Would love the menu location change/expansion, longer oven bake time, and a way to buy those tortillas to go.
4	I've been to GadZooks a few times. I go here when I want an enchilada that's got a little extra something. I love being able to customize. And they have an overwhelming number of options so I recommend going with someone who can suggest something to get you started. (I need a lot of time to take in all the options which doesn't work if you're eating with other people.) anyway I had the cornbread in my enchilada. (It sounds a little weird but it's really really good!) I've tried both the red mesquite sauce and the green sauce.  I thought the mesquite was too hot for me but it was really good if you like that.  I haven't had any issues with service.
4	I'm obsessed. The handmade tortillas are what initially excited me. I go back for the cornbread.  The cornbread stuffing is so dAAAlishus it angers me. I don't like experiencing such deliciousness, as I want to make it last forever. The tortilla chips are great!! ! I'm a big fan of tortilla chips, and these chips make my top 3 list for the phoenix area! Light, Fresh, crispy, savory. The concept is great- a variant of Chipotle (where you pick your enchilada mix-ins in an assembly like fashion) but with greater character, authenticity, quality and savoriness. The meats are flavorful and fresh. The portions are hearty! There's one employee who is so friendly and explanatory;  she walks us through the options. She always makes it a pleasant experience (younger female with gauged ears- sorry for the lack of better description). My only reservation: some of the salsas are a little too tangy for my taste. I would love to see a hearty roasted molcajete salsa.
4	Arrgh, just when I kicked my Chipotle habit, this place comes along.  Some great tortilla soup, custom made enchiladas that come out of the oven piping hot.  Why didn't some one come up with this earlier?  My biggest gripe is the parking lot, not the easiest to negotiate a little parking lot on 7th street during prime rush hour but worth it.  Oh they have great snickerdoodle and Mexican wedding cookies for purchase right at the counter!
3	Similar to Chipotle, but on a local Phoenix mom n pops level, and with enchiladas instead of burritos. I really like that it's local!Pros:-Local-Simple decor with good ambiance-Fast friendly and helpful service behind the counter.-Plenty of choices to fill and and top your 'ladaCons:-The menu is way above your head on the wall and hurts your neck to read it.-Maybe too many choices and somewhat confusing what to add and when to add it.-Food tastes decent,nothing special, not terrible but all kind of tastes the same. We had four ladas with four different meats, sauces, and toppings and couldn't really taste much difference between the four.I would probably give this place another shot, but maybe try tacos and soup next time.
4	Chipotle meets gourmet enchiladas. That's what is going on... and I like it.
5	The little lady and I have been to Gadzooks numerous times, and we love it. It is one of central Phoenix's gems, and if nothing else, it is the best Mexican food at this particular intersection (those of you familiar with the intersection will know what I'm referring to). It's funny, every time we go it takes us a few minutes to figure out what we want. The staff is always quick to offer to explain how things work and discuss any recent changes on the menu. I want to tell then we have been before, but they are so friendly, we just let them explain it. The concept is pretty simple, it is Chipotle style enchiladas. They also have soup, but we haven't had it so I can't vouch.  The enchiladas are excellent. The yukon gold sounds odd (a potato enchilada?), but I crave them like a fat kid craves cake. I am also partial to the short rib, and pork. Others are good too, but I can (or at least should) only eat three per sitting so this is my typical order. We prefer the green sauce, but we usually do. The slaw is awesome too, gives the food a little crunch. Everything just depends on our mood, customize and enjoy!
5	My new favorite spot for quick mexican food! I have always had a hankerin' for enchiladas, and these WILL NOT DISAPPOINT. On my first go I got 1 each of chicken, short ribs, and a pork carnitas. Man they where good, not even good but exceptionally great. If you want a quality meal in under 5 minutes check this place out!Try the pickled onions, might sound kinda gross but they work sooooo well IMO!
3	The short: The sauces/salsas and soup were too salty for me, some of the seating was tight, and the ordering process was a bit confusing or overwhelming for new customers, but the fillings were really delicious--extra kudos for offering several tasty vegetarian options. The long: If you're new, I recommend you stand back, look at the giant overhead menu, and formulate a game plan before you walk up to the counter, because once you do, you walk under the menu so it's out of sight. You have to be quick, too, because the only place to view the menu without being in the way is just inside the door. I wish the menu were along the back wall so it could always be in sight. Every dish is built the same way, even the soup, which is why I was confused when the toppings I requested in my enchiladas started to be piled on top of my soup. We ended up getting a bowl of soup with green chili pork shoulder on top (I'd meant for it to go into the enchilada and couldn't stop them in time before they plopped it on top of the soup) and four enchiladas: guajillo braised short ribs, sauteed spinach mushroom, smashed jack potato, and cornbread in corn tortillas. All of these fillings were amazing--flavorful, clean, fresh, and filling. The pork shoulder and cornbread were my favorites. The pork was so, so tender and moist--probably one of the best savory bites I've had in a long time. We tried both the red and green sauces and the pico and salsa verde. This is where the salt shriveled my tongue, pickled my guts, and hardened my arteries. The soup was also way too salty for me, and I couldn't finish it. I got a fried egg on top of my enchiladas, and that was a bit salty, too. For the most part, I was glad the tortillas protected the fillings from the sauces because I ended up just prying into them and eating the fillings about halfway through. My boyfriend agreed that it was pretty salty, but he managed to finish most of his meal and didn't say it was too salty to finish. Honestly, I want to say it was just my taste buds, but it was the saltiest food I can remember eating.As for the ambiance, it's all right. Plain furniture and walls, brightly lit, and thankfully no loud music, but the chairs, especially near the window, were tight. After I sat down, someone sat down behind me and trapped me in so I had to scoot out sideways because I couldn't even turn around to ask him to let me out. I'd aim for one of the tables down the middle of the room next time.We finished off by splitting a glazed pumpkin cookie--tender and cakey, and one I'd definitely eat again.I do want to try them again, but until I know if either my taste buds or their kitchen were just off or I've just gotten too sensitive to salty food, I think I'll just top my stuff with cheese and get some salsa on the side.
4	My family enjoyed a really yummy dinner here!  The tortillas are delicious, the rib meat stuffing was great and my dad's favorite.  My daughter loved the pork.  I had the rib meat, yum, and loved the mild red sauce.  I'm quite a wimp and appreciated that this had flavor without frying my tongue.  A little fresh crema and cheese mellowed it out perfectly.  In an odd twist, they had pumpkin spice cookies with brown sugar frosting on the counter.  At first I thought, what an odd choice after enchiladas.  Turns out they were insanely good and very good after enchiladas!Apparently I am old and I say things like "it's too noisy in here"... because it was a bit.  The only menu is up way high so I just got a general idea of what I wanted and asked a lot of questions.  The staff was great and didn't seem to mind.  Everyone in the family really did enjoy the meal - we were the clean plate club.  Next visit, I am getting my own spinach and mushroom enchiladas.  And, I must confess, another cookie :-)
4	Enchiladas just the way you want them. Line was a bit slow (lunch rush) but the food was great!
4	This is a great little place offering an interesting take on the enchilada. Ordering is pretty much Chipotle-style, where you pick out your ingredients and toppings. However, the quality of the food far surpasses Chipotle, Cafe Rio or other similar places. There are several ways to customize your enchilada, meats, sauces, cheeses and vegetarian fillings. You can also order a Poblano pepper stuffed with anything you want and served up enchilada style - absolutely delicious. They even have the option of throwing a fried egg on top, which is a must if you're looking for an authentic Southwest enchilada.
5	Amazing! Excellent value. The enchiladas are delicious. I didn't know they were fully customizable, but they are. You can't really go wrong with any of the choices.As for soup, there is only one kind of soup, but it's as customizable as the enchiladas. I'll definitely be back.
5	I had here what I think, in my humble opinion, was the most authentic and delicious gourmet enchilada plate I've had in my life. I grew up in Mexico and tried the lot. I've had from curb-side to high-end restaurants. This was quite a treat and this place takes the gold. For a quick bite to eat I always resorted to stop at chipotles which was my favorite, until now. This place elevates Mexican food to a whole new level. The place has a similar feeling to chipotles, very rustic. You can see the pots and pans being used to cook delicious meats that probably had been simmering all morning before opening. All the ingredients are fresh and they taste fresh. Crema from scratch? When a business is taking their time to make something as basic as crema fresca from scratch, you know you will not to be disappointed. Enough with the talk. I encourage you to give this place a go. I know they have tacos and salads but they are a dime a dozen in this city. Not saying by this they are not as good, but good enchiladas are hard to find.
1	Service is rough. Went there today around 1pm with a coworker and there were only 3 people in line but we were in there 30 min (and our order was to go!). I didn't get anything because they were out if chicken, from what I overheard they run out certain food items often. Anyways, no one greeted us. We stood in front of two people making tortillas for 5 min and they didn't even acknowledge us. I understand if this is your role but one could at least smile and greet us. When my coworker was trying to pay, a staff member opened the cash register to exchange their tip money and made us wait while they counted their tips before cashing us out.  Afterwards the cashier wrapped up my coworker's  food that had just been sitting there for a few min, meanwhile other staff continued to stand around and act like they hated their lives. They also kept asking my coworker "is this your food?" When you basically only serve enchiladas its hard to tell the plates apart, you think they would pay attention to whose food is who's.
5	I've literally eaten here 4 times this week.It's a little expensive, ($22 for 5 enchiladas, an egg and two drinks), which is why I am stuck on giving it less than 5 stars. But otherwise, I think it could be worth the money considering how unique and customizable it is. I don't know, I just want everything to be free, so I'm at like 4.5 stars on this one...Anyway, the food tastes great. Really unique, authentic options. I really recommend the red sauce, corn tortillas, pork, chicken, an over-medium egg, slaw, jalapeno ranch and cotija cheese...that's what I ALWAYS get. They have really good chips and salsa, too.The staff is friendly. My only complaint is that there are SO many options, that I think they could benefit from having labels on the glass telling you what everything is, that way you don't have to stare straight up and get lost on the menu and waste their time, but they do a good job of explaining it anyway. Still, I like doing things myself instead of asking the same dumb question every time. They serve in their own little wood-fired ceramic bowls which is cute and unique, too.They said they don't like hearing "this is kinda like Chipotle!" so I will say this place is better than Chipotle, but very similar :)They serve enchiladas, chopped salads, stuffed poblano peppers and have other specials. Take all of my money, Gadzooks. You are so yummy.
5	We enjoyed a great lunch there yesterday on their patio.  Ordering was difficult with the menu boards over your head but the staff was a great help with the dozens of options. The food was full of flavor, filling and  reasonably priced.
4	Booooooommmbbbbb!!!!!! Almost the same idea as chipotle being an American "Mexican" restaurant!
4	This place is so fun! I live in the east valley and my friend lives on the west side, so we love to find places to meet in Phoenix. This was the perfect spot. I tend to ask a million questions and the staff was more than happy to explain  anything and everything to me! I also love that they have red cream soda. It might look exactly like Chipotle but the flavor and quality is way better! Perfect Saturday afternoon lunch place.
4	I really like the style and menu. Really loved the short rib enchilada and the corn bread enchilada ! The salsa and sauces are great. I will be back.
5	Great concepts.   The process is fairly fast considering the product they are delivering.We will back here over and over.  I would expect this to be franchised and everywhere fast.
4	Good food, easy ordering process, really fresh tortillas but what impressed me was that they didn't use throw away plates or utensils, thus reducing the waste.  Congratulations .
5	Love this place!  Great prices, great quality and delicious food. If only they had the 100 flavor soda fountain, it would be perfect. So many choices and perfect size portion. Can't wait to come back and try other ingredients.
5	Wow. Woweeeewow. Fresh, flavorful, fast, reasonably priced. Yes!Are you that kind of person that doesn't like just one thing on your plate - but likes to sample many things and take a bite of each thing over and over going round the plate til you're done?ME TOO.Gadzooks is a dream for you and I! So many inside filling choices, so many topping choices, so many salsa choices... I basically tried everything and it was all amazing, and there are lots of veg friendly options including an outstanding corn bread filling that sounds weird but is so creamy and tasty you'll go nuts. And the tortillas are awesome which is a necessity. I pretty much want to order another round and just spend the day here. Don't judge me you'd want to, too, if you were here.
5	Excellent quality food and service.  My enchiladas were amazing and I can't wait to go back.  Highly recommended.  The bison is excellent.
4	Good stuff!! Unique flavor.  Quick service.  Definitely worth a try!!
5	Not your typical Mexican enchilada.  Food is good, great customer service and looks a clean please for a nice conversation.  Prices are very reasonable around $7 per person.
5	Another fabulous find on Yelp! The tortilla soup is the best I've ever had and worth the drive all by itself. But- everything else looked so good that next time I'll have to skip the soup and get to the enchiladas. Don't skip this gem!
5	This place is amazing. I've been here twice and was surprised both times at how much meat they give you. The short ribs are excellent and the guacamole is perfect. My only problem with this place is the girl behind the counter who talks way too loud. She's been there both times I've come for lunch. I get that it's noisy back there, but no one else behind the counter talks nearly as loud as she does and I hear them fine. I'm not letting this affect their rating though, since the food is worth it.
4	A coworker and I stopped in here for lunch today after hearing about it from a friend. The parking situation was pretty rough but after circling the block once or twice we got a spot. Right off the bat I noticed the authentic vibe of the place and the menu was super unique. Of course I got the enchiladas as did most of the patrons as far as I could tell. They let you customize the ingredients from the stuffing to the cheeses to the salsas and toppings. They also bake the enchilada right there in front of you once they make it. I ended up getting the spinach mushroom stuffing and it was absolutely delicious. I really want to give a five star but the prices and parking bring it down to four...for now. I will definitely be back.
5	Love the place.  Have been going at least once a week for the last two months.  Their enchiladas are amazing and the stuffed poblanos are out of this world.  Only downside is that they sometimes run out of the poblanos. I learned to call ahead and make sure they'd have them on hand and they always will. If you're a first timer it can be a little confusing but they're quick to help and explain.  Always a great experience!
4	Boom-Pop-Pow-BamHoly enchiladas Batman! This is a nifty location, a funky idea, and yummy eats all thrown into a clay dish and roasted over a fire. The menu is fun, great selection but controlled enough to do what they do exceptionally well. Menu-drawn in chalk, not a unique idea I know but boy does it just fit this place. You walk to the counter... Kinda like chipotle. Pick your stuff, they cook it in the dish... In the fire.... Right in front of you. I had a chicken burrito with green chili and a side of con bread.... Oh sorry I'm from the south... Corn bread. Man it was good. Just a cool experience with a helpful staff and good food. Nuff respect. You should try it at least once. Cuz cuz cuz I said so. What's the worst that could happen? I'm mean really. An I'm out....s
5	Absolutely amazing. Think Chipotle for enchiladas. Nice patio, plenty of room inside. The food is really amazing. The prices are great. If you're not in the area it's actually worth the trip. I ordered 2 chicken enchiladas. I'll be back to try the tacos!
4	Good food,and cheap!
5	Fun concept that works with the quality of the food they serve. Enchiladas and tacos are primarily their forte. The short ribs are smokey with some zip. Chicken is light and mild but flavorful. The selection of topping is original and the slaw is tasty.
4	Super concept and oh so good.  Delicious tortillas and amazing fillings. Try the enchiladas. Los of cheese and toppings. Can't wait to bring others here
5	This place was great. I spent a lot of time in the starbucks across the street doing homework and one day made the adventure across the street with my roommate and it was a great decision. The set up is kind of like Chipotle but the quality of food is so much better and a great variety of flavor. Check it out!
5	What a great concept and place to eat! It was our first time visiting Gadzooks and didn't know what to expect. We were greeted by Jessica who was so friendly and walked us through the entire process. All of the staff there were so nice, helpful and friendly that I will be back because of their great service and good food! Even the other customers were so nice, giving us advise on what to get! We sampled many sauces and toppings! We can't wait to visit again and try new combinations!
5	This is my favorite place in the world. I'm talking about the best -- seriously, the very best -- enchiladas you will ever eat. Made just the way you like them. Smothered in good stuff, like wonderful pickled onions and some great cheeses. All of it is lip smacking good. And the idea for the place, the "make your own" kind of deal stolen from Subway, this is just really creative. Good job, congratulations to the owner. Someday I am going to stand out front with a big sign that says "You will love this food. Try it" because I think someone has to let the world know about the magnificence of Gadzooks. Read my reviews. I'm a very critical restaurant reviewer. I do not put up with slackers. This place rocks. [To the owner, my only suggestion is to put the "ear lady" in the back and not up front -- you'll attract more business.]
2	Im rating this on a vegetarian stand point so for you meat eaters the experience will probably be different. That being said, i also thought that the overall quality of the food is not so great. For vegetarians there is only one filling option, sauteed spinach and mushroom and it is kind of like baby food in texture. The red sauce has chicken broth init. I got 2 corn enchiladas. The enchiladas themselves were bland. Ifi hadnt added extra quacomole, coleslaw, cheese, crema, and salsa to it, it would have been very boring. Pretty much youre paying for the toppings. If youre vegan you are even more limited. You could only have salsa and guacomole and onions. The chips and salsa though were really good. I could have made a whole meal out of the chips. The service was great. The person serving me was very kind about taking me through it step by step and making sure i got vegetarian items. So i wont be going back. No point in paying for guacomole and salsa and cheese and chips and stuf when I could make that all myself or get it all from safeway or something in bulk for the same price.
4	Been wanting to try this place for awhile and finally got here for a 2pm lunch last week. This is usually the time staff is eating, etc and it was just the case on this day as well. The food is well priced and served up in big portions. The short rib was extra cooked from probably sitting in the bin for awhile, but luckily I enjoy extra cooked and slightly dry beef so it worked out well for me. The chicken was a runner-up to the beef, but I should have tried the cornbread. If you go crazy with toppings and sauces (which you will on your first visit like I did) then everything gets lost under all the different flavors. I would skip the half flour and half corn and go for the corn tortilla and be gentle on the sauces, but this is a place I will return too at some point if I"m in the area.
5	Food is great. I wish they'd throw in some rice and beans to fill out the meal. I always get the green chile chicken enchiladas with habenero on top. They are quite delicious. There are also good vegetarian options available. I also wish there was a good enchilada and soup combo meal.  It's more of a pick one entree either or kinda thing. I mean the name is enchiladas AND soup, not OR.  Also, the sneeze guard is awkwardly placed making it very difficult to hear the employees.I guess I feel a little overly critical especially in light of the o so many positive reviews but  guess I can't help how I feel. One more thing.TIP: make sure you get the sour cream on the side unless you want a big white pool of melted liquid sour cream engulfing your enchilada. The enchiladas are cooked in their plate leaving the plates very hot and they instantly transform a hearty clump of sour cream into liquid.Update 7/29/2014: Seems as though they've worked out the kinks. There is still quite a bit of a lunch rush so If you are pressed for time it might not be the best place to go but otherwise it's worth the wait.
5	Tried this place for the first time tonight and it was amazing! Everything was flavorful and the staff was really helpful! I will definitely go again. And again.
1	Several reviewers mentioned that the spinach & mushroom filling is vegetarian. If Aaron Pool makes it the same way that it's listed in the recipe he share with the Arizona Republic today, it is NOT VEGETARIAN (chicken stock).I am shocked that several reviewers (who are vegetarians) seem to have had staff members steer them toward this option, despite the fact that it is NOT vegetarian.Really? Why not just use vegetable stock? And if something seems veg, but is not, please tell your staff.Here is the recipe that Mr. Pool shared:http://www.azcentral.com/story/life/food/recipes/2014/04/22/spinach-mushroom-enchilada-filling/8013227/
5	Soooo freaking great! Think chipotle, you choose an enchilada, taco, chopped salad or tortilla soup, add the homemade INCREDIBLE meat and extras and boom you've got an iron chefs version of chipotle for close to the same price! And the grapefruit margarita was unreal!!
4	First time ever going to Gadzooks and it was awesome. The people were cool and friendly. Ambience cool. Loved the whole set-up. Sunshine wonderful. Patio great. Oh, and that sangria is most definitely on point; so delicious. I loved the enchiladas and the tortilla soup! I have not one bad thing to say. Will so be going back. Also, I am a Gluten Free Chic ( mandatory, not by choice) and I had not one problem with the food. So two jigs on that one : ) If you have not been here @ least try it once. The food is very flavorful.
5	This is an amazing spot. Love love love the chicken. Quick but fresh, great dine in setting and patio as well.
5	First off let me preface by the fact that I am extremely lazy and don't normally review places, no matter how good it is. With that being said I took the time out of my extremely unoccupied day to make this review. That is how awesome this place is!I have been here twice now, and the first time I ordered the green chili pork and short rib enchiladas. The second time around I got both short rib. The short rib has an amazing flavor, it just pops in your mouth!The cotija cheese and habenero lava sauce are both fantastic. This last time I even tried a side of the herbal ranch, which was, you guessed it, great! I also tried a side of their cornbread this time around and was glad I did. With actual corn and a hint of spiciness to it, it was a great addition.To top off this great meal, they even have alcoholic beverages. Pacifico being my favorite, I got that my first time through. After which I realized he had a cream soda on tap, and boy do I love cream soda! So this time around I got the cream soda, and my wife asked if they made margaritas. Which they did, so she got one. A pink grapefruit Margarita is what they served her, and it was very delicious! A little too strong for my wife, but I didn't mind finishing off for her.For under $30 for a family of three and one alcoholic beverage and one soda, I will gladly be coming back here on a regular basis! I highly recommend this to anyone in the area or even if you have to make a bit of a commute. Every Phoenician should try this place at least once. Unless it's on a night I choose to go, in that case, go a different night. Parking is very limited and I'd rather not park across the street... ;-)
5	Very nice people! Very patient. No attitudes here. Usually the flavor of an enchilada stems from the meat, the sauce and cheese, but the tortilla flavor stands out at Gadzooks which is delicious and memorable (50/50).  I also appreciate the honest service. I heard a server say to a patron in front of me that the red sauce by itself doesn't taste as good so it's better on the enchilada. Again, nice people. Worth the trip. Worth the wait. I'll be back!
5	Amazing, fresh, creative and friendly. One of the best places to eat in Phoenix for a quick meal. So good!
4	So I Went plain jane today.. Got 2 braised beef enchiladas with green sauce and of course cheese : ) Tried the mashed potatoes this time. They most definitely should be on everyone's To-Eat List. Very creamy till the last drop.. Nom NomPortions are generous.. My 8 year old and I shared this... and were stuffed.
4	The food is good and the service was good too. I ordered the short ribs and green chile pork enchiladas. They both were good but I like the green chile pork the best. They place reminds of chipotle but with enchiladas. For real authentic Mexican food this might not be the place but it is still great option over Taco Bell.
4	Sometimes people ignore the food and review dumb things like chairs or noise level... we are here to EAT. Stay home if you can't handle being out in public, troll.Anyway, food was prepared quickly, affordable, and filling. The salsa was good, the meat was not dry or over seasoned.You really won't find food this good for the price point and speed. I went a little crazy with the extras on the guac and Bison meat but it was worth the 2 bucks.
5	This place is delicious. Lots of variety and sitting. I ordered 2 Enchiladas 1green chili pork and 1 potato. They covered it with Jack cheese and then placed it in a pizza oven so it would get hot and bubbly. Then I dressed it with lettuce, pico, sour cream, and guac. Got a side of chips too. The chips are like the good ones you would get freshly made from a Mexican supermarket almost. Everything was yummy. Well priced around $8-$10 a person. Only down fall was the line out the door.
5	I wish this place was closer to my house! I think I would be there everyday! I got 2 enchiladas with the 1/2 and 1/2 tortilla with one mashed potato and one with chicken! I think I could of eaten a whole bowl of mashed potato. They add either green or red, or even both sauces and cheese and put it in their brick oven and add some cabbage slaw! Everything just tasted so fresh! I will be going back very soon!
5	Decided to stop here after being severely disappointed by Americas taco shop down the street .. Let me just say this place took the cake simply amazing to say the least. Everything tasted fresh and was bursting with flavor yet they has the speed of a chipotle .. We have been left in utter disbelief this is our new goto enchilada joint .. Step aside nana you have competition...
5	Oh my DELICIOUS!....Last night my son and I went there for dinner. I had the tortilla soup....it was so delicious that I bought 2 to take home for my daughter and her boyfriend.....so yummy.  My son had a burrito and loved that you could pick what meat and HEAT for the sauce....he loves HOT! I know I will be stopping there EVERYTIME I pass by....yum!
5	One of my favorite spots. I eat here more than I care to admit but the food is just SO freakin good. Everything is full of flavor and is packed with homemade flare that keeps me going back for more!
5	AMAZING!! I cannot write enough about how delicious this place is! Went there for lunch and line was out the door! SO worth the wait! Everything is so fresh and flavorful! It makes Chipotle look like the ugly step child!
5	Great, fast enchiladas. It feels like the enchilada version of Chipotle. But less corporate!
5	I love it here! The food is always awesome. I would suggest this place to everyone. The corn bread filling is amazing.
2	Never been impressed with the food, been here a few times, will never go back. And there's a girl behind the counter that talks LOUDER than anyone I have ever encountered. Now whenever we hear a loud person we say 'The Gadzooks girl must be here". Someone needs to tell her to stop screaming "PICO DE GALLO?!?!!" before she scares off more customers.
4	MMMMMMMM I am a fan,.... The Green chili option is the way to go,.. The Bison wrapped in the Green Chili is the bee's knees!
3	Average joint.. was salty.. limited selection Not really customer friendly
5	This place has incredible food! it's an ingenious business concept that hopefully starts to branch out with more locations. If you're looking for an affordable, mouthwatering, and convenient meal this is the place to be!
4	I went again..sure its a tad salty, service is sketchy and its a bit warm in the seating area..But i this time order1 beef taco 1 chicken/pork combo enchilada with green sauce,  side of mashed potatoes Was surprisingly good the second time around!
3	I've been meaning to try this place for a while and finally stopped in and I'm glad I did. The food was delicious and even as a big Chipotle fan there's so many options I feel like I could eat here multiple times a week and not get tired of it which sometimes happens for me at Chipotle.I gave 3 stars for 2 reasons. One -as a first timer its a little awkward to navigate their line. The menu is so high up on a portion that extends above your head so you have to repeatedly step back to complete your order. Also the staff was not very helpful considering they are a newer place and there's so many options. Even when I go to Chipotle or Texas Roadhouse or Grimaldi's the first thing they ask is something along the lines of have you been here before etc. I noticed the same treatment towards the other customers in line as well, maybe it was a bad shift but that definitely turned me off a little. I'll be back for hopefully an experience as good as the food.
5	I was took here by a client of mine and didn't really know what to expect when we got there , but it was truy a slice of heaven I love Mexican food and hands down best tacos ever
5	Heard about this place from a podcast. Walked up and thought the building looked great. Walked in and felt like I was in Chipotle. I ordered 2 chicken enchiladas, adding cheese, guacamole and cabbage. It was great. Me and my friends really enjoyed this place. Very tasty. Highly recommend it.
5	This place is the bomb! Don't waste your time with mediocre food, bad service , and terrible music across the street at Taco Guild. You'll spend half the money and double your pleasure. I gave Taco Guild three tries, before giving up. Came to Gadzooks today for the first time , and was super impressed. Great concept . I'll definitely be back.
5	So good! I went here today for the first time with my friend. I got two enchiladas (corn tortilla) one with short rib, the other with green chili pork. I got half red sauce, half green sauce, with jack cheese. I also got the sour cream type stuff on top. They were both absolutely delicious, and I can't wait to come back! The service wasn't the best I've ever had, but hey, I'm not going there to make friends, I'm going to eat delicious food!
4	Hello, would you like to know the secret of life? If you worship at the temple of the almighty carb (which I am wont to do and really need to stop making a habit of), here you go:Mashed potatoes. Inside an enchilada.I could basically stop there, because what the hell else do you need to know?! But some more deets:I ordered 2 enchiladas in their 100% corn tortillas (pressed in front of our own eyeballs!), one filled with the mushroom/spinach mixture, one with the godly mashed potato filling.I picked "Christmas style" (both red and green sauces) because WHY NOT! Although I am an avid verde lover, so I think I'll go full on green sauce next time.Asadero cheese.Pico. Picked red onion.HEAVEN.We split some chips/salsa/gaucamole on the side, because you might as well go all out. The food was stupid, in the best way possible. I like a little golden to my cheese (all pizzas/cheese-topped foods in my house get a 30 broiler blast at the last cooking minute), and was pleasantly surprised when my little 'lada bowl came out of their oven just like that. Perfect! The mixture of toppings was superb.The only recommendation I can give is to perhaps put a label of what's what on the front see-through guard as people order. There are a lot of fillings/toppings/salsas/extras and it was a little awkward to have to step back and look immediately above my head and strain to see all the details of what I could order. If anything, it could make the employees' lives easier.Last word: Pumpkin cookies. Get them. See how life changes for the better.
5	Food is great. Love the fresh homemade tortillas. And all the sauces there are amazing!  Love the potatoes they offer too.  Definitely a great place for lunch, does get pretty busy so I would recommend calling in your order if you are in a hurry. I will be coming back again soon!
3	Decided to check this place out because of how cool the actual building looks when you pass by... lol. I went with two friends for a girls luncheon and enjoyed the food! As most of the reviews state, the staff was less than pleasant. It was as if we annoyed them by being there. It took an act of Congress to get her to smile or even look like she enjoyed her job. Coming up to the counter was all business so know your order. The short rib choice was SUPER oily... one of my friends was sick for the rest of the day. But the Chicken and spicy cornbread mix was AWESOME! I would recommend trying it because the food is good but if you are looking for great attitudes from the staff... skip it.
5	Absolutely addicting - so many options! I think I ate there at least 4 times the week before I moved because I knew I would miss it so much!!!!
5	OMG.  I hate reviews that start that way but it's the best I can do this place is awesome think of chipotle in its early years. Fresh food great flavors and good prices. Staff is friendly and very helpful in talking you through the process  will be coming back for more
5	Also:  it is a little intimidating/overwhelming on your first visit.  I stared at the menu board for about 2 minutes and was still undecided and somewhat confused,and  thats when the gal behind the counter asked if i had ever been there before and proceeded to very patiently and thoroughly explain the process and the options...that was very helpful.  Granted, there was no one behind me in line (i got there right as they opened).  By the time i left, the place was packed and there was a long line, so others may not have had the opportunity for full explanation as did i.  Just something to keep in mind on your first visit; its kind of like a crash course in a new language.. but worth the effort!
4	I just went today for the first time.  Really cool concept and the options you can add to your enchilada and tacos are a bit more interesting than Chipotle (not knocking Chipotle).  I will say that as a first timer, it's quite a confusing way to order as the signage is directly above you so you have to step out of line near the tables to see the boards.The decor is pretty hip.  Had to sit outside b/c  there really aren't too many tables inside, so that made the experience a bit sour b/c it's so dang humid and hot today.Overall a cool spot and I hope to be back.
5	Delicious enchiladas! I saw all the great reviews for this place and had to give it a try, glad I did! I'll be back for sure!
5	This place is very adorable and affordable! It tasted great and was filling. I recommend the sweet corn bread in a corn tortilla... It was so flavorful and unique. I will definitely be back! Happy eatings :)
4	Mmmm. Enchiladas have always been one of my favorite foods, and there's a Phoenix eatery solely devoted to cheese-filled tortilla bites of heaven: Gadzooks.For those of us who always dreamed of an enchilada bar, Gadzooks makes those reveries come true. The spot serves up just about any type of enchilada you'd like, as well as quesadillas, soup, tacos and salad. The tortillas are freshly made, and the combinations are endless.Fillings include chicken, pork, potato, bison, mushroom, short ribs and two types of cheese ($6.50-$6.75 for two tacos or two enchiladas), and then you get to douse your order in salsa, sauce, slaw and more. You can order three, but two were plenty for me, and I left with a full, happy stomach.The joint is order at-the-counter with a patio, and it's a really great alternative to Chipotle if you're looking for some new fast Mexican food. They also serve sangria, margaritas and beer.
4	So damn good. Best enchilada i've had in a while. Oh the staff is SOOOO friendly and accommodating. The product is great, like who else has Bison enchiladas?
5	Seriously, how have you lived your life so far in the Valley without knowing about this place??? Best. Stuff. EVER. My mouth is watering now as I'm starting to write this... Those enchiladas... yum... After we discovered it, we've been religiously visiting it whenever we can get a day off, early in the morning and you really need to get in as soon as they open, because the place gets packed and line forms around 11.30... which is 30 minutes after opening. Whatever special they have going on for the day, it's gone by 12... Soooo, yeah, get in early :D You won't make a mistake with whatever you try! The ingredients that they use and have to offer are just great and fresh all the way. And you can see them right there in front of you!Do yourself a favor and get to it whenever you can!
4	Seating is in short supply here!  There are also no misters outside for summer seating. Great flavorful enchiladas done Chipotle assembly style with a local Phoenix twist.  Multiple meat, cheese and sauce selections.  They are so great they allow you to mix and match!  I had the pork and chicken.  I loved the slaw add on, I don't see that often.  They also heat it up in a fire.  You also have two different style enchilada shells.  Staff is very helpful and guided me in my first time ordering.  I left with a hook up-enchilada style!  I'll be back soon.
5	Gadzooks is amazing!!! Wish I didn't live in Scottsdale so I could eat this more often. Cool staff, better food. I always have to get 3 enchiladas because I can't decide on one meat. Short rib, pork, and chicken. All good. Then I can't decide on sauce so I go half red and green across all of them. Then I can't decide on cheese so I get both. It's all just SOOOO good. Everyone needs to eat here. Please open more locations!!! chipotle sucks!
4	Quick, tasty and always on point! This place is very efficient and always clean. Favorite would have to be the chicken tortilla soup but the pork tacos and mashed potatoes are definitely up there as well! We usually stop here for a quick bite before heading over to Taco Guild across the street.
5	Love this place.  Soup is wonderfully fresh, filling, and flavorful.  I only wish they offered black beans.
4	This is the second time I've visited. The first time was lunch during the week and the line was out the door. After waiting for a while with three tired kids we decided to try it again some other time. I'm so glad we came back. The food is great. I tried the enchiladas- you pick your meat and they have several veggie options. I picked the short rib for one and spinach and mushroom for the other. I picked the green sauce and the salsa verde to top it off.  I don't get the fried egg, but the option intrigues me. It was love at first bite- so much flavor. I can't wait to try more combinations. The only downside for me was that the kids quesadilla was served in a really hot dish (not great for little fingers) and the guacamole served with the chips and guac is very small
5	These guys made the best enchilada ive ever had! I didnt know what I wanted so I just asked a dude there to make iy for me and it totally rocked. Later on in the day I burped and retasted it and I was like "man that was a good enchilada! Im going to download yelp so I can publically display my opinion on the place" so then I downloaded yelp and wrote this review.
4	This place is absolutely Fantastic! the green sauce and the chicken compliment each other so well. i definitely recommend.The service is also really good, if they know you are new they will explain everything to you, and make sure that you understand. This place is exactly like chipotle, just a little less corporate. This place is a must visit, even if it is just once!
5	I saw a review that likened Gadzooks to Chipotle.  As I made it through the line and their staff assembled my lunch, I can see how that comparison can be made - in process alone.  I love that they have limited items on the menu (basically, enchilada, taco, tortilla soup) but then there's an option explosion for what you put in them.  I had a green chili pork enchilada and a bison enchilada.  Both were terrific. It was the best bison I've ever had, in fact.  The house-smashed guacamole was delicious also.I thought I was smart by getting there at 11:30 (avoiding the noon rush) but they were already very busy.  I got the last parking space and the next to last interior table.  Thankfully the tables seemed to turn quickly and the line moved in the same way.  There are misters on the patio if that's your only course of action.   I will certainly come back and I'll bring friends.
5	I finally took my first trip to Gadzooks and I will be back for sure! My sister recommended going early to avoid crowds, but I thought she was nuts because when we got there it was empty. By the time we left, the line was out the door! This place gets busy and the friendly, efficient staff is more than prepared to handle it. We were greeted and the girl behind the counter explained the process to us - yes, just like Chipotle. Our pause was more just because there are so many choices! I went with 50/50 tortillas for my pork tacos, a little pico and sour cream and it was delicious. I wasn't hungry for a good 9 hours after that! Can't wait to try other varieties and of course, the enchiladas.
4	Tasty fresh Mexican food. They specialize in enchiladas and tacos. Very good. They make fresh tortillas corn and flour.
3	If you like meats and salty foods, this place is for you! The selection of fillings and toppings is vast, but I'd like to see more variety of veggie fillings.Didn't quite care for the spinach and mushroom filler. Overall not bad, but on the salty side.
5	This place is amazing. I was kind of concerned because my husband is Mexican and typically very critical of Mexican food but this place rocked our socks off! My husband got the tacos and I got the enchiladas - both we're amazing! Thankfully we did our research and checked yelp and google before we went so we knew what we were in for. I'd say this place is busy- know what you want as you walk in. Check out the gadzooks website and write out your order before you go. It will take 2 minutes but it will prevent the deer in headlights look as you struggle to create your mealI had enchiladas -with half and half tortillas- 1 chicken 1 pork - Christmas style (half green half red) - with jack cheese- green sauce- crema and cotija. (Yep! 2 types of cheese! Boom) My husband had 2 tacos - half and half tortillas - 1 chicken 1 pork with chihuahua cheese (cheddar) the habanero salsa and slawThis place is 30 minutes from our place but definitely worth it. We will be back for sure.
4	I want it all. Give it to me NOW. It's the enchilada's version of Chipotle. I need one of these where I live.
5	We chose this place based on other yelp reviews! We were not disappointed! Our food was awesome, particularly the chicken and the pork! Our service was awesome, the people behind the counter were very knowledgeable on explaining what the ingredients were and how it worked to build your own enchiladas! I will definetely be back!
4	Great food, but for goodness sake, GET SOME BLINDS! When the sun is setting it's like an ant sitting directly under a little boys magnifying glass. I see patrons trying to hold on to any bit of shadow available to shield their eyes. It's horrible!
5	This is the best place I've eaten at so far in Phoenix. This place has a lot of things going for it.Fresh homemade ingredientsFriendly StaffGood pricesThey serve boozeI don't know what else to say
4	Fresh ingredients, delicious food, good service.  Minus 1 star b'c it was a little confusing to get around the menu and for a buffet line with people behind the counter making your food, the whole process didn't run very efficiently.  Overall though, great experience.
5	This place is legit! Found it one day using the "wheel of lunch" and gave it a shot. One of my favorite lunch spots in central Phoenix. I always do two enchiladas with the 50/50 tortilla. I do a different meat in each (the chicken is one of my favs though). The red enchilada sauce is a little more smokey, the green is a perfect spice. I usually do my enchiladas Christmas style to have the best of both worlds. One piece of advice is they are a pretty small establishment. During the lunch rush (which starts about 11:30) I usually go the takeout route.
5	I love Gadzooks! I'm very critical of new restaurants and this place is impressive. Clever idea to go to market with enchiladas and soups. What impressed me the most....wood burning oven, high quality meats, options, and quick order to pick up time. Open and clean design inside. I highly recommend this place for brunch, lunch of dinner.
5	[A version of this review will also be featured on the Holy Taco Church at http://www.holytacochurch.com/.]Gadzooks! Enchiladas and Soup is a new place that I keep seeing mentioned on all the best-foods-in-Phoenix type lists.I ordered two tacos. My husband ordered enchiladas. I chose the "50/50," meaning half flour and half corn tortillas--this ended up being a good choice, because my husband went with corn and found they became extra toasty in the oven. Next up... MEAT. I was a bit confused about if I could combine meat with another non-meat main item, and it turned out I could.I chose to do two chicken and cornbread tacos. Cornbread. YES. Scooped out of a big casserole pan. Yelp said it was delicious, so I wanted to give it a shot!With my tacos girded with chicken and chunks of cornbread, my food moved on down the food bar. Me, I love me some cheese, and here I asked for asadero and chihuahua cheese. My whole dish was stuck in the big oven to heat up for like two minutes as I waited and drooled. Next up, I asked for pico, crumbled cojita cheese (because cheeeeeeeese), vinaigrette slaw, and pickled onions. At this point, the dish looked like a delicious rainbow of awesomeness.I asked for a pumpkin cookie and was pleased that the order included two. BONUS COOKIE FTW. They also had lemon blueberry cookies and I'd love to try those sometime.So, cornbread on a taco. Dude. This is amazing. Cornbread tastes awesome but it also has this soft/crunchy texture thing going on. It melds with the meat. Clouds opened up. Angels sang. Cornbread is good with everything on a Thanksgiving plate, and it totally works with zingy Mexican flavors. I need to try this combo at home.The food was 100% awesome. Every topping I chose was fabulous. The slaw and onions added a tang and crunch that nicely complemented the holy fusion of cornbread and chicken.My husband had a short rib and a pork enchilada. He was pleased. I asked for bites of his food to judge this. Well, it was more like a mugging. My fork loomed over his plate and he wisely surrendered the dish before I stabbed him. I agreed with his assessment.Meanwhile, our son had tortilla chips. They are awesome, all covered with bubbles, and thick enough that they can crackle and kinda explode when you bite into them. You could tell they are made there.Then we come to the cookies. The glaze on them turned out to be maple. MAPLE! Happiness! Rainbows! Fuzzy kittens! The cookies really tasted like homemade and were soft and chewy.We loved Gadzooks. Awesome food with great options. Good prices ($6.95 to get two tacos or two enchiladas). It's earned all the buzz.
1	The food is not very fresh. The flavor is also not very consistent! Unfortunately- looks like I'll be skipping this restaurant for a while!
5	AMAZING!  I went for lunch and got the 2 enchiladas.  One with green chili pork and the other with short rib.  Since I was a little overwhelmed with all the choices, and indecisive, I asked the person making it to top it with whatever went best, and that's just what he did.  I can't tell which one I liked better because they were both really good.  All I can tell you is, I will be back!
3	It's good. It really is. But their vegetarian/pescatarian options  aren't great. In the end your enchilada is mushy with a weird menagerie of tastes. It's at least a one time visit.
5	This was our first time here and the food was delicious! Everyone found something to suit them. Overall, the food was great, the restaurant is clean, and they were very helpful!
5	I cannot explain how pleased I was with this place. If I lived closer to this place I would have gone again the next day!!! They let me mix some of the fillings together, which I thought was very cool. I cannot stop talking about this place, and telling everyone that I meet about how great my experience was here. They flavors were spot on. I would say the only thing is, I had no idea what this place was or how it worked and it was kind of hard to understand what to do at first. There were 4 of us however and we all had different types of tacos and shared a bowl of soup. Not one of us had a complaint!! Everything was delicious!!! We will be back for sure! I hope you open more locations!! :)
5	The tacos are awesome!!  Between the 2 of us we tried the chicken, pork, potato and cornbread versions.  All of them were great, but the cornbread taco was really good!!!
5	First visit, and it delivered everything everybody said it would!! Worth the trip from Gilbert.
4	I was surprised at how authentic the food was here! Very yummy, a lot of options to customize the perfect dinner. Add a fried egg for a buck!
3	Meah. Food was ok. Great environment, tons of people. I got the bison tacos. I've only had bison a handful of times & it was gamy but not here, so that's a positive. I give them 5 stars for authenticity & making bison meat taste as good as it possibly could... But it's still bison meat. Really not that great. If they have beef I will try that next time. I won't give up on this place for the simple fact that it's authentic with a Chipotle flare.
5	Since my triumphant return to the valley of the sun, I had made a list of restaurants that were a must try and Gadzooks Enchiladas & Soup was at the top of that list! This place is similar to chipotle in concept but the quality of food doesn't even compare. Being a newbie to the joint - I asked the guy behind the counter to make me what he usually eats. I think this is the best thing to do sometimes, It's fun to try things that other people recommend. So of course I had to try the Enchiladas, I got one house corn and one made from scratch half n' half corn flour tortilla filled with green chilie prok shoulder and a sweet corn type filling in the other, I went christmas style and got the red and green sauce and asadero cheese, topped the sucker with a griddled fried egg and guac, salsa verde, with a little scratch made cream, crumbled cotija cheese, and pickled red onions! Seriously delicious - and not pricey at all.... I can't wait for it to be soup weather so I can try their tortilla soup! So, simply why should you come here?!- Fresh homemade ingredients- Huge portions, and great prices- Amazingly friendly and helpful staff- And there is boozeA must try!
5	Just had dinner there and I can say, without a doubt, this place is great.  The menu is simple, the food is fresh and delicious.  I never thought of enchiladas as a great choice, but Gadzooks has changed my mind.  I really liked that there seemed to an eclectic group of people there.  Heavily tattooed ladies sitting at tables next to old guys in Hawaiian shirts, next to a couple of families with young children.  My wife, daughter and I chose Gadzooks for a late dinner after visiting the Zombie Apocalypse seminar at the Arizona Science Museum.  I loved the fact that the owners converted an old Gas Station into a great little restaurant.  The place was clean, nicely set up and staff were friendly, welcoming and very helpful in guiding us through the menu.  My wife and I split a two plus one enchilada deal and the portions were plentiful and delicious.  A special note, the guacamole was very fresh and flavorful.   Well worth the extra buck!  Next time I'm going to give the soup a try.  If it as good as everything else, I'm sure I won't be disappointed. They only thing I would think that would make the dinning experience better would be more desert choices.  The pumpkin bread cookies were good, but a little bland compared to the rest of the meal.  To be honest, I would liked to have seen fried ice cream or at least a gourmet brownie offering, but that's just me.  Bottom line.......Five big ole gold stars.  Give Gadzooks a try, you won't regret it.
4	So good! I resisted going here for a long time (I don't like enchiladas or soup) but finally was convinced my husband to try it---it was great!It's kind of like chipotle but so much better, and it's not just enchiladas and soup. I love their chopped salad with short rib. My husband tried enchiladas and loved them as well.Service is fast & friendly, so much so that we stopped here (second visit) for a turbo lunch on my way to catch a flight for which I was already cutting in close.They sell beer even during lunch. Convenient location.Will go back
5	I LOVE this place!! I used to live about 5 minutes walking distance away and watched this place while it was under construction turn into this! Now I drive almost 30 minutes! All of the staff is welcoming and friendly. If there is a long line, don't be alarmed because it moves quickly! Not to mention the food is delicious! Gadzooks is great for lunch and dinner. With great food, great prices, and a vegetarian selection you can't go wrong! :)
1	The food is ok but nothing special!, for rhe price, dont think it hits the mark,.with all those toppings, i think the true flavor is taken away, i thought the flavor was missing, bland even with toppings!
4	Really liked it.  Very fresh ingredients and a flavor profile you won't get from bigger chain stores.  I'll be back with reinforcements next time!
5	Eating lunch here now, this place is so phenomenal that I had to stop and write about it. The employees here are magnificent. The food is incredible!  Our first time, and now our new favorite. Check it out!
3	First time here and I'm not overly impressed. A second visit and different choices might make a difference. The Chipotle version for enchiladas, you can build your enchiladas or tacos. I told the girl behind great glass wall of sneeze protection that it was my first time. She didn't seem to care and started rattling off questions that were barely audible over the wall of sneeze protection and drowned out by the blaring Indie Rock. When she zipped through list of the meat fillings as if she had told me 29 times already, I knew I was on my own creating something worth eating. I settled on one chicken and one beef enchilada with a green and red sauce on each. Cotija and Creme finished it off. The enchiladas were slightly too salty and grease quickly pooled on either side. They just weren't that tasty but is that my fault? Maybe. An attractive lady got better treatment being guided through the build process from the scruffy counter guy who projected his voice confidently over the great glass wall of sneeze protection.
5	I really like the red and green sauce. The way they cook the enchilada like a pizza blends all the tastes together...It has a lot more overall taste than most quick food places...I think that they are on to something here...I would drive out of my way to eat there and the food matches the bill...
4	The green chile pork is amazing.  I would recommend the 50/50 tortilla and the green chile corn bread.  The cabbage slaw is super good too.  Only downfall is it's pretty small inside so if you head down for lunch during work, get there before 11:30 to avoid a line out the door.
5	Food great, customer service sucks, they don't explaining how their system works, and to be honest it's confusing. They were rude and rolled their eyes like they had no patience. They need to smile and ask they the customer had they visited before!
4	I think it's great when an entrepreneur comes up with a new concept.  This whole idea of enchiladas and soup is really cool and I'll bet he opens several more locations.I had the tomatillo chicken and modelo braised short rib enchiladas.  Red and green sauces, honey vinaigrette slaw, jalapeno ranch dressing pico de gallo and cojita cheese.  Super yummy!I also had some chips, salsa and a beer.Overall it was a great meal.I'd like to see a little more selection of beer (craft) and the table I sat at wasn't bussed from the previous diner's mess until halfway through my meal.
5	Fresh and delicious!  I went at lunchtime and had a chicken tomatillo enchilada and a green chile pork enchilada with corn tortillas, green sauce and habanero salsa, and a side of chips and guac.  I was a newbie and overwhelmed with all of the choices, so next time might load it up a bit more!  The food was very flavorful.  I will definitely be back.
4	Excellent enchiladas! The place is a bit noisy but the food is good. A unique concept.
5	An enchilada eatery that thrives doign things the right way. With fresh ingredients, fast preparation, and delicious results. By giving the people the choicest choices of ingredients and letting them decide how to dress it up, it gets a lot of comparisons to Chipotle, and while Chipotle deserves all due respect, Gadzooks has truly raised the bar for Phoenix-based Mexican food. The green chile pork and tomatillo chicken are delicious, the braised short rib is savory, the jack potatoes are unreal. Add the hand mixed guacamole for extra creaminess, the slaw for some crunch, or get the fried egg on top for an authenic (and filling) flavor experience. Go early to avoid the longer lines, just don't get it to-go, it's best when eaten fresh out of the oven. My only regret after each trip is not having enough room in the stomach to eat three more orders.
4	This place is brilliant! Screw chipotle! I order enchiladas at a Mexican restaurant anyway, so why not custom make them, in an assembly line fashion? Delicious, vegetarian options, has beer, and something for just about anyone!
5	This place is awesome. I highly recommend the green chili pork shoulder and short rib enchilada Christmas style along with tortilla soup. They were both absolutely RIPPIN!! Highly recommended. Also got one of the best margaritas in the valley. We will become regulars here in now time at all.
4	Great concept, great ingredients, good prices. Build-your-own enchilada
4	Bombdiggity enchiladas, the guajillo short rib and green chile pork are my favorite fillings. Fast, casual and delicioso.
5	Yum... just yum. Gadzooks is basically a chipotle for enchiladas, but on another level. I've been there twice and both times it's been delicious. Today, i tried the short rib and chicken enchiladas with 'xmas sauce' (both green and red) with a side of cornbread heaven. Absolutely recommended!
5	I walked up and was like "wow! This place has a patio!" And let me tell you how dope that patio is! It's got like 7 tables! And you can sit at any one of them! Unbelievable. I'll be coming back to check out that dope patio for sure!
4	In a nutshell, Gadzooks is to Enchiladas, what Chipotle is to Burritos... except the food at Gadzooks is better. The first time I came here it was a -- let's test out how stressed Jon can get before passing out event. It was super loud, lots of people and I've never been a fan of the whole cafeteria line, create your own type of ordering systems... so there was that. Confused and anxiety ridden, we shouted our order at the mostly friendly folks on the other side of the sneeze guard. They could surely tell we were newbs and taking into account how busy it was, they handled it nicely. Frustrated, we made it down to the check out spot where the magic happened. They have the Coolest twine tying thingy (I'm pretty sure that's the manufacture name) that ties up your to-go order. It's so bad ass. That put a smile on my face after, to this point, an overwhelming experience. We left thinking we may not go back again because the stress just wasn't worth it. Then we got home with our bounty and pretty much after the first bite knew that was a premature ruling. The place does good enchilada. I'm no expert, in fact, I never ate much Mexican style food until moving to Phoenix a year ago, but these were top 10 in my world. Especially taking into account that it's fast-casual. Not too fancy, just good food. We've been back a couple of times since our first visit and the ordering process gets easier as you get use to it. The food has been great each time, and the twine tying thingy never ceases to delight.
5	First off...the food is fresh and hot.  Prices are very reasonable.  The tacos and enchiladas are amazing!  If you are in the mood for a quick lunch or dinner this is the spot. Very casual.  It is order and seat yourself style which isn't my favorite but the food makes up for it.
5	I never want to go to Chipotle again. Gadzooks is like a gourmet version of Chipotle, with comparable prices and mouth-watering salsas, meats, slaw and toppings to make your tacos/burrito/salad SO DELICIOUS.
5	This place is my JAM!!  This is place is so different from anything else.  Sure, they make enchiladas and tacos but it's a whole different style than anything else I've ever had.  I like the salad or enchiladas.  I personally prefer short rib with cornbread filling because it gives it a tamale taste.  I know that sounds weird to get cornbread in a salad or enchilada but trust me, I'd eat my weight in that stuff.  It's super moist and extra spicy.  Everything is very fresh (including the handmade guacamole.  YES PLEASE!)  The staff is fast and are quick to make whatever changed you want to your meal.  You can sample all the meats before you order (and again, try the cornbread).  The owner is a great guy and I hope they build new locations soon.  The sitting area and parking get absolutely crazy during lunchtime, especially as word spreads of how good this place is, so be prepared to park somewhere else or try to hit it up later in the day.
4	Awesome chicken tortilla soup and you can add your own twist to it! Will definitely be back to try their enchiladas and other menu items.
5	Great meal! 50/50 tortillas, genius.  I had shortrib enchiladas,  hubby had green chile and daughter had chicken. Great concept like Chipotle for enchiladas!  Good flavors wish there was one in California.  Definitely eating here again before leaving.
1	This place is not the buizness. I got tacos which I can't believe were $7. Whathehell we live in AZ tacos are like cactus here......everywhere!!!!!!! So as I'm sitting there surrounded by hella white ppl I'm thinking why am I here. My niece didn't even like her chicken tacos, how does a kid not like tacos. That was a wrap for me but my friend keeps telling me it's not the tacos it's the enchiladas. I don't know if I can do it again. Buena suerte?
4	The enchiladas are great!  Read a few reviews and decided to try them today. They make the enchiladas right in front of you in a pizza type oven. Soo good!  Also had a sangria which was also very good. We ordered the soup just to see and weren't impressed - the veg in it felt like it had been in a crockpot for days. Everything else was amazing tho and will definitely be back
5	Really good food.  Fresh.  Yummy.  Get your enchiladas made exactly as you like them.  Check it out.  And like the guy in front of us in line said..make sure you order a side of cornbread.  It was good.
4	This place rules! Enchiladas are great. Short ribs and Modelo braised bison! Gotta get there during lunch for the bison or they'll run out. Excellent food and good Mexican beer
1	My coworkers had been raving about this place, so I was excited try it, especially after they said it was a "chipotle" style place.So we get there and i just found everything to be so disorganized. Theres all sorts of stuff sitting there and they expect you to know how it all works. Anyway, I don't know even how to describe the process and the food. It was just flat out not good. It was too sour and just didn't do it for me. Maybe I didn't order the right thing. I do plan on giving it another chance because i saw them put all that stuffing into a green chili and I wanted to try it. I am hoping it will be better the second time around.I still love chipotle. Much better.
5	When it comes to food, I am known to eat about half of whatever I order and save the rest for someone else to eat later. Not at this place; the food is delicious. It is not saturated in grease and has a unique way of preparation and presentation. The atmosphere is casual and cafeteria-style. It is like a higher end Chipotle. I keep telling friends to check it out and no one seems disappointed either.
5	Their chicken tortilla soup is nothing but the truth. I was sick and that's all I wanted and they SURPASSED my expectations. I will be back...you can count on that.
5	Wow, this place really impressed me.  Super delicious homemade enchiladas, tacos, and soup.  The tortillas are amazing, love the half corn half flour.  And the cornbread is the best ever!  Will be going here often.
4	Went here for dinner one night after work and this place is the goods. Solid food with great choices. Atmosphere was pleasant and the staff was friendly. I would recommend it!
3	I enjoyed the ambiance of this restaurant. The staff was really friendly and helpful. The food was good but not five stars great. I'd definitely hit it up because its conveniently around the corner from me but, not sure I would interject in a conversation about HAVING to check this place out.
5	I found the food excellent,  and I'll definitely return. The downside is that it's quite busy, and that usually keeps me from visiting more often despite living nearby.  Definitely recommended if the parking lot isn't full.
3	I was here at the opening bell on a Saturday with a group that took over about 1/2 the seating inside, and it was hot outside. The food was good. The folks working there were pleasant and knowledgeable.  I don't think I care for the assembly line in this case. It gets all bunched up because halfway through the process your meal goes in the oven but you can't just walk away because in a few minutes you have some more choices to make.  It does have parking which is a plus downtown.
5	Great place, I love enchiladas and this place makes them great.It has a Chipotle or Subway like setup of choice what you want. Service is great and timely. Also great options to, including vegetarian like spinach and mushroom or smash potato.
4	Interesting concept. Think Chipotle or Qdoba, but with enchiladas.Smashed potatoes as a filling are great - seriously. Doesn't seem like it, but I love them. Short ribs are also yummy. Cornbread is also really, really good, and spicy, so if you have a sensitive stomach, skip it.Both the red and green salsa are good. I recommend getting it Christmas style unless you have a strong preference for one flavor over the other. All the salsas are good, and I love the pickled onions as a touch of sweetness and freshness to balance the decadence of the short ribs. I like having the buttermilk and jalapeno ranch dressings on the side for a bit of extra flavor.Prices are reasonable, and I'm always super full for a long time after a meal here. It gets busy during lunch, so stopping by a little early or late can cut down on wait time. Parking is right up front, and there's a patio if you so choose.
5	Some people compare this place to Chipotle, and they need to stop. As someone who loves Chipotle even more than the proper amount, Gadzooks blows them out of the water.All of the potential fillings for your enchiladas are flavorful. Like, not that silly chef's kind of flavorful that involves words like "light" and "delicate." These are some serious enchiladas with some serious, robust flavors. The spicy cornbread for example? It's actually spicy, and corny, and sweet. Also, you can get your enchiladas in chiles after 4:00 p.m. or some kind of delicious insanity. You can also add eggs, and they have a huge variety of sauces and toppings. Just go here. I don't care if you're a local, native, hipster or old foagie. Ignorance is not bliss. Enchiladas is bliss.
3	Gadzooks, for me, was somewhat boring. I was taken to Gadzooks for lunch, with a couple of friends. We had heard that the food was great, so we decided to test it out.The menu was/is confusing, too many sauces. Choosing the right combo seemed just like an unlikely happening..Overall my food was bland and unimpressive. We all almost left half of our food on our plates.Staff was great, friendly. Helpful and knowledgeable. 3 stars just for the fact that the staff was pretty much the highlight. I probably won't return. I just really wanted to like this place.
5	AWESOME. That may even be an understatement. This place creates enchiladas that are a flavor explosion in your mouth. There are so many different flavors and combinations, but no matter which way you build your enchilada, it's going to be a success. I hate to do this because I'm sure they hear it all the time, but it's very similar to Chipotle in the way you order and build your food. You walk up and go through a process which is nicely explained on their menu above the ordering area. The people behind the counter are very friendly and will help you along the way if you get lost on your first time through. I'll share my combination because it was incredible and gives an idea of how the whole thing works. I got two enchiladas in flour tortillas (they have both corn and flour tortillas made in house!). In one enchilada I got the green chile pork and in the other I got the sweet and spicy cornbread. Next I chose the green sauce and asadero cheese (aka jack cheese). Then they throw it into an open oven and let the cheese melt and bubble over the top. Next I topped mine with Uncle Rico's Pico, crumbled cojita cheese (more cheese!), honey v slaw (SO GOOD), pickled onion, and scratch made crema. Lastly I got the jalapeno ranch on the side, which I'm glad I did because it had a nice kick to it!I went with 4 people and our total came out to about $32! WHAT A STEAL. We just got waters and skipped on the chips and guac but I still left the restaurant feeling full and happily satisfied. I hope they open up more location closer to home because I'd eat here all the time.
2	In keeping with "Poor Review after one visit (why would I go again?) and a Good Review after at least two visits" I regret having to write this one after only one Review.I approached the experience with VERY high hopes. I let the "Server," who was extraordinarily helpful and very upbeat, decide what I should "try" on my first visit. He suggested:              One Green Chili Pork Shoulder Enchilada              One  Short Rib EnchiladaMy Server covered it and after a bit of time in the Brick Over, added Guacamole and Crema (again his recommendation).One problem, they both tasted identical. Couldn't tell the difference. I believe this stems form everything hot being kept in a steam table (ugh!) and obviously NOT freshly prepared. The taste was spicy but considering the amount of meat (a fairly good portion) I was surprised that the meat taste didn't come through.The cost of over $9 for two relatively small Enchiladas I thought was a bit steep, but if the quality was better, maybe okay.With so many good to great "Mexican" alternatives, wouldn't rank in my Top Ten by any stretch.VERY disappointed!
4	That's a spicy meatball! Or in Gadzooks' case an enchilada. They do enchiladas and they do them very well. There are tons of different combinations of mixings and ingredients you can choose from to build your own enchilada. Tons of different meats, sauces, and veggies to choose from. You could really try a new flavor combination every time you go in. The atmosphere here and the patio make for a great time. They also have several bottled beers available for purchase that would compliment your meal very well. The staff members here were also very nice and helpful to my friends and I when we told them this was our first visit. The cashier even brought us over samples of the various meets so we could try each type. I really enjoyed this place and I am looking forward to trying more of their food in the future.
5	Best place for me right now.  I'm exhausted,  little sleep,  but knew I needed to eat before heading to an AirBnB after a shitty hotel. So that's my mood and I came here,  overwhelmed by choices.  They were so friendly and walked me through the process to order two enchiladas.  I ended up with the flour mixture tortilla,  with cornbread and chicken in one,  and short ribs and something else yummy in the other.  A side of the slaw set it off perfectly with a bit of sour crunch.  What could make this any better?  White sangria. They let you sample the food,  the sangria and margaritas.  Owned by a young guy in his 20s. His mom fresh bakes the cookies everyday.  Mmmmmm.  Pumpkin.  I can't believe I almost got a sandwich from Walgreens.  Glad I work in the area,  I'll be back.
5	We love this place. All the food has great flavor, but my personal favorite is one pork enchilada with green sauce and a short rib enchilada with red sauce with lots of pickled onions and cabbage slaw on top. We have two young children and it is their favorite place. They get to watch their food being prepared, don't have to wait for the food, and all of the staff are super friendly and helpful. We like it enough that we have brought out of town guests too.
4	This was perfect after a long flight (long meaning an hour flight on an empty stomach. Don't do that ever!) obviously it as my first time and the worker helped me thru it all. First of all 50% corn 50% flour tortillas whatttt. Cornbread filling Whattt . Totes recommend! I also got the short rib and tried the green chile pork. Both equally good but short rib was off putting after a while. Also ordered the soup which comes with a heaping pile of meat and cheese on top. Everything goes into an oven which reminds me of chipotle/pieology. Actually it's pretty much the same exact concept but no complaints there! I don't usually like lots of options or decision making but this was Straight forward. Tortilla meat sauce cheese toppings more cheese more sauce. Hell yes! Yum Hit the spot
5	Plain and simple this is one of the best in Phoenix! The experience is fun and creating my own food fix is the best! There are an endless amount of combinations you can get and the staff really knows their food!
5	Love the concept, something like an enchilada bar. I tried it twice with my boyfriend and both times were great. The server was super helpful, the environment was very laid back and most importantly, the food was amazing. I would definitely recommend trying the beef and cornbread :)
5	This place is definitely the highlight of my trips to Phoenix! The concept is kind of like a Chipotle with enchiladas, except unlike Chipotle the flavors at Gadzooks are EXCEPTIONAL! First timers should definitely get the tomatillo chicken (I usually hate shredded chicken, but this was a major WOW for me) and the tortilla soup topped with the cornbread filling. The atmosphere is great with thoughtful minimal design details (they converted it from a gas station!) and their staff is super helpful -- everyone is very much on top of their game to make it a streamlined ordering process. My only complaint is that they don't have a location in California... yet! I can see this restaurant expanding and being very successful at anything they set their minds to. Kudos!!
5	What is Gadzooks trying to do? Make a better restaurant than Chipoltle? Well they succeeded! And that is no easy task. I love Gadzooks! The fresh and different ingredients. The corn or flour tortillas uniquely Gadzooks. Tacos just as good as the enchiladas. And freshly melted cheese in the oven. I feel sorry for employees having to constantly stick their arms in a super hot oven but my stomach thanks you! I could go on and on about the incredible tacos and enchiladas, but I just have two words...tortilla soup! I get it every time and it's super bueno! Took my wife to Gadzooks for the first time on her day off and impressed the heck out of her! Happy wife equals a happy husband! The Decor is spiffy too. Really nice illustration on the wall of a giant enchilada that actually helps explain their ingredients. It's these little well thought out details that makes The Gadzooks name synonymous with quality!
3	Ate at Gadzooks twice.  The first time left me in a gaseous aftermath which we shall never speak of.  Note to self:  no.  pickled.  onions.The second time, I got the poblano pepper stuffed with spinach and mushrooms.  By itself the spinach/mushroom is rather bland so I had the peppers topped with pico de gallo and guac.  These were the only two toppings from my first visit that I liked.  I also got a side of the spicy cornbread.  (Tasty!)They were out of cookies and chips that evening.  Note to restaurant:  Make. Extra.  Duh!I enjoyed my meal, and even though the colors looked lovely on my palette (platter), only the spinach/mushroom item appealed to my palate.  So I would order the same thing every time.Won't be eating here often.
4	I like enchiladas.  So, naturally, I have been frequenting Gadzooks for a little over a month now and am more than happy to submit an almost perfect review of their establishment.Pros:Food is amazing.  With a very from scratch taste and feel I appreciate, along with new items that hit the chalk board and run the risk of availability, it's hard to go in and get the same old same old every time.  This is the one thing places like Chipotle can't exactly replicate and I admire; new flavors and dishes are what make this stand apart.Enchiladas are made to order with enough customization choices to keep you going back.   Pulled Buffalo enchiladas? I managed the last one and considered putting it up on EBAY.  The enchilada oven.  There is something special about watching your dish enter the oven and the cheese bubbles with happiness.  Cons:  Get there early.  Parking is at a premium though not as bad as most places on 7th st.  Here is my issue; the line.  The whole process operates like subway, chipotle, etc which isn't too bad but for the fact that your dish can come out of the oven and sit for minutes until you are able to pay, fight the single drink dispenser, and get seated.  I have on more than one occasion diverted to another restaurant if I spot a line out the door.  True, good things come to those who wait but I dislike lines for food so that is my only hangup with Gadzooks, who otherwise has some of the tastiest enchiladas made to order I have had the pleasure of sampling for some time.
5	I love this place - enchiladas, soup and salads. The best filling is cornbread - even if you aren't a vegetarian it is worth it.
5	This place is unbelievable! We went here with some friends for a pre-party dinner on New Year's Eve. I think there is something magical that happens when they add the cheese and put the dish in the oven because it comes out tasting like heaven. Everyone in the group ordered different items, and all were completely impressed with the taste, speed of preparation, and price. We were probably about 2 bites in before the first person started to plan out how to get here for a weekday lunch from a job in North Phoenix. As someone who often chooses vegetarian options as restaurants, I was amazed at the number of choices for non-carnivores. I had an enchilada with chicken (needed the protein) and one with spinach and mushrooms. Both were great but the mushroom was perfect. Next time I'm trying the cornbread stuffing mix. I wish this chain would build locations in every part of town. In the mean time, I'll be looking for reasons to be in the neighborhood just so I can curb my enchiladas cravings!
