3	Well, I definitely have mixed opinions about this place.  WCG seems to be just another high-ish dollar, recent pop-up restaurant on Eastern with not too much unique about it.  When I first arrived, the girls at the front were kinda  lazing around but straightened up and were very courteous as soon as I crossed the threshold.  I did like the mod decor of the place, and of course the multicolored liquor bottle display that makes up the entire back wall of the bar catches your attention immediately in contrast to the darker hardwood decor and lowlights everywhere else.  We got there at about 8:30pm and were seated in the furthest back corner of the bar area - I mention this because I was eating with a group that consisted of two rather normal looking people and two very punk, mohawked and tattooed others....when I eat with them and we get seated in the back of an empty restaurant, it kinda irks me, especially in Vegas.  Onto the menu - a few things caught my eye:  the dancing crabcakes, the couscous as one of the regular sides, and the tortilla soup.  Be warned:  things on the menu are not what they seem, and I was not happy that I didn't get what I asked for....or what I thought I was asking for.  The couscous is not actually served as most people know it - it is cold, in a salad of schtuff (see previous review by Desiree D.), and VERY liberally doused in Mayo, which is gross IMHO but maybe that's because I've eaten too much mayo-doused potato/chicken/tuna/insert-anything-here salad back home in the south, god rest my poor deluded grandma's soul.  The crab cakes were good.  The tortilla soup was actually more of a tomato bisque with some very limp cold tortilla strips (I think?) and pieces of avocado  in the bottom.   I did like the homemade salsa that came with the spinach dip and chips on the side.  I also liked our server - she was a little corny, but she was extremely knowledgeable when it came to the menu and bent over backwards to bring us condiments and refill beverages throughout the meal.One more warning:  If you like Jaegermeister, you may as well fuggeddaboudit.  There is none to be had on that entire bright, shiny wall of alcoholic beverages - I guess the bottle doesn't fit appropriately into their rainbow schematic....
2	Ate here last night, and wasnt very impressed. First, the candle on the table wasnt lit...and every other tables was...pet peeve of mine :)   The seared tuna appetizer tasted like a raw hot dog, and the parmesan crusted filet I had for the main course wasnt really anything to write home about either. especially for $29. I can think of 20 places where you can get a better steak for less. The service was pretty slow too. The white chocolate brownie dessert was probably the best part. And just as a note, dont try to go in with a party of more than 6, its all booths, and the largest one seats 6, and there are only about 4 of those. Dont think I'll be going back.
2	I wasn't that impressed with this place. The ambiance was kind of dim, and made me sleepy (it was like 11am). The food was a little pricey, and didn't taste very good (VERY SALTY! Trying to make up for flavor?). Service was slow too! Would not go back....
5	the white chocolate grill in Henderson is amazing. It is wonderful, very elegat, but simple. The food is very good. The first time I had eaten there was the grand opening. I had a half roast chicken with mashed potatoes. It was amazing. The second time I went I ordered a filet mignon cobb salad, as well as a prime rib with asparagus and creamy horseradish. The were amazing, the prime rib wAs crusty on the outside and moist on the onsde. The salad was very large, by was delicous. For dessert both times I have gone, I ordered the white chocolate brownie. It was delicious. I would highly reccomend this restaurant to anyone.
3	We go here often for business lunches.  The food is consistently decent.The service inconsistent.  They make a great Arnold Palmer though...
2	Had dinner last night at WCG and once again I was not impressed. I had the Fish special which was halibut it was very salty and for $26 you would expect more than one side which by the way was some soggy broccoli. My friend had the Ahi tuna burger which looked a darn sight better than my expensive halibut and tastier. We had no starters and no desert we did have a cocktail and the bill for two including tip was $84.I've been there for lunch before but I thought as it was new I'd give it another shot.  Definitely will not go back.
2	sleek, looking place, pleasant enough. hit it tonite for dinner with my sis and her two daughters ... i went with the combo ribs/rotisserre chicken w/ roasted carrots, sis had salmon w/ cous-cous,  chicken sammie for one niece, grilled cheese for the other, 3 of us had lemonades...no dessert - total cost $71the food - kinda dull ...not bad...just ho-hum ...a cut above chili's, applebee's etc ...kinda pricey for what you get....
4	I was surprised at some of the reviews this place got.  I was very happy with the place, atmosphere, food, service and drinks.Called ahead to reserve...it's more of a "call ahead" and they give you a few minutes to get to the place.Got there and got seated right away ahead of people I guess that was waiting that did not call ahead.  There were several people that came to the table to make sure we were not ignored.  Got our drink order and appetizer right away and was served without hesitation.The atmosphere is nice for a romantic dinner...lots of woods and dark with candles and focused spotlights on the table.  Lots of reds for decor and the servers all wore black.  My bruised apple martini was done to the way I described it to be and yummy.  The appetizer Sesame Crusted Ahi Tuna *   $ 12Sushi grade - served rare with sesame citrus soy dressing was yums.  The seasonings complimented the tuna and was delicious and very well presented.For salad...ordered   WCG Bacon Blue Cheese Salad   $ 9Mixed greens, Maytag blue cheese, Smoked Bacon, candied nuts and red onion.  Wow!  nice flavors....real bacon, lots of chunky blue cheese....it was a party in my mouth.i ordered the Balsamic Ribeye - 12 oz. *   $ 24Balsamic infused and grilled and was not at all disappointed.  My fave ribeye is from Texas Roadhouse.....this was definitely a great competition.  For the one the reviewed the rib eye to be fatty...hellooo....rib eye is fatty..if you didn't want fatty...shoulda ordered a leaner steak.  anyways...my date ordered the Roast Sterling Prime Rib *   $ 26Slow roasted with au jus. Available after 4 pm (limited).My ribeye was perfectly flavored- I did not even need any steaksauce.  The mashed potatoes could have been improved wth garlic and something else that was missing.  We usually don't order dessert since we are usually full and have to take our food home and have another meal to eat the next day. ...But we ordered:  Molten Chocolate Souffl Cake   $ 7.5Was so yummy, fresh cream, soft in the middle, very chocolatey, wish we could have eaten it all but too full.  Was sooooooo goooood.....very yumsters.Our server was very attentive and I was very happy with the whole experience. It was a bit pricey but i would not compare it to Applebees or someplace like that. Overall it was a good experience....good place for a date especially if you have a romantic person with you.. (so make sure you have a romantice date so that won't complain about how dark it is and hard to see the menu---lol)Parking is right outside and lots to choose from.  Go there.  Study their website and the menu and call ahead.  and enjoy!!!!
3	First of all, the place looks great from the outside.  The whole reason I took my wife there was because it looked cool.  Very modern.  I called and made a reservation with a very friendly guy.When we arrived (early, by 5 minutes) for our reservation, they told us it'd be a few minutes to get the table ready.  In less than a minute, someone else appeared and told us our table was ready and sorry for the wait.  Good service.The seating is kind of unique.  Each table has a booth-style bench on one side that faces the large bar.  The other side, I can't remember.  It's one of those steakhouses that has enough tables in it to create a "cafeteria"-like atmosphere if enough people are talking at the same time.  This is as opposed to the Melting Pot, which doesn't cram tables in.  The lighting is very nice and there is a lot of leather and dark wood.  The atmosphere is great, but like I said, it can get a little loud.Our waiter was very nice and we liked him from the beginning.  He made recommendations for us, but only when asked, so he didn't get annoying.  Though we knew we were going to get the filet, we noticed some interesting dishes like Filet Cobb Salad and a Filet French Dip.  We found out pretty quickly one of the biggest drawbacks to their menu:  they don't have bernaise sauce.  Instead, they have a Blue Cheese Filet and a Parmesan Filet.  I chose Blue Cheese, my wife chose Parmesan.  I got Broccoli, she subbed in a Caesar salad for $2.The salads came first.  A good size, but they over-did the dressing.  It was very saturated and flavored very strongly.  Our steaks took awhile to come.  The parmesan/blue cheese Filet is basically a (perfectly cooked, I might add) filet with cheese and your chosen flavoring melted over the top.  There was so much flavoring on both of our steaks that we couldn't even taste the meat.  We had to scrape the cheese/flavoring off, and occasionally dip our meat into the pile of flavoring for a much better experience.  My broccoli was sprinkled with some sort of flavoring, which was too intense and over-done.  For dessert, we had the molten chocolate souffle, which is your basic molten chocolate cake with whipped cream on the top.  However, the presentation was definitely a notch or two above Chili's.  Throughout, the service was very good.  At the end, it took them awhile to get our dessert to us.  They realized this, and a manager came over, apologized, and comped the dessert plus a few other items.  All without complaining.  We were very impressed.All in all, we concluded that most parts of our meal were too intensely flavored, but the service, presentation and cooking of the food made up for it.  We paid about $25 for each filet including a side, which was reasonable.  Another downside:  no Guinness.
2	im just confused on what the hell this place is trying to be..it looks all cool and modern on the outside..but the menu has low end sandwiches and then high priced steaks? The atmosphere inside is that of a fancy restaurant but it seems like an overdone chili's or applebees. The couscous was decent and their bread pudding is what made me give it the second star since it was made with croissants
4	Wow, I'm surprised with most of the reviews here because I am in love with this restaurant.  I've been here a good dozen times since it opened and can't get enough.Start with the grilled artichoke appetizer.  The chef takes a whole (giant) artichoke, removes the choke, steams it until almost done and then finishes it off on the grill.  The artichoke comes out sprinkled with Parmesan cheese and with a mustardy dip on the side.  Amazing.Also, the salads are delicious.  My personal favorite is the seared ahi tuna salad.  It comes with a great champagne dressing and a huge serving of sesame encrusted seared tuna.  So good.  The steak cobb salad is also really good with melt in your mouth croutons, avocado and a great dressing.I've always had great service here and the food is consistently great.
5	I can't comment on the food because I only had desserts here. My friend told me the desserts were really good, and she was right! The desserts are a very nice size (not the small onces you get at a fancy restaurant). These are memorable and great if you have a major dessert craving-enough I tried to go back the other day and it was closed on Monday nights-boo!The first time there I had the white choco brownie and apple pie. White Chocolate Brownie  $ 7.59 Callebaut Chocolate and French Vanilla Ice cream Freshly Baked Apple Pie  $ 7.59 French Vanilla Ice Cream, Nuts and Caramel Sauce   I did not find anything wrong with either one, we ate every last bite!Next time I will try the food.
4	My boyfriend and I are frequent visitors to this restaurant. The food is delicious and the servers are always  attentive and polite. The grilled chicken salad is fantastic, and comes with goat cheese, almonds and golden raisins. If you're eating here for the first time, then you absolutely MUST have the White Chocolate brownie. A HUGE white chocolate brownie is served, oozing with dark chocolate sauce, topped with vanilla ice cream. Simply TO DIE FOR. An absolute must-have. Save room for dessert. You won't be sorry.
4	This place is an oasis in the culinary desert that is Eastern. Granted, they're not serving haute cuisine, but damn it if the food isn't hearty, well prepared and worth the money. The interiors are stylish and contemporary with a hint of Escher thrown in because the breadth of the booze wall runs counter to how much space you thought this place contained judging from the outside.For a harmless test run: go for happy hour, split an order of the sliders or baby back ribs, one of their salads and some Pinot Noir. You'll be in love in 15 minutes. Also, make sure you get to know Jason the bartender. A true mensch and fine host. Plus if you consider yourself a smoking hot single lady, see if you can convince him to show you his San Diego Chargers tattoo. I'm just sayin'
4	no wonder this place won best new restaurant in the las vegas review journal survey! it is delicious.yes, the food is not anything exciting. but it is good food, traditional with a twist. the steaks are delicious, fish were fresh and the tomato gin soup is to die for. i havent tried it for lunch, but dinners were always amazingthe desserts are so-so.. but i think its hard to find a good restaurant with great desserts. the service was ok, not anything great. however, i enjoyed the ambiance so much that i did not care. i went there for my birthday and was very happy with my choice.id recommend it for a cool night out with friends, but not for a date.
4	The food is very good.  On busy nights, I suggest eating in the bar, which serves the full menu, plus happy hour from 5PM to close.  Great drinks.  I enjoyed the Black Cherry Cocktail.  I do love a good happy hour.
4	I have never had a bad experience here, the food is always tasty and the service is great.  I have had many different things from steak to sandwiches, all were good quality, cooked the way I wanted, and a fairly generous portion.  The desserts are limited, but all of them are very good.
5	I love this place for burgers and salads, they have the BEST ranch dressing ever, and their fries rock, but once you get into the pricey entrees, like the Filet Mignon, was not impressed, it was thin and dry, taste was ok, but all in all not worth the 30 bucks. the atmosphere is romantic and the decor modern .The servers have all been really nice and attentive. closed on Monday!
4	Closed for Lunch!!??  What a let down!  But I can't complain about much else.  The arnold palmers here are delicious and tart with fresh squeezed lemonade.  The well drinks are decent and it has a good selection of beers.The steak salad is incredible!  I love the dressing they use on it and the blue cheese crumbles make it even better.  The spinach and artichoke dip is great as an appetizer.  And the burgers look great as well.  Try it out, you won't regret it.
4	I went here for my birthday & everything went quite smoothly.  Our waiter was Steven who rec'd the blue lemonade martini which was nice.  They had a fabulous $28.99 per person 4 course prix fixe menu with 1.  appetizer of grilled artichoke or spinach & artichoke dip  2.  choice of salad  ( I had a tasty anchovy Caesar, my friend had the field greens w balsamic)  3.  choice of entree ( The parmesan capped filet med rare was excellent; the balsamic ribeye was tender & also fabuloso)  4.  dessert options were white choc brownie, apple tarte or wht choc bread pudding.  Of course hands down the brownie w candle was decadent, huge, & over the top with more'n enough for 2 & I had 3 cartons of food to take home!!!
4	I really enjoyed my meal at White Chocolate Grill.  We had the spinach artichoke dip appetizer which was excellent, though the starter bread wasn't so great.I got the parmesan capped filet cooked medium rare.  I probably should have ordered it rare but that's not their fault and it was cooked perfectly as I ordered it.  I didn't really like the parmesan on top but that was an easy fix.  I think the steak was slightly overseasoned but the seasoning was delicious so I didn't mind.The atmosphere was perfect in every way and service was good.We were talking to one of the waitresses on the way out and she said that the chain was bought by a larger chain and that they'll be replacing their entire menu and reworking the atmosphere to be more lively.  I fully expect this place to suck when this happens.  Eat here while it's still good.
2	Changing owners and name to Black Pepper Grill...First time last night, gak...bad wine list, gnat in salad, stale rolls, typo-laden menu, woefully uninformed servers, undrinkable arnold palmer (frighteningly sweet; waiter said the previous owners took all the 'secret recipes' with them -- uh, lemonade is 'secret'?),  decent steak frites -- but server forgot to bring me a fork...but as Keith mentioned...pricey and completely unnecessary.  So woohoo, the new owners are going to open the restaurant 7 days a week for lunch and dinner.... because folks are beating down the door for mediocre food & service, I'm guessing...yawn.
3	Just had lunch there today and it is now the Black Pepper Grill.The menu is the same but it seems like they are cutting costs.My wife had the Prime Rib sandwich and it was ok.  My wife thought the mashed potatos were instant.I had the turkey sandwich with really good gravy.  I used to get this all the time and it was carved turkey.  Now they are using some cheap sysco brand of turkey instead.  The type of turkey that is $4.99 a pound at Smiths and has the rubbery jello texture.  Also, the really good gravy is really average and from a can.  For a $12.99 sandwich you would expect much more.I used to love the Isreal cous-cous.  They changed the recipe and now the cous-cous is just average.Too bad White Chocolate did not catch on.  I really liked it.  Do not think I will be back at Black Pepper any time soon.
1	We used to frequent the WCG in Scottsdale, AZ all the time, and once one opened in Henderson we were so excited. Since the turn over to Black Pepper Grill, I have been less than impressed.The Filet Minon Cobb Salad that I used to order all the time at WCG has been replaced with a haphazard bag of iceburg lettuce, drenched in some fake viniagrette. The "steak" that supposedly comes on this $15 salad is 4 thin strips of mostly fat. Very disappointing.The bread served before the meal is stale and not even worth the carbs or calories.My boyfriend ordered the Prime Rib French Dip which is another favorite of ours. The bread again was stale and soggy (before even being dipped in the au jus), the meat had the consistency of an Arby's Roast Beef sandwich (I think I would have rather saved the $15 and had pressed roast beef over this poor excuse for food). The fries that were served with his sandwich were not even fully cooked, and when the ketchup was poured out of the bottle, it was runny and watered down. I know we're in a down economy, but watering the ketchup seems a bit extreme.Instead of comping the meal that we didn't eat, they gave us free dessert. I had previously explained to the waitress that I have a dairy allergy, yet, there she was with a skimpy scoop of ice cream. We asked if there were nuts & we were assured there were not. As I drank my water and longed for the IN and OUT burger down the street, my boyfriend ate a bite or two of the ice cream. Imagine our surprise when his throat started to close from the NUTS that were in the ice cream (we were told it was candied fruit).When I approaced the manager and the waitress, instead of trying to get us out of the restaurant as fast as possible so we could go to the hospital, the manager and waitress decided to have a pow wow about what to do.We still had to pay for our lunch that wasn't eaten, and the "free dessert" cost us a medical scare.Mediocre food, poor service and I will NEVER return.The next time I want a Filet Minon salad or sandwich, I will go the the REAL White Chocolate Grill in Scottsdale, AZ. Black Pepper Grill should be closed soon, with food/service like this, they won't survive.
1	Oh, how heartbreaking!  WCG was one of my favorite restaurants but the new Black Pepper Grill isn't worth the drive down the street.  Every menu item has gone downhill in terms of taste and quality.  The greens on my tuna salad were browning and the tuna was definitely not very fresh.  They tried to compensate by drowning the salad in dressing but I could still taste the very fishy flavor.I also ordered a cranberry vodka and it was very watery.  I took a sip of a friend's arnold palmer, and while it used to be very tart (the way I like it), it's now syrupy sweet like the kind you buy in cans at the store.WCG: you'll be missed.
1	I unfortunately had the displeasure of eating there today during their highly advertised happy hour.  The greeter suggested that we sit at the bar and await the arrival of our server.  The entire restaurant was practically empty, and the bar had no more than three patrons dining at 6:00 PM.  We waited "fifteen" minutes for a server to approach us, and that was only because we requested for service directly from the bar back.  The owners were rude.  They ignored the other patrons, us included, as they bragged about the other restaurants they owned.  The happy hour menu was sub par as was the taste and quality.  BPG is truly substandard in comparison to the excellent experiences I've had at WCG.  If it weren't for our server, Chris, who redeemed our experience with his excellent service, I truly would not return to BPG.
