5	"I want to make a pizza place.  No, I want to make middle eastern food.  NO!  I want to make a hookah place.I've got it!  I'll make one place with all of those things"That's pretty much how I think this place was conceived.Eddie's Pizza is my #1 college joint.  Hands down, without a doubt, send it to the press;  I'm not taking that statement back. Their pizzas are inexpensive and delicious.  They have a great selection of Middle Eastern Pizzas (Try the Hummous one).  They're open really late.----Here's an added yelp bonus:  There's a girl that works there EVERY NIGHT and she never cracks a smile.  You will win a complement if you can snap a picture of her smiling.
2	Really 2.5 stars overall.I ordered delivery 6 times from Eddie's.  The pizza is good, but a couple of times it was burnt and like cardboard. Called and complained the first time to no avail. After the second burnt pizza, I just stopped ordering from them.  That was about 2 months ago. The lemon garlic chicken sub is tasty, though. They are worth a try, maybe you'll have a better experience.
1	My experience at Eddie's Pizza Lounge was so bad it was laughable.I went to order lunch to go on a Wednesday afternoon. The only people there were myself, the kid taking orders, and a cook. I checked out the menu above the cash register, decided on a Gyro for $6.99.The transcript:Me: Hey how're you doing. Can I have a gyro to go and a can of Coke?Employee: Sure(I hand him a ten and he gives me back 35 cents).Me: How much is the coke?!Employee: 75 cents.Me (not knowing what the sales tax is): So you owe me at least $1, right? (I'm thinking more like $1.50 but whatever).Employee: ....Me: Can you give it to me?Employee: (Gives me $1 bill).(Now I notice their specials on a sign on the north wall of the place. Gyro with Fries for $4.99)Me: Why don't you just give me the special for $4.99?Employee: It comes with fries.Me: I don't want the fries..you can charge me $4.99 and keep the fries.Employee:  But it comes with fries.Me: Ok fine. Give me the fries.(I pay, He f*cks up the change again by 10 cents but I leave it alone. 5 minutes pass. Then he returns from the back.)Employee: We're out of fries.:)Actually the experience made my day. It's nice to walk into a real-life comedy skit sometimes.So for the review: The gyro was good. And for $4.99 (um..with fries) a good deal too. The place also has a hookah lounge that looked like it hadn't been used for weeks but I'm guessing they have a crowd after Tempe bars close - for both food and tobacco. They're open til 5 am.
2	This review is just for the "vegan" pizza we ate - there were other options that we did not try, and it actually seems like a pretty cool hookah bar.Eating vegan is not always easy, so when I saw that this place offered vegan pizza, I knew that would be a cool place to try.  My friend (who is the actual vegan) were heading home after a concert looking for food.  His options were limited since it was really late.  Fortunately(?) for us this place was open.  The service was quick and for nine dollars you get a good sized 14" pizza.  More than enough for two to share.We ordered the tomato, spinach, and garlic pizza.    The problem was that the pizza was soooooo bland.  The crust had no flavor, and there wasn't any marinara on the pizza - just crust with toppings.  I guess they figured the garlic and tomatoes would help with that, but the tomatoes were really underripe.  We had to ask for marinara to dip the pizza in, and it tasted about twenty times better.  Also, when I think of "vegan" pizza, I was sort of expecting vegan cheese on top of it as well.  You can get cheeseless vegan pizza pretty much anywhere.
1	"RUN AWAY! RUN AWAY!"I am still showering off the dirty feeling from walking in this place. Bring from out of town, we could tell that we were not in the best neighbourhood. As we were driving in....usually, that is the mark of a good place to get vegan eats. They are always in questionable locales. Ooooh, not so.My mum and I were both a little concerned upon arriving. It seemed a bit dark inside, and we had my toddler nephew with us, but we saw that there was a family with a wee girl playing right inside the door, so that seemed to ease our minds...then we noticed the unlit 'Hookah Lounge' sign...looked back at happy little girl...hmm...well, perhaps that is an old sign. It is not lit...there are families...maybe they occupy the same space as another business...that happens with a lot of vegan-friendly businesses. I was still feeling a bit uneasy, but if my wise-ol-mum is not pulling the plug...I am willing to go for it. So, we walked towards the door...the music seemed a little loud...happy girl still jumping...hmm...not as many people as it seemed from outside...happy hoppy family...what? THAT is their menu? Where is the pizza? Hummous on a pita is not pizza! It is hummous and pita! I only noted one other 'pizza'...a meat pie, also on a pita...strange...turn to ask mum if she wanted to go, and there is happy girl's dad sitting with a couple of teenagers huffin the hookah. Wow. Missed that one on the way in.And out we went. It was like a dark little twilight-zone den of weirdness, and in the .2 seconds we were in there, I did not see any pizza on their 8-item white-board menu...obviously, people are NOT coming for the food. If it were not for happy-jumping girl and family, we would not have ever walked in the place.  Who brings their little child to a hookah lounge? Oh, wait, we did.*Shudder* I feel dirty.
1	worst. service. ever.i was really psyched about the prospect of vegan pizza.  that was my first mistake-having expectations.  there was one other person in the place when we walked in and he already had his food.  they were not busy.  we got to the counter and seriously, i felt like a jerk for ordering food.  the cashier guy was flat to the point of being rude.  we sat down, finding our table vaguely sticky.  our pizza (an uninspired spinach-tomato-garlic-on-bread failure) was delived by a dude whose pants were kinda of falling off in a way that made me feel dirty.  i mean, at least wear boxers!all in all, the pizza was weak, the service sucked, the place was gross and i wouldn't eat there again if it was free.
3	Eddie's...half divey NY pizza joint, half trendy Mediterranean restaurant and hookah bar. Not surprisingly it ends up doing a half ass job of both! I have been to Eddie's maybe a half dozen times in the last year or so since it is right around the corner from my place, but this was the first time I had been there in maybe 5 or 6 months. They have done some remodeling since the last time I was there. While the first few times it seemed more like a pizza place that had hookahs, now it is more of a hookah bar that sells pizza. One very wise move was putting a wall between the ordering counter and the kitchen so it now feels a bit more like a real restaurant and less like your high school cafeteria. Most of the seating is now couches (that it looks like the bought used from your grandma's basement on craigslist). Although the couches looked comfortable (although possibly disease ridden) I decided to sit at one of the two actual tables set out for their occasional lunch customer. If you can put up with the somewhat schizophrenic vibe (and bumping hip hop blazing from the speakers) the food actually wasn't that bad. The lunch specials include Pizza, Philly cheese steaks, wings, or gyros while the regular menu is filled mostly with Mediterranean options, many of which were vegan. I ordered two slices of pizza and a Pepsi which came to $5.50, but I did have to wait about 15 min for them to make a new pie. The slices were HUGE, combined about 1/3 of a 16" pie. The pizza was good, but nothing special...just a bit better than your typical mall food court pizza. While waiting for my pizza to come out however I did notice that $2 would get you a huge piece of fresh baklava or cheesecake. I think next time I'll go with one slice and save room for dessert! In the end there are clearly better pizza joints and almost certainly better Mediterranean places and hookah bars in Tempe, but if for some strange reason you're in the mood for both then Eddie's is your place.  If you're not sure where Eddie's is it is at the corner of Dorsey and Apache in the same shopping center as Pita Jungle and Filiberto's. If you have trouble finding it just look for the cloud of smoke coming from the brood of wannabe hipster high schoolers that are always hanging out in front.
1	This pizza place has a 13 health code violation.... Here is the web site .... Just click on the Jan 15th date:  http://www.kpho.com/dirtydining/18495188/detail.htmlDO NOT EAT AT THIS SHITY PLACE
1	I agree with Megh...DO NOT ENTER THE DOORS8 bucks for half an Italian sandwich and an orange crush.Menu reads:Italian Sanwich:Ham, Salami, Peperoni, lettuce, tomato, mayoWhat I got:Ham, Cheese, Sausage?, tzatziki?, bacon?, onions?and a side of attitude from the guy at the counter for asking him what all this crap was on my food...prick.This place is close to where I live, so I was happy to see they served sandwhiches...but after today..
4	yes, the service at Eddie's is fucking terrible. I once ordered a pizza to go and told the cashier I'd be outside while I waited & asked her to please let me know when it was ready. half an hour later, I go inside to inquire about the whereabouts of my pizza & the dumb bitch exclaims, "oh, it's been ready for like 15 minutes!"yes, the ambiance is also fucking terrible. I really hate the tendency of every restaurant/hookah bar/whatever in Tempe to blare hip-hop music (cause you know, all college students love gangsta rap). and yes, it is a bit seedy-looking. I swear to god they sell drugs out of that place.BUT, Eddie's does have some redeeming qualities. their pizza, especially the white pizza, is fucking delicious. the white pizza is oily as fuck but so, so good. they do not skimp on the cheese or the garlic. yumtacular. it's worth braving the music & the retarded staff.and finally, Eddie's is open until 5 AM every day. awesome. any place that is open later than 10 pm in this fucking town is worthy of praise for that alone.oh, another thing: I noticed that they recently lowered their prices by a dollar or two, which is unexpected & cool.
1	I am pretty sure my friends and I stumbled into a coke party when we came here for a late bite after a house show back in the Neighborhood.The lights were low, there were people dry humping each other wall-to-wall, and lots of frequent, quick trips in and out of the bathrooms by staff and guests alike.All to a soundtrack of terrible techno.All of this would've been worth a laugh if it weren't for the food.  We ordered a vegan pizza, a couple cheese slices, and an order of garlic knots.The vegan pizza was a barely-cooked pie with hummus haphazardly smeared across it.  The worst part about it was the paprika - they had attempted to season the hummus, but for some reason, rather than sprinkling the spices across the entire pie, there were 5 distinct, huge mounds of paprika that spotted the pie like an outbreak of chickenpox.The slices came out first, and were cold even before we reminded them that we ordered garlic knots - which took an unholy 20 mintues, after we reminded them.To top it all off - the garlic knots, those of the epic cooking time, were completely cold and raw in the middle.Eddie's pizza is like some bizarre circle of hell.
4	Im bewildered at the previous ratings for this restaurant.  The staff was friendly, the menu was tantallizing, the pizza was above par, and the ambience wasn't bad. A friend had challenged me to their wednesday night sub chowdown.  The deal is, if you can eat a 2ft sub sandwich in 15 minutes, it's free.  Otherwise, you have to pay twice the menu price for a regular sub.  The sandwich was good, but my heart just wasn't in it and I stopped with 1/3 left after 10 minutes.  Whether or not you win, it's still a great deal for a meal!  Eddie and his brother were very genuine in their enthuiasm for our attempt and as I waddled out the door I have to admit I thought of making a comeback attempt.  My boys enjoyed the pizza, my wife enjoyed the garlic knots, and I enjoyed stuffing myself to the hilt full of meatball sub.
5	Delicious. Inexpensive. Quick. Addictive. Those are the four words I always use to describe Eddie's New York Pizza. I've only ordered for delivery from this place, so I can't really judge the actual restaurant portion of the business, however based on the laughs I have during the simple call make me WANT to order from here.I am huge on personality and politeness. Especially in regards to customer service. I need to tell you about Andrew, he is the gentlemen who has taken my orders every time I call and you will know when you talk to him because he has an infectious laugh, he's attentive and respectful, and responds a silly "right on, right on" when I tell him my pizza topping choices. He's great, and we always share a laugh together. When ever I conclude my calls, I say to myself "I love that guy!!" lol Now, on to the actual purpose of my review. The Pizza. You know, I've heard a saying once that goes, "Pizza is a lot like sex. When it's good, it's really good. When it's bad, it's still pretty good." I disagree. With the sex thing first because when sex is bad, its BAD... AND also with Pizza. I've eaten bland, dry, generic pizza. Eddie's is so yummy that once you indulge in one slice you will be amazed. The sauce? Generous. I am a condiments girl and love flavor. Eddie's Pizza sauce is rich and perfect. The toppings? Wow. My boyfriend and I always order the  pepperoni and mushroom pizza with garlic crust and we're never disappointed. The crust is soft and fluffy, very good.The wings? Also amazing. Overall, a simple yelp review doesn't give Eddie's New York Pizza justice. Find out for yourself. Lastly, I used to be obsessed with Barro's and this place is a million times better. Yum.
3	So... only place I've found where you can order a hummus pizza with anything you want on it. It always tastes, amazing. Sometimes the service is poor. They got our order wrong and we had to wait 20 minutes for another pizza which... they also got wrong. BUT, it was peak business hours and I could tell the manager was really trying hard to make us happy. He offered comp drinks while we waited and I heard him clearly say and point to what we wanted on the second pizza. I think it was just the cooks in the back that either didn't understand english or, weren't paying attention. I'll still go back, unless I find another place that makes such delicious hummus pizzas. I always order out though. Too smokey in there.
3	The pizza from Eddie's is delicious, but get it to go and don't get a hookah. I went here Friday night with a group of three and felt like I wandered into the Teeny Boppin' Wannabe-Gangsta hangout party. At 23 I was without-a-doubt the oldest person in the establishment. I think it's where all of the high school kids who can't drink yet go on the weekends. If you're in high school, and want to feel like you are in with the alternative crowd then go here - I'm sure you'll have a blast; The place was PACKED.The price of the pizzas we picked was $14.50/ea. on the menu, yet after we paid we noticed we were charged $18+tax each. The hookah was also served in a cheap, one-hose hookah that didn't produce much smoke. The hookah's are $14.99 for the first one and $9.99 each after that, which is pricey compared to the other two hookah joints across the street.When Eddie's first opened a couple years ago I was more of a fan, but when it's 3am and you're playing a late game of WoW and you are too trashed to drive this is the best place to get delivery from around here.
1	Aaaahh, Tempe, my old college stomping grounds.  Pizza.  Awesome.Thank you Eddie's pizza and lounge for pissing in the face of my college memories.For the better part of three weeks finding a vast array of coupons from this place all over my truck, typically five or six in the door handle and the all famous stack of them in the now bent windshield wiper of my truck, I decide to give this place a try.  I will take this regret to my grave.Five bucks for a large pizza and a drink, shit that is an awesome deal!  At least I thought it was.  I would have been better off giving my money to a bum and having him punch me in the nuts.  After calling the number on the coupon that littered my truck and parking lot, I decide to place an order for their special.  I ask if their coupon special includes delivery.  The girl answering the phone said "Really, well you are going to be waiting for a long time, it isn't that big of an order.  We don't like to deliver for the coupon special."  I assume that is the business equivalent of "Fuck no" so I tell her I'll just come pick it up.  I am told my order will be ready from 20 minutes to an hour.  Somewhat of a vast window, but I live close so I decide to request a dance from the devil.  The devil won.I show up about 30 minutes later (seemed reasonable) and was told I need to wait and was offered to rent a hookah while I waited.  Are you fucking serious?   Not wanting anyone to spit in my food, I politely tell her no and sit down on the couch to watch the game on T.V.  She then turns the channel to something else.Leaving 20 minutes later when my pizza is done, the cook comes out after handing it over to her, runs out, asks me what I ordered.  I tell him and he opens up the box again, looks at it, and says I am good to go.  I don't know what the hell that is about until I get home.Of course, they fucked up my order.  I'm not surprised or amused.  At least I got my can of soda.I take the pizza home.  Not what I ordered.  In retrospect, I should have put a Totinos in the oven.  This pizza tasted like a generic undercooked store brand pizza.  Not only was my order wrong, it was very undercooked.  I had to put it in my own oven when I got home, missing even more of the game.  I ate 3 slices and threw the rest away.  I didn't even want to give the leftovers to the dogs, they would probably bite me for feeding them that shit.  Seriously, how do you ruin pizza?  It is like toast.The food was shit, the service was even worse.  But that can of Mountain dew I got was nice and chilly.  At least they have that going for them.  You earned one star.  The coupons from this place no longer blow around the parking lot of where I live like tumbleweeds on a holy war of declaring jihad against tastebuds around the greater Tempe area, but the scars of eating here will remain forever.
1	The pizza stinks, and it's a pre-teen grindhouse on the weekends. If you want pre-pubescent STD's to go with your pizza look no further...
3	Eddie's is the essential (super) cheap, poor college student pizza. an XL pizza for $5? Yes please. Their pizza certainly isn't anything to write home about, but it's good and it satisfies my pizza needs on most occasions. The only downside, is that every time I call to make an order, the girl who answers the phone must be preoccupied with brain surgery or something because she seems so irritable over the phone. Whatever. Just give me my $8.64 XL pizza and drink. Thank you.
3	FANTASTIC cheese and ingredients in general.  The crust is a little plain...but not many people know that you can upgrade your crust to a garlic, parmesan, etc. for absolutely FREE...you just have to mention it.I've ordered from this place many times because I like the pizza.  But the girl on the phone at night is on perma-PMS...she is NEVER nice.I like to order the $9.99 - 2 topping pizza with 2 sodas.  Outta the roughly 50 times I've ordered there...I'd say about 20 times they've fucked up my order...and badly once...and it was REALLY BAD.  But they made it up to me.  Mostly for some reason they can't seem to get my soda order right.  I ALWAYS ask for two cans of Squirt and they'll bring a Sprite.but the service is what drops there star rating.As a seasoned chubby pizza eater...I must say that this is the BEST late night pizza place in town.  The food is good but the service is not.as good as it should be...because of this they lost a couple of stars.If I had my own review and rating site...based on a 5 West Coast system...I'd give the pizza and ingredients 4 West Sides and the service wouldn't get even a single West Side...as a matter of fact they'd get like 5 East Sides for their shitty East Coast attitude on the phone and for fucking up my Squirt order damn it.
5	Eddie's Pizza is one of my favortie spots in town. the place is very laidback and i always have a great time whenever i go there. my favortie part about that place is the food. you cant never go wrong with Eddie's Pizza in my opinion they make the best pizza in town its really big and rich with ingredients. i have ordered from there once and i had no problem with the deilvey guy or the person who answer the phone to make my order. again its really a good place to chill and grab a bite and smook Hookah if that is your thing.Eddie's pizza is the only place i would go to eat and kick it with friends
5	I don't know why everyone is dissing this place.....but this is my experience. Having just moved to Tempe I am really at the mercy of this site and word of mouth to get good food. But one day I happen to see this flyer hanging up in my apartment complex and take one home and throw it in my advertisements drawer because hey who wouldn't want a $5 XL pizza with a free coke at one time or another. Well it was 1:30am on a Saturday night and the fam decided we wanted some pizza..i looked in my coupon drawer and hey this place delivers to 5am. I called them up and the guy that answered was super nice and I told him I wanted to use the coupon and they didn't treat me any differently, but the only thing was the price went up to like 5.99 instead of $5 which was no biggie to me, still a great deal. I also got and XL with unlimited toppings for $8.99, with artichokes, chicken, pep and all kinds of stuff. The food was soooo good when it arrived and I even ordered wings and the total was around $30. The chicken on the pizza looked pre grilled and everything was fresh. Now I know some may be saying well food always tastes good when your drinking but I don't drink and really didnt want to eat that late but after taking a bite of my hubbie's pizza I couldn't resist getting my own. My daughter who is very picky when it comes to her pizza said that it was really good. Also another interesting fact when I placed this exact order at another delivery place close to me that is highly rated on this site I payed $70 (no joke). Now to each his own, but I would rather spend less money on something that is just as good if not better, and I definitely will be ordering from this place on the regular.
3	I almost didn't order. Seriously. As soon as I walked in, I thought the place was Eddie's Goodwill Center. I practically scanned the whole place for a place to sit down to eat, and well, it was really hard to come to a decision. I could tell my GF was extremely disturbed, and was also considering just walking out.How ironic, the person that came out of the back to help us was a girl. After reading all the horror reviews, I thought our dinner was about to become even worse. The whole time we were ordering, I was playing Sherlock Holmes trying to figure our if it was the same girl. She seemed kind of apathetic, but at the same time she was pretty attentive and helpful. Service was decent, she didn't smile, but she got us our food.The food was good, we got the $5.99 deal which apparently was $4.99, so we paid like $5.50 out the door and got a can of soda free. Bomb deal if you ask me. Half gyro, half chicken. The chicken was definitely the chicken they use for their chicken shawarmas, and the gyro was gyro. Pretty good pizza, nothing special. It was hot and fresh, the crust was a little too crispy, but that's okay. We got free ranch, even though I don't remember asking, but I would have asked for ranch anyways. Can't be beat for $5.99. Would I come here again? I feel like I ate too soon, I just had Chipotle before I came here, so I was somewhat full. However, I think this place is worth another shot. Might deserve an extra star if my taste buds aren't sick of food. By the way, I was extremely annoyed by bad coffee from Starbucks before I came here, that might be effecting my decision too (the Gingerbread latte at Starbucks is terrible, as is everything else).
3	This was a unique place to say the least.  When I walked in expecting a typical pizza parlor I was shocked to see shabby couches and a few shoddy tables.  In this case there is major emphasis on "Lounge".  It's also a hookah lounge.  I think that might be the draw here.  The hookah is very popular here.  Eddie's Pizza and Lounge is certainly not a place to dine in with the family.  The food was okay but a good value.  I had a jumbo slice and a can of pop for less than $6.  Not the best slice I've had but very edible.  Not like something you'll find in Jersey or NYC but it's worth the $3.I'm still searching for the perfect pie in Tempe but I'd eat here again.
2	2 stars is for a benefit of the doubt.... My order took an hour and forty minutes to arive (cold)... they were unbelievably stingy with the toppings (not the "unlimited" but full price)...  Will try again in a few days to see if they do better.. have a "credit" for this one.. will post again.Upon re-heating the pizza wasn't horrible, but the bread didn't go well in the microwave, which indicates it's probably a higher quality/fresh crust/bread.  Other than the toppings being scarce, the overall flavor wasn't too bad.  The white pie was a bit heavy handed on the garlic.  It was also a little over-cooked, but not so bad that it was inedible.I'm still looking for a consistently above average pizza place for the area.  Most of the places I've ordered from have been 50/50.  If you're in Tempe would stick with Tessio's for delivery, they're about the best I've found for the area, but still not consistent.
1	Wow, how do you screw up pizza? There is mediocre pizza and great pizza but I don't know that I've ever had pizza this bad. It makes those totino party pizzas look good. The sauce was terrible. Only the crust was worse. The cheese and toppings had no flavor. You'd think a vegan place would have decent veggies but that was not the case. This about the only time I'd suggest Little Caesars over a mom and pop place. Just garbage, steer clear.
5	I love Eddies.Now that I've gotten that out of the way, here is why:1. They are open till 5am and DELIVERING until that point. So as far as late night delivery this is a winner.2. Their unlimited toppings extra large pizza for 8.99 is a fantastic deal. The vegetable toppings are tasty and fresh (and copious!), the meat toppings are delicious. One of these can easily feed 3 people.3. They deliver fast. I've only had one mistake and one late delivery and I've ordered 20+ times.4. They buffalo chicken sub is super good! I always get a salad instead of fries and the salad is always fresh and crisp.5. They keep you in their system. So you don't have to tell them all your addy information every time. Which is great if you have a long addy or difficult directions.So this place is definitely worth a try. Even if you've eaten here before, try it again. It's worth it.
4	i love this place!! well i mean its a really good place good deals and they deliver till 5am!! who does that well they do and thats awsome!! the pizza is a lil bit greasy but who cares blot that shit with paper towels!! it tasty and at a great price plus you dnt notice hw greasy it is when your drunk!! thanks eddies!!
5	This place is amaaaaazing!!! For one, they're open and deliver till 5 a.m. and no matter what time of the night it is the food is always good. They're like the Baskin Robbins of Hookah flavors. I'm big on the Gyro and fries place. but I hear the hummus pizza is outstanding.  Maybe I'll try that next trip. Rock on Eddies!!! Keep doin what yo do!!!
2	The one nice thing I can say about the place is that the workers were pretty nice. Everything pretty much goes down hill from there. I ordered a gyro and I learned my lesson to never order a gyro from a place that doesn't specialize in it. (my bad)My friend who I was with is vegan. He ordered a slice of vegan pizza. The problem was it smelled like real cheese. We asked some workers if they were sure that it was vegan and they couldn't give a straight answer. Instead they gave us another slice of vegan pizza. This time it looked completely different and there was no cheese so we thought he was pretty safe. I think the worst part of the pizza lounge is the bathrooms. Apparently, the men's  restroom is so terrible not even the male employees will use it. I didn't even feel clean after just washing my hands in the women's restroom. If it is legal to not have a restroom in your restaurant, I think they are better off just closing it down for good. Great if you have late night munchies - terrible if you're sober.
1	Ordered from here many a time..via delivery. Never seen their establishment...my mistake. Didn't have any problems until the elderly man was hired. This guy actually "begs" for more tip money! Who does that? Was he homeless a few weeks ago?? So you deny...guess what comes next?? My next pizza order was ah...tainted...spit on is probably the least that was done to it. Wonderful...perfect timing too...a child's pizza party. I investigate..yep pizza is wet as all hell..throw it away. Dial up Pizza Hut. Now I'm pretty scarred...gonna make my own meals for awhile.
1	This pizza tastes like water. We just ordered a medium Veggie Downtown, which has mushrooms, peppers, onions, and olives. Unfortunately, it doesn't taste like any of those items. You can't taste the sauce or the crust, either. I've never had a more bland pizza in my life. Yes, they're open late and yes, they delivered the pizza quickly. But those are the only nice things I can say about this place. As my partner just put it, he'd rather eat Totino's Party Pizzas. Ouch.
1	eddies is out of business. :( :( :(
4	I drove by this restaurant recently, and saw that it has closed down.
5	Eddies has been my favorite place to get some cheap, delicious, late night pizza. The pizza might not be the best slice youve ever had, but it is definitely a worthy pie. Everytime I have gone I have not been disapointed. The people behind the counter can be a bit unatentive at times, but for the most part they are friendly and cool. Love Eddies, keep it up!
