4	I am no tanorexic, but I enjoy keeping a little color during the winter months. Since my schedule doesn't allow me time to catch the UV rays naturally I have to rely on the good old bulbs. A coupon for $19.99 a month unlimited tanning was my incentive for choosing Aloha Tanning. It also happened to have a very convenient location and walk-in hours. The staff was very helpful. They helped me decide on an ideal number of minutes to tan every day and helped me work up from there. I was also treated to a presentation on different lotions which helped me chose a good lotion for my skin type. The facility is very clean. Sometimes there was a little bit of wait to get into a bed, but it was never more than seven minutes or so. The only downside to Aloha is that their bulbs were not as strong as other tanning salons. But they were changed fairly often, and the ipod hook up in the bed cancels any negative feature out!
5	The staff here is great they always remember who you are when you come in and are very helpfull when trying to decide on a lotion.  I love the black beauty bed and I can always get in a bed of some sort when I go.  Love this place
1	I had two bottles of lotion, 12 Karat and Luminary (over 100 each), and a pouch containing two pairs of goggles(16.00), and two UV tanning face covers(28.00).  There were three other things in the pouch, but all of the items I mentioned were purchased at Tan Aloha.   I  walked in yesterday to be told that all of my stuff, which was being kept by the staff as a service,  was" stolen", and that they would give my 5.00 off a new purchase of a lotion. As I had always been treated nicely, at first I thought the girl was joking. Trying to be fair, I asked to be comped a pair of goggles and a face cover - things I would have to repurchase in order to use the rest of my package.  The answer - no. The lotions were both over 70% gone, but that means I had $40 of lotion left.   So sad - I had been going here for several years.  So beware......
5	After trying out a couple of chain salons, my Mom and I found Tan Aloha about 5 years ago and have been tanning here seasonally since. Nothing drastic, but if you work during the daylight hours it's an easy way to glow a little bit in the summer months!It's a clean, comfortable atmosphere with much better rates than you will find at places like Celebrity Tanning. Plus they often have specials on their website or posted on their Instagram page which are AWESOME.I tanned at level 2 for a long time when I caught a great monthly deal for level 3. It is more pricey but the rumors are true that it is very worth it!! Tanning on the level 2 beds I came 3-4 times a week, but on level 3 I could go once or twice a week at MOST and I was just as tan, if not more tan than when I was at level 2. I am a believer!! The girls are very sweet and helpful!! Ashley is lovely. I would recommend Tan Aloha to anyone!
