2	I've been really disappointed with the Shell stations in Scottsdale. This is the location near my home and I would say 60% of the time, the majority of the pumps are out of order - sometimes with bags over them, sometimes they just give you an error. A different shell a couple miles away has the same issues and its automatic car wash did not work.
1	$3.759 for 91 octane gas (2/23/11) versus a QT on 19th avenue near the 101 at $3.359 on 2/24/11. Are Scottsdale fuel taxes 40 cents more than Phoenix? I will not gas up at this location anymore.
2	Shell is the one brand that I continue to come back to regularly.  This location is convenient to the Library and the stores over on FLW.  I find that I've started to price shop and Shell is still one of the places the does well.  If you live in the NoSoo area the only competitor is Circle K.
1	Friggin gas here is ALWAYS way OVERPRICED from the rest of the Valley! It's almost criminal.They sell a bunch of other crap inside.... standard convenience store fare.I live nearby and this place is "convenient"... so I allow myself to be ripped off. Shame on me!
1	The price of gas at this Shell location is on average .25 cents higher than anywhere else in the valley,  .30 cents more than nearby Costco.I believe there are two reasons behind it, one ostensibly more plausible than the other.1.) Its proximity to DC Ranch where there are few gas stations and lots of Bentley's, Range Rovers, and Benz's routinely driving past. This caused the owners to take note, hold out their greedy palm and demand Scottsdale's elite  'give back'.2.) When Googling "Why are gas prices so high?" you're redirected to Wikipedia...to the term Doggie Style where  unfortunately it states 'the origin of the term is unknown'. This is because the people at Wiki don't drive cars that runs on fossil fuel. If they did, there would be a blurb somewhere in the definition about oil companies, gas stations, and their direct relationship to both the term doggy style and the American public.I only go here for Hostess Pink Snowballs, since it's the only convenience store in the area.Nice job Shell for taking advantage in a difficult economy!
4	Always has working pumps and cold Smart Water.
1	Shell stations in Scottsdale, ESPECIALLY this one, are plain and simple, a complete rip-off.  I assume they are all the same franchise owner.Thanks, but no thanks.  I'd rather run out of gas and have to call AAA to gimme a gallon than buy from this place.
2	I'm normally not a big Shell fan and would take a QuikTrip any day, but this is the closet gas station to our home and work. Whenever we need gas it isn't when we are near the QuikTrip or any other cheaper priced gas station, it's always when we are right by this Shell. Luckily it's rather convenient to get in and out of, but the prices are always more expensive than the other gas stations around. I guess paying an arm and a leg ain't too bad, right? Otherwise, it's not too shabby. However, I must comment on their air filling stations. One time my husband had to fill up our tires and there was only one employee working. The employee got the air to go and halfway through the air stopped. My husband went back inside and had to get them to turn it on again. Well, it didn't turn on. He went back in and they turned it on. Well, it didn't turn on - again. So he waited until the people next to him finished and he had to use their working air pump. Not sure what happened necessarily, but definitely be aware of the air machine!
3	This gas station has gigantic lanes, which is weird because it 's located in the heart of  a North Scottsdale residential area.  There's not a lot of semi-truck traffic here, but it looks like it could easily accommodate them.  The price of gas is slightly higher than other gas stations in the area.  There's a convenience store located on premises.  Since it's sunk down a little below street level, I oftentimes forget it's here....so I rarely frequent this place.  At night the lanes are well lit, so it feels very safe.  Overall, it's a pretty good gas station.Return Factor - 70%
