5	The Montelucia Resort is home to Crave Cafe, and the fact that I was blown away by how beautiful the resort is has nothing to do with how impressed I was with Crave.What are you craving at the moment?  Perhaps a cup of coffee?  a scoop of gelato?  an empanada? gourmet pastry?  homemade tomato soup?  perhaps a panini sandwich filled with turkey, cheese,  grilled eggplant, and cranberry compote? red wine? magazine? fresh fruit? Diet Coke?Whatever your 'crave-ing' - Crave has it all!In addition to pretty much anything your heart desires, Crave also has an extremely friendly staff and offers limited seating (in and outside) with gorgeous views of Camelback mountain.After a full tour of the resort, we were hungry for lunch and decided to have a quick bite at Crave... We shared a sandwich, slice of quiche, and tomato soup - all of it was delicious!  I am sure I'll be craving a return trip to the Montelucia sometime soon, and when I do, I'm sure I'll pop into Crave for whatever I need at that time.
5	This is such a cool cafe, with tiny wine tastings, GR8 little gifts, coffee & snacks.  Since there is nothing quite like it for miles, it's a great ride on the (motor) bike for us.  Both staff members we very nice, even though it was very late & i think they wanted to close, but tried hard not to indicate that.  Try their yummy gelato samples :-)Nice little find, and make sure to ck out the gorgeous grounds of this amazing resort - W O W.
5	Inha the coffee once and before i new it I was having the coffee almost every day. I even bought a bag of grinds to bring home for the days I couldn't make it on. This place brings a whole new name to meaning of a Cafe.
4	Unbelievable sipping chocolate, try for yourself the homemade gelato that is made daily.  Also there is "Yappy Hour" every Thursday where you can bring in your dog and get discounts on items for both youand your pet.
5	One of my least favorite things about staying in hotels is that their to-go or quick-service breakfast options usually suck. The breakfast options usually consist of Starbucks-brand coffee, some generic pastries and maybe a pre-prepared breakfast sandwich or two. Since I don't eat meat, I'm usually stuck with an over-sugared pastry. By mid-morning, I'm crashing and I don't have the protein I need to recover from the night before :)Enter Crave Cafe with a game-changing approach to hotel breakfast. I'm staying at the Montelucia this weekend for my husband's law firm event, and the wine was free-flowing last night. Needless to say, I woke up craving a breakfast burrito and in need of serious caffeine. Crave did the trick, with a pre-made breakfast burrito that was actually vegetarian! It was tasty, with perfectly cooked eggs, some winter veggies including squash and a bit of real cheese. To top it all off, it was only $3.99, practical highway robbery for a hotel spot. I also scored an iced Americano with perfectly brewed espresso and a to-go water with a cup and straw (I love when places make it easy to get water). I was impressed by the friendly staff and the other food options, including bottles of wine and, yes, delicious sugary looking pastries :) Hey, I didn't say I was against the sweets, did I? I just know I like to have a solid, protein-packed breakfast, and I was impressed by Crave's ability to fulfill that desire.
4	Tasty coffee and food.  Service was friendly and attentive.  Cute shop with nice little items and snacks.  The atmosphere inside and out was perfect.  I had coffee in front of their outdoor fireplace every morning.  NICE!!
5	Right when we thought, "uh oh, we are going drop a ton of cash on food and drinks," we found this little cafe/convenient shop.  They have quite the selection of wine and a fairly large wine fridge to boot.  Prices were very reasonable especially considering we were at a very nice resort.  In fact everything at Crave was reasonable and not just cheap.  Everything we had was fantastic.  Lattes were perfectly made.  Pastries, empanadas and some breakfast pyramids stuffed with egg, cheese, bacon and sausage made me shake off the occasional hangover and hop out of bed every morning.  The breakfast pyramid was easily one of the best breakfast items I've ever had.The staff was all very polite and helpful.
2	We were staying at the Montelucia and needed a quick fix for lunch after hiking Camelback, so we grabbed some sammiches from Crave.  I ordered my turkey cranberry cold, though I should've gone toasted, because wow, that bread was like hard tack I'm telling you.  The whole sandwich itself was kind of bland, as well.  I also had a bite of my friend's ham/cheese empanada - the crust was limp.  Ewww.  One thing I did enjoy was the gelato, though it, too,  wasn't jump-for-joy delicious.
4	It's a cafe on a resort, so you figure you're about to drop major amounts of dough on average tasting food, right? Happily, here it's not *that* bad. I got to order 3 different things from here. The Java Chip blended coffee (possibly actually called a frappe) was.. good, but not $5 good. Starbucks offers better quality, and premade mix, for less. The second thing I ordered was a scoop of rose water gelato and a scoop of mango peach gelato during half price gelato. Much better. The gelato was smooth, rich, and very freshly flavored. Finally I had a feta cheese and spinach empanada. This was also very good, the feta being subtle and the empanada having ample amounts of spinach baked in a perfectly crusty bread.Overall, good quality food, OK quality drink, decent value for your money.
4	I perfect cafe for the hotel guests. Gelato samples, solid breakfast burritos and your usual Starbucks. The seating needs work but you can always hang in the resort grounds for that. Loved the empanadas...perfect snack.
4	stayed in Montelucia for our wedding anniversary getaway.I love that there is a small cafe like this.Their coffee were pretty good.Empanadas were awesome!  the egg/ham ones were good quick breakfast.service was good too!
4	Love this place...delicious Italian sodas (made the right way) and afternoon gelato happy hour - what's not to love?
5	Empanadas here are fantastic! They are delicious gourmet bites and have a nice authentic nod to their Spanish inspired origins. At less than $5 an empanada I was surprised to find a tasty affordable gourmet to-go treat to begin my busy morning with at the fancy $$$$ Montelucia.
3	This place is a little gem, but very pricey for most if not all items.
4	Great spot for coffee or tea in the morning. Very interesting choices. Very nice help. Lots of souvenir items too.
4	Friendly staff and nice options for breakfast and quick lunch. I ordered a soy chai latte that was delicious! The clothing and other gifts in the store are quite pricey but to be expected from a resort.
