4	Finally!  BT's Burger Joint is open in their new Promenade Shopping Center location!  BT's has some of the best burgers available and you decide how you want it dressed!  Not into red meat?  Do not despair... as they have chicken, turkey burgers and garden burgers on the menu too.  AND, you can build your own salad!  Some neat sides to go along like fries, sweet potato fries, tots, and fried pickles!  They also have beer (bottle and on tap) and wine available.BT's has been a favorite for quite some time, but driving to Rivergate was a bit of a pain.  So, I'm glad to see this new location open!  Check it out!!
4	I will travel far and wide for a juicy burger - now I have them in my backyard!  Woot, woot!  Very impressed with the service, staff knowledgeable and took our order promptly.  Nice selection of beer, no 5-star because of wine selection - only one label and it is funky at best.  But burgers more than made up for this.  Served with a steak knife (nice touch) for carving up the burger - like the choice of 6 oz or 8 oz burger - chose the 6 oz and could not finish it.  Fresh toppings and fries were hot and salty - yum-o - will be back!
2	The overall experience was subpar. No greeting or direction on where to order when we entered. The burgers were cooked a little rarer than our tastes. The food in general was just average. Not much flavor. Smash Burger down the street is much better. And there's no need to make a comparison with 5 Guys. I don't see this place lasting long. The operation doesn't seem to be run smoothly either.
4	Our first time here. We had lunch each ordered 6 oz. cheeseburgers. They were done perfectly. Great choice of toppings as well.  The burger was juicy and substantial. Fries are nicely done as well. We found the wait/order staff pleasant to deal with. We will try it again.
4	Pleasantly surprised. I had read a few bad reviews but I'm now convinced they must have been written by Five Guys employees. I was extremely pleased that they will cook the burger to the temperate that you want and not what they think is best for you! That's right, if you want a rare burger, you're gonna get one. I am also pleased they serve Coca-cola products.  The burger was juicy and flavorful. They have a nice assortment of toppings to choose from.  I do agree with some other reviews the portion of fries was on the small side given the price. They are however good. I'd probably do the large fries next time. It was fairly crowded when I went and it did take a while for the food to come out but I didn't take note of how long. Maybe it seemed long because I was anxious.  You order your food at the counter and they give you a number to take to your table. They bring the food to you as well as refill your beverages.  Give it a try, you'll be pleased.
5	Finally a good Burger place in the Promenade!  Restaurant Owners..we need a drive through also ! Give us more places ..But on to the review - BT's is awesome! The Burgers are fresh and tasty..lots of toppings and sauces and cheeses to pick from to decorate your burger. I had the Turkey burger the first visit and this last visit I had the Bt's Bacon Cheeseburger. Wonderful Sweet Potato Fries drizzled with Honey sauce. The kids that work there are nice and its clean and has a outside seating area. I hope it stay..there has been three restaurants there and this by far is the best one.. a sister to the one in Rivergate. My only wish is that they would offer a fried egg for the burgers....Wine and Beer available and Salads and some other sandwiches too..and I have heard  some great milkshakes too !
2	Expensive for what it is. Burger (6oz) fries and soda over 10 bucks. The fries were 2.40... And not for a five guys portion either! . Service was slow too... And the place was not packed out. I predict they will not last long.... Like johnnie brusco's.
5	Tried this Promenade Joint again..Once more it was outstanding..Ice Cold Craft Beers...Perfectly cooked ( Medium rare) Burger with Avocado and Provolone Cheese.Their Sweet Potato Fries ..crispy and sweet! Quickly waited on..and served..they have it down...Can't recommend this place enough..Finally a great little place in this space!!
4	Our first time here. We had lunch each ordered 6 oz. cheeseburgers. They were done perfectly. Great choice of toppings as well.  The burger was juicy and substantial. Fries are nicely done as well. We found the wait/order staff pleasant to deal with. We will try it again.
3	First visit tried the 8oz bt bacon cheeseburger.  When asked what temp I wanted I thought I hit the jackpot.  It's so nice to order a burger the way I liked it, which in medium rare.  Unfortunately, if only the burger arrived at that temp.  Burger was more med well.  Very disappointing.  When I was ordering and watching the kid smash the burgers on the flat top I had a suspicion that the burger would arrive over cooked. Bacon was thick and tasty. Not overcooked.  Cheddar cheese was lacking in flavor.  Could barely taste it.    Usually I would send it back but I was hungry and didn't have time to waste.  Tater tots were crispy and cooked perfectly.  Nice and crispy and not over greasy.  Servers were around constantly to check on drink refills.  BT's is the only burger joint in the area so they will do well.  I'll go back and hopefully they can train their cooks a little better.
3	There is no shortage of fast-casual burger places these days and I have to say this place seems to be pretty average.  I ordered a turkey burger and decided to split an order of fries with my dining companion.  I decided to just go with lettuce, tomato, and cheddar as toppings.  The  burger was fine - not too dry, but also nothing really exciting or memorable.   The fries were pretty tasty.  Service was fine for a fast-casual place. While this is not my favorite type of place, for a quick & inexpensive casual bite to eat, this place is ok.
5	Yes, another burger place, but what sets this apart is the attention to detail.  Service was spot on.  For the other reviews to say it was slow, just remember this ISN'T 5 Guys or McDonalds.  I would say the closest competitor would be The Counter in California and NYC and they blow it away!  Everything is made to order and it is all tasty.  It takes time to make perfection, and it is worth your time investment.  I got the Turkey Burger, Carolina Style but with Blue Cheese and it was phenomenal.  It was probably one of the best Turkey Burgers I had.  I spoke to the GM and he told me the reason is they are never frozen and all the seasonings and patty building is done on premises.  The only way they could be fresher is if there was a turkey pen behind the restaurant.  I looked to make sure.  There was only a Home Depot.Fries were awesome.  They are definitely quality over quantity.  While half the size of 5 Guys, you don't feel like you drank 5 gallons of grease when you're done.  They beat The Counter hands down too.To top it all off, the selection of beer rivals some liquor stores I've been in.  I had a Banana Bread Beer, which really had hints of banana in it.  Very Tasty.Overall, with all the Burger Joints around, BT's stands out due to the food quality, beer selection and as quick as it can be service.  You must go.
5	BT's is fantastic. The food is fresh, the people are nice, service is great. The burger is everything you could want in a burger and then add the tots and you've got a great meal. The outside seating gives you a chance to enjoy the fall weather. We needed someplace like BT's to compete in this market and I'm glad they're here.
1	Tried this place for the 1st time last timeFood was ok but service was NOT GREAT.the manager on duty was more concerned about coaching an employee than attending to the customers in the store.  We ordered 4 burgers that took 30 minutes which no one else in the restaurant.I had to go up and get my order because they are all to busy to attend to usMoral of the story.  Great service can make up for OK food BUT poor service can't over come GREAT food
4	It's a new day at BT's. I've been here a couple of times in the past and it was just "part of the crowd". Today it was the top dog. (burger)Let me explain - today they rolled out a new version of their menu. Instead of the 6oz regular and the 8oz 'larger than regular' burger now there is only one 7 oz burger. This is a good thing. The burger fits the bun. Like a tablet - 7 is the magic size. (haha)The thing is that the new size burger just tasted better on the bun/condiments/beef co-mix. "Can't we all get along?" The answer is clearly "Yes, yes we can".So give it another try. And don't listen to those cheap reviews, if you want a cheap burger go to a fast food joint. I'd rather the place do right by the burger and then price it accordingly. Of course - never more than $10 - that is just getting silly. This is priced well under $10.So the current order of the South side burger wars is as follows (still no crave burger in the running):1. BT's (new champ)2. Smashburger3. 5 Guys4. That place in Ballantyne.5. is there another?UPDATE: We went here again last night. Very good. It is nice to see that the place is now getting some well deserved business. I'm getting close to calling this a crave burger. Best place to order a medium burger. My only holdout (and it might just be the way I'm  ordering it ) is that I'd rather have iceburg lettuce.
2	Went on a Saturday afternoon. First visit and the person taking orders was preoccupied talking to a vendor. When I finally figured out how they want you to order (which is confusing and, unless you have been in frequently, takes a bit to muddle through) I honestly had difficulty understanding the person who was taking orders, she had such a thick accent. Apparently she didn't understand me either.  It didn't take long to get my food but my order side was wrong. They took it back to correct it and then, I bit into the burger to realize the order was still wrong. The first time, it took 5 minutes of looking for someone to help me since the girls waiting tables were so entrenched texting. I didn't bother to report the other incorrect order part, ate the burger because I was starving and left. Won't return.
5	Awesome food and service.  Manager is very involved,  ensures all needs are exceeded.  So worth the salads and burgers to drive!Try the fried pickles and salmon salad.  Yes, even at a burger joint.
2	This is a walk up and order and they bring it to you kind of place. We both ordered hamburgers. The buns were cold and very "weak", it fell apart half way through. The basic items a customer might need are only available by going to the counter and asking for it. This includes napkins, salt, pepper, forks, refills, etc. They are running around at the counter so they might not get things to you quickly. Overall not too happy. There are certainly other more customer friendly hamburger joints.
