2	Holy frozen pizzas Batman! I got a coupon in the mail for a $5.00 pizza! Awesome! What a deal! So I called to order and the guy on the phone was confused. "Just come pick it up." Strange, usually I have to order a pizza before I go get it. But not here because they only have two choices: cheese and pepperoni. Except when I went they didn't have cheese so I had to have pepperoni. It was kinda cold, the crust obviously came out frozen from a box before being topped with the crappiest, greasiest cheese ever. But for 5 bucks, what do you expect?
2	Meh, Little Caesars works for a cheap, quick meal. The last couple times I went to this location it tasted slightly like eating cardboard with tomato sauce on it, and I had to do a tyrannosaurus-eating motion with my neck to get the pizza to tear while eating it... but as the last person said: it's $5, what do you expect?
3	Its Little Caesars, its 5 bucks. For the money its ok. I wouldn't eat here all the time but good for a snack for a bunch of hungry kids who all want different drive thrus but can all agree on pizza....
2	Ugh... every once in awhile I think, oh Little Caesars is cheap and alright... let's pick some up. This is a problemThe pizza is terrible... I know it's 5$... but still. It's just not good. I also always seem to remember liking the crazy bread, and then I get it and it's also just not good. I should have just stayed home and eaten cereal.*sigh
2	Ordered the Hot n Ready Pepperoni Pizza.  It was not very good;  the pizza seemed to have been sitting in the warming oven for quite a while since the pizza was only lukewarm.  It wasn't piping hot like the ones we are usually used to getting in Henderson NV.  Service was very nice.
1	I got crazy bread from this stupid place and they didnt give me any sauce! What a waste of my time, gas, and money. Im hungry and cant even eat these dry ass bread sticks without sauce. Dumb.
5	Got the new pepperoni pizza with pretzel crust and cheese sauce! It was amazing, not to mention it was only $6, what a deal. The location even had it hot n ready, so I didn't have to wait around. Will be getting again.
