5	My movie going experience is always good at this location.  No lines, clean theaters and clean restrooms.  I love the reward concept.  Now is the time to get your new cup for 2011. One dollar sodas for the rest of the year!  I think I may buy a t-shirt this year so I can get free popcorn too.  My daughter loves the kids box....popcorn, a drink, and fruit snacks.  When she finishes her popcorn I just poor some more from my bag into the box and she is one happy camper.  Most of the time I have attended films on the weekend. I can always find parking and I don't have to arrive an hour before the film starts to get in line.  I love Harkins theaters. My only complaint is that I wish they would show more independent films at all the theaters and not just their Camelview location.  Thanks Harkins for making movie going fun!
5	Clean, good food. Great deal if you purchase their loyalty cup!
5	Please don't be surprise when someone hands you a free pop corn voucher because it's a treat. The Transformers was awesome. It's not 3D or surround but I like the sound system of the Theater. IT was so packed at 7:30pm.
5	The manager came into our theatre before the movie started and thanks us for coming and if we had any questions or concerns to come see him. Very impressed. Their popcorn with butter of course is the beat. We went to see We Bought a Zoo with the kids and thinking it wasn't going to be that good, we were all surprised. It was a very good movie. Enjoy.
4	Lol it's a theater. What's there to review? Just kidding, I've never had a negative experience at this theater and have been here many times with my cousins. Always a great atmosphere and not to mention the great shopping and eats that surround it. Probably one of the nicer Harkins in the city.
4	We pretty much always go to this Harkins 'cause it's close to home, clean and usually not that busy. I've never had a bad experience here.
1	The Management Group at this location need to make a better effort to control the number of people jumping theaters.  My experience at this theater was one of the worst that I have ever had.  I will never go back to that theater again.  I felt that it was nothing but a complete money grab.
4	Good restrooms,popcorn,and well everything.I loved it and I would go there every day. It's awesome
5	Clean an friendly staff an always a good experience for the movies!
5	Just a wonderful little theater. Always clean, easy to go with the kiddos, and super friendly workers. I didn't know that my daughter was free until she was 2. I was there paying and the girl noticed that she was little and asked her age. After I told her, she said, "Oh no ma'am, she's free!" and proceeded to refund me. That was so nice. This Harkins is my go-to theater.
4	Very good theater & conveniently located off of Loop 202.  Everything here was excellent last time I was her to see The Bourne Legacy.  Only reason I did not give this theater 5 stars was because I prefer AMC Theaters.  At Harkins, the pre-show entertainment is pretty plain & seats are not very stadium style which makes a difference for short people.  Overall a very good theater, just not quite as luxurious as others.
3	Server took forever for popcorn and soda. Manager talked to her 3 times while I waited in line. But over all I love this theatre it's clean and staff is very friendly.
3	Movie theaters are pricy! But if I'm gonna go its harkins. They give military & student discounts. That's nice. Plus the loyaly cup helps
5	I always enjoy visiting at this Theater, it is always clean, neat and well maintained.Picture quality and sound are very good, but on a few occasions, the previews had no sound, that kind of sucks hence 4 stars and not 5.Typical way overpriced snack bar with no healthy choices, but of course this is the industry standard, however the snack bar is very clean and well maintained and I don't fear eating anything here.I go to this Harkins over the SanTan location on Greenfield primarily because it isn't near as busy. One time, went to San Tan and couldn't get a ticket, sold out, drove over to Crossroads and got in for the same viewing time at only 40% occupancy.This is my theater of choice.A few more visits with no sound issues and I will change to 5 stars.....Well, many movies later, this place is 5 stars all the way...My one bid complaint though is women that bring in strollers and allow their baby to cry through the entire movie. It ruins the experience, but at least the theater gives a free movie pass each time to make up for it.Can't blame the theater for inconsiderate idiots.....
4	What's not to like about Harkins?Freshly popped popcorn is always flowing.Bathrooms are always clean.Loyalty cups for $1.50 fills on soda and Loyalty shirt for a free medium popcorn!This is a smaller location but I really like the service, plus this place has great parking and rarely sells out (even on premier days). The one thing I will say is the employees are infamous about over filling your cup, so make sure they wipe it off if they do otherwise you'll have a super sticky hand. Harkins is by far my favorite movie theater in the valley! Support your local chains!
4	This is my go to theater, it's not super crowded with plenty of parking.  From the bathroom to the concession stand, it's always well kept.  I have not had a bad experience at this location.... yet.......
3	Everything was fine, just surprised anyhow old of movies they were still playing. Some had been in theaters 3-4 months. Seems to be the jr. High hangout place
5	When I'm going to see a movie, I generally go to harkins. I went to go see a movie while my friend was at work and had to wait around a bit before it started. The staff was super nice and the bathroom was spotless (no easy task with how many people are in and out, i'm sure). Yes, the concessions are over priced, but what theatre isn't? Because I'm hard of hearing, I use assisted listening devices when I go see a movie (for the lack of closed captions). Once or twice I've had to macgyver the battery to work, but always receive assistance if it is needed. I've been to this harkins more than once and will definitely return. :)*ahem* mini update here: Okay so, harkins totally gets 5,000 stars. I am currently waiting to be able to go into the theatre where my movie is going to play, an instead of an assisted listening device, they totally have closed captioning. I'm in love. This is so wicked. I can't wait to see how it works!
2	I love harkins! i have gone to many and only return to this one because it is close to me. Yes the theater might always be nice and clean and not ridiculously crowed but the management is ridiculous. Some crazy girls in front of me and a friend of mine had something up there you know where and kept trying to get us kicked out for literally doing nothing. We may have whispered hear and there but nothing that would disturb the whole movie. The manager need a reason to kick us out so claimed we harassed two girls in the bathroom (like seriously the most ridiculous thing ever) and when i asked him to please review the security footage to see that me and my friend never even went to the bathroom together he declined and asked us to leave. Luckily the assistant manager is the sweetest lady ever and could tell we didn't do anything so she asked the crazy manager is she could handle it and then she brought us to a different room. however this took my mom coming to the theater and screaming at the manager...haven't seen the man there since and hopefully never will again.additional info: this was the twilight marathon attached to the breaking dawn part 2 premiere. the guy i speak of was around 5'5 and completely bald. If you ever see him run in the opposite direction. evil man.
5	This theater and the Harkins at Chandler mall are the same distance from our home. We choose this one every time. It is nice, clean, and not full of young kids. Nothing against them, we have all been young once. The refill cup deal not not be beat. The pizzas are surprisingly good. They bake them fresh when you order. They are the Freschetta brand.
5	I have gone to this location twice now and each time it was a very nice experience. The hubby and I went to a show and we made sure to get the works since its been years since we've been to a theater. We got the popcorn, drinks and candy. The popcorn was wonderful, the cost was of course a little pricy but it was worth it. The theater is clean all the way down to the bathrooms. The staff was friendly and helpful. We will for sure be coming back again!
4	Smaller than most Harkins and maybe that is why it tends to be cleaner.  It feels like there are more smaller theaters at this one but I like it for its cleanliness and proximity to home.  It also is a lot less crowded which is a huge plus!
4	Clean and convenient.  I also appreciate the clientele on my side of town as well, it always makes a difference on the experience.Prices seem to keep getting higher and higher which will ultimately be movie theater's downfall.
5	After just having experienced a movie at AMC, I say thank you Harkins!   I now remember why I only see movies at Harkins. ( you can view my AMC review)Snacks with loyalty cup and T-shirt (or popcorn voucher for filling up the $25 gift card- and dont forget the free refillable bag) only cost me at the most- $2.50.  yes, you have to factor in the original cost of the cups and the shirt, but it pays for itself with in a month or two.Service is always fast, employees are pleasant and snacks are affordable!Nothing else to say- Thank you Harkins!!
5	This Harkins theater is always clean, the employees are friendly and the loyalty shirt and cup make for some great deals. The popcorn is great too.
3	I am not a big movie goer. I much prefer to watch movies in the comfort of my own home. This Harkins was fine. It seemed very clean and the employees were helpful. What I dislike are the seats. I think they're made for much taller people. I'm 5' 4" and when I sit in their seats the little bump in the chair for your neck hits me right in the head. I feel like I'm getting a stiff neck as I sit there watching the movie.  Unfortunately we went to see the hobbit which is two hours and 24 minutes. Much too long to be sitting where you are uncomfortable. I would recommend this movie theater to people who really like movies, but for me I'll have to go to a much shorter movie, so my neck doesn't feel totally out of whack at the end.
