1	My husband and I checked this place out when our membership was up at Snap Fitness. We both wanted a larger club with more options.  This was close to our house.First impression:  Outside is very run down.  The entire center needs a rehab.  Chipped and missing concrete as you walk up.  The fountain just outside the entrance was barely on and had huge amounts of algae.  Interior seemed VERY 80's (can you say Miami Vice?)  Lots of glass block and older looking floors.  The waiting/seating areas and main desk looked second hand.  The place had a "not very clean" odor when we first walked in.The first person we had contact with never did give us his name and did not have an ID on.  Yes, he had the Bally's red shirt, but no ID.We told him we wanted to find out their package pricing and what the club included.  He immediately wanted us to fill out an "insurance waiver" so he could show us around.  My husband asked if this also gave them the right to call/email us and sell our email address/phone number/address to outside vendors and he said, "Oh no.  Its just a waiver so we don't get sued if you get hurt while I show you around."Well, my husband read the small print and right there it stated that by signing the form you agree to allow Bally Total Fitness to sell/transfer all personal information to their partners and other interested companies!!!When we pointed this out and told him we weren't signing this, he said, "Well I can't show you around then."We left!  I don't do business with underhanded sales tactics!
2	I was a member at Bally's for four years. It's actually quite big, with an area for treadmills/ellipticals/bikes (this is where the TVs are), an area for all of the weight machines, a back room for free weights, and a huge aerobics room. It's kept fairly clean, and there's a seldom a wait for machines. Things get fixed fairly quickly. What's great about this gym is that it's definitely not a "see and be seen" gym. Nope--you can go in with an old t-shirt and no makeup and not feel bad about it at all. Plenty of parking at the strip mall (safe, even for early mornings).Bally's had some financial trouble, so they've relaxed their membership requirements a lot. The reason I left was three fold:1. An apathetic staff--I think just two people knew my name. They turned over staff quite a bit, but it also seemed like no one really cared.2. They kept cutting hours. It used to be open something like 5am to midnight. They just kept slicing hours off both end until, when I left, Saturday hours were just 8am to 6pm. Seriously? On a Saturday? But I get to pay the same, of course.3. I like taking classes, but they didn't offer many, and again, there was a lot of no-shows and turnover on instructors.So if you like doing your own thing, you'll definitely find the "stuff" there to get a great workout. It really is big. They have a childcare area and a huge locker room (with showers!).
3	It is a place where you don't have to 'dress-up' to sweat.  The other people working out are great.  We've made great friends.The equipment suits my needs.Trainers are good.  Front desk staff is only ok.The hours are not good.  6 A.M is not early enough some days and the 8 A.M. on Saturdays is terrible.  I am on to other things by then.
2	This location closed mid December 2011.  They have directed members to the LA Fitness at University & Stapley.  LA Fitness purchased a large number of Bally's, and are closing them/consolidating them to LA locations.
