5	Hours of Operation:11:00am to 11:00pm Sunday thru Thursday11:00am to Midnight Friday and Saturday20 flavors of yogurt and sorbet!  The Red Velvet Cake flavor is fantastic.  About 60 toppings including many fruits, many candy bars, big chunks of rich brownies, granola & other cereals, lots of syrups, sprinkles, nuts, etc.  The whole place is spotless & the bathrooms are nice.Friendly staff.  They do a great job keeping the topping containers full.Plenty of parking.Credit cards accepted.
5	I like this place alot..It's always really clean and everything is always replenished, they're never out of any toppings or anything. I usually go to the one off of Stewart & Nellis, and it's the same there as well.I always get the same thing everytime i go... the red velvet cake flavor with chocolate and vanilla. It's REALLLYY good!!
5	This place has the best frozen yogurt ever!  Their customer service is great.  You're immediately greeted by one of the employees.  They have a large seating area unlike other yogurt spots.  You have the option of sitting outside or in.  Parking and location is fantastic.  They have a good variety of flavors and toppings to choose from.  Price is reasonable.  The employees do a great job keeping the place clean and organized.
2	I tried u-swirl a while ago and wasn't very impressed, but I recently got a coupon in the mail for a free yogurt so u figured it would be the perfect time to give it another chance.  As many others have mentioned, they do have very friendly employees which is nice, but the yogurt is just disappointing. I find it strange that this location opened up a few months after yogurtland went in right around the corner -- and I do feel a bit bad for it every time I leave the packed yogurtland and drive by the empty u-swirl. Anyway, I wish I liked this place more because it's way more spacious than the yogurtland and has a lot of different flavor options. However, I can't give it a very good review. Tonight I got red velvet, cookies and cream, whoppers and vanilla...almost all of them came out of the machine soupy which did not bode well for me taking it home. Maybe they just have the temperature set incorrectly on the machines, because the consistency is just wrong. The vanilla didn't come out soupy, but instead it was icy. None of the flavors were creamy and the red velvet tasted like, well, nothing. Weird. I can't see why anyone would come here and pay top dollar ($.08 more per ounce than yogurtland )when the yogurt is far superior at golden spoon and yogurtland. While it was nice to get a free yogurt, by the time I got home (which is literally around the corner) it was half melted, leaving me with chocolate chip and brownie soup. Bummer.
3	Had the cheesecake and strawberry yogart with strawberry, mango kiwi and Mochi. It was good but the fruits looked like they were frozen. What's up w/ the self serve condiment bar can barely reach the back row, I'm 5'9 not exactly short but have to stretch to reach the back, I guess the more expensive items sit in the back.   Like the yogart flavors , condiment bar needs fresh fruits and ez acess. Employees friendly
4	Oh U-Swirl.. how do I love thee?Well, not as much as Yogurtland, but it's darn close. I used to be partial to U-Swirl over Yogurtland, but that was before they took my beloved Heath Bar flavor yogurt off the line. That hurt, but I forgive easily. I'm a fan of the fresh ingredients and tarts flavors that they have available. Fruit and tart flavors topped with nuts? Um, best thing on earth practically. One of my favorite after dinner snacks... or well, anytime really.
5	I absolutely love this place.  Yogurt choices are diverse and the toppings are as well, and stocked.  My boyfriend and I ate our yogurt there the other day, due to the fact the furniture looks so comfy, and it was.  We enjoyed our over topped creations around a few other patrons.  The yogurt flavors are true to name.  Some places flavors fall flat, not U-swirl!!!  It is a great summer snack Ill be eating time and time again
4	So the GF LOVES yogurt and we were in the neighborhood and I needed gas, so we pulled into the circle k. And she spies U-swirl and is hooked already! So we have to go in of course.I don't have much of a sweet tooth, as this is my first yogurt place review and even my first desert review of any kind. It was 3 pm on a Wednesday and the place was a little dead so we went straight to the first yogurt machine. (Uswirl is a serve yourself place, where you weigh the total treat and pay by the ounce)After squirting 3 different types of yogurt in my cup, and throwing about 78 different toppings on my yogurt, including but not limited to; frosted animal crackers, waffle cone bits and pieces, floured cookie batter, kiwi puree, mini reeses pieces, mint covered chocolate chips, among others!!! Of course it has all the normal toppings you would expect like, different syrups and sprinkles etc. We both had medium cups and filled them about 2/3 full including toppings and the total was $10.81.....not bad at all.We then decided to sit on the huge lounge couch and put our feet up and enjoy our treat in store. Great big couches did not disappoint. We thought it was also awesome: there was a small meeting going on between who we decided might be local mgmt and someone corporate going on next to us. The nice lady asked if she could take our picture "because we looked really comfortable enjoying our yogurt" and we happily obliged. Then she asked another table to take a picture of the little girl and offered them a free yogurt. She threw up a huge smile and said "yes please."The overall experience was great and next time we're in the area we'll stop in for a cool treat.
4	With dozen of frozen yogurt places jumping up everywhere, you cannot go wrong to stop in try them all. Most are about the same price, most have the same flavors and most have the same toppings, however, U-Swirl always has no sugar added in the mix and that's why I usually go here. You know already that frozen yogurt is healthy than you ice cream, however, if you go for all toppings you can put as many calories on you treat just as if you did get ice cream. I like keeping it simple, avoiding excessive sugars when I can and their no sugar added is tart and twangy, add just a small scoop of walnuts or pecans, and you have a pretty healthy, yet enjoyable treat.
5	O U Swirl how I love theeI love how your cold goodness touches my lips when I am sadAnd the way you use your red velvet cake with andes mints to make me smileOr your reeses peanut butter to make me laughFor any occasion I can find a excuse to come see my new best friend.If anyone needs something they will never forget, try this place
5	This location is my fav,then the w. charleston@ hualapai. Here's why we get five stars:1. Have never been disappointed-nothing's ever been out2.open till midnight some nights!!3. reasonably priced4. a good place to reward my daughter for various things,grades and such5. they added bananas then bobas to the toppings menulove love love. I go here way more than any other dessert themed place.they have a punch card. your 11th is free. I think we've gone through 4 cards since they've opened.also i save the spoons to reuse :)
3	I consider myself a frozen  yogurt connoisseur. I have tried just about every frozen yogurt store in Las Vegas : Yogurt-land, Menchies, Yogels, TCBY, Red Mango, Yofresco, Cherry on Top etc so I really know yogurt.However, I realized now that what people really like from frozen yogurt places is yogurt that tastes like ice cream which means creamy and no tartness. In my book, yogurt should have a certain tartness to it. However, U-Swirl does offer a wide variety of flavors and toppings to choose from so you are not limited to the tarts or the creamy flavors. The seating area is roomy and the decor is much better than Yogurtland. I also think they charge a little bit more per ounce than Yogurtland but I'm not sure since some of them have also raised their prices. Gotta love the self-serve!
5	With $1.89 left on my GC, & an appetite for some frozen yogurt, I victoriously entered the glass gates of U-Swirl. I narrowed in on a few key ingredients: Reeses' Peanut Butter Cup, Red Velvet, Mint Chocolate.. & Original tart. Toppled over: Mochi AND CHEESECAKE Bites! $4.87?... Good thing I came prepared. SWIPE. Recept taken; Battle over.
5	Very Clean. Friendly staff. Good yogurt and toppings
1	This was a couple months ago but all I have to say is one of the employee's was so rude that I didn't even get a yogurt and walked out.
4	I stopped here last night for a quick treat on my way home.  I was pleased to see they were open to 11 PM on a weekday night and I made it with plenty of time.There was an excellent selection of flavors and toppings.  I chose some red velvet and Reese's peanut butter.  I wasn't owed by the red velvet.  I think I'm over that fad of mine.  I did love the peanut butter.  I added a few toppings and I had a nice snack.I ate inside.  It was late and it was cold!  I'll be back.  This is an easy stop when coming from the Strip back home.
1	Ok I don't understand all the other reviews..  I originally had plans to goto carvel up the street but the owner closes at 8 p.m. (oh well his loss).  So this was the next nearest place and I love frozen yogurt and this was my first visit here too. So I arrive at about 8:15 p.m. on a Friday nightI walked in, the place is very nice, spacious, clean, I loved how you could select and mix all the different flavors and stuff and the price was fine too. They had 5 people already sitting outside eating and another 10 inside in line. So I'm thinkin this place is gonna be good.  I tried 3 flavors there (peanut butter, cake batter, and cookies and cream). As I was walking back to the car, I tried the cake batter first. Their yogurt was very creamy and smooth, but something was missing. I tried the next flavor and then my 3rd flavor ALL 3 were COMPLETELY FLAVORLESS. I was very disappointed. I figured ok 1 type might be lacking flavor but all 3???  Sorry I will never go back.
3	The place is very spacious and had a very relaxing environment. I got the peanut butter and chocolate flavor with some Reeses cup bits as toppings.The yogurt was very sweet and somewhat flavorless. I felt that all I was tasting where the toppings. Even when I tried the yogurt on its own it didn't taste like the flavor it was supposed to taste like. Will probably come again to try a different "flavor" and see if it actually taste like its flavor.
5	It doesn't matter if it's cold or hot outside, I'll eat my yogurt anytime of the year.  I really like their coconut and the pomegranate.  Since I know that all of the choices they have, like nuts, chocolate chips, and fruits add calories and weight, I usually stick with a spoon of nuts and mochi balls, just enough to add a little texture and still keep it healthy.  Clean establishment, friendly staff.
4	There's also a Menchies and a Yogurtland in this area, but U-Swirl is your best bet if you're having trouble deciding where to go for yogurt. They have the widest variety of yogurt flavors, including gluten-free/non-fat/etc. choices, and the fro-yo is never too frozen or too runny. The flavors are a bit sweeter than other places, but there's no any artificial sugary taste. All the standard toppings are available, including mochi, fruits, and candy bits. Try the Magic Shell chocolate topping, it's chocolate syrup that solidifies into a crunchy outer shell on the yogurt. There's a large, bright area with comfy couches and wide windows, making this the clear place to go to if you'd like to sit and chat over yogurt.
4	Its a wide open store, plenty of open seating but the seats arent that comfortable. I would imagine that's on purpose to keep lounge lizards from loitering for hours on in.The selection wasn't too bad but seemed lacking in comparison to another frozen yogurt chain here in Vegas. The toppings seemed about the same but they do have more sauces to choose from. (The gf complained the Carmel sauce had a bad after taste) As we were there to cool our taste buds down from a hot n juicy dinner it was a perfect cap to my birthday night out.Oh yeah almost forgot. The daughter said this place isnt bad but they do need a souvenir spoon collection like the other place to replace it as her favorite yogurt shop.
4	Good amount of yogurt flavor and toppings.  I love how many different toppings they have. The yogurt is good too, but I have had better.  Great after dinner sweet.
5	cleanfriendlyeasily accessiblenot overpricedrewards program
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE U-Swirl. It's my favorite of all the frozen places. Much roomier then the others and I think the staff is pleasent.
2	Had the brownie batter and brownie bites- had a really odd aftertaste.  Not a fan.
4	in the Yogurtland vs. U-Swirl battle --- I'm pro-Uswirl. If you have ever had "ice dream" from chick-fil-a and liked it...then you might agree.U-swirl reminds me of the boardgame Candyland. This location is one of the largest I've been too. It's bright and colorful just like the other locations -- and the cashiers are just as friendly as anywhere else. I love their cookie flavors : cookie's & cream, vanilla wafer, chocolate chip cookie flavors but I'm a big fan of their mint flavors. Mint used to be one of their staple flavors but when I went last time, it wasn't an option :( Whatever you might be craving at the moment, the variety of flavors is sure to have something you'd enjoy.If you are looking for a froyo fix -- U-Swirl will not disappoint.
5	Brand new store, the yogurt flavors are awesome, and the fruit is fresh!
4	The staff are friendly. I especially love adding the strawberry bobas in my frozen yogurt. The atmosphere is lively and the decor is modern. It's location is great whenever I have a frozen yogurt craving :D
4	We had never been to a U-Swirl before and received a tour from the staff; very helpful. They have sugar-free flavors, important since one of us is diabetic. Very comfortable atmosphere for sitting and enjoying the yogurt, which was delicious.
5	U Swirl has the best frozen yogurt out of all of the yogurt shops. They have the most choices for toppings and the most flavors. The stores are all very clean and they also have a rewards program. I would recommend U Swirl over all the other yogurt places.
4	Place is great! Not to busy, but that's just more comfortable for me.. The staff is great! Especially the one guy with glasses, my first time in, he walked me through everything, even have me ideas to mix.Sooooo many flavors!
4	Great place to bring your kids for a afternoon snack.. Fat free frozen yogurt with rainbow sprinkles and all the toppings one could want.. How do you go wrong
2	Feeeeh.The flavors here taste too artificial for my liking. Location is good. Seating is meant to be unpleasant to make you leave asap.Pass
5	I absolutely love this place! I've been in Vegas for 4 months now and this is the only froyo place I go to! It's literally walking distance from my house and I frequent it a lot! Cute little set up and design! The staff is friendly, also!
5	I come here all the time with my family. The employees are friendly, it's not that pricey as some of the other FROYO places in Vegas.
4	The yogurts were good and I was pleased with the service.  The place is not brand new but looks like it was very nice at one point.  The floors were a bit dirty but they were white so it must be difficult to keep them clean.  I like how big the place and roomy it is with tables outside too.
4	Pretty good a bit pricey could be cleaner
5	I've seriously tried  every yogurt place in town, and this is by far my favorite. Even yogurt land sucks compared to this place! Great yogurt and toppings and I've never had an unpleasant experience, very friendly staff! I just wish there were more now that I've moved to Summerlin!
