1	Mediocre service was the highlight.  Seriously.Let's start at the beginning.  We were seated in a booth, and given menus.  This wouldn't be at all odd, but my preschool aged kids were also given menus, and not the kind you can color on--adult menus.  Odd, but you don't lose any points for that.After sitting for what seemed like a really long time, we had the opportunity to order beverages--the kids had chocolate milk which arrived in a styro-cup with a lid intact, but no straws.  We had to actually ask for straws, and then watched as our confused waitress visited every table in our section straws in hand, trying to figure out who needed them before solving the puzzle.The food came and it was atrocious to put it mildly.  I burned my elbow against my plate, which would have been somewhat my fault, if I didn't have a taco salad.  The lettuce was hot, the tomatoes were hot, the cheese was hot.  I suspect they cooked the whole thing, plate and all in an oven.  I might have gotten past it, if the beef weren't swimming in soup at the bottom of the soggy taco shell.  I also ordered chicken tacos, which had dry flavorless meat, cheese which tasted like processed mozzarella string cheese, and nothing else.  Bleh.  I didn't finish either dish.My wife ordered steak ranchero tacos, which came with a decent presentation, but my wife said they were also flavorless.  She offered me her last taco, but I'll take her word for it, that it was bland.After trying to coax my kids into eating their quesadillas, I decided to take a bite myself, and wanted to cry.  Picture melted string cheese encasing a frozen chicken strip.Next time we are craving decent Mexican, (which is almost always, since we are California transplants), we are driving the extra 10 minutes to Tequila in Rock Hill.  The place looks like a dive inside and out, but the food and service has never disappointed.
2	Lets be fair.  This is a new Charanda venue and its gonna take time to shake out all the new bugs.  I've frequented the venue in Rock Hill and it's a good Mex 'traunt.  the new venue has mediocre service, but is improving as is the food.  The Charro beans, for example, are thin and lifeless compared to the RH location.  However, the manager has gone out of his way to correct probs if brought to his attention.  Ypu can tell he cares if you speak to him.  Let him know of issues you may have.  i'll give them another couple of months to shake off the "newbies" before commenting on the general menu.  Try the RH location before panning the new place.  I am. . . Hope you will too
1	This restaurant was bad on every level. The waitress was disimterested amd thoroughly unfamilair with the menu. The guacamole tasted fresh out pf a can, though I was told it is made fresh daily. It tasted identical, and just as bad as,  he guacamole in a jar at a grocery store. The fajita seasoning was extremely salty. Both my fajitas and my friends arroz con pollo suffered from raw vegetables. I know this place is new but there isn't exactly a paucity of mexican restaurants in the area. I wont be going back.
2	You know Mexican food isn't going to be very authentic when you enter a restaurant and all of the employees are Caucasian.  Our server was friendly and bubbly, but she put my order in wrong and they forgot part of my wife's order.  The food was less than average, watered down Americanized Mexican food.  If you've had any of the similar chains in Charlotte like Azteca or Zapata's, those are much better.  The food at Charanda didn't taste much different than Mexican food I've made at home, and that's not saying much.
3	Lets be fair.  This is a new Charanda venue and its gonna take time to shake out all the new bugs.  I've frequented the venue in Rock Hill and it's a good Mex 'traunt.  the new venue has mediocre service, but is improving as is the food.  The Charro beans, for example, are thin and lifeless compared to the RH location.  However, the manager has gone out of his way to correct probs if brought to his attention.  Ypu can tell he cares if you speak to him.  Let him know of issues you may have.  i'll give them another couple of months to shake off the "newbies" before commenting on the general menu.  Try the RH location before panning the new place.  I am. . . Hope you will tooUPDATE 23 MAR 2012:  Wonderfully improved.  This is my third visit and easch time has been a little. Etter than before.  Speaking to the Manager has begun paying dividends.  Lunch #11, for ex, used to be watery and lifeless;  now firmly served with the whack of fresh jalapeno and smooth Charro beans inside,  More tea please!!  Even the surly Hostess seems to have cooled her jets . . . A MAJOR improvement.  I've bued it up a Star and hope to add another as time passes.  Keep up the good improvements, Mr Manager!  They're definately showing.
5	This is the best Mexican food in York County. Best queso dip I have ever had. Great flavors and service. I go at least once a week. I love how it's right across from Neighborhood.
3	Charanda was a little better the second time around.  We won a gift card as part of a silent auction package, so we went back to use it.The service was much better this time.  They got our orders right and it was relatively quick.  The food was still average at best, and the guac is definitely from a bag.  It is very runny and tastes like Wholly Guacamole from the store.  I am glad there are more authentic options in Fort Mill (La Poblanita).This also seems to be a place for the families of Baxter Village to bring their hyper kids.  One kept jumping up and down and kicking my chair in the booth behind me.  Several others were being way too loud.  I'll probably still only go back if I had a gift card but wouldn't set out to go here on my own accord.
1	I was very excited to have a Mexican restaurant so close to where I work. Sadly, this is not the place for me. The best thing about the place is the bartender. He is friendly and attentive. Maybe if he ran the place, it would be better? As for the rest, the service is slow, the staff rude and the food bland and flavorless with weird tasting cheese sauce. Sorry Charanda's. I will continue my search for good Mexican food in the South elsewhere.
4	I'm surprised at the negative reviews of this place. We have been 3x at different times during the day and have NEVER had a bad dinning experience or bad service. The service is always prompt and accurate. The food is good and the guacamole is fresh and not even close to being runny or "from the store." Chunky and fresh just like it should be. For a small restaurant still working out the details of being relatively new, I hope the reviews will continue to improve as does the restaurant itself.
4	I'm very surprised by all the negative comments. I've always had friendly and fast service. Their fish tacos are so yummy and the soups are delicious!
4	food is fantastic...I have eaten here at least 5 times.  Service is pretty much always less than fantastic but the food makes up for it!
3	It isn't my favorite Mexican place, but it is the best in the Fort Mill area.  Margarita's were so sweet two of the four of us started feeling it in our stomach's.  Atmosphere is above average, food is alright and service was good.
5	Love it!
3	4/12/13-Great food, good service & great prices. We eat here twice a month. Free chips & fresh salsa when you sit down to hold you over until you order...~nice                8/10/13 The 1st few times was great but the last few was not all that great. Hope it gets better soon
1	Great location, terrible food. The 10$ special maragirta was friggin nasty, wife wouldn't drink it. Chi I was almost ok, but very dry and overcooked. My burrito had marinara sauce on it, I swear.. It was marinara tomato sauce. Waiters were all tools.. Totally will drive to Monroe or huntersville for Azteca.. Avoid this place!!
2	The food was good and I especially loved the hot salsa. HOWEVER, I am vegetarian and ordered from one of the vegetarian items marked with a "v". My veggie fajitas came with rice. As I was enjoying my food, I discovered shreds of chicken in my rice. I asked the server if the rice was made with chicken and she said yes it is made with the broth from chicken soup. That is not vegetarian!!! I would rather them not serve the rice with veggie meals or include a note about this on the menu. I was so disappointed.
1	Very poor.      Starting with the host... He would have been just as welcoming if he just pointed at the table that he assigned us to. I can not say that he seated us. He merely assigned us a seat and walked away.      Our server greeted us by setting a basket of nacho chip crumbs on the table, stood in front of us and waited for us to tell him what we wanted to drink. After a ten minute wait for our waters the man proceeded to take our food order in the same fashion, by just standing there... Literally, not a single word was spoken.      The food got to the table on scalding hot plates that were obviously microwaved. My burritos were floating in water and melted cheese. Absolutely disgusting.     I can't justify wasting anymore time on a review for this place. This establishment was given a star from me only because it is the minimum.
4	One of our local favorites - good food, good portions and good price. Look for the specials like $1 tacos, fajita specials. We usually sit in the bar area!!!
5	I go to this restaurant regularly for lunch. The lunch specials are a great deal, and my favorite option is the burrito verde with refried beans instead of rice. The food always comes out hot and quick. The complimentary chips and salsa are always good and fresh as well. Servers have always been quick and attentive. I haven't been at dinner time yet, but it is one of my favorite lunch spots in Fort Mill.
2	I have eaten here quite a few times and the food is good. The 2 stars is because they no longer have limes!(trying to get a response) I ordered a margarita (ultimate which was very good) and when I asked for a lime the bartender said they had stopped ordering them because they were too expensive! Now granted this didn't make or break my meal but that was one of the strangest things I have heard. It wasn't like it was $2 margarita night ($9 to be exact) Hopefully someone in management will see this and respond. If you like a lime with your margarita or your Mexican beer you may want to pass until they they make a better business decision
1	Ok...I have been here before for take out and usually the people are very friendly.  I called for take out and when I got there, the door was locked.  When I called to explain that the door was locked, I got no response. After that call finally the door was opened by someone who definitely didn't apologize or even explain.  Then asked how many not even looking at me.  I stated I was picking up an order, then she said go over to the bar -and literally walked away.  Wow....bad enough I wasn't feeling well and picking up some soup for myself, but to be treated like I was "bothering" them is another thing. Was I really going to give them my $?  When I ordered, I specifically asked if the soup was a good portion. Said yes, yes. good.  Uh ok....the container wasn't even all the way full & the chips taste a bit stale.  The mild salsa that was given, not even half full in this small container.  They weren't very friendly-the only one who smiled was the man behind the bar.  The soup is good and ordered a side as well.  The portions are not what I would call standard or even decent.  I wish El Cancun was still open, sad they closed, because when you ordered any food, you got what you paid for!  Looks like I will be searching for another Mexican restaurant.
3	I'm usually pretty long-winded with my reviews, but this place can be summed up as average. It's your standard Mexican restaurant with colorful decor and Mexican mariache music playing. We went for an early dinner on a Sunday, and the place was just a little under halfway full with a few outside tables taken, too.The margaritas are huge (even the medium), and the chips and salsa are free... and fine. The fella got a taco/burrito combo, and he said it was good. I got the fajitas carnitas, and they were fine. Our waitress was young and sweet but maybe just a little forgetful.Charanda isn't going to wow you, but it isn't going to disappoint you either.
5	I love this charandas! Always great service  and great food! Very friendly staff as well
5	The food here is far better than your run of the mill Mexican restaurant and the portions are generous. Everything I've tried has been excellent, including the drinks. In my three visits the service has been prompt and courteous.
4	Let me start by saying service here was pretty impeccable. Not MIA and not over-bearing, a good mix. Refills on the waters/ soft-drinks and, my favorite, the salsa. Very friendly servers. The food is pretty decent (from what I can tell). You won't be disappointed with the Fajitas or a Taco Salad. However, think twice about the Quesadillas. Unless your into a Quesadilla SOUP you may not be thrilled with this dish. The runny, "cheese dip" cheese is like a pure swimming pool on your plate. I had to eat the entire Quesadilla with a fork and knife. But yeah, other dishes look good. I'd be back.
5	Really great food, good service, extremely affordable prices.Went there for lunch and had a very good experience. I will definitely go back again.
5	eat here frequently....hubby loves the taco salad. He always finds something he likes at a restaurant and sticks with it.  I am one of those people who have to try everything on a menu....you know, never order the same thing twice. But once I had the BURRITOS VERDE I was hooked!!! They are DELICIOUS!!! One time they didn't have the beef stew filling and asked if it was OK to substitute some other beef. I said fine but it just wasn't the same. BTW at restaurants I always ask the wait staff if they get their tips at the end of the day if I add it to a charge. You would be surprised at how many restaurants cut the staff's tips and/or make them wait until the end of the week for their tips. And sorry to say Mexican restaurants are notorious for not giving their wait staff their full tips. If you want your waiter/waitress to have the full tip, give cash if you can.
4	The food was delicious, everything tasted very fresh. The service was a bit choppy at times, but I think that's because they were very busy indoors and we were the only table that opted to eat outdoors. Would definitely go back.
5	I love this place! Great service, prices, and food! Even when they are packed, those servers run around like crazy to make sure you are taken care of. The food is so so so good. Get the queso to start/ best decision you'll ever make. 5 stars!!
4	I ordered a beef taco, chicken enchilada, and a beef tostada. Everyone understands there is sauce on the enchilada, so it seems like they might have separated that from the other two items, especially the hand-held taco. Instead, it arrived all on one plate, with the saucy enchilada in the middle. Picking up the taco without getting enchilada sauce all over my hands would have been impossible. They were nice to bring me another taco and take the sauced one away. Also, it was my first time here and no one explained the fresh guacamole cart upfront. When it hit my table, I wasn't sure if it was complimentary or if I would be charged for it, so I passed.  The tip container on the container was right at eye level. Couldn't miss that. The enchilada was nicely seasoned, but the chicken was a bit on the dry side. The ground beef on the taco and tostada was decent, if a little greasy, and it needed salt IMO. Chips were good, as was the salsa. I might try this place again when I am in town.
