4	Comfortable pub that's been operating under the same name for many years (which is usually an indicator of historical significance, and is often a sign of quality). Stone walls and a busy tartan carpet give the bar an authentic feel. There's a separate area for folk having meals, and it does get very busy. Given that it's on the Royal Mile, it's a real tourist trap. Best get there early to get one of the few window seats if you can.
4	The "wee haggis" appetizer (complete with neeps, tatties, and oatcake) and the curry parsnip soup were a great late-afternoon snack during my perambulations of central Edinburgh.  Of course, it all starts with the beer, and they pulled me a Belhaven 80 cask ale which really hit the spot.  There are several pubs along the lower end of the Royal Mile, closer to Holyrood and the Parliament building.  The pace is slower and the crowds lighter down there, so these pubs are in a great spot for a relaxed afternoon respite.
4	I know I'm revealing what a tourist I am by reviewing a Royal Mile pub, but honestly, this place ticked all of the boxes. Great Scotch beef and service. The pub itself has a lot of character as well.
5	Love this place. It's dark inside, dark wood everywhere, a few small windows and wall plastered with old, funky memorabilia. That in itself would make it worth going there once or twice. The other things that kept me coming back were the wonderfully friendly staff, the kind local patrons, the outstanding food, and the 4 Cask Ales, all Scottish, most from Belhaven, on tap. I've never been in a pub so dark before that wasn't either oppressively dark or bleak and life-threateningly dangerous. This was cozy dark, even though the lights were on all over the place, it's just the dark black wood isn't very glossy and doesn't shine the light back, instead, it just absorbs it. This works only because there are so many light pictures and paintings to liven up the place. If I were making a movie and looking for a location that screamed Scottish Pub, this is where I film it. The staff and locals were the friendliest I'd met on the Mile, and most were friendly. They offered tips galore, answered my dumb tourist questions, and explained a little about the food, all while the place was packed to the gills. The foodWOW. The haggis, the fish and chips, the fish cake! Large portions that ensure you won't leave hungry. And the service was fast and they were happy to talk about the food with us. The bar is small and except for the bar and a tiny nook off to the side, most of the space is standing, though can't accommodate more than 15 people. The back of the place is all small dining tables for eating dinner. Finally, the Cellar beers, the Real Cask Ales on tap tasted better here than anywhere else. I couldn't put my finger on it, maybe it was my giddiness of being in such a cool pub, but it tasted fresher somehow, even fresher than other cask ale pubs.Finally, they sponsor a Pub crawl, whereby you must visit 8 or 10 pubs to get one of their (of course BLACK t-shirts!) t-shirts for free. So drink beer, get a free t-shirt. Unfortunately, these pubs are spread out all over creation. 2 are in Leith, 2 in the Southside, 2 on Leith Walk, and others scattered around town. Only 2 others were in the Old Town. Luckily we did the tour in 2 evenings. The staff at the World's End were quite happy to give us our free t-shirts, which look very cool and have the names of all 10 pubs printed on the back.
5	i love this pub.. great service... and the haggis with neeps and tatties are amazing.. my fiancee had the fish and chips and it really hits the spot..
3	This is your typical Royal Mile pub..ish. It's a great location, and so tourists always find their way in here, but it's a good place to find your way into! It's a nice, friendly pub with good service and good food! I took my vegetarian friend here once for the vegetarian haggis, and I think I preferred it to the real one!But, with every good thing there has to be a catch. And there is...A few years ago there was a murder right outside The World's End, and as a result there have been countless ghost stories about what happened and the lingering spirit. I don't know about you, but that sort of stuff does spook me a wee bitty...
2	In the olden days, this pub market the end of the City. Hence the end of the world. Funny how our perceptions change huh?It's a very touristy orientated pub with frightfully overpriced food and drinks. I came here once and even though I have never pulled a pint, I could have done a better job with the pints they gave us- the beer was still and their was no froth whatsoever. Plus they were making it obvious that they were not happy that only 2 out of the 5 of us were ordering drinks, on a very quiet Thursday night.I am willing to give this place another shot perhaps, but in the meantime I'll just enjoy the random history about the place.
3	It's hard to get too excited as a local about a pub as touristy as this. I went in here just after my flatmate had coerced me into getting my nose pierced and needed a cold pint of something to ease the stinging, and it was ok but not exactly anything special.I'm always wary of pubs that have so many interesting stories and facts painted all over the walls, as if it's their way of trying to distract your attention from something that's bad about the place. And in The World's End's case, I'd say that would be the prices. Yes, my pint was cold, and yes, in that moment I'd probably have given them everything in my bank account for it, but it was still steep.I haven't been back since, but every time I walk past it's always got a decent-sized crowd in there, although presumably they're all tourists who don't realise they're being ripped off.
2	While there are, admittedly, fewer tourists down this end of the royal mile, its still clear that the World's End pub is a tourist orientated place looking to cash in on its varied and often grousome and scary past. Basically, this place is over priced and so geared to recieving people who are only visiting the city, it seems to forget about us locals. My friends and I were slightly put off by the fact the bar staff asked if we were tourists before moving to another group who were hwen we answered no. Kind of like we had said 'No, we arent tourists, but we are willing to wait until you have served the millions who are.' Not a good experience.However, once we had been served, we had a pleasent time - but I wont be back.
5	I know many of the places on the Royal Mile are considered tourist traps, but I absolutely loved this pub and would definitely recommend it to any tourist!The salmon is delicious, but I think the star on the menu is the Chicken Balmoral...a chicken breast stuffed with haggis, wrapped in bacon, and smothered in a creamy whisky sauce...  it is wonderful!I have also tried the cranachan, which is a traditional Scottish dessert of raspberries soaked in whisky and honey, topped with oats and cream.  It was wonderful, refreshing, and a little messy.  Of course, the sticky toffee pudding (try it with cream instead of ice cream or custard) was spot on, but I would suggest sharing it with someone as it is a fairly large portion.Not only is it easy to find, but the staff are incredibly friendly.  I will say that if you don't have a reservation and arrive at the wrong time, there won't be any seating in the restaurant area...so plan ahead.
3	The best piece of advice you can really give to visitors of the Royal Mile, would be that if the place is overtly Scottish, it will almost certainly be shit, so avoid. The World's End isn't quite as bad as the likes of Rabbie Burns Cafe and Whiski, but it's still naff, grubby, and grasping for every last penny it can get from grinning middle-aged Canadians with cameras round their necks.It also has a slightly seedy, sinister atmosphere that I just can't put my finger on, but which at least makes it a bit more memorable than the "och aye the noo" persona shoved down our throats on Edinburgh's least culturally interesting street.Barely deserving of averageness, but better than a boarded up unit. Probably.
4	We entered this pub for Belhaven and got that with lunch and dessert! This pub was nearly empty around midday and the service and food was excellent. We got the Wee taste of Scotland that was haggis, nips and tatties with a whisky sauce on the side, a pint each of Belhaven's best and the Cranachan for dessert. Everything on the menu sounded amazing, but we can only eat one dish at a time and didn't want to kill ourselves! The atmosphere of the pub was nice and quiet mid-day and I would definitely come here again!
3	The World's End has their mind mind set on tourists. Selling Scottish food from a Scottish menu, Scottish ales and Scottish whiskys, I can see it appealing to people searching for their heritage while on holiday here. That would namely be Canadians or perhaps some Americans with a distant line of Scot in their blood.It's an old, musty tavern and although I as a local of sorts wouldn't think about drinking in here off the cuff, it's perfectly fine for a couple of beers. During the height of the festival season it's as busy as any other pub along the Royal Mile, so go early else you won't get a seat.There are a long, long line of pubs of this description on the Royal Mile. So although I can't see anything at all wrong with it, I can't see anything that stands out about it either. The only thing I would say that makes it better than many pubs in this area is that it genuinely seems to be old fashioned. It is not designed to look like an old man pub - it is. Its just filled with people from the other side of the world looking for a local to call their own for a few days (and there's nothing wrong with that).The one thing that stands out about this bar is that it has a really low ceiling. So if you're into drinking in a building that looks and is hundreds of years old, you have found your perfect watering hole! The low ceiling makes me happy, so I would recommend it over the other cheesy pubs nearby for that alone.
3	The World's end is one a pub I have visited quite a few times during my time in Edinburgh. Always busy, this pub has a very cosy atmosphere with it being split in two with both a restaurant and bar part. The bar section is small but provides a great selection of real ales and drinks. Seating is also at a premium so if you come late in the evening it is unlikely you will get a seat. The restaurant on the other side is also snug, with the warmth from the kitchen being felt through the entire place. The food is very good in here, slightly expensive but well worth it in my opinion. The burgers are very filling and come with generous portions of chunky chips! The fish and chips are good but the fish, when I have been there is always slightly over done! A great bar, and a bar which must be on your list of places to visit on the Royal Mile!
3	Another tourist trap bar on the Mile, the World's End is slightly less rammed than the others because it's a bit further down. Apart from that though it's similar to Deacon Brodie's etc in that the drinks are overpriced, it's overly Scottish and there is little atmosphere. It is also tiny, which means as soon as a few people pop in it does get full. This rarely happens though, as most people either don't know about it or do and stay away.Unless you're a tourist or have forgotten what Scotland is then probably best to steer clear of here...y'hear??
4	I generally despise pub food.  You have to be drunk and hungry to want to eat pub food.But Worlds End's food is actually quite good as far as pubs go!  So my 4-star rating here should be taken in this relative context.The steak pie was great!  Try it!  the soup of the day was perfect for the dreary Scottish weather.
5	My younger sister, Coquette was the first person to review this place, nearly 2 years ago on YELP !  Too funny!  Now close to 2 years later, I must concur with my intelligent sibling: 5 stars!!!I came here with a friend and ordered a few pints and the best Fish and Chips I have ever consumed in my whole life!!!  There were sooo many different sauces on the table to dip your entree into!!  It was at this time I traded in my American ketchup for mayonnaise and I haven't looked back!!!  It is the right way!  hahah.  The batter is so clean tasting and not so greasy like the states make it.  I won't eat this dish anywhere else but in the UK now.
3	First of all! I love the name of this place! Second of all, I came here as I had a MAD craving for Haggis before I boarded the train back to London! It didn't disappoint! However, 'twas quite a small portion along with the neeps and tatties and I wanted more!! Maybe I'm just used to american portions now!! Really friendly staff too!
4	World's End ranks among the better pubs on the Royal Mile. The bar staff are generally friendly, the beer selection is better than average, and the food is actually quite good. (Especially the cheese toastie -- yum!) Last time I was here with a friend who works in Kuwait and she had the pleasure of introducing the first Kuwaiti bill to the layer of paper money blanketing the bar. (Note: Kuwaiti money includes fractional dimensions -- this bill was 1/4 of something or other. Odd!)A good place to stop in for a snort and snack.
4	This is a cozy pub, feels subterranean, even though it isn't. It feels like a shelter from a storm, in a way. They serve haggis. It was decent. Good servicel
3	I was seated where I was looking directly into the kitchen, and it made me wonder about the cleanliness of the restaurant and food. That was the worst part of the experience though. It is a pub, so that's expected anyway. I enjoyed my steak and ale pie, and they had some good beer which is really the most important thing to me.I came in as a tourist, and it seems like everyone else in there was probably a tourist as well. That's expected with the pub's location. Everyone was really nice and I had a good time. Would go again.
3	Although this pub smelled somewhat suspect to me (I won't say what it smelled like, as my husband claims he didn't smell a thing and I don't want to influence future visitors), we decided to have lunch at the World's End, and I'm glad we did. Because really, all I have to say is: Black pudding and goat cheese. Sweet baby Jesus, yes. Two of my favorite foods combined on one plate of awesomeness. This appetizer also came with a little salad, and some onion chutney (which I didn't touch), but really, if you like black pudding and goat cheese, order this. You're welcome.I also got a side of chips, which was huge for the price and very tasty. My husband had the fish and chips, and I swear there was an entire freaking fish on his plate, so portion sizes were certainly ample and the food was good. The menu was relatively large, and there were quite a few things that I would have tried, if not for the lure of the black pudding, so it was a solid choice for lunch.We were seated right next to a large window, which made for some awesome people watching as we ate, and there seemed to be a pretty good crowd in for lunch. Service was friendly, our drinks were kept full, and our empty plates were removed quickly. So aside from the odd smell, I have absolutely no complaints about the World's End, and I'd definitely stop in again for that black pudding and goat cheese appetizer!The World's End, you are certainly A-OK in my book.
4	My two boys and I ate here after doing the High Street Tour. (09/28/120 Thinking because of the location, that it will probably be fairly expensive. It was actually priced pretty reasonably. My son and I had the Steak and Ale pie which was pretty good. My other son had a hamburger which he really liked. turned out to be a fun place with good food!
5	My boyfriend and I came to this pub more than a week ago. It was recommended by our tour guide. As soon as we came in, we were greeted by a friendly staff. We were seated immediately and got served pretty fast too. Our server Allan who greeted us when we arrived was very attentive and very friendly. It made our dining experience very pleasant. The food was very good too. My boyfriend and I were both craving for some good pie and their sirloin steak pie did not disappoint us. We ended up ordering their sticky toffee pudding and it was absolutely delicious. Their price is very reasonable and the place is just absolutely cute and fun. They sell pretty cool shirts. Unfortunately, they didn't have extra small for women. This is one of my favorite pubs in Edinburgh. I highly recommend it.
3	I was recommended to this bar by a tour guide because it is at the historical end of the town, and somehow after couple of drinks we ended up here.  It was really empty when we got here but it was pretty late already on a Wednesday night in November.  There were plenty of seating for the large group of people we somehow collected, the bartenders were open to pouring us drinks round and round.  At last call both me and a friend somehow ordered two drinks for each of us and they had no problem with it.  Win for usThey had plenty of different local beers on tap at reasonable prices.  Can't speak much besides the beer, the WC was clean and the interior was fairly typical.
3	Another Old Town, history laden pub on the Royal Mile - High Street. This is quite a famous pub and many tourists can be found here. On first impressions the  interior is a tad untidy. Posters on the walls and doors, prullaria on the tables.  The bar area is small, but well stocked. you have little nooks where you can sit around beer barrels or rickety tables. I guess this is all part of the "Ye Auld Toon" experience so many tourists crave after.  They serve real ales, cloudy ciders and the obvious whisky references are plentiful. I did not try the food, but many plates past me by and the punters seem to enjoy it very much. - I could detect many languages and cultures which really added to the atmosphere but to get one thing very clear:  This. Is. A. Tourist. Pub.To me it is difficult to class this as a local. OK the prices are similar to other pubs, but the ambiance, feel and impression all seem to scream TOURIST at you. Easy bar to meet up with people or even show off to visiting friend and family, but not for a nice evening of beer, nuts and banter.
3	Sadly, this wasn't as good as reviews had suggested. The pub grub was fine for what it was. Most is just microwaved or fried as needed. Ok, it's a pub after all.The beef and ale pie wasn't what you would expect. In modern terms, it would be "deconstructed". In real terms, it was stew with chips and green beans with a pastry on the side.
4	Nicely done pub food. There's a limited dining area and they don't take reservations. So, come before 19:00 or be prepared to wait 20 or so minutes.
4	I don't care if it's a tourist bar, I wanted to spend my last night in Edinburgh at the World's End!! I must say, i was very impressed by their food. I ordered Beef ale pie, and it was fantastic! mashed potato wasn't as great as the server recommended, but i didn't care much. My friends ordered chicken with haggis and something else I don't remember, but they all loved what they got. And Whisky. Yes. It's hard to believe a dram of single malt is cheaper than a pint of beer/cider, but it's true. I tried 2 different single malt, which I don't normally do, but both of them were really great. I had a great time there, great food, great whisky, and great company!
4	Walk in, have a beer and a whiskey and you experience Edinburgh!
3	While it's the perfect pub name (and charming as hell inside), this is the absolute last place I'd go for a decent burger. Now, it's my own fault for deviating from the standard UK pub-norms of steak n' ale pie and fish n' chips, but I wanted a burger dammit!There's precious little dining space inside, so you may find yourself at the bar waiting for 30 minutes for a table. If you find yourself in this situation, head elsewhere; it's just not worth it. You can find similar grub with similar prices in a dozen other places on the High Street.That being said, if you're only interested in a pint and some sport then they've got a few cask ales and some high-quality bar ambiance. It's just not good for eats.
4	Ein sehr empfehlenswertes Pub auf der Royal Mile mit einer guten Bier Auswahl und gutem Essen. Ich kann jedem nur den "Steak and Ale Pie" empfehlen, der war wirklich ein Traum! Ansonsten vor allem am Wochenende mit Wartezeit an der Bar rechnen, es war am Samstag ziemlich voll und Reservierungen werden keine angenommen!
3	I know what you're thinking.  No, this is not the location which inspired the film.  There are in actually at least three pubs called The World's End in the UK (probably more).  They're not a franchise from what I can tell--I guess it's something people in the UK just do.  It sure feels like a franchise given the amount of memorabilia sold inside, reminiscent of Hard Rock Cafes and Planet Hollywoods.  It is claimed that The World's End is a landmark.  It sure tries to make that argument. I found myself wandering the royal mile for most of this November afternoon, stumbling past the titled pub late in the afternoon.  I hadn't planned on a pub to be honest, but one look at the name convinced me.  Inside, tables are packed tighter than chickens in an industrial farm.  Pictures, books, plaques, and statuettes pack the walls to such a degree, they spill onto the ceilings (t-shirts are actually stapled to the ceiling).  Chalkboards are scattered about with various specials.  This felt like a hoarder's open house.  Like a complete gastronomic philistine, I failed to fill my role of a pub patron and just asked for a coke. The World's End is considered a tourist attraction strategically and iconically (it's a word) located at the junction of St Mary's and High Street, marking the outer rim of Edinburgh back in the sixteenth century.  To those that lived in the city back then, the outer wall of Edinburgh marked the end of their world.  In that, one can assume The World's End can own some metaphorical claim to the name.  It makes me wonder if any of the other similarly named pubs can make such a connection. The more I read up on the history of the pub, the more I came to believe it earned its reputation as a landmark.  And if you don't care about that, they still have WiFi.  When it came to the food, I'm surprised how productive they are considering that their kitchen looked about the size of a broom closet.  Given that, I still received my dish in a timely fashion.  Of course, being a proper pub, the menu was jammed with sandwiches and pasta with a headline reserved for fish and chips.  I was instantly hooked on their "haggis, neeps, and tatties"--locally caught MacSween's haggis served with creamy mashed potatoes and bashed neeps (turnips).  The delivered plate was simple and delectable.  The prices are a little on the expensive side mind you, an obvious inflation for eating at a tourist hot-spot.  There also isn't a lot of variety, which I wouldn't normally complain about except that only four options on the general menu offers a vegetarian variation.  And if you think I'm talking about the salads, you'd be wrong--those all have meat on them.  Remember this is Scotland--their traditional breakfast is five types of meat.  I was asked if I wanted their signature whisky cream sauce and by reflex I said yes.  This dish as prepared felt more suited for a proper restaurant, so I appreciated the attention to detail.  It also felt properly Scottish, though I won't claim it was authentic in any way on the off chance I get lynched by manic clansmen and beaten to a pulp with bagpipe chanter reeds (that happens, doesn't it?).  All I am saying is that of the twenty six or so options on the main menu, all but six would never been found on a menu in North America.  Let's put things into perspective for a moment; if The Worlds End was transplanted brick by brick, word for word to my home town, it would instantly be my favorite pub by such a degree, it would reside in the tallest tower with second place reduced to begging for crumbs and sleeping in the slop drain.  However, if such a pub were to be "translated" to Canada, it would be larger and hopefully not be plastered with so many self-serving product advertisements.  On the other hand, a Canadian pub would be a shill for a dozen different brands of alcoholic cooler.  Take the good with the bad and I would see about The World's End a thousand times before welcoming a new dawn inside a Canadian pub.Food:  4/5Service:  3/5Presentation:  3.5/5Value:  4/5Recommendation:  3.75/5
4	A wee bit touristy, but a beautiful and elegant pub & restaurant steps away from a hostel on the Royal Mile. About a 7-10 min walk (downhill) from Edinburgh Castle. I saw a sign that said Voted 2013's best Fish n Chips and that was enough for me. Lots of people dining alone and working on laptops while having a pint. My first taste of Scotland. Yummy! The chips were big and soft but also very chewy, no undercooked chips here. The fish was HUGE. I only got about 1/2 of it before giving up. Served on a bed of peas. I liked how we got a plethora of different sauces so my aunt and I could try a little of each. Good service too. I'm a fan of anyone who says "Cheers!" to me. Yes, my American tourist roots are showing.
4	Yeah okay I admit it. I went here cos of the movie. Even though I walked past about half a dozen other 'World's End' pubs in England, this one just beckoned me!It's a very cozy pub - I imagine it would get very cramped quite quickly of a night time! But it was so warm for what was a freezing day in Scotland!I ordered the fish and chips and a mulled cider. Both absolutely delicious! Best fish and chips I've had in Europe!This place is definitely worth a look in if you find yourself on the Royal Mile!
4	The best fish n chips I've ever had? No. The best sticky toffee pudding? Yes!The decor is awesome, the staff friendly, the menu selection excellent. I really likes this place. Try the Scottish coffee and the Cullen Skink. Amazing!
3	It's a decent establishment, right on the Royal Mile; it has a slight infamous history, but we don't talk about that, because we're in polite company. There's a big restaurant space, which means a tiny bar space - a few seats and then seating at the bar for the discerning real ale drinker, as long as they like Bellhaven beers.Here's my tale of woe for in here though. Sat at the bar, ust getting out of the rain and waiting to hear from a friend where to meet him. Empty seat next to me, this drop dead gorgeous blonde Aussie chick asks "is this seat taken?" and I say no, on you go.She gets a beer and there's silence between us. The kind of silence that needs someone, maybe a guy, to start chatting her up. Maybe just flirt a little. She's looking around and watching me stare at the bar intently.I say nothing. I start to panic and sweat and order another pint. Maybe I should ask her if she wants another drink? I don't do that. I get a pint, down it in about 3 gulps, and practically run out the door.This is why I won't be back in here for a while.
4	This place is awesome, not named after the movie though. Just was the world's end for Soctland. Def is popular and people there are super friendly. I love the different ciders they have here. I hihly recommend stopping by!
4	This place offers t-shirts with their name printed on it.  we walked the Royal Mile looking for cool souvenir t-shirts and this was the only establishments that offered t's.
1	This is the kind of pub that makes tourists think we have awful food. Having ordered the sausage and mash I was unhappy to discover the mash had a certain boxed mash taste and texture to it and the sausage was absolutely awful. The sausage was incredibly dry, difficult the cut with the knife it was so hard, and I am pretty positive it was cooked once (ages ago) only to be reheated at least twice. There was an onion chutney on it that I believe came out of a jar. There are other pubs in the area to visit. This one is ok if you are trying to get out of the rain for a tea or a simple pint, but not a place to venture if you are hungry.
4	Came here two separate times. First time I had wild mushroom and white wine tagliatelle pasta with cajun chicken and the second time I had haggis, neeps, and tatties with the whisky cream sauce. The wild mushroom and white wine tagliatelle with cajun chicken was absolutely delicious! Very generous portions too...easily two meals. The haggis, neeps, and tatties were only ok but the whisky cream sauce was really really nice. Had a cranachan, which was also pretty good. I would only return for the wild mushroom and white wine tagliatelle pasta with cajun chicken. But that dish was solidly 5 stars, which is why I gave this place 4 stars overall.Fair selection of beer and whisky. Gets quite crowded and service can be slow, but the bartender was very sweet and patient.
3	Small and very very Scottish, but not nearly as tourist-trappy as one could expect from the Royal Mile. Quality shifts a lot, though.I wanted to give them a four-star rating, I really did. When we first moved to Edinburgh in 2007, The World's End quickly became the place we would always take our friends and family when they visited. They play up the Scottish Angle, serving "Scottish Coffe" which is just Irish Coffee with whisky rather than whiskey, and serve typical Scottish faire like Haggis, Neeps and Tatties and burgers topped with haggis.They used to not allow reservations as it's a small place and quite busy. Instead, you'd take your chances and potentially wait for about 20 minutes until one of the tables became available. Apparently, they've changed that policy now, so better call ahead, as it's still pretty busy. Not sure I like that change, but whatever.The reason I'm not giving them a four-star rating is that World's End seems to experience a lot of shifting lately, and the quality of the food varies a LOT. This last time I went, they had completely switched up the menu, giving their old dishes new names and new styles. I've had many different permutations of their burgers, so I gave that a go this time as well. Unexpectedly, the burger was flatter than the typical "fat, juicy and delicious" style that most high-quality pubs serve. I was afraid this would mean a less tasty burger, but it was one of the best I've had from them in a while. Also, being flatter, it was actually possible to cram the whole height of it into my gob, which is definitely a bonus!Their affiliate brewery is Belhaven, which I'm not at all a fan of, so up until recently that's been a huge mark against them for me as they had no ales to offer that I wanted. They had some non-Belhaven lagers, but I'm not a lager fan. The last time I went, though, they had bottles of Brewdog, so that's me more or less happy.Thought they're very friendly, they can be incredibly disorganised, which has been a throughline since we started going. I've often had to ask for my drinks a few times before I get it, and we were once sat waiting for the food for well over an hour before it finally arrived. To their credit, they then gave us free desserts and didn't allow us to pay for any of the food we had. They're happy to acknowledge and correct problems and that's great... I just wish it didn't happen so often that things are late or mixed up.I will most likely keep updating this review as I go again and again, and might update to a 4-star if their future quality stays consistent for long enough. However, at the moment, I don't know what to expect when I go there and their disorganisation is jarring, so it stays as three stars.
4	This is a cozy little Scottish pub towards the bottom of The Royal Mile.  I stopped in here for a late dinner and a few pints.  I think it was the name that ultimately lured me in?  It was pretty busy with patrons eating dinner and drinking around 9pm on a Friday.  Overall a very quiet and chill environment.  I grabbed a seat at the bar and ordered a Belhaven to start.  The NZ bartender was quite friendly, and we chatted about the New Jersey Nets and Texas steak for a bit.  The menu is quite diverse, with traditional Scottish fare, specialty burgers, salads (yes, salads!), and a full range of desserts.  I only wanted something small and ordered a lamb stew special that was very good - and very spicy.  It certainly hit the spot on a cold December evening!I definitely recommend this place, although I may or may not return based on the overwhelming number of pubs in Edinburgh that are also worth a try.
