4	I'd been seeing the sign for this place for a couple of months but thought it was a Seafood Market. Then I drove past it from the Southern Ave. side and realized it was an eatery. It's located in the former Kyoto Bowl location at Country Club and Southern. I stopped in to ask info just as they were closing a couple weeks ago and came back yesterday to try them out. I found out they had an Oyster Po ' Boy sandwich and ordered it with a side of mac and cheese in place of the fries. A drink even came with the $6.99 price. I really enjoyed the sandwich, good flavor, fresh ingredients. The mac and cheese was a bit mushy but had good flavor and they were generous with the portion. I ate half my meal there and had half left for a second meal. The server, Bailey, was extremely nice and helpful in answering questions. We share a love of fairies! I hope to get back to try the shrimp and fish before I leave town. This place conveniently located near many motels in the 60 & 87 area. There is a large parking lot right in front.
5	I love that the place is clean, and the food is fresh. I have eaten their several times and the staff is very friendly. The shrimp are huge and wonderful. I'm glad I stopped in and gave them a try.
2	Needed a quick lunch to go and I stopped in randomly. I was quickly greeted by the manager who made the suggestion I try a few of the specials. I placed my order for 2 Fish and Shrimp- Fried. The owner was present in the kitchen, which I thought was a good sign. Food came fairly quickly. I was given several different sauces to try and sent on my way. The fried fish was clean, but nothing special. The shrimp were huge and awesome. Hush puppies were soggy and not cooked well, as were the fries. One  special came with slaw, which I did not taste. The sauces proved to be very interesting. Cocktail was spicy and tangy. Tartar was pinkish and chunky. Hot sauce was normal. Overall, I am not sure that I would visit this establishment again- but I do wish them the very best of luck!
4	Good food, fish cooked perfect. Service good. We will be back. Clean.
4	Had a coupon in my circular & kids thought we should give them a try! Kids were right food was good! Fish was seasoned & so were the hushpuppies. French fries were ok but the prawns and fish were a big hit at our house. Will be coming back soon!
4	Took the Missus out for a lil seafood at Good Guys.  She was concerned with the neighorhood and once inside all fears subsided.  Pin neat and clean with a super friendly young lady at the counter.    We had Shrimp Po Boys with oysters and shrimp on the side. I would the shrimp are extra large 24/30.  Freshly battered and no frozen pre-prepared.   Huge oysters in a cornmeal breading.   We stuffed ourselves for $20.Its a chain out of Lousiana and it shows!!!   Got to give this one a try.
4	This is a very clean restaurant. The menu board was kinda boring and hard to read. The prices were OK. I ordered the 2 fried fish combo, (i actually got 3 pieces). It came with 2 sides, I choose okra and mac 'n cheese. The sides were yummy, especially the mac 'n cheese (very gooey and cheesy). The tartar sauce had a pinkish hue and a spicy taste - very good. I'm glad I stopped in and gave them a try. I will be back.
5	A great treasure. You must try the home made Coleslaw. You can always tell quality food. The service was very fast and friendly. Not too many places have fried Oysters.The fried Okra is worth the drive. They have something for everyone. I have been there twice and still have several more items to try.
3	I went in their for a quick meal, I have no problem with the main part of the dishes, they were actually quite good. The grilled fish and shrimps were great. I did on the other hand have a problem with the side, I had the green beans and coleslaw. I can easily tell the green beans were from a can and just heated up. I don't know if the coleslaw was fresh, but it was ok.
4	Very clean place!  I got the fried fish and shrimp combo and was very surprised at the size of the shrimp and the fish were nice size fillets as well.  My sides were a hearty helping of fries and a good cole slaw.  My only complaint is the shrimp sauce, it tasted like ketchup mixed with gasoline.  Easy fix though, I had horseradish and ketchup in the fridge.  I also made my own tartar sauce as theirs' looks more like thousand island dressing.  I will definitely continue visiting this place, I'll just order smaller meals as the portions are large.  So nice having some decent fish in the area at a reasonable price.  They use catfish for their fried fish.  I met another return customer while there and he raved about the fried oyster po' boy.  Guess I'll have to give that a try!
2	I got the three fish and three shrimp the last week. (Fired)  Shrimp was ok, fish was really good. Today we got two of the three fish meals, was over cooked. Not sure if we will go again. Both times the meals were take out.
5	Have had lunch here on several occasions and have always been impressed. Grilled fish and shrimp always fresh and tasty. French fries were very good and serving so large that it is hard to finish. Service had alway been very friendly and they go out of way to make certain that you have a great visit. Chicken tenders may be the best I have ever had.
2	So, I had the "3 Piece Fried Fish & Fries " Ok let me first off say this. I debated for a long time on giving this place a One Star or a Two Star. So they call it "Fish" on the menu they don't say what kind it is so I asked them he said "Catfish" I honestly think it's "Swai Fish".  Swai Fish is another  white fish that similar  to Catfish but taste a little different. But when food is fried it's hard to tell the difference between the two especially if you don't eat fish a lot. So I honestly think they don't put the name of the fish on the menu so they wont get in trouble for false advertising. But anyway on to the Taste of the fish. It had no real favor in the cornmeal it had a little salt but no real favor. The fries were cold and given the fact that you have to wait 7plus minutes for them to cook the fish you would think you would get fresh fries too. The one positive thing I will say about this place is the services was nice & very friendly. I really doubt if I would go back.
5	Just had the grilled catfish and it was great. My husband had fried oysters and placed a second order to go. The place is very clean and staff is friendly. I can't wait to try the grilled shrimp because the shrimp our huge. The prices our very reasonable and the portions are good size. I like that they have Dr. Pepper as well. I will be back for more good food.
5	I really enjoy coming in to your place,  The food is great and the employee are very nice.  My favorite is the talipa.  Yummy!!
5	We drove by this place quite a few times, so we decided to check it out.  I've went to Petes Fish N' Chips before and it was disappointing.  So coming here I thought I was gonna be a little disappointed.  Before you actually get the food, you think that it was gonna be real pricy. I ended up getting 4 piece fish and 4 shrimp ($9.99) with my sides being mac n' cheese and fries.The food did take a little while to come out (if you know me, that stuff doesn't bother me, I'm patient like that) but when I got the box, it was so full that they couldn't even close it all the way (good thing it wasn't to go).  I opened the box and the fish was big.  The fries and mac n' cheese were under the fish, oh yeah and hush puppies.  Overall they give you a real good size proportion that fills even people like me up.Now the fish didn't have a super fishy taste, but it was better than Long Johns and even Petes Fish N' Chips.  The shrimp was delicious, the mac n' cheese was decent, and the fries were tasty. It was our first time, and we even told the cashier.  Even though the meal was a 4 piece fish n' shrimp, they ended up giving us 5 pieces of fish, which was pretty cool on their end.The customer service was nice and friendly, and even the cashier was cleaning when it wasn't busy.  You don't see that much nowadays.  This so far is the best fast food seafood place I've been too, and those are hard to find in AZ.
5	My wife and I ate here today. We are from Maryland and always took seafood for granted until we moved out here to the desert. Not many places in the Phoenix area have good seafood at a reasonable price. I had the oysters, they were large and very good. I tried the cocktail sauce and the tarter sauce. I really loved the tarter sauce. It was unique and very good.My wife had the philly steak sub. It was so big that she only ate half and will save the other half for later. It came with onions, bell peppers, mushrooms and mayo. It was very good. The fries that came with it were cooked perfectly and very good. The prices are good too. This will be a regular place for us.
5	My friend and I went here Saturday night as he had some coupons. He went there before and figured I would enjoy it. He was right, this place has great food, Great customer service, and was clean. The only complaint I have is I ordered the Po boy Oyster and it was in the 2 item side order area but only came with on side. I asked the lady behind the counter and she said that she was sorry but it was printed in the wrong area of the menu. I will be going back again to try out other items.
4	After watching the food network channel, my bf and I suddenly wanted fried seafood. We considered Long John Silvers, Pete's Fish & Chips, but wanted to try something new. After looking through Yelp, Good Guys Seafood stood out because they had good reviews and they were located pretty close to home and it was something new. The restaurant is very clean, bright, and spacious. We were greeted by a super nice and sweet lady behind the counter named Yolanda. The previous posts are true, she's super nice and very helpful. We got the fried oyster po boy and the 3 fried fish and shrimp plate. The food was really good, it came out piping hot and fresh out of the fryer. I have to say that their fried shrimp was AMAZING! They were really big (we were pretty impressed), perfectly cooked, cleaned and de-veined, crispy, great flavor! I now know where to come when I want fried shrimp. The shrimp was seriously so good and everyone should go try some! The price for the food was very reasonably priced. Yolanda came and checked on us to see how everything was. Their fish was battered with corn meal and was really good. Their portion size is really good, and they gave me an extra fish and shrimp I think because it was my first time there. I would definitely recommend this place!
5	This has to be my new favorite fried seafood joint for sure. The price is right and the portions are big. I had the 6 piece fried shrimp and it was excellent. The shrimp were huge and seemed like tiger prawns to me. The breading was flavorful and they make their own cocktail sauce. I got corn and slaw as my sides. The corn was good but the slaw was great. The staff was very friendly. I was greeted right when I walked in. The lady that took my order explained the menu to me and talked about the restaurant. It's a family owned place based out of Louisiana and this is their first and only location in az. I'm just glad it's by my house because I will frequent here often. Can't wait to go back and eat and take my wife there. Go give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
5	This is my favorite seafood restaurant in Mesa. Great prices, excellent food. I love the fried shrimp & grilled fish. Honestly, I'm not a fan of their side dishes, however the fried okra is really good. The staff is always friendly. The restaurant is always clean.
5	We came here tonight after seeing a few glowing recommendations from Facebook friends.  I am from the east coast and therefore very skeptical of any local 'seafood'.  I am SO GLAD I tried this place!!!  Everything was amazing,  including the service from Will.  He went way above and beyond his duty and made our experience even more amazing than the shrimp!  We will DEFINITELY be back!  I just wish they were open on Sundays...
5	BEST SEAFOOD in the area hands down. I'm from south Louisiana and seafood is huge down there. My friends and I went there every week after school and we ate most of the menu during our time in Az. The Catfish Po-Boy and  Oyster Po-Boy are the greatest thing there IMO. It reminded me of the good seafood back home and made me think that it may just be possible to get good seafood for cheap.I plan on going back to Az in a month and you better believe I'm stopping there first thing and on my way out. Oh and the staff is awesome and nice. So don't be a dick to them.
5	Best inexpensive Seafood in this part of town. Found it by using the nearby button on my phone and came here that same day. Located in a large strip mall right on the corner. Look for a place with a banner and several colorful posters of the food specials in each window.They have Fish, Oysters, Shrimp, Chicken, Burgers, Philly Cheese Steaks and more. You can even order a Salad and load it up with with some of the proteins mentioned above. They also have several fried appetizers as well as some really good side dishes. The Coleslaw is really good and taste like my recipe. Great value and large portions.Really like the Catfish and Shrimp. You can get them fried or grilled. The fried Oyster plate is also very tasty and a favorite of mine. You definitely have to try the Catfish, Shrimp or Oyster Po-Boys. Reminds me of what we used to get when we would stop at these tiny roadside shacks while traveling along the gulf coast in LA and MS.Service is extremely friendly and you will see very quickly as you enter the restaurant. This also has to be one of the cleanest restaurants I have seen in a long time. It is nice to know they care about the customers and a big reason for my high rating. ENJOY!5 STARS
4	Love the Louisiana-style fried oysters here (#14) - eight plump juicy molluscs in cornmeal batter, deep-fried to perfection. I ordered fries and slaw as sides; fries were good, the slaw was just OK. The hush puppies that came with the order were on the dense side. I'm definitely coming back to try the fish and other tempting items on the menu.
1	We were looking for a good sea food place and turned to YELP to find out what was in the local area. After reading reading all of the excellent reviews we decided on the Good Guys Seafood. What a disappointment! We ordered the oysters, shrimp, and fish. The fish had absolutely no texture, the batter had a bitter taste, the oysters were nothing like previous reviewers stated they were. I've been to the SE part of the US and believe me these fried oysters were not even close to those I had in Louisiana and Mississippi. The shrimp was nothing special. Won't eat there again. Makes me wonder however about the limited experience and taste other reviewers had. The cocktail sauce was watery, the tarter sauce appeared to be mixed with thousand island dressing.
5	Fantastic catfish! I got the 2 fish 2 shrimp special grilled with fries! It was a lot of food but it was so tasty I couldn't stop eating it!! Staff was friendly. When I went it was completely empty in the restaurant! But amazing food!! I will definitely be going back!(:
1	5/3/2014 midnight......saw them loading all equipment into a truck.closed!!out of businessthey should have had cod
1	Everything in A stirafoam container. Deep fried greasy fast food. Not healthy. Not nice. Clean restrooms.
5	I stumbled upon Good Guys the other day when we were in the East Valley looking for somewhere to eat. Now I am writing a review after my third visit this week. My wife said that the fish here was the best she has ever tasted!  The staff is very friendly, Yolanda was very helpful in explaining the menu to me and she gave helpful suggestions for a late night meal. I also want to mention that this place is very clean and that's what gave me confidence in trying it out the first time.
1	It closed! I was about to finally try the oyster poboy everyone raves about. It wasn't meant to be....
