5	Damn Channel 8.  Why must it be so damn addictive?  Apparently its reputation is impressive nationally, as it's the 7th (or something like that) most watched PBS affiliate in only the 13th largest market.KAET must secretly hate my friends, because I'm not ashamed to admit that I have flaked on friends due to the following:* A British sitcom marathon. Yes, that's pathetic, but whatever.* An inexplicably captivating Horizon news episode* A Mamas and the Papas special that put VH1's "Behind the Music" to shame* A Garbage concert and tonight's Celtic Woman concert (complete with hottie songstresses)* An Arizona Highways episode that had me completely spellbound* Being a telephone operator and sweet talking the Sun City crew for one of those pledge drives.Btw, the studio is pretty nice inside, and should be completely awesome when it moves to ASU Downtown next year.
4	It's PBS ... basically the only thing worth watching ... big ups for The News Hour
5	Outside of College Football, it's what's on when my TV is on.  Occasionally, you'll find Rick Bayless preparing an approachable Mexican feast while constants are The News Hour with Jim Lehrer, Frontline, and American Masters.
5	Only on eight...You sucked me in with your special on overweight people training for and running a marathon. (I even got a bit choked up.)You excited me with the new Wired special. Perfect for my inner geek.You intrigued me with Celtic Woman. Somehow I was engrossed, and I couldn't explain it.You speak to my literature and film fascination with Masterpiece Theatre. Too bad I usually end up stumbling upon the stories when they're half-way over. You got me to pledge money during your fund-raising special. Now that's a damn near miracle. Thanks for the tax write off! You send me a monthly program so that I may pre-plan when my ass and couch will make contact. You send me letters and special invitations by mail and email. I start to feel special, until I realize you expect me to give more money. Atleast I can recycle!All in all, you continue to spark my interest and keep me watching. Well done!
5	I would not survive without Channel 8. i really don't watch much TV, but when I do, I want it to count.Let me see: Keeping Up Appearances, Coupling, RedDwarf, Antiques Roadshow, NewsHour, Nova, This Old House, Dr. Wayne Dyer, Frontline, Horizon, Scientific American Frontiers, The War, As Time Goes By, Red Green. Plus, tons of responsible programming for kids in the am and afternoon.(I don't think RedDwarf and Coupling air on PBS anymore - but thanks to PBS for introducing me)
5	As good as it gets if not better when it comes to quality, informative, educational, entertaining television....with no commercials. So many good shows. From great cooking shows to gardening and DIY to riveting documentaries, amazing nature shows, plays and other performances, local and world news, and comedy shows that will have you rolling on the floor with laughter. I can't get enough of PBS and Channel 8 gives me 4 digital channels to choose from 8 HD, 8 Create, 8 World and 8.4 which is their radio broadcast. Cable has not been a part of my household in several years (going on 6 years) all I use is my digiconverter and an antenna. Having PBS Channel 8 and all its options, I don't miss the Food Network or Discovery Channel or the mindless channel surfing I found myself doing....
4	We love watching Eight Arizona late at night when in bed (TMI?) - it has extremely interesting, educational & captivating shows on. It's not good when you are trying to fall asleep but you can't because what they are broadcasting is way more interesting than your dreams could possibly be... Thanks PBS! Love it & keep up the good work!
5	It does seem odd to review a Television station. But, PBS is worth it. They have so many amazing shows. Right now, I am beyond hooked on Downton Abby!Wow, who ever thought that the early 1900's were so fabulous.I love the British shows anyway. But, Downton is the best.Channel 8 now has 4 stations here in the Valley of the Sun. So you are bound to find something you like on one of them. Though one thing I do wish is for them to have more History shows on. That would really make it superb. But, we find our selves watching channel 8 all the time.So of course I also donate to them. I have for over 30 years.
