5	Do you like Rocky Point? I do, and that is why this restaurant is like a brother to me, a weird, some-what attractive step-brother:)The facade may appear shady, but let's be honest, shady is good. Good food, this place is very authentic, and good prices, I am never upset.I have been to this restaurant many times for lunch. I like coming there because there are usually only a handful of customers and I can enjoy a lot of waitress attention. You are greeted with a free cup of seafood soup that is so yummy and full of chunks of seafood. Aye papi!Did I mention that the seafood here is phenominal! They have this appetizer called oysters el pacifico that is moi bueno! It is oysters on the half shell with shrimp, avocado and red onions, very delicious. The restaurant is run by the whole family, papa is the chef, the daughter is the notary/manager and the son (Jr.) is the renaissance man. You are always treated like family in here.WARNING: The service is slow so if you are not going to enjoy food, culture and company, please do not go.
4	I was on the internet looking for restaurants that serve Mexican food for a quick Monday dinner and was attracted to El Pacifico because it serves fresh seafood and offered  a discount coupon.  The experience was so authentic it was like visiting Mexico again with the simple surroundings, lack of pretensions, and very tasty fresh food.  We found the combination of food, price, and service was a great value and instantly began to plan another visit.  So if you're tired of the standard offerings at popular Mexican restaurants in Phenix come here and get back to the real thing.
4	Went here today and very much enjoyed my lunch.  I shared with my husband and we had the shrimp burrito red enchilada style and the fish burrito the same way.  Both super tasty.  The burritos were actually fairly light, not a heavy lunch like a typical burrito from most Mexican restaurants.  The red sauce was very good as was the texture and taste of the tortilla.  The shrimp and fish were excellent, very fresh tasting.The burritos came with rice which was very good and a little side salad of lettuce, tomato, and cucumber with some cheese sprinkled on it, the veggies were all very fresh and crisp.We also had the shrimp ceviche and it was very good as well. The salsa that comes with the chips was also tasty.  It was not spicy, which I like, but for those looking for some spice you won't find it in the salsa that came standard.Only thing I wasn't impressed with was the iced tea, very weak and tasted a little dirty.  But hey, next time I'll get a margarita instead!I liked the atmosphere, felt like being in Mexico.  The service was friendly but a little slow, also very authentic Mexico!Overall, definitely recommend it!
4	OMG; they were right in prev reviews; it is going to a small Mexican beach restaurant. I cant believe we got a dozen oysters on the half shell for only $10.  Of course, we were lucky we went on a Friday, during their happy hour time; First visit, not the last for sure.  Everything we ordered was delicious. And, the free cup of soup, called the 7 seafood soup was great!!! Do try the shrimp tacos , as Hubby loved them,, and he is not a big tortilla fan. I want to try other  items, so we will be returning;  The prices are very reasonable, and the staff who served us was great. And, of course, I ended my meal with the Fried Ice Cream; it was awesome. The place was clean, and cheery inside,  and they even sold some seafood at the back of the eating area.  Not a lot of custom when we were there, but people should absolutely try it, Ole !!
2	This place not recommend, food was cold, rice was soggy, lettuce wilted, and beans runny.
1	Everything was bad. From the sticky Spanish rice, to the tap water, to the cold food (that was supposed to be hot), to the service.  Will not go again!
3	Meh...it's cheap.  It's close to me.  It smells like the ocean in here (yes, fish....).  Cheap beers and drinks.  I might have had a couple of margaritas so this rating and review could be seriously flawed.  Worth a visit if you like the ocean and like to eat its inhabitants.
3	We went here one day, just the husband and I. It was okay. Maybe I didn't order the best thing on the menu, but the fish tacos were not impressive. We did get a free cup of soup which was pretty cool. I ate mine with the chips. It's close to my house, so it's easy. We might go here again, but I'm not sure.
5	El Pacifico is my 'go to' for Mexican seafood.  I will warn you now, if you're not familiar with 'street' mariscos places, then you might not be happy with this place.  It sells seafood by bulk, and fresh fish and shellfish, and so it has the scent of the business.  It's also 'down home', with vinyl checked table cloths and inexpensive tableware.  There's also TV and music, which can be loud sometimes.  But the food is muy bueno!  The seafood has always been invariably fresh and top notch.  I will even order oysters here without even a second thought.  I especially recommend the 'el pacifico' style.  The campechanas are 1st rate.  If you like Mexican seafood and go here for it, I think you will be VERY happy with this place.  It's a family run joint, and serves families...so if you're allergic to kids beware.  The folks here are attentive, the service is pretty good almost all the time.  The other patrons are often pretty friendly too, and on more than one occasion I've been sent drinks from other family parties, and returned the favor, too.  They have a good bar here too, with an excellent selection of tequilas.  But be aware that some 'American'  cocktail standards aren't normal in this kind of context, so don't be too picky if you order an Old Fashioned or a Rob Roy....  But the standard Mexican types have been perfecto!  So if you know Mexican street seafood..and that's what you're after, I give this place the full 5 stars.
1	Super noisy place, you cant enjoy food, the guy who's at charge of sound barely cares, also you can hear while he is messaging from his computer, and they charge extra fee on everything! (Seasonings and chips). So doubleck first is not bad idea.
4	We ordered the mega dish!  I can't describe it but included fried whole fish, fried fillet of fish octopus oysters on the half shelf with ceviche topping and 3-4 different varieties of shrimp.  My brother also ordered a carne asada burrito and loved it!  We will be back.
5	I came her with a friend who enjoyed the seafood. I'm not much for shrimp or oysters but thought why not try a new place. I was really disappointed to be honest. We were the only ones there and it took forever to get our food. I ordered a chile relleno with chicken and after a few minutes was told they were out of it. I didn't really see anything else on the menu I wanted so I went for the standard chicken quesadilla. It was very greasy and the cheese tasted like the one you get at Taco Bell. Not impressed and probably won't go back. Lack of service and the food wasn't anything special.
2	I came here for the micheladas.. They were good but the service not so much.. The waitress didn't speak very good English, so my mom ordered her food in Spanish.. She wanted a red Chile enchilada with a shredded beef taco, and beans, no rice.. Her order came with a green chile enchilada, a chicken taco, and rice and beans. She told the waitress And asked for her correct meal to go.. She got the same exact order that she ordered in the first place.  So I will give them two stars because of the micheladas.
