4	It's really nice to have an authentic Filipino restaurant out here in the Phoenix suburbs! My mother is from the Philippines and I have grown up around authentic Filipino food (and can make some of it myself), so I can tell you that this place is straight-up The Real Deal.When I first heard from the owners of Pinoy's Best that there would be a Filipino restaurant in Surprise, I knew to keep my eye out for when it would become a reality. Now it's here and it's very delicious. Or, in Tagalog, "masarap-sarap!"My mother and I visited for lunch and were immediately impressed by the rather extensive menu. Some items aren't available every day, but it's still a really impressive selection. We ordered adobo pusit, pork menudo, and pancit canton. My mom hadn't eaten Adobo Pusit in quite a while - squid in vinegar and soy marinade - and she was really excited to taste it. It didn't disappoint.The pork menudo was also delicious. They even included liver in the dish, which to me screams authentic; I always feel like there's a fight over the liver pieces between my Filipino uncles once the pickings get a little slim. The carrots and potatoes were perfectly cooked and the sauce was rich and satisfying.Although the pancit was good, it was a little salty for my taste. If anything, my only (small!) complaint is that the food was rather salty - but if you've ever eaten authentic Filipino food, you'll know that a lot of the food is very salty and sometimes there's just no getting around that. While nothing beats my Auntie Rose's amazing pancit, I still liked the pancit here.As we finished our meal, we decided to take home a little bit of food for dinner. We ordered lechon kawali. We discovered when we got home that the portion wasn't very big and that they forgot to include rice, so that was a tad disappointing - but nothing that would keep us from ordering it again.We also took home a little bit of puto (now, don't get this confused with Spanish - in Filipino, puto is a muffin-shaped steamed bread made with rice flower). There was a little bit of cheese on top of it. It was a perfect treat!Overall, I really enjoyed my experience at Pinoy's Bistro. The service was very good and the atmosphere just right for a lunch spot. The prices were fair and the portions were generally very good (especially the pancit). One cool thing about paying at Pinoy's: they use Square to accept payments. Square is reaching a higher adoption rate every day, from what I can tell, after taking off with tech-savvy cafes and restaurants mostly in large metro areas. When you use cards that are tied to your account in Square, you can get a receipt e-mailed or texted to you, plus at Pinoy's they keep track of your visits and you get a stamp on your virtual loyalty card for every visit! We have yet to see what the loyalty card reward is, but I'm sure we'll find out soon as we plan on going back before too long.Like I said, we'll be back. I'm very excited for our next visit!
4	I am a fan of this place.  I hope it can survive in Surprise.  It is tucked away in the corner and will need some serious advertising and a good customer base to keep it going.  I enjoyed dinner here and plan on visiting again in the future. Check it out when you can.
2	Rather disappointed, ordered the kare-kare, although the meat was tender,vegetables were soggy.  The lechon kawali was pretty good, came with the gravy dip and rice. Perhaps will give them another chance due to the A/C not working on one of the hottest day of the year 122 deg,
4	So happy this opened up in Surprise! Everyone's very friendly and the food is great. I recommend the lechon kawali (spell?). It's delicious. I do agree that more advertising is needed. Maybe a sign on Bell Road will help? We will definitely come back!
2	Pretty disappointed! Visually the restaurant looked nice. The food on the other hand was a different story. The Dinuguan that I ordered barely had "meat" on it! Was mostly pieces of Fat/Lard and it was not served warm/hot. Would not go back there again!!
2	I am Filipino and can say the food is good!  I am not a fan of the main dish served in a small bowl.  My lunch was a bit expensive considering the portion of food.  I would place the meat On the actual plate and give your customers better portion of the main dishes.  Not used to paying so much for Filipino food and the portions be so small.  Might come back only if I really had to.  Sorry.
1	Well, I've been wanting to try this place since they opened and replaced Mikes's Bistro.I have several problems with this place but fortunately I don't think they'll be in business long enough to matter.We waited 45 minutes for Chicken Tinola (which was the lunch special how does that happen), basically two chicken wings in chicken broth a spinach leaf and 1/2 cup of rice. Sometimes "authentic" isn't good enough, perhaps if I was in some poor village in Philippines would have been acceptable. Only thing that saved it was it was only 8.00 of course then theres the 2.50 for a coke. Still, if the owner wasn't so busy cooking for friends and family perhaps things would be different - I've seen this happen so many times. Make business a business and save the socializing with friends and family for home - they DON'T pay the rent!Then there is the question (not much of one) t-shirts, flip flops, and didn't see a single hand washing in the (over hour) time that we were there. Finally, the bill came, however, it wasn't a bill waitress simply came over with smart phone and brought up calculator total! That's it! Must be a cash only business for some reason hhhhhhhhhhhhmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...We were polite, left a nice tip, but won't be back and won't recommend - too bad.
1	I was very disappointed.The menu was quite limited, and many of the items were unappetizing to an American palate. .I had expected some American food as was promoted in a review of the restaurant by AzCentral: http://www.azcentral.com/thingstodo/dining/articles/20130530filipino-restaurant-pinoys-bistro-surprise.htmlWhere are the burgers, curry, sandwiches, etc?  I had to choose from soup with blood in it, hog knuckles, and pig snout. I felt as though this was a menu of selections from an extremely rural and poverty stricken part of the Philippines. I don't want to sound ignorant, but when I was served the Chicken Tinola, with a single bony piece of chicken in a small cup of broth, and a pile of stark white rice, I was shocked. My husband, a fan of soul food, ordered pig knuckles and had to gnaw on a nearly meatless bone for his dinner. I sent back my meal and filled up on diet soda and the delicious putos. But we actually left hungrier than when we arrived and grabbed a Little Caeser's pizza because after spending $28 on a non-dinner (including tip because it wasn't the waitress' fault), our budget for dinner was deflated. Don't get me wrong, I LOVE a variety of Asian foods and I enjoy trying new things. But this experience strained that.I would advise people to go there only for dessert. The Boba was very nice and the desserts looked delicious.
3	It was good the best one looked good to me on the menu was chicken curry.  My sister in law had the pork adobo said the sauce was good. Next time I would try chicken adobo or beef adobo  next time.
2	We wanted to like this place.  I'm filipino and I know what authentic yummy filipino food taste like.  The food was ok, got palabok and biko. The price for it was ridiculous.  The biko was good, but for $4 something for a square portion... um no thanks..  For that reason. I doubt we will be back.
1	OK. I am in the restaurant business as I always say. Pinoy's Bisto is the worst restaurant I have dined at in at least 25 years. It will NOT make it 1 year. That is a guarantee. I totally get authentic Asian food.. I lived in San Francisco for 8 years and experienced Authentic Asian cuisine regularly. Everything from design, set up service and food is just wrong. Mark my words This is just BAD. It is doomed...I am NEVER wrong about this when I predict a failed restaurant....Never !!!!
2	On a scale of 1-10, how excited was I to stumble upon this place on accident here in Arizona?!  15!!  And while I wish I could fully support a Filipino restaurant in Arizona, I just can't with this one....and for a HUGE reason.We went here thinking it was Mike's Deli.  But apparently, it is gone and this went in in its place.  A family-owned Filipino restaurant.  I was in heaven and we went in instead of leaving to find another deli.  I ordered their pork lumpia (12 pieces) and their traditional pancit Bihon (I think this was the 2nd word)...two things I grew up absolutely loving when I lived in Mira Mesa (San Diego) surrounded by a ton of my Filiipino friends.  My best friend's mom made the BEST pancit and lumpia and it has been years and years since I have had any. I used to eat it at least once a week. Mmmmmmmmm. The lumpia was just okay.  The meat wasn't ground up with the veggies, but rather more of a stick of pork wrapped.  Meh.  Reminded me of eating fake crab at a sushi restaurant.  Their sweet chili sauce was perfect though!  Okay, so then, they brought out what I was really really waiting for...my pancit!  When she set it down in front of me, I could already tell I was too excited for absolutely no reason.  There was no color to the noodles.  They looked like they had been taken straight out of the boiling water and placed on my plate.  Rice noodles are supposed to be practically see-through, but these were just as white as they were when they were taken out of the package. There were 2 slices of lemon, chopped carrots, some cabbage...and are you ready for this?  The pieces of chicken looked like they had only been boiled as well as the pieces of shrimp (I've never had traditional pancit with shrimp...so it's a good thing I am not allergic).  No type of seasoning/sauce or anything!  Soooo not traditional to me!  I know there are different regions or versions, but this is certainly not what I am accustomed to eating at my filipino Ate's or Tiya's houses.  I unwillingly squeezed my lemon over it and took a bite.OMG!  It took everything I had not to spit it out and get up to leave.  It lacked so much flavor it's not even funny.  Well, there was no flavor.  I felt like I was eating lemon flavored noodles.  The chicken was an afterthought and I couldn't even taste it.  How could they?!  I am so upset and annoyed by this.  I am so glad I have had true traditional pansit because if this had been my first taste I would have sworn off the deliciousness of Filipino food for life.  My friend had their chicken adobo and she thought it was just okay.  The chicken was very dry.I'm sorry to the family who owns this place, but you can't continue serving your customers with such lackluster flavorless food.  No one will want to come here.
4	I had a great experience at Pinoy's. I found the food delicious with an authentic flare. My waitress was absolutely lovely and aware that it was my first time at the restaurant she offered me the opportunity to taste test a few of the entre options. I went for the 2 entree for $5.99 option and had plenty of food to show for the price. I hope it lasts in Surprise!!
4	Just got done eating and getting gas and noticed this hidden gem. Had the puto, it was delicious. Definitely going back when I have an appetite. So far I can vouch for the bakes goods here.
1	I returned three weeks ago with my son to buy two bobas. This was my second visit. Like the first visit, it appears that the owner/cook sits at a table all the time. That makes me uncomfortable. It took a full 15 minutes for the boba to come out. We left before we tried it . The boba had not been cooked completely. They were tough and stuck in our teeth. The cups are small and we simply drank the liquid before throwing the rest away.
2	Being away from Momma's cooking has made me homesick and crave the greasy deliciousness of Filipino food. Unfortunately, Pinoy Bistro didn't rise to the occasion.I walked in yesteday evening to order some food to go. There was no one at the front and it took a few minutes before someone came over to me. The waitress was nice but you can tell she was new. She didn't know much about the menu. When I asked her how many sticks come with their pork bbq entree, she had to go back to the cook and ask. Odd. I placed an order of lechon kawali and pork bbq. I ran to Sprouts in the meantime, but when I came back almost a half hour later the food still wasn't done.After another 10 minutes, I got my food and went on my merry way. The meal was mediocre at best. The lechon kawali wasn't what I expected. It was 6 pieces of fried pork and a cup of rice. $8 for 6 pieces? It wasn't work it. The pork bbq was good but only two sticks is not worth the $7.Overall, I might go back just because it's the closest Filipino restaurant to me. But I wouldn't expect much more than average.
5	My friend recommended this restaurant on the first day I visited Vegas. I finally gave in and had dinner here before I go to the airport. I had the roasted lechon and chicken papaya. This is the only restaurant in Vegas that prepares lechon the roasted way! Skin was still crispy,  and the meat was so flavorful I didn't have to use the Mang Tomas lechon sauce!  Great job on the lechon! 5 stars!
3	This is the first Filipino restaurant I've ever been to but have tried many other types of Asian foods.  I've had Filipino food before but when I was a kid so my review is solely based on a "generalization" I have about Asian food and not comparing it to other Filipino restaurants.I thought the food was really good.  We had the pork lumpia, pork adobo, chicken skewers, and the pancit (rice noodles).  I still prefer the Chinese style way of making rice noodles but the pancit came a close second, maybe a close third.  Point is, I'd try it again.The service was decent.  The dining area is kind of small ... there are several long tables but I don't know how they fit people during peak hours.  It seems like strangers would have to share tables, which I am not adverse to but it just seems strange for Surprise, AZ.I don't think I'd drive all the way out here to come to the restaurant for a meal but if I was in the area, I'd definitely come back again.  Now I'm going to have to make a deliberate effort when I travel to try Filipino restaurants so I can compare more accurately!
5	I'm from the Bay Area (San Francisco) and I'm in AZ for my dad's tennis tournament. We were looking for some sinagang and boba and found this on yelp. Friendly service, good food, and airconditioning. Five out of five hands down.
5	Filipino food is one of the best cuisines that I have ever ate. I came here with a group of friends to celebrate his dentistry practical exam in phoenix area. The food is homemade and tastes delicious. They have a variety different Filipino cuisine and the price is very affordable. Excellent food!
3	First let me say my mother in law is Filipino and I always compare her awesomeness food to other homemade Filipino food!! I wanted to love this place and wanted it to be my go to when I didn't want to cook myself. With that said it's not my go to place and I will try others around town. Pork Lumpia no flavor and rolled to tight ( I can hear my mom law now) Bihon chicken and pork Had a weird taste maybe to much fish sauce I  added soy but would have liked a maggi seasoning to pop the flavor Pancit with shrimp and chicken ok Flavors again off! Pork Lechon was good but Husband remembered when a time in his life Pork Skin was yummy but as a Grown up not so much. Took home a sweet bread and had it with coffee added some honey and cinnamon Delish!! We had a Pinoy server who didn't know the menu . The servers were nice and refilled drinks . We sat next to restroom and I smelled urine odor throughout my lunch.  Not my style of Filipino food cooking will be moving on....
4	Great food with a simple menu that has some distinct variations to certain dishes. Newly installed karaoke is great when you order take out. The pancit is a must for people who have not eaten it before. Great and humble atmosphere.
5	We came here thinking it was a sandwich type bistro but went for it anyways.  The food was absolutely amazing.  We got the lumpia and it was the best egg roll type thing I've ever had.  I got the bbq skewers and my god the flavor was to die for. Our waitress was fanatic in helping us pick something we liked as we had never eaten this type of food before. We come here regularly now.  So dang good.  I highly recommend this place.
5	Best Pilipino food in Arizona...and the best service! I've eaten at many Pilipino restaurants in LA and Phoenix, this restaurant offers best overall experience. Good job Pinoy Bistro! I'll keep coming.
1	I really wanted to like this place. First off I asked if they make their lumpia with rice wrappers as that's the way my friends in Cali have always made theirs. No, they use store bought wheat flour wraps. Next I asked if they had gluten free soy for a noodle dish, again, no idea what wheat is or what or what did not on the menu contain wheat. After explaining the waitress just brought out a few things for me to read the ingredients. I got a noodle dish. Gray chicken and a few veggies were included. Overall nice people, not a good place to eat.
1	The server was nice and they are Filipino but that's the only thing this place had going for them :(Had the pancit it was supposed to come with chicken and shrimp instead it came with very fatty almost inedible pork, and a couple shrimp.It was flavorless and I couldn't even bring myself to eat the leftovers.The portions were great but the food was not.  It was also a little frustrating because we ordered and about ten minutes later a Filipino family walked in and received apps and their entrees before we received our food. It was a clean place and they have karaoke.
5	This was my first experience with Filipino food so didn't know what to expect. My daughter had Bistek that was delicious and I had Pork BBQ Skewers that were also awesome. In addition we add an order of lumpia that was also fantastic. The place was clean, the service was very good,  the time to get our food was prompt and the price while not cheap was inline. I will definitely return, with my friends.
4	I can't speak for the food because I went here strictly for Boba. The place is strictly sit down. It has no walk up counter which made just ordering boba a little awkward. The AC must have been out because it was really hot in there. My hubby ordered a green apple boba and I ordered  my usual (the name is escaping me) the flavor of the drink was really good, the boba were a bit over cooked and mushy but not bad at all. Overall this is a great little place for boba. One day, when i'm feeling brave, I might try the food.
