2	I searched for Panda Express and this location is not listed.I have been to most of the Panda Express locations on the west side of town and generally like the food. I typically have orange chicken and bejing beef, if I have one of the survey receipts I will try something different for the free third entree.I especially like the store located at Buffalo and Lake Mead and the store at Durango just north of Centenial.That brings me to the Charleston/Hualapai store. I have been there twice and both times the portions have been smaller than I am used to at other locations. The entree size is about 1/2 to 2/3 what is received at other locations. The rice and chow mein servings are typical of other locations.The first time I went, I noticed the smaller portions, but figured it may be a fluke since all the other stores serve larger portions. I was working in the area and the store was convenient, so I thought I would give it another try, same result, smaller portions. So I have to assume this is typical of this particular store.Since there are many Panda Expresses around town and they are not that far apart, it is worth the extra 5 minutes to go to a different location, for the larger portions, at least for me. Others have to make that decision for themselves.
4	Good food! Fresh!
4	Panda Express is a great place to eat and a nice alternative to typical "fast" food. The entree's here are consistently rated the best healthy alternative to eat from publications such as Men's Health magazine. They use only fresh vegetables cut daily and high quality meats. None of the meals are served with MSG. This is a very nice location. The restaurant is kept very clean. The ladies behind the counter are friendly. They move customers quickly and efficiently through the line. I have only been to a couple of Panda Expresses in town and by no means an expert but based on what I have seen I think the portions here are very large. I recommend asking for the"to go"plate even if you are eating in. The "to go" portion does appear to be a little larger than the "eating in" plate.I like the Black Pepper Chicken and the Mango Chicken with Fried Rice.
2	I have eaten at several Panda Express locations in both Nevada and California. This Panda Express has a very limited selection and the food is luke warm at best. They never had tofu or eggplant and the restaurant was cluttered and disorganized. The service was mediocre. High prices too.
2	Panda Express is usually OK for a quick meal on the go - but now that I'm not eating chicken or beef, I find the menu at this location unusually frustrating. They're always out of steamed veggies and the range of vegetarian / pescatarian friendly choices is really poor.  The entire menu is almost all chicken or beef - except for the one special shrimp dish you need to pay additional for.  The only veggie options are the never-available steamed veggies, the japanese eggplant, tofu or egg rolls.  I usually only end up here as a last resort as it's close to some of my regular weekend shopping chores and my husband doesn't mind it so much.  If it weren't for him, I'd never come here.
4	Good choice for tonight's dinner. This location is usually busy, so the food is hot and pretty fresh! It's not so packed that getting food takes a long time. They work very quickly and efficient to get your order correct and get you on your way. Tonight we enjoyed some take-out!!! Orange Chicken, always, Kung Pao Chicken to give it that nice kick, n' a Chicken Egg Roll, w/Sweet n' Sour sauce to top it off :)
4	I'm updating my review and giving Panda two more stars for their additional of more shrimp dishes on the menu!  I've been getting the Panda Bowl with Peppercorn Shrimp lately - and I have to admit, it's pretty tasty. Like the fact that this dish is made with asparagus as the main veggie ingredient along with the shrimp. More please!
3	Quick, fast, affordable and tasty Chinese food.  I ordered the two plate combo, orange chicken and a beef choice.   The two item is enough for two people or two meals in my opinion.   It had been a while since I had been in a Panda Express but if memory serves you could get rice, chow mein or half and half.  For some reason whoever served me that day said they didn't do that  and I had to choose one or the other so I chose chow mein and was charged extra for the rice.  I thought maybe their options had changed so I emailed the company and was told that is definitely not the policy and if I wanted half rice, half chow mein it is included in the price and I shouldn't have been charged.  They were nice enough to send me a free coupon so of course I will frequent this location again but I don't plan on paying extra next time.
3	Appears that they are changing over their staff. Much friendlier than before. They recently replaced Mandarin Chicken with the better tasting Teriyaki Chicken.
4	This Panda Express in the heart of Summerlin, is probably one of the much better ones I've been to in a long time.  I don't get that fast food-y, get in, get out, next person in line feeling that I always get when I visit them in the mall.  This Panda Express is a lot more like a real restaurant.The inside is very inviting, and surprisingly very clean.  The tables and chairs are new, and they actually have leatherette benches for folks to sit on.  The decor is light and open, in no way cheesy or kitschy with too many bright colors like other Panda Express restaurants.  Mind you, we got here right after they opened at 11 AM so the place was pretty empty and hadn't had its lunch rush yet.  Upon inspection of the food line, all on it was super fresh.  The rice and noodles were fresh, all cooked items were fresh and not sitting under the heat lamps for long.  Nothing was soggy, and nothing was dry looking.  Very good sign!  Glad we got there for the early bird rush because the food was actually looking tasty.  And for what it's worth for a Panda Express (home of Americanized 'Chinese' food) my 3-item combo was in great order.Service was friendly with a smile, and I wasn't rushed at all.  With my 3-item combo I got the usual suspects:-Half & Half of Chow Mein and Mixed Vegetables (gotta watch my girlish figure)-Mushroom Chicken (Wok Smart item - under 250 calories a serving!)-Broccoli Beef-Orange Chicken (always in a little take out box for me)I also favor the Sweetfire Chicken Breast, Eggplant Tofu, and Beijing Beef.  Now, Panda Express even serves brown rice at no additional charge!  Great for an after gym meal. Nope, not the most authentic Chinese meal but it was good!  Fresh veggies and meats are key!  The mushrooms weren't mushy, the broccoli still had crunch, the meats were hot, and even my Orange Chicken still had texture.  Definitely one of the best Panda Express meals I've had.  I still like how they include the fortune cookie with every meal.  A nice touch, but of course not very typical Chinese.  Yes, I am part Chinese.  This Panda Express is a bit hidden in the strip mall off of Hualapai and Charleston, but worth the find.  It's much better overall than the Panda Express up the street in the Red Rock Hotel & Casino food court.  Hidden gem for some Chinese-American take-out.
5	Come here all the time. Make sure you ask to taste before you buy. Sometimes it can be a bit dry bc food has been sitting there for some time.
3	I am not a big fan of Panda Express. The food is too sweet and greasy for quality food, let alone Chinese food, and it's overpriced. Since my family likes it, though, I've been to several around town. This particular store always looks clean and inviting, and the staff are friendly.
1	I would give this place zero stars if I could. Currently suffering through food poisoning because I ate their fried rice, orange chicken & honey sesame chicken. I am never eating Panda Express ever again.
1	Paid $10 for honey walnut shrimp entree.  Opened the box and it was filled half way. I was notified that my option would cost $5 more for the entree, not that I would also receive half the amount.
