1	So I have been in need of pool service for my home in the east valley for some time. A friend of mine that works for the City of Mesa referred this company to me as it was posted on the company website. I had initially called on Sat and left a voice mail. I never heard back so I called and left another voice mail a day later. Still no return call. I waited a few more days and called and left another voice mail (3rd One). I have also emailed through the companies website with no response. As of now, I still haven't heard back from this company. Very poor customer service... As a business owner myself, i know that making yourself available to clients and RETURNING phone calls and emails is HUGE, if you want to stay in business.
1	We hired this "company" to maintain a spa at a vacation rental (where he was already maintaining the pool) December 2012. Spa was never maintained, became filthy. In February 2013 we told Seven C's we'd maintain it ourselves. In March 2013 we moved the spa to another rental. In January 2014, we get invoices for maintaining this spa for March, April, and May of 2013. So attentive, he didn't even notice the spa was gone.
3	Seven C's Pool Service takes care of my backyard pool on a weekly basis. I have never had any issues with the services, and the owner is a nice and honest guy to work with. The equipment is always maintained and operating smoothly, filters clean, and water crystal clear. Price is about average for a weekly pool service, but I can always count on my pool and equipment being in top shape.
5	I used Seven C's based on Brian S's review.  I'm not sure why such a great review only warranted 3 stars but I decided to try them anyways.  I am thrilled that I did!!  I called and left a message, the owner of Seven C's promptly returned my call, He was able to come out the following day. He looked over my system thoroughly and told me the impellar was clogged. He unclogged it and blew out a clogged suction line. The pump is working great now. The price was fair and he was not pushy or trying to sell me stuff I didn't need. He seemed very honest and reliable.I even decided to go with a weekly pool service with them. Other places I had called only came out twice a month, for the same price Seven C's said they would come out once a week. I am very happy I decided to use them & I will recommend them in the future.
