4	Finally! A clean market, deli and coffee shop located downtown. Plenty of fresh produce and a selection of packaged goods many of which are from Annie's. There's a decent wine and beer selection and even a MTO sandwhich deli counter as well. For you coffee aficionados, the brand is Stumptown...hailing from good ol' Portland Oregon. If you're not on foot there are several lots nearby and street parking around the corner, most of which are for pay.  If you are a member of El Cortez, Sapphire or higher, the garage across the street is the most convenient and secure. The nice sized patio out front is perfect for you to sit and enjoy your purchases and interact with the local passersby. His/hers public restrooms were clean but the new trend of shared communal sinks/mirrors is weird; likely in place to discourage bathing.This will be my new goto for groceries; sorry Fresh N Easy (and Trader Joes) you're too far away.
3	It's great to have a grocery store downtown. But the selection is not very big, especially with meats, cheese, veggies, eggs, bacon - all the essential foods.
3	Local version of Whole Foods, with an eye-catching exterior mural and outdoor seating. Inside offers a limited handful of grocery store staples, but their focus is on take-and-eat food and beverage, including some alcoholic options.Order at the counter from a menu of sandwiches and sides for breakfast and lunch, grab a juice from a refrigerated case or a coffee from the barista, and visit the cafeteria-style hot foods section to take your lunch or dinner home for later!Friendly service, clean and organized space. Especially love the tables and chairs outside- bonus points for an adjacent parking lot!
3	I wish I could write a better review. I've been waiting for a place like this to open and was pumped to see the market finally open last week. I understand that it's new but still they need to get themselves together. I ordered a sandwich, a flavorless chicken sandwich last week which came on a stale roll. I chocked it up to an opening week mistake. Today I ordered a veggie sandwich, paid for it and then was told their was no eggplant and they could substitute something. I said that would be fine so long as it was veggies. I walked over to the prepared food section and it looked like they had other roasted veggie options. He came back a minute later and told me they were actually out of all the ingredients for the sandwich. How can you be out of all the ingredients for one of your only vegetarian options? I asked if he could just make a sandwich with other veggies and he asked if I could pick  something else on the menu of 6 sandwiches.  I ended up with an ok but overpriced grilled cheese. He didn't offer compensation for clearly an issue that was his fault. Like i said, I want to like this place since right near my office. I'll try back in a few weeks
5	The Market is amazing I was already in love but now I'm over the moon in love. Went in today for my daily Kombucha ($3.69, can't beat the price) and while there recommended to the Manager it would be great if they carried Vegas Allergy Mix (holistic amazing remedy for seasonal allergies) she said she would work on it. 30 mins later I get a post on my FB page that she just got off the phone with them and they will have it in a few weeks. HOLY COW... Thanks for blowing my mind! Happy Dance... Happy Dance!
5	Hours are 7a to 10p Awesome alcohol selection!Cute hot food barLots of organic options and good produce optionsCute lil pie and macaroon options too
5	AMAZING and COZY!  Dude it's perfect!  It's the only market in ALL Downtown and it's all natural foods...so blessed im affiliated with this company!  DOWNTOWN LAS VEGAS PROJECT ROCKS!  Ask for Ellyn, Sonia or Dylan...tell them I sent you for treats!!!'
5	This is a much needed and much appreciated store for our downtown!  Every time I walk in I'm greeted by an employee they are always smiling and friendly!  The store is just a month old but seems to fit right in the area!
1	This establishment is very obviously ill-equipped for a lunch crowd larger than five people. The ticketing system for the deli is essentially non-existent, creating unbelievable mis-management and disorganization. The cashier would deliver people's orders while there was a long line of people waiting to order and pay; the people supposedly making the food were obviously just wondering around behind the counter, completely lost on how to prepare something from their maximum eight-item menu. The real kicker was that I ordered a $7 grilled cheese sandwich that I waited 15 minutes for (I decided to give them the benefit of the doubt since there was a "rush") before going back up to the counter to check on it. They completely forgot about my order, but informed me that  they "just put it in the oven" and it would be another 15 minutes. At this point I had spent 25 minutes in this grocery store, with 10 minutes in line just to order, and asked for a refund. They, for some reason, could not process a refund back to my debit card, and therefore had to give me cash. At this point the manager had stepped in to finish the transaction, but was so detached from the situation that he didn't even ask if there was a problem, just handed me cash and moved on with his day. While I wasn't able to actually get my deli food and review it, some of my coworkers actually received theirs, and felt it was mediocre at best. One of their sandwiches was even missing one of the main ingredients (avocado), and the other's food came cold. On a higher note, one of my coworkers really enjoys their mini pecan pies , so there's that.It's really unfortunate that this is the only grocery store downtown. Hopefully they get it together in the next few months. If not, you're much better off at the ever-wonderful Sprouts, or if you're ok with spending The Market prices, your money is much better spent at Whole Foods.
5	Nice addition to this part of town as a local its nice to grab some snacks on way to container park amazing desserts!!!!! love the set up !!!
1	We just moved to downtown Vegas and were thrilled that the Market's opening would beautifully coordinate with our arrival.  That enthusiasm didn't last long.  1) the selection is extremely limited. Very few fresh veggies and nothing organic.  No dark roast coffee.  We wanted to support local and figured it would take a little time for the Market to get adjusted to the locals and our needs.  So we tried again, but then the real kicker, 2) the service is terrible!  My husband, (who is 48 with a full head of mostly gray hair), went in to buy beer yesterday.  They carded him which I find surprising, but then they would not accept his CT drivers license that the the NV DMV punched because his new NV license is scheduled to arrive within 5-7 days.  Really?!?
3	Something sorely missing in downtown, a market.I will admit I came here a few days after it opened but I expected more.  The deli counter wasn't fully functional when I was there.  They did have a nice hot and cold food bar for a per pound rate that included some tasty looking chicken. It reminded me of the corner markets in NYC that I used to go to for lunch during work.The prices are, as expected, higher than you would pay at most grocery stores but not outrageously so.I am hopeful that, when they are up and running at full capacity, this rating will go up but for now, it is still A-ok in my book and a welcome addition to Fremont East.
1	Every day it becomes worse and worse. No fresh vegetables, no organic eggs. The Market is turning slowly into Walgreens that is right around the corner.
2	So I gave 2 stars because it's a cool concepts they lost one star by not greeting or giving any direction I was lost and confused on when I got to the salad bars , 1 star lost because the salad is horrible tasting I think it's the meat , out was the buffalo chicken , I think it would taste better if it was plain , another is the lady walking around measuring , did not excuse her self , no one even said hi to me or even acknowledge that I was there , this is a market and in a market there is personality and this place lacked it !
4	Hanging out in Vegas is only expensive if you do it wrong- classic symptoms of "doing it wrong" include:1. Booking a hotel on the Strip2. Paying for well drinks in a casino3. Only eating at sit-down restaurants4. Paying for parking. I've made seeking out free parking a game, and it's wonderful how much money you save/ few more miles of exercise you get per week! The Market helps out with Numbah 3, and it does it well. The price for the per-pound salad and prepared food bar was 7.99 when I visited, fresh fruit was perfectly ripe, and the customer service was wonderful. They could improve their produce selection- no limes or lemons for hacking into serviceable wedges with whatever blunt instrument one finds in the hotel room. I liked the mini pecan tart, but their cannoli filling was not so great.  Will definitely come back next time I'm in the neighborhood!
4	Finally! - A grocery store in downtown Las Vegas!  I don't live down there but I know lots of people who do and I'm sure they are super happy about not having to take the highway to the grocery anymore.  The Market is small but adequate for anyone living downtown.  They carry mostly organic items, fresh produce, and a fairly small frozen section (which is probably better anyway).  The best part is the deli with made or order sandwiches, a buffet with breakfast in the morning & lunch type food in the afternoons.  They also have a dessert case - usually cheesecake, cupcakes... the normal stuff but they look delicious!   I noticed that the prices were a bit high ($5.49 for a small box of Ritz crackers.. say whaaattt??) but I suppose it evens out when you factor in the gas you are saving not driving to the grocery store.  Overall, it's a cute little store with everything the downtowners need!
5	Thank Goddess for this place! It' s New Year's Day and every "traditional" eatery has insane lines,so we walked. Right across the street from the El Cortez, near Container Park is this amazing gem .Excellent, fresh food, perfectly prepared, with quite generous portions, for a reasonable price.The employees feel like friends already.I am certainly coming back.Uber YUM !!!
4	Pretty cool market that recently opened up just before you enter The Container Park in downtown Las Vegas. It reminds me of a miniature version of Whole Foods with similar price points.They have interesting snacks if you ever get the munchies. Lots of brands I have never seen before. Original and innovative? Perhaps. There's also a mini hot & cold foods bar with a cafe like atmosphere that also has a pastry case & fresh baked bread as well. A trendy looking mini-market that's worth a look around.
3	While it's nice to see a grocery store like this it is not for it to be overpriced and having it offering baguettes aged to be as hard as broom stick.
