3	I've been on the hunt for a higher caliber car wash for some time now, and I'm hoping Desert Auto Spa will be my new spot. I'm a residential real estate agent, so I have to get my car washed very regularly - it's just expected.  My first visit was yesterday, and all-in-all, the car wash was better than previous car washes I've had elsewhere!The sales man who first took my order was a bit pushy (read: annoying), and even though I've gotten used to that tactic, I knocked off a star just for that.  Once I insisted on the wash type I wanted - Works Wash - I went inside and paid a reasonable price.  SIDE NOTE: Visit their website beforehand and print out their coupons.  The coupons on the website all have expiration dates in 2008, but Desert Auto Spa still accepts them.  Woohoo!I watched the employee who dried and cleaned my car, too.  He seemed much more diligent at his job than others I've watched elsewhere, and the quality of car wash proved it!  I'll be back again for sure.
4	I have driven by this place a hundred times until the other day my Yelp mobile app showed they had a Yelp Deal so I decided to check them out! Very nice staff and the carwash was high quality for the price.
1	So, I went here a couple weeks ago, paid $30 for a "hand wash", and I could not be less happy with the service.  First, the wash (if you could even call it that) missed several spots on the hood, the door handles and all of the inside molding of the doors (blatant areas where dirt was clearly visible).  After watching my car sit in the line for about 30 minutes, it was then hastily washed and "wiped down" within 5 minutes.  The lady who was wiping the car down, was nice enough to stand ON my seats (which are a light colored leather) to wipe the roof of the car.  So now I have beautiful black scuff marks from shoes on all 4 of my seats.  The dirt that was left from the insufficient was carefully rubbed into the paint, scratching it in 2 different places.  And I specifically asked for no interior dressing, which they applied generously all over the inside of the vehicle.  So I arrived with a dirty car, and left with a car that had been scuffed up inside, scratched on the outside, and streaked with water marks and left over residual dirt.  When I wanted to speak to a manager, surprise there was not one on site.  Crap establishment, shitty employees who don't care for others' property and sub par service (that is being generous). Bottom line, I'd rather buy all the cleaning supplies and withstand the 100+ summer heat and do it myself. It would be less expensive and a much better end result.  I'm sure that a retarded quadriplegic could have done a better job than the incompetent employees at that establishment.
5	I have been taking my car here for washes for 2 years.  This is the best car wash place I have been to.  I would highly recommend it!  The prices are very reasonable, the staff is always offering me coupons same day to use, the car wash itself is great, the staff is extremely friendly, and I don't feel they are overly pushy for sales like some other car washes. Today, however, I had a new experience.  I lost my cell phone while I was there.  It was an extremely busy Saturday afternoon at a car wash, as you can imagine it would be.  You wouldn't have known it based on how the entire staff, including the owner, treated me.  They all helped me search  to find my phone.  I could not ask for better service than that!  =)
3	I had my F-350 detailed yesterday.  $200 detail seemed about right for a big dirty truck.  Estimated time was 2 hours. Actual time about 4 hours, but I kind of expected that due to the amount of work they had.  No qualms there.When I got my truck back, it was much, much cleaner.  It was dark by that time, so I didn't notice a few spots they missed on the inside (not blatantly obvious spots).  I took the truck back this morning to request they fix the few spots.  The lady at the wash said she was not happy with the level of detail her guys went into, so they are redoing the interior tomorrow.  While somewhat inconvenient, I applaud her honesty and dedication to get the job done right.  Her willingness to accept the mistakes and work to correct them will earn my business next time I need my truck detailed.The employees seem friendly.  The greeter, as someone else yelped, was somewhat insistent that I pay an extra $100 then discounted down to $60 for a paint sealant.  Pretty much the industry standard I think.Once they redo the interior I think the service would be 4 stars, and if they had it right the first time I would have given a 5.
4	Always had great service here.     Take my van here for a wash and had detail done in the past along with hand wax, they did a GREAT job, I have 4 kids, and they got it really clean!  Love the coupons they have occasionally, too!
2	Great price for a decent and quick car wash.  Love the location sadly I won't be going back since all of the quarters disappeared out of my console while they were washing / detailing it.  Not a feel good to be tipping someone that has already tipped themselves.
3	They did a good job cleaning my car.  However, they tried to up-sell me to a much more expensive package, and told me my carpeting was really bad and needed to be cleaned.  How rude.  But it was a good carwash and was in-line price-wise with the carwashes nearby.
1	All I can say is wow!!! To give you some perspective of how much I dislike this place, I am writing this from my phone in the waiting room. For starters I drive up and I am looking at the prices on the signs above. An employee (I am assuming the manager) approaches and asks what I would like. I ask for the exterior wash because my interior is clean. He looks at me like I am the cheapest customer in the world and rolls his eyes at me. I have a Chevrolet Tahoe with nice rims and he explains with much sarcasm in his voice that if I don't do a hand wash he's not buying me new rims. Thanks buddy! That's exactly what I expected, you to pay me $6000 when I got a $6 wash. Long story short the guy was extremely rude. So I walk into the waiting room, the couch and bar stools were full with customers. The only vacant seats are 2 massage chairs in the corner. There is a slot to pay money and receive a massage, but there is no visible sign expressing the requirement to pay to sit in the chairs. After sitting in the chair for about 30 seconds, an extremely loud alarm starts going off throughout the entire building (inside and outside). The same rude employee comes speed walking in, on a mission from god yelling at me to pay or get out of the chairs... ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!! Not only is that completely ridiculous to have chairs armed with alarms, but this guy actually enjoys yelling at people to get out of the chairs.At this point I go straight to my phone to warn the Yelp Community about this horrible employee that only a horrible business would employ. So as I start typing the same employee starts conversing with the guy restocking the refreshments and word for word says " you like that alarm? I put that s#@t on there so mother f*#@ers, can't sit in the chairs unless they pay me". 5 minutes later a little kid, maybe 6 years old has the same thing happen to him. Scared the kid senseless, and the employee didn't mind this one bit. Long story short this man should be fired immediately, I will never go back to the car wash as long as I live regardless of if he is fired or not. Oh ya and my car wash was horrible. My car was still soaking wet when I picked it up. Horrible
1	I've been here 6 times now and tried their most expensive wash, their cheapest wash, and most of the in-betweens.First off I think the place is extremely overpriced - they definitely seem to want to turn away the "under $25 car wash" customers.The first two times I went the washes took 70 minutes to complete.  It was a busy Saturday afternoon, but an hour and ten minutes seems a bit excessive to me.  If I wanted to spend that kind of time getting my car washed I would have done it myself.One of the last times I went I was preparing for a trip to Vegas where I knew I was going to be the only driver shuttling 15 people from the airport and back, so I put my industrial-strength rubber mats (for camping) in the car.  I paid a few bucks extra to have them cleaned so I could at least enjoy a clean car on the way up, but about half way to Vegas I realized they never put the mats back in my car.Yes, I probably should have checked for the mats, but it didn't occur to me that they would take them out, wash them right next to the car, and then somehow neglect to put them back in.  When I got back from my trip I went back in to retrieve my mats and the guy tried to sell me an interior cleaning because my floors were wrecked from shuttling that many people around.  Fuck you, buddy.To give you an idea - I live in the apartments right behind this place and choose to drive a few miles away to get my car washed rather than patronize this business.
1	This place is terrible.  I've gone here a few times before today and didn't have the greatest experience but wanted to give it another try.  First off, Maurice, the guy who stands in front and asks what kinda wash you want, tries to upsell the crap out of you.  He wont take no for an answer.  After turning him down 5 times for this $95 package he was trying to sell me he basically looked at me like I was a moron and walked away pouting that I only wanted the $25 hand wash package.  He came back with my ticket and didn't say another word to me.  This package was supposed to be a full wash and clean, inside and out.  After I leave the place I realize not only did they not wipe down anything inside my car, they didn't even give me the air freshener that comes with the package.  Now that I think about it, when I told Maurice for the 5 time I only wanted the $25 package, not the $95 package, he never spoke to me again to ask what kind of air freshener I wanted.  Instead he walked away disgusted that I I didn't go for his sales pitch on the $95 wash.  I've heard that Maurice actually might be the owner of the place which would be a shame.  This guy will not let you get the wash you want unless you want to risk getting crappy service and a half a$$ wash.  The 2nd time I ever went there he was trying to upsell me to the hand wash.  I asked if it took longer than the regular wash, he said no so I went with it.  As I'm sitting in the waiting room waiting for my car I notice that 3 cars that came in behind me opted for the regular wash and were all done and gone before my car was ready.  This guy will tell you anything to get you spend more money and add on as many upgrades as possible.  I know his job is to try and sell the upgrades but this guy is pushy, rude and basically treats you like crap if you don't do what he wants.I officially will never be going back to the place and would not recommend that anyone else does either.
1	I used to go to this car wash every other week.  The staff was friendly, the car wash was pretty good & pricing was in line with most other car washes.  Over the last 6 months the staff has gone down hill & so has the wash quality.  I drive a 2002 Nissan Xterra & I am reasonable with my expectations of going to a car wash.  I realize I will always spend about 30 minutes at home touching up the missed spots as no car wash gets your car clean to the way you like it.  With that said the job they have done is terrible!  I went there this last Saturday, my car was really dirty & covered in dirt so I actually went to a self service carwash prior to going here & I spent $5 spraying down my car & the underbelly so that it wouldn't be as difficult to clean.  When I got to the carwash the first thing the gentleman that approached my car asked was "did you already clean your car" & I explained that I just washed it down but need a full cleaning.  I paid $25 for an upgrade job along with the usual $1 oversize vehicle fee.  When they finished my car I gave a $5 tip & left.  All in all I spent $31 at this car wash.  When I got home & went over my car I was astounded at how much visible dirt there still was on my car.  The door jams looked like they were not even wiped down.  I ended up spending TWO HOURS re-cleaning my car to get it to the level I expect when I am paying $31.  Not to mention when you're waiting for your car they have one couch, a couple table top seats, & two massage chairs that specifically state don't sit here unless paying for a massage.  Seriously....I was shocked the first time I saw they added these chairs.  People are already paying for a service & now your trying to nickle & dime them for more.  This place has gone extremely down hill, I have been a customer there for over 4 years now & I am done.  This was my last car wash & I will find somewhere else to go.  And to make things worse the quality used to be good enough that I lived right across the street & I moved a year ago about 5 miles down the road & yet I continued going here because the service was good, now its not worth my time or effort as a consumer to go here.
1	Terrible service, the sales attendants are idiots and the auto glass guys are no better.  The owner of Hayden Auto Spa might want to get with it and realize their credibility is at zero.  Over the past year I have had my car washed 4 times, every time the same story of how I should spend $100 or $200.  I would come back if the ownership changed their staff, policies, and removed the auto glass attendants (they don't make the business that much money anyways).
3	At the end of the day this place does a decent enough job of washing your car, but man are they pushy! I mean, I get that in AZ where people have to wash there cars religiously that people who work at car washes are essentially salesmen/women, but after declining any sort of upgrade a couple times be done with trying to up-sale me and just let me get my basic wash! The waiting area here is spacious, clean, & you can even get a 5 min chair massage for a buck, but at the end of the day the car wash is all that matters, and like I said they do a decent enough job. I wish I would have realized BEFORE I had paid though that if you check in on Yelp you can save three bucks (there's other Yelp discounts as well), but oh well. I just recently moved back to AZ from the Bay Area where "these" kind of car washes are generally $15-20, so $11.99 didn't sound all that bad, but then again, I just came here with my mom who always uses this place, so I'm sure I could have found something else relatively close by for the just as cheap. Truth be told, I just think car washes like this are a ripoff in general, and I prefer going to the do-it-yourself places with the different wash setting hoses & vacuums, so this 3-star review for a car wash with (very) push salesmen is probably generous. Like I said, you can get a decent enough wash, though...
2	The wash is a good one but they would honor my yelp check in offer and a letter is missing on the back of my SUV and they didn't offer to call me if it turns up!
5	I took my car here for a complete detail before I sold it. The did a very thorough job, excellent service. The next day I noticed that the roof rack on my car had accumulated a bunch or dirt and other stuff. I removed the roof rack and took the car back the next day and they spent another 45 minutes recleaning everything. No questions asked! Very impressed!
3	I was a very loyal client here for 5 years but after today I refuse to go back there every again!!! The people outside do a wonderful job cleaning your car but the inside staff is horrible!!! There is one big thing that workers should NEVER ever talk about and that is politics because you NEVER know the views of your clients!!! I sat there listening as the front desk lady talked about political events with another customer who she seemed to know, even mentioning that she is surprised that the president hasn't been shot yet! Everyone has there own beliefs and I support you to do believe what you want but not while you are working and representing your company!!! For this I will NEVER go back here and will seek getting my car washed elsewhere!
1	These people don't care, don't do a good job! I went here once before go get my car detailed, & when I went to get in my car was sticky with what ever they spray inside on the dash & steering wheel. Lightly wiped over the spots on the inside of my door, left dust spots all over. It's a VERY LAZY JOB! I asked to speak to a manager and he cleaned after I complained. So I went back today after not going there for about 2 months, nothing changed, the doors never got cleaned, the floor still had dirt after they vaccumed,water spots all over the outside. (Quickest wipe down ever, and it showed) dust in every corner. Horrible wipe down job inside & out! So this time, I didn't talk to a manager or anyone, I walked over and grabbed towns and cleaned the inside of my car (all the places they were to lazy to wipe with a bit of elbow grease behind it) to get the stuff off my interior! Nobody said or word, or offered to help, or ask me if I was displeased (welll obviously) I will never go back. I suggest if you want your car or truck actually clean, take it some place else.
2	I brought my car in for a quick hand wash before a car show. The gentleman there suggested a deal of a hand wash and wax for a great price which I accepted. The hand was wash fine, exactly what was expected but the wax left much to be desired. Upon inspection of the job, I needed to point out an entire 1 ft section of the front bumper that they missed as well as a few spots on the fenders.  But after that, everything looked alright. When I returned home after the show that weekend, I noticed a ton of wax left in cracks and between panels. I needed to go over my car fully with my own towels to get the remaining wax off the car. They also got wax on my plastic trim which they tried to cover up with an armor all type spray they had. If your looking for an ok hand wash, this place is just ok.... Don't get a wax from them. Spend the extra buck and have a higher end location do it.
