2	Typical "factory style" location and really expensive. When I say factory style I mean you come in sign your name wait for one of the 12 pedicure stations or 10 manicure stations to open up. You sit down. order off of a "menu" and there you go. I'm kind of spoiled when it comes to nail salons because my place in San Diego is the best. I also felt like I was betraying them but I was in town for a wedding. Got basic pedi nothin special but holy hell lady gave me like a 10 minute foot massage on each foot. I was in massage heaven. That alone was worth $20 of the $25 for the pedi. The manicure was also okay but when it came down to it, it was expensive. They also charge extra for EVERYTHING. Do you want a foot scrub that normally comes in your pedicure? It was something like $10 extra. Do you want a french? $5. How about a flower? $5. It was kind of crazy. Also, although the massage felt the nice, the lotion they used smelled like fish. I had to go home and wash my hands. Last, my polish on my toes came off almost immediately. What's with that? It was decent for a stop over while in az and satisfied my wedding needs, but does it beat my regular place in San Diego? Nope. People of AZ look elsewhere.
5	I've been getting my nails done here for over a year. After trying out dozens of nail salons in North Scottsdale I like this one the best. In response to the previous review, I guess you could call it "factory style" in the way it's set up. There are a dozen pedicure chairs and manicure tables. You do walk in a sign your name on a list, which is really quite typical of any nail salon unless you're at a boutique salon. If you don't have an appointment with a nail tech you will go with the next available person. And yes, you do pick your pedicure off a menu but the menu provides a description of what each pedicure consists of.Onto my review...I've always gotten a great pedicure and manicure here. Some nail techs are better than others but overall you will get a good service. Their pedicures are AMAZING! The basic pedicure does not come with any bells and whistles, you get a cut, polish change and massage. When you order the "extras" a la carte it gets expensive which is why you should get one of their other pedicures. All the other pedicures come with salt scrubs, callous removal etc. The more they offer, the more expensive they get but I think it's worth it. They massage your feet and legs for 10 minutes, sometimes longer, and it's heavenly. You also get a 10 minute neck rub after your pedicure. I always feel so relaxed and pampered there. The Luxury pedicure is my usual ($36) but the Green Tea pedicure is my favorite and the most expensive. I treat myself to that every now and then.They offer many types of nail treatments, from your basic manicure, to acrylics to gels and now they have Shellac and Geleration. Don't quote me, but I think it's $40 for a full set of acrylic, $30 for fills (maybe less). It may be a little more expensive than other salons, however if you're not happy they will fix it free of charge. Also, this goes for any nail salon, if you're not happy with how your nails look WHILE they are being done, SPEAK UP! Its better to let them know while they are in the process of doing it rather then sitting there stewing about it. In my experience, they're usually happy to fix it although some have been a little snippy. (But who cares! You're the customer!)They also do waxing. I've had my eye brows done here once and didn't really care for them, I prefer my usual waxer for this. Another aspect that is VERY important to me is cleanliness. They are very hygienic. They disinfect the pedicure chair tub before every pedicure and any tools they use are disinfected and put in sterile packaging. They even wear gloves when they do callous removal! I've never had any issues regarding hygiene at this salon. No fungus for me, thank you very much!As for walk ins vs. appointments its up to you. Since everyone there provides good quality service I just walk in. Depending on when you go, you may wait a long time to get in if you don't have an appointment (especially on the weekends) but usually its no more than 10 minutes.
4	I am so happy to have found a salon so close to home.It's busy as heck in here but there is plenty of room - I normally do not look for the fluff in a salon. I like to get it and out.But I will say the 10-15 minute foot massage on each foot was enough to make me drool and take more time to enjoy!Great menu of choices that are value-priced - 25 for a basic pedicure.WOW I will be back!(PS - I hope to get a great recipe for Vietnamese Pho from them on the next visit!)
5	I have tried out a number of places in the past few years - for me, it's pedicure primarily.I walked in, no appointment, which was nice. Yes, they were busy however NEVER made me feel as though they were clock watching to rush through to get to the next person.Yes, the tip is via cash or check but I honestly don't understand why some reviewers took issue with this. To me, this is common courtesy.I found everyone to be very friendly and the massage chairs are amazing.  The fact that you get the sheer amount of pampering for what is, in my personal opinion, a very reasonable price makes this an exceptional value.VERY clean and hygienic environment. The foot massage & sea salt scrub with massage had me about ready to doze off it was heavenly! Mary was very personable - highly recommend! My new place for pedicures.
5	Best place in Scottsdale to get a pedicure!  Super clean, thorough job and they even give you a neck and shoulder massage
5	I've been coming here for a few years now and I have always had EXCELLENT pedicures here.  I always get the upgraded pedi and they do  such a great massage I almost feel bad because it's so long!  And you also get a mini neck rub afterwards with you get your manicure. My french pedis from here always last at least 3 weeks!I also get acrylic overlay and both the owner and Kimberly do such a great job! No bubbles here!  The best part is I've never had to wait more than 5 minutes even as a walk in.  Check them out!
5	What a great place!  Came in before a wedding while the baby was sleeping...wasn't sure I'd have time to get both my nails and toes done before the dredded awakening!  They were nice enough to do both at the same time.  And when the baby woke up the girl doing my nails rushed so that I could hold him.  Since my hands were occupied she gave me a shoulder rub instead of a hand massage.  They did a great job and the service was excellent.  Glad to make it a regular spot.
5	Great place; I took my mom for fingers and toes, she almost fell asleep!  Very relaxing and excellent work!
1	Don't bother with upgrading past the luxury manicure. Not worth it! I went with two friends and they got the luxury and I got the deluxe. No difference! The owner tried telling me that I got a longer massage which is a lie because we all were done together. They also rush a lot more when they have customers waiting. I get different service every time. The gal who did my mani/pedi was very nice.
5	Best. Pedicure. Ever.-The most luxurious, comfortable massage chair I've sat in.-The longest pedicure I've ever had.-Add the sea salt scrub for an additional $7 - you essentially get TWO leg massages!-Very affordable-Nice, friendly staff-CLEAN
1	I have NEVER in my life had as bad of an experience at a nail salon in my life.  My daughter had been getting her nails done here for the past few months.  Though I didn't think they did the best job, it was very conveniently located to my house.  This weekend we arrived for our nails and they were completely not ready for us and were quite rude.  She needed a fill and instead covered her acrylic nails with gel on top.  They looked horrible and started peeling that night!  When I went in to have her nails fixed they were awful..... I want everyone to be warned!!! I have never written a poor yelp review but felt so compelled this time!!!!
4	Ok - an update to my review from a year ago. I went back to the salon for a fill - I thought I would keep a careful eye on the tech, be sure not to get the same person, and be wary of how it was done - plus it is much harder to mess up a fill than a new full set of pink and white which does take some skill. The tech's name was Casey (!) and she did a lovely job. And much to my surprise when I left the owner (? Manager?) Tammy came over and asked to speak with me. She apologized for my bad experience and said I should have asked to speak with her. I was very impressed that she remembered my posting here from more than a YEAR ago (!!!) and she also gave me a certificate for a free full set, which offset the cost of that bad experience from before. I will still be careful to watch the techs here because I do not know enough of them well enough to make a blanket judgement about the overall skill set, but it's encouraging to know that management's heart is in the right place and that there was some concern and a real effort to make up for a bad experience. I am leaving my past post up for a bit so people who may have read it recently can see there has been a change of heart, but I will eventually delete it and give this business a chance for a fresh start - I will certainly report to Tammy if I am unhappy in future, as it's apparent she cares about her clients! And I want to say again that Casey did a lovely job - my nails looked super and I was very pleased, she was fast, courteous, and checked in with me from time to time to be sure I was happy. Kudos for Casey!I also want to mention that if you wish to tip your tech be sure to bring cash, as they do not allow tipping via credit card. I embarrassed myself by not having enough for a good tip.
5	You get your dollar's worth when you visit Luster! The gel manicure and pedicure was a little pricier then other mom and pop nail shops, but the service was above and beyond and made it worth every penny! I started with my pedicure. With the combination of the high-end massage chair and 30 minute leg massage, I wanted to purr and meow like a cat! Yes, I was just that comfortable. The technician spent a lot of time on my pedicure and payed close attention to the detail. She then did the salt scrub with an extensive massage on each leg, followed by the lotion with yet another massage to each leg! After two massages, my legs were in heaven! After my blissful pedicure, I moved over to the manicure station for a gel manicure. The gel manicure is similar to gel manicures at other salons, but they also include a neck and shoulder massage! It was delightful...well except for the ending when she started pounding on my back. Next time, I think I will ask her to stop the massage before the pounding starts. My sensitive back was sore after that! In addition to the neck and shoulder massage, they also give a hand massage. I left the salon with pretty nails and also a nicely limbs! It was the great way to spend a rainy day. This nail salon is clean, friendly and pays close attention to detail. Don't visit if you are in a hurry because they certainly take their time, but it's a great location for a long and leisurely spa appointment!
5	I had a fantastic pedicure and manicure.  The place was clean, friendly and professional.  Roxy gave a great foot massage. She also did a super job of exfoliating all of the dead and dry skin. Lana was very meticulous on my nails. She really took her time and made sure I liked the finished product. The prices were very reasonable. I will continue to have my nails done there.
5	First time here today because my regular manicurist is out of town. I was at loss on where to go. So I checked the reviews on Yelp and the reviews were all good. I am so glad I came here. I went to another place last week for a backfill and was not impressed. Today I needed a pedicure. Kim was my manicurist today. I was so pleased. Kim was so nice and attentive and friendly. I didn't have "the works" but I opted for #2 on their price list. My pedicure lasted 1 1/2 hrs! I have gels on my toes so I know that takes extra time but I had a leg and foot massage. I was in heaven. Then I received a back/neck massage also. I also liked this place because it wasn't a bunch of gossiping busy body's (staff and clients) so this place was much quieter and calmer than most places I have been in the past. If you are looking for a place to go then try this place. I'm sure you won't be disappointed.
4	As a man, I don't think there are many things more masculine than a pedicure. Honestly, a young woman, kneeling before me, cleaning my feet.... I feel like a king. I came here with my wife based on the other Yelpers reviews. Far and away my favorite part of a Pedi is the massage, and here you def get a bang for your buck. I had the most basic Pedicure, and got a killer massage. If you can make it up to Pima and the 101, and have about 45 minutes for a Pedicure, this is the place to go
5	This is my go-to place for a pedicure. For many years I tried out the various resorts around Scottsdale and Phoenix. Once I found this place I never went back to any of them. The experience here is addictive. The pedicures generally last 1 hr and 15 min and always include an neck massage at the end. There is a really long leg and foot massage during the pedicure. The price is reasonable for what you get. I always get the 'luxury pedicure' and say no to the upgrades like paraffin wax. The chairs are massage chairs too. Another nice thing is that you never have to call for an appointment. They have so many employees working and stations available that the most I have ever waited has been about 10 minutes but usually I don't wait at all. They will discount prices for children and there are often little girls getting services with their moms. Lots of men frequent the place too. As mentioned by another reviewer - bring cash for the tip.
5	This has been my go to nail place for years. I always have a great experience here. The staff takes their time with each service and they do extra long massages.. That right there makes it stand apart from most places! They keep everything very clean and I have never seen anything gross here and I am pretty picky. I also feel like my pedis last extra long when I go hereJust remember to bring cash for tips as they don't add it to cards
5	Katie is wonderful. Takes her time and always does a wonderful job! Prices are good too!
4	This is my girlfriend's go to place for pampering every time she's in Scottsdale, so of course we came here for our pedis.Even though we didn't make an appointment, they were able to fit us in right away. We picked our colors and sat down in the massage chairs while they filled the foot baths for us. We both went with the basic pedi which included nail shaping, massage and polish application. It was probably one of the best pedis I've gotten. It was a full foot/leg massage and my feet were buffed and smooth all over - not just the heels like most times I get a pedi.It only cost ~$40 including tip, and my pedi stayed fresh (no polish chips at all) for 3 weeks.
4	This is a nice, new and clean nail salon. They give a good pedicure and are generous with the leg massage. The manicures are good and basic. They have plenty of colors to choose from but do not always have the latest, trendiest colors. They do offer lots of nail art options too. The brow wax is good, but it depends on who you get. It can really vary, so if you find someone you like, ask for them the next wax service.My one huge compliant with this salon is that the staff is not friendly and they up sell you the entire time of your service. If I want a basic pedicure, they start being pushy selling me the other pedicures pkgs. that are more expensive. They do the same when you just want a brow wax. They start trying to sell me an upper lip wax, which I don't need as my hair is blonde and light there. I just wish I could go into the salon and get the basic service, or what I can afford that day, and then relax without having to say no to all the selling. I appreciate trying to max your business but if a person declines, move on. A basic service is still business.
5	The first thing my friend and noticed when we came for pedicures is that this place didn't have the chemical salon smell. It was really nice. Very clean and the 20 minute massages really are 20 minutes. Best pedicure I've had.
5	Very nice staff, excellent selection of colors in regular polish and gel.  I got the gel mani and cucumber pedi and it looks fantastic.
4	I just moved here a week ago and after lots of unpacking, my hands and feet needed some attention.  Based on other yelp reviews and location, I had originally attempted to stop in at Scottsdale Nails without an appointment.  I showed up exactly when they opened at 10am on a Sunday, and was told it would be an hour+ wait.  Luster Nail and Spa was just a few minutes away, so they were my second stop, and I am glad that it worked out because they did a fantastic job! I walked in to Luster and it was busy, but quiet. I was seated immediately. I wasn't able to catch the name of the girl who did my pedicure, but she did a great job.  And she did not rush the leg massage.  It was wonderful. Sandy did my gel manicure and I really liked her a lot. Nice conversation, but not overly chatty.  My nails look great! The salon is clean.  The chairs are comfortable.  And the staff that I saw today all seemed very nice. This is a tad long winded, but being from the Midwest, pedicures back home are a bit different.  I am used to paying close to $40 and just having everything done.  Apparently out this way, pedicures start around $25 and then having things like callus removal are extra money (usually around $7).  That is fine - but it is something that I wasn't aware of until today.  They will try to up-sell you because that is their job, but at no point did I feel overly pressured to purchase an additional service I didn't want.  I paid a total of $62 today ($30-Manicure $25-Pedicure $7-Callus removal). Also new to me is that tipping is not an option on cards, so be sure to have cash with you (luckily I did).  The only reason that I gave 4 stars and not 5 was because I had requested that they match my gel manicure polish with a non-gel pedicure polish.  Maybe the lighting was off, or maybe the girl at the front desk was rushed, but in the end they don't match (my fingernails are pink, and my toenails have more of an orange tint - both look good though!).  I would suggest that if you are doing the same, do what you can to make sure that your polish is closer in shade similarity than mine was.  But clearly this is not enough of a deterrent to keep me from returning.  I really enjoyed my time at Luster today and plan to go back.
3	Hmmm. They definitely did a good job. I will say that. But although it wasn't crowded, their bedside manner left something to be desired. I liked that they were efficient, but they just were not particularly friendly or concerned with my comfort which was a little bit of a bummer. It's so rare for me to get to the nail salon, I really want to sit back and relax. Strange and limited color selection.  Very reasonable prices.
1	I met a girlfriend for an impromptu pedi. I Yelped his place before making the appointments. It was okay, nothing special, my pedi is chipping one week later, and the same goes for my gel manicure. I have my cosmetology license and almost always do my own nails, let this be a reminder of why I do my own. I would definitely not recommend this salon.
2	I thought I would try someplace different than my regular place, and boy was I disappointed.  Not only was it 50% more expensive than the place I go to 2 miles away, their service was less than stellar.  The pedi was the worst I have ever had, and the nail tech wasn't all that attentive.   I won't be going back.
5	Super clean! Nice attendants that don't try to over sell you. Great massages with the mani/pedi. Reasonably priced.
4	I love how whenever I come here, I always leave pleased. My nails look perfect and they last for a long time. Also when you get your nails done, you want a nice massage. This place will massage you for ten minutes each leg. The service is always quick and fast and I always can get in. I would recommend luster for your next nail destination.
1	READ THIS BEFORE EVER GOING TO THIS SALON-I am a business owner in the beauty industry so when I decided to try out this nail salon near my new home, I have certain expectations. In the service industry it is all about customer service. Also Especially after reading their "great reviews". When I arrived At Luster nail salon on 10/4/14 at 5:00pm for a gel manicure and regular pedicure the owner/front desk woman was cold, short and uninviting. She was not veery directive and I could tell not attentive at all. The salon didn't close until 6pm so there was no reason for her to have a "checked out" attitude. The man who started my gel manicure was very nice- Savign I believe was his name, he had confidence so I believed he would do a good job. After finishing my gel manicure it was so sloppy, my cuticles had uneven gel polish, it looked like i already needed them done again, when he applied the polish it was to thick and uneven, my nails were not shiny, and the sides looked like my child tried to paint them. The tip on some of my nails wasn't painted so it looked like it was chipped. I mentioned the tips to him once he finished and instead of fixing it he tried to file my nails to blend it. The lady Tara who started my toes gave me dirty looks, didn't listen to my requests, and extremely rough. She cut & filed down my toe nails so far you can see the skin that attaches to your toe nails, I told her it was hurting and she just looked at me and kept going. Extremely frustrating. Once she finished my toes I had polish(that i brought myself)  all over my cuticles on the sides, bottom.. JUST EVERYWHERE. She rushed through everything and I could tell she just wanted to go home, bc my nails weren't even finished drying before she packed her bags and let the salon. Very unprofessional. I never saw her pull a pool from a sanitized bag. Gross! Once I got home i showed my husband my nails and he was appalled, and told me I need to go back and have them redone. SO i did just that on 10/5/14 at 12:00pm. I called the salon, when the owner answered I told her my situation " I was in the night before and I would like a redo because my nails were sloppy, I would like someone good to redo them so it doesn't happen again" Her response was " I don't know if we can do that, I need to see them first, everyone here is good" In my mind I'm thinking" no sorry if everyone was good, i wouldn't have to come in to get them redo" Once i came into the salon I waled up to the owner/front desk and told her I was here for the redo... She was so rude and argued with me for 5 minutes telling me there was nothing wrong with my nails and she would not redo them. What type of owner argues with a client when I paid over $70 for my service. UNPROFESSIONAL TO SAY THE LEAST! She then brought over a nail tech to look at my nails and she began to tell me that she would only clean up the cuticle and add another layer of polish. Anybody who gets gel knows that if you put to many layers of gel on it looks terrible, thick, bulky and peels off within 1 week. I told the nail tech that it was unacceptable and I was them taken off to redo them. They both refused and said fine it $10 for product. (Look $10.00 is nothing but its the principle) I already paid you to fuck up my nails and now you want to charge me again. In that case I should of received a discount for the night before for bringing in my own polish... RIGHT? ANYWAY i paid the $10.00 and while she was redo-ing my nails you could tell all the vietnamese people were talking shit. I WILL NEVER STEP FOOT IN THIS PLACE AGAIN, I WILL BE CALLING STATE BOARD ON THEM AS WELL AS TELL EVERYONE HOW AEFUL MY EXPERIENCE WAS, OVERALL TERRIBLE PLACE DONT EVER GO THERE
