5	I think I'm in love with JAM. Sadly it's taken this long for Old Town to get a business like this, but after visiting JAM, I fully believe that it was well worth the wait! I guess I should start by explaining just what JAM is. JAM lives within a historical house in Old Town Scottsdale. As you walk through a picket white fence, you are welcomed by grandfather trees, a dainty front yard and an adorable porch. The interior is even better. As I stepped through the doors, it was like I had stepped into a time machine of history and character. With the original wood lining the floors and walls and the house still providing the feel of yesteryear, it's just adorable. But there's more to JAM then its adorable house. Product: Within JAM, local artists house their works of art...art of all shapes and sizes. Whether it's one of a kind jewelery by artists who travel to New York for supplies, to local photographers offering their professional services for a very reasonable price, to artists selling their one of kind purses, furniture and various odds and ends, there's something for everyone here! This is a gifter's paradise and a shopaholics best dream. I love to find authentic and unique purchases for gifts and JAM has it here. While there, I met one of the jewelry artists and learned about her products. It made it so much more special to learn the history behind my purchase and to know I was supporting local artists and a local business. Another major plus in my book is that the merchandise is very reasonably priced. You can find a great piece of jewelry, headband, etc for well under $40 here. I left with three necklaces from a local artist for Christmas presents. Not only are they authentic and adorable, they also helped me support my shop local pledge!ServicesBesides selling adorable local products, JAM also offers a ton of different classes and services -- everything from pilates classes to arts and craft classes. I think there's a small chance that I could make a Martha Stewart masterpiece by taking a class from JAM. They have classes all throughout the month and you can either purchase one class or you can do a membership for $20 a month and receive a class free and other discounts on rentals and services. It's like an adorable and creative little club here! I cannot wait to see what the future holds for JAM because if this shop is this adorable in its first couple weeks of opening then I can only imagine what it will be like once the shop has had a chance to completely settle in! I can't wait to visit JAM again and again and I can't wait to make some more purchases!
5	I'm pretty sure that today we visited the most magical place on earth besides Disneyworld. It was magical in a very different way, though... it was beautiful, peaceful, and way more than I was expecting.A group of us visited Jam today to get some work done together and have a relaxing afternoon, but I'm pretty sure none of us were ready for all of the great things that ended up taking place. Jam is a gorgeous, historical home with a white picket fence and small front yard. The place is just overflowing with character... and that's just on the outside! The inside is filled with jewelry, trinkets, pieces from artists, and things that will inspire you to be more creative. I'm not big on "energy" and different moods that places can possess, but I'm still smiling from this afternoon. The "meeting room" is a perfect spot for a long get-together and the windows can be opened to let the breeze in, which obviously is a much better choice than sitting in a stuffy corporate conference area. The whole house had 70 degree temps blowing through every room! We also were lucky enough to be given homemade lemonade which was a perfect compliment to the sunny weather outside.If I lived in Phoenix, I'd go take all of the classes that Shauna (the lovely, lovely owner) told us about. Make sure to see what they have coming up. Regardless, stop by to shop, be inspired, have a meeting, do some work, whatever you need to do. We need a place like this in St. Louis. For a few hours, I forgot about every stress and worry in my world... and that's priceless.
5	Awesome. Plain. And. Simple. I was at JAM yesterday for a work function, but it was far from stuffy! We bounced back and forth from the meeting room where we designed custom photo frames that reflected a bit about us, to blankets laid out on the grass in the front for some brainstorm sessions and yelpy presentations. I have to say, I know some pretty energetic and artistic people, but owner Shauna far surpasses anyone I know! She's a pretty cool chick with a knack for motivation and creativity. I was felt like I was 5 again cutting out magazine snippets and playing with mod podge. In addition to class/meeting space, there are trinkets, gifts and do-dads from super artistic peeps in town and throughout the U.S. Lemonade. Yum. Tunes. Yes. Afternoon. Fun! Know Before You Go:The back patio is pretty cool and super serene. You won't know to go back there if you don't head back into the kitchen. Oh, and JAM offers a ton of classes, for those a little less creative. Check out their website because there really is something for everyone!
5	I just went to the official Grand Opening of Jam last night and was thrilled to watch Scottsdale's Mayor Lane cut the ribbon.   The house was full to the brim and a great band was jammin out back.  The owner, Shauna, is super sweet and energetic and really makes everyone feel at home in her space.If you haven't been,  Jam is an absolutely adorable space with unique one of a kind retail.  Local artists showcase their works and it is so nice to walk into a store and see so many different and cool things.   I know this will be THE spot everyone goes to from now on.  It is such a great concept and the classes sound really amazing too.  I highly recommend that you check it out!
5	Pure magic. While the shop boasts a fantastic jewelry collection, the classes are really the rabbit that's pulled out of the hat. Shauna is so full of energy and encourages you to explore your inner artist, whatever that means to you. Music, beverages, crafts. It's a tripod ofa good time.
5	Shauna, the owner of Jam, is kind of like a combo of Dharma from the hit network sitcom Dharma and Greg, Phoebe Boofay from Friends, and my elementary art school teacher who taught me all about how Van Gogh cut his ear off to my utter fascination. She's a bubble of energy, style and creativity, and she brings it all to her gorgeous little store, set in a historic home, chock full  of charming jewelry, knicknacks and art. She has a backstory and knows everything about each artist that she carries. The prices are really reasonable, too!The space is also great for classes and events, so I'd definitely recommend you check it out for that - she led us in a fun craft project and it was one of the most fun things we did on our work trip in Scottsdale. Something about bringing out glitter and glue turns everyone into a little kid again!
5	Jam is Shauna, and Shauna is Jam. This fun and funky little shop is a fiery ball of good karma, energy, and bliss. At its core, it's both a boutique with girly, lacy, frilly, funky, fun, and even sometimes a little edgy stuff. It's also a space for classes from the crafty to the kitchen kind.And yet--it somehow seems like it's greater than the sum of its parts. When you start with an adorable old home and add the flavah of owner Shauna, you get a place where friends come to drink wine, where strangers come to be friends, and where the unbeliever comes to believe.It won't be everyone's cup of tea. Some people just won't get it, but to those who open their eyes, embrace the energy, and want to find somewhere truly off the beaten path Jam is certainly that place.
5	Dear Jam,You have convinced me that I need to renew my relationship with glitter, glue guns and relaxy, sunny afternoons on the lawn. Never heard of Jam? Well, it's a boutique/classroom wrapped in one. If you're feeling shoppy, check out all their accessories made completely of recycled and reused stuff - think jewelry, hats, handbags, art and more - and if you're not in the mood to shop, check out their roster of classes. Wine tasting, crafting classes, cooking instruction and much more.The owner Shauna is a gem, and will make you feel like a rock star. Really. Cliff's notes: Go there for the shopping, stay for the classes and the energy.
5	Shauna's still jammin' and as amazing as ever! I love the events she's started to put on such as Picket Fences. I visited Picket Fences last week and giggled in delight at the site of the amazing vendors out selling their products. One lady was selling seasoned sugars, another was selling beautiful glass bottles and yet another was selling homemade biscottis. JAM is all about supporting local and they do an amazing job of doing this by hosting an event like this and housing products that are perfect gifts and timeless pieces.
5	I went on a Thursday night when they had the event Picket Fences and plus it was a Yelp shop local event.  Jam has so many unique gifts.  Love it!!!  Jam had a tons of people crammed into the place but it was cool because it was raining and cold outside.  The Picket Fences event was great until rain.  =(  Unfortunately, some of the vendors left before I went back outside.  I found some perfect gifts for Christmas at Jam and Boho Farm and Home has awesome jam.
5	It is hard to say how amazing Jam is.  Shauna Jean is someone who emulates creativity, uniqueness, love and has a true heart for people.  For the years I have known her she mentioned several times how she would love to have a shop of her own.  I could never think of something which would encapsulate her into a store...until Jam.  Jam is not just a store....It touches her creativity, uniqueness, and her heart to help others grow and thrive.  Shauna has created Jam as an open environment for local artists to come and have a platform.  I love what Shauna has done and continues to do.  I also love Shauna for being the dearest of people and friends.  In my GREATEST time of need, seven days before my wedding, I was informed the location was double booked and I would have to find a new place to get married.  Shauna came through, took charge and I truly felt like it had been planned there the entire time.  There wasn't a single glitch.  And I couldn't have imagined anything more perfect!  I truly wasn't anymore stressed because I know Shauna is beyond capable and she again proved it the day I got married.  If you have not been to Jam, you are missing out on an opportunity to experience the heart of good old fashioned Southern Hospitality, talented local artists selling one of kind items, an inspirational an environment, and moment to potentially cross paths with one of the most inspirational humans I have had a chance to know and love, Miss Shauna Jean.
5	I *heart* JAM. Stepping into JAM is like stepping into ETSY or Pinterest, but with beautiful things you can touch and smell and drool over, and also really, really wonderful people! Jam is an oasis of creativity in the desert! You MUST go.
5	I am in Scottsdalefor Grad school and I was in need of a few dollars to make it till pay day and Scottsdale & Coin helped me out....THANKS AGAIN SO MUCH!!!
