5	We've had the good fortunate of working with Kristian Trapl at Don's appliances in selecting appliances for our renovated kitchen. I am generally alarmed when I like salespeople (don't they always have some ulterior motive?), but I got over my alarm with Kristian. He's one of those truly effective salespeople who recognizes that good products, excellent product knowledge, and patience are the only things you really need to make the sale. We worked with Kristian to select mostly Jenn Air appliances (wall oven, refrigerator, dishwasher and induction cooktop) and an off-brand hood. He respected our decision to be price conscious on certain items, and told us when he didn't think upgrades were worth the money. He made a complicated purchasing decision manageable, and during a renovation full of never-ending decisions, we couldn't be more grateful for that.
1	I would not recommend Don's to anyone.  The customer service was poor.  We schedule an repair visit and made arrangements to be there.  Don's repairman didn't show up.  We got a call at the end of the service window stating the repairman could not make it. When the showed up the next day, they didn't have the part they needed, so we had a charge for the service call that didn't fix the problem.  Then, when they had the part, they said they were coming in a  two hour window.  At the end of that window, they called and said they would be on site in 4 HOURS!!!  AND THEN THEY NEVER CAME!!!  The man answering the phone was apologetic (and suggested this was uncommon), but I seriously doubt this.  I will not call them again, and recommend Don's to nobody.
2	If you are expecting a rebate, it may be best to contact the company once the stated 12 week waiting period is over and the rebate has not arrived. Be prepared to get an answer and not be able to communicate beyond that. My rebate came after 15 weeks and my contacting the company by email to ask the status. I received an email response telling me I would get it in about 10 days. When I asked for more information, I did not get a response. I did get the rebate in about 10 days.
1	So disappointing.From poor customer service to poor installation.I was sold parts that I didn't need. I was sold items that didn't fit.Installation was done in a rush.Parts that were to be shipped the next day haven't arrived two weeks later.Hard to believe but I'll go to a big box store next time.
