5	Saturday, I plan on making my first trip to Atherton Market to check out the Spring arrivals.  I know it's been open all Winter, but it has fallen off my radar. So I get it in my head, it's time to get to Atherton.  I am meeting a friend,  I didn't want to blow my wad and go in before her arrival.  When she arrives, I'm like, "let's go see what Vin Master Wine Shop is."  One bottle of Prosecco later, 30 minutes after the closing of Atherton Market, we decide Vin Master is a great spot to have a glass of wine.There aren't many places in Charlotte that you can drink wine at retail prices, I happen to love this!  Wine even taste better when it's not marked up four times.  Vin Master is an exposed brick wall, open floor plan with plenty of good light.  A little wine store with a few couches and a table for the campers!  A great venue, some outdoor seating would knock it out of the park,( just like Darrell Strawberry).  I hate sports, I can't believe, I even made a sports reference.  Drink up people. Cheers.
4	What a fun wine shop! It's located across from the Atherton Market, tucked a bit behind the pizza place. Great interior and the owner kept the old weight and heavy sliding doors to add to the decor. Friendly owner and he made us feel welcome.There is a nice selection of wines. Each section is labeled and designates ideal wines for the type of dish you'll be serving. If you'd like to do a tasting, there is a small set up in the back or plush seating throughout. Lovely new addition to South End! We will return!
4	Hooray for a wine shop in South End! Vin Master is such a convenient stop - right across from Atherton Market. Grab some delicious dips, some fresh veggies, perfect fish and talk to Chris (owner of Vin Master) about the best bottle to accompany your meal. Perfecto. This particular wine shop is so special as Chris is everything but pretentious. He's laid back, helpful, friendly and genuinely wants to make sure your happy with your vino. He also offers free tastings on Wednesdays, $6 flights (of 2 wines) and a really unique flavor profile system that I just can't wait to get the results! This flavor profile will help him to steer me in a delicious direction for wines that please my palate. With wines of all price points and flavors, so I'm sure the folks here can help you find what you're seeking. Stop in Vin Master, take in the simple and lovely surrounding and sip on a tasty glass, inside or outside. Cheers!
5	Vin Master is a fantastic wine shop. Nestled in the heart of South End, it is centrally located and offers a great atmosphere for enjoying an amazing selection of wines. The owner, Chris, is so personable and knowledgable about wines. He'll even do a personal wine profile for you. I'm looking forward to my next visit to Vin Master and would also recommend the venue for group functions.
4	It's a fantastic little wine shop! Went here for a CMYE though I'm not much of a wine drinker. All the wines here are made with organic sustainable farming methods for those who are environmentally conscious. Located in the Atherton Market there is plenty of parking, but the Vin Master was quite hard to find. It is seriously tucked away in the back and hidden behind a pizza place. Thank god for the signs confirming it's there and gps or I would have never found the place!The shop itself is much bigger than the outside looks. Exposed brick walls, high ceilings, and pleasant lighting give it a nice laid back feel. There's a couple chairs and tables and some people were enjoying a glass of wine when I came in. That's a nice touch being able to try some wines out before you buy them. The owner Chris is ridiculously nice and friendly guy who is a certified sommelier and will help you pick out a wine that's right for you.Definitely check out this wine shop if you haven't before. You'll probably be pleased with your experience and happy with your wine choice.
4	Chris - the Vin Master himself - had us over to the shop for a tasting the other night.  Now I hesitate to get your hopes up, because when you think wine shop, you might be thinking something a little different.  This is not to say that the place is bad, because it is not.  But it is not what you are expecting.First, find the shop.  Head straight into the parking lot, almost as if you are going to cross over the trolley tracks.  Just as you cannot go any farther, turn right.  There you are.  It is actually around the corner of the building - you really would not think there could be anything there, but it is actually tucked around the corner.  If you went to the left, you would be at the Atherton market.Once you have found the place, spend some time checking out the wines, then avail yourself of Chris.  The master will take you through a blind taste test (you are not blinded, or even blindfolded, but you do not get to find out the wines until the end) and learn what sort of wines you might like.  There are of course some of us who like just about any wines or anything alcoholic at all.  But if you want to learn why you like those wines, and perhaps enjoy the experience a bit more, without having to learn fancy wine-snob like words, check out the Vin Master.
4	Needed a break yesterday so I headed to Vin Master's after work as a friend had emailed a newsletter notification about a free wine tasting. My kind of deal! Using other Yelp reviews, I found the shop just around the right hand corner of the parking lot. I was greeted by two friendly canines as I entered as well as Chris the owner. Suffice to say it was a very pleasant visit. No pressure to buy anything (though I did get a nice bottle of a white, natural wine from Italy). If you're looking for something a little unique, consider Vin Master.
5	The Vin Master has a wonderful selection of organic, biodynamic, sustainable, and charitable wine selections in a wide variety of price ranges.  I have learned a lot (while having tons of fun) at Wine Down Wednesdays, Vin's free weekly tasting. Don't just go to Vin to buy wine. It is a great place to split a bottle and hang out on the couches, but BYOC (bring your own crackers)!  Also consider Vin for special events.  My friends and I have held several birthdays and a trunk show here. Most importantly this place has a great atmosphere and a welcoming/helpful owner!  Expect something unique. This isn't your mother's wine shop!  Looking forward to the bubble tasting on Dec 2!!
5	Looking for a low-key, yet awesome place to take out-of-towners? Or need that last item to fill a gift basket or stocking? Vin Master is your stop!I brought my friends and husband here last night and had an impromptu profile tasting. It was great fun! In addition, Chris, the owner, is so knowledgeable about all of the wines...where they come from, the different types, etc. Getting an education can't get anymore fun than this!He now offers cheese plates! Also, if you need a venue to host a party, check out Vin Master to see if it will fit the bill...my party of 4 loved our time spent there last night and left with a nice sized case of wines to show for it!
4	I had a hard time believing the small space tucked around the corner at Atherton could be a great wine shop and a nice place to enjoy a glass, but I'll admit it - I was wrong. The Vin Master, with bottles on one side and couches and tables on the other, caters to both shoppers and guests in search of drink, and does both very well.  Post Christmas shopping and Mellow Mushroom snackage at the Boulevard, we were the latter and made our way all the way to the back to a small bar set-up with a chalkboard of available glass offerings. There is a tasting option (I believe it was taste any 2 for $6 or 3 for $8), along with a very thorough and informative intro to accompany each (he was mid-spiel as we arrived), but the prosecco was calling my name.  The couches were super comfy, the dogs scurrying around were adorable, and we were checked on as often as he could with the growing crowd. There was no issue with patrons bringing in food from the food trucks outside (which in a part of town that is pushing so hard for it to thrive it shouldn't be that oddly refreshing) and everyone was enjoying themselves. The only snag was as we were attempting to close out there was a little lag as we were being juggled amongst the other patrons who needed something. No biggie, of course, since it is a small shop and I'm not expecting someone to employee too many extras for the chance it'll get busy like it happened to that evening, but on nights like a Chow Down you can expect to wait. The prices were reasonable (and a yelp check-in deal is always nice) and I look forward to returning to enjoy another glass and also shop, and many of the wines were very affordable and some were even broken down into pairing suggestions - so if you know what you're making for dinner but don't know what to serve with it - viola! the Vin Master has you covered, and although I'm sure he'd rather aid you with your purchase, you could easily navigate yourself to a good wine without help.
5	Vin Master is a neighborhood wine shop gem. Chris and his wife know their wine and always help us find what we are looking for--even better, they help us find what we aren't looking for. We've had parties for friends in the space, brought some snacks and had a casual evening cocktail hour, or just popped in to shop for a bottle or two. It's pleasant, relaxing, and delightful. Love this place!
3	Quaint, Cozy, Great selection. Hidden Gem. Needs a bit more music for atmosphere but really enjoyed it.
5	You should come here. The atmosphere and wine are both amazing.
1	Really disappointed in the event they had last night - for a $15.00 cover (that wasn't charged to everyone) and over-priced glasses of wine, it wasn't worth our time.
4	This was a really cute and cozy tasting room that was really hard to find! I was determined, though, to find it because of the Yelp check-in offer. They had a nice wine selection, the guy working there wasn't pushy, and I enjoyed a quiet hour sipping on wine. I hope this place stays in business because it is a relaxing spot to enjoy wine.
4	Love this little hidden gem of a wine shop.  I've been to tastings with Vin Master before but for whatever reason I had never actually been to the store to check it out before this weekend.Upon entering you will see a wide array of wines stored along the walls and across tables.  They are labled in categories that I prefer like, spicey, fruity, etc.  That's how I decide on wines.  The staff here is super easy going and will make you feel right at home in a moment's notice.Here's another great thing I like, they tend to cater to exceptionally value minded wine drinkers like me.  I don't want to continually buy $30+ bottles of wine.  That's ok now and again but give me a $14 bottle and I'll be just fine.  They have a large selection right along that price point.  I'm sure you will find something you like.The only thing keeping me from making this a 5 star review is I really wish there were some food offerings to go along with the glasses of wine you can purchase.  Oh well, I'll just eat next door at Big Ben's and then come over.
4	Wow you have to pop into this great location for your fav and hopefully your new fav vino!!!  Located right at the Atherton Mill the wine shop is easy to find (near the pizza place).The mill had a huge scale which is still in this wine shop!  Very fun to see how many people you can get on it :-)The store is set up to help you in case you aren't sure what to try.  They have signs like 'spicy' etc.  The store workers are so friendly and nice they will steer you in the right direction.  Don't be afraid to ask for help and try a tasting too!
5	Great variety and very helpful and knowledgable staff
5	Tucked behind Zucca and located across the parking lot from Atherton, this killer wineshop/bar/hangout made for a great stop on a Friday evening. Plenty of seating inside, and we're talking the funky, IKEA-style seating. Comfy couches, lounge chairs, and bar stools. The wine is stacked high on the right wall in funky wine racks. Take your pick. I love how they split up the varieties. As an individual who doesn't know a lot about wine, or pretend to know a lot about wine, I appreciate the simple approach. Listed above each area, you'll see "Creamy," "Tart," "Bright," and other descriptors. It makes it more interesting for someone like me. I don't even know where to begin when wines are listed under their country of origin. Vin Master is doing it right. We picked up a fun-looking bottle of Sauvignon Blanc. I haven't really moved past whites just yet. I still need a bright, semi-sweet wine to actually say I "enjoy" it. Next time, especially if the weather is nice, we'll be hanging out here al fresco. Great patio on the tracks and a killer, quiet space to enjoy a glass or three. Cheers!
3	I wasn't blown away by Vin Master . We walked in on a Saturday afternoon as they were cleaning up from a pet adoption drive (love that they do this) . Inside was fairly quiet, just the two of us and one other person other than the lady running the shop. The shop itself is very cool - they organize by flavor profiles similar to the old Press uptown .Inside the shop is the old scale which is great that they preserved a bit of the mill-history. They have lots of comfortable seating which is also a plus (outdoor too). We looked around for a few minutes but weren't greeted for some time. We contemplated splitting a bottle only to see a $10 corkage fee- which I find to be a bit ridiculous if you purchase wine on site. We noticed most of the glasses were in the $10 range so we decided to just go elsewhere as for two of us to have two glasses would run $40, a bit steeper than we were looking for. I would consider checking them out again though maybe for a special night out or when were looking to indulge a bit more.----------Update-------------------------I received a message from Chris the owner explaining the $10 cork fee. Unfortunately, we didn't know at the time but it's good to know for next time! Hi Shauna,I'm sorry that you had a bad experience. The I e thing I need to explain is that the $10 corkage fee is only for  the Friday night when we bring in a DJ. That goes directly to him. Unfortunately, the board did not get updated by the time you came in. So other than the 2nd Friday, we never have a corkage fee.I hope you give us a chance to give you a better experience soon,Chris
4	Quiant little out of the way wine bar with a very unique selection of wines to enjoy in a relaxed casual atmosphere. Right on the light rail line so that you don't have to worry about drinking and driving!
5	It's great to have a wine room and shop in South End. It's locally owned and run so you can have a good conversation about wine and honest recommendations based on your taste preferences and budget. The space is unique - lofty and industrial yet inviting -  with lots of seating for tastings and hanging out. I honestly can't think of anything negative. PS - by light rail stop
5	By far our favorite place to go relax and be treated to a wonderful bottle of wine. Such an amazing selection, grouped with not only great service, but also great knowledge of all their products. One of the three spots in Charlotte we visited religiously during our 3-month stay.
5	It's friday night and I don't feel like going into a loud situation.Dexter and I headed over to the Vin Master Wine shop for tasting. I had the flight of 3 red wines and actually found something I liked. Which since I am a clueless wine person, is pretty impressive.  Chris and crew are very friendly and were able to make some choices that I actually like. Wine can have so many different flavors intermingling I agree that I need help find thing wine that I really like to drink and not just play russian roulette at the local Harris Teeters. It was just nice to sit chill with Dexter (who was a model citizen) and have a higher level of conversation about things.If I was looking for a bottle of something I will be coming back here for help to find it.This place is dog friendly in and outside of the store.
5	Went to a great Wine dinner last night at Vin Master! It was a pairing of Pullis Wines from Slovenia and the Hot Box Food Truck ..What a unique idea!...Vin Master is such a nice quiet place for enjoying wine. Adding to the experience of the Hot Box food - it was perfect!  Love the different wines Slovenia ..the wine group from Sour Grapes was spot on and knowledgeable ! Will watch for any more of the Wine dinners there! Great Job Vin Masters!!
5	Vin Master is right next to Luna's Living Kitchen (around the corner behind it). Chris was excellent and instantly found us a couple of wine suggestions to choose from after stating what we were looking for. After explaining the difference in the wine notes, he gave us some space to make our decision and the wines were priced very well. I wouldn't hesitate to go back again and suggest it to anyone looking for a pleasant glass or bottle to enjoy in the lounge area or at home (they sell bottles to go). Glad to support a local business and actually got a great deal! Couldn't be happier.
5	Very cool place I was here for a wedding that was catered. Great atmosphere. Would host a party here!
4	If you looking for intimate setting with good wine and good music in the back ground. This is the place for you. Vin Master is kind of hidden gem in Atherton Mill. It nice place to just chill and unwind from your day at work or even from home dealing with the family. They have different event to show case the inventory of wines. So stop in for quick sip and relax.
5	Great place to grab a glass of wine and sit and talk to friends. Very nice environment. I've been to one of their wine tastings and it was an awesome experience as well. This place is perfect if you want something a little off the beaten path that's not your usual overcrowded loud bar on a Saturday night.
