4	Finally a fro-yo place in Shadyside! Not that I would ever mind walking/driving to Razzy Fresh in Sq. Hill or Oakland, but always great to know that fro-yo is just a few blocks away! This place has the standard Razzy-esque fair with my fave toppings - cheesecake and brownie bits. I am odd about my fro-yo - only tart yogurt with dessert-y toppings. That's my yogurt personality and Happy Berry delivers :)
1	Eeeek! I really hope this place gets better, since the location is killer- Walnut St proper.  The signage outside is super adorable a well, but alas.....Out of the 9 favors "available" on the wall of yogurt dispensers (in the Razzy Fresh tradition) only 4 were available: boring old vanilla, chocolate, strawberry and original (which is my personal fave anyway, so I didn't mind). But all the other flavors had this crude, handwritten sign, a post-it actually, above them that said "ask for". The square hole where the machine should be was empty, except for a taped up black garbage bag. The 2 employees that were there (one I suspect was the owner) didn't seem very equipped to answer anything I would "ask", so I just went with my old standby + kiwi. When I asked for a cup of water with my order, I got a blank stare, then a small styrofoam cup filled halfway with WARM water. The smell of cheap cleaner mixed with ammonia hung in the air.As I type this the fella at the counter has continued to stare into space, or at an unforeseen speck of something on the far wall. No blinking. For about 5 minutes. True story.Either it's opening week blues, or I have entered the twilight zone. Either way, I am sending out good vibes for them to get their act together. Otherwise, it's Razzy Fresh or bust moving forward.
1	So, I honestly can't believe a place so shabby is located on Walnut Street. The place was cheap looking, the frozen yogurt didn't taste very good. It was obviously cheap. They also only had 4 or 6 available flavors on the wall. The rest you have to ask for - which defeats the purpose. The toppings bar lacked anything fun or fresh and I wasn't impressed with just a Hershey's chocolate syrup bottle to choose from. I won't go back here and I don't recommend anyone else to.
3	Don't be so mean. Especially for that guy who said their toppings are not fresh. They must be paid by other frozen yogurts business. In my opinion, they do have many choices and fresh toppings, and their frozen yogurt taste just like Razzy fresh, you know you cant tell differences about the taste because they all have about the same ingredient. The only downside is you have to ask when you want special flavors, that seems like they want to cut expense on the machine, but they do have that flavor you want!!
3	Overall, my experiences have been good. As noted in the other reviews, you DO need to ask for special flavors, but they have a variety of toppings and the toppings are fresh. I think they must have lowered prices since they first opened, because on my first visit I remember thinking it was pricy but didn't have that impression on my last two visits. The cashiers are friendly and there is usually seating available inside. As the weather gets warmer, I'm sure I will be back often and will post any updates I have.
4	My go to at Happy Berry is either Original or Strawberry fro-yo loaded with mochi (which is a big yes for me and not all places in the area have it like Tutti Frutti in Squirrel Hill), fruit and maybe some other toppings. And it always does the trick for me when I need a little bit of sweet. While you do need to request special flavors behind the counter and the decor may be bright, I'm glad I can walk a few blocks to get my Happy Berry.
4	I loved this self-serve frozen yogurt place. They have toppings for miles and for all I got it was inexpensive. The yogurt was excellent and creamy and they have a bunch of different flavors.
3	I'll be honest, after eating a delicious meal nearby, coming here was pushing the limits of my stomach. Only six flavors to choose from that you serve yourself, if the other flavors interested you, you had to ask for them. Which kind of makes you not want to ask for them in the first place. How can someone else decide when enough is enough for you?  The flavors I got did taste amazing however.The toppings were a nice selection of sugary goodness and healthy fruits. It was hard to make a good balance because it all looks good as a topping. $.44 an ounce isn't so bad either, can keep you in check if you're watching what you eat.  I think the most fun is choosing a spoon, they're all neon colored.
1	I'm sorry, but...no. No, no, no. Happy Berry has become another one of the few places that is receiving a 1-star rating from this usually generous and forgiving reviewer.Appearance-wise, I expected good things from Happy Berry, which looks bright, colorful, and inviting when you're looking inside. Step in and it seems clean enough upon first glance. So just going off of what I saw, I was expecting a nice, tiny local shop - what wasn't to like?In addition to the usual concerns about the shop's toppings that I have in most froyo shops, I had two big problems with this place. One annoyance was that you're not able to get half of the yogurt flavors yourself here. Call me crazy but if you can't get all of them yourself, then why even bother making some flavors self-serve? All or nothing, guys. But whatever, that's nothing we can't deal with and certainly not worth a 1 star rating.The big problem I had here was that the yogurt I ate was practically tasteless. I mixed the vanilla and cookies n' cream - my favorite combination - and added some of my favorite toppings. After excitedly digging in, I was disappointed to find that it was like I was eating the ghost of my favorite treat. The only part of my snack with any real taste was the toppings. The froyo itself was just...bland. I don't even understand how that's possible since frozen yogurt is shipped in liquid form and then put into a machine. But somehow, it happened, and this froyo lover ended up leaving Happy Berry feeling very unhappy indeed.
4	Bad reviews be damned, I am a Happy Berry fan. The taro flavor alone keeps me coming back. I agree with some of the other posts- the toppings could be a little fresher, and perhaps the owner (I assume? There's only ever been one guy there every time I've gone) could be a little friendlier, but the pricing is reasonable and the yogurt is delicious. It's pay-by-weight and yes, a few flavors are not available as self-serve, but I have never been disappointed. Plus it's open until 10:30 PM on weekdays in the summer. Yes, please!
2	It was an okay experience. The yogurt was okay but the workers/management were awkward. There was no music so it was yogurt in awkward silence save for the people with me.
3	I'm not sure what everyone is so mad about! This tastes like every other frozen yogurt place I've tried. Nothing to write home about. Nothing bad. It had the standard toppings and standard yogurt Flavors. I didn't realize that "green tea" flavor was by request only because I didn't read the sign. But whatever--they can only keep so much in the machines at once. At least they make the other Flavors available. I had original (which is usually my first choice anyway...unless there's green tea!). They had lychee, chopped almonds, coconut shavings, and fresh mango. All the stuff I like. I was happy. Price was good. Owner probably speaks limited English so cut him a break!
2	I don't have too much to say here, but I think the quality of the yogurt was a bit disappointing for me. Plus, the mixers and the yogurt stations were messy and didn't look very appetizing
5	We just moved to the neighborhood and have enjoyed walking to Berry Happy twice now. The hours are great, the flavors excellent, and the topics generous and varied. But the price is the best. We moved from NYC where we had our choice of Fro Yo places and lived a couple blocks away from a Pink Berry. This place here in Shadyside rivals the best!
