1	The woman owner, Nina Showalter, says the business closed, but the phone to the business still works and she is still taking business calls??? Also, she says dresses can't be shipped to the store because it is no longer hers, it has to be shipped to her husband's business. Is this all legal? I'm not exactly sure...I paid IN FULL for my bridesmaid dress in April ($167), the rest of the bridemaids' dresses arrived in August, except for mine. When it did, it was the WRONG color. She contacted her people overseas (or so she says), but it still took them weeks. I was not provided with any shipping information or tracking numbers. Oh --- and I still never got the dress I paid for. Furthermore, after altering my dress for free (and only b/c it was completely wrong), she returned it to me basically unaltered with stains on the back! I told her about it and she said she would get it cleaned. I offered to meet her at the dry cleaners of her choice and she didn't want to. I asked which dry cleaners she was taking my dress to and she refused to even give me a name! She asked me, "Why don't you trust me?" Isn't it obvious?! Plus, I didn't want to give her my paid for dress the day before the wedding just in case she messed it up even more.I finally took the dress to the dry cleaners myself and forked over more money for her mistakes. The employee at Polo Cleaners told me the someone already tried to remove the stain. The brown stained turned red when he put his cleaning agent on it. Nina knew about the stain and didn't get it cleaned before giving it to me! About the alteration, well she basically didn't. The bottom of my dress was crooked and different from all the other girls. It was so bad, I could completely pull the tube top dress down and I'm not a small-breasted woman. It was so loose! I had to spend more money to get a rush alteration on the dress.NINA SHOWALTER & THE BRIDAL WEAR HOUSE ARE COMPLETELY UNPROFESSIONAL. It just sucks that it took all this to happen for me to realize that. I should have known the minute I walked in her shop (back when it was open) and the place was completely empty. FYI: She owns a business called Flowers 2 U. Be forewarned!I don't know what else to say, honestly. It is a horrible feeling to be forced to be nice to someone because you have no other choice since it is either that or no dress at all. People in the wedding business must live off that and it disgusts me.Please go with David's Bridal to save yourself the migraine.
1	I just attended a wedding a few weeks ago where they supplied the flowers and they actually painted (i think with krylon spray paint) yellow flowers white, and the flowers looked horrible.  Some of the petals on the flowers turned gray.  Her business card goes by Flowers 2U but it's the same companyLater she told the bride she didn't have any white flowers and decided to paint yellow flowers white.  Ugh, how hard would it have been to go to Albertsons/Vons and get a dozen white roses or another florist?  Stay away from this vendor.
5	I bought my wedding dress from Nina in early spring of last year. She was great helping me find the perfect dress ata great price. We had been planning a fall wedding. At the last minute on a Thursday, we decided to get married the next Wednesday. She was fabulous getting my alterations done. She worked her schedule so she could get me in after hours because that was the only timei could meet her, and she worked till late in the night to get everything perfect. I couldn't have asked fora better experience.
1	This place is an absolute joke! I don't even know how this lady "Nina" has a shop. Her work is very poor quality, she is rude and does nothing but blame the customer instead of fixing the issues and offering some kind of incentive. My brothers wedding was on Saturday 26th of April 2014, he was told to go on Thursday after 2pm to pick everything up, when his party showed up items were missing one of the tuxes wasn't even there, which was a inconvenience since everyone has school or work. After everyone picked up their items and took them home, there were many flaws, from too small, to too big and she did nothing but complain to us that we waited too long to fix it.On Saturday day of the wedding everyone finally received the items, but once again one of the vest was extremely small and we had to alter it our selves, the ring barer second pair of pants had no hook to close them and his white shirt was filthy.We've tried to get our money back and all she does is blame the customer and refuses to help or refund money In anyway. Please whatever you do do not go here, save your time, money, and the agony this lady will put you through.
1	I wish I could give this joke of a business a negative 5 stars! The owner is a complete moron that has no business having any business at all. None of the tuxes or brides made dresses were even close to fitting. Some of us ended up repairing our own and or buying our own shirts/shoes etc! Do not waste your money. I would pay triple to any other place to not have to deal with them again. The only good thing she did for this wedding was to give us all something  to laugh at.
