5	In a world full of Starbucks, this place is a breath of fresh air.  An independent coffee shop run by young people.  They do art shows, yoga, and poetry nights to name a few things.  Most importantly; the coffee is delicious!
5	Great artsy type independent coffee house. Great coffee (commonwealth brand, local), great atmosphere and a good place to sit and read the news, browse the web on their free wifi, and people watch. The owners will serve you your drink and bend your ear. Terrific people. Great new addition to Brookline and the boulevard.
5	This place clearly deserves 5 stars. The coffee was excellent and they also have wifi however, you will need to ask for a password. A couple of regulars came in after us and they were super sweet. My boyfriend and I will defiantly make a return trip!On the return trip we had an excellent conversation with the owner about some new ideas he had to bring in more business. One of them being a Sunday brunch which sounded amazing! Defiantly hit up this place if you are in the area.
5	These days it looks like Brookline Boulevard is making a comeback.  With Las Palmas ethnic grocery store, Scoops ice cream shop, and a new pretzel shop in the works, Brookline seems alive again and right in the middle of this is Cannon Coffee.  Cannon has a very laid back atmosphere (sorta like a living room) and they serve excellent coffee.  The owner is very friendly and has no problem chatting with his customers.  Also, they're committed to serving actual coffee without the moca-machi-latte-frappe concoctions that seems to be so prevalent everywhere else.  Great people, great atmosphere, great coffee, check it out.
5	Why five stars? Anyone who can start a coffeehouse with a world full of Starbucks and Caribou's gets a pat on the back from me. The only strike against Cannon is that they close early but it's not that big a deal with me to take a star away. I ordered an iced coffee for 2 bucks, it was every bit as good as Starbucks' iced brew and the best part, the "plastic" cup my beverage came in was made from plant products. So it will  rot in the ground. I love supporting locally own businesses, it's good for the community and the economy. It's got a Beehive feel without the freaks. You can borrow a book from the bookshelf, listen to good music when they have open mic night or just go in with an iPhone like I did and chill. I got to talking to the owner and his partner, he has some great ideas, I wish him luck and hope it comes to fruition. Locals go behind the counter and help themselves and leave the money on the counter. There is a deck behind the counter for smokers or if you just want to sit outside. I like this place and can see myself becoming a regular. Hey Nate good luck and save me a comfy chair!
5	Over the past few months, I've spent a good portion of my life at this establishment, and with good reason.  The owners have created a  beautiful and wonderful gem on the Boulevard.  It's fun, welcoming, warm, and... of course most importantly...  the coffee is great.   I have always been pleased with the quality of their product  - both edible and drinkable! Their Turkey Florentine and Chicken Salad Sandwiches are phenomenal. Their fresh soups are FANTASTIC and they strive to use locally produced products. And how can I not compliment the rest of the staff? The quality of service that I have received from all of the Baristas is top notch. They have great personalities and never miss a beat. Just a really excellent place all around. You can tell these are people who are passionate about their business, care about their customers, and truly enjoy what they do. Their knowledge and commitment to excellence would be hard to match. On top of all this, they are also focused on giving back to the community by holding community sponsored events in their space: Open Mic Nights, Meetings for various community groups (churches, schools, business owners, writers, knit/crochet groups, book clubs),  and a night of Cookies and Stories with Santa. They even held a wonderful class about the finer points of Coffee. :) Not interested in those group aspect sort of  things? Not to worry -- this is a great place to curl up with a book on one of their comfy chairs, they even have a great selection right there if you happen to have forgotten one. There's a wonderful chess board, and even some other board games should the mood strike you. Or just bring a friend, sit in the corner, listen to the great music they play while you relax, chat and catch up. Cannon Coffee is quite stuck with this loyal and very happy customer for a long time!
4	I like this place a bunch. My husband and I go here for open mic from time to time. Everyone i really friendly and the coffee and food is excellent.Laid back eclectic style with creative people everywhere you turn.just what you expect of a good coffeehouse  We are going tonight~
5	Cannon Coffee is the first part of a new non-profit where the owner intends to set up coffee shops in various neighborhoods of Pittsburgh and reinvest the earnings in the community. The next installments will likely be in Sheraden and Beechview.As to the shop itself, the prices are decent, the coffee is good, and the baristas are extremely friendly. It's an independent coffee shop that provides all of the benefits you would expect an independent shop to provide(Many in Pittsburgh are guilty of not fulfilling their role!). The decor is fun, old looking mix-and-match chairs and tables. A patio for smokers and non-smokers to share the fresh air. A piano that can be played, usually some other instruments hanging about as well.Every Wednesday night they have an open mic at 8.
5	Brookline is cool.  Cannon Coffee is one of the reasons why Brookline is cool.  Stop in, grab a coffee or whatever, chat with the other customers, listen to music.  You can't go wrong.
5	This place is a little surprising with it's presentation, considering some of the older businesses along the Boulevard. However, in this case, it's a wonderful thing. Be forewarned, this is the type of place where most people would categorize under the 'hipster' section, but honestly, all types of people come.This is a type of business that embraces the community as a part of itself, very open-minded and casual enough to not initially imtimidate you during the first visit. All of the employees are exceptionally friendly, ready to answer any questions you may have and even just sit and have a conversation with you. The owner is very pro-active with being involved with community events and the city of Pittsburgh, as he likes to promote various trends, ideas and happenings around the neighborhood. The setting of the business is fairly relaxed. Plenty of chairs (of all types!) to sit, tables to read (your own or from their collection), draw some doodles for their collection on the bookshelf, host meetings, or play Battleship with a friend (brought along or made there). The location of the bathrooms was confusing at first, as the men's is on the side up front while the women's is in the back, around the corner. That aside, it gives off a pretty cozy atmosphere. There's outdoor seating out front if you would like to sit along the Boulevard and they do actually have a back patio as well. It's trendy, vintage, and comfortable at the same time.As for the actual products, they use the coffee from Commonplace Coffeehouse, while are good brews, may be stronger than what some people prefer. They do make a variety of other drinks, Mochas, Macchiatos, Cappuccino, etc. And food, they have offer paninis (Zucchini is excellent!), bagels, and other assorted items. Don't hesitate to ask questions about anything either.As for events hosted, I do know there is Open Mic on Wed at 8, and the owner is welcoming to hosting as well as participating in other events as well. This type of place is not commonly found, to have a place where the people are genuinely friendly and open-minded, and they clearly love what they're doing.
4	I had an awesome time at Cannon Coffee today. Their iced mocha is very on par with any other mocha I've had in the city's Coffee Scene. I saw a food menu with some sandwiches on it that sounded very delicious, I will definitely come back to try those. They play WYEP throughout the place, which I like, and they also have a back porch, that might have a white dog running around in it or not.  Cannon fits along perfectly with all the other places on Brookline Blvd.I really like Cannon Coffee and will come back for sure.
4	People looking to open up a coffee shop in Pittsburgh have it made!  Want a homey feel?  Buy a house and convert it into a business!  Want a beautiful molded ceiling?  Already there!  Want character? It's built in.Get the point?  This place has history and I love it!  Lots of books line the walls, but little trinkets decorate the walls and ample seating, including comfy chairs, make it a prime spot for work or a casual meet up.  They also have a killer outdoor patio that actually offers power for your laptop too, which is a total plus if you want to hang in the pretty space.They have all the normal coffee, tea and soda offerings (yay for Italian soda!). I went with an iced vanilla latte and it was perfect.  The dude who seemed to be the owner was incredible friendly and even had his fluffy friendly dog with him.  If you're looking for a furry friend to break up the work day, this doggie is looking for attention!  The food they were making for breakfast and lunch smelled awesome, so I'm looking forward to stopping back for some bites.
5	Cannon Coffee is such a cute little place, the coffee is great, the food is wonderful. The staff is polite and friendly. They have an open mic night on Wednesday's and it's safe and appropriate enough for me to bring my kid. I really appreciate a place like this in Brookline. Everyone knows each other, it's not corporate and the A@%holes go to Starbucks. Great job Cannon!
3	good to have this coffee joint in other-wise culturally deserted Brookline.good panini sandwiches.wi-fi .
5	Super adorable coffee shop with a great back porch for outdoor seating on nice evenings.  Love it.
3	really glad an independent coffee shop is doing well in brookline, but customer service isn't always good.  i'm a local and used to frequent it a lot and was never really treated warmly by the staff despite coming in a lot.  oh well!
4	Finally a place where you actually can sense community at your fingertips. I can't explain it- you just have to go...I have had all great experiences save 1 time when an employee did not remove the paper from the meat or cheese in my panini. Two large bites of wax paper - yum. The silver lining- I must be impressed anyway because I continue to go back and no more paper.. Yay.
4	Now that Sugar Cafe closed (equaldistant from our home), we're left with only one great coffee shop in walking distance....  that would be Cannon Coffee.Reasonable prices, decent brew, good small eats, and an awesome aura (complete with a back deck, local artisan sales, and open mic nights) make this the complete neighborhood coffee shop package.Everyone is always nice and you get to see a great representation of the diverse neighborhood that is Brookline.
5	This place is great. I was walking with my dog on a really hot day, and the kind folks at Cannon Coffee let me bring my dog in and gave him a cup of water. I really appreciated that. The iced coffee is mighty delicious.
4	This coffee shop, nicely located on the main drag, was a delightful find. The ice coffee was delicious and paired nicely with the scone I had. Scone had a very unique flavor and I totally dug it! Wifi was speedy, service was friendly. Overall it was a nice find! Definitely worth checking out if you are in the area.
4	Good food, good coffee, nice staff. A great neighborhood coffee spot. Last time I had lunch (veggie grilled panini). Top notch! I also met the potter who makes their mugs last time I was in. I love that Cannon Coffee supports a local artists (mugs are for sale in the shop!)All around great.
5	This is a great little coffee shop in Brookline that is actually owned by a friend of mine named Nathan. I actually have never been there during the day (which I would like to do sometime soon), but I've been there for the open mic night on Wednesdays- which is amazing! People from all over the neighborhood come (BYOB) and play what they've got with smiles and fun and no judgements. The talent was wide ranging, but fun is had by all because everyone is so inviting and accepting. It's really nice to come into an intimate neighborhood place as an outsider and feel welcomed. My friend who I went with actually was inspired to get up and play something on her violin, and they loved it. Furthermore, a large part of the group walk over to the Brookline pub afterwards to grab beers with each other every week- which I partook in and had a blast. I can't wait to go back again, and maybe this time I'll go up and sing something (..... not really)!
5	I discovered this place when doing a little bit of neighborhood research upon finding out that I would be spending a lot of time in Brookline.  This section of Pittsburgh has a lot of character, and it turns out, a lot of interesting characters as well.  My first visit was on a Wednesday night after a long meeting, and I was needing something special to get me going.  A latte was just what the doctor ordered, and this cute little coffee shop on the Boulevard that looked so inviting and interesting on my Googles looked even more inviting in person.  I am so glad I stopped in, because I not only had a great latte, but I ended up spending a couple of hours enjoying local poets, musicians, comedians, and other entertainers bring forth a truly unique evening that I will never forget.One late morning, I found myself in the same neighborhood feeling a little bit hungry and I remembered the hand-drawn signs at Cannon Coffee describing their wraps and paninis, so I swooped into a parking space and decided to give them a try.  The thoroughly tatooed and delightfully engaging woman working the counter by herself quickly whipped up a delicious pulled pork panini and a perfect latte for me.  To think that I usually ended up in a Wendy's in similar circumstances left me feeling thankful for that urge to try something different and put my hard-earned cash into the hands of a local-type establishment.  I will definitely be visiting this place again soon, and I would encourage anyone who is tired of the usual trite and cliche entertainment offered in most Pittsburgh establishments to check out the Wednesday open mic night at Cannon, because chances are, you will never see this kind of unique local color and artistry anywhere else.
1	Closed during hours it says it is opened is a big no-NO in my book. I walked in, guy said it was closed and then he pulled out his guitar and started strumming it.
5	Super solid coffee drinks, great service, never had their food, they have that Pellegrino lemon and orange soda in their case if you're feeling dehydrated (I see that a lot in Pittsburgh is that like a thing?)  I've gotten a super fantastic double cappuccino and an iced dirty chai.  They were both very good and baristas making them were super friendly and all hip and stuff.  The atmosphere looks extremely comfortable.  Bookshelves and red velour chair(s), hardwood floors, tasteful art, a fish tank (that was a fishtank right?  I might be making that up.)  All combined and with the addition of the heavenly aroma of good coffee, it's definitely a place in which I would "hang" if I was a cool person that did that but I can't study in coffee shops cause I get too distracted watching other people and being more interested in what they're doing instead of my stupid whatever I'm reading.The point is, everyone looked very happy and comfy and this is a place to go for great coffee.  So...if this is your neighborhood, you're very lucky.
5	Great coffee, comfortable chairs, tables if you need to work, plenty of inexpensive parking on Brookline Blvd.  Now if they'd only open a branch in Dormont!
5	Cannon Coffee is my joint. When I was looking to buy a house, I turned to Brookline because I knew they had a great coffee shop and a taco stand. What more could someone need? I go to Cannon often and the coffee is always great. They serve Commonplace which is essential. The staff is friendly and I always feel at home. They also have a super cute back patio that I don't take advantage of as much as I should.
4	Good cappuccino. They brew Commonplace coffee. I liked the bird in the cage. Overall nice place.
