1	I agree with the other review here. This place sucks. They had the absolute worst, tiny dried out things they pass off as fingers, waaaay over cooked (and I've tried this place more then once, always the same) Horrible bland pizza and not to mentioned waaay over priced. Over $7 for an order of crappy fingers. I called and talked to the manager, he said he'd make it right for me the next time I was in there, gave them my name, etc. So I go in a few weeks later and guess what? He had no idea what I was talking about, said he never said such a thing....That was over 2 years ago and I've not been back since and they will NEVER get a dime from me again
4	I have 2 girls that attend dance class in the same strip mall that this villa pizza is located, ergo I have been here quite a few times. The service is always fast and friendly. I have ordered the chicken wings, pizza, garlic knots, garlic fries and the salad. I can honestly say that it has always been above average. The garlic knots are my kids favorite. I personally LOVE the wings because they are always crispy and fresh. We often order the wing and pizza special to take to a friends house for potlucks. The ranch dressing here is amazing... we like to order extra because it seems to disappear quickly.
2	I don't know how I feel about this place.  I've eaten here a few times because my brother is a fan of pizza and he seems to like it.  However, me being the picky Italian that I am, have noticed that this place is really, really inconsistent when it comes to their food, and I'm getting sick of it.  There are times that I go when the pizza is good (i.e., the toppings taste good, the pizza is thin and crunchy), but there are other times when I go and the pizza is terrible (the crust is way too thick, the toppings seem undercooked, and the pizza is just bland).  I feel like the pizza I get depends on the day I go, and it's a crap shoot every time I go there.  I've concluded that either the pizza maker is schizophrenic or he just doesn't know what the hell he's doing.  Oh, circa 1995-2000 Villa Pizza.  How I miss thee.  I don't know what's up with these franchises, but they just aren't working for me.
2	Had two bad experiences with this particular Villa Pizza...and the problem is always with the skank that answers the phone...had a coupon...she said are you sure it is ours?  when we got there we gave her the money the dummy gave the money back because she can not ring the register....on the Wednesday before we call for a pizza and the same girl (Janeth) answered...it was 8:30 p.m. half our before closing...she said are you sure you got the right place we close at 9...The management really needs to deal with this girl..very poor customer service...losing business because the this idiot...
