4	No confession here.  I will profess my love for this joint.  Not the closest one to where I live, but better tasting.  I see the same people working there no matter when I show up.  I think they're robots.  Great food nonetheless.  You can never go wrong with the rolled tacos.
1	This place has slipped significantly in the past 6 months.  No meat in the rolled tacos, smaller and smaller burritos, same or higher prices.  I would like to direct anyone close by to Armando's on 48th St and Thomas.  Cheaper, better tasting and larger portions.  This Filiberto's has become run-of-the-mill and cheap.  Other good reasons to stay away:  adjacent to a bus stop and a telemarketing joint.  Enough said.
3	Was in Phoenix and decided to stop off at Filiberto for a quick lunch before I had to catch a flight home. I would best describe Filiberto's as a fast food joint a set up from Taco Bell. Basically it's a fast food joint with lots of mexican fast food items such as Burritos, Tacos, and Tortas. Prices here are a bit more than you would expect from a fast food joint and you're looking around $4 - $8 depending upon what you order. I decided to go with the Carne Asada Tortas Combo. I was hoping to be in an out but the food took a long time to cook. I probably waited about 10 minutes before the food came out. The Tortas was a good size and was a mix of good and bad. The Carne Asada had good flavoring but was tough and the guacamole while good was layered on there thick. It was to the point where I got a guacamole torta with some carne asada topping to it. The fries here - well frozen Costco fries. As to ratings, Filiberto is ok. It fills a need and nothing more. Overall you can do better but if in a jam and looking for someplace, will work. 3 Star rating for Filiberto's.
3	Foods pretty good. However,they usually mess your order up . Double check the bag before leaving.
4	This place is now called Juliobertos, and I have found that this location has slightly spicier food, so it is my current favorite.  As with any Fill-In-The-Bertos, you have to know what to expect, and know what to order.  Here is a quick guide to a pleasant experience:1.  What time is it?  If it is 2:40 a.m. and you spent the entire night at your favorite bar hitting on every girl there, but you are in the long Berto's line alone at 3 a.m., order whatever sounds good, and lots of it.  You aren't as attractive and smart as you thought you were when you were drunk, so you might as well go home, eat yourself into a stupor, and pass out watching infomercials.  These recommendations are for you, you fat tub of lard:a.  Cheese quesadilla b.  Shredded beef tacos (minimum of 3)c.  Rolled Tacos (one order to eat while you drive home)d.  Any burrito on the menu2.  It is dinnertime, you have had a long day, and your wife says bring home some Mexican food.  You are tired, and don't want to stop at a sit down restaurant and wait for the hostess to remember your food that is sitting in the kitchen.  You pull into Berto's drive thru.  There menu is huge, and a lot of their food is junk food, but there are a few gems on the menu:a.  Can't go wrong with the burritos.  I personally love the chile relleno burrito, the carnitas burrito, and the carne asada burrito.  Get the green sauce with these.  I get a side of jalapenos with them too.b.  Tacos: chicken or shredded beef-- Stay away from any Berto's fish tacos or seafood in general!  I've tried and tried, but have never had a good seafood anything here.   Get the red salsa with these.  Stay away from the rolled tacos too, they are not food.c.  Never get a combo dinner plate.  The rice and beans are crap, the enchilada sauce is pathetic, and it is all going to leak out of the to-go box, through the bag and into your seat.  Stick with the burritos and tacos.3.  What?  You still think this place is no good?  Your expectations are just silly, and your opinion is uninformed.  Fill-In-The-Bertos is a sacred temple to those who know  what they like.  If you are like me, and think onions are God's gift to food, you should like this place.  Stick with the above guidelines, and you too will be a satisfied customer!Stay hungry my friends!
4	Now known as Julioberto's, Great for FAST, GOOD, TASTY Mexican fare. I pop in here when I'm nearby for their Chili Verde Burrito(all chili, no rice or beans). Big portions and good prices
5	The main cook knows my order by heart, some of the counter staff know it as well. I always get it cause its always awesome, steak burrito with WHITE CHEESE beans rice and pico  all inside. Its very important you say white, its way better in my opinion than the yellow. The beans are always warm and the rice is always soft, the steak is always good. Pico is pico so lets not go overboard here. This beast costs me around 6 bucks but its always worth it!But how do you make this place even better? Now they have a loyalty card program at this location!!! Every $50 you spend get a free meal(usually burrito and can of soda). Thats awesome, i usually come 3 times a week anyways, but now theyre making it more worth it!  Its open 24 7 and always consistently quality. Some cooks make better(bigger) burritos then others but thats everywhere.  Only thing that really matters is they all taste delicious...
5	Honestly it isnt 5 star quality, its prolly 4 -4 & 1/2.  But I gave it 5 for consistency, no matter what time it is or who's cooking.  Great burrito at 2:25 in the morning, only $6?  Sign me up! Where?  Juliobertos 28th street and thomas, thats where.  They dont fuck around! Ask for it this way(in this order) and you'll never leave unhappy.Steak burrito with white cheese beans rice and pico.  Fuckin delicious at anytime of day...  And you know its true cause they just started that loyalty card not too long ago that I mentioned in my first review.  Ive already had 2 free meals and damn near close to my third already.in about a month...Only 2 places I really go out to eat anymore(with any regularity at least), here and 2 hippies gnarly burger joint on 40th st and thomas(cheesesteak and chicken sandwiches kick ass there!)  Why go anywhere else when they dont want to give back to those who keep them in business? Juliobertos is the perfect 24 hour place to fall back on when nothing else is open!
4	Happiness prevails here because:I CRAVE this Salsa Verde and they just happen to offer:24-hour drive-thru, 24-hour breakfast, Substitutes whole egg with only whites on request for the country breakfast burrito.....ayiyi! Mexi-heaven :)Breakfast of this champion, New Year's diet or not!
4	Reasonably priced burrito compared to Filibertos. Get the California burrito. Super tasty. Open all day.The Cali Bureet is a carne asada based burrito with french fries in it. Super tasty and an excellent value.
3	It's just your regular Filberto's but it's Julio's....If you want the ultimate Filberto's/Julioberto's experience, hit up the Filberto's on Thomas St and Rural Road.  That place is awesome!  It's a nice restaurant experience with a kickass bar!  The people who work there are really what put it over the top.
5	Always good take-away Mexican food!  We come here all the time and on this particular visit I got a grilled shrimp salad with avocados, onions, tomatoes, lettuce and bell peppers.  My husband got a huge bean and cheese burrito and our young daughter got the carne asada fries; crisp french fries smothered in delicious carne asada, cheddar cheese, guacamole and sour cream.  (Shhh...don't tell anyone, the carne asada fries were really for mommy, that healthy salad was just a ruse..)Everything was hot and delicious, as usual.  We love this place!
2	This place is the good, the bad, and the ugly.  Not the best place for sober or drunk munchies.  Like the chips & salsa (they don't tell you, but it's actually really good Pico de Gallo). Unfortunately the chips are soggy after 1 minute. Good but soggy. I highly recommend getting chips with pico on the side. There's your bad. The good? Shrimp burro or quesadilla. Love the shrimp entrees... wish I loved the meat entrees, which leads me to the ugly: breakfast burritos.  They claim to have egg, which is true,  but it's basically like claiming to be a yummy breakfast item when all you taste is grisly, overseasoned & overcooked meat. Egg is lost in the burro's ill-flavored meat. Too bad.
4	Watch for pedestrians when leaving the drive thru
3	After partying, I normally get a burrito from filaburtos but since one wasn't around, I had to settle for this place. Didn't care for the burrito that much. It didn't taste decent ... But the salsa was really good so three stars for that. Oh and the prices are more than filaburtos.
4	The only item I shall ever order is their cheese quesadilla because the cheese is pleasing to thine soul especially when the green is burning and their green sauce tickles the roof of my mouth and the night has fallen like humpty dumpty if you know what i mean, be nice and go there and put their food in your bones.
