5	Getting repair work is always stressful for me. I'm not mechanically gifted so I rely on the professionals I choose to treat me right and set me straight. And there is no one I would trust more with my AC unit than Jimmy @ Bumble Bee. I know he's gonna tell me the real story about my unit, recommend service when it's needed, and give me the "all clear" when it's runnin' smooth. If you're looking for an AC guy you can trust, you've gotta use Bumble Bee.
5	You know that sinking feeling? It's 113 degrees outside when your air conditioner has stopped working? My husband was out of town, I don't know sqaut about an air conditioning, and I'm dreading the news that I have to buy a new one? At the recommendation of a friend, I called Jim at Bumble Bee and he was able to fit me in that afternoon. THANK GOD!I know that this is shocking, but there actually is a Heating and Air Conditioning Company in town that is ...ready? HONEST!Jim tested my capacitor (my neighbor had checked for everything else, so Jim didn't have to do a lot of testing on the unit)  and the capacitor had failed. He replaced it and added some freon.I was slightly surprised by my bill, which was $280, because my neighbor had told me that a capacitor is a relatively inexpensive part ($25-$50), but I do believe Jim to be honest and capable..and who wants to argue that when it's 113 degrees?This is THE company to call for HONEST repair and sales!
5	My AC went out on a Saturday afternoon in the middle of an extreme heat warning here in the valley. After countless attempts from my landlord to get a company to come take a look at it, we were still left with no AC come Tuesday afternoon. I called bumble bee air conditioning that afternoon and expressed the urgency of getting it fixed immediately. Lisa, the woman in the office, was very empathetic and said she could send someone as soon as he finished with another customer. It was the first time since the whole ordeal happened that my concerns weren't just dismissed but rather validated and being addressed accordingly. I felt as if she actually cared that my family and I were suffering through this heat wave. Not long after that Jimmy showed up to take a look. He explained to us that the motor was the problem and even went as far as bringing me up on the roof with him to show me a few of the issues. He said it could be fixed the very next day but that he could temporarily have it up and running that night at least for a few hours until the motor overheated again and would shut it off. He said it would at least make it bearable for the night. The next morning, A man named Steve was sent out to fix everything. He even went over things in detail with our warranty company, who also said, "he was incredibly helpful and the most pleasant technician he had ever worked with."From start to finish, this company was caring, friendly, knowledgable, and helpful. I've honestly never had such an easy and pleasant experience with any company when it came to getting things repaired and this was a breath of fresh air. I'd recommend them to everyone.
5	Great service and people do deal with! AC broke over the weekend (in July). I had another company out who told me the AC was shot and as old as it was, should be replaced. They were great to deal with as well but wouldn't be able to get to it until 2 days later. Bumble Bee AC came recommended and I called them for a second opinion and estimate. Jimmy went the extra mile and squeezed me in to check my AC on a Sunday and agreed that repairing the very old AC was not recommended. They were able to get the new AC in the next morning and by 1pm they were all done. The estimate I received was the pretty much the same as another company, reasonable and competitive. The level of service, professionalism and friendliness was top notch - the kind that is hard to come by these days!
5	They came to our rescue! We live in California and have a rental in Tempe. It is difficult to schedule urgent repairs so far away and having someone trustworthy is key.  Our tenant called in the morning stating the a/c wasn't working and needed it fixed ASAP since it was going to be about 116. We had actually called another company that we had used in the past for maintenance on the unit (AccuTemp). They arrived in afternoon and wanted almost $800 to repair the motor.  My husband quickly got on the internet and found Bumblebee.  Lisa quoted half the price for the same repair!  She moved heaven and earth and got a repairmen out that same day as well as calmed down our agitated tenant.  They were professional, courteous, efficient, and reputable.  It was great to feel like they cared and that you weren't getting ripped off because you were stuck in a jam.  Excellent experience!Highly recommend!!!
4	My a/c went out Sunday night and I had called and booked an appointment with another company and took half of the day off to be home when the repairs were taking place. About 2 hours in, I called the other company to check on the status of the tech and I was told they cancelled my appointment because I called to ask how much the estimate was. Needless to say I was peeved and was frantically calling around to see if anyone could make it out the same day because it's starting to heat back up again and no a/c in AZ is hell on earth. I reached a couple of companies but they had a wait time of a couple of hours or next day, and I didn't want to wait that long if I could avoid it. I gave BB a call and Lisa was super nice. She tried to troubleshoot a little over the phone and when it sounded like I did need someone to come out, she said she would call one of her techs and give me a call right back. A few minutes later she said a tech was available and he would be out in about 20 minutes. Not too much longer, Bronson came out and after making a quick call to property management, he was up on the roof looking at our unit. He was there for about 45 minutes total - part of it spent waiting for someone to deliver the part. At the end of the day, my a/c was working and I was a happy girl. Only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because I wasn't told before the part was ordered/delivered how much it was going to cost. Luckily it was something I could afford, but I hope they wouldn't have done the repair if it had been a pretty penny to fix without consulting me. Anyways, so happy that they came out and I am so far very pleased with the job!
5	So I got home Wednesday from work and noticed it was still warm in my place. The thermostat read 85 and I was little concerned because the lower temperature wasn't holding. I emailed Lisa since it was a little late, and I received a response very early the next morning. She asked if I could set up an appointment so they could come out and ensure that they did the job correctly. I let them know I programmed the thermostat before I left and that I thought that was the issue, but would definitely let them know if that wasn't the case. Turns out I was a dum dum and didn't reprogram the thermostat, but I really appreciated her follow-up to make sure they had done the job right.
5	After we realized out ac was out over labor day weekend, I did a quick search to see who would be available to speak to over the holiday weekend.Lisa from Bumble Bee was very helpful in having someone come out and take a look.  They found out we need a new compressor at the very least, or a new unit as ours is at the end of its warranty life. After a little investigation we found the part was under warranty and was able to quickly schedule a replacement.The price was great, very nice support from the office and our installers Bronson and Ryan were very nice. All around it was as good as you could want an experience with an ac repair company to go. I will definitely be in contact with them with any other air conditioning needs.
5	My experience matches the other reviews.  As a new customer, I called this morning and the repair was accomplished by noon.  The technician  was a very good problem solver, and also he gave me very good advice on maintenance (I come from a non-AC climate).  Lisa, on the phone, was 100% helpful.   They do a great job (I was referred from another customer who said the same).
5	I live in Calif and my son lived in the Tempe, AZ house while attending ASU and after graduation.  When he moved, I had some rennovation work to do, including the heater.  I called Bumble Bee to do the work after reviewing them here on Yelp.  They showed up when they said they would (ok, he was 10 minutes early);  He figured out what was wrong with the antiquated heater and fixed it at an unbelievably fair price;  He provided me with a very fair quote for a replacement when this old system kicks the bucket as I requested;  In short, they provided me with excellent service at a very reasonable price.  I know who I'll call for any HVAC problems, without a doubt, it will be Bumble Bee Air Conditioning.  They have truly earned their 5-star rating.
5	Bumble Bee deserves its five stars.  Good people and they do excellent work.  I started out with a won't-work problem, and ended up with the problem promptly fixed, plus educated on proper care of an AC system.  High recommendation!
5	I decided to call Bumble Bee A/C because my previous A/C company has been out to my house many times to fix my A/C issues on a 7 year old unit. replaced some minor things with it, but it always tripped the breaker when it would cycle through after the last repair that the other company did to my unit. So, looking at Yelp I saw that this company had 5 stars consistently, so i decided to give them a call. A nice lady, Lisa answered and I explained to her the situation and told her that my previous A/C company told me the compressor seemed to be going out and would need to be replaced at a cost of $4,000.00. When I explained to Lisa this she said she urged me to send out a master technician for a second opinion. So, I said OK. She advised that the price was $69.00. I said OK.  The next day a tech, Jimmy, came out and looked at our A/C and found the issue. The previous company had wired the contactor incorrectly causing the breaker to switch off. After he fixed it he checked everything else and was HONEST and said my A/C unit was perfectly fine and didn't need to be replaced.  I was floored by this that he was honest and didn't try to rip me off. ALSO, he left and never charged me the $69.00 AMAZING! fixed someone Else's  mistake and didn't charge me. THEY ARE my new A/C company. BRAVO!
5	This is a great company. I called and got a same day appointment, in fact the tech was at my house within 30 minutes. Gabe the tech was knowledgable and friendly, was able to diagnose and fix my issue within 20 minutes or so. Outstanding costumer service. Highly recommend. Thank you
5	Air went out at my house which is an emergency in Phx even in September. I couldn't get any of the bigger places to come out until Monday. Being it was Wednesday, that was not acceptable.  I happen to notice Bumble Bee and the great reviews they have.  Gave them a "buzz" and within a few hours they were able to get a tech over to look at it.  The lady who set up my appt was very polite and helpful.  The tech who came was Bronson.  Very polite young man who not only fixed my issue but he showed me exactly what it was and how small the problem was. He could of easily tried to take me to the cleaners like others do. He was honest and had great communication skills. Not everyday you find that with guys showing up to your home to fix things.  I believe this is a smaller family owned business which is always better in myopinion.  Next time my air goes out they will be the first people to call. Thanks a lot for your excellent service.
