2	We decided to give the re-opened San Remo a try. I was encouraged by the number of cars parked outside, but it seems they were parked here for another business. Or maybe all the staff were taking up the spots. Because other than the staff, the place was nearly empty. Never a good sign during the dinner hour, but hey - it's only just re-opened... right?It turns out breakfast is only served from 10pm -11am during the week. That's ok, I just have the expectation of breakfast anytime from a diner kinda place like this. But it's not a deal-breaker or anything. I went with a gyro instead. I payed extra for the plate which comes with greek salad. Took a sip of my coffee - there was a sticky substance all around the rim of the mug. Ew! I asked for a new coffee in a to-go cup. Strangely enough, the coffee was actually quite good... but everything else was disappointing. The gyro meat was thin steak-um-style greasy strips, the tsaziki was forgotten, and once remedied tasted like sour cream with some chopped garlic stirred in there. The fries were ok. The greek salad was generous with the olives and feta, but turns out they DON'T HAVE GREEK DRESSING. Um... wtf? I'm pretty sure you can't have a greek salad without greek dressing. For now, I'm giving San Remo 2 stars just because it's 24-hour, and sometimes at 3am you're just happy to have a place that will feed you and keep the coffee coming.
4	On a quest to find a plate full of grease this morning, I stumbled into San Remo's. I was looking for a quick, no frills place to eat, have some coffee, sober up and this was the perfect place. They serve breakfast all day on the weekends and their breakfast is cheap. Like french toast, two eggs and two sausages for $4.95 cheap. Service was friendly, quick and I didn't even have to ask for a refill--thumbs up. I love that they have Teas Pete's at every table, I don't know why but that makes me happy.All in all, a solid spot for a quick and cheap breakfast. This place reminds me of the the local diners I grew up going to with my parents and I love that feeling. In and out within 30 minutes and a  meal and coffee for under seven bones? Count me in for next time!
3	We recently gave San Remo another shot. I scored a solid, inexpensive breakfast while JK had a decent chopped steak and salad with good house-made blue cheese dressing. Our waitress was competent, friendly and on top of refills throughout our meal. I'm not a fan of the flat screens in every corner, but that can be a plus when you're dining alone - also they reduced the volume on the one closest to us as we requested. San Remo will probably always be a bit of a dive, but that's not a bad thing. Hopefully we'll continue to see improvements here and there at this low-key diner.
2	The omelet and hash browns were just a pile of warm calories but the biscuit was good and the service was friendly.2013 #182 / 365
5	The one thing about Charlotte that I miss. I loved our waitress who always knew me and my boyfriend were pulling up. She would have our favorite booth cleared off and our mountain dews ready for us. My absolute favorite things to order during the late night menu was the pita burger and breakfast (yes breakfast after midnight!) It's a bit quiet during the late night which is expected among most 24/7 diners. I also had the dinner menu before and it was just as lovely. If you want friendly faces and great food that is better then mcdonalds when your drunk at 2am, go here!
