5	This is a friendly, professional office to go to for treatment.   Dr. Sabatino and his staff are amazing!!!
5	Dr. Sabatino's passion and care for the treatment of his patients shows in every aspect of his office. His staff is happy and friendly. Dr. Sabatino goes above and beyond what other orthodontists in the valley do. I highly recommend him! I am so proud of my smile.
5	Dr. Sabitino is great.  He is like your next door uncle, unrelated by blood but totally adoptable.  His staff is great too.  All women and all very friendly and professional.I think what drew my husband and I into deciding to use him as the orthodontist for our son is the bright cheerfulness of the woman who meets all the potential patients and the bright, clean, modern look of his office.  We just felt very comfortable there the moment we walked into the office.He has provided excellent care for our son.  Anytime my son had an issue, we were able to call and he would see him right away.  Nothing is too small or too big to make sure things are done right and my son is happy with his braces or retainer.I've called a couple of times with concerns for his retainer and my concerns were taken care of right away.  Which is what every parent wants.  I would highly recommend this office to any mom or dad looking for an orthodontist for themselves or their kids.  I think you would be very happy with the services you will receive here.  From the front receptionist to the technicians to Dr. Sabitino himself.And if you do end up going to Dr. Sabitino from reading this Yelp review, can you mention my name for two reasons:  one, to let Dr. Sabitino I appreciate what he is doing for my son and I'm Yelping about him and two cause I think I get a free tooth brush if he gets new patients from me . . . just kidding about the second reason~ although, I would not mind getting new tooth brushes- can always use them!  It's really because I want Dr. Sabitino to know that he has satisfied patients and we are happy with him!
