1	The day before Christmas Eve and every shop you go to is full with at least an hour wait, and this place is totally dead should tell you something.  Eleven bucks for a hair chop should also be a dead giveaway to run far from this place.  No, not me, all I needed was a simple straight get to the point my husband could do this if I had a nice pair of snips haircut.  They couldn't even get that right.  If this place is your only option, just stay hairy.
3	There are times, I came here, where I had good experiences, there are times that I had bad ones.  So this is probably one of those iffy kind of reviews, where you probably have to see it for yourself.  But to share my experience, this is what I like about Great Clips.  I like the fact that you can check in online, and let them know that your coming.  I like the fact that they keep records on what haircut you recently had.  So by the time you get there, they know what you're looking for, at least ready for it.  Now, my haircut is pretty much simple, just a crew cut, nearly military style.  Shave the sides, finger length on top, blend it in.  Kind of simple enough to do.  Sometimes I'll take it to the bare skin, sometimes I'll take it, where its just  a clean up.  But mainly I keep it simple and just make it easy to cut.  Now, what I don't like about some of my experiences here, is that, some of these hair dressers, who cut my hair, rather just check me in, sit me down, get it done and kick me out.  REALLY?!?!  Now, I like it when some of them actually make me feel like, they actually care.  But there are some there, that just doesn't like talking to you and want to go home.  Now, if you need a simple haircut, yea, I'll recommend them, but don't expect much. Since it seems like there are a few that care in this place.  But $11 dollars is probably the only thing, that makes me go get a haircut at Great Clips, compared to others that charge more.
1	Beware if you have curly hair! So we get a coupon for a haircut and my daughter is all exited, she wants to get a haircut.  Ok, I say with hesitation.  She goes between long and short hair all the time and although I would rather have her hair long, I always think well it is only hair it will grow back, can't be that bad.Well, I guess it could be...  We get there, place is empty, should have run while we had a chance...  I pay extra for shampoo /wash.  The lady asks my daughter how she wants her hair and proceeds to cut it.  So it looks ok till about 10-15 min later when the hair dried and them omg terrible.  The hair was all puffy and it looked like a big triangle.  Just awful.   Now I spend a lot of time and money putting product and trying to find creative ways to get her hair to not look so bad.Well lesson learned, will not go back there again!
2	Haircut was basically just a fade and a lil trim here and there.. Took less than ten minutes for 12 dollars... And a pretty crappy job.. Wont be going there again
4	I've gotten haircuts here many times.  They're quick and reasonably priced.  I've never had a problem although some cutters are a little better than others.  I've always been satisfied and I've been there at least 12 times.  They're always friendly and greet you as soon as you come in.  It's close and convenient and sandwiched between a Subway and a Golden Spoon so you can grab a quick bite.  You can check in online with this chain where it shows you how long the wait is going to be and they can put you on the list immediately.
4	Great place... Made reservation online .... Arrived and less than five min I was in barber chair .... Very friendly and clean place...
5	I go here all the time every 6 or so weeks to cut my hair, Mindy is the one who cuts it . Always a great cut she know just how I like it and I don't go anywhere else but Great clips just like the name GREAT. well worth the money and time . Professionals all the time .
