1	I parked in the Parking Garage, got my parking ticket validated, and still owed money for parking.  The parking validation was worth $3.00.  The charge for parking was $5.00 with $2.00 credit for the validation (not the $3.00 I was promised).  I paid the remaining $3.00 charge, but then, the machine wouldn't give me a receipt.I am never going back to this location.  It is off my radar from now on.
1	I very rarely give a restaurant a one star review but this restaurant is special, and you know what I mean by that. I can quite honestly say that  they get the special honor of giving me the worst service I have had in ohhhh about a year. The server never once checked back on my after she took my order. I sat there by myself while she reapplied her lip gloss, talked to coworkers, sat at the bar and ate, etc. You get the idea. After waiting for 20 minutes to get my check, I finally walked up and went straight to the manager and asked for it and explained my situation. Did he offer ANYTHING to recompensed my time and frustration? Absolutely not, in fact when I got my change back they short changed me 15 cents. I mean at this point 15 cents was something I did not want that server to walk away with. I got a shrug and a sorry. It was one of those smug smiling type sorries. Sweety I worked as a waitress for 5 years I know what your smile means. I had to harness the inner ghetto part of me that wants to come out from time to time and walk out of there. It really is unfortunate that the manager chose to deal with the situation in that manner. I would never suggest this restaurant to anyone and their lack of service makes me completely not inclined to even address the quality of their food.
5	Found this through restaurant.com, and boy was I glad! The food was delish! Not to mention it was happy hour so appetizers were only $4 and drinks were $3. The atmosphere was very nice; we sat outside among the Christmas-lit palm trees.For appetizers we had the Bruschetta, Hummus Trio, and Calamari. They all tasted great, especially the creamy, flavorful hummus. Grecian Delight Pizza was pretty good as well.Baklava cheesecake was good but doesn't compare to Cheesecake Factory of course. However, the Flambe Baklava was A-MA-ZING! Crispy ice cream atop baklava, dressed with whipped cream and chocolate sauce, and then set on fire with Bacardi 151. As my friend said, "Diabetes served cold." Yummy!We'll definitely be back :)
3	I had the shrimp & chicken souvlaki kabob w/ pita bread and veggies. It was a bit overcooked yet still flavorful. Patio dining with a beautiful scenery made it extra special.
4	I have been here a few times and have always enjoyed the food.  I brought a large group of 30 to eat lunch here a few weeks ago.  We enjoyed the beautiful patio.  The spanakopita was delicious!
5	Great service, great food and large portions for the money. One of my favorite places to eat at. The patio is awesome during the winter time. I recommend the Mousaka. That is my personal favorite.
2	I have eaten at this restaurant many, many times. They must have had an inexperienced cook on the line. Vegetables were so overloaded with rosemary, that I felt as though I had put a rosemary branch in my mouth. Some sauce on the potatoes tasted spoiled, as did the yogurt sauce. Luckily, I did not become ill, I would have been very disappointed about that.  My friend  had Chicken Parmesan and the pasta was so over cooked it was like a paste. Told the waiter about the experience and his reply was "I'll tell the manager." No replacement offered, did not see the manager. Had to ask for our waiter three different occasions, he was very, very inattentive.I have never had this experience here in the past, so we MAY come back to see if they were just having a bad day. If it's not a bad day, they'll be closed soon.
2	My family went in to eat on a Sunday night after eating at other My Big Fat Greek Restaurants in the valley. We were seated right away but we waited about twenty minutes to get our drinks and another thirty minutes to get our appetizer. We asked for our daughters sake if we could have her food first after the appetizer and that did not occur. We got our food and it tasted great but when we asked for extra toppings they never brought them. When we were all done we waited and waited for a check. We asked three different people for it including the manager and he gave us the wrong one. They were not busy so I have no idea what was going on. I know we will not return to this location due to their service, the food was great but their service was bad.
2	This visit reminded me why I don't eat at chain restaurants. I ordered the Angus beef souvlaki pita. It was just ok. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. The to-go service was quick. I finished most of meal, but only because I was hungry. The beef was ok, but a little flavorless. The dressing for the salad was bottled and the tzatziki sauce was, as well.When packaging this item to go, they should separate the bread from the juicy veggies and steak. The pita was a soggy mess when I got it back to my office, (right across the street), so I tossed it. If you don't mind a substandard salad made with iceberg lettuce and mealy pale tomatoes, then you might enjoy eating here. It is pretty standard for a chain restaurant.Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing. Shrug.
2	This restaurant was just ok.  I got a gyro, and it was filling.  It was good but nothing special.  The service sucked.  I was in with a friend, and we were the ONLY people in the place.  I've waited tables, and I know you hold food so people have time to talk and get appetizers.  But seriously...we waited a half an hour.  And we specifically told the waitress we had one hour for lunch.  Not good.  Especially as there are a million other restaurants to chose from in the area...
5	Great experience. Hot food which is increasing rare to be served these days. Fresh and tasty,while the atmosphere was  relaxing, sat on the patio surrounded by tall palm trees lite with decorative lights.The service was friendly and prompt. Great for larger groups of people.
4	The food at this chain has always been consistently good. Our server in downtown (where we spent New Year's) was new, but that did not impact our service at all. She was prompt and attentive to our needs.
4	Since I retired and most of my colleagues work from home, we try and meet once a month at different restaurants.This month we decided to try this restaurant 'cause it central to the valley.I had their Chicken Souvlaki which was delicious. The chicken was cut in large cubes and oh so tender.I've eaten there before when I worked downtown and haven't been disappointed.
4	Working downtown there are several choices for lunch and My Big Fat Greek does a great job and has a diverse menu.
5	Stopped in here today for lunch & was immediately greeted by the friendly Hostess.  Now while I wouldn't call the place "fat", it certainly is BIG, especially counting the enormous covered patio outside, adjoining this Center's beautiful forested grounds!My super friendly Server, Marco, showed up soon and I ordered a Gyro & Greek Salad for this first visit.  Now the decor here is dark colors, but the lighting over my table was just right for reading while dining solo.  Fifties & Sixties rock music played at the right volume in the background.When my order arrived I couldn't believe the Greek Salad!  It was the biggest, most beautiful "Side" Salad I've ever seen...  almost a meal in itself, and so delicious!  The Gyro was just right too, except I like lots of Tzatziki sauce & there was but a small cup of it served on the side.  SECONDS after applying it to my Gyro though, Marco appeared & offered me another cup of it, or as much as I would like, at no extra charge!  (Good luck finding THAT at any other Greek restaurant here in the Valley!)  One more little cup of sauce made the Gyro just perfect in moisture & taste.     :-))What a pleasure it was to eat here!  Great food, service & value too, with the food served here on Sundays at the regular weekday prices!  (Only $7 for this whole feast!)It's a BIG FAT WOOHOO for this place, for sure!!     :-))
3	Friendly place, reasonably priced in attractive location. A natural for hosting friends right? Easy Kemo Sabe! The food can be quite good to downright poor. Like Zorba with arthritis. Can't figure a pattern to it, but its a value/convenience roll of the dice
4	My new favorite spot! Awesome drinks, appetizers and entrees! Yes, we will be back.
4	We really enjoy going to My Big Fat Greek.  We love the outdoor area at night and the dining room is not bad.  We have never had a bad dish either and we have gone quite a few times.  The only thing I would say is it is a little pricey, but we always go with restaurant dot com certificates.  Without those certificates I may be a little more hesitant and for the price probably go to a restaurant with a known chef, but for now I will stick with four stars.
4	My Big Fat Greek Restaurant stood out in a somewhat empty expansive parking lot on Christmas Eve. Nearby Rusconi's was unable to accommodate a party of 7 due to a high number of reservations so we decided to check out the much emptier MBFGR. There were a couple seated at a table and some other customers seated at the bar, so I definitely worried it would be subpar.Since business was so light we were seated promptly upon arrival. However, service was not as quick as we would have expected since very few people came in after us. When they did serve us, though, the appetizer and entrees arrived at about the same time. Everything was characterized by a certain expectedness/predictability as well as daunting portion size. Most memorable for me was the braised lamb (very tender and savory in a tomato base) though the mousaka was not bad either. The fourth star goes to being open on a Christmas Eve, and to the bartender who put on dazzling performances of flaming shots.
4	I usually eat lunch here and have enjoyed each visit over the last three years. The ambiance is fun and bright along with efficient servers and fantastic food! This restaurant is located in the Arizona Center complex so park in the garage or along the street.
