5	i like costco because they sell really big things, but pay really big wages.but the more self-interested motivation is that they also have the most liberal return policy known to humankind. really. i defy you to find a more accepting one.i was worried about returning the sound system that i had bought for the weekend. forget that. the guy in front of me returned a big jar of peanuts. two-thirds empty. that he didn't buy.yes, that's right, he returned 1/3 a jar of peanuts that he did not purchase and got full store credit. jeez.
1	This location has reopened as a "Business Center".  Sure they have other items you can not get at other Costco locations, but...They have no tiresThey have no pizzaThey have no hot dogsThey have no pharmacyThey have no product samplesThere is no fun in going to Costco unless you can eat lunch when you are finished.  Apparently they think business owners don't deserve to eat lunch.  BRING BACK THE SNACK BAR!!!!!
3	Oldest Costco location in Las Vegas, first built in the mid 80's. Just recently renevated and re-modeled into a Costco Buisness Center. Cool format but loses two stars for not having the Food Court, I mean, that's what Costco is all about! I know it's a different store format, but c'mon! Buisness people still eat too! Cool to check out as it carries different things from what a regular Costco would, but just don't expect to get a hot dog on your way out!
2	Caters to business not consumer
3	This location is a Costco Business one, so they do have some of the regular things that your neighborhood Costco would have but also a lot of other great things for businesses and parties!They have a pretty extensive line of things that are kitchen and catering-related.  I always like to take a look through those aisles.  On our recent visit, I was in search of a filing cabinet and I found it - different sizes and prices to choose from.The second thing I was looking for was the infamous Thrifty's ice cream by the gallon.  It is confirmed - they have three gallon tubs available for $15.49 each, which is a steal!  Lots of flavors to choose from, but on the day I went, no Chocolate Malt Crunch in sight!  (They did have Peppermint Stick and Coconut Pineapple though!)They also have a gas station at this location, although it's not open on Sundays since the actual Costco isn't open either on Sundays.  But nice to know you can fill up on the cheap when you're downtown.  There is no food court at this location and you can no longer use your regular monthly mailer coupons here either.If you have a Costco card, it's worth taking a look to see what else they sell that might interest you.  (Once or twice a year, they have a big sale that I've been trying to get to.  They put out the catalogs with all the sale prices ahead of time so you can make your shopping list.)
4	This has to be one of the oldest branches of this popular discount store. Now a "business center", so not everything is readily available here, FYI.I really don't like spending more money than I want to, and this place always seems to break the budget, with it's super-sizing and 50 packs. (The funny Jack-In-The-Box commercial comes to mind.) But the last time, I really exercised a lot of restraint because I only spent about $18- canned crab claw meat, frozen smoothie fruit (4 pounds), and deli-thins (the large pack). I was so proud of myself. Otherwise, one could easily spend hundreds of dollars in this place. I think this is a great idea, if you split it with another family member (it's just me and my husband so these large sizes are simply way too much!). When my husband suggested that I get all my baking supplies here for christmas cookies, I scanned the aisles to see what I could buy. I don't need ten pounds of sugar, or a pound of cinnamon (expiring in May 2011). So, we nixed the idea. Instead, went to Wal-Mart, like every other budget-minded American does. Like I said, sometimes it's not practical to shop here for just myself and my husband. Worth mentioning: brightly colored borrowed jackets on the hooks, keep you warm in the uber-refrigerator room for butter, dairy, fruit, and other cold items. If you can be vigilant about sticking to what you absolutely need (list in hand), you can shop here without feeling guilty.
5	So I've never been on the inside of this Costco, I always stop in here to get gas before I jump onto the freeway. Oh I've also been in their parking lot when Slider Truck stopped by. I stocked up on lunch and ran back to school to make it back on time. Costco is always my spot for gas. 3% back on gas? HELL YEA!!
4	Well this is a business Costco first so, I realize it is the closest Costco to the strip and your normal Costco card will work here. It is a lot different. Hence Business Costco, however the deals as normal Costco and they do have food but, it is more focused towards restaurants and small biz. They do have gas here so that is good and important for you frugal Costco shoppers.
5	best deals for business owners!
4	Closest Costco to my job ... So I'm here at least once a week for gas, sodas and fresh fruit / lettuce.No deli chickens, food court, or free samples here. OK - I'm used to it.NO LIQUOR - really ticks off tourists - that should be posted at the door LOLNone of the stuff that causes my impulse buys at the other locales. YAY!Business center has good prices for printing jobs.It's never crowded in the traditional Costco sense, so I can get in and out during my 30 minute lunch break. Caveat:  be careful in line ... I'm holding apples and lettuce, standing behind a person who I think is a "regular" shopper because she has a cart with items in it, then her colleague arrives and squeezes in with piles of restaurant provisions on a flat bed cart. RUDE!! And unnecessary - since there was no one behind me.
4	This is actually a non-standard Costco.  Any little snacks, beverages, or vending machine goodies can be found here (cases of Voss water, boxes of ready to mix individual salad bowls, and individually wrapped toothbrushes and floss, WHAT??). They do have some kind of roadshow events from time to time, one notable memory being of medical scrubs of fairly good quality.  You can find all kinds of plate, pans, dishes and utensils for the pickings that aren't in ginormous super multi-packs.  It's also generally pretty empty.  Even on weekends.  There is a dock for a lot of Costco delivery trucks off on the side, so I assume a good amount of business is done that way.There's some kind of printing or embossing shop here, that will make t-shirts, banners, and the like.Otherwise, lots of different foods can be found here that might not normally be found at the usual Costco.No higher end electronics, NO ALCOHOL, no optometrist, and no food court; but food trucks have been known to frequent their parking lot during lunch hours.At least they have a gas station that generally has spots open around the 3-5PM time slot on weekdays.  Most other Costco's in the valley have you waiting to fill up.
5	This store is dedicated to the business owner, the entire store is different than the rest in Vegas.  This has every kind of paper product, cooking product and cleaning product that would be helpful for that business owner looking to save some money by buying in bulk.We like looking through the cooking equipment and is the main reason we go in.  There are pots and pans, cooking utensils and even table ware.  The office supplies is great, and even have printing available for those business cards, stationary or party invites.Limited stock, mostly business oriented, no liquid, deli, but quick, convenient and no crowds.
5	I purchased a notebook (H/p) at Costco a couple of years ago. I have had it serviced under warranty a few times. Well this last time I had it serviced, I accidentally spilled a beverage on the key board because the notebook suddenly got hot. I was going to send the notebook back for other reasons prior to this accident. I didn't know that the spilled beverage took the product out of it's warranty. Instead of repairing the product for free, I was informed that I would be charged $350 for the repair. Well, I felt this was totally unfair as it was because of in my opinion, this "defect"  was responsible for the spilled beverage on the notebook. My case was reviewed by a supervisor at HP who agreed with me. Through Costco's Concierge Dept and Hp's Customer Service Dept, my situation was handled beautifully. I will never buy a electronis product from anywhere else. Everytime I have had a problem with a electronics product from set up or general in nature, Costco's Conclerge Dept has been very helpful, professional, patient and thorough. Thank You Costco and in this particular case, HP as well.
2	First things first ... THIS IS NOT A REGULAR COSTCO! It's a "business center." I feel that this is very important to mention, because I was very disappointed when I came during my weekend stay in Vegas. My bf and I wanted to hit up Costco for a case of water for our room and to get alcohol for a friend's bday gift.NO ALCOHOL SOLD HERE. Although, they do sell tobacco if you're into that kind of thing. NO FOOD COURT. But, why would you want a food court when you can eat at all the delicious food places and buffets on the strip?! As I mentioned, this is a business Costco so you'll definitely find lots of snacks and drinks for vending machines. They even sell vending machines here! I did enjoy the fact that they had a huge array of drinks (juices, sodas, sparkling water, cider, etc.) It was quite impressive. All in all, this Costco was pretty depressing. Very few workers ... workers that don't really know their stuff. I asked the guy checking memberships at the front if they had any coupon books and he said the guest/member service would have some. Waited in line and it turns out ... THEY DON'T EVEN ACCEPT THE COUPONS HERE. I'll definitely be shopping at the Costco back in L.A. before heading out to Vegas next time..
4	This Costco doesn't have the same feel as the other regular Costcos, as it is geared towards businesses.  So if you are expecting to get all the items you typically find in the traditional Costco, this may not be the right Costco for you.For me, this business-centric Costco is perfect, because I know I can get a good price on the professional grade kitchen items that are usually not available at the other Costcos and there tend to be less people here in general. Suppose you want a good set of high gauge stainless steel cooking set at a decent price, this Costco has it for $100.  You can also get them individually, based on your needs.  Plus there are just more selection of commercial grade kitchen tools, gadgets and other business supplies available here than the other Costco.Overall, the best part of shopping at this Costco is easier parking and shorter time spent waiting in line to get to the cashier.4 stars!
5	First of all, yes this is the Costco Business Center. No food court, no booze, but if you are going here on purpose you know how great it is. It's like Costco plus for proteins and vegetables. They have a much larger selection of veggies and herbs (also in larger packages) than regular Costco and also more larger cuts of meat and case beef and poultry.I also now shop here exclusively for my kitchen supplies. They have a wonderful seleciton of all kitchen gadgets, knives, plates, pots & pans, and every sort of professional catering/serving vessel you might need including plastic serving and to-go stuff. They also carry very reasonably priced chef coats and pants.Another reason to stop by here is that they have a large selection of bulk individually packaged items (think convienience store items). This stuff could be very useful for travelling, camping, or any other single use situation.**You can go with any level of Costco membership, not just Buisness**
5	After my move to Las Vegas, I realized that I owned very few kitchen supplies of my own. I could've bought some goodies from Amazon, Target, or Williams and Sonoma, but Costco Business Center beats all of them hands down in price.  For the gal or guy starting out or on a budget, Costco's prices for kitchen tools are hard to beat. This is a good place to stock up on basics like vegetable peelers, graters, spatulas, basic chef's knives, spoons, and other miscellaneous kitchen items on the cheap.  I've been back at least twice after accidentally throwing away a vegetable peeler or two with the veggie scraps.  Don't come expecting the name brands as they carry mostly tools for restaurants.  But heck, for the price of one Oxo peeler, I can buy 4 Update! peelers at Costco.
5	Definitely doesn't have some regular things Costco usually carries. But it also has some good things.No samples. No crowd of people just taking up space trying to make a lunch out of it.Clean aisles.No lines.We're definitely loving this Costco.
5	This is Costco Business Center. They don't have everything that regular Costco here but they have other items/selections that regular Costco don't have which is good. When your throwing a party or an event they have alot of individuality wrapped which are meant for vending machines. They have more selections on drinks and chips etc. Food are in HUGE bigger bags or boxes for restaurants. So if your having a party or BBQ this is the Costco you want to shop at not regular Costco. They sell short ribs much cheaper but u buy 30lbs but it cost $1.79 a lb that's crazy cause you go to regular Costco they charge $4.99 a lb and sam's too. I tell my friends and family to patch in and we all share it. So it's a sweet deal. Also they only accept amex, costco gift card and cash.
4	Cool place. Love getting gas here instead of Henderson.
1	This Costco is the worst. The staff at the gas station have been downright rude to me on 2 occasions & the hours are really inconvenient. Closed Sundays and at 4pm on Saturdays? Most people only have time to bulk shop on weekends, even at a business center.  Plus the extra step of waiting in line AGAIN to show your receipt before walking out the door is insulting & a waste of my time.  The door is within an easy glance of check-out. Security on top of their game could just watch and make sure no one is stealing.  Thumbs down!
2	What kind of Costco is this!  I was having one of my Costco hot dog munchy after visiting in the Las Vegas.  To my stomach's disappointment there was no food court.  I knew something was wrong and should of trusted my gut because parking was easy to find. Truly this Costco is a mirage in the desert with the illustration of cheap hot dogs and other goodies normally served at other Costco locations.
5	This is a Costco Business, not a regular Costco.  You'll love this place if you're looking for kitchen supplies.  We also stocked up on water and other provisions before embarking on our continued journey eastward into the desert.  You can also buy gas here -- as far as I could tell it was the cheapest around.  Gasbuddy showed lower prices nearby but only if you pay cash.  With the points on our credit card Costco ended up being cheaper.This Costco was also the quietest I've ever been in -- peaceful and serene compared to the crowded wild scene at our usual Costco near Downtown Honolulu.
4	This review is for the gas filling area in the southwest corner of the Costco.  I've never been on the property before, but when I came from an appointment yesterday, I decided to stop and get gas as there were no lines at all.  This would never be the case in the middle of the day in Summerlin.I drove in and pulled up to one of the pumps without any line.  The pumps are newer than the Summerlin Costco but the layout is much the same.  I was on my way in just a few minutes and it proved to be very convenient.Considering the fact that I'm at the Smith Center so much and which is 1/2 mile away, when I need a quick gas stop, I'll be looking to this Costco more often in the future.  I am a fan for sure!!
3	I never thought the day would come when I give Costco anything lower than 4 stars.I visited this Costco Business Center twice last week with a group of friends to purchase supplies for a long Las Vegas trip weekend. The good thing was that it had pretty much all the provisions that we needed to last three days in Sin City (food, drinks, equipment, etc.). Where they may have lacked in diversity of consumer goods, they offered more choices in a single type of good. For example, there aren't any tool sheds, but they do have bottled water. And not just a couple brands of bottled water; they have pretty much all the brands you can think of and all the flavors within a specific brand.Another positive thing is the fact that it's quiet here. It's dreamlike quiet. If you had a dream about Costco or wanted to feel existential for a bit, this Costco Business Center is the place for you...especially on a weekend. There aren't huge, choking crowds like the other Costco Wholesales. There are no samples being given out, there are no loud, attention-getting vendors, and there is no food court. This quietness, however, is what made me take it from a 4-star place to a 3-star place.Towards the end of my trip, I and a friend came back to Costco to make a few returns of some unused items. The slow and overall lack of customer service here started to become apparent to me. It took me half an hour to get someone to help me out with a return. It would be fine and dandy if there was a line in front of me and I was just queuing up, but...I was the only person in line for refunds!What made it worse were that every employee there avoided me like I had the plague! Not a single associate would even make eye contact with me! No one assured me or told me how much longer it was going to take before someone who had the capability of doing returns would be around! I just stood there silently getting angrier. I had my receipt, my ID, my credit card/Costco card and the item ready to go.A small business owner, who apparently was taking up the time of the one person who can do refunds caused me and my 30 second transaction to wait 30 minutes. I only found out after the fact that the person who was helping this business owner in the membership side of the return desk was also the only person in the whole damn building who could do a fucking return! He just started helping the business owner, who had a million questions and didn't bother to even tell me something as I stood next to them both. Not even after 20 minutes. Nothing. No apologies. Nothing.Then the phone rang. The one person manning the desk picks it up and starts helping a customer over the phone! Now he's leaving the business owner, me and another person who just arrived for a membership question (I know because the latter stood on the membership side of the desk) hanging.Finally, after about 25 minutes into helping the business owner and not making any eye contact or acknowledging me, he picks up the phone and asks for Sandy to come to the desk to assist in refunds. I thought to myself, "Hallelujah! At least the line will speed up and someone can help me."Little did I know that Sandy apparently doesn't do returns. I know so because she told me herself, looked at my item and just walked away. No explanation as to who does! No apologies. No nothing.Surely this was a dream. This is a quiet, dreamlike Costco. The associates here can't be so thick to assume I know who can do returns and who can't. Surely they're not treating me this way because of some form of discrimination! I got tired and yelled to whoever can hear me, "Can anyone here help me?!"The business owner patron douche just gave a little shrug as he was trying to figure out what sort of benefits he could get by shopping at Costco. Yeah, thanks pal for holding me up.The one man who does the refunds, who is now on the phone didn't even look at me. Sandy, well, damn it, she wasn't gonna help me after just simply walking away in the first place!When the half-hour mark came, the one person who can do the returns finally decided to help me because the business owner was handed off to someone else. He thanked me for my patience, but I was too emotionally drained to respond. Again, no apologies. While trying to keep composure, I said in as quiet a voice I could, "ARE YOU SERIOUSLY THE ONLY GUY IN THIS ENTIRE STORE WHO CAN DO RETURNS?!" He sighed and didn't respond because he probably thought I was gonna go ballistic on him for making me wait 30 minutes with no hint of wanting to assist me, as he assisted a patron who had a question outside his immediate duties at the return desk. Either that, or he was also under a lot of stress because his bosses don't hire more people to ease his workload.That's makes two of us, buddy.At least the gas I fueled up with was cheaper than what I get back home.
3	This spot is not as busy as some of the other Costco around.  There is no food court here.  They don't have a lot of products here like some other ones.   Here is just the basic every day things, not much of a huge selection.  It was the closest one to the strip and on the way home for me years ago.
2	This Costco is for the restaurant owner, not the casual household shopper.
3	I get frustrated at this Costco sometimes. It is the only Costco that is close to the "less desirable" neighborhoods such as mine. It isn't usually very busy, which is a plus. But you can't use the Costco coupons here. Not can you find a lot of the stuff that Costco is known for (samples, food court, clothing, electronics, etc). This is for a restaurant or convenience store owner. For company snack runs, it's perfect. But for the every day things we would love to buy, it doesn't make sense. I wish there was another location in the heart of the city.
3	This location is a business center, so not a full service Costco. It's a good place to shop if you own a business or need restaurant supplies, packaged snack foods, etc. But if you're a typical consumer like me, there's really nothing to buy here compared to a regular Costco. They do have a gas station, which is nice because I work nearby in the downtown area and stop by for gas sometimes if I'm running low and on my way to/from work. Gas station pricing is similar to other Costcos and cheaper than nearby stations that I've noticed. That is really the only reason I've continued to stop by this location...to gas up.
5	Totally forget to order copies of brochures or flyers? This place is amazing! I emailed my order in and it was ready in no time. Even better than that is the low cost and high quality work. I highly recommend Costco for all your copy and print needs.
4	We came to this location to stock up on some alcohol, beer, water, sodas and snacks for our Vegas trip of course. They didn't have a great selection of alcohol because they didn't have what we were looking for. They also don't have a food court which was weird. They do have a gas station which is a plus.
4	OMG no food court!  Well okay, so this place isn't your typical Costco, it's set in the ghettos but not ghetto itself.  The business center location focuses on the restaurant industry, and has a nice selection of kitchen wares for dirt cheap.  I like to host little get togethers at my house and I hate using plastic because I feel like we are killing the earth.  I'm from Seattle, recycling is engrained into us at an early age!  I've purchased 24 stainless steel forks for $2.50!  Random little kitchen items here, industrial size cooking appliances as well.  They also sell random things here for convenience stores in bulk and single items.  This is the only Costco I've been to that sells things not in bulk.  I noticed they also have a yogurt condiment section that sells my favorite......MOCHI balls! Like the ones from Yogurtland =)  I've also used their printing services and the quality is superb with some of the lowest prices you will probably find anywhere.  The print service staff is excellent about giving quotes and answering any questions and even printing proofs before going ahead with the full job.
4	While walking around, I was a little disappointed in how much more scaled back this Costco was. Then I noticed that the aisles were so easy to maneuver and how few people were walking around. This was definitely a plus. Then I went about my shopping and was able to find everything on my list. Okay, so maybe this Costco is not so bad. It doesn't have anything flashy to catch my eyes. Instead I was in and out in 20 minutes with only the essentials and spent less than the normal $100+ that I normally drop.So if I am in this area and feel like self restraint is not my strongest point, this Costco will do just fine.
1	For the amount of money I spend in this location I demand respect. These workers are rude, down right jack asses ( that's a donkey) I can not believe the way they treat people.
5	Wow! I'm impressed! As a manager of 2 restaurants , restaurant depot is my typical stop twice a week! And this place blew my mind! Produce prices and office supplies are insanely cheap here! Any business owner either opening a business or running one have to check this place out! Is their print and copy center does everything from menus to tshirts and even hats! On too of it all the silverware is extremely high quality and at an amazing price! Plus the there's always staff around to guide and and assist you with anything! They even help you load your car! 5 stars all day long!
4	It's always nice to come and shop and to fill up a gas.  reasonable price good customer service they alwaysready to help . if you have a big event this is a good place to shop.
4	This is one of the best places to buy gas here is Vegas.  Their prices are always among the lowest in the city and they have enough pumps to keep everyone filling up in a timely manner.  My friends and I have never been held up here even while filling up during rush hour.  The food is well priced as well so if you are looking to buy food and gas in one trip this is the place for you.
5	Dear Costco,       I love you and I realize this goes against everything you stand for, but can you please consider adding a "small portion" section to your stores? I do not need 5 gallons of sour cream or a bag of rice that's large enough to feed a village. ... If you could do that for me I'd really appreciate it, but in the meantime I will start drinking the 3 gallons of milk you convinced me to buy with your super low prices.  Sincerely,               Your loyal customer Jessica
4	Used the ATM without any charges here.  Alright!This Costco is pretty small  The layout is not like any other Costco.  It reminded me of an actually warehouse, like a Home Depot layout or something.  This location had a lot of sales.  My friend and I wanted to load up and take things home to CA, but knew we couldn't because we had no space in the van.  We came on a Saturday.  There were no samples at all.  Not sure if we were too early, or they just do serve it here.  We bought our things and were on our way.  The lines were really short too.  We decided to drop by the next day to fill gas.  We were shocked to see the parking lot so dead and to find out this Costco location is closed on Sundays.  What a shame...
4	I was disappointed when this store transitioned into a business center but now it has become my go to Costco versus fighting the crowds at Summerlin.  It is set up differently then a normal Costco.  No bells and whistles at all.  I've never seen samples here but I've never seen long lines either.  I usually hit up Costco once every couple of weeks for staples like vegetables, fruits and meat.  In this area I find it very similar to a regular Costco.  They don't except the coupons that you receive in the mail here, but at times I have found frozen items on sale here that are not on sale at the regular store.  As far as gas goes Costco loses a star in this area.  I don't understand why all Costco don't have uniform gas prices.  It's frustrating to get gas in Summerlin or MLK and see a price difference of as much as .10 at times.
