3	My friend Leung's uncle own this place and that is not the reason I am biased! It is good food. It is small restaurant but they are fast!
3	Quick, standard take-out pretty much sums this place up. I got the chicken broccoli and the bf got General's chicken, both with white rice. Sadly, the rice was a little overcooked, but not inedible. My chicken and broccoli (my standard take out request) was really good. The broccoli was cooked nicely, as was the chicken, and the sauce was great! Not too thick, not too thin and had a nice sweet and salty taste. I sampled the General's chicken and thought it had the perfect amount of sweet vs. spicy; however the bf thought the chicken wasn't crunchy enough. Overall, the food was pretty good and, since it's close to where we live, we'll probably go back. Nothing fancy, but worth a shot if you live in the area and are looking for decent Chinese food.IMPORTANT SIDE NOTE: They do NOT deliver! Carry-out or Eat-in only!!! We asked for delivery on the phone and were told they do not deliver and promptly hung up on.
4	Sometimes the best surprises are the ones that you stumble upon. (I like that sentence, I think I'll post that on twitter or my fb status.)Anyway, after a full day of work I was in dire need of inexpensive, don't have to dress up, Chinese food. I remembered that I'd passed a hole-in-the-wall Chinese food place on Montford not too long ago so I thought I'd search it out again and give it a try. It was a great stop and just what I was looking for. There are a handful of booths in the small dining-in area. They have a pretty extensive menu and fast service. I've been there twice in one week and they even made me a dish on request (veggies with pan-fried noodles) and it was really good. The portion sizes are right at that middle ground...enough to share if you are not too hungry or if you try to eat it all you'll walk away feeling a bit too full. This place won't break the bank, nor will it impress a first date. It's great for a quick lunch, casual dinner, or a take-out order. The owners are nice and get your order quickly. The one drawback for my lazy self is that they do not deliver.
1	This is by far the worst chinese food I have ever had. I am still not sure what was in the Crab wontons, and the eggroll had a unexplainable foul odor. Save your money and go hit up one of the bars nearby.
4	This is a little tiny hole in the wall to-go cheap Chinese place but they have enough space for a few dine-in tables.  Is it anything fancy?? NO.  But it sure is cheap and solid.  Where else can you find a lunch special for $4.50 with rice and egg roll (I personally like spring roll better)?  The portion isn't big, so I feel bad for eating the whole darn order in record time since I normally split my food into 2 meals to justify all the craps I eat.  But a girl gotta do what a girl gotta do to fill her belly.  Just FYI, when I eat with my parents here, we actually order a little more authetic Chinese... like Ma Po Tofu and salt & pepper spare ribs, and they are actually really good.  If you don't speak Chinese (assuming that you don't), I wonder if you can still ask for it.
4	One of my co-workers took us here for lunch on a cold and nasty day for lunch. All I can say is that the owner really took care of us. The food was great.We got some Cream Cheese ragoons which were out of this world.I don't know if was my mood, the weather or the food but this place really hit the spot.Was it great to look at??? NO!But what really good Chinese places are?
3	Low prices, quick service and good food. I will definitely be back
4	They actually do roast duck rather well.  You can get 1/2 or a whole one.I wen't here for most of my meals in grad school.The owners are great.  Personable service.ddc
4	I give this place 4 stars because you can actually find AUTHENTIC Chinese food in South Park? Well hello, I thought you can't get real Chinese food unless if you go to Asian corner or central, neither of which are nearby or any nicer to look at. That being said, this place has egg noodle soup, roast duck like some reviewers mentioned and pan fried flat rice noodle. They also have many more option just request for their Authentic Cantonese menu! As for the American Chinese food here, I'd say it's pretty standard, not the best but you can't beat the price. This place is owned by a couple. The husband cooks in the kitchen, his wife takes order and bags your food. A nice couple. Not the cleanest place but hey, if you are here for comfort food that is cheap and nostalgic, you can't expect to have a 5 star dining experience. Overall, if you don't mind the hole in a wall experience, come here for some nice homey food!
3	This small place is not easy to find.  They have a good menu, I ordered the fried beef flat noodle to go.  It was just okay.  The owner speaks Cantonese and I was able to chat with them a bit.  I think I need to order something else next time just so I can provide a better review for this place.  But the first dish didn't pass my test. I will go back to try other things.
4	This place is good for what it is. Cheap Chinese take out. I've eaten here several times and have good good each time. The only weird one that I had was the chow mein, not what I was expecting. One thing that I do like this place for is the egg rolls. Dining in area is small and a little weird for me but they have seats.
5	I've been using Yelp since I don't know when and this is my first review. This is the best authentic Chinese restaurant in town. Hands down. Believe me if you're looking for authentic Chinese food, come here. They have two menus: One cater to Americans that are used to Americanized Chinese food and the other is the authentic Chinese food. Try it and you won't regret it. I love the Singapore rice noodles there.. give it a shot !
3	It's ok. Just your regular ol' "American" Chinese joint. Nothing fancy or stand out. I wouldn't eat-in this place. Didn't seem too clean.
