5	Happy Krispy Kreme Day! I've been waiting for this for months! I didn't go at 6 am (although I strongly considered it) because, let's face it, a year of free doughnuts is the last thing I need. But I wandered over this afternoon for some tasty Hot & Now's. Jam-packed full of people, both in line and in the drive-thru. (Yes, there's a drive-thru. I KNOW.) They had plenty of staff on, taking orders back through the line and handing out free donut holes while we waited. I was in and out in about 10 minutes, even with that giant crowd. The staff was extremely friendly, even though I know they must have been stressed. So glad you're here, Krispy Kreme, don't ever leave me.
5	Yay! A Krispy Kreme shop in the Queen City. I was used to going to the one in Gastonia, but no more. It's worth the wait, seriously. I went around 8pm yesterday and the lines weren't that bad. In and out in 10 minutes (in-store). The workers are great and very professional. I hope they open more shops here in the future.
4	Uh huh...
4	Rule #1 Dont go to Krispy Kreme unless the light is on... well thats a lie, you can go there for an office meeting or a business type thing, but if it is for your sole enjoyment by all things holy, wait for the light!Nice place!  I actually enjoy being able to go in and see the machines pumping out these sugar laced wonders.  I was very surprised to see one employee actually hand dipping donuts.  It may have been their seasonal offering.  So fun to watch and really is part of the experience.The kids working here were very friendly... sincerely nice.I laughed at the police officer in there... PERFECT!They do have a drive through, and perhaps that is needed because parking is somewhat limited.... but how much parking do you need for a 10 minute visit?Only down side... can only take a right turn out.  If ya need to go left, just circle the block.  Easy breezy.
4	Its a Krispy Kreme, and they didn't screw it up.  Very clean location, the staff is warm and friendly. Tip:  If you're approaching it from Sharon so that its on your left, turn left at the light right at it, go down to the next light, turn right, take first right and you'll come up on it via side street.  There is NO LEFT TURN access to the store on Sharon.  Glance at what I described on a map and you'll understand.
2	Krispy Kreme is the In-N-Out Burger of donut shops.  Everyone builds it up to be the mecca of all places and then it's quite a letdown when it doesn't measure up to what you've imagined in your head.  Case in point:  In-N-Out is a generic, watered down version of McDonald's, neither of whose hamburgers I ever want to eat again.We visited the new Krispy Kreme in Cotswold on a Sunday for an afternoon treat.  At 2:00 PM, an off-time I would imagine, they had a pretty good crowd (and the hot donut sign wasn't even on).  They've done a remarkable job with the building that used to be a Wendy's.  It's very impressive looking from the outside, and pretty clean inside (although the dining tables could be wiped down occasionally).  They basically have one type of donut, unlike other donut shops like Dunkin' Donuts which have more donut choices than I have fingers and toes.  Don't get me wrong.  Their one choice tastes good, but it's basically just all the sugar.  Yesterday, though, I sampled the pumpkin spice donut -- a 2nd choice!  It was good, but pretty much tasted like the other because of all the sugar coating.  Everywhere outside and inside there are signs to try Krispy Kreme's new fall pumpkin spice latte.  That is, until you ask for it and they tell you that their one machine for it is broken.  So I ordered a regular coffee.  One that apparently had been sitting out for hours.  It was one of the most awful coffees I've ever had.  No amount of Equal sweetener was going to save it.  Bleccch!  Maybe I should have just dipped my sugar-drenched donut in it.  So, all in all, it was just an okay experience, but I prefer a little variety on the rare occasion I get a donut, along with some decent coffee.
5	Krispy Kreme has been a staple in my food group since I was a little kid. We used to travel to the Krispy Kreme store in South Charlotte just waiting for that "Hot & Now" sign!I'm so delighted to see the bright & beautiful location in Cotswald now. After hitting up a wine tasting, we decided to stop through the drive-thru & get some yummy doughnuts. While the "Hot & Now" sign wasn't beaming, we were happy to have some warm doughnuts to savor.Thankfully, there wasn't a line & we had a nice voice through the speaker speak pleasantly & asked us for our order. We got two original glazed doughnuts & a raspberry filled doughnut. Even the gentleman at the window was very pleasant & quick with payment & getting our order to us. As stated above, they were warm. Needless to say, we couldn't even get back on Sharon Amity without nomming away on our doughy confections.While this location isn't very convenient to where I live, I'll definitely be back!
4	I don't personally like donuts, so I refuse to give Krispy Kreme 5 stars... but, I have to say -considering the store is new and incredibly busy, I did receive excellent customer service when picking up donuts for boss' day today. The staff were funny and in good spirits despite the complete cluster of humanity (most of whom should not have been ordering donuts) they were trying to serve. I miss the Wendy's that was previously at the location, but I'm far less tempted by donuts than a frosty, so I welcome Krispy Kreme to the neighborhood with open arms. I'll definitely hit the Kreme up again for the next bogus office holiday I'm asked to coordinate (being the youngest person in the office blows).
5	I have always been a lover of Krispy Kreme, and I would literally push someone out of the way if they were standing in front of my donuts. I may be little, but I'm spunky, and mean when it comes to quenching my desire for these amazing circles of awsomeness. I'm not even kidding, they are THAT good. There was no Krispy Kremes in close proximity to me when I lived in Ohio, so every once in a great while I'd hop in my car and take the hour drive to get a dozen. Now I'm about 5 minutes away from this sugary awesomeness. This location is great because it's new so everything is shiny and sparkly. When I go through the drive through, it's quick and before I know it I have my favorite treat EVER in my lap, wrapped up in the holiday appropriate box or the green and white KK box that we're all so fond of. If you haven't been, here's your chance. I would say eat one for me, but if you started doing that then your waistline wouldn't be too excited mostly likely because I can put away some donuts...
4	OK OK... since the KK in Matthews is out of commission until Spring of 2013... I went the extra distance to pick up a fresh box of original glazed donuts from the Cotswald KK.  Located right off of Sharon Amity Rd (not quite the corner of Randolph and Sharon Amity) it is easy to get in and out if you are going west on Sharon Amity... approaching the Randolph intersection.  Otherwise you will need to make a little scenic detour on Randolph/Greenwich Rd/ Colwick Rd to really get in from any other direction.  That - or make some crazy U-turns.I did not get to go inside, but the building looks pretty pristine being new with some attractive field stone on the outside of the building.  When I visited, I was in and out of the drive-thru in no time, but the way the building is situated and the parking lot... I can see the traffic getting backed up into Sharon Amity if the guys running the window don't have it together.  Luckily, there are a lot of parking spaces surrounding the building.  Just watch the cars since the building really caters to the drive thru.
5	Best Donughts ive ever hade in my life
5	YUM. I grew up in Winston-Salem where the original KK is located. I've been a fan since I was a youngster. My dad used to take my sister and me to the KK off Stratford after church sometimes for a doughnut. Great memories. This location is clean and the employees are really cheery. The drive through is fast and I've never had a problem parking. My only complaint, which isn't KK's fault, is that it isn't  easy to access  if you're heading north on sharon amity. Luckily I know the back way, but it's still a pain to have to go through some cotswold neighborhood for access. It won't stop me from going, thought!
5	I like donut. The round.
4	A fan's letter to Krispy Kreme: To The GENIUS Who Decided To Put Krispy Kreme Donut Holes In A To-Go Cup:THANK YOU!!!  One for making me feel like I'm eating less calories since "bite sized" donuts can't be nearly as bad as a whole one (ha) and Two for allowing me to drop these bad boys in my cup holder and not make a big mess while driving. - Candyce BPS- The staff says our beloved "Hot Sign" is on 6am and 6pm....YUM!
5	This is Krispy Kreme, is a review of less than 5 stars possible? No. The only challenge with this store is getting here as you have to go around the block. Look for specials online if the panthers win and certain days like Talk like a Pirate or hat day!
5	Bday eat fest wind down...left pizza peel, and raced (20feet;)) over to the krisper;   Lawd have mercy!!  These donuts should be considered a national treasure and protected by the secret service.  Stuck with my tried and true, sour cream cake donuts;  never have had a bad one and the streak continued cause this thing ROCKED!!  Friendly staff, and when I told them it was my bday, I got one for free!!  Great way to end a fun filled day with the familia on my bday!!!
3	I must say that I love a good Krispy Kreme. Have for years. Decades even. The light is like a beacon on a cold night. Or a warm night. It really doesn't matter. When I saw the old Wendy's being removed to make way for something else, my interest was piqued. When I saw that it was a Krispy Kreme, I thought it could be amazing, since there hasn't actually been one in the city limits since the one on Woodlawn shut down years ago.Unfortunately, the location stinks, unless you happen to be next door at the Pizza Peel. Luckily, I am there from time to time, which is why the rating isn't worse.There isn't a whole lot to say about the place - they have turned into something of a rubber-stamp franchise these days, not like the old green counter coffee house that they used to be, where each one was individual and interesting. But when the light glows you can still get a tasty treat, just remember it's like a Vegas casino - getting in is fairly simple (if you're headed in the right direction). Getting out can be a pain.
5	We had no intentions of stopping for doughnuts but the bright orange hot light was shinning bright!  I am glad we stopped they were awesome, literally melt in your mouth! Yummy!
5	BOOM! 5 stars, not only for the product. Everyone knows how good these doughnuts are but the service at this particular branch is wonderful. The manager really knows how to make you feel good, not like you're bothering him for more milk in your coffee. I also received a free doughnut hole to munch on while I made my selection.  Also, my friend and I happened to be there for a day care field trip or something of the sort and we got to watch one of the employees give a presentation on how the heavenly glazed treats are made. It was cute! We got free Krispy Kreme hats to take with us.+++Very clean bathrooms!
5	When the Hot Light is on you simply just can't resist helping yourself to a Krispy Kreme doughnut..... or 12! The drive thru is fast and convenient and located in the heart of cotswald. You really can't go wrong here!
5	Found a Krispy Creme in Charlotte...and you know when that HOT NOW sign is on you must stop!! That red ligt will cause an accident lol. A dozen glazed to go please and some chocolate w/ sprinkles ..gotta have it. Makes me feel like a kid everytime!!! Donuts were hot and fresh and very clean on the inside
5	Dozen doughnuts !! Never disappointed. Hot and delicious :) drive thru was convenient and fairly quick as well ! I'd definitely return!
4	Hotlight (i think) app. lets you know when the doughnuts are fresh. we watched them through the window as they were glazed.  I generally try to eat healthy, so 1/2 of a delicious doughnut that melted in my mouth.
4	Hello friends,I really like this KK. I woke uovwith Applr Fritters on my mind and had 2 go get my fix. Grant it was about 6 in the morning and I'd just got off work a few hours before.  In the words of the late great Rick James, "KK is one hellofa drug". Ok, he said something along those lines. Its a small place with maybe 20 small tables, now that i think of it maybe it's not that small. Speaking of small, the Parking lot is very small and thats the ONLY reason this is A 4 star review.  Just think about when they are busy and its a line out to the street and you can't get in to park and cant get out. YIKESAll in all, I like it.Until next time,TTFN
4	You don't even have to get out of your car. I love the drive-thru!Krispy Kreme is known for their melt-in-your-mouth donuts. Did you know, you can order donuts decorated and in the shape of footballs? Make all your football fans happy with a dozen of these at the next gathering. During the holidays they also decorate really festive looking donuts. They were a hit at a holiday office party. Even if there is a line, they do a good job moving people through and on their way.
