3	Need heaters!!!
4	Hooray, the top of the Lynx line and for the moment it is the last stop. Or the first, depending on which way you're headed. Yes, as the other review says, "Need heaters!" but there is a bit more going on here. The Imaginon Library is right nearby as is the Seventh Street Market which has all sorts of local farmer's market stuff. And of course, some of Charlotte's best caffeine at Not Just Coffee.You might be able to pick up a free wi-fi signal and sit at the wrought iron tables with your laptop on a good day. No power though. Security cameras monitor the station, but you should be aware of your surroundings anyway.Trains are every 15 minutes during off-peak times and every 7 or 8 minutes during the busy "rush hour" times. If you're headed south from the Arena, Stadium or some other big event, you would be well served to walk up to here and have a much better chance of getting onto the train.Audible and visible announcements of next trains and the train driver might also let you know you're leaving soon.Note that tickets must be purchased before boarding the train. The LYNX system does have ticket inspectors and the fine starts at $50.
5	My favorite station. Right next to the 7th St Public Market and ImaginOn. Also a good walking distance to the main library and a few clubs on College St.
3	End of the line. The sidewalk along the light rail also ends here...don't attempt to walk further as it gets sketchy with barbwire and fences further down. Train loops around after this station back to the other direction.
4	Nice, clean, and air conditioned ride.  It cost $2 per ride, or if you're going to be using it for a while, $20 per week.  Some people think its free if you're gonna be staying at the hotels along the route, but that is not true.  I've  been using it for years and was never asked for my pass until this last time. If you're caught with out a ticket it's gonna cost you $50 bucks.
3	Since this is the end of the line (at the moment), it is confusing as to why we have a station on BOTH sides of the track. I was here yesterday, trying to catch the train back to my office (toward 485). I didn't know if I should wait on the 7th Street parking deck side (where I got off) or the ImaginOn's side (in theory that's why you have the station on the other side is because it goes the other direction). So, the million dollar question: Which side should I wait for the train if I'm heading back toward 485 direction?The Correction Answer was: 7th Street Station retail side! The driver literally switches spot and takes the train back the other direction. Good thing is we sat here for a few minutes while he did the switch, so technically you can still make it on the train if you stood on the wrong side.Otherwise this is a great station. One can hop inside the market and get a quick coffee or bite. The schedule indicates a train every 15 minutes during the week and they are SUPER on time.
