4	Found this little counter of a bar in Caesar's by accident.  We were there to surprise someone and were trying to hide in a "corner" of the hotel.  We found this place like a mirage in the desert.  The bartender was friendly and let us sample any of the concoctions we wanted.  They have several different drinks available, but my favorite was the Purple Haze.  Delicious!  They even put fruit in the drinks and it sort of made me feel better about drinking at 10:00 a.m. on a Wednesday!  It was almost like health food, right?!Anyway, the drinks are sort of expensive, but you can get refills for a discount.  The drinks go down smooth and they are a good alternative to the "casino drinks".
4	Numb Bar is located in Harrah's and Caesar's Palace that I know of. Keep the 3D cup and get $2 off whenever you refill your drink. Purple Haze is a must!
5	As my friends and I were walking down the strip, we're noticing a lot of people carrying around these bong-looking things with a variety of colors of the rainbow. I was like, "The hell? I want one too dammit!" Then we ran into Caesers Palace and found the bar that sells em. As we approached the bar, they offered free samples. I swear, when I heard "free samples" with alcohol, I jizzed in my pants.My favorite one was the "Up All Night" with an extra shot. As I finished mine, the bartender told me that I can get a refill with a 3 dollar discount.O_O*jizzed in my pants*
1	Tourist trap!!! The mix you see swirling around behind the bar has no booze in it and by the time they mix it in a big ass plastic cup with one shot you basically get a watered down fruity smoothy. If you want to get plastered then go to fat tuesday they do the extra shots for $1 and are much more into the party scene. There is a reason Numb works with just 1 bartender (locals know they are a rip off). The only plus side is you can ask for there drink 'virgin' and give them to the kids to walk around with in the vegas style cup.
4	While walking the strip I stumbled right in this bar which is located in Caesar's.  The bartender there was very friendly and they offered some samples!  What kind of bar lets you sample their stuff?  I enjoyed my 2 drinks here.  Definitely be back.
4	this place had some delicious drinks. yes yes.. it kinda looks like one of those cheesy places our get yard long frozen drinks at ..... and it pretty much is. but they have a lot of other mixed drinks and cocktails that are all really good.the bartender was super nice and helpful and let us sample some of the drinks. then the drink you order is made fresh. he also let us know that if we brought the cups back we could get $2 off each drink. too bad i didn't keep them.not really my type of place and its kinda in a weird spot in the casino but the service was excellent... and so were the drinks.
5	Numb is a great place to just relax and people watch...i love the drinks and everyone just has a good time! Friday nights are best!!!
4	YUM! Ask for samples, they're all alcohol free before they come from the mixer. Then when they mix 'em up, get ready. They go down fast, taste amazing, and hit you hard! YUM & NUMB
2	I got the 32oz. Mango Kush, I wasn't impressed.  The cups are weirdly shaped with a long straw.
4	Delicious two foot long drinks in a bong-shaped bottle, as noted by the drunk guys walking by.  ;)  "Comfortably Numb" is a mix of strawberries and pina colada - YUM!  The only negative is that refills are only a couple bucks cheaper.
2	WEAK&$$$.  If you don't want Alcohol then this place would be good. I got their "Comfortably Numb" which is their version of a Miami Vice, $18 for a 32oz full of SUGAR..I drank the entire cup hoping to get at least a little buzz, I think I just ended up closer to developing type II diabetes.  GO TO FAT TUESDAY, add $1 for an extra shot of 151 or 2 shots and get your happy on!
3	I remember walking thru Caesars and seeing Numb for the first time.  I thought their drinks sounded pretty interesting.  Actually, I've been wanting to try their drinks for quite some time.I had their All Nighter which had some Red Bull inside.  I got the 'medium' sized cup which was $16.  I think part of the cost went towards the cup since it had a fancy holographic design.  On to the drink, it wasn't amazing, but it wasn't bad either.  But it did it's job though and kept me cool in the 90 degree heat and also gave me that extra oomph that I needed to keep going into the late hours.This was actually my first foray into the Vegas slushy drinks so it wasn't too bad.
5	ive never been to this place but my wife did go here and brought back that bong shaped container. what is a stoner to do. i drilled a hole in it and made it in to a bong.  so far it is my favorite bong i have ever smoked out of. it hits hard.
3	Pretty cool spot to get a drink, they serve a wide variety of frozen drinks that come in a wide variety of flavors. They even have small sample cups for you to taste a few. I ended up getting your basic pina colada, which had just the right amount of booze in it. If you order a big enough size ($18) it comes with a cool souvenir cup. Unfortunately because you're in Vegas the cup will probably not make it through the night. The bartenders here were also quite slow, I had to wait 5 minutes for a drink while the bartender chatted with her friends.
4	Instantly wanted to get a drink here when I saw their drink cups. Look way better than the tacky long ones everyone wants. Got the Comfortably Numb (delicious), it was icy. When I paid for the drink, the bartender gave me a free drink, yay! Think it was Pineapple express? but anyways it was free, yummy and got a cool cup. Oh and did I mention the bartenders were hot? oh yah haha. definitely coming back next time
5	We stayed at Harrah's last week and it has one of the Numb Bars as well as Caesar's.  Taking your drink glass back gets you $2 off.  Fell in love with the mango one!  Wish I had the recipe to make it at home!  It's not super strong which I prefer.  I'm not a lush, just like a nice drink one in a while.
4	I have been to this place twice so far while I have been to Vegas.  The drinks are expensive..$18 for the smaller one, but it is Vegas!  The drinks are quite good.  I got the mango and strawberry.  The alcohol to slushy ratio is great.  They don't mix it that well for you so make sure you stir the drink with your straw well.
1	The buzz was minimal to non-existent, even with the extra shot of liquor for $5. You'll get diabetes before you'll get hammered.A pathetic knockoff of Fat Tuesday at a designer price.
3	If you have ever had a drink on the Las Vegas strip, you know that you are in for one of the priciest drinks you have ever had. Let's be honest though, can you blame them? You're a tourist on vacation and have either won a lot of money in the casinos or you lost a lot of money and need to wallow in an alcohol induced happiness to bring you out of your funk. Well, if you happen to be in the Caesars Palace, you can stumble upon Numb where you'll find an adult 7-Eleven awaiting you with adult-styled slurpees being served up. On a hot Vegas day, it certainly will be welcomed. The slushy style drinks are served up in a plethora of sizes and flavors. I could try to describe the flavors but does it really matter? Just go with a flavor that you are familiar with and you won't be disappointed. It is on the sweeter side so it will cover up that alcohol flavor if you so detest it. The drinks are quickly served up and you can be on your way in no time. After all, there are casinos to hit up and a strip to walk up and down!
3	FREE samples?  How did I miss that?  I went in this place at least twice a day for over a week, never saw one free morsel.They got enticing names for drinks, hefty price for a lot of corn syrup, but I would still pay twice what they charged after walking on the strip for 10 mins. in 110 degree heat.
4	Fun little specialty drink location inside Caesar's Palace, Las Vegas.  Loud music, fruity drinks and very friendly staff.
1	Rip off at Harrah's! Absolutely no buzz effect even after paying $5.00 for extra shot in a THREE SHOT CUP (total of FOUR SHOTS)! And we both get buzzed easily. Two drinks cost us $45.00! All it was was a $22.50 Slurpee with fake alcohol being poured into drink in front of you. Really had hoped it would be good and get a fair drink for what we paid. Expensive lesson to learn. Won't be back and actually able to warn several people away from the counter. They thanked us. But endless supply of tourist coming through to trick.
5	The bartenders are hilarious and friendly! Ive gotten the passion potion twice, a mix of slushies, and a lemonade which was ridiculously delicious! I love coming here to get a drink whenever I'm inside caesars palace.
1	Complete ripoff. 5 shots of vodka in a 50+ oz container of sugar water for 32 bucks. I actually only saw the bartender pour 4 shots, so not sure it was even the 5 they claim.  We tossed it out half way thru, it was so bad.  No kick, and sure as hell isn't going to get you NUMB.  Total false advertising.   If you want to be a winning product, need to make your drinks stronger.  They were so weak.
2	Tasted good but was basically just an obscenely overpriced glass of sugar water, chemicals and a little booze.
3	Completely overpriced lava flows.....BUT... They have Top shelf Liquor so it makes it semi worth the price...Flavors were bomb! Mango KUSH!!!
4	There really isn't much to say about these types of bars in Vegas since they all sell pretty much the same thing for pretty much the same price.I'm giving this location 4 stars because both times I was there this past weekend I received friendly and excellent service
4	Purple Haze was really good! Pay the extra money to make it a double :)
4	= FREE SAMPLE INSIDE HARRAH'S =Yes, you heard me, FREE SAMPLES!It was 110 degrees outside and I was dying from dehydration.  I was thankful when I walked past this portion of the casino and heard a sweet voice asking if I want a free sample.  The brain freeze I got was definitely welcoming!Decided to get the 32oz Souvenir Cup ($19) and mixed my flavors.  Got PURPLE HAZE and MANGO KUSH.  I also got an extra shot of vodka for $5.  Yippee!  While I think it is expensive to pay $24 for a double shot Slurpee, it was money well spent because it kept me happy and cool from the blazing Las Vegas heat.
5	First drink in Vegas since I turned 21 and I LOVE me some fruity drinks so this place hit the spot. You can mix flavors and get extra shots in it as well. So delicious. And the lady that was working when I went was super nice. Definitely visiting every time now!
4	came by because mama just won $75 on the slots and we were waiting to catch our flight. we didn't order one of the sugar filled colored yard drinks. just a good old gin and tonic and vodka soda. our bartendress was very friendly and helpful. even let us sample a fruity drink, the mango one. it was delicious. just can't see myself ordering one. i like my teeth too much to give it cavities. cool place nonetheless.
2	Got a purple haze had 4 shots I drank the whole thing and felt nothing not even a buzz they also gave a free shot with any purchase but if u ask me you paying for it I bought 2 drinks with a total of $48 not worth it I can pay $14 or $11 with my same cup at fat tuesday with a extra shot of ever clear for $1 and be wasted off a 44 magnum with a extra shot for $15 this bar was not worth the price at all.
5	Free samples of frozen drinks. I got the strawberry butterfly with extra shots it was great. There are so many frozen drink bars in Vegas this one is small and nice with tv to watch the game.
3	I have mixed feelings about this place.  It's very expensive, but it IS Vegas. Tasty drinks, but very week.  However, I am a lightweight, so I got a bit of a buzz.  Expect to pee a lot though.Customer service was okay.  The girl didn't seem passionate about the job, but I guess who would be. Also, you can pay $5 for an extra shot to be poured in .  Free samples of the mixes they use, and you can keep your giant plastic container.  I think you get a discount too if you return with the container, but who really is going to come back?
3	Conveniently located inside of Caesars Palace... However, they're not a part of the Total Rewards program that Caesars is a part of. Why would this matter? Well, cause you can't claim your free birthday drink here! While not my personal favorite, it's not a bad bar to try...
1	Try it if you must but realize you are not going to get an a accurate pour for your wallet. The frozen drink is yummy but absolutely no buzz and you are left with a huge bar bill!
5	Love numb! This is a ritual for me in Vegas. Order the 2 smaller cups and bring them back for discount refills. I love the Margarita with an extra shot. The bartenders are nice and cool. They'll even rinse your cup so you can put it in your purse clean for later! They even mix and match flavors if you want something unique (mango margarita, yum!). I always walk to Caesars Palace, grab a numb, eat at Gordon Ramsay's,  then head to the poker room. Watch out for brain freeze, though. Best tasting of the frozen drink bars by far!
4	Numb is conveniently located in Caesars Palace. I stopped by for a frozen drink while exploring Caesars. The staff was down to earth and let us sample different flavors. I chose Purple Haze which was flavorful. If you want your drink strong, it's probably best to add a shot. Customers can mix up flavors. There are cheaper refills if you buy certain souvenir cups. Numb is small but has a lively atmosphere. Prices are high but it's Las Vegas.
1	Avoid at all costs! The amount you pay for a drink you think you would be able to taste the liquor..but you can't! Might as well be a virgin frozen beverage! Oh and we got an extra shot, their extra shot was a sex on the beach shot so once again..hardly any alcohol! MY ADVICE? Go to FAT TUESDAYS! That is where it's at. Decent price and you'll def feel the drinks!
1	Complete ripoff.  32oz frozen drink includes two shots and costs over 20 dollars.  Fat Tuesdays next door has the same drinks with double the alcohol for less.  They try to sucker you in with a free shot coupon but then at the bar tell you it's only good for a watered down sex on the beach.  Avoid this bar there are many better and cheaper places to get your drink on in vegas.
