4	A tropical motif is readily apparent as you cross the wood planks to enter this nicely situated bar/restaurant in South Scottsdale.  The food is above average, the servers are very friendly.  The place got packed around 8:30 on a Friday, but a great place for a date, and its location makes it well situated for those going to one of the numerous clubs in the area.
1	The food is not good.  The scene is difficult to enjoy if you have progressed beyond the frat party stage of your life.
3	I really liked the decor more than anything here. The bathroom was the highlight of my visit. It's all retro with a cool fountain(ish) community sink thingy, so you can wash your hands 'in style'. Nice.The appetizers weren't really going on. The drinks were intoxicating though. A very delicious selection of tropical quenchers to satisfy the thirsty. They came in really pretty Tiki Farm mugs too. It's definitely a young crowd pleaser. Means its not  for you if your a geezer!
4	There's something about Drift that I really like. The patio (which the owners plan to expand) is comfortable and the atmosphere is relaxed. The happy hour goes till 7, and yummy appetizers are all half price. Even better, they have a well-rounded drink menu that satisfies the beer drinkers and cocktails types alike.The frat crowd can get annoying but if you set yourself up at a table on the patio, you'll have so much fun you'll hardly know they're there. Same goes for the ditsy servers.
4	UPDATE: Ach du lieber! The other day, change came to town and made me cry. Drift no longer carries Sierra Nevada. An ugly, ugly thing, I know. At present, I'm not sure how to proceed. I suppose there's always the Fat Tire. You've been warned.========================Drift offers decent beer and wine selections in a pleasant atmosphere. Inside, the decor is a bit like being at Disneyland, but it works well. The food is interesting and enjoyable. Food and drinks can get pricey, but they have to pay for the atmosphere in one way or another. As others before me have pointed out, the service at this place stinks more often than not. They also have a tendency to turn off the misting system on the patio and crank up the fire-spewing tiki torches too early, leaving you in a puddle of sweat during the hot months. They will turn them back on, though, with a request. Drift is looking to expand its patio into the parking lot and add a waterfall. The designs look pretty cool and seem to include cabana-like havens for more private enjoyment. The remodel seems to be in the Wynn Las Vegas vein (waterfalls, lighting, etc.).Bottom line: If you have patience for poor service from cute girls, Drift offers plenty of enjoyment.
4	Great place to start the night out!  It has a South Pacific theme.  Again lots of really sexy people....but where in Scottsdale are there not?   .  More girls than boys!  Right in the middle of everything! They do serve food but I've never ordered it here!
4	Drift manages to take its tiki theme and make it chic. Which makes it  . . . chiki? Sorry . . . anyhow I really like Drift. It draws a more laid back crowd and provides a few different areas to hang out in. It comfortably straddles the line between a sleek lounge and boardshort-ready bar in a non-pretentious way.It gets a little crowded early, as many people swing by for a cocktail at Drift on their way out to the nearby clubs. Stay around for till close and it gets progressively easier to get a drink and relax.
4	This place had a really good vibe, the outdoor patio was a great place to have some drinks, apps and chat with friends. It seemed like a place where folks were start off the night with some really good drinks and some nibbles, then stumble down the street to one of the clubs to go all out. There was a rocket-something on the menu that was really good, the artichoke dip was yummie as was the tuna tartar. The ribs and calamari were ok.. I would stay away from them. Drinks were also made well, just not with heavy SF hands that I'm use to. :)
3	nice lounge. not much to add to whats been said except one time I ran a tab and it looked like this:4 Stolli Vanil's: $20.00   (or something like that)4 rocks: $8.00wtf, I realize it's 110 outside but you charge $2.00 for ice per drink??I'm by no means a cheap@ss but I am a man of principle and thats just lame.
3	I dont mind drifting into Drift every once in a while for some pre-debauchery drinks if I have the extra cash.  I like the vibe there, the patio is comfortable and the bathrooms have great sinks.  And you know how I feel about great sinks in bathrooms.  In the winter the patio is especially nice because they have huge torches which warm it up a bit.  The crowd is pretty touch and go...I've been a few times where I'm the tallest person in the place (SO annoying...I realize I'm 5'10 but dear God did none of you take vitamins growing up?),  while other times I'm pleasantly surprised by the Drift talent pool.  Aside from happy hour, drinks are tasty but pricey.Grab some confidence (and your wallet) , stoll past the gawkers at the door, and you will probably like what you see at Drift.  If not, head to the bathroom, the sinks never underdeliver.
4	I like bars with nice patios and I like Tiki decor, so I really liked Drift. I was here to meet up with a group of friends for happy hour. One of many bars I passed in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale, Drift sticks out with the numerous Tiki torches and Wooden Tiki's. The interior is Hawaiian chic with a huge aquarium that the bar wraps around, very cool! The crowd was fairly diverse and good looking too. This place is lounge only, don't expect to go here for dancing, in fact I don't remember hearing any music playing at all the whole night.The wait staff was friendly and on the ball for such a large crowd. The drinks were kind of expensive for Arizona and I did see a velvet rope go up later on, but they didn't make anyone wait. Over all a great bar.
4	Can't afford to to head to the South Pacific? Head to Drift!  It's certainly not as pricey and you don't have to hop on a plane. Downtown Scottsdale's Polynesian restaurant & bar is a hot spot for happy hour -- they offer a discounted menu on appetizers and selected cocktails. You'll undoubtebly get lost in the tropical atmosphere with the fiery torches and giant Tiki God statue. The drinks have fun names like the Evil Bastard, the Big Chief and the Day Tripper and our served in funky glasses. The food is also tasty. There's more of a club scene here on weekend nights with pulsating beats so if that's not your bag, stick to the happy hour. Check out driftlounge.com for more info on the bar.
3	My husband and I met some friends at Drift for an evening out on a Friday night. We got there before the rest of the group (around 8 pm) and it was dead. There were maybe six other people total there. We sat at the bar and ordered a few beers and the flourless lava cake as we waited for our friends. The lava cake was a great idea...it was absolutely delicious. I was pretty disappointed that they only offer 3 beers on tap...what?? That is crazy to me.  Also, I wasn't completing feeling the house music that played throughout the evening. It was a little too much "hmm skip hmm skip" for me.I liked the Polynesian theme and tiki atmosphere, but it was a little too much for my taste. I like when places have a theme, but not when it is taken to the extreme and that is what I think Drift has done.  Once our group arrived, we sat at a table where service was a tad sketchy.  The bathroom was kinda cool...the faucet was really interesting...I think it is motion sensored. As the night went on the club got pretty full, but when we left at midnight, it was back to being pretty dead. So it seems like Drift might be a place to start or end the night, but not where you will spend your whole evening out.
4	"Where should we go now?""I think Drift is nearby...have you guys ever been there?""No...where is it?"Let me look it up on my phone....it says its less than a mile away..."***5 minutes later...***"Um, where are we?  This looks pretty residential....are you sure this place exists?""The GPS says to make a left, let's just keep walking...""Are those....are those Tiki Torches?""They are!  Thank you technology!" If you didn't know where it was, there is no way you would know it existed.  I stopped in with Bonnie G, Erica O., and the Poop Guy after SMoCA and I really enjoyed myself.  We had a great little booth in the corner, ordered some very strong and interesting drinks that came in fun glasses, ate some yummy vegetable spring rolls, watched a drunk douchebag hit on the hostess (she's the hostess, she can't get away!), and talked about our television habits when we were 11.  The makings of a good night indeed.The kitsch factor is high, which is good because I love me some kitsch.  Dare I say, its also surprisingly almost authentic touristy Hawaiian.   Our waitress was friendly and checked on us often and the food came out super quick.  I didn't think that the DJ was that intrusive.  It was good people watching (not as good as other places in Scottsdale) yet surprisingly laid back.  I will say that they really should add Don Q to their "Exotic Rums" list.  That would have garnered them a 5 star review from me for sure.
4	Great drinks TIKI style!!! Think Trader Vics, but in a smaller, local independent place... The food is excellent and the drinks are amazing! Awesome place to hang out for the evening. It also has a really nice patio.
4	I like Drift, because the decor and mildness of the crowd. It is a pretty low key place, and is on a nice quiet street in Old Town. I wish they had a better beer selection, but the Kuna on tap is pretty tasty, even if it's simply a traditional American Lager. Drift is an ideal place for a group of people to hang out, chill and talk. It's pretty quiet, mellow, and just the right atmosphere for conversation and mild inebriation. I've had the food before, and it's decent, but I prefer winding down at Drift instead of winding up. Drift is definitely a last drink, then go home kind of place.
4	Cool atmosphere, LOVE the 2 for 1 beers during happy hour and their free appetizer buffet was the bomb. Cool atmosphere and nice outdoor area. Only planned on staying until about 8:00pm. When I finally left after midnight I was the last person there!
3	WTF happened to this place?!They used to have great burgers, fries, noodle bowls, food, etc. . . Now it all tastes like doodoo. Food=2 starsHumpability of the ladies who frequent Drift=3.5-4starsOh well.  If you want to get your pre-nightclub mack on, Drift is a great place to do it.Just don't eat there.
5	OMG I love Drift! I went here a whim the first time but now I always try to make it the pre-club stop when I'm in Old Town. I just really love the laid back vibe of the place and the drinks are fun. I have once carried out their giant clam shell drink onto the patio and sipped on it with six close friends. I would never do it again, but sometimes you just want to share a 36 dollar concoction. Come here if you actually want to talk to some of the people you decided to venture out into the night scene with.
3	Not a terrible place to grab exactly TWO cocktails.  Anything less and you've wasted your time reaching the densely cocked bar area, anything more, and you've been chatting far too long with some  maxipad who would mainline toilet water given the absence of blow.Get your two and bug out.
3	Drift is a cool place but I don't think I'd rush back. I went there recently for happy hour and it wasn't very busy. They do offer some great happy hour specials. They have a good number of drinks and appetizers for $5.  Try the Bali bottle rockets -- they're shrimp and cream cheese egg rolls. Good stuff.
4	2 for 1 mai tai's?! You gotta be kidding me! For $10?! Hellz yes! I'm from San Francisco, people. We pay $6 for a beer. Singular. In a dive bar. On a Wednesday at 5 p.m. I could move in here and be perfectly happy. Well, if only I could figure out where the sensor on the massive bathroom sink was to make water come out of the spout. The vibe is great, as I love me some tiki lounge. It's nicer than the Bamboo Hut in SF, by about a mile (no offense, Steveo). The food is meh, but you have enough mai tais and who cares! Next time I would probably forego the appetizer platter in favor of just the free aps and grab some real food elsewhere. (Like paying for a boat at Roy's or the pupu platter at Trader Vics.) The staff was friendly and totally on top of it. I was there for a happy hour but could see checking the place out for later in the evening too, after I've had aforementioned "real" food.We sat at one of the booths but next time I think I'll be heading to the outdoor patio with the comfy looking blue chairs or sitting by the fire on one of those oh so freezing Scottsdale nights. But when I head back to this fair town for spring training, I will fo' sho' be hitting up Drift again and drinking more mai tais than is probably a good idea.
5	My brother, who was on leave, loves this place. Seeing my brother happy is what matters. So, 5 stars goes to Drift. Granted, it was a lowkey Thursday night. Only a few patrons were sprinkled around the place; some even outside close to the fire. I ordered a pitcher of Four Peaks' Island Ale. Why? Because as they said in Boston, it's cheapah! Besides, I had never had it before; it's quite good! Our server was kind enough to let me sample the Kona Lager and the Ale before I ordered. Did I finish the pitcher? Heck no. Can one person seriously drink all that? Wowza. My bro enjoyed their Jack and Cokes. And the music was cool. A very interesting mix. At one point, my bro requested "Pepper" by the BHS. They played it! That made my brother's night, and, like I said earlier, seeing my bro happy is what it's all about. I ordered their little kabob app - one shrimp, one chicken, one beef. It was merely okay. I wouldn't order it again. Frankly, I wasn't impressed with their menu. I probably wouldn't suggest eating here, but if you want to stop in for a drink or to try the rare Four Peaks' brew, then it's a great spot. I like the outside area (minus the smoking) and enjoyed the decor of the inside. Oh, and the servers look like they're actually comfortable at work - comfy shoes, track suits. They're also very nice, unlike other Scottsdale establishments. Like John V said, this place is a cool spot to wind down... or, if you're looking to get out for a little bit, go on a lowkey night. You'll likely have the place to yourself.Again, 5 stars for makin' my lil brother happy.
3	Part of the fun of going to Drift is the people watching, but I also like their appetizers. The veggie spring rolls have a spicy kick to them and their potstickers are not greasy. Plus, I respect the fact that they embrace their kitsch with giant clam shell five-person drinks and mugs shaped like tiki idols. If you need late night dessert, order the chocolate lava cake. Just be prepared for very mediocre service. Our server couldn't tell us whether the bar had anything pomegranate flavored and made mistakes on our check TWICE. And when the place starts to get busy, the service gets even sloooooooower. I'll keep going here because it's something different and you can walk to five or six really fun places to dance - Dirty Pretty, Martini Ranch, Suede, etc. However, Mr Tiki in downtown  San Diego does it so much better.
4	I had a great time here!The patio was fantastic and very comfy.  Lots of fire and couches.The service was the best!The drinks were tasty and super fun, as they were served in big bowls and tiki cups.  Pitchers of mojitos for $20?  Yes please!I LOVED the food.We had:Tuna Poke- Deeelish and a bit spicy, but nice and lightEgg rolls things- Filled with shrimp, chiles and cream cheese!!Ribs, Potstickers, Steaks, Luau pork.... lots of different dipping sauces which were divine on their ownIf only I lived closer.... I love love love it.
4	nice speak-easy lounge in the scottsdale block of bars.  i always enjoy the atmosphere here and one time even saw amber tamblyn sitting up at the bar.  it's a good stop during a night out in scottsdale.  i suggest making this one of your first stops of the night.  it's not too wild and has a good people watching vibe.
2	Well, this review would have been very different had I written it after the first time I went to Drift. I had a blast! It was a friends birthday, there were a lot of people, and good music was playing. Granted it was a Saturday night. My most recent visit, a Thursday, left a lot to be desired. I went with people from work and we aren't the most raucous group, but we aren't sticks in the mud. We walked in at about 7PM and the place was D-E-D dead! Maybe their HH just ended, but there were like 12 people there. We were going to sit outside, but there weren't enough seats to accommodate a group of 8. So inside at a booth it was. When our server came over it felt like were messing up her day. She was cute, but had the personality of wet drywall. Not even a smile for a witty remark about how she was going to hate us in 10 minutes or that she might already. She was a total downer. Then it seemed like they turned on the heat, because a couple of us started sweating.   We all left thinking that we should have gone somewhere else.All in all a poor experience and will not mind if I don't go back.
4	Went here Saturday night with a group of about a dozen girls for a bachelorette party. The crowd was thin when we arrived at 9:30, but it was still a bit early for the full-fledged drinking crowd. The cocktail waitresses were friendly and attentive, and were somehow able to keep the liquor steadily flowing throughout the night. They suggested a drink called "The Grotto" which was a huge sea-blue concoction consisting mostly of various types of flavored rums and floating fruit, served in a giant plastic clam shell with multiple straws for sharing. This was perfect for our group, and at any given time, half a dozen girls would be slurping from the giant clam all night (yeah, that joke was made more times than I'd care to admit).  The music was fun and there was a good mix of people. We sat outside on the couches for most of the night, and there seemed to be plenty of room the entire time. Now, inside...that's a different story...after about 11:00 pm, the music is way too loud to communicate with anyone and it can be very difficult to weasel into the bar and get a drink. If you're lucky enough to score some prime real estate at the bar, the bartenders are great and the drinks are strong - even the super girly ones.
4	Go for the Happy Hour!  $2.00 tap beer and free food.  I'm between successes (i.e., unemployed) and a new fan!
3	I can only speak of the bar scene, and not of the food.  It was a good time!  Wish they had been playing better music, however.
5	Drift can be hit or miss as far as the crowd goes, but I always have a good time.  I have been to Drift more times than I can count.  It's always the fallback place if my friends and I are not not sure what to do or if we are not feeling it somewhere else. Things I've been asked at Drift:-Man grabs my arm as I am walking by (not the best pick-up technique to begin with- randomly grabbing girls).  Grabber- "Hey, you like Grey Goose?"Me- "Um, yeah."Grabber- "Good, cause I wanna get you loose."Me- "That is the worst line ever."Grabber- "Really, it didn't work."Me- "Nope, you might as well have asked if I'd like a pizza and a f*ck."-Guy grabs my arm and forces me to punch his friend. (Again, what is with all the grabbing?)Me to guy I just punched- "Your friend made me do it."Guy who forced me to punch his friend- "Don't worry, he deserved it." I won't go into the rest, but he proceeds to teach me a secret handshake before I can get away.  Then, later in the night when I run into him again, he forgets that he already met me and does the exact same thing to me all over again (hand shake and everything).  He thought I was a genius when I beat him to the punch and already knew the moves.Random guy corners me.R.G.- "Hey what's your name?"Me- "Morgan."R.G.- "My name's Ryan and this is my friend, Ryan."Me- "Really, you're both named Ryan?"R.G.- "Hey, two Ryans don't make a right."Me- silence.  A smirk slowly forming on my face because even though it was lame, it was a little creative.  R.G.- "I have a million dollar condo down the street, wanna go back and have a drink with us."Me- "I don't think so, you could be a serial killer."  Then, I paused because I realized his arm was in a cast.  "Oh, never mind.  You're injured, you can't kill anybody."My friend walks up, probably sensing he needs to save me- "What's going on?"Me- "He wants to have drinks in his million dollar condo, but I said no because he might be a serial killer.  Then, I realized I could kick his ass because he only has one good arm."My friend- "What happened to your arm?"R.G.- "It doesn't work."Me/my friend stare blanklyMe- "What do you mean it just doesn't work?"R.G.- "Remember the whole Firestone tire recall?  Well, I was in a rollover and that is why my arm doesn't work.  I got a really big settlement, so wanna go to my condo?"Me- I have no words.(And no, I didn't go to his damn condo)  Yep, I have found true love and his name is Drift.
4	Drift is a pretty middle of the road establishment amongst the Scottsdale bar/club scene.  I don't think I've ever ate here (well...maybe appetizers once many moons ago, but I couldn't tell you what I had).When I lived in Scottsdale my friends and I would make this an occasional stop while romping through Old Town, and when I was visiting this past weekend we decided to stop in for drinks on a Friday night.  The place has kind of a cheesy "island" decor, which is actually kind of perfect, because it also attracts a cheesy crowd.  I don't mean that in a bad way necessarily.  It seems like its the type of crowd that isn't quite yet too old to be hitting up Scottsdale clubs, but there certainly getting there.  It's okay though, because this place is by no means a "club" it's more of a bar/restaurant.  I do like the patio here.  There's plenty of seating and it's great for people watching.  This last time I was there the waitress we had while sitting on the patio was very quick with our drink orders and had no problem keeping track of individual tabs for 6 or 7 different people (which can be difficult for anyone).  I can't complain about the bartenders or bouncers, there cool.  Everything about this place is just A-OK and I can't really think of anything that stands out (for better or for worst).  I really had no idea how many stars I was gonna give this place before writing this review, but I was leaning towards 3.  You know what though, I'm gonna make it 4.  I'm in a good mood...
4	This has always been a favorite Scottsdale location of mine, but recently it seems to have gotten even better.  With 6 lounge and Mickey's Hangover closing and Dirty Pretty, American Junkie, and The Lodge opening on the NE end of the Old Town party scene has grown, and Drift is right in the middle of it.  The drinks are good, and the bartenders are very courteous considering that they are getting slammed now a days.  There never seems to be an issue with your entire group getting into the bar, even when it is slammed busy.  Beware that drift tends to slow down after midnight as everyone tends to make this stop at about 10 o'clock, and then move on to the other Old Town hot spots.What you may not know about Drift is that they have wonderful food.  The sandwiches are really good, and the Asian bowls are as well good.  It's a great way to start out a Saturday night with a late dinner before getting it started.Drift is definitely a staple in the Old Town rotation, and should be a stop when you are hitting up the scene.
4	My best friend and I just experienced drift for the first time on Saturday, and we had a great time! We had the spinach artichoke dip, and it was to die for. Absolutely delicious, and it was only $5 or somewhere in that neighborhood. The bartenders were nice, and they were on top of their game- my best got drink refills without having to say anything, which doesnt happen often in old town. The decor was a little over the top, but the fire place was key :) If you go in, ask if Snyder is working at the bar. He was cool.
4	I went here for happy hour mid-week a couple of weeks ago. There were only a few people there which was fine, because I like actually being able to hear during a conversation. I ordered a long island and it was STRONG and reasonably priced. That's enough for me to give this place 4 stars considering so many bars water down their drinks.
3	it was 6pm thursday and no one was there but me waiting for friends, and one other table. i heard rumors about a free buffet but i surely didnt see one when i got there. guess there is no point if nobody is there. when my peeps showed up we got a pitcher of kona longboard for 8 bucks. pretty good beer. pretty good deal. pints are $2. the other drafts are kona firerock and bud light. specialty junk is 5 bones. forced to check out the limited hh menu, we ended up getting nachos for 5 bucks. the bartender said they were a good size, but as my friend joleen said, they were "small as balls", "small as premature babies", "small as a zygote", "small as midget balls". truth.the patio is nice. and warm. i know this place can get jammed going into the wee hours of the night, but since i usually just review happy hours, i give it a mehhhh-ok.offcially ill give it 2.7165 stars. good beer and a fish tank.
3	Let me put it this way yelpers...I would not request to go to this place, but if my group wanted to go here I wouldn't have to be dragged kicking and screaming. Walking up, this place looks pretty cool. It reminds me of an upscale Gilligan's. The decor is awesome, with some of the comfy seats. The seating in this lounge makes it easy to talk with your group or even start a conversation with a new group. Unfortunately this is where it takes a turn for the worst. My experience was short lived at drift. The staff was a little snotty for my taste (People we are here to have a good time, put a smile on), and the drinks were pretty weak for what the price was. Not a good combo. My advice is get a little toasted at a cheap place before you go here. Their drinks aren't worth the money. I only stayed for one beverage at this place, not by any fault of drift I have to say. I had a creepy guy follow me around the whole night. It goes back to that great seating that makes it easy to make good friends...I guess it was a little too much of a good thing.
4	So, an update with another fun conversation from Drift.Standing at the bar waiting for my drink, I turn to see some guy smiling at me and tipping his drink in my direction as if to say hello.Me: "What are you drinking?"Guy: "Beer."Me: (duh) "What kind of beer?"Guy: "Budlight."Me: "Oh...well, that's pretty average."Guy: "What do you mean average?"Me: "I mean common, I guess."Guy's friend: "I'm drinking a Blue Moon."Me: "Oh, that's not bad."Guy: "Well, fuck. I'm not rich."Me: silent stare I probably should have said something snarky back to him, but I just slowly side stepped away while giving him the 'you are crazy' look. The guy tried to talk to me again later that night.  I told his friend that he was mean and somehow that escalated to his friend doing some sort of weird hand hold thing with me every time he walked by.  It was like his hand raped my hand in order to make me feel better about his friend being weird.  I don't know, I was a little drunk and it seemed so comical that I just went along with it. I also have to add that it is pretty easy to grab a drink at the bar even when it's crowded.  I never have to use the trick where I pretend that I am about to throw up so that people will move aside.  Ok, I've never actually had the guts to use that trick, but I am sure it would work.
1	Updated... they stopped serving Malibu Rum last year so it's no surprise they've closed and changed the theme of the place. MRB REJECT!!Prior Review:Ahhhh. Happy hour in the islands. Fruity drinks. Lots of Malibu Rum. Wait!! I'm in Scottsdale?? Darn!! Still a cozy little tiki bar with great happy hour specials!! Great, friendly staff. Go forth and drink fruity island drinks, people!
1	I'm all about the tiki thing and the patio but this place is just trashy. It's obvious that this is first on the list for every guy who just turned 21. Everything had a thin layer of barf on it.
3	This place is great if you just wanna hang out and grab a drink at a place that has more energy than a restaurant bar.  the line is never too bad to get in or order a drink-i'm never waiting at the bar for very long before someone is asking me what they can get me.  As far as the crowd goes-i've always ran into a very international variety.  People from Chile, Argentina, Australia, England, Mexico, Spain...i'm not sure if anyone else has found that but it seems to be my personal luck i suppose.  I have never had any issues or drama with the people here and can always rely on it as a cool place to go if no one can decide on anything...
4	I can't say I have ever been to Drift other than late at night. It is usually pretty packed and the drinks aren't horribly overpriced. I found one weekend, when I went two nights in a row, the doorman remembered me from the first night, and didn't card me, makes you feel important.The decor is Polynesian with a giant fish tank behind the bar. The layout at times can be a bit frustrating when you're trying to move around, or find the bathroom and its crowded. The table area is relaxing to sit down, and the cocktail waitresses are quick to serve you.I'd recommend it for groups and a good place to end your night. There are plenty of taxis to catch, but after 2am there are so many people outside, finding an empty one can take 20+ minutes.Oh and the music is pretty good, and the DJ takes requests.
4	I've been here twice. Unfortunately the first time I was a bit too intoxicated to remember much except a really cool large bowl of alcohol that I shared with 3-4 other people. That probably added to the lack of memory.I went recently with the BF and his cousins and was more sober this time around. We arrived on a Friday night around 11pm and it was pretty packed! Beautiful people all around. We finally got a round of drinks with the bartender and headed to the patio where we were able to find some seats. They play pretty cool music, not your standard overplayed radio songs and their decor keeps the vibe low key but fun. The crowd is young professionals, not crazy college kids but not old fogies. Drinks run about $5-7/each, which is pretty cheap compared to CA!
4	Went here once...reminded me of the Peppermill in Las Vegas - minus the hookers.  I do recall the bathroom being a little small for the 1,000 people trying to get in there.
3	Don't know about the nightlife scene here (anymore) but you really can't beat their happy hour. Its the good 'ol 2-for-1 cocktails and free food until 7pm! Can't beat that.
4	Went here after escaping from American Junkie. .Much better atmosphere and scene. Dig the decor... met some guy from Cali who works for a toilet paper company. Very awkward pick up lines... But the bartenders were hot.. and hooked us up with some free drinkies. So I would definitely go back. Next time I hit up the PHX.
5	I might be too generous considering I've only consumed vodka tonics here, but man! I love this place.It's quite simple, really. Starting a Friday or Saturday night off right to me, means coming to Drift for beverages, eye candy, booth dancing, and giggles. I love the layout. Its very cool and classy. The lighting is just sexy too. Luckily, when I've been here it hasn't been over crowded and there was a live dj who i wanted to give a big fat kiss on the lips. Amazing place to start prior to a night of dancing your ass off in old town Scottsdale.
3	The big ol' bowl of blue punch was delicious.  Only wish I had stuck around my table long enough to have more than a sip of it!  As part of a Bachelorette Party group, we were roaming the place, trying to convince guys to help us complete our super long scavenger hunt list.  I was amazed at how friendly the dozens of patrons were... and for the record, our group won the game (we even convinced a guy to drop his pants and give us his boxers... drunk guys are fun). This looks like a fun spot to return to for a happy hour in the near future... and maybe then I'll be able to make a second attempt at drinking the punch :)
4	Matt and I will admit that we are total booze hounds. So no wonder why we love Drift. I can order a pitcher of mojitos for $20 and Matt can order a pitcher of draft beer for $9. What a steal of a deal!Normally it costs me $10-15 for a single mojito. But at Drift, my $20 goes much further. I can get a pitcher that provides 4-5 glasses! And a pitcher of draft beer for merely $9? A lot of places charge $9 for one glass!At Drift, the two of us can grab a comfy booth, take pitchers of our favorite drinks to the dome and drift away to the DJ's beats. Does it really get any better than that? Actually, yes it does...Now the next part of my story has nothing to do with the fact that on this specific occasion at Drift, each of us drank our own pitcher of booze plus some pre-gaming before our night out. We would totally do something like this sober (just ask friends, family or people who've invited us to their wedding, they've seen our antics).Matt and I really enjoy breaking it down on the dance floor. Our moves are legendary. I challenge anyone to a dance off. We'll chew your moves up and spit them out.Anyway, that particular night at Drift, we loooved the DJ's music because he was playing more than just the standard overplayed pop radio hits. Suddenly... MJ's "I want you back" came on... I couldn't hold back any longer... I grabbed Matt's hand and pulled him onto the dance floor... We unleashed our moves...We brought out the robot, the shimmy, the shake, the fax machine, the sprinkler, the arm sway, the twist down and up from the floor, the running man (just to name a few). Matt even did his famous Michael Jackson dance.Normally, our dancing isn't so welcome at Scottsdale clubby spots where people are bumpin and grindin. Those pretty people clones just aren't cool enough to let loose and be themselves. However, the crowd at Drift is a little different. People were not only smiling and laughing (normally they just give us the stink eye or look at us like we are aliens - I mean heck, maybe we are!) but they joined us on the dance floor and started having fun too! Then, I started the Macarena. I don't do that dance often as its special, and only reserved for specific occasions. But I felt the need to share this awesomeness with everyone. I HAD to get people to Macarena with me.And you know what? I got a group to join in! It was awesome. People were thanking us, saying that they haven't been that "silly" in quite some time - wow I thought to myself; you must lead such a boring life! I dance like this all the time!Moral of the story is, be yourself! And Drift has that fun, laid back, be yourself kind of atmosphere. It's a friendly spot! Of course there are some d-bags and super skanks like a usual Old Town hang out, but Drift is a little more watered down than a place like Axis (puuuuuuuke). Drift's tiki-themed interior is pretty intricately designed with dim lighting, tiki statues, bamboo shrubbery, cozy seating and greenish blue coloring. I also really enjoy drinking my mojito pitcher out on the patio. They have awesome happy hour specials and a great atmosphere for any sized group. Every time I've been it hasn't been uncomfotably crowded either. Oh, and did I mention that I love their DJ's music?If you're ever at Drift and you see two crazies on the dance floor, come join us! We just might convince you to join our electric slide, conga line or limbo how low can you go contest. You never know!
1	This is a bitter review.  The place doesn't really deserve 1 star, but I was asked to leave by a bouncer, and when I opened my mouth to protest, he grabbed me and escorted me to the door.  There is NO reason for a bouncer to get physically aggressive with a non-aggressive patron.  This guy was a meathead, and even seemed to have some roid rage if I'm not mistaken.  When are bars going to learn that by employing these types you lose business?  I would never go back there, and that means anytime I'm with my friends we will avoid the place.  DIPLOMACY is the name of the game in bouncing.  If you must kick someone out, do it in a discreet, non-confrontational way (unless the person was being violent to begin with, in which case feel free to put him in a half-nelson and toss him out the door)
5	Been closed awhile, the website lives on FOREVER
