2	I am not really a big fan of pizza, even less so of mediocre ones. Right now my stomach is unhappy with me over my impulse choice for lunch.  The peperoni pizza I got was lukewarm, greasy and chewy.  Flavor wasn't too bad.There is no inside seating, the one time one of my employees went over to get lunch for the crew she had to wait outside.  So it is take out or delivery only.  They (crew) did say they thought the subs were better than the pizza and both of them like pizza.So how did I end up consuming a 12" pizza for lunch?  Every so often in the late morning one of their drivers comes through the complex offering pizzas for $6.00 (used to be $5).  That really is a pretty good price for a delivered one topping pizza.  Selling door to door like that I didn't even think about a tip and after eating the pizza I didn't feel bad about it.  You do have to admit it is a pretty good marketing scheme to hit up industrial areas just before lunch.  I think he only starts with 10-12 pies so they cannot get too cold before he is done.  I usually pass and will for quite a while yet now.
3	Not bad, guy offers a $6.00 pizza door to door, Is this legal? I got on yelp to verify if this is a real place.  I still have not been to  43rd Ave and Bethany Home but I will next time im in the area.  I look forward to try a sub, thanks Scott
5	I love this place.  The pizza is ALWAYS delicious.  I just wish they delivered to my home, but I have been known to drive the extra couple miles.The ingredients are fresh, its a mom n pop place..  I LOVE UHT!
5	This pizza place is close by to where I work and we've run into the owner from time to time shopping at Restaurant Depot, so it was only natural we were bound to try it out eventually.  This place is definitely a step above Pizza Hut and Domino's so stop ordering at those places right now and support a local business!  My favorite is the pepperoni with jalapenos and a side of cheesy bread.  Definitely get the cheesy bread.  They serve it with a side of melted butter and I swear you'll never reach for marinara sauce again.  The wings are also awesome and I'm not even a wing fan.  I've been dying to have the boyfriend check it out as he's a wing connoisseur and I know he's going to love these.  I live close by, but I'm moving soon and need to get food to feed my hungry helpers, so we'll definitely be ordering up a huge spread for every to fill up on.  Too bad that after they eat no one will feel like lifting anything heavy.
5	Pizza and wings are very good and the price has always been low. This is by far our fav place to eat. We have tried many of the locations around this area but Pizza Mia is the best.
4	These little hustlers are the bomb... were were enticed to purchase a pie after the guy dropped by the Hoot Owl bar on 43rd and Bell rd. I asked if they were any good and he gave us one.. free. We scrounged about 5 bucks and paid for it anyway. The pizza was just about a prefect little classic style pizza, nothing strange, nothing outstanding but man it hit the spot while ending our night out. Thanks Pizza Mia. C U around.
2	I would rate it 3 stars, but the service was horrible. My buddy and I went for pick-up and he had an Entertainment Book coupon which was a "Buy one get one free." The guy working the counter wouldn't honor the coupon. He kept saying that they were running a special that was a better deal than the coupon. A line starting forming and we just paid the full price to avoid the hassle. Granted, if you are expecting to pay full price, it may be worth it. If you have a coupon, don't even think about it.
5	My first yelp review! The food here is always consistent. It's nothing crazy, just good pizza joint fair done right. Great service. Delivery times are always pretty good and prices are pretty fair considering they're so much better than the rest of the pizza places in the area. I order from them once or twice a week so I figured they deserved a nice review from me
2	I kept hearing how great this place was, so I decided to give it a try.  Unfortunately, I found it to be so-so.  We ordered a pepperoni, an Ultimate and a large order of  breadsticks.  I tried the breadsticks first and they tasted great, so I was pretty encouraged about the pizza.  I tried a slice of the Ultimate and it was very bland.  The canned toppings were rubbery and the sauce had no flavor.  The only thing this pizza had going for it was the crust.  The pepperoni pizza was also bland, with its flavorless sauce and minimal pepperonis.
5	Made from scratch crust, flavourful sauce, and lots of delicious cheese make for awesome pizza. There cheesy bread with butter sauce is sooooooo good.  Baked not fried wings are the best I've had!  Friendly staff with great personalities. Yes the pick up area is small and sometimes crowded but I'll take a $5 pizza from a local business over little ceasers any day! Soooo worth the trip.
4	I'll tell you I'm a huge pizza critic, and for 5 dollars it doesn't get any better than this. The cheese is so tasty and the sauce is zesty and yummy. Also, the bread sticks with the butter sauce is oh so heavenly. Definitely one of my local go-to pizza joints
5	Best pizza ever. I live across town and still go to this place for the pizza. I compare pizza to this pizza nothing compares at all. You get the best pizza for the best price 5 bucks. You can't beat that!
1	Delivery boy never showed up. Manager does not seem to care.  Not recommended
1	Horrible pizza, paid $20 for a large pizza and the mushrooms are from a can. I rather have purchased a pizza from the grocery store for $10
5	Best pizza joint around. And there is some good pizza in this neighborhood. Wife had mia minis. There little cinnamon bites with icing side. Nice little treat.
5	Love this place. Great wings! We order regularly. Great customer service and great food.
5	I really have a disdain for franchise pizza. I support local pizzerias as they produce the best product. Pizza Mia pizzas are the best I've had while here in Phoenix. One evening, I ordered takeout and they prepared my order incorrectly. Which wasn't a problem as it was a size smaller then ordered. The owner quickly decided to add another 12" to my order! You now have a loyal customer.
