5	My lashes are beautiful. I love that people notice my eyes but don't know it's my lashes. The person was professional and talked me through the whole process. I have Recommended Le Lash to all my friends.
5	I was in town for a wedding and need my lashes done. The young woman who owns the Business came to me. That's big points in my book. She was very sweet and did an amazing job! I wish we lived my town. I would definitely recommend her. Great prices and very professional. My eyelashes looked so full and beautiful! She was so helpful and told me a few good restaurants to eat at to. I'm hopping she dose gift card as I would like to get one for my friend (the bride) as a birthday gift. I'll be going back to her when I'm back AZ!
5	My experience with Le'Lash was fantastic! The women was prompt and came fully prepared in a professional manner. The process was nice and relaxing. I enjoyed having a conversation with the technician as well! Since I had my lashes done I have had over 10 people compliment me on them and ask for her contact information. In a heartbeat I will refer Le'Lash to anyone. I have had my lashes for a week now and they are still in perfect condition.
5	Taylor is great! She's always willing to work a time out to set up an appt that will work best for me and she's the sweetest person! I moved here from Salt Lake City Utah and have been to 3 other places that were very pricey. So glad I found Le Lash, the prices are so affordable compared to other places in Scottsdale. I would definitely recommend Taylor to get beautiful lashes!
4	Had a great appointment with Miss Taylor. She is very nice and did a great job applying the lashes. I would have liked a hand out on the care and maintenance of the lashes but I think that Taylor is going to work on putting one together. Overall my friend and I had a great experience; we were super excited to get it done and were not disappointed at the end. We both now have beautiful, luxurious lashes and recommend it to anyone looking to get this done!
5	If I could give her more stars I would give her ten! She is so good and the price is way to good to be true! Taylor is so sweet and nice. She always makes time for me to get my lashes done! I come to town for Business an every time I do she works me in! I would definitely recommend her for your lashes!
5	I recently just moved to the area and have been having the hardest time finding a great place to get my lashes done. Luckily I have found Le' Lash! Taylor is so great. She takes the time to really counsel you on the process and different looks of the lashes and the appointments are quick and easy. After I left my appointment I had several people comment on how great and natural they looked. I have already recommended Taylor to several other people and Le Lash has become my go to for my lashes.
5	We are so excited to welcome Taylor to our home at Heidi Boutique!  From the first time Taylor did my own lashes...I knew she was a true gem. Friendly, professional, creative and knowledgable---not to mention the most beautiful lashes Ive had...and look so real! Stop by or call her for an appointment! You will love your lashes! xo Heidi
5	My lashes are fantastic.  I've been to other lash places in Scottsdale and been very disappointed.  The lashes just didn't stay on.  Le' Lash's product is much better.  And she was really fast at applying the whole set.  Don't waste your time or money by going anyplace else.
4	I'm so glad I found Le Lash. The prices are really reasonable and Taylor is so great to work with! It's always a friendly relaxed experience and the lash extensions are awesome!
1	.
5	Taylor is AWE-MAZING!  By far the BEST lashes in the valley!  She is very professional, on time, talented, and sweet.  She goes above and beyond to make sure her clients are 100% satisfied AND looking beautiful before leaving!  I have referred her to several of my girlfriends and we all agree...Taylor is the "IT" lash professional!
5	I have had the best experience going to Taylor for my lashes. She is always professional, on time and very accommodating to work with my hectic schedule. My lashes look incredible every time I leave.  Taylor is a hard worker and gives her clients the best quality lashes. I've been to many places in the valley and nothing compares. You won't be disappointed!
5	I've gone to two different salons for eyelash extensions and Taylor is by far the best!! I am so pleased with how they look and how long they last not to mention her very reasonable prices. She is personable, professional, warm and caring. I have recommended my friends and they all agree what beautiful lashes she does. I get compliments on my lashes all the time!
5	Taylor is FABULOUS!  She does a great job everytime and I love talking and laughing with her.  It's like a little relaxing therapy session everytime I go and my lashes look great when I leave.  I have had so many people approach me complimenting my lashes.  I don't even have to wear make up on my eyes if I don't want to.  Thank you Taylor!
