4	Not a lot I can say because I seriously visit McDonald's locations for one thing only: the Vanilla Reduced Fat Ice Cream Cone! It is very delicious, just one dollar (range between 99 cents to $1.29, not including sales tax), and just 170 calories! I cannot complain. We went through the Drive-Thru for our first visit and it went smoothly. Short wait with just 3-4 cars ahead of us. Clear speaker, the associate asked us to verify our order on the screen (great!), and there were separate windows for paying and receiving your food. Everyone was very cordial as well. I'll be back!
1	I was so excited for this McDonalds to open, it's about time we get a food place in that location. So you can imagine my disappointment with their terrible service and bad quality food making!! Worst. Worst. Worst. I get they are new. I do, so the first few times I went, I kept my cool, didn't complain, smiled, etc. I like to go mid-morning on my way to work for either just coffee and a Sausage McMuffin with no egg... How complicated of an order can it be??!! Sometimes I will mix it up and get a combo meal, this is usually where they royally screw it up. I'm irritated just thinking about the visits Ive had and how 4 out of 5 visits they screwed something up. To make this brief, here are my major issues. I order Splenda to be added to my drink. I'm in my work clothes, and I don't want to pull over and carefully add it myself and spill on my clothes since they A) they always fill it too high, and B) I don't want to make any more stops! Cheese: hardly ever melted on the Quarter Pounder, or Big Mac and I've tried about 3 or 4 times. Cheese not melted, or the tiniest blob of sauce! I wanted the new habanero ranch, couldn't even taste the sauce except for one bite! Plus it was luke-warm at least twice! The hot & spicy with a tiny splash of mayo? I mean, really! I ordered an iced Caramel Mocha, get to the window, she hands me the latte, it had no caramel on the whip, so I ask, is this the Caramel Mocha? She stares at me blankly and says yes, I say, I'm used to it having caramel on top, she says its a caramel mocha, so off to work I go, I'm already late because they are super SLOW, and sure enough take a sip after I'm gone and it's a regular mocha. Pathetic service!I did write in to corporate after my 8th or 10th attempt to do business there.. And the manager called me and apologized. Told me to come in and get a free combo on him. So not happening. Go in so they can remember me as the Girl who called them out for their shit slow service, always messing up my orders,  and crap food making? No thanks. I would have rather had some coups sent so I could remain anonymous. Oh well. I just drive a few more blocks down to Rainbow and Blue Diamond location if i have the extra time, they are great! As for this place? Shame on you for STILL not being able to get your shit together! One positive note I will say is there are two very friendly employees there. They work the drive thru taking orders/$$ I wish I had their names! Will I be back? Sadly probably yes, it's very convenient for me on my way to work when I don't have time to go to rainbow location.. But I limit what I get, try to keep it simple and always hope for the best... Maybe someday they will be a great location... As for now? The McDonald's Corporation would be ashamed!!!
1	ok so yes they are new and yes it looks nice inside,but every time i go there my food is always i mean always wrong,and to make it ever worse is when you ask them to fix it and they still get it wrong, Thats pretty bad. And there are a few mangers there that just need to quit or be fired,they are rude ,they interrupt you when your tring to explain what was wrong.How does a sausage egg mcmuffin with no cheese turn into a ham egg and cheese biscut.
2	Knowing how bad the drive through service has been I went inside and placed an order for a burger. The lobby wasn't trashed but in a need of a sweep and a wipe down. I ordered my Habanero Quarter Pounder and sat at one of the only clean tables in the store. The register guy did come out to sweep and while he did try his best I have to wonder why he choose to move the chairs at my table and sweep below my feet (remember that it was the only clean table in the store) and ignore what I'm only guessing was a hunk of apple on the floor at the table across from me or the fry and salt residue on the seats of the same table? He even went so far as to pick up a stack of napkins from the floor and put them onto the table top. I know I know young kid working his first job trying so hard but he/they desperately need to go back to the McDonald University and get some remedial training or this store is going to fail to earn repeat business from its locals.
1	This is got to be one of the worse McDonald's ever, even surpassing the McDonalds In Hawthorn Nevada!Stopped there two times in two days, I was sick and didn't want to cook or get out of the car. Plus, as a child when I got sick my mother would buy me a Big Mac.Anyway, we stopped and went thru the drive thru, it was pretty quick both times. Our larger truck fit through, so that is a good thing.The first trip, my husband, also sick, drove off as soon as the food was handed to us. I'm all like what are doing? I haven't tried the fries yet! Anyway, the fries were either over cooked,( I don't think so), or cooked twice. The amount of salt was unreal and the fries were cooked beyond crispy.Second trip, the fries looked like McDonalds fries just not very warm, and yes he drove off before I tried one. We get back to the R.V. resort we're staying at and I try my Big Mac, almost no sauce and very bland. The patties also look like they have gotten smaller.The two ladies at the window were not overly friendly but not rude either. If you want a burger just stop at In and Out across the street.
3	Pretty new McDonald's, used to be a KFC. It's nicely renovated and designed but tables are often not wiped and cleaned and last time I was there, they had no more ketchup next to the soda. This place is run by mostly by teenagers. Menu is displayed on techy monitors which I love. Management could be better. Room for improvement. Nothing amazing but not bad.
1	Do I have to give them 1 star you all should consider this a negative star.Absolutely the worst fast food service I've ever experienced.Every order I've gotten has been in some way or the other wrong.i check every order but I'm not opening boxes n unwrapping sandwiches.Today I ordered an egg n cheese Mc muffin got em home n they put ham on em.the worst one was couple of months back they had those wings n I ordered them n sat at window for 7 min been in line for 10 then Mgr asks me to pull up to wait in s designated space .I'm just sitting there before I realize I've been there another 10 min and there are no cars in line. I drove over to front door went in an there's the Mgr sitting at a dinning room table eating.i asked her where my food was that I've been waiting for 15 minutes outside.i was so mad I just took my food n left.2 months later stupid me went back for another screw up.Buy the way this Mgr is on duty 90 percent of time I go there.I was a Mgr for 20 years in fast food n sit down I wouldn't hire this lady as a cashier
1	By far the WORST McDonald's I've ever been to!!!  If I could give it less then one star I would.  I live right down the street so this is the easiest McDonald's to get to, but ever time I go the wait is ridiculous, the serve is horrible, and the food is thrown together!  I suggest everybody go to the McDonald's off rainbow instead because it going to take just as long either way.   And their staff is a lot more friendly!!
1	I'm sorry to agree with everybody's comment here, it's by far the worst drive thru experience I've ever had in my entire McDonald fan!!   I ordered choc chip frappe and 2apple pie; when I got to the window to pick up my order (which took 35mins) I was asked if it is ok to not have a choc chip in it because they ran out?  What?Really?They should have said that 30mins ago so I could have left and not waste time waiting for me paying full price for half service?? You joking right?If there's zero negative star on here, they'll get it!
1	Went through the drive thru and this Filipino lady forgot to give me dipping sauce for my nuggets or napkins. So I kindly asked her, how come you guys never ask me if I need any sauce like other places? She said, don't tell me how to do my job. Easy cowgirl!
3	This place is like any other MCD's locations. The drive thru is pretty quick and my order was ready as I pulled up to the 2nd window after paying. Exactly how a drive thru should be!
1	Had ordered a big Mac and jalapeno double and it is the first time I had to call and let them know how the food is. The big mac's lettuce was soggy and old and the jalapeno double had little to no sauce and three jalapeno slices. The fries were refried over and over cause they were Brown and way over salted. I called and the manager was super nice apologized and offered me two meals at no cost and never mentioned I needed a receipt because I had already told her I threw it away. She said she would just write down my name and put it in the books. I take up the offer on a different day and they don't know what I'm talking about, I pay but get home and the buns are burnt and the order was wrong again. I asked for no meat on the mcmuffin for my daughter and what do they add on, meat. Yeah I can take it off myself but the point is is obviously they do not listen to there customers or just don't pay attention, I mean every encounter there they always forget, or simply make a mistake. Either way I'm taking my business else where. Management is not organized and you can't trust their words! The crew is super nice though! I didn't want to have to post this or the pictures but they aren't listening so maybe they need to see it, pretty sure I wouldn't need a receipt now.
1	The last time I went here, the dining area was literally infested with flies. Flies everywhere. I could barely fill my soda cup because I was so mortified by the swarm of flies that were surrounding me. It was gross and I've never been so terrified in a McDonald's.
2	Seriously, an order of 20 pc nuggets and you give us TWO sauces when I asked for sweet n sour & honey mustard! (Only honey mustard was in there) If you're a normal person, you know it takes maybe four-five sauces to finish all nuggets. You guys are ridiculous.
3	My visit here was my cycling lunch stop, so I was probably more happy than the average patron to see these golden arches.  This McDs is renovated in the dark-wood-meets-quasi-Starbucks-style and while all appeared trendy and chic (one could even watch the game on the suspended flat-screen TV), closer inspection revealed a floor that needed to be swept and a few tables that required a good wipedown.  We had to wait longer than I wanted (10 minutes!) for my food, but then again, I was only half done my 50 mile ride at that point and wanted food NOW.  Also, exacerbating the wait, I know that drive-thru customers get priority, due to corporate demanding fast order-to-receipt times.  However, my fries were salty and hot, my burger was fresh and tasted the same as other McDs burgers I've consumed, and child chatter was minimal.  ;)
1	Don't come to this mickey D's. The service is very poor. Ordered 2 holiday pies last night through the drive through but DID NOT RECIEVE THEM . Tried to call the number on the receipt but busy for ten minutes. Went back to this store and was told by manager it takes ten minutes to cook pies! What? Drive down a few blocks and get awesome service at rainbow and blue diamond!
2	It's so nice to have a McDs close, and regardless of the service, we still frequent this location LOL... But... The double drive thru is tricky. You can be the first to pull in, but if the person taking your order is slow, then the car next to you (who pulled in after you) will cut in front of you. I've had this happen a million times in the morning when I'm in a hurry to get to work. When this location first opened they would ask if you wanted cream/sugar in your coffee, several times I asked for cream and Splenda and got sugar instead. I've noticed lately, that they don't even ask anymore, in fact I have to ask when I get to the window, and they don't seem sad at all that I have to pull over and fix my own coffee. On the flip side, at least it's done right.....
