5	I have been a customer of DK Buell since I've moved to the valley 15 years ago.  They have always provided excellent service and take the time to find out where problem areas are and ensure adequate treatment.  The man who comes to our home always remembers the issues we tend to have monthly and I never have to remind him.  They are extremely thorough, and even when I forget to move my pets dishes, they do it for me.  Unlike the big companies, this company ensures each and every customer is attended to and is given the service they deserve.   I can't imagine using any other company.
1	We have been a repeat customer with DK Buell for many years.  Their level of service has continued to go down every year.  The last few visits the service guy seemed to just be day dreaming thru the visit.  Now you cannot reach an actual person in their office.  Everything goes to voicemail and you hope for a callback.  Most recently I made an appointment the week before and the day of the appointment the truck just never showed up.  I sat around for the entire 2 hour window, plus an additional 2 hours waiting.  No call, no explanation.  And because no one answers the phone at their office no way to know whats happening.Absolutely no way I could recommend this business.  Save your time and frustration and call a more reliable company.
5	I had an ant from hell problem.  I bought sprays, powders, tried every holistic method I could find online.  I swear the ants laughed at me!  If I laid out powder they shimmied through it and danced together to show me nothing would stop them.  My dogs food, my sink, my pantry, my spice cabinet...nothing was sacred!  Then I called DK Buell when a friend referred me to them.  Literally from the moment they sprayed until now (months and months later) I have yet to see an ant in my home.  Their method was safe and effective.  I have 3 dogs and 4 kids so non-toxic was a major concern of mine.  There were no complications or problems--unless you had six legs and an exoskeleton!  I am so happy I stopped fighting a losing battle and called DK Buell.  It was honestly the best money I spent on my insect war.  I cannot say thank you enough.
