5	This place is one of those hidden gems you find. It's pinball in Las Vegas that isn't the Hall of Fame or a Casino. A collection of 20 or so pinball machines and 10 or so classic arcade machines tucked away in a business park.The twist is that all the machines are on free play and you pay what you want. The place is clean and the games are in great shape. What more could you ask for?The are open varying hours during the week so I would check the website.
5	Hard to find, it's sort of behind the Blue Ox bar, but once you find this hidden gem, you won't reget it! Donation based pinball and arcade games! it may be a small place, but if you are into arcade games and pinball, it's well worth it. Play some Black Knight!!! woahhhh ohhhhhh!!!!!
5	This place is awesome.  Just landed in Vegas and decided to check it out since I heard about it from a few friends.  It's in a kind of random spot, but all the pins are in great shape and everything is on free play.  You just donate what you want so please donate generously so this place can flourish!  I interviewed Adam for Pinball Soul so look for that soon too.  Uploaded a few pix as well - definitely will be coming back more to play pinball in Las Vegas!
5	WOW!!! This place is like a diamond in the rough.  If you like Pinball and Arcade games, then you're going to love this place.  Why? Because it's free to play!  That's right people FREE play pinball for you to play as long as you want.  What's better than that?  They have old school pinball machine as well as new machine.  My favorite pinball machine that I have spent over an hour playing is the Metallica machine.  This machine plays their music such as Enter Sandman, Battery, Ride the lightening, and etc.They also have a few old school arcade machines such as Dig Dug, and Donkey Kong.  It's very nostalgic.  This place may not have tons of pinball machines or arcade machines, but it's still worth the visit.Although all the games are set to free play and that you can play as long as you like.  Please make a donation to this place.  It doesn't have to be a large sum amount.  It could be any amount or whatever you feel like it's fair.  It's still worth a visit.I'm glad that I have found this place to play some pinball, rather than the "other" pinball place. Why? Because this place is free to play.  I really can't wait for my next visit to Las Vegas.  I'm definitely going to come back to this place.
