4	It was a busy bustling little town perched atop a small hill between the mighty Superstition Mountains to the east and the Goldfield Mountains to the west.   The first gold-strike was made in 1892, and it took just a little under a year before the town came to life. One rich strike after another supported the town and approximately 4000 people who lived in the district for five rich years.   The town boasted 3 saloons, a boarding house, general store, blacksmith shop, brewery, meat market and a school house. Just when it looked like the town would outgrow Mesa, the vein faulted, the grade of ore dropped and the town died a slow painful death. After several unsuccessful attempts to reopen the mines, the town did come to life again from 1910 on and off until 1926.
4	A great place to take kids and out-of-town guests. Or, take yourself if you've never been. While I take issue that is actually a "ghost town" -- there are quite a few REAL ghost towns in Arizona, especially south of Tucson-- but Goldfied has plenty of fun and Old West ambiance. Try your hand at gold panning, take the mine tour, browse the specialty shops and museum, take a horsebacl or narrow-gauge railroad ride, or eat at the steakhouse & saloon.
5	Hey this place is pretty cool.   They have done such a decent job, the buildings are amazing the mine is fun (not real) the bordello is - oh wait I never went in there!  The shootouts at Noon and hourly therafter are so worth it, there is no admission and the mine is like $6 and the Boredello $3?  See a bunch of reptiles (rattlers, gila monsters, tarantulas for $2)  It nickles and dimes you a little but hey whats a couple bucks - and where can you visit a brothel for $3 ??    Remember you can't put a price ona good time.
2	Okay, I wasn't too crazy about this place.  I read some reviews on here saying that it was a great place to take out-of-town guests so I went ahead and took a visitor there a few days ago.  The day we went up there happened to be very chilly, with quite the bracing wind.  So when we first sat down to lunch at the "Mammoth Steakhouse," we were expecting a nice, heated area to enjoy our good eats.  Well, there was to be no heat whatsoever.  All they had to keep the place warm was human body heat and tiny, tiny space heaters.  It also seemed like the place was understaffed, with one waiter to serve a large room of customers.  I ordered the Mammoth burger, which was tasty, but unfortunately it and the fries got cold a little too prematurely, on account of the FRIGID environs.We then made our way over to a few shops here and there.  I was impressed with one or two, but the rest was very overdone and kitschy (I think that's how that's spelled).  One store had a bunch of clay magnets, pottery, and figurines you could buy from a lady who was making them only for fun and not money (all the money you gave her went to the "town").  After we bought a few magnets, we got crazy at a store called "Cactus Flats."  Now, if you're into cultivating plants, but are shitty at watering them enough, this is the place for you!  The lady there sells both cacti and succulents.  The succulents can be "sprinkled" once a week and the cacti need only a tbsp of water a month!  And the plants sold there are really gorgeous.  Never did I realize how many species of cacti and succulents there were!  I went a little crazy and bought six plants.  However, most of them are affordable at only $4 each.  Then, we decided to buy a "train" ticket.  "Train" tickets cost 12 bucks for an adult and this thing only goes around the town once while some tour-guide (who probably despises his job) tells you random facts about the town, mining, and the lives of the surrounding Saguaro cacti.  Big freakin' whoop.  Twelve bucks down the drain.  Next was the "mine" tour.  This consisted of an over-dramatized elevator ride down a "shaft" and a walk-through of a FAKE mine.  You know it's fake as soon as you see that the rocks in there are made of PLASTIC.  There I was thinking I was going to take a trip down a real-live, historic mine.  It could have been redeemed if the tour guide was a decent-enough speaker.  If I didn't know any better, I would have been convinced our poor tour guide was drunk.  His pauses were long and way overdone and you could tell that he, too, probably despised his job.  I could have sworn I sensed a drunken slur here and there, but he didn't smell like alcohol, so I trusted he was okay.  Either way, he was a shitty orator.  Once we got outta there, we went to a "Cantina" in order to get a good hot chocolate.  That was also a bust.  I was expecting a good, genuine mug of hot chocolate.  Nope.  Alls we got for 3 bucks each were tiny styrofoam cups and shitty machine-generated hot chocolate (the kind that comes out right next to the French Vanilla cappucino flavor).  My friend was a doll and said she loved it, but I knew that place could have been way better.  They advertise it as a ghost town, but all it is is just a bunch of reconstructed buildings put up to resemble the previous town that was located there.  The only redeeming things were: the beautiful backdrop of the Superstition mtns, the Cactus Flats, and the kind-hearted pottery lady.
4	I gave this 4 stars for the scenery. The surrounding area is beautiful, and the town itself looks authentically rustic but clean. There isn't much to do there, though. I enjoyed the reptile museum - the person manning the desk was very knowledgeable and enthusiastic about the reptiles. I should have gone on the train ride, because I think the guide goes over the town's history. It is an actual ghost town, although I don't know if the buildings there are the originals or reproductions. The map shown on Yelp is incorrect.
4	It was cute.  Like Knott's Berry Farm before they added the rides.  We were there during a Chile Cook Off so it was crowded.  I understand that this is not usually the case.  I took my in-laws who were wintering in Apache Junction and had never even heard of the place.  So maybe they need to do a little better at promoting the place.  If it weren't for Yelp I would never have found it.  Thank you Fellow Yelpers!I didn't do the train ride mainly because of the reviews on here.  The buggy rides were shut down due to the contest, but the lady that runs them is super sweet and the horses looked well cared for.  Her husband is an author that was signing books in front of the museum.  He has done tons of research on the local area so they are great fonts of knowledge and quite entertaining.  I bought my mom his book and she just loved it. (Crooked Mountain by Ron Feldman).I didn't read all of the reviews for the businesses there, so a word of warning, don't eat at the saloon.  It was just terrible.  Both the food and the service.As stated before, very cute, family oriented place.
2	My cousins were on vacation and so I believed that goldfield would be a good day. The shops are great for children there are no touch me NOT shops and they are kid friendly. The mines are fun for children as is train.The food is terrible and there is a 20% gratuity tacked on even if the food is bad and the service is terrible. The chicken wings were cold and took 35 mins to come out and people next to us were serviced dinner and we came in 30 mins before them. When I asked why everything took so long she looked at me and said chicken wings take a long time to cook. I used to work in a bar and they take 15 mins so that excuse didn't work for me. When the dinner came out the food was cold all around and when I asked if we could get warmer food she just walked away. For 3 kids meals with drinks and two adults came to $91.00.My advice is to eat before you get there there and don't be slighted this abuse of food and service. 2 Stars is what I give.
2	Out of town guest says -- "There have to better places to send us!"Place was dead today -- I'm guessing this isn't the tourist season. The only place in town where anything was happening was the bar -- where the locals were having a loud conversation about the benefits of viagra.Truthfully, it was a cool looking bar -- and I'm guessing with the right crowd -- like a chili cook-off or something, it could be fun. But other than that, this is a place full of kitsch...
4	Goldfield is a necessary stop when I visit the AJ area.  It's rustic-looking and has that ghost town feel, especially at dusk.  I like grabbing a beer at the saloon - they had a singer performing Johnny Cash hits when I was there last.  If you park behind the saloon, you'll see horses tied up like the "Old West".  One of the stores has really great salsa for sale.  Yum!  Garlicly-hot goodness!  The jail is available if needed :)  They have a little train to ride on around the "town".  Even though to the locals it was cold, we still got ice cream.  The scenery is beautiful and service is friendly.
5	FIVE STARS for the photo ops.  The light was perfect and two of my favorite shots from my whirlwind trip to AZ were take here. I loved the kitschy, tourist feeling of this restored ghost town.  We arrived late in the day and it was empty and I was glad it was; I could look around and really feel that it was a ghost town. I am not sorry I missed the shootouts.  I wanted to be able to conjure up the town and the people  that inhabited this mining town and a staged fight would  have been a distraction. Also most of the stores and eateries were closed which was fine with me. The ice parlor was open and the ice cream was very tastyThe ceramic store was open, but no one was in it. There was a note on the counter that said if you see anything you want wrap it up and put the money in the safe in front of the store.  Is this from the era "we never locked our doors".The only other people in town were a couple of guys on motorcycles.  They paid the admission to see the bordello they said it was money well spend and they were in there for quite awhile Their comment was that it was better than any thing they could design for a Hollywood set.
4	After a disappointing night at Rawhide the night before, Goldfield Ghost Town was a delightful surprise!  It was fun not only our out of town friends, but for hubby and I as well.We got there just in time for their "gun show" (on the hour every hour), and I have to admit, I jumped more than once.  Those gun shots sounded mighty convincing.We milled around after the show and took some great pics, both scenic and comical.  We then decided to go on the mine tour ($7/pp) which was informative as well as entertaining.After the mine tour we took a break from the action by having some cold beers and snacks.  Beers were $3 and quesadillas like $4.50 - what a deal!  Especially considering they could charge an arm and a leg for both since you're out in the middle of nowhere!To finish the day, we went on the train ride ($6), a 20 minute narrated tour.  I loved it for the great scenery, hubby loved it for the history lesson.Our visiting guests had a blast, and they commented a couple times that it was much better than Rawhide.  So take note, if you have guests in from out of town that haven't been to AZ before - take them to Goldfield Ghost Town.
5	I thought this place was great for the kids, and has great photo ops.  We took the mine tour, the guide was hilarious and very informative, answered all my kids crazy questions.  Although the mine and elevator are fake my kids didn't realize it, and they thought it was one of the "coolest" things ever.  Most of the attractions were closed due to rain, but the clouds and scenery were absolutely amazing because of it.  We did the reptile room, a bit over priced, but again the kids liked it.  They have a church there that holds mass every Sunday at 11:30, so if your into the religious thing it would probably be a pretty neat thing to attend.  We skipped the restaurant due to checking out the menu on line before we left, and the prices were pretty outrageous, and after reading other reviews about the food on here I am glad we did.  If your heading east on the 60 to get there, there are a couple of other burger places to eat at before you go.  We did stop at the bakery and purchased a cinnamon roll that was really good, they heated it back up for us before they served it, some sort of apple crisp thing, and a chocolate chip cookie, skip the cookie, but everything else was good.  Also we got an italian soda the was horrible, stick with the bottled water.  All in all it was fun, the kids really enjoyed it, and I will go back again.  I hear in July they have a Cowboy/girl day filled with fun activities for the kids, not sure about the heat, but I will give it a go.
5	I took my wife, daughter - 7, son - 3, and mother-in-law (not by choice - lol) and we had a great time.  The kids loved looking in the stores at all the different and somewhat authentic items.  My daughter really enjoyed the gold mine tour and my sun loved the train ride.  A definite must see if you want a taste of a mining town in the old west.
2	Drove in Sunday on my way with my husband for a scenic tour of the Apache Trail and all the wildflowers that are in bloom now...   Driving up to this place I kinda got excited seeing a massive old west looking town right off the road.  After driving on a freeway forever and seeing noting but dirt, rocks and catus this town was like eye candy.  It brought me back to childhood with my imagination of what would have gone on here over a century ago.  Parking was ok, had to wait a couple of minutes for a space but that was ok.  Walked up and found this town to be a little bit of a let down, right away got the whole Disneyland feel of fakeness.   Guess if I were a kid I wouldn't mind it, but being an adult it was a let down.  Instead of finding museums with history facts of the town it was just cheesy gift shops one after the other.  The stuff they sold was solid junk and made me want to vomit....We did walk around the grounds and saw antiques baking in the sun laying all around.  They have horseback ridding, but seemed really expensive as far as prices...  Also noticed there was a Mine Tour, a little reptile exhibit and a bordello tour, all of course cost money.  My husband and I took the bordello tour which was $3 each... we thought that wasn't a lot of money till we got in.  The tour lady told us a quick 5 minute spill of what life was like for these women and then let us roam around the whole three rooms of the tour, which weren't big rooms..  I felt like I was walking through a antique store, because there were price tags to sell all the items on display... It really was tacky... We left thinking Really???  Then came in the middle of town for a short gun show.  That was a little cute, but a really short act.  We didn't want to eat here so we took off...  We won't be stopping here again...
4	WOW so fun.  I thought my nieces and nephews might be too old for this place but even the middleschooler loved it.  Lots of shows and photo ops and the performers were pretty lively and cool not all worn out like at some attractions.  Everything was pretty reasonably priced too, score!  Take the mine tour, its really neato!
4	Cool place with great views of the mountains. A nice little stop along Apache Trail.  We did not get the tours but we will when we bring our family to check it out!
4	Good day trip from Phoenix/Scottsdale area... Just be careful if you are relying on GPS to get there.  Mine led me astray for about an hour and after then having to stop and ask twice for directions we were starting to think it didn't exist.  I don't think that area is very well mapped out as it is pretty desolate.  Also, I don't think there are ANY signs for the place until you get to the entrance!  Strange.  Anyways, the scenery is beautiful and the old town was entertaining.  The Saloon seres up overpriced blah food (expected) but it is worth a stop to enjoy the views from the back deck area.  I would say this place is great for kids but still good enough that adults would be glad they came.  Again, for the views and scenery alone I would recommend.
4	Fun place with lots to do: train ride, mine tour, etc.  The prices are a little high for the experience.  Best part: Mystery Shack. A total must visit!
3	Came here with the fiance and the puppy while we were in town the drive to get here is really cool but this place was a little bit more like tourist trap then authentic to me...   We did get some good snacks  at 1 of the gift stores but other then that I don't think I will come back but I will take the drive again....
4	Fun little town to learn the area about.   Train conductors humor is weird, it seemed he hates living in the desert.     Mine shaft was interesting but unfortunately fake.   Mystery shack is really fun and interesting!   Gun fight was fun also.
5	Ok, so its a tourist trap.  But the view of the Superstition Mountains makes it worthwhile.  There are lots of fun activities for adults and kids, and I think the prices are reasonable.  We ate at the Saloon, was pricy, but very good.All the staff here is very friendly and makes the trip a pleasure.  I recommend the train ride for some good gold mining stories.The Gold panning is also a lot of fun, and you actually get a little bid of gold in every pan.Highly recommend.
2	Take your elementary-aged children for a short day-trip.
5	Awesome view and great place for a wedding! My friends got married up in the church at the top of the hill and we had a great picnic table dinner served by the fire they made. Open bar, friendly staff...was fabulous experience!Only downfall is wish the town stayed open later.
4	Love this little town. The Chapel is open to the public. Great place to take guests then a trip to the lake after. There are not too many people so not as touristy as some of the other ghost towns. Views of the Superstition and Goldfield mountains are awesome.
1	After reading the reviews we decided to take the family here. The mine tour was over priced and horribly boring and a waste of time. The mine is fake and the tour guide was awefull. The Saloon would have been decient if the bartender didnt talk to me, my wife and  my children 7 and 10 yrs old about politics and religion - how Muslims are bad - this was out of the blue. This place is horribly boring for anyone any age. You would think this fake place the people could get in character and play a part in the  atmosphere - cowboys..miners. Instead the people were sad and the place was sad. Do not go here unless you want to be bored out of your mind.
4	What a cute spot for some local flavor.  My beau and I headed out here to walk around when I was very, very pregnant... overdue actually. haha  We figured it'd be interesting to see but still close enough to town to be safe, just in case.  We were right.  This ghost town is a neat tourist attraction with good views and interesting shops.  It also has a train service that we didn't take but heard was fun.  It's not the most exciting place in the world but for a day out to stroll around and converse, it's some good fun.    Might see ya there.
3	We stopped by and rode the train, which was a good history tour. We discovered the history of gold mining in the area and some of the local lore regarding the Superstition Mountains and the Lost Dutchman Gold Mine.  I would like to come back and spend more time exploring the restored ghost town.  The train ride was a bit expensive for what it was although I enjoyed the Hurry-Up Henry the conductor.
5	This place is not just for kids although it is obviously just a tourist trap.  If you're looking for something off the beaten path, this is not it.  That being said, my expectations were certainly met.  It is an old wild west town with the most beautiful backdrop.  There is a little bit of history mixed in with the narrow gauge ride, coal mine tour, anti gravity house, reptile exhibit, shoppes, and wild west show.  If you are visiting the scottsdale area and you only have a half day of free time, this is a good place to visit.  Along the way there are also quite a few vendors selling all types of authentic goods from handmade to native american.
4	A must visit when you are in the phoenix area.  Reminds me of the old western movies.  Love the shops and great picture opportunities.
3	Fun to stop by if you are in the area, but I wouldn't recommend coming here if it's a drive for you. We stopped by after spending time in the Lost Dutchman State Park and poked around the stores which are mostly selling the same type of stuff you'd find in Old Town. The old western feel of the town is nice, but it is small so it's not like you feel it for very long. There is a cool store selling horseshoes and wall hangings/sculptures made out of horseshoes and other metal and I found a cactus cookie cutter. We went into their museum ($1 donation each) and though most of it looked like a school project, there was a historic wooden bar that was cool to see. We missed the wild west show but saw the actors getting their drink on at the saloon.
5	Goldfield is a great place to take the family for a day. We usually go every year and stop in for some fudge and a sasparilla. Walk around and check out the southwestern art and antiques. I highly recommend spending at least a couple hours here if you've never been.
3	Lack of organization and thought for the customers.Goldfield has plenty of parking and is free to enter, however you must pay to enter any of the attractions (museum, mine, bordello, mystery shack, train tour, reptiles, etc). As well there are tip jars all over the place.We purchased their multi-pack which gave us tickets for the train ride, mystery shack and mine tour. I think it saved us $3-5 on an adult admission (I seem to think it was $16/adult). We purchased our pack at the train station, where there are also public washrooms available. There are some in town but seem to be lined up ALL the time.We boarded the train for a tour around the city, which I highly recommend doing first. It gives you a little bit of an idea of what is all in Goldfield and an entertaining ride (if you get a good conductor). I believe the train ride takes 20-30 minutes in total. We then went to the mine tour, which was excellent. Our guide was very, very entertaining. He did make one little girl scared of the elevator ride (other children were fine), however as someone with no children present I found him very entertaining. The mine tour itself is excellent, it gives you an idea of what went on in the mines and our guide put it over the top. He was very entertaining and humourous throughout the whole tour. The only complaint I have is that they take down a large group and if you want to take pictures of something you need to be at the front of the line or else the lights might be turned off before you get a chance (they are turned on in sections and as you are leaving the section turned off).We then went to the Mystery Shack. We soon learned the extent of how poorly things are run. You can only have 12 people in at a time (they sometimes allow more, our guide told us whoever could stand on the concrete pad at the far left would get in) and there is no system in place to indicate who was waiting the longest. I would highly recommend sitting close to that concrete pad. We waited, and found out in 10 minutes that there were too many people ahead of us and given the option of waiting there another 20 minutes or coming back later and our guide would "remember us". Well, we decided to come back later. And still couldn't get on. Then we tried a third time and the tour was filled with people the guide "remembered" so we couldn't get on. Overall I think this was the worst part of the day as we had paid for the Mystery Shack as part of our pass but couldn't get on unless we waiting there at least 20 minutes longer, then hope no one who the guide "remembered" bumped us off.Inside of the town we went to the Bordello and got lucky with a small group. As we were leaving a large group was entering, and it wouldn't have been nearly the same. The Bordello was rather small with a couple bedrooms but was entertaining. The guide was informative and answered all of our questions. It's $3 a person, but adds a little bit of interest to the day. I'm sure it could be child friendly as there is nothing inside the house itself that isn't, and anything that isn't child friendly is really what questions people may ask.The gunfight was a little cheesy with the storyline, but still entertaining. I don't think it's worth it to see just for that, however it's nice to have a different type of entertainment mixed in.The bakery was delicious and the baked goods seemed reasonably priced. They also offers some sandwiches and such if you don't want to go to the saloon. The gifts shops are just that, gift shops. Nothing special or out of the ordinary. We did not see the reptiles or "museum" based on previous reviews.Overall I thought Goldfield was an interesting way to spend an afternoon. I was very disappointed in the lack of organization with the Mystery Shack and that's what brings this down a little (rating wise).
4	This place is good for families with small kids... not too big to check what they have to offer. No walking around for a long time, with kids complaining that they are already tired :-) They have ongoing cowboy shows every now and then.and the best thing is... its FREE... you just have to pay for certain tours that pleases you for a minimal fee....Love this!!!!
4	We take out of state family here for a Free fun piece of Arizona memories. It's unique scenery is a reason alone to go here. There are things you can do when you get here (but you have to buy tickets). They have train rides, mine tours, horseback trails, it has a true old west feel. And the gun show is Free and the kids love it! They have a bakery, steakhouse, ice cream parlor... Lots to keep you busy!  4 of 5 stars... Hubby said the mine tour was a huge waste of money. I'd say 4.5, definitely a Phoenix area must see!
3	Visited Goldfield Ghost Town during a trip to visit family in the Phoenix area. We had our 8 year old with us and he really enjoyed it. Prices for the attractions were reasonable and our entire group of 6 did the attraction pass. The pass included the mine tour, the mystery shack and a train tour. We really enjoyed the guide and the mystery shack, but the mine tour guide was a little boring and quiet at times so we didn't hear him. The train was slow, but informative and the guide was interesting to listen to. Did I mention the amazing view of the Superstition Mountains? Spectacular!We had a great lunch at one of the restaurants on-site, shopped for candy at the mercantile and did some gold panning. Although you're panning from a big bucket on a counter of the store and not real gold panning, we really enjoyed it. The eight year old even got in on the action!Since we were there on a Friday, we unfortunately didn't get to see any cowboy gunfights. All in all, a fun and relaxed day with some interesting history and family fun.
3	Overall it's a good time. A little on the expensive side but the train ride is very informative and my little loved it! The food at mammoth saloon hit the spot, and the live music was a plus!  The fudge at the mercantile was a delicious treat, especially the samples :)  The guns shows are very entertaining as well. I'd rate higher if it wasn't so expensive to do all the extras.
1	DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY TIME OR ENERGY COMING HERE.No.  Seriously.  Stop it.  Don't even think about it.  Okay, if you must, don't do any of the tours.  It's nothing you really can't figure out on your own and at least then it's free.  The triple-tour (the train, the mine tour and funhouse) were $18.  Buying two tours is $16 - so if you want to do all three it sounds like a good deal.  I know nothing about this area.  And I could have given a better tour than these toothless backwards and racist rednecks.1) The train tour - took them about 5 minutes before they acknowledged I even wanted to buy a ticket.  I'm sorry - can you smell my feminist liberalism from NYC?2) the train was cute but was not educational at all.  The guy was kind of an asshole and know it all by not telling you anything at all, then wanted tips.  3) The mine tour was not fun AT ALL.  The tour guide was terrible and an idiot.  My personal favorite was when he started to slam President Obama.  Look, I could give a shit what your political leanings are and you have every right to dislike the president.  But I could give a rat's ass what you think when you voted for Bush twice.  Moving right along, he says "I'll move if he's re-elected."  Good luck in Mexico - you hate Mexicans!  And Canada is far more socially liberal.  Like I said, good luck but I guarantee in 2017, he'll still be there.  If he's still alive.  Asshole.By the way, that's the only thing I retained on that stupid tour.  Not worth time, money or energy.4) The mystery house was kind of cool, I guess, but again, the guy was a real dickweed.  Is there a dickweed gene in Phoenix that has yet to be identified?  Because there is a HUGE sample set, at least in the people I met.5) Everything else was kind of nondescript.If you have a lot of time to kill and you're in Phoenix, trust me...take the extra two hours total in round trip travel and go to Sedona for better pictures, vibes and jeep tours.  Don't do it.  PS I thought a ghost town would be eerier.  I didn't get that feeling at all.  It was kind of hokey and dumb.
1	A Tourist trap that will "nickel and dime" you to death.Actually, the ghost town is cute & quaint - Just keep your hand on your wallet - Everything costs, and even the street performers are panhandling for "donations" with every chance they get.  The reptile display costs $2/person to see!Definately avoid the Mammoth Steakhouse (see a previous review of mine) - HORRIBLE food & service.If the whore house was for real, I can only imagine how much IT would cost!Geeze!
3	If you plan on hiking the Superstitions, swing by for a brief walk through. It doesn't cost a dime to take a stroll and check out some of the neat old mining equipment laying around. I would definitely recommend coming by at the END of the day (closer to 5pm or after) when the sun is beginning to set causing the mountains to glow. I do believe the bar is open until 8pm, but all the hokey tourist stuff closes at 5pm.  This way it's less warm and the place is almost deserted making for a spooky, more authentic vibe.
5	I'm not sure what  that "liberal NY'er" is talking about on her review but this place was magical and I am from NY and NJ!First off, its an actual authentic old western town. It is so charming it's not even funny!! The mine tour was fun and the tour guide was an angel. My sister passed out at the start of the tour and he stopped the tour and helped her back upstairs to the ice cream parlor ,got her water and a dr. and stayed with us to make sure she was ok. He was super friendly, sweet and for the first part of the tour I saw explained what all the tools were in the mine, how they were used and everything else you could possibly want to know about those days. His name was Chris BTW! We got there late in the day so sadly everything was closed but the saloon by the time my sister was up to par again so we went to have dinner and watch the musician. I ordered the flat iron steak and backed potatoe and my sister being a vegetarian ordered a grilled cheese and fries. I ordered my steak rare which RARELY ever comes that way but it did and it was tender and juicy. The waitress was friendly and the musician was fantastic! The decor was so spot on and made me feel like I was back in those days! We really wanted to see everything so we came back the next morning and went to all the shops. We got our pictures taken in old western wear and the woman was sooo friendly and dressed us up exactly how we were imagining! The gift shop had tons of neat little things like cactus candy, windchimes, and homemade TASTY fudge!! We visited the patry shop and the iced mocha I had was great. We decided to try the train tour instead of venturing to the mine again and when the sweet woman at the counter heard what happened the day before she gave us free tickets. Whiplash was the train conductor and he was as friendly as can be. We had talked to him earlier in the day in the pastry shop and when we realized he was the conductor we were all delighted to see each other. His tour was very informative. He talked about how the mine started, who took it over, how it progressed over the years and how it came to be a ghost town! We took a TON of really fun pictures! The bordello wasnt open yet when we were there since it was early but nect time im up in that area im definitely going back. ALSO, they said that they hold weddings there and let me tell you, if the day ever came where I was getting married I would absolutely have it there. Theres a cute little church and horseback rides!It was truly a magical place that I enjoyed more than I ever thought I would. It made my first ever girls weekend truly special!!
4	This was a cool place, sure it's a tourist trap! What do you expect people!! When you walking down main street, the buildings make you wonder about the old wild west days. It's really neat. The first building you walk into is their candy and fudge store! Boy, I spent most of my money their. Fudge was awesome, and you will find some candy that will bring back memories! (If you still have any) This place have a variety of places to visit, they also have three tours, we only went on the train. The train was nice, it's only goes around the town and tells you stories of the past. Hey Taryn C., pull your head out of you liberal ass and smell the roses! No one cares what hell your saying! (trying to keep this clean) Sounded like someone pissed in your cheerios that day? There are tourist traps all over New York, so lay off! When it's all said and done, I had a good time. And will bring my family over to visit.
3	I recommend this place to anyone who is new to Arizona, or anyone loves the "Old Western" feel. This place is cool.It is small western town off the road, and is free to enter. There are different buildings, most of which are restaraunts and gift shops. The prices are reasonable, and I did not find any ridiculous merch at high price. I saw a couple of "no photography" signs yet everyone is taking photos, even us! So I recommend bring along a camera since you'll be able to grab some great photos.The only reason why I give this place three stars is because it's pretty far out of the valley. If you like hiking the trails over near Superstition, and Apache Junction then be sure to stop by!
4	Ghost town hmmm.   seems like a tourist trap, one of those silly things to do...well yes and no.  I go down to this area a couple times of year and somehow always  enjoy going to Goldfield.  The bakery has great cinnamon rolls and frozen lemon aide.  The mug slinger has some pottery to look at and if you have small children the train is a big hit.   It feels like an old western mine town with lots of character.  Take your family and spend a few hours here and enjoy yourself .  It is a fun few hours.
2	Ghost town...not so much. Tourist trap that is more interesting than most...yep.Two stores have orginal foundations of the town...the rest reproductions. After 10 minwe had enough...but stayed an hour to make it worth the drive.
3	It's a cute little stopping place. The "noon gun fight" show was nothing special and really short, but they do it for free so I thought it was nice. But don't worry if you miss it. I'm guessing it's more for photo-ops. They have some stores, a bakery, a train stop, and you can even go on a horse back riding guided tour.We also went what they called the "largest" reptile exhibit ($3 entrance per person) which had a bunch of different rattle snakes (she said she had all but 2 which aren't allowed to be captured), and some other reptiles, spiders, and large cockroaches. I was amused that it was the largest but was in a really small room -- but the cages are stacked and most of them are small reptiles. The bf liked it.
4	this short touristy activity was surprisingly fun. my father is obsessed with the wild west history so i took him for a short drive on the apache trail. along the way, we stopped at Goldfield for some tourist action. i purchased an adult ticket, 8 bucks, and a senior ticket, 7 bucks. you walk down about a flight of stairs, go into a faux elevator and then walk through a short simulated mine shaft with a guide.it's all interesting stuff to hear. our guide, affectionately known as Mongo, was easy going, fit the part, and was funny. then we walked around the ghost town, looking at the old stuff. i too find it somewhat amazing at the hard scrabble life people tend to lead. admission is free to the town itself and there are numerous options to buy food and souvenirs.we went on a weekday and it was packed, i can't imagine what a saturday or sunday would look like. for people with walking difficulty, it's not handicapped accessible and there is quite a bit of uphill and downhill walking for the mine tour and the town itself. a great little day trip to take out of towners.
5	LOVE the fact that they've saved and preserved this mine and town from falling into complete obscurity. The stores are awesome, prices are beyond reasonable. The only thing that sucks is they generally don't take credit cards and there's only one ATM. Love the tours and the livery stable. It's set smack dab in the heart of the Lost Dutchmen legend area and the mine tour is relatively epic. So worth going to see and poking around! Good, clean fun for the whole family!
3	My Family and i went out to Goldfield just out of curiosity, we have always driven by when we go to the Canyon lake. We had a pretty good time at goldfield, it was pretty dead when we went, i guess we should of taken the saying Ghost Town more seriously. We did the mine tour, the tour was pretty interesting, we learned some stuff that we never knew before. Over all our experience was good, I wouldn't say go but i would say do not go either.
4	this place is fun for a bored day... unless it blistering hot out...
4	I take all my out of town friends here. It's great!! It's a best a an hour or two visit but it's along a great road full of other stuff. Weekends they have gun fights! It's very cute, all age fun and beautiful views!
5	This is a really fun half day adventure for a family. My kids would not stop asking to come back. Get the three pack and do the train, mine, and mystery shack tour. It is worth the money. My kids had an absolute blast and my wife and I had a great time as well. You can turn this into a full day adventure and continue up to canyon lake or tortilla flats or up the apache trail. After goldfield the road gets pretty winding so kids that get car sick either need Dramamine or not go.
2	I note this is the rating for a Monday-Friday visit. I do understand the weekends are better with gun shows.I wanted to come here after seeing this place on Laura McKenzie's Travel Show. I really wanted the see the MYSTERY SHACK that defies gravity with water running the wrong way and gravity that makes you walk on a diagonal. My main reason for the two star rating is because the website states the mystery shack is open 10-5 and it clearly wasn't. We also saw to call for seasonal hours and when we called the number it just rang and rang with nobody to answer. I think the charge to enter the mystery shack would have been  $5.00 a person if it was open.The reptile house was also closed. The Ice Cream and Salsa House were also closed.I saw the museum ($1.00) it was very dusty and had an old Robert Redford's Buffalo Coat from a Movie he was in.It doesn't take long to walk the grounds.It's free to enter.They have a Church on the grounds were you can pray.I wouldn't say don't go here but I recommend to wait for the weekend so maybe everything might be open and you might see the gun shows.
4	We had a really good time here...  recommend the "combo tour ticket" which gets you the train ride (informative but honestly I found the guide a little hard to understand so I feel like I missed some of the narrative --  also, sit on the LEFT side of the train for best views), the mine tour (best thing of the day - great guide) and the mystery shack (fun but makes no sense with regards to the rest of the town).  The gift shops are just typical and the food options are just OK, but this is a fun way to spend an afternoon, and the views are incredible.
4	my husband and I visited on Nov 18th and truly enjoyed the time we spent there. don't believe everything you read of the negative reviews. they try very hard to make it as authentic as possible. well with the visit and no admission fee to boot! went on up superstition  mountain and stopped back by afterward to eat at their restaurant which was very good too. give the place a chance you have nothing to lose as its free!
3	Missed the gun show, cool little abandoned miner's town. The little train ride around went so slowly, but you learn alot of facts. CA$H ONLY!
4	I am a local so to me this is as touristy as it gets, but that aside, it's still a pretty neat sight to see! What I like about this town is that it's authentic and historic. It's the ghost town remains of a turn of the century mining town that used to be the home of about 400 people. When the mining collapsed, the town was abandoned but now it serves as a tourist trap along the Apache Trail. Don't drive all the way out here just to go to Goldfield, but stop by while checking out Lost Dutchman State Park, Canyon Lake, the Apache Trail (until you get to the dirt road, then turn around) and even Tortilla Flat. You can do all that in one day. It's beautiful to see this little mining town sitting alongside the Superstition Mountains. If you like horseback riding, they offer trail rides. They also provide tours of the mine, train rides and even a little tiny museum filled with live, venomous snakes. In addition, you can explore the town and pick up some novelty gifts, snack on some homemade fudge, have a meal at the restaurant and enjoy live music on the weekends. All in all, it's a cute town and exactly what you would expect from a tourist trap in the Wild West.
4	This place is sweet! Like the old Wild West! I bought a napkin holder made of real horse shoes. Little shops and places to eat make this a great stop off. Glad we stopped!
1	Horrible experience here. At first I wasn't particularly fond of the idea of a commercialized  ghost town, but I kept an open mind. Boy was I right. This is literally a potpourri of creative and cheeky ways to get your money! Besides walking from one place to another and going to the bathroom, you have to pay to enjoy yourself- for everything! The bathroom in the restaurant was awful! so dirty. Please, avoid this place.
4	A little on the expensive side.. 2 small basic (not restaurant style more fast food ) hamburgers and 1 fries, no drinks , was $17!! The rest was cool for a quick visit. GREAT views for pictures.  Overall a good experience I would not recommend eating there though.
5	Goldfield was recommended to us by friends as a place for horseback riding and meeting them at the Saloon for a cold beer after. We called the night before however could not get reservations to ride horses due to the busy spring break holiday. Because of this we'd highly recommend calling to reserve your spot prior to going out there, but we decided to go out earlier due to the pamphlet given to us by the concierge of our hotel in Phoenix. I would agree that it is set up for the tourist but even with that in mind it's done VERY VERY well and isn't "cheesy" by any means. The only thing I could say could be cheaper would be the zip line, now it's only $10.00 per person but its really only worth about $5.00 and its a seated 2 person zip line opposed to a single person. We saw a handful of people take a look, get a price then walk away. But with all that being said it was still fun for my wife and daughter.Lots of great spots for photos as well. The reptile exhibit is a steal for only $3.00 per person and the owner is great with the kids and very informative. Also...if your a prickly pear fan you HAVE to try the fudge...is AWESOME!! Also hit up the bakery too for prickly pear bread and prickly pear lemonade!
3	I was looking for something to do with the in laws and this seemed right up their alley. It's a tourist trap, lots of  touristy stuff for sale and everything costs extra money. It was neat to see, got great pics and the history was great. Won't go again, once was enough but it was something to experience and glad I did.
5	Love, love, love this place!  I had so much fun when I visited!  Although I enjoy ghost towns of all sorts, Goldfield way exceeded my expectations.  In terms of the concept, it really reminds me of Calico Ghost Town near Barstow, CA; however, I think that Goldfield has more to see and do.We visited on a Saturday afternoon.  There were lots of other visitors but it wasn't too crowded either.  There is plenty of parking available.There are so many opportunities for great photos as you walk through the town.  The buildings, cactus plants, desert scenery, and mountain backdrop are all beautiful.The free gunfight show was well executed.  It was quite entertaining and the skit was rather comical.I really liked checking out the stores in the town.  Although the stores sold items meant mostly as souvenirs for tourists, the prices were actually very reasonable.  My favorite shop was Mudslinger Pottery towards the back end of the town.  I bought a few items directly from the artist but I regretted not getting more after I got home. I'm already looking forward to visiting Goldfield again the next time I'm in the Phoenix area!
3	Cute place for a short visit of about an hour  or two.  The train driver was highly entertaining.  The guide for the mine and the mystery house looked like he was anxious to get it all over with.  The lady from the bordello didn't even pretend to be interested...  We did enjoy seeing the reptiles although we felt sorry to seethem confined to such small spaces.  The best part of our visit were the views of Superstition mountain.  Next time we'll go hiking instead.  Note to the owners:  It gets annoying to constantly be forking out money for every visit.  Why not just charge a higher fee that covers everything?  Many people ( especially with large families) turned away from some activities because it was getting too expensive.
4	I've been to Goldfield several times in the past few years.  And each and every time I have a great time.  I love walking around the old west buildings and watching the actors do their little gun fight on the hour.  What I really like to do is also take photography of the sites, and tour around this living history town.  From what I understand, this was an actual working town during the mining days, they everyone left and someone came in to buy it to open it up to what you see now.  Sure it can feel a little touristy, and catering to kids only it's still pretty neat to just go checkout.  Plus there is still a fully functioning church at the back of the property that still offers services every sunday.  It also makes for an amazing photo when 4 peaks are clear in the background.Overall, this place can be fun.  We always seem to stop by when we are out in the area.  Usually on the was to Tortilla Flats or Superstation Mt range.
4	A really fun place to explore. Good variety of attractions. A great activity for all ages
4	We've lived in Mesa AZ for over 9 years and only did we visit this place. I was surprised that there was more to see and learn about Goldfield. The train ride was informative and really worth the price of the ride. The engineer/guide on the train was very funny, which made for the ride to be more tolerable in the summer heat. Overall, if you're a history buff, this is place to come to.
1	I was harassed, belittled, embarrassed and even physically manhandled by Jay, one of the managers. When I asked to speak to his boss because I was so insulted by how he was treating a woman he physically laid his hands on me, rubbing my back all while telling me that he was so high up in management that he could do whatever he wanted. I have never been treated so poorly, will NEVER return or recommend this place. Jay needs to be fired... or arrested!
5	This place is worth the time to go relax and check it out!! You can learn how to pan gold, ride a zip line ( seated one) .... Get some ice cream and do a little shopping! It's a cool place for kids too!
5	We went here on vacation in early October. The weather was perfect. We went with an 8 year old & 3 year old & 2 grammas & had a fantastic time. They loved the little train ride, the mine tour & the mystery shack. 2 months later & my 3 year old is still talking about it. The little town was really cute overall. I would plan on at least 4 hours to be able to do the activities & then mosey around the town a bit. We had lunch in the Saloon & my hamburger was VERY TASTEY! I was surprised that they had that good of food at an obvious tourist destination. The price was a little high but in all reality we expected that. Overall we enjoyed the experience!
5	This little town is fun and growing every year. Train ride was great and the staff is very friendly.
4	This was a surprising stop over while on our way out of the canyon lake visit. An old town to give a good clip of what the old west was really about. Though most of the places were closed (except for a grill bar and ice cream shop), the experience was still worth it.I recommend you save this visit last after you have driven to see canyon lake - side note: scenic drive is spectacular and breathtaking!! Don't miss out!!!
1	Biggest waste of time.This inauthentic tourist trap completely destroyed the ambiance of a true Old Western town.The entire place is basically one Western-themed outdoor shopping mall. It's gift shops upon gift shops with a couple of restaurants here and there.The "shooting gallery" is a cheap arcade game that you'd find at a Chuckie Cheese or Sportime USA. For someone looking for actual American history or to see something new and interesting, this is extremely disappointing.For people that want an inauthentic tourist trap, this is a cheap and boring version of the Frontierland at Disney.
2	Definitely a tourist trap. It's free to walk the grounds, but anything else you want to do has a price, so it can add up (plus attractions asking for tips). My 12-year old twins had fun, so not all was lost. The gunfight show was hokey as expected...be ready for VERY loud shotguns. The food at the restaurant was better than expected and our server was very friendly. I had a very juicy burger and fries. Note to the owners: how about investing in a door for the men's room bathroom stall? It's not ACTUALLY the 1890s, ya know?
