3	I am a lover of jamaican food. Well, I love everything Jamaican, I can't help it. So I found my way to this lovely spot in the Kohl's plaza tucked away nicely in the far corner ( Please get some signage out front!). The interior was nice and clean, it was very "new" looking but only had a score of 95....hmm. In all actuality, the food was THEE best tasting Jamaican food in Charlotte as far as I'm concerned.  But when I tell you...these restauranteurs need to take a lesson on plating portions. I am sorry, I can't pay $9.00 for your offerings.  One can get much more food in a value meal...Howard's pictures are exactly what you are going to get.  You see the plate with the Oxtail on it?  Well, you are gonna pay close to $12.00 for that. Rice, cheap! Cabbage, cheap! Plantains, cheap! Just doesn't seem right...Most would say Jamaican dishes require more seasoning and preparation than other ethnic foods.  Well, so does Indian... and for $12.00 I can eat all that want at ANY Indian buffet. Don't be afraid to feed the people.  Do that and they will come back. There is another restaurant I have yelp'd in the past that has this down to science and on any given day I can sit there for an hour and watch 20-30 people come in and out... (((Do you hear me?))) 20-30!!! I may return in the future but certainly this will not be a  go-to spot on my list. Until then, I will take my monies elswhere.
1	Didn't like my particular meal! I had the Jerk Chicken with Rice/Beans & Cabbage. I have had better Jerk Chicken @ the Caribbean Hut. To me it just doesn't seem as if the chicken was seasoned well, it seemed kind of bland. I had to put some salt/pepper & hot sauce on it just to make it somewhat better. Also the young lady that was helping us seems to have had a real bad attitude. Upon arrival we stated that it was our first time there and she wasn't welcoming @ all. Instead of her recommending some things she just pretty much hurried us along. My fiance asked for a sample of the curry sauce.....just a small sample (teaspoon if that much) well she said "NO" she couldn't do it. If her attitude had not been so bad I would've considered coming back to try something else but I highly doubt I will go back.
4	Had a yummy (and filling!) lunch here with a friend recently.I admit that I'm not the biggest fan of Jamaican food so I got my staple, jerk chicken ( yes I'm a wuss when it comes to trying new things) with rice and beans, and plantain.My friend had curried chicken, plantain, and cabbage. Generous portions and everything was good. A little spicy but it's what I expected. The only thing that was "off" was the bread. It didn't taste like the coco bread I'm used to eating at the Jamaican places I've gone to back home.No big deal. Everything else was great.If I'm in the area again with a taste for Jamaican food, I'll definitely eat here.
5	Omg can you say D-lish this is the best caribbean food I have had in charlotte and I'm born & raised here so I no the city well! I love caribbean food and I've been to a couple caribbean spots and none like this place the food is excellent the resturant is clean, neat and the service is great there not lacking a thing! My search is over I pledge to not eat at another caribbean restaurant again! I highly recommend any and everyone to the pleasurable experience.
