5	My daughter has been taking swimming lessons here for a while now and has done very well thanks to their instructor, Jennifer.  She is patient and great at what she does.  My daughter learned quickly.  Lessons here are fairly affordable.  Their lesson hours vary but are workable.
5	Everyone in our family is at Aloha.  They are teaching my husband and kids how to swim. I can only do aquatic exercise because it does not strain my joints and they have a water class. They are family owned and treat the kids like family.
5	Alooooooooooha! I am a huge fan. After trying out a competing swim school for my 4 year old daughter where I was completely dissatisfied and disappointed, Aloha Aquatic Center was like a knight in shining armor. It is obvious that the mother/daughter team that owns and teach here take great pride in what they do.  The instructors here are 110% attentive to the children and are very knowledgable in swim instruction.  My daughter has been taking a group lesson once a week for over a month now, and the progress she has made is fantastic.  The courage that she gained after the very first lesson was quite impressive.  The pricing is very reasonable, the waiting room and shower areas are very clean, and the instructors are top notch.  They also offer swim aerobic classes for adults, and I hope to sign up for these someday- they look like they are having a blast!Mahalo, Aloha Aquatic Center!
1	I could go into a big long story about what led to the interaction I just had with the owner, Jennifer, this week but I will just sum it up in one statement: If she is so busy, and has so many customers, that she has to forego customer service - then she should seriously consider not taking on additional customers.  I am a customer that if I get rubbed the wrong way, or I have a bad experience with a worker or business or product - I can be won back over with smooth talk and a simple apology.  This woman was so nasty, so rude, and so insulting to me - I was just floored.  I made it quite clear when I left the facility today that I would definitely NOT recommend her and her business to anyone...EVER.I can't speak to the quality of her lessons, or her facility, because a family member was taking my daughter to her lessons every Monday, so I hadn't had any interaction with these people except for over the phone.  But when Jennifer spoke to me the way she did - first on Monday over the phone and then again today when I went in there to try and work through our misunderstandings - I was floored and I had to speak up.  I don't see how I can possibly be the only person she has ever talked to like this or treated....?! I will say that Sheri and whoever was in the office today....was VERY polite and very professional and almost had me keeping my daughter in her swimming lessons for March. ....and then Jennifer opened her mouth again telling me she didn't want my business....?!  That only tells me one thing - she is over capacity for what she can handle as a business and doesn't care what kind of customer servce she gives. I can understand if I had been rude, out of line, or inappropriate in any way to them - but that is not the case.  I don't know what business training Jennifer has had - but I was always taught the customer is always right, kiss their ass, and apologize and they will walk away happy.  Smother people with kindness - and it always works! Again, I am just left baffled, shocked, and floored. -SG
5	The facility is clean and so are the restrooms/locker rooms and they have showers for when the class is over. We have only been for the last three weeks but my kids love it already! We go to Jennifer's class on Tuesdays and its a lot of fun. Small class sizes and she is GREAT with the kids one on one. Each kid gets personal attention during the class.
1	I just got off the phone with Jennifer to let her I need to cancel swim classes for a student.  I told her they just pulled my money out for 135.00 for the month of July.  The student is moving out of state in an emergency and wont be able to attend anymore classes.  I was told by Jennifer nope sorry no refunds.  You have to cancel by the 15th of the month.  This emergency was not planned.  Thats why its an emergency.  I also reminded her that of the three classes she missed due to illnes I was promised to be notified of any make up classes.  Not one phone call to make up any classes missed.  I would have settle for some compensation for cancelling but she flat out said Nope.  So if I were you and youre thinking if signing up dont pre pay.  They will keep your money for not working for you.
5	If you are looking for top-quality swimming lessons, this is the place to be.  I am very happy with Aloha Aquatic Center, and how they treated me and my family.  All of the instructors are so great with the kids, and are very good at what they do.  Jennifer, the owner, is the best!  You can tell this is something Jennifer has been doing her entire life; and she really has a passion for teaching swim lessons and water safety to children.  I have watched her teach some of the most nervous and afraid children to become competent, water-loving swimmers.Also, Aloha's customer service is beyond any other swim school (or business) that I have been to.  Every time I take my family to swim lessons, they are more than accommodating.  The office staff makes sure the parents are their top priority, and the swim instructors make the children their top priority.  After my experience with Aloha Aquatic Center, I would not take my children anywhere else.Thanks Aloha Aquatic Center!
5	It's a great place for children to learn how to swim.Jennifer and her staff are professional and great with the children.Anyone who expects their kids to suddenly be Michael phelps after a few lessons need to realize they are teaching your kids to survive in the water and learn to swim not train for the Olympics.Also they teach a wonderful water aerobics class for the adults as well.
4	Very friendly staff and great at what they do. They are from Hawaii started business their business there. A swim center from Hawaii so you get the best from the islands.
