5	I'm in love with Galileo and their food. Everything I've had here is delicious, from their croissants filled with Nutella to their pistachio muffins. Espresso is equally as good. Man I crave those croissants, too bad I don't live nearby anymore.
5	This is the perfect european neighborhood bakery.  They have different types of bread to take home (the foccacia is fantastic), yummy muffins and the BEST CROISSANTS EVER!!!  Regular or chocolate, they are amazing!  If they happen to have the apple foccacia, get it!  They don't make it often and its fantastic.  Their sandwiches are delicious too.  Simple and fresh.
5	This very simple shop is owned by a married couple who tend to know all their regulars, what they order and how they order it.  Mostly sandwiches and salads (although they do serve coffees/espresso as well), the food is simple and wonderful. I always order the Ariete which is proscuitto, fresh mozz, fresh basil, on a wonderful crunchy Italian bread.  My husband usually gets the Leone (imported ham) or the Pesce, which is tuna, red onion, olive oil and a good shaving of pecorino on foccacia.  They serve a small cup (literally) of spring greens dressed in balsamic, that always looks funny to me, but end up being a perfect compliment to your sandwich.All breads, pastries, and foccacia style pizzas are baked fresh every a.m.  Don't go too late in the afternoon, or you'll find yourself without.Closed Mondays
5	I love this place!  I have a ritual of going there once a month for last couple of years.  It is near my work, but far from home.  That is probably a good thing, because I would eat here all the time if it were close to home.  The service is excellent.  They know they're regulars and get you in and out quickly.  The food is awesome.  They have sandwiches, salads, and bakery items.  When I go, I have to take a shopping list from my coworkers because we all love it.  The food is a little pricey, but well worth it.  I always get the Capricorno and it is just under $9.  But it is very filling and has a small salad that I sometimes throw onto the sandwich.  The Pistachio muffins are to die for.  And I don't like pistachios!
3	Food was great, but despite reading the positive reviews I found the staff was a bit off and not very cheerful. The side salad is amazing and the pastries were tempting me from their glass case. I will be coming back to try the pastries for sure since the food was so great.
5	Best croissants outside of France, no exaggeration.  Wonderful muffins (peach are my favorite but I'm told the pistachio are divine) and the focaccio is superb, but only if you get there early enough before they sell out.  All their bread is made by hand on the premises and they really know what they're doing.
1	I was in AZ for work and pulled in to a strip mall because I needed to check out a business in said strip mall. I spotted the coffee shop and thought about the perfect timing of it; I had just finished the cup o' joe from the hotel earlier that morning. So, I went in to the shop to find a gentleman in line. Rather than wait, I used the restroom. When I came out he was gone, so I walked up to the counter. I'm a super friendly person by nature, so I tried to hold up a conversation with the woman working about  how great it smelled in the shop...spreading cheer as I tend to do. I like to chat and be pleasant! She didn't seem too receptive.  I ordered a black coffee.  So she rang me up and said $2 was the total. I took out my corporate card to pay for it because after all, I was working and  my company covers my food and drinks while I'm on the road. She said they don't take plastic for less than $5 totals. She asked if I'd like a muffin or something else...to reach $5. But, I didn't want a muffin. I just wanted coffee. I love coffee...maybe too much because I can have many cups throughout the day.  So I said no. I also said "I'll go somewhere else". I think that may have made her angry. I actually really didn't mean it to be snippy and I didn't feel it came off that way.  And if I offended her with that comment, I'd gladly apologize.  That sincerely wasn't my intention. Truth be told though, I just wanted coffee and nothing else and I didn't want to pay for more than I wanted. I had no money on me at all...literally not a single dollar. I don't carry cash...just debit. I told her that. I apologized. As I was walking out she said under her breath "are you gonna go to the bathroom somewhere else too?" Under her breath but audible enough for me to hear it...which was clearly her intention. In retrospect, I'm really trying to see this from her perspective. I am a good, honest, caring and reasonable person.  I actually felt badly once she said that.  I try to have empathy for people. So I turned to her and said "ma'am, I had every intention of buying a beverage but you don't take debit cards". I was STILL trying to be kind. Then she said "well shame on you for leaving the house without money". I think I was just dumbstruck at that moment.  Really?  SHAME on me?  That's excessive!!  I had no idea what to say. Are you serious? Still being civil I explained to her that I am on the road for work and that my company pays for my food and beverage but I have to use their credit card for that to happen. At this point she said "you can leave now". And I said, "I would think as a business owner you would recognize that people don't always carry cash on them". She gave me the ole' "shoo fly" hand motion to which I said. "I'll be sure that I tell everyone I know to stay away from this place because of your poor attitude". I was shaking as I walked out!!  I was hurt and offended and so angry all at the same time.  The worst part is, I realized later, that I think she saw me as some cheap little punk who had no intention of buying a beverage. But darnit, I really wanted a coffee! When I do fieldwork for my job, I am casual...wear jeans and boots. I happened to be in all black that day. So, I think she just prejudged me and stereotyped me. I guess maybe I should have earned her respect by telling her I was there on business for the Fortune 100 (actually Fortune 50) company that employs me. Maybe I would have been treated differently.  As an out-of-towner, one bad experience somewhere can make some people question that entire area.  I'm wise enough to know that not everyone from AZ...or Scottsdale...is that rude.  But unfortunately, this woman doesn't help someone feel welcome there.  I have many friends and co-workers in the area even though I am not there often.  I told them all about my bad experience.  I have their support!!
4	The reviewer who called this the best European bakery got it right.  Amazing breads and baked goods, terrific sandwiches, and European style service - which means brisk and impersonal.  Never rude but never friendly.The sfogliatelle is the best in AZ, far surpassing the frozen husks you'll find elsewhere and better that those on offer at Andreoli's (where they don't seem to mind selling burnt goods, and the service is equally 'European').Prices are a bit higher than mass produced goods, as they should be, but are reasonable for the quailty.  Make a visit, savor the goods, withstand the service.
3	Stopped in after visiting Salon Botique for excellent coffee and the softest, tastiest croissant I have eaten in a long time!  I don't each much bread, if at all.  So if I am going to eat bread- I want it to be quality and worth it w/o affecting my health.  Nice couple- got a chance to talk to them-- I try to support local mom&pop shops when I can.
4	Wonderful Italian bread and reasonable at $4.50 for a large loaf. I agree with the kid comments, you should have them on a tight leash or better yet, get everything to go. Don't expect friendly service but you get great bread
5	I finally ate lunch here after hearing my wife's rave reviews for years. It turns out that there was a recent ownership change, but my wife assured me that the menu has remained the same. The new owners greeted us warmly and we very friendly.The food was fresh and amazing and the service was great. Recommended!
5	New Owners!!!  I almost fainted when I walked in and didn't see the usual husband and wife team.  But new owners bring changes.  And some of these are positive!  New hours!!!  Yeah!!!  Now open seven days a week!!!  Yeah!!!  Can you tell I am excited?  I wonder if they will be open in the summer too.  The last owners always went to Italy in the summer so it was closed.  They also changed the tables and a few other small details.But with new owners come changes and I was so nervous that those changes would be seen in the food.  They weren't!  Still awesome quality, yummy, delicious.  I am beyond thrilled.
5	Simply the best place for bread and sandwiches in AZ! Hands down. New owners have not negatively impacted the quality. It's great having such a treasure on our doorstep!
5	I am always pleased at Galileo's. The food is phenomenal and you can't find better service anywhere else. The owners are amazing because they really make you feel welcomed and right at home.
5	This place always gives me good vibes and a happy tummy!! Mmm, I just love the blueberry muffin! Rich and delicious. A nice "once in awhile" treat. Although the strip mall it's located in is rather barren, it still is lovely and inviting. They offer a few tables outside too. It's a gem and I like it!!
5	My favorite spot for a great muffin or pastry and a coffee. Galileo has a nice variety of baked goods and a friendly vibe. We bought a bag of the decaf to bring home this time and it is great. Check it out, nice, friendly easy to park.
5	Nice to meet the friendly new ownersGood lentil soup and good coffeewe will be backAlways want to support a small business ownerShe is supportive of writers visiting to writeyahooI will send my women writers friends in Scottsdale Society of Women Writers
5	Stopped in for a morning pastry and coffee.  It was December and they were in full christmas mode.  Pannetones being offered for order, and the like.  The pastry case was full of a huge selection of different pastries.  A nice lady took my order of almond croissant and gave me my coffee.  Good coffee, and the croissant was a-freaking mazing.  Sorry, but regular words wouldn't do.  Fresh, so flakey and full of real buttery goodness.  Some tecchies with atrocious cell phone manners had sandwiches and salads at the next table over and seemed happy.  I definitely was happy to find a rare bakery that makes excellent pastries. Themselves.  I overheard the lady at the counter say she gets there in the wee hours of the morning to start baking. I don't get to that neighborhood much, but will stop in as often as I can for sure.
3	The previous owners were not friendly at all. It was like they were doing you a favor to serve you. One time I asked for an extra shot in my latte and the lady basically refused saying that is not the way we do it. I'm sorry, we live in America--the Starbucks mentality may be annoying but it's a reality. Needless to say, my latte was weak and not to my liking.But I digress.  The croissants and muffins are as delicious as ever.  The girl who helped me was not particularly friendly, but I'll endure a lot of rudeness for the first bite of that croissant.Try their seasonal (as in Girl Scout season) Samoa croissant if they have it--yum!
1	Wow! I just read a review from a day ago saying how unfriendly the staff (girl) was and we experienced the same thing!!!!!!My wife and I went there for a croissant and the two girls working there started fighting with each other right in front of us. When ordering it felt like they were doing us a favor by allowing us to eat there. We live nearby and couldn't believe how unprofessional they were. My wife felt so uncomfortable we had to leave. Plus..they really don't have much of a selection.Won't be returning!
5	Went in for a late lunch and it was really good!  I had a grilled panini with ham, cheese and artichokes.  It came with this nice spring mix salad with a light vinaigrette dressing.  My sister got the mufaletta panini which I tasted and loved it even more than mine.  Very flavorful and quite spicy...would recommend that one only for those who like spicy food.
5	Outstanding Italian bread fresh baked each morn, fantastic chocolate croissant.So happy it's in the neighborhood.
3	I had just landed in Phoenix after having not visited in over a year and I knew that I wanted to visit this place. It is one of the few places that I have been to that sells sfogietelle and I need one. As I walked in there was a definite change to the bakery. I was greet and told that they will be with me in a minute. I ordered the sfogietelle and asked the girl behind the counter how to actually pronounce it. Her response, "I am not sure how to say it but that sounds right." I was surprised by the response and that is why I would give 1 star for the service and  5 stars for the pastry. Overall, I will be back because it is one of the few places that I can find the sfogietelle.
5	Best bread. Best pastries. Baked fresh daily. Warm friendly atmosphere. I like using them for my clients and catering. I have a high-end business and clientele so everything I do must be better. So, when I bring my clients items from Galileos or let them cater a luncheon, it is clear everything is from an exclusive place. Makes a good impression and let's my clients know I deliver the best.
