3	Cute stuff
1	This place would get a 0 if possible.  The lady was rude and mean and followed us around the crowded store.  When asked why she just looked at us, gave us a stare down and eyed me up and down like a criminal.  This place is over priced, the lady is rude and I would never spend a dime in this store.  I have heard nothing but awful things from everyone I know who has gone into this store and don'tk know how they are still in business. Now that I have experienced it myself I say move on, save your money and time and frustration.
5	This store is filled with tons of accessories and clothing! You can spend hours looking through all of the fun stuff. Love, Love, Love
5	Best store!! So many cute clothes and accessories!!
5	My favorite store in the state! Any chance I get I love to stop by this amazing Scottsdale Boutique. Very unique accessories & clothing. Everytime I wear something from this boutique I receive compliments left and right. A customer for ever!!Donna D. from Scottsdale
1	Shar B. has it right, the women that run this place are the worst. Rude to the extreme, I've ventured in twice because they sometimes have cute stuff, (grossly overpriced but occasionally cute)the first time one of the women followed me around the store like a criminal, she didn't offer any help she just lurked behind be. The second time a different woman looked me over and then promptly decided I wasn't worth bothering with and got on what was obviously a personal phone call. When I asked her for something specific she simply gestured to a rack a told me it was probably over there. I suppose if you don't look a certain way they assume you're not worth their time. Needless to say I left; then I went next door and spent four hundred dollars.
1	Holy overpriced accessories and obnoxious staff!! Just went with my Mom and Grandma... a bunch of 'designer' brands I've never heard of... $120+. Also, a sign greets you when you come in, no food or beverage. The woman asked my 83 year old grandmother to place her iced coffee (with lid) on the counter. She was the only associate there, very icy and unhelpful. She's been referenced in all of the 'real' reviews; may be the owner.  I was not thrilled to see someone treat my mother and grandmother that way. My grandma told me how uncomfortable she was when we left, she felt like the sales associate was treating her like a criminal. Do NOT recommend.PS and by the way, 2/3 of the positive reviews for this place are by obviously bogus accounts without photos or other reviews. Stop treating customers like crap and you might actually earn some real rave reviews. Do yourself a favor: hire people who like people to do the work for you.
1	On a recent business trip I stopped into this boutique.  I was absolutely shocked and appalled by the rude people who work here.This is a small boutique in Scottsdale, I'm not sure why they have such attitudes and are so rude.  The accessories they have for sale are also old and very out of style. There is not one thing that I would buy.  I am also from Los Angeles, where things are more trendy and current, and tere is a lot more opportunity to shop.Don't waste your time by going here, unless you want to walk out insulted!
