5	So after driving from NYC to Madison, WI, the only thing I can think about was eating a proper meal.  I stopped into Big Red's Steaks and I have to say I was not disappointed.  Best cheese steak I've eaten so far.  Granted, I have yet to visit Philly.  In NYC though, there are a few places that make some decent cheese steaks.  And of course friends have told me its not the same as Philly.  So if the cheese steak I had Big Red's is the closest to a Philly one, then I want some more.  I could tell right away from the taste of the bread to the tender meat that I've been missing out on a proper cheese steak.   The meat is not diced, but rather sliced like brisket.  And add the cheeze whiz  and your set.  I also got the fries which are nicely seasoned.  Get it with side of cheese dip. ;0)   I also had the chicken cheese steak during my trip and that was just as good too.   From the looks of everybody's orders, I can tell all their food is delicious.  This place is a must for anyone in town.  Plus, it's open past 2am, which is great after a night of boozing.
5	I'm from Philly and the food here is just like being home. Best cheesesteaks this side of the Appalachian Mnts. Truly the best of Philly food in Madison.
4	I've been fortunate to spend enough time in the greater Philly area where I sampled steaks from the big three: Pat's, Geno's, and Steve's.  In fact, there was a Steve's about a block from the dealership that I bought my last VW from.  So it was with great anticipation and excitement that I sampled Big Red's last night.It's spring break, and that makes for a pleasant downtown. Dead, but pleasant. I waltzed in to Red's at 6:30, and was shocked to find the place empty. Just me and one employee. I ordered a traditional cheesesteak "with" and a side of fries. The guy quickly whipped up the steak and handed it to me; fries would take a few minutes longer.I grabbed a seat and opened the tightly wrapped sandwich. It oozed bits of cheese-covered onion. I carefully hoisted it to my mouth and took a huge bite - jackpot. Not quite as good as a true steak from Philly, but darned, darned good. You won't find anything within 150 miles that tastes as good as a Red's steak.  The beef was perfectly sliced, flavorful, tender, and had a perfect mouth feel. The roll was soft with just a hint of crust; cheese and onions were perfectly proportioned. An excellent sandwich for sure.Fries were good as well; I got the side order for $1.75, and it was more than enough to eat (a regular order is $3.25).Only knock: a bit dirty. Needs a good cleaning; otherwise it's 5-stars.I'll be back. Oh - quick tip: they currently have a happy hour special from 6pm - 8pm that gets you a cheesesteak and soda for $5...
3	Quick greasy and that cheese that oozes.
2	After receiving an glittering review of Big Red's from a drunk person on State Street, I decided to visit this little hole-in-the-wall on University myself and see what he was talking about. I walked in and was really taken aback by the run down, fast food style atmosphere, but whatever, this is a college campus. How pretty your restaurant is doesn't really matter if you can serve up good, cheap food quickly.Unfortunately, Big Red's hardly fits that description. After basically being hustled by the cashier who sold me a confusing combo meal and set of toppings that cost way more than expected, I sat around for a good 20 minutes waiting for my cheese steak. I then took it home because it was kind of depressing in there.Big Red's is a good idea in theory, but completely fails in execution. Even with Big Red's on the scene, Madison has yet to offer a place that can sell you a good, authentic Philly cheese steak. Their main problem is the meat that they're using. The bread was excellent, the cheese was up to Wisconsin standards, and the vegetables were fresh.Despite how fresh the other ingredients were, the meat was so dry that I hardly could eat it. It tasted worse than the meat you get in a TV dinner. Halfway through eating this cheese steak, I had to take out all the meat, throw it away, and just have a veggie cheese "steak." The other ingredients were all so good that it was actually quite enjoyable, though not $8 worth of enjoyment.
4	I found myself really craving a philly cheesesteak the other day, and after thinking over all my options, realized that there still isn't really any place in town to get a cheesesteak besides Big Red's. So I decided to give it another chance. Big Red's got lucky in this regard. If they had any competition, I wouldn't have risked it. Consistency is important, and fortunately the meat didn't taste like hard rubber in this last cheesesteak I got.I was actually very pleasantly surprised this time around. The meat was really juicy, and the cheese and bread perfectly fresh. In fact, the hoagie had to be the best part. And I usually hate American cheese, but they managed to make it pretty good. I'd swear they had provolone the last time I was here, but it was nowhere to be found, which is quite a shame. It also comes with raw and/or fried onions free of charge.I turned down mushrooms and peppers and instead opted to cut some up at home, because it would have added a dollar in cost to a cheesesteak that was already pretty expensive. It's just a couple veggies, how can you seriously charge a dollar more for them with a straight face?Thanks for making this second visit much less of a traumatic experience. Maybe I will soon get over my fear of the nightmare shit-meat I got last time and become a regular customer.
4	I used to live near Philly as a kid. When I had Philly cheesesteak sandwiches, I can ignore the fact that my parents were clogging my arteries with these things because all I can think about was just how damn happy I was.Fast-forward a good 14-15 years later: when I get nostalgic for some of the best food of my life and want to punish my body, this is my poison of choice. Throughout the years, I've had a lot of crap pseudo-Philly cheesesteaks and they're all embarrassing until you've had them from here.The meat can be a little inconsistent as another reviewer mentioned; some are fattier than others. Personally, I don't like a ton of gristle in mine because I want to be able to eat the damn thing without worrying about dying on a Philly cheesesteak (although, if I'm going to go out, there are worse ways to die.)The cheese is velvety, but you definitely want to eat these things before the hoagie bread gets cold and the cheese thickens. It's really hard to eat after that. If you don't believe me, watch the Man v. Food episode where Adam Richman nearly kills himself eating these cold.I used to get this last year when I lived on the other side of town with my roommate. Both he and I gained like 5 lbs. that semester, but it was worth it to knock back some of these sandwiches after a rough day at the lab and classes. It's fairly expensive if you order it through Campus Food, so you're better off just coming in to the store.Now, I mostly come here especially for the Lunch Special--french fries, sandwich, and coke for like $6.99 or something. It's pretty sexy.
2	First of all, I have to preface this by explaining that I am a Philly girl - at least until I moved to Madison at age 25. One of my biggest regrets about living in the Midwest is the lack of real cheesesteaks. Although my personal preference is Jim's on South, as a kid I spent most of my money at Pat's. So I was thrilled to read the reviews about this place, including the ones from other Philly transplants, and bundled up the kids and my guy on a Saturday to get a real, juicy, greasy, cheesy joyous mess of a sandwich.All I can say is that I must have gone on an off day. A really, really, off day. First of all, we were the only people there the whole time (Saturday around 1:00PM), which might mean that they turn down the grill and therefore don't have it at a good temp for cooking. If so, it really is a mistake, as you will see below. So we order, we sit, we wait just a few minutes, and then we are brought our steaks. I hate to say it but they were awful. Someone else suggested that the meat cuts vary widely, and I hope to god that's true. Because our meat was so tough that none of us could bite through some of our pieces of meat without a struggle. It was cut too thick, and secondly, it was so tough I actually wondered what cut of beef it was. It certainly wasn't the ribeye that Pat's uses. It was full of tendon and gristle. The onions were barely cooked (as it not even translucent) which may be a result of the grill not being hot enough. There was none of that glorious juice that should have been oozing from the meat. And as the final straw, the cheese under the meat was not at all melted, and the rolls were cold. COLD. It was a terrible experience. Even my 12 year old son wouldn't finish his. I am praying that it was simply an off day, combined with the worst meat they have ever used, and an attempt to save energy by turning down the grill, that culminated in a terrible cheesesteak. I am willing to go back in the hope that it was a complete aberration. But sadly, my guy and kids are not willing to try again - it was that bad. I will have to go it alone. In the meantime, if I really need a guaranteed great steak, I will head to the Philly Way in Milwaukee.
4	So, one of my favorite hangover foods when I lived in Virginia Beach was a place called Philadelphia Cold Cuts.  Their cheesesteak was amazing and could even rival one from philly....but not quite there.So after moving to Madison I sought out a place that could attempt to be a vice for those not so fast days and I found one.  Are they the best cheesesteak I ever had?   Nope but they are THE BEST cheesesteak you can get in Madison without a doubt.The staff is friendly and try the Philly Egg Rolls because they are awesome!   Fries.....ehhhh...not the best but whatever.   Big Red's Steaks get a top honors from me with one big exception....YOUR CLOSED ON SUNDAY!   Come on...Sunday is when I generally need my fix.
2	I genuinely wanted to like this place since I'm a fan of cheesesteaks and this location is particularly convenient for me. The cheesesteak, however, was definitely subpar. The meat was dry and jerky-like, in a bad way, in addition to being flavorless. The cheese was not even slightly melted. The bread was pretty good but a sandwich is more than just bread. My friend who ordered minutes later received a similarly disappointing sandwich.
5	Like other people said, it is the best in town, only because its the only decent cheesesteak place, it is way better than fat sandwich company just down the street on state st.  I work down the street so I frequent Big Reds at bar time.  Simple is the best but I like it all, there is also a sandwich named after me and is sometimes on special, The "Jay Bob" is a philly cheesesteak with whiz and provalone cheese with onions and mushrooms and it is great.  But the rest of the menu is great too, the breakfast sandwich is great as well as the Schneffer(sp?) with special Schneffer sauce.   And the cheesesteak eggrolls are great too.
5	One of my favorite places in Madison. The best cheesesteak you'll have in the Midwest.Big Red -- the nickname of the owner -- is originally from Philly and knows his stuff when it comes to a cheesesteak.
5	If big red is not there, turn around and come back another day. Big red makes the best cheese steak, by far. I get the lunch special every couple of weeks. It is a bargain. For $6.50, you get a cheese steak (better be wiz and onions), fries and a 12oz can of soda. If it is slow, take the time to talk Philly sports or hockey with big red.
2	Unpleasant counter worker made the experience less than ideal
1	I live in Madison, and I've been to Big Red's Steaks numerous times.  Most experiences were positive, but I recently had a horrific customer service experience.  The worker wasn't paying attention to my order, and she gave me and my friend the wrong sandwiches.  Unfortunately, we didn't discover this until we got home.  When I called the restaurant to inform them they made a mistake, they rudely told me I should have checked my sandwich for unwanted ingredients before I left the building.  They did not take any responsibility for their mistake, and blamed me for not checking up on their accuracy.  I've been attending this restaurant for a long time, but I honestly will never come here again.  The food is not worth the horrible, incredibly rude service. However, if you go here, be aware that you're expected to play manager while your sandwich is being made.
