4	Las Palmas #4.  Check it out.  Great street food and a market.  Delicious tacos for $2.  Chose from chicken, beef, pork, combination, a thin carne asada.  The salsa's are many and a few are spiiiiiiiicy!  A thin guacamole sauce is available. Some cilantro, fresh tomato, onions, peppers and lime available.    Stop by order finish building your taco and eat in on the street or take it with you.  You'll love it.
5	This place is amazing. Everything about it. A south hills treasure. You walk up next to the IGA and there are two tents, some plastic tables, a buffet bar full of delicious taco add-ins, a grill, and a man asking what kind of tacos you want.Already perfect. Like, how can this place not be amazing. I walked up from my house today because I know I have seen this stand before and really wanted a good street taco. Not sure why I was craving street food, but i'm glad I was.  I get up there with my friend and we look around confused. There is a group of men eating tacos at the tables who have probably worked a long day and they don't acknowledge us. That's cool. I wouldn't have acknowledged us either. We then stroll over to the grill and a young gentleman asks us how many. Now, if you have an issue giving a man a taco order on the street you're gonna have to just press forward. It's worth it. So, we each say two and he asks us what kind of meats. We look even more confused and he points next to the grill at the chicken, carnitas, beef, other beef, chorizo, more beef, and other meats. I decide on a chicken and a chorizo which he then stuffs in two ridiculously good looking homemade corn shells. By this point I was aware this was going to be on of my better street food purchases. Mostly because there's a side door and a woman came out yelling something in Spanish holding an adorable infant. It's all in the details. So we give the man 10$ for our four tacos and load them up at the buffet next to the grill and stroll home. All I can say about the actual tacos is they were ridiculous. The taco shells are delicious and cooked so well. The meat is cooked and seasoned perfectly. And all the salsas were so good. I just can't even explain it.Go. You will be happy. This is real deal side of the road Mexican.
4	I was wary when Las Palmas bought out the IGA, but I'm now a fan. The quality of grocery items has increased greatly since the transition. Great meat selection, good produce selection and the prices are pretty good. Great place for all my Mexican food staples!
4	Good tacos,  filling tacos with all of the fixings for $2.50.  I liked it I only wish there were more selections other than tacos.
3	Who knew there was a Mexican Grocery Store in Beechview?  There are so many unusual things for sale here that you can't get anywhere else, plus they have some wonderful taccos for sale.  Their produce looks great, and it's a a lot of items that are hard to find in other stores.  Definitely worth the trip!
