5	The Mesa Family YMCA is a great value.I admit, big expensive fancy gyms turn me off -- I hate feeling like I'm walking into a Scottsdale Club when all I want to do is work out in my crappy workout clothes (seriously: I don't have enough money to waste it all on clothing that I wear to sweat in -- wtf?). That's why I like the Y. It's close to my office, so I often stop in after work. They offer a lot of classes, and the yoga and kickboxing ones I've been to are very good. I've also taken their water aerobics classes with one coworker -- everyone else was about 80. It was awesome!They just updated their weightlifting equipment and their exercise machines are OK. Basically, this gym has everything you NEED, without a lot of extras -- but that's ok with me. Everyone is pretty friendly, too.One downside is the neighborhood -- My car got broken into in their parking lot last year and I lost a TON of stuff, so beware!
5	No need to ask "Y".ha!....but really- if you're looking for a place that has everything you need to get fit: nice facility, good machines, awesome free weight selection- all without any unnecessary pretense, this is the place. They have Yoga lasses, ZUMBA- and that stuff too. The staff is really helpful and well informed.The whole "workout" area is lined with glass, from floor to ceiling. It's nice to have an expansive outdoor view when you're on an elliptical for a half an hour. You feel less like a hamster in a wheel.Overall, it's an extremely comfortable, friendly place with a healthy community- focused agenda.
1	I have had a HORRIBLE experience with this location! Last year my son signed up for Football and they ended up canceling due to not having enough children for the league.  That is fine, however, after wondering why I never received a refund I was told I had to go down and request a refund, garbage if you ask me, but I did.  I did this in MARCH, 2 months later I was wondering where my refund check was , after being told it could take 6 to 8 weeks.  I called up and after a second phone call, a week later I received a returned call.  They decided they could refund my CC over the phone for the fee and wanted to charge me for a JERSEY and Membership fee, after arguing I got both of those back as well.  However, mu initial $110 refund, that I was assured went through, Didn't! Paul Harris, who was supposed to be handling it, was TOO stupid to do so and debited my account instead for $110.  When I found this out, I called them to let them know, Paul told me he realized that he did this in the morning and already processed through $220 refund.  First off, my acct is now short because my bank doesn't post it until MIDNIGHT! Second off, instead of being HONEST and calling me to admit the mistake, Paul Harris tried to sneak around remake the deposit and HOPE I would never find out.  The staff at this location is completely rude, unprofessional and incompetent!
5	This place is great for a variety of reasons. Whether you are coming here to jump on the treadmill, play some ball, or hit the weights, its always an enjoyment.There's nearly NEVER a wait for any equipment and its constantly cleaned by the staff.  If you are a regular, the trainers know you and will chit chat about this or that if you engage. Its pretty much "Gawker" free for all you self conscious ladies, and the classes hold a LOT of people. a LOT is stressed!Check it out and I think you'll be pleasantly surprised. You'll probably see me there if you do!!!
2	Unfortunately, this facility has gone down hill since I joined a year and a half ago. I initially joined because they had a really nice water aerobics program, but they have routinely cut classes, even when there was a steady enrollment. The pool was recently closed because they cannot afford to heat it and they have announced that it will be closed from October through March. In the meantime, an experienced, excellent instructor has been replaced by an inexperienced instructor. Monthly schedules come late. Front desk staff are often rude and inattentive. Most of the time there is no staff available in the fitness center. Even though it is very convenient to my house, I have changed membership to another club.
1	This is a beautiful gym, lots of great equipment....so what's the problem?This "gym" is sold to you as a "gym" when they sign you up at $39 / month but when you come to use the gym and find it full of "people in need" and you can't work out ... they then explain that this "isn't a gym as such, but more of a 'community center' that engages in community outreach."  Well that's great but how do I get to use the gym?  I've come two and three times in the same day and can't get access to the machines I need to do my circuit training.  Refund?  "No we can't do that."  Take my advice...treat this as a 'community center' ...send them a donation for the good work they do...but don't sign up and pay for use of the facility...that includes the basketball court which is always being used by some scheduled event and the pool which "isn't in service at this time."This is more of "drop you kids off for day care" than a place where you're going to get your workout.
