5	Y U M ! Imported oils?  Check!World Cheese? Check!Gourmet Foods & Gifts? Check!Specialty Sauces & crackers? Check!Roasted Coffee bar & To Go ?  Check!(Did i mention YUM?)Wine tastings, Wine by the glass, and yes!  take a bottle off the rack & crack it!  Pick out some flatbread, goat cheese, bread, or ask the deli section for a board selction based on your tastes!!(YUM)   :-)
5	All around great little place that you all must check out! I stopped in for the first time yesterday, just kinda in the mood to look around, no intention of buying anything. Actually I really didn't want to buy anything, but I couldn't help it, I had to. Oakville Grocery is perfect for finding that one specific thing you need that you cannot find in the regular grocery store. I was searching for this special hot sauce that I used to have at the old bar I worked at called Da Bomb for days, its fantastic, pretty much lights your head on fire, anyyywaysss, I couldn't find it ANYWHERE. Guess who had it... Oakville for sure! They also have an amazing selection of wines, cheeses from all over the world, and fantastically educated people to help you find exactly what you are looking for whether it be blue cheese stuffed olives, St. Andre French cheese, horseradish-wasabi mustard, anything. Check it out! It also doesn't suck that it's right next to H&M ;-)
4	Oh how I love wine country... and now, thanks to Oakville Grocery, we've got our own little taste of wine country right here in the Valley!While I anxiously anticipated the opening of this unique little gem, I finally made it in for a visit over the weekend... and there isn't too much more to add than what Aimee and Linda already wrote.  (Those bitches beat me to the punch!)While I went in just to get a drink and check it out, I wanted to yelp about it sooner than later so more people will know about this recently opened grocery.  I can say, without a doubt that I'll be back soon.  One visit to this place is not enough.  Their salads and sandwiches look fresh and delicious, their pizza and prepared foods do too.  I love their espresso bar area and especially that they carry Julia Baker Confections.  Whether you're looking for a cup of coffee or a glass of wine, a snack or a full meal, to dine in or to take out, this place has something for you.While I'd much rather transport myself to the original Oakville Grocery in Napa Valley, I'll settle for Scottsdale Quarter in the meantime.  Cheers!
5	Drinking, eating, and shopping all in one spot - what more could one ask?  We selected a number of rich and pungent cheeses and some imported olives.  While the cheeses were being prepared on a board with some delightful MJ bread, we selected a couple wines by the glass.  We feasted leisurely, then wandered around a bit (me with my remaining wine) selecting some duck confit and artichoke hearts for dinner, a nice merlot for later this week, and a bottle of Chimay.  By that time we were in the mood for dessert and wandered over to the pastry counter to pick up a nutty petite tart and a Tammie Coe cupcake.We returned to our table to enjoy the sweets, then went about figuring out how to get all our purchases totaled up.  The staff was plenty helpful and it wasn't very busy, but I can see how if could be difficult to make purchases from several areas when it does get busy.All the staff were extremely helpful and seemed to enjoy their jobs.  Because we were going to wander about for a while after eating and didn't want to lug our groceries with us, they offered to hold onto them for us, and to keep our cheese leftovers and duck refrigerated.  It was such a pleasant and tasty experience, I could have stayed there all afternoon sipping vino and nibbling cheese.  Can't wait to return!
4	This place is great. They have a great selection of chesses, oils, wine by the bottle or glass, chocolates, sauces, drinks, coffee bar, and fresh made to order pizzas and sandwices. Its about half the size of Trader Joes, but there are lots of great stuff packed into this little store. I cant wait to go back and sample some wines and grab a sandwich. The prices are = to what you would spend at Whole Foods. They have seating inside and a patio with seating as well. The weekend I was there they were sampling all sorts of chesses, crackers and salsas. Not a place I will shop at all the time but great if your looking for something special.
3	Oakville Grocery is a great little place, and is very much a specialty custom grocery.  Lots of specialty cheeses, oils and wines to choose from, this is a great place to pick up that sort of stuff.They also have a few perks that I like about this place.  They have an amazing wine selection, and a tasting area as well.  The wine prices seem to cover the full gammet, from $8 to a bottle I saw for $149!!  They have a little coffee area as well, along with a prepared foods section also.  I will say, all around, I found this place to be on the expensive side.  I would steer clear of the dining area since it seems to be somewhat of a rip off and overpriced.  I saw a chef salad in the cooler for $9.99.  A simple sandwich is going to cost you $8.99 and up.  eh, no thanks.Anyways, would return for fun in the future, weather its to enjoy some wine or just do something different!
4	ok so I finally made it to the Oakville Grocer in Scottsdale.While I have only heard legendary tales of the NAPA legacy...I enjoyed the concept of deli meets grocer with all of the wonderful merchandise.What I am not too sure about:- wine racks sitting in the sun from the window??!!- why is the flat screen tv so high up there? tried to watch the game - would have looked better high-def  - kind of defeats the purpose. ( ok so its not the kinda sports bar place....but still...)Love the simple decor - industrial look with lots of windows....concrete flooring...SIMPLE IS GOOD
4	We used to live about an hour's drive from Napa so not only were we able to visit the "mother ship" original Oakville Grocery from time to time, an Oakville Grocery not unilke this one was opened in Walnut Creek, California which was near our home.  We were happy and frequent customers of the Walnut Creek location.  We moved away from CA about ten years ago and were sad to hear some years later that Oakville Grocery in Walnut Creek had closed.  Surprised too since it was always quite busy.So when we were planning a visit to Scottsdale and a friend who lives here invited us to a Superbowl party with the request we bring an appetizer and a bottle of wine, we searched Yelp for specialty take out options and were happy to learn of the new Oakville Grocery in Scottsdale just a couple of miles from the resort where we're staying!Yahoo!  Walking in the door of this store brought back many great food memories.  Shopping at this store on two consecutive days created new memories of great food.  The first day we picked up delicious cerignola olives, wonderful sauteed broccolini and wild mushroom lasagne from the prepared foods section and a carton of banana gelato from the freezer case for dinner back at our villa unit after a long day's drive from Las Vegas.  It was perfect.We also placed an order for arancini and some fresh made mozzarella to pick up the following day to take to the party.  We returned the second day to pick up the order and while we waited on it to be packed up we enjoyed a lunchtime bowl of yummy, tomatoey, just right for chili heat tortilla soup from the sandwich / soup / pizza counter at the back of the store.  We used the mozzarella in a caprese salad and it was delicious.  We have to say that having consumed many arancini at the other Oakville locations (and many, many more in other venues) we didn't find these to be the best we've ever had, but good enough.  The counter staff were all so helpful.  The aisles of specialty items were well stocked with all the things that make Oakville Grocery "the place to find 'it'". And as for the cheese case...there is not a retailer we can think of who does cheese was well as Oakville.  Wonderful.Lots of seating too, both inside and out, to sit and enjoy a nosh.  Since the coffee service window opens for coffee and goodies a couple of hours ahead of the store itself, it's a fun way to start the day sitting at the outdoor tables.The only drawback here is parking at this location is awful.  Just a few parking spots out front, it seems, or one has to use the garage across the street.  The limited parking could be a negative for Oakville's business when parking is so convenient at a local Whole Foods market that provides some pretty good analogs for the Oakville specialties.   But for the week we're in town, we'll "brave" the parking problem several more times for the benefit of getting our Oakville Grocery "fix".  The pastry counter beckons!
5	The cheese lady behind the cheese counter told me that she'd order me any sort of exotic cheese I'd like!FREAKIN' AWESOME!But shhhh, don't tell the FDA.
4	Had lunch here on Sunday after a trip to Scottsdale Quarter for the apple store. The grocery component was an interesting mix of foods, which could be added onto. Mostly condiments (mustards, sauces, pastas.) Didn't really check put the wine selection...i'm sure others covered that. We took out a lunch order to go and everything was served in paper bag ....reminded me of my school lunch days, only way better. Took out two sandwiches, the hot chicken with Gruyere and a turkey and Brie. Both were above average, with them we got a pasta salad. The pasta salad could use some tweaking. Didn't really live up to the gourmet namesake. Chicken was served on a French baguette and toasted in their coal fired oven. Delish!! It had the right level of crispness on the outside yet soft inside. Would love to see this sandwich with meatballs! Turkey and Brie was good, piled high with meat. Am thinking that a combo of their turkey and Brie and turkey and cranberry might work better. Overall, the aioli topping seemed to overpower the turkey and Brie and a better topping might be in order. Maybe the balsamic onions from the chicken sandwich?!? Given the crispy bread, I am excited to try the pizza next time. Should be perfect.
4	A friend and I went for a glass of wine and to take a look.  Pretty awesome selection as far as the grocery side, a pretty penny too!  We had wine & a cheese board made up of our own selections!  Too many options for an indecisive pair, but oh so fun!  The outcome was absolutely fabulous!!!  And, a glass of wine for $5, brilliant!!!  Heard the sandwiches are pretty delicious!!!  I'll certainly go back for more :-)
2	This is a two-star review because they abuse the term "grocery store."As my girlfriend says, it's a high-end deli counter with booze.As I put it, it's a Williams-Sonoma with a hot case.Would I drive from downtown Phoenix to shop there? No way. Would I shop there if I lived near Scottsdale Quarter? Likely not, although that's a hypothetical I can't really answer.This is essentially a collection of fru-fru products with a hot deli case and a nice patio. It's not a grocery store.
3	Went here last Monday for the Yelp Office hours :-). The salads looked amazing (they will even turn a sammich into a salad if you ask), especially the Caprese salad Lynn W got. Despite the look of  lots of wine they also had lots of empty rows :-/.  I was full from Zinc so the only things I ate were a small piece of fudge and a bite of a raspberry macaroon.. both were delicious. It was fun finally meeting some of the Az yelpers in person after following their reviews for a few years. Overall not a bad place to shop if you are in the area.
4	I was finally able to make it out to a Yelp Office Hours event.  It was so nice to meet Gabi, finally!  And great to meet Donald S., a fellow Bay Area transplant, and Brain S, who was a well of information for all things local.  My sister has live in Napa for 40 years so I have been to the Oakville Grocery original in Oakville, right next door to Napa.  It's a great place to stop and get picnic fixings for a day of wine tasting.  This Oakville Grocery is no different.  They have lots of yummy choices and if you want to eat in, you order, they give you a number you place on your table, and in a few minutes, viola!, lunch is served.  I had a delicious caprese salad.  The mozerella was fresh and the balsamic added the right amount of tang.  It was just what a needed to tide me over until dinner that evening.  This is not a "grocery" store in the literal sense.  If that is what you're looking for, this is not the place.  They do have many things to purchase, olive oils, balsamic vinigers, etc.  This location is fairly new and looked like they were still getting their wine section stocked as there were lots of empty slots.  They have a nice wine bar, a lovely outside patio, as well as some tables inside.  This is a lovely spot to relax for a bit while shopping.  And it reminds me of home.  *sigh*
1	What a disaster.  I don't get the love of this place at all.  I'll agree with Patrick L on this one: William-Sonoma with a hot case.  That's all this is.  Where do I begin?First - the layout.  This design might be nice when one or two people is in the store but on a Saturday afternoon, this place had 30 people in it and was insane.  The layout does not help.  Not only are there three sets of lines that merge into each other creating all sorts of pile-ups but there is no where to go that you aren't in the way.  Racks of food act as line partitions more than they act as display cases.  It is really a nightmare.Second - quality for the price.  It is a ton of high-end stuff and that's okay.  I have no issue with high end products but ... where the hell do you get off charging $5 more than some place like Delicious Dishes?  I can get the same products at a LOCALLY OWNED store for significantly less.  There is nothing special about what you stock.  You don't make these cheeses yourself.  These aren't your livestock being slaughtered.  You get this stuff from the same supplier that AJs, Trader Joes, and Petit Fromage do yet you charge like you're the only game in town.Finally - You call that a deli counter?  The girls working here have probably been using a meat slicer for 2 months and couldn't tell you the difference between mortadella and sopressata.  I'm sure they don't know how to cook it and can guarantee that they don't know proper pairings.No thanks.  I'll stick with Delicious Dishes in Phoenix and keep my money local.
2	I was definitely not impressed with this place, and I'm even less pleased that we get this sub-par "grocery store" in the sure to be awesome CityScape.  After spending a summer in Washington, I think I was expecting this place to be like a pared down Thriftway.  I was expecting lots of gourmet items and other fun stuff.  Well, it's true they have lots of gourmet items, but it's pretty much limited to wine and olive oil with some cheese and already prepared foodstuffs in between.  The layout of the store was extremely frustrating.  Despite the store being large enough to theoretically hold 30 customers quite adequately, the layout created all sorts of traffic jams and line convergences.  It was really annoying to say the least.  We didn't buy anything because of what looked like a mile long line.  I do have to say though, that I was particularly interested in a jar of some gray sea salt.  That's about it.  Maybe another time.
2	The Original in CA seemed much much better.  It is a mecca of craziness on a weekend, but still seemed to deliver more than the Scottsdale one.  This location appears to be too Scottsdale-ized - overpriced, slow on service and lower on quality than in CA.The staff was extremely slow (one poor guy was at the front to handle coffee/pastry orders, make them and then handle the register for everyone in the store - not his fault, but not what you expect for the prices you are paying in there).  The meals were not delivered the way we ordered them.  Yes, we ordered a sandwich to split and requested two plates/settings. When having to request that a second time, we were looked at like we asked something ridiculous and then it took awhile to get.  The tri-tip sandwich bread seemed stale (we were there around 11am - was day old bread used?  Don't know, but it sure tasted that way.). It was very heavy on stale bread and light on the meat and blue cheese. The side torellini salad was mushy and everyone agreed - meh.  The chocolate-peanut butter bar tasted very floury.  So, 1 hot sandwich, 1 dessert bar and 1 iced tea - for $15.  Not worth it.On the positive side, the outdoor area is nice this time of year.  Those who had the pretzels said they were delish.  Those who had Coffee said it was pricey, but at least it tasted good.  Hoping they are getting the kinks out of the new location.  Will give it one more try in hopes of a better experience.  The grocery items looked very interesting...
3	Well after visiting for an office hours for yelp ..I am ready to give my feelings on Oakville ...not impressed.  The items I would buy there are over priced ( 6 dollar mark up on Queen Creek Products really? )  Maybe if I was a seasoned wine drinker who knew the labels I would like it more , but I think  AJ's carries enough of the stuff I adore and only slightly gouges the prices. The food was okay but unimpressive and no soda on tap...
1	How this place will survive, even in upscale Scottsdale is beyond me. I went in there mostly out of curiosity, and I couldn't believe anyone would pay these kinds of prices for goods you can find for significantly less at your local grocer. Even their wines are way overpriced, and while their selection is unique and varied, you can do so much better at AZ Wines, BevMo, or even Safeway with a six pack carrier. The wine bar area was sterile at best, and seating was tight and unaccomodating, then move on to the grocery area and it is basically two aisles of Ikea shelves stocked with "gourmet" oils, vinegars, and $2 cokes. If they are trying to capture the feel of a small grocery store or market in Europe, they fail in a very big way, even their deli and meat section was slim pickings and again, ridiculously overpriced. My first clue should have been no lines at the various cash registers, customers leaving the store without a grocery bag in hand, and virtually nobody sitting in their two outdoor areas on a beautiful Arizona day. If Dish failed a couple of miles down the road, and The Kitchen doesn't seem to be doing much better, how will this place survive? It took me roughly 10 minutes to find a parking spot in the garage, which translated in to a bit of a hike to the store. I cant imagine having to lug a bag or two of groceries back to my car, certainly not at these prices! Skip it and visit Brio's instead.
2	I made my second visit to this place over the weekend and kept saying to myself, "why the f*ck am I here again?"  I guess this place appeals to certain types of people who like to overpay for "groceries" and fight for parking, but it just isn't my style.  Sure, if you live in the immediate area and find that AJ's or Whole Foods has shut down then yes, going to Oakville Grocery may fill the void temporarily.  However, if you don't live within walking distance then the place is just stupid.  On the plus side, they do have a decent selection of good looking pre-made dishes and some different wines, breads, olive oils, etc.  Their staff is also very helpful and friendly.  They also have wine and food samples from time to time.Both times I visited I was fortunately not there to shop, but to get a sandwich from their deli thing.  Both times I ordered different things and both times I cannot remember what I had because the sandwiches were just blah.  Bland and blah.  Not a fan.
1	I will say that word "grocery" is a tad misleading.  There is food to buy, but it's limited selection is like a cross between an expensive 7-11 and what you would find in Mario Batali's Food Network kitchen.  Plus, no one could ever need that much pasta, olive oil & balsamic vinegar, especially at that price.  I digress though...My main issue was with their "lunch" offerings.  I had an artisan pizza, and my friend a salad.  My friend self-described her salad as "eh...ok".  My pizza was not only grossly overpriced, but it the worst pizza I've ever had.  The toppings were sparse, and didn't seem that high in quality.  Plus, it was so greasy.For as long as I can remember, I have unmercifully made fun of people who blot their pizza with napkins to take grease off, but I confess I had to do it today.  The box was almost soaked thru before I even got, so you can only imagine how much was pooled on top.  It was barely edible.After I got back to work & looked at their website, they barely seem loosely affiliated with the original Oakville Grocery in Napa.  This location isn't even listed on the real Oakville Grocery website... In the end, you can find the same products elsewhere & the food here is nothing to write home about, so save yourself the trouble.
4	I'm definitely a fan! Here is what I like:-A trough of cheese for me to drool over and spread on a variety of toast-point options- Creative hot and cold sandwich's, including the Chicken Gruyere with Pancetta and Balsamic Onions- try this on Sourdough rather than the Baguette and you won't be sorry! - Coffee. Good, strong Coffee.- Friendly Staff- Homemade Salsa to pick up on the coolerHere is what needs some work: -It's pricey. I wish I could play here more, but I feel I would be broke relatively fast. Oakville Grocer, I hope you withstand the pressures of the economy that has cursed other Markets/Restaurant concepts such as yourself (eh hem.... The Kitchen? Dish?) and last a long time!
5	my husband and i LOVE this place! no, we cannot afford to get our weekly groceries here (although it would be terrific if we could), but we view oakville as an excellent alternative to dining out on the weekend. the food is delicious (think deli, simplicity, quality ingredients), and the atmosphere is comfortable and relaxing! we found that if it's too crowded inside, then it's easy enough go outside to the awesome patio area to enjoy our beer and goodies :)
5	okay this is the best place EVER! i grew up shopping at the one in los gatos, and the one in Oakville. i was shock when i saw the best store in the world in Scottsdale and then not surprised at all. the have all the good stuff. from cheese down to wine. i can't tell you how happy i am that this store is here in Arizona. now if we could just get dean and deluca!
4	Finally a place my six year old and I can both enjoy!  She went nutz over the wood-fired pizzetas. The quattro formaggio was excellent.The whole place is top notch.  I'm spoiled in San Francisco with Cowgirl Creamery to shop for cheese, but this place is a close second in that category.  The wine section is really well chosen too.I am praying this place makes it. It's in the "sorta" new Scottsdale Quarter which is only half complete. It looks like the developer ran out of funds mid-crisis and half the complex has been empty or under construction for a looong time now.Oakville Grocery makes whole foods look like a 7-eleven I say.  Love it!
4	I unashamedly adore this place.  And it's not b/c I spend gobs of money here... it is b/c I don't have to drive and zig zag all over the Valley to sample (and decide if I like) many of our infamous local food offerings...Essence's macaroons from Tempe, Tammie Coe cupcakes and MJ's breads (what I always look fwd to) from CenPho, growing selecting of gelatos from all the places you read about... it's a one stop sample shop (ok, you pay for it), and a place I always hit when I'm up in N. Scottsdale.The $5 cheese boxes are great, a mini variety of 3 cheese in their to-go section is a great way to try new cheeses w/out risk.
4	You know what?  I am really pissed.  Really pissed that none of this existed when I lived in North Scottsdale.I had to run to Apple because I got a tiny plastic ball stuck in the headphone jack of my Ipod and was desperately hoping they could get it out.  It's happened twice... don't ask, just know that I am an idiot.  I had 40 minutes to kill until my appointment and decided to grab lunch at Oakville.  First, they have macarons from Essence.  I became a bit too excited about that, but can you blame me?  They are like eating Heaven.  Second, they had cream cheese tamales.  Obviously, I am on a diet. I think I like specialty grocery stores with awesome food bars a little too much.
4	I would agree with most people that this place is pricey but David Johnson the wine and beer guy is very knowledgeable and the staff is friendly. Ask David and he can steer you into some great values on the liquor. They also have very affordable events and carry Arizona wine now-Yeah!
4	During my Catholic school days in Walnut Creek long, long ago, my Mom would pick me up and we would venture through the town to explore different restaurants and shops until my after-school activities began. And one of those shops was a grocery store full of unique smells, scrumptious breads and a cafe equipped with a warm chicken sandwich topped with mouthwatering Gruyere cheese. I spent many afternoons here since it was one of our favorite post-school snack spots and also close to ballet. Yes, I took ballet but that by no way means I would ever be cast on Dancing with the Stars. *tear. But back to the story here! Fast forward to present day. I learned of Oakville Grocery opening and just knowing it came form the Bay Area got me excited. Hearing about the wonderous cheeses, olive oils and wines made my mouth water over the computer keyboard. It also happens to be located next to a certain favorite clothing store of mine, so I made sure to visit the second it opened. I walked inside and immediately smells sparked my memory, but I couldn't place the origin. The shelves were lined with cheese and olives that begged me to take them home and throw a party. I browsed the refrigerated section and saw about ten items I would have gobbled up then and there if I could have gotten through the glass. I walked through a winos' paradise of shelves lined with authentic brands and a section advertising wine tastings. Finally, I traveled to the back of the store where a wood brick oven was making pizzas galore. As I studied the menu, my eyes stopped at a one grilled chicken sandwich with Gruyere. At that point, the memories flooded in and it was then that I realized Oakville Grocery was the grocery store I used to visit as a girl in Walnut Creek. Filled with love for an old friend, I ordered my former favorite sandwich, sat down at one of the several conveniently located tables and caught up with my taste bud memories. The sandwich was as good as I remembered. And while the store is missing a bit of the Nor Cal character that can only be found in Northern California...it immediately became a re-found favorite of mine and I've been back many many times. As I finished my walk down memory lane and made my way to checkout, I gave Oakville Grocery a silent high five for placing the desserts (and may I say, very hard-to-resist ones) right by the checkout counter so I had to stare at temptation while I waited to pay. And guess what? The sugary temptation almost always beats my willpower. So, whether you go to find a hostess gift, eat some lunch, grab a quick snack, satisfy your sweet tooth, or simply browse, I think you will be pretty pleased with Oakville Grocery. Oh always remember that this is a Northern California-based store but since we don't have wine country staring at us from the Scottsdale Corridor, know that it won't have exactly the same feel as the original one, but they've done a pretty good job with giving us a taste of the land of grapes right in our desert's backyard.
2	Being that I'm too lazy to bring my own meals and this "grocery" store is right next to my work, I go here fairly often. You'd think I'd learn my lesson every time my "lunch" (if you could call if that) is $20 and I get food poisoning. They need to step it up a notch.I do love the people that work there though, and the desserts are good, just their actual prepared food is nothing to get excited about.
3	Okay so when I close my eyes and think of the perfect restaurant: the equal mix of grocery store/pre made food and sit down dining I seem always to remind my self of Oakville. I try to like it, I really do. I was always a fan of "Dish" and all the other concepts that seemed to fail in this area and I am secretly rooting for this one to finally succeed. I first became a fan while I waited for the Iphone 4 opening day (yes I am an idiot for waiting 10 hours), when they brought free fruit, danishes, sandwiches and smoothies throughout the day. So when we needed to grab a quick bite before an appointment this was the spot to go! We walk towards the back passing all the wonderful rows of cheeses and candy treats. I am greeted by a HUGE sign exclaiming that they serve gluten free pizza and gluten free sandwich bread as well as having GF soups and salads! I get giddy with excitement and order a pizza to continue my quest for the perfect GF pizza. Much to my surprise they are out of gluten free dough, hmph. I find it frustrating that they put so much advertising (by word of mouth mostly) into having so much gluten free and then skimp on it when push comes to shove. (okay my rant is over; off the pedestal I go) So I end up ordering a fancy grilled cheese (with tomatoes and garlic nomnomnom) on delicious gluten free bread. Their sandwiches are kinda steep for what you receive and you still have to fork over at least 5 more dollars for a side and a drink. When you pay at the cash register we realized we spent thirty five dollars for three sandwiches and some sodas. We sit down and wait and wait and wait for a good 25 minutes for our food to arrive. Normally at an order and sit down place maybe 15 minutes if it's a packed house but WE WERE THE ONLY ONES TO ORDER. (remind you I became anxious because I had an appointment and expected a faster lunch) Overall the food was decent, my brother ordered a gruyere and chicken sandwich that he scarfed down instantly and I was content with my gluten free sandwich. I would probably go back for the grocery more than the restaurant based on the prices  but maybe once in a while for an extravagant treat. On another note, their deserts look delish! They have delectable goodies from everywhere in the valley. Dreaming for a Tamie Coe cupcake? Don't fret and do the drive down to Arcadia! Stop by for a decadent cupcake and ice tea. Rumor has it that they sometimes have fresh gluten free deserts, (always have them in their freezer section) but I believe it's only a myth. The few times I have gone to the grocery and coffee bar there never are any. Oh well. :(
2	I seriously want to love Oakville so much, but in reality, it sucked. It seriously has all of the right things in one place, but the execution is so poor, which makes me even more upset. I needed a place to work on my laptop for awhile, grab a salad and glass of wine on a Thursday afternoon turning evening at the conclusion of a long week. I ordered a salad that cost $15, the person who brought it out informed me they were out of some ingredients - it literally was a plastic bowl with TONS of spinach, some chicken, and a few nuts. There are no outlets to plug in your computer except one in the back near the wine. There were numerous people working but I was still unable to order a glass of wine after quite some time, nor did anybody ever ask if I needed anything. I decided I was not comfortable at all and needed to leave and contemplated, since I was already there and the wine selection seemed quite robust, purchasing a bottle for home. They have no organic wines, no local wines, or any "no sulfites/sulfates added" options. Fail. They do have Essence macaroons which is a major plus except all of the flavors are on one plate without labels, I decided to purchase one on my way out since I was feeling down about my whole experience but the girl did not know which colors were which exact flavor and I wasn't in the mood to chance getting a flavor I may not be partial too :(
3	What happened?!?This has been a regular stop whenever I'm in Scottsdale.  I usually come for pastries in the early morn, but I've also had salads and sandwiches.  Based on ALL my prior experiences, I would have given this place 5 stars.  The cinnamon rolls were exquisite, the scones flavorful yet surprisingly light and my kids always looked forward to having the house-made marshmallows.However...my last three visits were EXTREMELY disappointing.  First, they Tammi Coe cupcakes were dry and the frosting hard.  Plus, they weren't making the marshmallows, which added insult to injury.  I guess those aren't really their fault, since Tammi Coe makes the cupcakes, not Oakville.  The second visit, my salad greens were a little wilted and I didn't get much greens.  Instead it was literally covered in toppings.  I wouldn't normally complain because I love toppings and (when I saw it) I felt like I got a lot for my money.  But it got tiresome of digging for lettuce after a while.  Finally, on my third visit, they placed the nail in the review coffin.  I went in to buy pastries for my clients and picked out blueberry muffins (so dry not even having them with coffee could help), cinnamon rolls (dry and hard on the edges, like they were a day old) and some scones (these were actually good).  But they still had no marshmallows and they apparently no longer stock the phenomenal chocolate raspberry muffins.  When I asked about the absence of those two items, the guy behind the counter merely replies "We never had those."  Gee, wealth of info there.I really want to continue to like this place, but it's got three strikes and I'm out.
1	Now that their new inspection results have been published I understand why I get sick all the time.I'm going to avoid this place like the plague.
5	I hosted a charity fundraiser, Love, NORTON, at Oakville. The food was absolutely fabulous and the staff was so amazing and accommodating. BTW. Great wine! Their outdoor patio is lovely, especially with the fireplace. I just love their iced sport tea and brownies which are SOY FREE! I wished I lived closer or they had one in my neighborhood. I would be getting to-go food everyday! I have been to the Oakville in Napa as well and didn't know they were connected. Great place any time of the day! Start off the morning with a fabulous latte and chocolate croissant, and end the day with an amazing glass of wine and wonderful cheeses! Love this place!
1	So I immediately went to the wine section, as I am wont to do in a place like this.  I arrive at a 2004 Pio Cesare Barbaresco.  I find the price tag.  $80!!!  I exclaim to myself, 'Jesus Christ!'  Immediately, the manager comes over and asks what am I saying "Jesus Christ" about, and I say, '$80 for a Barbaresco?'  And he launches into how he is merely charging 30% markup, and how it's a fair price for a Barbaresco of that vintage, especially for Pio Cesare.  I told him that I could get Barolos for less money than that, and that everything is cheaper now, implying that he should be aware of the market development.  (Edit:  I saw that this same bottle goes for $54 at Total Wine, by the way.)  I think this guy thinks it's still 2005 in Scottsdale, where any idiot with money to burn would pay the asking price, no questions asked.   I didn't even get into the outrageous markup on their half bottle of 20 year tawny.  What's the point?  I just walked out, disgusted with this place.In this day and age, wine-searcher.com is the great equalizer for the consumer.  It has taken away the information asymmetry dynamic that was so pervasive in wine.  As more consumers catch on, places like Oakville will either have to lower prices or they will just have to quit selling wine.
1	RIP Oakville Grocery.  Your demise was very predictable.
2	I heard today that it's on it's way out of the Quarter, but I'm definitely not surprised. It's way over-priced and just not that amazing. Hopefully something better will take it's place.
4	Sadly, but this location of Oakville Grocery has recently closed. I've been coming to this Oakville Grocery since they first opened when there was little else opened in the Quarter, and now they are closed.  There selections were great as was their food items behind the deli counter.   It was one of my weekly rituals to come here and shop for something for dinner.  Hey, I would have made the trip just to purchase their pretzels!  I guess I'll need to make the trip to downtown Phoenix to shop at that location.  Sounds crazy, but I did enjoy Oakville.
