5	This place is cool they have a ton of stuff including tarot cards, candles, oils, incense, x-tals, jewelry, dowser's, basically anything new age lol. Thay have a vast selection of faery collectibles o and I was surprised to see real belly dancing costumes like $40+! They give reading's there too if your into that kinda stuff. FYI: There is a cc charge of $2 if you dont spend atleast $10 which I dont really mind because I like using cold hard cash shame on me I know!
1	I was disappointed to see the prior Yelp page removed - why? because it was accurate? This place (when it was at its prior location way back when) used to be cool, when there was a sense of community. They had flyers, local periodicals. Not anymore. And, not only that, they do readings directly in front of the tarot deck cabinet - l literally have to walk around the table to get to the tarot cards - so, I'm minding my own business looking for a deck, and I have to hear someone's personal stuff like. Um...hello? Isn't that a little bit unethical? "For entertainment value" is one thing, but would you YouTube your appointments with your financial adviser or physician for everyone to see? I mean, c'mon...show some *bleep* respect for the people coming in to your store and give them a little privacy. I wouldn't want customers strolling by me if I came in for a reading. It's just tacky. Everything in this review is accurate and can be corroborated, and I'd be glad to re-post the same sentiment if the store tries to whitewash their Yelp page again. Namaste.
4	Jan Ross has one of the best selections of crystals I've seen - they literally had every crystal I was looking for, and I subsequently left as a satisfied customer. Friendly staff too.
5	I went into New Age Book Store for the first time yesterday.  What a beautiful store! Met Jan Ross and staff.  They were knowledgable, friendly, and so willing to help. I will be going back!
5	This place is honestly one of my favorite places! Anyone interested in any form of spirtituality whether its as basic as simply yoga, or as complex as new age esoteric metaphysics this is your place. All the ladys that work here are very knowledgeable on most things in the store and beyond. They have on of the best crystal selections in the valley for sure. I love just hanging out here, because i know everone that goes in and that works there is just like me! Great place. Namaste~
3	Not a bad store. A good selection of tarot/oracle decks, books, and fairy statues, but not much else.
3	I moved here from Washington DC a year ago. Since the move it's been hard to find a store with everything that I would need from a metaphyiscal standpoint. However,  my first love is Tarot. And, this store has an acceptable catalog of Tarot cards.   I can honestly say that I frequent this spot once a month... or at worst once every two months only because the drive is so far (I live in Ahwatukee).  The staff is always kind, knowledgeable, and I even hear they have some great events throughout the week.  Although I wish they carried more Jewelry (Amulets and Talismans) they have far more than most in the area. They also  have plenty of oils and crystals for those types of manifestations.. I would wish for more candles ...but then perhaps I am just being greedy. Lol
