2	I thought Fresh and Easy was more of a healthy food store... I was very very wrong.  It is a small store with hardly any selection of regular food.  Might as well go to Vons or Albertsons, at least they have more of a produce section there!  I was quite disappointed in Fresh and Easy.  Will never go back.
5	I love this store... they are small but they have quality meats, veggies, fruit... There food is very fresh and the single pre-cooked dishes that they offer are inexpensive as well as healthy... If your looking for different foods as well as a few regular items, this is the store for you.
4	Inexpensive, decent selection.  Way better than spending 2X as much and standing in long ass lines across the street at Albertsons.  Not where you want to go to do your major weekly shopping but great for a lot of the little things. As well as some difficult to find ethnic options. Staff is very friendly as well.
4	Fresh and Easy has been my go to store for a while.  It is less expensive than Albertson's, right next to the gym (which can be dangerous BUT also convenient), and has a "clearance" section that still has some delectable eats with a lower price tag.  The only downside to F&E is that they don't have everything that I need to cook meals at home (spices, produce, etc.) and I have to go across the street to Albertson's to find it.  The workers are nice and there are never any lines at this store so I am able to get my stuff and zip right through.  Plus, they have self checkout lines so I don't need to talk to anyone on the way out unless there is a problem with pricing, etc.  This doesn't mean that I am anti-social, but, rather, it means that I like to talk less and grub more.  Fresh and Easy is definitely the place for that.
5	I absolutely love Fresh and Easy. I have started buying more organic stuff for myself and the family and they tend to have a lot of things.  Since there is not a lot of "local" organic stores on the east side, Fresh and Easy tends to hit the sweet spot. I like there clearance stuff that they markdown because it's expiring that day.  If you come about 2 hours after they have marked down stuff, you can find some good deals. I prefer this store to Albertson's because it's overpriced! Usually never a line, and friendly people!
5	I literally live across the street from this location and was very happy when I first visited it. I came to find out that they carry alot of products that not all chain supermarkets carry. I went in to look for some quinoa and to my delight, I found it! I  began to browse through the isles and i noticed alot more products that i really want to buy. Prosciutto, brie cheese, fresh basil, polenta...I was in heaven! I love this store and plan to go back regularly.
5	Now that I've moved, this is my new neighborhood F&E. Like I've said in another F&E review, the food is fresh, tasty, and well priced, and the store is clean and welcoming. This location closes earlier than I'm used to - 8 p.m. vs. 9 or 10 p.m. - but I'm making the adjustment. F&E's creamy tomato alfredo pasta sauce is THE BEST I've ever had, and you cannot beat the coupons and store card discounts/rewards system they have! Shop here for something different and save quite a bit of money by getting the store card and signing up online.
