4	I recently stopped at Men's Wearhouse because of the amazing sale they were having, buy one get one free for the entire store. In these tough economic times you have to be a little bit more thrifty with your spending, I also had a $25 gift card too. I didn't know what I was looking for and the sales staff was excellent. They were very busy and they had plenty of staff to assist everyone who needed assistance in the store. I ended up with two beautiful shirts of very high quality, and two ties to match. The sales clerk assisted me with matching the ties to the shirts and also took my measurements to make sure the shirt I was purchasing was the right style. I was very happy with my experience and will definitely be coming back.
1	Waited for 10 minutes to be told there was a sign up list in the corner about 20 feet away in the opposite direction. After another 30 minutes of waiting some lady walked up that was NOT on the list, said she was here about 30 mins (I'm at 40 mins now) and the guy started helping her for her sons prom. What is the point of the list again?
1	When we went in for the fitting everything was fine, they had to make some adjustments and a button was missing from my best man's jacket. No problem they made those corrections and sewed the button back on. They also mentioned that they were going to put our pocket squares in for us. Well they didn't. 2 of the 3 of us didn't have pocket squares which were listed on the receipt and on the list of items that should have been included. And of course since we had already completed our fitting we didn't notice this until we were getting dressed for the wedding. We were told they were being put into our jackets and were let down. Fortunately we had time to run by a department store and purchase new pocket squares since the wedding wasn't close to a Mens Wearhouse location. But of course that was an added expense we thought we had taken care of. Also as we're getting dressed my best man's button came right back off again. The one that was supposed to be sewed on as the time of the fitting. So that was disappointing as well. All of the pictures that he is in wearing his jacket look a bit off. Clearly not everyone will notice it but on a day where I wanted everything to be perfect it wasn't. I don't believe for any future tuxedo rentals I'll be returning to a MW as well as I don't believe I'd recommend it. I just hope any future grooms or groomsmen don't have the same issues."
5	Just recently dealt with these guys for my wedding. Tux fitting went amazing and to be honest the entire staff was awesome every time we came in and Paul constantly went above and beyond for us. We even had a problem with my dads tux and the men's wear house in Tucson and Paul fixed it all up here. These guys are a cut above and made the experience to be the absolute least stressful aspect of the entire wedding prep and ceremony! Thanks again!
5	This store has treated me so well since April of 2013, I buy a lot of suits/shirts and they have always been a pleasure to deal with. Jason is really nice and the rest of the staff has always been easy to deal with and very kind. I highly recommend this store, and definitely getting your suits tailored here as well!
5	I have no idea how to dress my husband and neither does he, so I went here asking for help. Dakota the salesmen who helped me is such a pro. Friendly, knowledgable and put together several options. He should style for men's magazines. Thank you Dakota!
