4	Food here was good. Really can not complain. But it was a little pricey for chinese food in my opinion. Especially because the portions were kinda small. Service was ok. If you could get their attention they were very friendly and helpful. The problem there lies in getting their attention. There were only two tables when I was there (ours and one other), yet it still took for ever to get someone to look our way. They seemed to be always preoccupied either staring back into the kitchen or just staring out the window.Overall it was still ok. Decent food.
3	Food is good , but price is on the high side in my opinion . I would go back more if price is little cheaper !
5	I really dig this place because the food is delicious! I got appetizers that they put out in the front to let people see what it is, (I got pig ears, cucumbers, and chicken) which were really fresh. I also got two other dishes containing beef and fish submerged in this spicy broth. I always crave the fish and since this restaurant specializes in szechuan cooking, what the heck. I honestly was not disappointed. The server was really nice too! She checked back with my family in a timely manner and I really appreciated it.
5	I gotta say I was really surprised by the quality of the food here. It's fresh, it's delicious, it's amazing! Okay, amazing was taking it a little too far because not everything on the menu was as awesome as I thought, but most of everything I ordered were awesome - and did I say fresh already? Lol. Price-wise, I'd say average. This is not fast-food Chinese like Rice and Noodles (I also love that place to death because they always make my "special requests" perfectly), so you can't compare the price to that. However, compared to the prices of say, KJ Kitchen, the more authentic and popular Chinese restaurant in Vegas, then the prices is about the same. You guys know what I'm talking about if you really do dig Chinese food. Both my experience there was really good. The waitresses mostly spoke English (quite well too), and were extremely helpful and nice. I'd go there again just for beers and their cold dishes. Cold dishes are popular as an appetizer to Chinese people, but I've rarely ever tasted fresh ones since I was little. So I kind of grew up disliking it. I'm always afraid of tasting that stale, expired taste in cold dishes. But not at this restaurant! Their cold dishes are fresh!!So far, I have nothing but good things to say about this restaurant. I love this place so far.
4	I have tried nearly every restaurant in china Town Spring Mountain Las Vegas. This is a new one and I was really impressed with the depth of the menu and the quality and tastiness of the food. This is definitely worth a try! Be prepared for spicy offerings. This is Szechuan  after all :)
5	A great dinning experience all around. Everyone was friendly from Anita the owner to the waiter. The food was excellent. Highly recommended!! Many wonderful dishes to choose from. I can't wait to go back!
5	Awesome Chinese food and great service! It's definitely one of the best Chinese restaurants in vegas.
5	Amazing food! My Chinese coworker went here after work because she said it was one of her favorite Chinese restaurants in town. This restaurant quickly went up to my go to Chinese restaurant to go to
5	This is da best Chinese food I have ever had in Las Vegas! I am actually really surprised that this quality of Chinese food can be existing in Vegas. Furthermore, it is not only a good deal, but also the best deal in vegas! Ps: u gotta believe when a Chinese person is giving a complement to a Chinese restaurant, then their food is really phat~
5	This place is one of the best Chinese restaurants in town! Their Chinese Eggplant in Claypot is amazing and a must order!!!!!If I could, I'd give them 6/5 stars!
5	This place has really great food and the service is really great. They make sure they greet you at the door! The Kung Pao Crawfish is great. They have free wifi, if you are wondering.
5	Great new Szechuan option. Very authentic. Try the cold appetizers (not on the menu) and the spicy boiled beef.
5	My second time here. Even better than the first! Try it ... You will not be disappointed.
