5	I know this is weird that I am writing about a cafe at University of Phoenix, but this place is amazing.UPX has a couple of cafes...one that is next door to my office, which I can't even think about reviewing because I am not thrilled with it and I find it odd that you get a grilled cheese with fries for $7.  If you drive the I-10, you have noticed the new buildings that UPX has built.  Well, inside one of those building is the most amazing cafe that any office can offer.  I mean they have Executive Head Chef's making amazing dishes.  And there are like all of these different food stations...and you can get a grilled cheese and fries for $4 instead.  And if you want, you can have prime rib for lunch, or amazing salads, or any of their specials of day.  For a reasonable price.  You feel like you are going to an upscale Golden Corral....but tastes so much better.Amazing....I just wished I worked in one of those buildings so I can go there more often.
1	I hope the people who wrote reviews before me are just kidding. This cafe is awful and overpriced. maybe we're not talking about the same place?i once got 2 slices of wheat toast and a large diet coke. how much did it cost? $7.50! this place has nasty microwaved food for way more than any of it is worth. they go to costco and buy things, then wrap them up and sell them for $2-4 a piece.I once brought my dinner to class but needed a fork. they wanted to charge me for a fork. this place makes me angry, all the people who work there are slow and dumb. there's a jack in the box up the street and when we have time to leave we go there and are much happier and don't spend $7 on something like a microwaved soft pretzel.
3	For a company "cafe"teria... this is not a bad place. For its convenience since it's on campus and their daily specials change weekly. The prices are kinda steep but that's the price you pay for convenience and the lack of nearby restaurants that are less than 15 mins away. I've tried their "home" section with their roasted pork sirloin or oven roasted chicken, it's actually edible, not excellent but it's good nonetheless. I sometimes feel at times depending on the time of day, the choices become limited and they really do not accommodate those who have lunch after 1pm. Some soups are alright too mainly their clam chowder and their chicken noodle. They're satisfactory. But the prices are killer but I am accustomed to this since I previously worked at the ASU tempe campus and the prices at the memorial union were quite steep as well. So if you're looking for a place for a quick lunch or something to pick up to bring back to your desk, this is not a bad alternative.
3	Used to be much better. A little pricey but if you order the daily specials the price is good. There is a good variety here and the salad bar has a lot of options.
3	Food is much healthier than it used to be.  Since I work in the area and am here often, the variety seems null. However, they have specials sometimes that are really good. You can get a decent lunch her for under $6.
1	Cheap food...bad atmosphere and it looks like everyone here hates their job.
4	O.K. So I have my own health scale. Raw Vegan would be at the top followed by Real Fresh Food.  In the middle of my scale is Gym Rat.  I'd place the University of Phoenix Cafe between Gym Rat and Real Fresh Food. Why? Because that's the kind of food they offer.  So if you're looking for raw vegan, you're out of luck. However, if you're looking for sometimes fresh and sometimes vitamins produced in a lab..this is your place.  No value statement here.The food tastes good, its not that loud, and you can walk in whether you have anything to do with U of Px or not.  Make the trip and enjoy the experience.P.S. They have fresh sushi!
4	No additional comments.
4	Love stopping by in the morning! Friends...food...good times...all at work!? What beats that!?
