5	Our experience is far from over, but I must balance out these negative reviews. We are three days into our newborn son's stay post an emergency airlift after delivery and we have had a stellar experience. The team in the NICU are not only incredibly kind and compassionate, but they are the best-in-class providers. We will forever be indebted to them.
4	This place is a shot in the dark sometimes. You can't blame an entire hospital for a few incompetent health care workers, but that being said, there are a few incompetent health care workers here. On the other side, there are some of the best nurses/MD/etc here.
5	I may be biased since this is where I work but I feel that there is a lack of positive reviews.  My daughter received services here and I was extremely impressed.  My daughter had surgery when she was 3 and we got some of the best care ever.  This is why I wanted to work there.  They came in to give her some morphine and even though she was 3 they listened to her concerns that the morphine made her head feel funny and that she didn't want it.  They called the doctor at midnight and got a new order for pain control.  That impressed me.  She currently goes to the pediatric clinic there and they take everything she says into consideration.  This is the only place I would ever take her.  I have had experiences with other family members and their kids at other pediatric facilities and this is where I always recommend anyone take their children.
5	The views expressed in this review do not necessarily reflect the views of PCHOh I've been waiting a long time to write this review. I could write for days on this place. Sooo many days...but I will resist.I Intern here and in close proximity of the physicians and administrators. Knowing that, I can say with a clear conscious that a vast majority of employees in the dept I work with are passionate about kids. Take my bias as you will, but I can say if your child has been involved in a injury the place you should take your child is to PCH's Level 1 center. The doctors work very hard, the research is hitting full speed and they are getting national recognition. It's a good time for PCH. Plus its very clean. That is all R\_ Intern :P
5	I could not have been more satisfied with the staff! At 22 i was shocked that they would have even scheduled me for an appointment here. But they did and I had my tonsils removed everyone I came into contact with was amazing! They truly cared to make me as comfortable as possible, they truly seemed to enjoy there jobs. Everyone has off days which one nurse I believe was but it was also 6am.  But she was still nice just different.. My aftercare nurse made sure i was comfortable and not in pain. She was so helpful and truly made my experience the best it could have been. I wish I knew her name but from the pain meds and half asleep I dont have a clue! But I would recommend this hospital to any one who has to take there child here. I know when i have my children it will be the first and only place i go!
5	PCH is our go to place when my son is having respiratory problems, even though we live in the far west valley. We have been through the ER several times for Asthma attacks and every time they have triaged him appropriately and gotten him seen in a reasonable about of time. His last visit last week the waiting room was packed but he still was seen by a physician and respiratory therapist withing 30 or walking in the door. The staff and doctors know how to work with young children. I highly recommend Phoenix Children's.
4	My husband and I have brought our son to see both a Pediatric Urologist and a Pediatric Neurologist at Phoenix Children's Hospital, as well as having had services like MRI's conducted at the hospital.   Each experience has been positive - as far as any medical visit could be.   The waits haven't been long.  The staff has been courteous.  The followup has been great.   The facilities are gorgeous.   I would add a couple of opportunities for improvement (which is why there is one star missing from this review).  First, I think that they should add the ability to send email confirmations for appointments.   (In the one instance, the hospital called to schedule an MRI while we were on vacation and I had no way to write down the appointment time.  When I asked if they could send me an email confirmation, they said they weren't set up to do that).   The second opportunity is with the main parking garage.  The security guards were "quizzing" us as to the purpose of our visit.   My husband and I were both perplexed as to the line of questioning.  I think they should coach the security staff to phrase the question better -- especially if it's meant to be helpful.Other than that, I recommend this hospital, services, and staff to any parent who needs pediatric services.  This is a top notch hospital!!!
1	Went to the ER, my toddler was in severe pain, screaming bloody murder from it and nothing helped. Their response? To quote the NP, "It just looks like he needs a good time out." "He must just be having night terrors." (as he cries and screams in pain for an hour straight in front of her). "This is absolutely normal behavior for a 2 year old." "Well you know, 2 year olds scream." and the classic of all classics, "What do you expect me to do? It's 10 o'clock at night." Um, you're an ER, my child has not stopped screaming. Blood work, something? Anything? Her response? She refused to do blood work, urine sample, anything!?!? Then refers us to Neurology at PCH which I told her doesn't take our insurance. I'm sorry, but how is this exemplary care?
5	Ah, the dreaded broken arm on an 11 year old boy! You guessed it. Monkey bars. I was at work! So this did not happen on MY watch! But anyway, a friend of mine in the medical field referred me to the Orthopaedics department, Dr. Greg White. It was difficult-VERY difficult trying to schedule an appointment over the phone and I found myself waiting for several minutes, becoming impatient and then calling back to try again. Well my relentless dialing paid off and I'm so glad. The hospital is so organized and streamlined in their processes, from the parking garage to the elevators, every step of the way, we were greeted, assisted and guided. They even have a automatic appointment confirmation call that reiterates directions and your apt time a couple of days before your set appointment. Onto the staff. I wish I could remember the names of all them, because each one was so helpful and patient. Adam gave ME a sucker because it was my birthday! And he had my son cracking up, anyone that has a kid knows how important it is that your kid is treated well!! The nurses that assisted with Scott's cast were great and very funny and sweet. Everyone genuinely seemed like they loved what they were doing and every kid that walked through the door. My son was probably the oldest the couple of times we were there, but there were some little kids, screaming and crying getting casts on and the staff never let out a sigh and just gently took care of all of them. I'd have to say Dr. White was my favorite part of the experience. From insisting that my son was going to get a pink cast because that was the only color they had, to cracking jokes about his monkey bar skills. He lightened the environment and we found ourselves laughing, smiling and having a good time in what could have been a very uncomfortable and scary situation. He explained every step of the process, he kept me informed and put my mind at ease when I would start to question or worry. He even told me that he would be doing the same thing if it were his own child's arm, which really helped me to feel at ease. We have another appointment coming up and I am honestly excited to take Scott back there! He loves it and so do I!
5	Both of my girls have seen Dr. Shaffron in the neurology department and we adore him.  So thorough and so amazing with kids.  The office staff is great as well.  The only complaint I have is with the construction which is only temporary.  The guards at the parking structure were a bit rude but I'm not there to mingle with the security guards, just to receive excellent care for my two precious girls!
4	Full disclosure -- I'm an employee. But I'm also a mom of two patients. #1 son was in a really bad collision and was brought to the Trauma Center by ambulance. Scary for both of us but what impressed me was how organized the trauma team was. There were easily 15 people in the room working on him and it wasn't noisy or frantic. Everyone knew their role and carried it out. Dr. Segal set his broken leg and after 4 days in the hospital, he went home to heal. He's just fine now, thanks to the great care he received.#2 son was also a patient in one of the clinics. While there was a wait to get an appointment, I think that speaks to the high demand for these specialty services. His case was very complex and I appreciated that docs from the various specialties worked together to treat him.I'm privileged to see the passion of our staff every day. They are here because they want to care for children. And they are really, really good at it!
5	Look, no one wants their kids in a hospital, ever. But if you need to be served by the best children's hospital in the southwest, go to PCH.  The new building is amazing, but you must meet the people - genuine, caring, and hard-working professionals who love serving families.  And if you are blessed to steer clear, then write them a check - they need every donation they can get!
5	pretty hospital great staff!! I had a  great peds rotation here and the place is brand new, plus the food at lunch is so good and international. Like a children's hotel!
5	It's hard having your kid hospitalized but PCH is THE place for kids! From the beautiful building to the wonderful staff everything about the hospital promotes healing in a family-friendly environment. And I thought I knew all there was to know about childhood asthma, but the pediatric respiratory therapists taught me so much. Also, having "room service" instead of traditional food trays is great. One suggestion, provide instructions on how to  convert couches into beds for parents ( including ICU and the ones in east building).
4	I love this place.  Always so good to my son when we are seen here.  The place is clean, staff friendly, and of course the nurses are excellent! Might I just add that Dr. Touger in the Endocrine department is one of the best doctors I've ever encountered.  We are indebted to her for her service and help!!!
4	I have noticed a lot of hospitals have moved over to 24/hour visiting hours. Especially when moms and dads have to sleep over, and still haven't had a break, it would be nice to extend those further a bit and allow everybody to get some rest.
5	This place is awesome.  It's a one-stop shop for all your pediatric needs. You can stop reading right there if you want because that sums it up.We have a teenage girl.  It's pretty silly that "adult" doctors won't see her until she's 18 because in every other way except the calendar she's an adult.  Fortunately they have a pediatric gynecologist here at PCH.  Her pediatrician recommended she come here to consult about occasionally-severe dysmenorrhea.  She said Dr Williamson was great, so we made the appointment.Well, Dr Williamson was great.  She communicated very well with our daughter (communicating with a teen is an art form!), and was very thorough.  She asked lots of questions, did a lot of poking and feeling ("does this hurt?"), and then had her last blood-work forwarded to her office.  After examining the results she ordered the tests she felt were missing, wrote a prescription for hormone pills (low-dose oral contraceptive; in this case it should smooth-out the hormones to reduce or eliminate the 'cramps', will help with acne, and of course it will prevent pregnancy).  She spent a LOT of time with us.  None of that hurrying out the door nonsense you get with a lot of doctors.  She was great!Then we were able to get the blood-draw and the prescription filled in the next-door building on the PCH campus.  So we were able to get everything taken care of in one trip.It's inconvenient for us to come here because we live in Gilbert, but we will be coming back.  Dr Williamson and the PCH are worth the trip.
5	Honestly, this place is the best if you have a child that needs anything.  The people that work here are sent from Heaven!!!  I have been there so many times ( for surgeries, tests- MRI, Xray, bone scans and reg appointments) with one of my kids and never had a bad experience!
5	Having to take a child to the ER is never something any parent wants to do, but Phoenix Children's ER made our experience as smooth as possible. There was no wait and so they were able to get us right into a room.  They were very understanding and great with our 8 week old baby.  He was fine after being there a couple hours and they were able to discharge us with a healthy baby.  It was nice we didn't have to wait around forever once we got cleared as well.
5	Wow! This place really knows how to treat families. I was impressed. Not only do they have state of the art equipment they had lots more. Starbucks located inside building first floor. The cafeteria was a smorgasbord of South of the Border, Italian, Mongolian, pizza, burgers, salad bar, fruit bar, drink station, candy station, dessert station ...  you name it they have it!
4	I hope that if you're reading this, you are not in dire need of taking a child to a hospital, because going to the hospital is never fun...I've been to Phoenix Children's Hospital just a few times over the years... Once was just for a tour when I was involved with the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation years ago.  I was super impressed with what I learned and saw during that visit and I became a fan back then even before I had children of my own.The next two visits were more recent emergency visits with my son... One for Croup and the other for a night terror (of course I didn't know either diagnosis until after the fact).  Both times the lines to get in to see a doctor were rather long.  However, once we did get in, we were very happy with the level of service provided.  Courteous staff and attentive doctors and nurses.  We found them all to be patient as well, which is tough when you know they are constantly dealing with sick or injured children.PCH has a reputation for being the best in Arizona for a reason... the name speaks for itself.From the colorful curtains in each room to the movies playing on TVs throughout the lobbies and individual rooms, toys for children to play with as they wait to be seen, etc... They even offered my son stickers as we were leaving.  I am a fan of this place and I like knowing that it's nearby.  That being said, I hope that I won't have to visit PCH again ever.  No offense to the wonderful staff of course (and please know that we are oh so grateful for you being there for our kids).  If the need does arrive, I would not hesitate to return to PCH.  As a matter of fact, I wouldn't even think of going anywhere else.
5	My son had to go here on Halloween for a minor out patient procedure. The staff was so helpful and friendly. They explained everything in great detail so we all felt comfortable with what was going on. I loved how the staff were all dressed up and having the children that were admitted still participate in Halloween. Everything was top notch, we even received a follow up call today with a nurse checking on our son.We would take our son here again. Thank you PCH for going above and beyond!
5	PCH and their Docs and Staff - Absolutely the best of the best! My daughter recently had surgery at the hospital, and I can say the facility and staff more than surpassed my expectations. My 4-yr old daughter had a very invasive surgery - and she said the worst part about the entire hospital stay was getting the stickers/tape peeled off her skin. She literally told me she have fun at the hospital and really like it there. I can't say enough about the quality of care we received at PCH. The doctors were all very kind and understanding. They took the time to explain everything and answer questions. Just a great facility, great doctors, great atmosphere designed for kids. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend PCH, and more specifically their Heart Center, to anyone seeking a top-notch hospital and docs to care for their children.
5	I L..O..V..E..this hospital! Many families don't have children that need acute care or have kids with an incredible diagnosis, but I do. Having this hospital and its doctors as a part of the circle of success for my Princessa is priceless.Born with a rare and terminal brain abnormality, I am always critical about those that provide care for my daughter. Every visit here has been a good one. They are compassionate and generous and very helpful.  She is always very calm and comforted during her visits and full of smiles.When she smiles, I smile because I know she is happy and content.  Any time and every time we have to seek care, I think of Phoenix Children's Hospital first.
1	My son has been admitted there twice, both times they were not able to find out what was wrong with him.  This last visit he lost his vision and they were doing eye testing using their iPhones. I could not believe they were billing my insurance for a visit using an iPhone app for the exam.  I then received my bill of 4500 dollars and have paid 3800 of that in 16 months and they sent me to collections for the other 700 that I have been paying on. Shame on Phoenix Children's Hospital for punishing a paying patient!!  I will be reporting this to the local news stations.
3	Within an hour of my post I received an email from Phoenix Children's Hospital asking me to contact them.  A week after my post they took my account out of collections so I can make my last 4 payments to them.  I'm happy with the outcome.
5	Great and fast service. The nurses all worked together to input our info and attend our baby. Very friendly staff. Even tho we are from California, this has been the best service we've had for our kids medical needs. I recommend this place if your ever in this city and in need of medical attention. But God forbid your child is really ill. Great work PCH!!
5	Great staff! This time I'm in the ER with my daughter and the wait was... Well there wasn't really one! They do their job they're quick and caring and really know how to deal with children. I recommend this hospital to anyone with children!
5	Fantastic people here. Flat out amazing the sacrifices the staff makes here and the truly genuine feeling of compassion you get from them. Great job Phoenix Children's Hospital. Keep up the great work!
5	I volunteer here, but I promise that I wholeheartedly love this hospital, with and without bias! The staff are amazing and genuinely care about kids. The child life specialists are great with children and really know how to communicate. The doctors, surgeons, nurses, and other staff know how to explain procedures to kids in an understandable way without being condescending. The architecture and interior design are catered towards children, which makes it a colorful and fun filled hospital. I see kids in awe of all of the lights and sparkles everywhere! Also, the staff and volunteers always make sure to go the extra mile by providing coffee, toiletries, snacks, stuffed animals, and amazing care for both patients and their families. The cafeteria is also amazing. The food is fresh, reasonably priced, and there's also an incredible variety of cultures represented in the good. Compared to other hospitals I've seen, PCH has the most welcoming and friendly atmosphere. I hope to work at a hospital like this someday!
4	We had an appointment at a different place and the woman at yhe frony desk she called childrens hospital to see if iy was there instead. She was sweey enough tk ask the childrens hospital if they could allow us to come since we were missinformed. So I took my nephew in to see the neurologist at the children's hospital. It was so welcoming and clean. Although, the woman at the front desk seemed to of been having a bad day. My son wanted a sticker and he couldn't decide what he wanted and she said "hurry up and pick one or I will choose one" she seemed very impatient because it was onky a second it took him to decide she then counted 1..2..3. I pick. The dr he was very welcoming he explained everything that my nephew needed and how to help him. My son even enjoyed his time with the dr and he wasnt even being seen.
5	Mark E. McOmber, MD was so kind and helpful to our family.  His plan for treatment of our children was well explained to us, and he made us feel good about our options and decisions.  It is a relief to have a Dr. who shows the same level of concern for our kids health as we do.  We highly recommend this doctor!
4	I used to work at this hospital and I can say from being there daily that this hospital really cares abou their patients and their families. They go above and beyond to ensure patients are cared for in a friendly, non-scary environment. If you have to be at the hospital, why not make it a great experience. Love it.
5	I can't say enough nice things about the staff at PCH. Of course the wait to get in was hell but that is just how it is at times.  Other than that, once we were in, it was like being helped by angels.  This was our child's second time going under the knife and we were so blessed to have the operations done here.
1	We are outraged by the egregious mistreatment of the Diegel family, and have grave concerns regarding your facility's medical practices, in particular, your treatment, and lack thereof, for the young Diegel sisters, Kayla and Hannah, ages 10 and 12 respectively.Your actions have resulted in these young children being removed and denied access from their parents, and put under the state's care where their medical and emotional needs are being seriously compromised and threatened.Your actions of accusing the mother of "medical abuse", and reporting her to CPS for the same, put every potential patient of Phoenix Children's Hospital at risk of becoming a ward of the state for the inalienable right of requesting a second opinion that differs from yours.You are, in effect, denying parents their most basic rights, i.e., to care for, love, and nurture their sick child, (EVEN VISIT THEM!), and you are violating Civil Rights irrefutably protected under the Constitution, from Parental rights to the denial of medical choice, access and advocacy.While the Diegel's continue to be denied a second opinion, you've taken these young girls, at a critical time in their physical and emotional development, off of their feeding nutrition, denying the use of the very tubes your own specialists prescribed and ordered to be surgically implanted in them. This was done to enable each of them to absorb nutrition because their stomachs, again, determined by your own physicians, no longer function properly so that they receive adequate nutrition. The nuclear scans in the parents' possession, ordered by the same physician, offer proof of this, and show that Kayla and Hannah each developed GI issues that required these feeding tubes.The girls are both losing weight. Kaya is at a dangerous, nearly 0 % body fat and has lost appropriately 25% of her body weight. Her sister has lost 17%+. They both exhibit bruises on their bodies which could be the result of physical abuse while they are in foster care, or an extreme vitamin deficiency. Whichever the reason, neither is acceptable. These children are suffering physically, and emotionally with every passing day. That you could allow this to continue another moment is reprehensible.Your hospital took Hannah and Kayla fourteen months after Justina Pelletier was kidnapped under similar circumstances in the state of Massachusetts. The world watched as one media outlet after another picked up on this outrageous case, and public outrage boiled to the point of massive rallies to FREE JUSTINA. Congressmen and women alike took notice of this atrocity and proposed a bill named after her, JUSTINA's LAW, to stop just this sort of abuse and malpractice. A hospital of your ilk should have been quick to take heed of what has happened in Justina's case, the physical and emotional damage done to JUSTINA, and her family, and the public outrage, and stopped this abominable practice immediately.It should not take a law, or public outrage for hospitals to do what's right, most especially since you are sworn to "Do No Harm". What you are doing to the Diegel sisters goes to the heart of what hospitals have been doing and getting away with, and what Justina's case has shown to the world, MUST STOP.We demand the release of the Diegel sisters, and any other patients you have treated similarly, and that you retract your allegations of medical abuse from the state so that the children can go home to their loving family forthwith. A parent should be allowed to seek a second, even third medical opinion, and care without the threat of losing parental rights as is now happening to the Diegel's. We will petition Congress for their intervention in this matter since the proposed Justina's Law might not be passed before you literally starve these young children, and deny them of any comfort of their loving family along the way.FREE THE DIEGEL SISTERS TODAY! November of 2012 TGen entered into a collaborative agreement with Phoenix Children's Hospital (the governor, mayor judges and GAL's are on the board of directors at TGen)March 14th, 2014 unknown to the parents a drug trial opened up at Phoenix Children's Hospital for their children's rare condition.*Hannah and Kayla's GI doctor was fired on March 21st for neglect and child endangerment*Hannah was taken from her hospital bed by DCS on April 8 th, 2014*Kayla was taken from her hospital bed by DCS on April 10th, 2014*The claim against the mother is Medical abuse, "over medicalizing"*The mother and father are separated, but he is very involved in the children's lives. He lived in a separate residence. He had partial custody of the children. DCS would not give the children to the father. They said, "Because you support the mother."*The two sisters were taken off of there feedings tubes and were starved.*August 1st Mom sent a letter to the hospital asking if the girls were on a drug trial, no response was ever gi
5	The staff at Phoenix Children's Hospital were amazing when we brought our son into the emergency room because he was suffering from joint pain and could no longer walk or even support his own body weight. They worked quickly and with a tremendous amount of care and concern for my family's wellbeing. My son was diagnosed and given a care plan that put me at ease after feeling lost and frustrated when two prior dr visits failed to get us answers. Thanks especially to Dr Jared Muenzer, and all the nursing staff!
5	We love this hospital! My son has Polyarticular Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis and is, therefore, a regular patient to the rheumatologist. Dr. Ede and his staff are wonderful. We would never go anywhere else!!
5	My son was admitted after an ER visit and CT Scan revealed he had retropharyngeal abscess.  If not treated immediately this ailment can result in the airways being blocked and therefore suffocation can occur. I was given a visitors badge within seconds of arrival to the ER and my son (only 2) was already being checked out before I could even get the badge clipped on.  It was a blessing to have such timely care in a scary situation!  The staff was 100% dedicated to my son's health and also my own comfort which I didn't expect but was grateful for!  We spent 5 days and 4 nights in the hospital and they did everything they could to make it as homey as possible.  Once my son was feeling up to it we even enjoyed long wagon rides through the facility.  I cannot speak highly enough of our care and treatment.  My son is back to his normal, ornery, sweet little self and I owe a lot of that to this hospital and staff.  Thank you!!!
