5	I love Dr. Yocham!  He's just so nice and so realistic and honest!   I've been to some vets who seem to expect you to have the exact same reaction to "She just needs 2 pills a day" that you'd have to "We'll need to do a few diagnostic exams, some ex-rays and an MRI but most likely we'll need to do surgery before we'll really know what we're working with".  This Dr gets it.  Yea, we'll do whatever we can for our pets.  And yes, we'll spend too much money on occasion to make sure they are really ok.  But there comes a point where you have to decide when it's just too much.  Today when we took our kitty in we heard him giving some very bad news to someone down the hall.  He was SO supportive.  He was also very matter of a fact about what needed to be done for the other pets at home.  We've luckily never had to be a part of one of "those" talks, but it was great to hear how good he was at that.Costs are pretty good.  Exam and 2 prescriptions for about $78.  Getting an appointment is easy - you walk in.  No need for an appointment unless he's doing a surgery.  His waiting room isn't huge, but today is the first time we've ever had to wait.  Note - if you ever go on a Saturday - go EARLY!  He's only open from 8-Noon on Saturday.  We got there a bit before 9am and didn't leave until about 11:30.He's a great Dr and his staff has always been helpful.  I highly recommend him!
4	I have been very impressed with Dr. Yocham and the entire staff at Southside Animal Hospital. My dog Lucy has a tendency to be very timid around new people and he has always done his best to make her feel comfortable and calm. He also is very affordable. It is a breath of fresh air to take a dog to a vet and not be reccommended expensive medications and multiple follow up visits. When Lucy was exposed to Parvo I called a local vet who wanted $30 just to walk in the door and have a discussion with me, not satisfied with this I brought her to Dr. Yocham. He explained that since she was current on her vaccinations she was in no danger. He told me to monitor her behavior and explained all the sign to watch for. This visit was free of charge. He won my trust on that visit and I have taken her back to him for all her vaccinations. They do not make appointments for visits so there can be quite a wait at times, but his caring and a dedication radiates in his work. I would reccomend him for any of your four legged family members.
5	We had an excellent experience with this vet. Grace. our older bully mix girl, had several nails that appeared infected. We were anticipating a hefty bill for meds, removal, etc. My husband was able to bring Grace in at 4 pm on a weeknight. Grace was diagnosed, nails clipped and/or removed, and bills paid in under an hour. Apparently Grace will continue to have problems with her nails for the rest of our life, but at least now we know what to look for and who to go to. We only spent $60!!!! for the visit and meds. We highly recommend Dr. Yocham. We had a good, reasonable vet in the midwest where we were involved with rescue; now we've found a reasonably priced, caring and efficient vet in the valley. If you don't need frou frou in your pet's medical care, I highly recommend Southside.
5	This is one honest Veterinarian who will not rip you off or over charge you. I have been through all Phoenix and Glendale Vets in past years and have learned the hard way. These days, I only take my dogs to Dr. Yocham. $39 for an office visit and you can walk in without an appointment. As you are in the waiting room you will notice MCSO officers with their K9 companions waiting to see the doc too. Dr. Yocham takes care of Maricopa County Sheriffs Office K9 units. I had to take my dog Snoopy in on Monday after he suddenly started to go blind over the weekend. For Monday office visit $39 and blood work (lab) $154, this is cheap compared to other hospitals such as Glendale or the Vet on Indian School and 31st ave. I have seen Vet bills as high as $2,900 in the past and still lost the dog. I took snoopy back today and the doc gave him a shot to treat his Tick Fever $20 and the months supply of pills was $22 anywhere else I would of been rapped. Lots of Vets will thrive off you desperation and love for your pet, this doctor is not like that. This is not just a Veterinarian office, it is a hospital were they can monitor and keep a close eye on your dog if they feel the animal needs that kind of care and it runs $80 a night. I figured posting prices is pretty much the type of information people would like to know, hope this helps out and even if you have to drive out of your way, it will be worth it in saving.
5	When we first discovered Southside Animal Hospital, it was purely out of necessity: the nearby Laveen Animal Hospital could not get us in for an appointment, and I had become dissatisfied with some of the more familiar Tempe vets I used to use.  So when we made an appointment at Southside for our newly adopted german shepard, I was a little guarded at first -- thinking of some of the negative experiences I'd had in the past.Next, upon walking in the door, I saw two great signs of a positive experience: almost no wait (yes, I know this could mean good or bad things), and walls adorned with thank-you's and information about the Phoenix Police K-9 unit and their trainers.  We found a vet with tons of experience with this sometimes difficult breed!  And the experience with staff and the doctor were as pleasant as could be.  We could tell that this was an established and valuable neighborhood business that didn't charge too much or promote silly add-on services like many vets now do.  Since that experience a couple of years ago, we have consistently chosen Southside for all our vet needs -- even getting rid of the Banfield wellness plans we had for our cats in favor of these guys.
5	What a find! The care my cat received here was as good as one can wish for and the price was refreshingly reasonable. My cat has had mouth issues for a while, and I felt the problem might be coming to a dangerous head. I'm also unemployed- so money is very much a concern. My fiance and I were able to walk in at 10:30 am on a Monday morning and see Dr. Yocham (without an appointment) in less than 15 minutes. Dr. Yocham leveled with us: a pricey tooth cleaning or surgery was not in order. He got us out the door with medicine for kitty's ear mites and an antibiotic for his mouth issues. We were in and out in 45 minutes total and it only cost us $65. Two weeks later and kitty's mouth is noticeably improved and his mites are getting under control. Also a big difference in his disposition. :)Dr. Yocham isn't a super-petty guy that will baby talk your animal...certainly not like the Los Angeles vets I was accustomed to. But he is forthright, informative and kind. Old school. Plus, his staff is uniformly pleasant and attentive.
5	I really have nothing to add to the other good things people have said.  This place is no frills, inexpensive and reliable.  The doctor reminds me of someone you'd find in a small town, having a calm, no BS approach to his work.  Everyone there is polite, as well.
5	I wouldn't take my German shepherds any place else. Dr. Y is honest, about 1/2 to 1/3 cheaper than another vet I tried closer to home, and an excellent vet. He is one of the few vets who can do hips/elbow x-rays for OFAs without sedation. Two paws up!
5	Just like Patrick B, I had bad experiences with Laveen Animal Hospital and needed a new veterinary home for  my cats. Since owning our first cat back in California five years ago, we have not really had great experiences with vets. The pet food scare of several years ago, as well as Californians' growing obsession with pampering their companion animals, probably led to an inflation of vets' prices and a deflation of their genuine concern for the animals. Dr. Yocham at Southside has been a refreshing change from all of that. His direct, to-the-point, no-BS style is helpful when all we really want is to hear the symptoms, diagnosis and potential solutions. You know, that thing they call medicine? Furthermore, the office is no-frills, with no attempt to "upsell" you with a ton of expensive food and accessories. Finally, the prices are very reasonable which is always nice to see in today's veterinary scene. Unfortunately, while a few of our encounters at Southside have been run-of-the-mill vet visits, the large majority of our interactions have been related to flife-threatening issues: my little kitty Simon's bout with the fatal disease, FIP, and my other cat Bauer's recent bladder blockage. Adorable Simon didn't make it after six months of fighting the disease, but when we finally put him down at Southside, Dr. Yocham and his staff were appropriately somber and patient with us as we said our good-byes. Recently, with Bauer's unexpected condition, Dr. Yocham thoroughly examined him, told us the problem and gave us three options. While we ended up choosing the most expensive option (a surgery that is supposed to prevent future blockages entirely), we still felt that he presented us with choices and explained why the other two weren't the best for Bauer's long-term health. After his four-day hospitalization and a subsequent suture removal, Bauer is doing great and appears healthier than ever. Lest I forget the supporting cast, Southside's staff is also very kind and seems genuinely interested in animals. They compliment Dr. Yocham's expert and direct style. If you're looking for a different kind of vet care, I highly recommend Southside. Do, however, be forewarned that they don't take appointments. That's their only drawback (although, in some cases, when they've been busy but we've had a more serious situation, it's proven a positive thing.)
5	Dr. Yochum and his staff are fantastic.  He is a straight shooter and will give you his honest opinion which at times may not be what you wanted to hear, but it is what you need to hear.  I have taken my greyhounds to him for eight years and he has dealt with many various issues including the cancer one of my dogs developed.  When the day came to send my dog to the rainbow bridge, he was honest and told me what I needed to do.  Many of his staff have been there the entire time I have utilized his services.  And you can tell that he loves what he does and he loves the patients that he cares for.
5	Dr. Yocham has done an excellent job with Junior Gato every time he has needed the vet.  Besides the normal shots, Junior got into a fight and his eye was scratched. Dr Yocham fixed him up and it healed 100%. He did a great job and the bill was very reasonable. I will continue to take Junior to Dr. Yocham whenever he need a doctor.
5	I read these reviews on Yelp about Southside Animal Hospital and decided to take my sick cat there today. My cat has been sneezing, itching her ear, and generally looks and acts like she has a head cold.I was hesitant, since most vets charge high prices for everything.We didn't make an appointment, we just walked in, as most people above have. Its Monday and we brought her in about 10am. The whole visit was about 20 min. The building and inside of the office is older, but clean. The employees are friendly and knowledgable.(Personally, I dont need to go to a fancy vet office with all the high tech gadgets and flat screen tvs. I just want my animal to be treated and to pay a low vet bill.)Anyway,we filled out a new patient form, waited 2 mins in the lobby and were called back to the room.Waited another 30 seconds and the Dr came in with an assistant.The Dr was very kind, listened to my concerns. He did a thorough exam and checked my cat inside and out. He explained, my cat had a viral infection and  he eased my worries by telling me that it is typical for cats to get it this around this time of year and it wasn't a big concern and that meds would fix her right up.He prescribed her Clavamox.He said he could also give her an antibiotic shot and inflammation shot ontop of the antibiotic I was taking home,  to help quicken the effects, but left it up to me to decide or not. He said it wasn't needed, but, would make the cat feel more comfortable and speed up the healing time. I agreed. I also asked him to clip her nails while she was there. Again, he said cats really don't need there nails clipped, since they shave down on their own, but, again he left it up to me and I asked him to do it for me anyway. This Dr is great. He does only what needs to be done and leaves the "extras" up to you to do or not.This is great, since most people are on a budget and cant pay for all the "extras" on top of the regular Vet charges.I have had alot of animals all my life. I have been to Vets many times and have paid thousands in vet fees. This is the first vet I have written a review on and the first vet I'm excited about. I RECOMMEND THIS VET HOSPITAL TO ANYONE THAT WANTS A GREAT VET AT FAIR/CHEAP PRICES!!Even if you have to drive 30 min or and hour, do it. Its worth it. You wont be sorry and you wont break the bank either.This is a breakdown of my vet bill.Office Visit $39.00Antibiotic drops/Clavamox $22.20Injectable antibiotic and inflammation reducer $26.00 (Optional)Nail clipping $17.00 (Optional)TOTAL 104.20That is a cheap Vet bill. It would have been a little over $60.00 if I didn't get the Optional things.Go here, you will be happy you did.My cat will be back to her happy healthy self in a few days!!!!
5	I travel several miles to take my rat terrier Zoe to Dr Yocham. We just need routine check ups for shots and tooth cleaning. The clinic never pushes for blood work and extras. Dr Jocham is a no nonsense vet with a kind but straighforward attitude. He takes care of the K-9 unit dogs and also greyhound rescues and has been in the business a long time. For value and service, he's the best in the valley.
5	Another home run with Dr Yocham. Had to have my wonderful male neutered. Doc was concerned it was more than prostate issues and guided me through the difficult decision (he is a working dog (Oz, not Dr. Y) and we don't normally neuter working dogs so all you crazy people can please not bother chiming in). We decided to go ahead and it appears it was the right decision. He charged MUCH less than another quote I got and spent time with me both before and after the procedure to discuss his findings and help me make the decision. Dr. Yocham is "old school" and in my book, he totally rocks.I trust him. What more do I need to say?Back again today, 4/26/13, for hips and elbow xrays. They whipped my dog right up on the table, no need to sedate her, got the shots and voila, her hips and elbows look fine. I love Southside Animal Hospital.
5	My dog had developed an infection , that I could not see. I cant stand seeing my dog in discomfort , so I brought him in to Dr. Yocham. Dr. Yocham found the issue very quickly , and advised me of my options. My dog was INSTANTLY relieved of his discomfort , and I am happy to say his condition has cleared up.He is not like ANY other vet I have EVER had to deal with. And here is why.He is obviously very good at his profession. Obviously very experienced.I trust him. He didn't just want money and then more money.Dr. Yocham actually cared about me and my dog. The entire experience was great. I no longer fear having to take my animals to the Vet!!Thanks again to Dr. Yocham and Southside Animal Hospital!
5	Impressed with this vet! We have been to several other vets who nickel and dime you, wanting to do every test, exam, ect. Dr. Yocham is thorough but recognizes certain symptoms enough not to charge you and waste time doing extra tests. Our dog has suffered from Valley Fever for years and Dr. Yocham is both compassionate yet practical. He takes time to answer your questions and is very non-judgemental toward any situation.  He also respects whatever personal choice you make in how you would like to treat your animal. Very pleased!
5	I needed to take my pup in for prolonged intestinal distress, and the vet we had seen previously way overcharged so I found Southside here and decided to give them a shot. Walk ins only, which made me a little nervous at first but despite the fact that two other dogs arrived at the same time we did we were still taken to a room within 10 minutes.  Once there, Dr. Yocham saw us within another 10 minutes, much more quickly than I expected.  He is all business, which I appreciate, but it is still very obvious that he cares about his patients.  Even after my normally sissy dog tried to bite him, he was still very patient with her.  Dr. Yocham told me what was going to happen next, gave me a timeline, and returned in the 6-8 minutes he said he would.  He gave me the test results and treatment options.  He was very forthcoming and didn't try to upsell me on anything.My newly possessed dog and I were in and out of there within an hour, with two different medications and a very clear course of treatment, for around $80.  I won't be taking Demon Dog anywhere else.
5	Dr. Yocham is honest and candid.  I hold him in the highest regard and have been seeing him with our dogs for over 16 years.  He treats the MCSO dogs and the seeing eye dogs in Phoenix.I've seen a few other vets around and they all seem to want to pump up the bill.   Everyone is treated with dignity and respect.I truly wish he could treat humans.
1	Ripoff, unprofessional and rude staff!  The reason I took my dog to this Vet was because of the reviews and the phone call I had with them prior to visiting.  I wanted to be aware of the cost and be able to compare with other vets.  My dog was itching like crazy and had scabs everywhere.  I called and asked how much the tests would be on top of the exam fee.  They told me they don't do allergy tests but other tests would be included in the exam.  OK great, thinking I could save some money since it is probably mites; he's been on the same premium food for a long time and nothing has changed so it can't be allergies.  So I had my husband bring the dog there while I'm at work.  They did a simple scrape test and charged him for it!!!!!!!!!!!  Told him it's allergies and now we don't know what he's allergic to.  That's fine but don't charge me for something you said you weren't going to charge!!!!  Now I have to take him to another vet to find out what he's allergic to!  I called them back to see why they had gave me misleading information and the receptionist was extremely rude and unprofessional.  All she could do was lie and make excuses.   I am extremely upset and will not be going back to this location!
5	Every time I have visited dr Yocham and his staff, I have had a wonderful experience this will be my 5th visit soon. They are always upfront with my cost and how much something may cost before doing it. From shots to X-rays I highly recommend these guys!
5	They took my cat in at 8am on Saturday morning and removed his bleeding tumor on his leg. They treated him rapidly and got rid of the tumor. There were no hidden fees or extra charges for anything. They are great at the Southside Animal Hospital.
5	North Phoenix and Scottsdale vets quoted $2K to $3k to fix entropian eyelid on my rescued and traumatized CHOW CHOW 4 year old.   He understood the dog - did all the work - major surgery - had to leave my Chow for surgery overnight -  medications afterward and healed fantastic for less than 1/3 the cost.AWESOME VET WHO does great work
5	I cannot sing enough praises about Dr. Yocham and his staff. I have taken all of my animals to him for different things on different occasions as well as foster animals I've had in my care and I have ALWAYS been happy. I think that's pretty impressive for any service related company. As far as the staff and general set-up go I love that they do drop-in appointments (though they are closed for lunch), their prices are very fair and every staff member I have interacted with has been kind, thoughtful and patient.     Dr. Y is truly an expert. I swear this man knows everything there is to know about dogs and cats. I've brought in different breeds with different problems and he has been able to accurately and quickly diagnose their issues every single time. He has been able to correct mis-diagnosis I've received from other vets where the dog has continued to have an issue and has often done it before I've had the chance to tell him the first opinion. He is NOT one of those vets who will tell you a list of twenty things it could be and charge you $100 to run a million tests so they can medically confirm something they probably already suspected. Dr. Y will walk you through his diagnosis explaining why it is what he says it is. Also, he has always thoroughly and kindly answered any and all questions I have had regarding the diagnosis, problem, treatment, etc. I'm one of those people who asks a million questions about everything and many vets I have interacted with are either dismissive or answer ambiguously, but never Dr. Y. He even will answer my hypothetical questions or questions about preventative/future care type things - truly I appreciate his patience in dealing with pet owners like me.     So now if you have read to the end of this very long review, I want you to also know that Dr. Y treats the police dogs and has a history treating racing greyhounds (which I think is cool!). He has performed everything from basic shots to large scale surgery for me. I went through about 5 different vets before I tried out Dr. Y. Now I drive all the way across town to go to him (unless it's a major emergency) because every time I go to another vet for some extenuating circumstance I am reminded why Dr. Y is the best.
5	BAD NEWS... GOOD NEWSWell, the bad news is Dr. Yocham has sold the practice.  He is still there as an employee but working less.  The good news is, Dr. Tascon seems very competent, nice and knowledgable.  I took my girl in yesterday for extreme itching and scratching. I met Dr. Tascon and he was easy to talk to.  He grated my pup then listened to me.  He then got down on the floor and did an exam on my dog (my dog is a German Shepherd and it's sometimes easier not trying to lift her onto the table).   He was thorough and gentle with her. He explained to me the best treatment for her and, like Dr. Y, there was no "up selling" or unnecessary tests.  I felt comfortable with his recommendation and treatment plan.  Thanks to all the staff at Southside you have been good to me and my K9 family and I appreciate it!
5	I love this place!  Even though they don't take appointments, I have never had to wait more than 10 minutes to get into a room.Dr. Yocham is great at presenting options that save you money. I have already recommended him to a friend and would recommend this office to anyone looking for a vet.
5	I have to say they are great....since they don't take appointments, it's kind of first come, first served, but they were able to fix my dogs chronic cough in no time!
5	Dr. Yokum (spelled yocham) is awesome. My extended family began using Southside 10+ years ago.  Our dogs have been going here for the past 6-7years. We have used southside for shots, and annual blood tests due to epilepsy nedication, and have since moved to the east side of town. I priced out moving to a new closer vet, and all the other places are a total rip off. This vet is well worth the drive!
5	I love this clinic. They are a bit hard to get to, but worth it. I've only seen Dr. Yocham with my two dogs and he's been very professional and friendly. My dogs love him, he's very no nonsense and doesn't try to tack on a lot of extras that may not be necessary. He offers his opinion and lets you decide without pressure what course of action to take. I trust his judgement and I appreciate that he doesn't make you feel like a bad owner. They do not take appointments, but like the others said, I usually get into a room within a few minutes, and only wait about 10 once in there for the Doctor or the Tech to come in. The ladies at the Admin counter are very friendly too. One was very helpful and worked up an estimate and walked me through all of it when I was concerned with dental costs. Overall I would recommend this place and Dr. Yocham. It's not fancy, but really who needs a fancy vet? All you get is a fancy price tag if you're concerned about all the frills that some offer.
5	We have taken both of our dogs to see Dr. Yocham for years and I would never think of going to another vet. He is honest and always correct each time we come to him with a sick puppy. He is an awesome Dr and recommend him to all my family and friends.
4	My dogs have been healthy over the years so I don't have a vet for them.  I take them to clinics for their shots so I was worried when my little guy got a sore under his arm.  I looked on Yelp and found Southside Animal Hospital.  I called them to find out if it was  walk-in clinic and the cost of a basic visit.  The clinic was a walk-in so we waited for about 45 minutes and then got the answers we needed.  The vet was knowledgeable and thorough.  We got in and out for a little over $60.00 for the visit and 2 medications.  Very happy with their service and will be sure to go back if needed.  Would recommend to friends.
1	If you love your pet and dont have any knowledge on how to care for them when they are ill please dont go to this place ! Go to a place that cares about animals and that is knowledgeable on treatment. They told us that our puppy had the begining stages of parvovirus and that it would be 1800 to treat him for it if we left him in their care.(Dont leave your pets with them !) I opted for a second opinion and they still charged almost 50 dollars just for walking in ! (They know what they can do with that !) The service was as if i was a second class citizen which i am by Euro standards but I'm in no way as ignorant as this staff. I got my puppy taken care of by an elderly lady at the pet store on Broadway between central and 7th. Im disgusted by people who are only out to make a quick buck at the expense of someones care for their pets ! (P.S.) They wont even mention that Tamiflu will save your puppy from parvovirus but the humane society will !
