4	Old Country Buffet is above average as far as American buffets go. If you're in the mood for it, it's pretty tasty.
3	It's old country buffet, what do you expect?  Lots of different stuff to choose from, and definitely caters to those who want to eat themselves into bland oblivion.  If you go here looking for exotic, flavorful, unusual cuisine skillfully prepared by a fantastic chef you must be well deluded.
3	Ahhhhh, "The land of &" A meal & a heart attack, or 1000 cc's of insulin. Never was a fan of Old Country Buffet, but the new revamp has brought some life into this old staple. It's still full of Blue Hairs and people who sport clothes that are covered w/ stains and holes. Also, if you are rotund like I am, your self-esteem will be boosted when you realize no matter how fat you are, their is always someone fatter at the Hometown Buffet. Food choices here are awesome. Mexican, American, Italian.... all piping hot and ready to pig on. The salad bar has surprisingly fresh veggies and staff works hard to keep the place clean and well stocked. Too bad every freakin kid in the place has to touch everything, wipe their hands on their nose, then bare hand the items. I even saw the staff kick some woman out for filling up an old "Country Crock" container w/ chicken wings. I guess takeout isn't allowed. LOL Good desert choices too. Soft serve and the usual box-made cakes and pies. The quality of the food won't win any awards. Not nearly as good as a freshly prepared 5 star meal, but better than prison. What do you expect for $9.95?
2	For those that like an abundance of mediocre food that is poorly cooked than this is the place to be. For those that actually like good food I would suggest another restaurant and preferably not a chain.  The only saving grace was the frozen yogurt and the fried shrimp.
3	If you are into buffets, try them out.  Food is diverse.  Food is hot .  Good flavor.  It's good for a family of picky eaters.
3	All you can eat for under $10........what is there to complain about?? If you want junk food and you want lots of it oh this is THE place to go! You've got several hungry mouths to feed and  not that much $$ in the wallet....then this is THE place to go.Other than that I'm not sure why you would go here....
3	Truly a guilty pleasure. I love the salad bar (it always has chick peas). I certainly have a weak spot for the meatloaf and the sweet ketchup sauce, in fact it my favorite meatloaf in town. Do I always end up with heart burn? You bet! Will I come back again (mostly cause the 6'-5" teen boy always asks)? Of course!
1	This buffest reminded me of a Las Vegas buffet except all the food gave me heartburn.  I'd been to a hometown buffet before so when my bf suggested it I relied on my memory of the experience and agreed to go.  Unfortunately my memory must have been jilted by the occasion or this Hometown Buffet was just bad, I dont know.  what I do know is that the food is cheap, about 10$ per person.  It is also soft.  And by this i mean everything is overcooked.  And it all gave me heartburn that lasted all day.  So will I be back?  Maybe in about 10 years when I've forgotten about this experience.
3	I love the Mac n cheese. But the last time I went, I grabbed a chocolate cake. When I took my first bite, I was hard! And the cheese cake was not good either.
3	$11 for dinner. Cheap typical american buffet fare. Not much more to say.Highs:+ Fried chicken+ Mac & Cheese+ Biscuits and gravy+ Fudge cake!Lows:- Gross popcorn shrimp- Dry pot roast- Sad selection of fruit (just cantaloupe and canned peaches/oranges)
4	I have been to this hometown buffet multiple times, a lot for family holidays. Recently we moved to California, went to a hometown buffet here, and were severely disappointed. Hopefully we won't get food poisoning, but it isn't looking very promising I wanted to write a review on the Madison one since it is sooo much better. First off, great selection of food! Beyond great. I don't think I have tasted something I didn't like. We normally always have the same waiter, his name is Carlos, and he is great! The manager Tony is THE BEST! Seriously! I miss going to this place.
3	I go here solely for the fried chicken and chicken tenders, with sides of mashed potatoes with gravy and stuffing. The yeast rolls are nicely honey buttered. The salad and fruit bar is really good too.  But the other choices don't interest me. The dessert are not too good except the ice cream.
3	So this is a typical buffet.   Wide selection of food and it was decent.   They had a good spread for Thanksgiving with all the typical food and sweets.   I would not be a regular, but when I am looking for a huge meal that is decently priced, I will visit Hometown again.   Since I visited on Thanksgiving the place was packed.      The staff did a great job keeping the buffet well stocked and I was seated in about 10 miniutes.
4	Surprisingly excellent Easter Dinner.  Prime rib to die for (better than we've had at Great Dane's brunch), and their homemade horseradish cream is really good. Actually has some snort to it! Coconut cream pie & carrot cake both delicious. May become our new Easter tradition! (Sure liked not having to clean up my trashed kitchen!)
3	It's a buffet...if you're expecting world class food then of course you're going to disappointed. The meal was cheap, the food was ok, and it filled me up. What else can you ask for from a buffet style restaurant?I was starving and staying right next to it, so it was an easy choice.
