3	I've been a successful graphic designer/computer animator for the past 7 years and it was because of my Art Institute degree that I was able to first get my foot in the door. The Good:- there are some amazing teachers at the school that provided real-world experience and wonderful mentoring skills- being surrounded by like-minded students in a creative environment- involving (and sometimes very challenging) assignments that tested my artistic ability- some job-placement assistanceThe Bad:- tuition is expensive- I had some really lousy teachers too- some classes were a waste of time and money... I did not need to take "Film Study", reallyGoing back to The Art Institute as an alumni (graduate summer 2000), a lot of things have changed for the better.  The school is equipped with the newest technology, there is a cafe that serves lunches and there are many more extracurricular clubs and functions to be involved in.  Oh, they have added a parking structure too.
3	I wouldn't go here. In fact, I looked into attending Ai of Phoenix for a graphic design degree and decided it was not the path I needed (or wanted). The decision came, though, after a couple months of trying to sort things out with them. I applied. I met with a career counselor. I had to submit some more paperwork. I went on a tour. I then was sent to meet a financial adviser, who had to be barely 18. That's when I realized that the majority of these students were young, inexperienced and knew to college life. I, on the other hand, already had a degree. I was looking to combine my past experience with a design degree to enhance my career. I also realized Ai isn't willing to working with professional students. They don't take into consideration your work schedule as much as they should, especially if they want to appear accommodating and understanding to students who are truly committed to going to Ai. Case in point: In order to get the "a-ok" to take only 9 credit hours a semester, I would have had to get the permission of the Graphic Design Faculty Advisor - or something. Ai really pushes a full-time schedule on its students, even if they offer evening classes. Silly. Plus, I didn't like being treated like an idiot. I mean, do I have to tell you over and over again that I already have a degree, that I know what to expect from paperwork and financial aid? Can you not see I'm annoyed at some 18 year-old who can't operate a computer to tell me what my cost would be per semester? Can you not tell I'm irked when I make known I'm on my lunch break, and I'm told it'll be another hour before we're finished? I don't like somebody wasting my time. True, I can be impatient. But this was ridiculous.That's when I decided this place wasn't for me. Sure, I've heard great things about it, but the people who have gone here have told me I could have gotten a comparable degree and built a better portfolio somewhere else. Enough said.
3	Ditto to everything Kelly said. I'm a graphic design graduate from this school. Except I had to take a screenwriting class. WTF? I guess that was the only way to knock out that last English credit, but what a pain. I wouldn't say it's a "total rip-off" like Shirleen. I had some very good classes and some very good teachers. I also got some good experience and it helped me fill my portfolio with realistic design projects like identity systems and annual reports.If you've already got some skills and are just looking to hone them and get a degree, it's a decent place to go, especially if you can nab a scholarship. You'll get the fundamental design classes that involve painting little color studies with gouache and painstakingly hand-rendering typefaces with microscopically-nibbed pens, but they don't dwell on that stuff like a lot of the university design programs do. They quickly move you in to classes with projects that imitate things you'd have to do in the real world.If you have no clue how to do anything even remotely creative and you're hoping this school will teach you how... if you have a problem accepting constructive criticism... if you want a standard college experience with sports teams and picking your own class schedule... don't bother, you'll just be one of the many first-year dropouts.
1	My girlfriend and I where totally lied to by everyone we talked to. Finally someone from finacial aid pulled me into a side office away from the enrollment counselors and pointed out bachelor's degree would cost a minimum of 90k... I recieve the maxium amount of grants and loans, I still would have have to pay over $1000 out of pocket every month to cover tuition... Throughout the course of the meeting I consistantly asked why my finacial wouldn't cover the total cost of tuition when at other schools (that cost the same per credit hour) I would be getting a refund to help cover the cost of housing. Everytime I asked it no one would answer me... They just tried to push me to the point of signing papers and paying the application fee... I went home, got online and did my own research, the reason their tuition ends up being more per degree is because they make you take 60 more credit hours... FOR THE SAME DEGREE!!!! If i was going to 90k for an undergraduate degree I would attend an Ivy league school... F$%^ THAT SCHOOL... The best part is when the enrollment counselor could see that I wasn't going to sign or pay anything until I did my own research, she started getting super aggressive to the point if she wasn't a girl the meeting probably would have ended voilently... How can she even get mad at me? If they wouldn't have lied to me in the beginning I wouldn't have been there... The situation felt like I was being screwed by a used car salesman...
3	It is all what you put into this school. I have seen kids graduate with no skills! The cost of this school is out of this world, but they do have a ton of resources and all up-to-date equipment, so if you are motivated you will come out on top. I did land a fairly decent job after graduation and have moved up quickly. Way out other options, but keep it in list
3	The Art Institute of Phoenix.... I first  heard of this school when I lived in El Paso, TX and was looking to go to the one in Dallas.  Once I knew we were coming back to Phoenix my senior year, I gave that up.Came back to Phoenix and it wouldn't be 5 years after I graduated that I heard AIPX would be opening.  However, I was working full time and they offered no evening classes.  I got my AA from Phoenix College instead.In 2002 and after three meetings of talking to the recruiter, I finally began my schooling for web design at AIPX.  I'll put in bullet points of what I liked and did not like about this place.What I loved... * The people at AIPX were always amazing.  I think I was lucky to have the best instructors ever. There were a couple that I would question as to why they were there, but even after graduating there in 2005, I am still friends with most of my instructors there.* The pace of classes.  The way the school worked was that you went year round and between each quarter, you would have a week or two off, depending on a holiday.  I liked this because it kept me in the groove of things.* Access to pretty much anything.  Being a web design stupid, I also enjoyed working with video and audio at times, and I loved that the AV room was open to people. You could rent top quality cameras for any project.  Just had to sign up!* School store and restaurant.  I loved that everything I needed was down at the store.  It was like my own personal art supply store.  The food at the cafe area was pretty decent too.  They have a restaurant for the culinary students, but it's always closed during class.  I did eat there during an alumni meeting.  Not too shabby.* Alumni Parties:  After you graduate, you get on a list and every four months they plan a party for the alumni.  I have been to all of them, but missed the past three.  They have all been a blast.  What I didnt like...* PRICE.  Please please please, make sure you are full aware of how much this school is.  Even with grants and loans, the school I hear is now about $90,000 for a bachelors degree.  Back when I went I went for my associates, but they talked me into the BA.  It was $65,000 then.* KNOW THE LOANS:  You can get your regular Salle Mae student loans that you end up paying for 20 years after you graduate.  That's all well and good.  But keep in mind that most banks will also offer "school loans" too.. Be careful though, because they are not regular student loans.  They are private loans.  So when you do graduate, you wont get the monthly bill of $125...  Try $800 a month.   I made the mistake of needing more money and applied for a few private loans.  They had no problem giving them to me because I was in school.   My total bill was $90,000 with Salle Mae and private loans..  it sucks. Be careful.* While I had many great instructors there were a few that I just didn't get.   And by get I mean, they didn't seem to get along with the class and was only here out of necessity.  They didn't have the passion like other instructors on teaching you.  So that tends to hurt the student because they haven't a clue on what they're learning*  Parking  (this can also be good now).  Back then parking sucked because you had to share it with a couple other buildings and if you didnt get there early, you were way the hell far back.  now they have a parking garage that they built just after I graduated... nice timing.  So I hear it's pretty decent now.  Thx AIPX.... * Job Placement:  I learned that they dont just hook you up with a job after you graduate.  They will put you on an email list and if a job comes up, will send you an email.  Nothing is guaranteed.Over all, I had some amazing times at AIPX and made some great friends.  Great school if you know what you're gettin into.
1	Dont Go Here! Please save yourself the $$$$$$ I got my degree here in fashion marketing. This school is a joke, its all sales they dont care about u they just want ur money. My best friend also went here and is now working for AI she told me about all the shady stuff they do to get ur money. She said since she works for them and knows the bs they pull she would have NEVER went here. All my close friends i went to school with cant even find a job to even pay for there loans. The jobs they send us are for retail....how lame you dont need a college degree to work retail! Two of my friends pay 500 a month for loans my other pays 1200. I only pay interest because my loans are deferred. I'm going to a reputable community college and getting a reputable degree. Oh ya FYI this school looks bad on your resume. i went on a job interview and the lady told me she felt really bad for me that i went there because she used to work there and they are a SCAM!
1	Don't go to this crappy school.  It is not worth the money.  I transferred from another Art Institute because they misled me seemed to care only about getting your money.  The Phoenix location makes me feel like going back to Portland for that type of abuse.  Phoenix is much worse.  The teachers don't give your grades promptly, nor do they explain what they are expecting to see from you to determine the difference between a 79, 85 and 93 on a project for example.  They are supposed to submit these grades so you can check them online.  I have yet to have a teacher who actually does.  When you finally corner your teachers to get your grade, they just tell you that you are doing fine.  I was a straight a student with a previous BS degree.  I attend all my classes and turn in every assignment on time.  I am an actor pursuing a film and video degree, I have never considered myself an artist (drawer, painter, sculptor).  I do not mind having to take these classes for my degree, but I just wanted to keep my GPA high.  I have never had so many B+'s in my life.  Some folks would be OK with those grades, however, I am a serious student and pride myself on my GPA.  The teachers at this school don't seem to care about truly helping students.  It definitely seems like they just hand out grades arbitrarily and don't place much emphasis on returning your tests and assignments promptly.  Even some of my A's were just given to me because of how the teachers may have felt about me.If you are not in the culinary program, then you are definitely the redheaded step-child at this school.If you are not a video game nerd, an artsy gay looking femme, or a hot fashion design chick, then you may feel like an outcast at this school.I am a non-traditional student and a transfer student, their bullshit sales tactics and focus in not designed to reach these demographics.I am clean-cut, in my 30's, prior military veteran, former college football player, and have already worked in the profession I am pursuing a degree in.   I have yet to feel welcomed by any staff member or fellow student at this school, accept for security when they ask to see my ID.You are not allowed to pick your own classes or schedules at this school.  They "somehow" register your classes for you, then you have to go through much hassle to change it to a more convienient plan.If you are a transfer student, (even from another Ai in the same degree program).  Prepare to be screwed in you degree audit.It is very difficult to find personal tutoring on a project or software program.  Even though they advertise differently.The only decent thing about this school is, that they do have decent gear and equipment, and the people who work in the rental cage are very helpful.  However, you have to have permission to check out gear overnight or over the weekend.  This just seems like an extra hustle, and other schools don't have this policy.  All in all, this school really sucks.  If you are disciplined and focused you can get what you need out of this school, but you will regret the price and experience later.  If you are a virgin, nerd or loser looking to meet and mingle with your peers, and figure out what you want out of life, then this is the school and experience that you need to have.  Otherwise, if you are young and seeking the traditional college experience, or older and already have a job and other obligations, then I suggest you go to a "real" college or university.  ASU or U of A are some good ones.  They don't need to hire and train people to be sleazy salesmen in order to pressure you to come to their schools, they actually have prestige, and they don't need to advertise solely to losers at home sitting on the couch, watching daytime network TV, dreaming about a career in....Like the Art Institutes have to.
1	Beware of very high tuition costs with very little results. Not worth the money.
4	After reading quite a few negative reviews, I thought I would put my two cents in. I attended this school, and was awarded my BA in Graphic Design in 2010. Since then, I have worked as a graphic designer at an advertising agency and then decided to move into an in-house position at the Greater Phoenix Chamber of Commerce. If it wasn't for the hands-on learning I gained at the Art Institute, I wouldn't have had the ability to get the positions I got, and then keep up the pace at those positions. I had wonderful instructors, actual clients to practice on, and lots of team projects that taught me valuable lessons about what it would be like as a designer in the real world. Most of the relationships I have made at this school have helped me in the long run, and I am happy to say that most of those friends also went on to bigger and better things, in many of the different fields. The Art Institute is definitely expensive, and yes, you can get the same degree elsewhere for less. However, the education is amazing, and I am hard-pressed to find professionals in my field that are at an AI grads level from other universities. Sure, they are out there, but it is overwhelming how prepared AI grads are once they have graduated. With all that said, not all AIPX's programs are created equal. You absolutely have to do your research before signing anything, and be sure that it is the right school for you. Speaking from personal experience the instructors in the Graphic Design and Advertising programs (my first major before switching) are fantastic, seasoned designers/instructors, and I know from my boyfriends program of Video Game Art and Design, those instructors are fantastic as well (he also has a full-time job in his industry).The other downfall is the school IS expensive. However, if you are looking to get into a more technical field, AIPX provides us with a more hands-on education, which will ultimately prepare you for what it's like in the real world, and it's worth the price. They also keep their students up to date on the latest trends and technology, including updating their computers with the latest software (which is no easy task *cough* ADOBE *cough*).I know I sound like a salesman for the school (I'm totally not), but I had a great experience, and thought it was appropriate to share. You get out of it what you put in. I definitely recommend it :)
4	I graduated in 2000 from AIPX as a culinary arts student and although this review isn't about my education experiences there, I can say I received a 4 star education there. This review is about my experience having lunch recently in the Gallery Cafe. My friend, my sons, and I enjoyed a delicious lunch on Friday which included one of the tastiest cabbage soups I've ever had. We enjoyed leg of lamb as well as short ribs for our entrees and the bread was incredible. The student server although a little slow did a very good job in his presentation and had a very clear understanding of what was being served, how it was prepared, and offered suggestions based on the questions we had. I look forward to a return visit to the cafe and
1	Only missed a total of 2 days, didn't actually miss them. Just showed up late because of morning traffic, and that's only for one of my classes. My grades are pretty low now, and it's finals week. There saying I haven't turned in most of my work when I actually have, they still haven't even put in my grades. Plus It's now been 3 weeks since they've last been updated. I soon found out that I actually wasn't the one who was slacking, but the Teachers them-selfs were. Especially when it comes down to grading.
4	I was invited to a Tasting which was for a student who was being tested I believe. She was perfectly on time with dishes, meals were perfect temperature. Delightful presentation and flow. Descriptions and open talk after were nice. A great experience & I will return!
