4	I love tapas bars!!!  The new place which opened where Coco Osteria used to be is a lovely surprise.  I hadn't even known they opened, but was pleased to see a new small plates option in town.  The ambiance is warm and cozy, inviting conversation and intimacy.  The service was friendly and attentive, with glasses always filled and food delivered promptly.  The dishes we tried were fresh and flavorful...Grilled calamari with rosemary and fresh lemon (mmmm!), Dorado over julienned vegetables was a lovely combination, eggplant bruschetta was savory and delicate, and the mussels were spicy and delicious.  The only plate that disappointed was the fried plantains (sort of bitter and the dipping sauce lacked flavor and, in my opinion, did not pair well).  Really looking forward to coming back again.
4	Went for date nite with the hubby. We are both from miami and huge fans of tapas. That said we decided to try this place out. Ambience was nice with some latin music in the background which was a plus. We had a carafe of sangria which was very tasty! We decided to have two tapas and the paella for two. All were delicious! I highly recommend the creamy ham, potato, and manchego croquetas and the grilled baby octopus. The paella was really good and had lots of seafood and meat along with crispy rice! We were too full for dessert but had to order a tres leches to go... Midnite snack! Cool place to go for date night but i would sit at the bar next time as it gets pretty loud! Park at the hearst towers..restaurant is in that plaza! A little on the pricey side but i enjoyed it!
1	I was really looking forward to dining here,but doubt I'll go back. I sat at the bar at noon. I ordered empanada's and plantains. Oh and coffee.  The empanadas (3 two bites) where bland and had no sauce.  Plantains were awful.  No flavor and weren't seasoned. No one ever came by to ask if I liked the food and never refilled my coffee. I watched four possible two tops leave because nobody greeted them. I spent twenty dollars and I'm still hungry. Too bad I loved COCO'S.
5	Congrats to Conte Restaurant Group. Malabar is Charlotte's best new surprise. We definitely felt like we had escaped to another city. We sat at the bar for dinner, the bartender was very helpful and personable. He took a lot of time explaining the specials to us. The chef came out of the kitchen and chatted with us for a bit. The food was unbelievable and the prices more reasonable than many Charlotte restaurants. The wine list is also priced reasonable with a great variety of white and red wines by the glass. We are making this little find a regular stop.
4	We visited while in town for work, and had a nice evening on the patio with some sangria (both white and red were yummy) and a couple of tapas. The servers were a tiny bit slow, but very nice. Overall a good visit!
4	Great selection of tapas incl veggie items. Try the chili rellenos.  Very tasty . Enjoy!
5	Terrific meal, good service, the ubiquitious Gypsy Kings wailing in the background. Seated within 10 minutes of our reservation. The batatas bravas (cubes of potatoes spiced with hot paprika), yuca with a cilantro aioli, beef empanadas, and eggplant romesco to start with paella or shrimp, chicken, mussels, clams and chorizo. Finish with tres leches cake and sweet empanadas. Good sangria and espresso. We're planning on a return visit for sure
4	This was such a fun find. For date night, a low-key happy hour or pre-show nibble, this Uptown newcomer is choice. The dinner menu includes a nice selection of meat-, veggie- and fish-based tapas dishes, as well as paella (allow ~30 minutes for these gems) and desserts (hello, tres leches cake). I've found that three to five dishes comprise a filling meal for two. The croquetas, pimientos rellenos and tortilla de esparragos have been standouts for me, and the seafood paella beckons for when I return. The list of Spanish wines has a good number of by-the-glass options, with some bottle options being reasonably priced. Specialty cocktails also are for the sipping. (Caipirinha? Siiii.)On each of my visits I've been greeted warmly at the door by the host/manager and seated in the cozy-chic, low-lit dining room. Patio seating is great when the weather cooperates. The staff is friendly and super-quick in my experience. On one visit we let our server take the wheel and select our dishes; we weren't disappointed. Glad to have Malabar among our options for a unique meal.
1	Terrible service.  Bad food.  Manager was rude and they forgot parts of our order and refused to split a check.  Not going back.
4	Malabar is a typical classic Spanish tapas restaurant. The tapas are simple yet thoughtful. The ambiance is laid-back and the patio is nice for drinks and people watching. Don't go there in a rush. The service is slow and pretty bad. Nevertheless, I'm a fan!
2	Bring back Coco!!  A friend picked this place for his birthday dinner last week.  It was a Monday so it was pretty dead.  My other friend got there 1st and got us a table, i walked inside to let them know my reservation name.  Everyone was sitting at the bar and turned and looked at me like I disturbed them.Before I got there my friend ordered me a cosmo, took a while to get there for only have 3 customers.  It tasted okay so that is the 2 stars.  My friends sangria was disgusting and was spiced with something awful, they did not charge us for it.  He then went to look over the wine list, as the manager just stood there and stared at him waiting for his reply.  Super uncomfortable, it wasn't like we were in a rush!We ordered the cod fritters and 2 cheeses to start.  I didn't care for any of it, the presentation was bad and the flavor was worse.  We figured we were in for a night of disappointments if we stayed, so we opted to pay the check and head somewhere else.I was really hoping for some great Spanish tapas since they are few and far between here.  But it just was bad and awkward and made me question how the same people who own and run Luce could possibly be involved with this place.
4	Having lived in Spain, I had high expectations for this place and they were pretty much met - we got the seafood paella, croquetas and champinones (shrooms) and while I didn't feel like the croquetas and champinones brought me back to Spain, they were delicious.  The tres leches was amAzing. I do wish it was darker/cozier - the large windows make it feel like you're in a fishbowl.  Looking forward to trying more of their tapas.  The service was very good.
5	Oh stop it with the bring back CoCo Osteria already (he says with a loving smile).  That place was a good Italian restaurant, but with a second Italian white table cloth restaurant by the same owner less than 100 feet away, trying something different was a great idea.Now you find Malabar in it's rightful place.  Small but suitable patio for outside eating, great staff that warmingly greets you, a lot of wonderful options in food, and if you're willing to be a little daring, you can venture out with some new options.  They have a great mix of Spanish cuisine.  There's a healthy mix of Cuban, Puerto Rican, and some Mexican dishes around.  My favorite is the lamb by far.  I try to avoid meat when I can but it's quite irresistible here.  A close second would be the stuffed peppers and the potato dishes.  Really good stuff.On top of that, fore being such a small place, they have a great bar and an excellent wine selection.  The manager Angelo always has me pushing my boundaries and trying something new.  I'll be damned if he's not right most of the time.  Check it out, try it out and if nothing else you'll come away with a great experience.  Or you'll be like me and coming back for more and more and more...
5	Good spanish food
5	Personalized service, romantic atmosphere w friends or a date. I loved the food. Croquettas, flank steak, spanish wines.... ahhhh refreshing for Charlotte. The manager and staff were all so sweet (and hot). I will def go here again!!  Oh and you can not go wrong with the prices!
5	My friend, Leslie and I ventured into Malabar in Charlotte one nice, balmy night for some sangria to get away from the Epicenter untz untz. IF you get me. ON first sight, the manager is suave. The heat pours off of him and it makes you want to drink the sangria mucho gusto.. :-) We had the paella, which takes a bit of time to prepare, but worth the wait. In the mean time, we opted for a sample of tapas: Croquettes; empanadas; and pimentos with manchego.. we opted for the pitcher of red sangria and its well worth it. Left there sangria swayed. AND had to come back the next night.. you know.. just to sip the sangria.. Una vez mas:-)
3	We've paid several visits to Malabar, the first was amazing and the others that followed were just so-so.We have always enjoyed Toscana, our favorite Conti restaurant so we expected our continued visits to hold up at Malabar. During our first stop, the bartender helped us choose a nice red wine, there were vegetarian items included in the specials, and the chef treated us to a few more off the menu. It was truly a great experience.During our next visit, about a week later, that bartender didn't work there anymore,we had few meatless options, and the staff seemed very disorganized. They changed our waiter midway through our meal, the wine list had already changed, the experience was clearly not as pleasant as the first. We visited another time or twoand felt the same inconsistency with the wine and the staff.We came back the last time with friends, only because it was prearranged, hoping for a better experience. The staff still seemed to be a little disorganized and the food not nearly as wonderful as our first visit, when the chef had time to treat us.We may give Malabar another try, but it's already been a few months.
4	I suggested Malabar on a whim on a Wednesday night for a special celebration.  I am a big fan of Spanish tapas and my very first introduction to tapas was at Arpa in uptown Charlotte.  I loved that restaurant, which sadly closed down several years ago.  After studying abroad in Sevilla for a semester in college, I truly fell in love with Spanish style tapas and way of life.  I love making dinner your main event, lingering over wine, good food and conversation.  The food at Malabar was outstanding.  I highly suggest the Escalivadas, which is a smoky combination of roasted eggplant, onion, peppers and olive oil.  Great on top of bread.  Also not to miss are the prosciutto wrapped figs (higos).  I could eat these every day.  The wine pours are generous as well.  I had a delicious rioja that took me back to the winding streets of Sevilla.  The only tapas that I didn't see (my favorite) is espinacas con garbanzo, which is a spinach and chick pea dish.  Here's hoping the manager will read this review and add it!The Tres Leches cake was cool, creamy, and perfectly sweet. It just melts in your mouth.  It was the perfect ending to an absolutely amazing meal.  I will be back.
5	I was taken here on a late afternoon when i was feeling particularly Hangry. The last place I wanted to go to was a Tapas place when all I wanted to do was eat a big bowl of pasta. I'm so happy that I came here. I tried the beef empanadas, mussels, potatoes bravas, shrimp, and barbecued shredded beef-- they were all extremely delicious.Couple things to consider: this place is tiny. I would call ahead for a reservation. There is outdoor seating (limited)The service was slow. The only person who really shined was the quiet older woman who saw the hunger in my eyes and proceeded to fill my bread basket without asking about 4 times.
3	i ordered the gambas and tortilla espaniola. i love tortilla but this one wasnt one of the best i've eaten (only okay- maybe because it is an upscale version, not enough seasoning and not oily enough? just lacked some flavor). gambas ("garlic shrimp" on the menu) were delicious, good portion size, served with pan fried potatoes. however, when i inquired whether it is served with rice (I was getting it to go and wanted to confirm I'd be getting a starch with it) the server sharply responded "What? No. We do not have rice here. No rice here." Really? No rice? Half the menu consists of paella options (cooked to order, 2-person order minimum). I guess he meant to say no rice on the side or something like that, but he was literally barking back to me "No rice here" over and over again. Not sure if he was offended somehow by the question, but anyway other than this negative interaction, the kitchen is doing a good job and I had a tasty meal. btw, tres leches dessert hit the spot.
4	Quaint place. Get a reservation if you have more than 2 people. One of the few places around town you can order 'sharing plates' and try a little of everything.
5	I dined at this lovely restaurant last night with my husband, father-in-law and another couple.  We all absolutely loved everything we tried.We decided just to order lots of tapas for the whole table to share and I'm so glad we went this route.The croquetas were moist and the sauce they lay on was absolutely delicious.The favorite at the table was the almejas a la mancha which were clams and chorizo in a red sauce.  I could have made this my whole meal.We loved the Jamon Serrano!  Enough that we ordered two.We also devoured two of the Tortilla Espanola, a potato and onion omelet.The great thing about tapas is that I usually have room left for dessert and I'm so glad I did in this case.The churros were served hot and with a delicious melted chocolate sauce!I'm not a huge flan fan but my husband absolutely loved it.The tres leche was superb but my favorite was the empanadas dulces which was berries and bananas in a pastry crust.Lastly I must mention the sangria was excellent!  They chop their fruit up in tiny bite size pieces which we found genius.  I can't wait to do this next time I make Sangria at home.Really looking forward to returning to this great establishment.Try it and you won't be disappointed!
4	So I'm completely confused as to why a Spanish tapas restaurant is called "Malabar" when that word usually refers to an area of India, but no one consulted me when they (mis)named the eatery. What I'm not confused about is how delicious the food was, and how impressed I was with our unflappable server. Even when he was confronted with a table of seven raucous blogger type ladies in town for a blog convention, he suggested dishes to share which suited the vegetarians and two of us who have shellfish allergies. As our Friday night dinner hour went on, however, he appeared to be oversat, and that affected his timing on refreshing drink orders. We were sucking down the red and white Sangria like we knew what we were doing. He needed back up, and if you drink enough of that light and refreshing Sangria on a hot summer evening, you will, too. The Paellas were excellent and served in the pans in which they are cooked, and two orders were enough for all of us to share along with several small plates. The Croquetas, Pimientos Rellenos and the Manchego were among my favorites, and I wish now that I had ordered the Yuccas Fritas. It filled up pretty quickly during our visit, so I would definitely suggest a reservation at this taste of Spain in uptown Charlotte.
5	Well priced. Excellent artful food with fresh ingredients. One of the best quality lunches you get uptown (nutritional, tasty, affordable). I am always shocked that this place is not busier. Excellent service too. Try the perfectly dressed watercress sales with lamb skewers! Also love the stuffed peppers.
3	I recently tried out this Tapas establishment expecting to be hungry 15mins. after I ate.  This was not the case.  I am not usually a fan of Tapas for this reason, too little food too much money.    We started out with an Artichoke appetizer which was really just one little square of an Artichoke mix atop a slice of bread.  I ordered a nice Malbec but tried the Red Sangria and wish I had ordered that for the entire meal, it was delightful.  For our entree we had the Paella Royal, Sliced chorizo, Croquettes and Fiery Potatoes.  This was my first Paella but I know how the dish is made so it wasn't a total surprise.  I have to say, I avoided the baby Octopus and Prawns because they just freaked me out.  I'm used to my Octopus wrapped in sushi rice so there's a bit of a disconnect and I don't like beheading my meal before eating it.   Overall, the Paella was delicious but again, this is my first order of it.  The vegetables were cooked perfectly as was the various meat in the dish.  The pork rib in the meal did lack some actual Pork so that was a slight disappointment.  The sliced Chorizo tapa was smaller and sliced thinner that what I was expecting, think Prosciutto. It was good and we still didn't finish it so I suppose it doesn't matter that it was so thin.  I do highly recommend the Fiery potatoes (potatoes Brava!).  They came with a white sauce drizzled on top and just enough seasoning to have flavor without really being "Fiery".  The Croquettes were a little gooey but to be fair, they did only contain potatoes and manchego.    By accident, our server brought an order of what I believe to be Albondigas (beef meatballs).  Now, we were too involved in our conversation to really remember what we ordered so we did eat one meatball a piece before the server realized that it wasn't our order.  The meatballs were very good and I would recommend ordering them if you're into that sort of thing (meatballs without pasta or a bun).  This brings me to the service.  I'd like to point out that the place was slammed packed.  I was asked for my drink order within a few moments of seating but it took a long time to actually receive my wine.  I noticed that we weren't the only table that received the wrong food.  The table next to us also got an extra order of something along with the Sangria that I ordered.  I'd like to point out that it took a LOOOONG time for me to actually get my Sangria and our server never came around to make sure we were ok.  I did see other servers circling the restaurant so I don't know what the deal was with our side of the room.   For better service, try to dine here Mon-Wed. nights as it is insane on a Thursday (you know,pre-weekend).  With all the Tapas restaurants in Charlotte, this one didn't hold my taste buds enough to bring me back but instead to try other places.
4	Tapas, nothing less!I always enjoy going to tapas restaurants because given the miniscule size of each dish, chefs tend to go the extra mile to make the food stand out. In many ways, these Spanish style dishes are among the most powerful because you can clearly taste the flavors that are baked, grilled or fried right into the main protein or ingredient (smaller serving dishes implies more concentrated flavors).Malabar has a few great instances of this, namely their Paella and Croquetas. Paella takes ~35 min to make, but if you're looking for something fresh, this is the only place that's going to do it for you in uptown. A fresh paella takes awhile and when you receive the finished product (photo), you'll understand why. I tried the Paella Royale, which came with a wide assortment of fish, chorizo and chicken. It was a generous portion and very very delicious. The waiters claim this is what they eat back home, but obviously take that with a grain of salt (no pun). The croquetas are rich, velvety and savory. Nice flecks of jamon serrano. The Vaca Frita was somewhat average to me. It definitely sounded amazing and used two ingredients that I love together: beef and onions...then they fry it. The actual product was a little tougher than I would have liked and a little under seasoned - but I won't hold it against them. All in all, if you've had really good Spanish/Tapas before, then you're probably not going to be too impressed here, though it will be enjoyable. For newcomers, this is a great place to start developing your tapas palate.4/5
4	We stopped here on a whim looking for something to eat before going to the Belk Theatre.   There were a number of expected tapas and some new ones to try as well.   Everything was really good!
4	Despite it being a Friday night in Uptown Charlotte, there were no crowds busting at the doors - the atmosphere was the perfect balance of relaxed and upscale. Along with the great ambience came great food. For starters, our server brought us complimentary Spanish flatbread covered with a light tomato sauce. It was very refreshing and made me excited for the rest of the meal. My friend and I ordered three tapas: - Pimientos Rellenos, stuffed roasted peppers-Tigres, mussels in spicy red sauce. My friend who doesn't even like seafood enjoyed them, so I would say they are pretty special. -Albondigas, beef meatballs with tomato sauce. This is the dish I would recommend to anyone who comes to Malabar. Not only were the meatballs exceptional in texture and taste, but the sauce was what really what blew me away. It was all at once rich, light and creamy that it became the main part of our meal because we couldn't stop dipping our bread in it. While I didn't order it this time, I will be stopping by Malabar soon to try their paella. I hear that they are made to order and would take 35 minutes to prepare. I will keep you posted and find out if it is as good as it sounds!
5	Phenomenal....yup that pretty much sums this place up. I am shocked to see some mixed reviews on here for Malabar. I went here last night with a group of friends for restaurant week and I can not say one bad thing about the place. Everything from the service to the food was amazing. The great part about there menu for restaurant week is that you can try out a lot of there foods. They gave a choice of two tapas to start, one entree, and one dessert. As far as the entree you had an option with their Paella. If you chose, it was for your standard two people. My girlfriend and I decided that we wanted to try as many tapas as possible and ordered four different tapas. We  got the grilled octopus, calamari, croquetas, and clams with chorizo. All of them were great. The croquetas, clams, and calamari were out of this world. The grilled octopus was good but not on the same level as the other dishes. The sauce from the clams with chorizo were to die for. I used up all the bread on the table to soak up that stuff. We both wanted the Seafood Paella. It was extremely flavorful and came with a good amount of clams, mussels, shrimp, calamari and monk fish. All of the ingredients were perfectly cooked. For dessert we split the flan and the tres leches. I do not a very big sweet tooth but I thought both were really good. The tres leches was super moist.  All of that paired with a nice bottle of Granacha and good friends. Truly a nice evening at Malabar.
4	I can't tell you how excited I am that Malabar opened in Charlotte. After living in Spain for a year, this is as close as it gets to Spanish food. Mind you the waiters are not all from Spain and some of the food like canelones is italian and yukka is central/south american. Came here for my friend's birthday. They were so great that they catered to all 15ish of us on separate checks, bless their heart, it's not the norm, but they were nice enough to accomodate us. And take a million pictures of us on our iphones. I'd recommend getting a whole bunch of tapas split between everyone as opposed to one tapa or entree for yourself. My eyes were bigger than my stomach and I was in a painful food coma after dinner bc I attempted a full course meal: 1 tapa, 1 churrasco, and the tres leches cake. Too many good tapa options here: patatas bravas, canelones, albondigas, croquetas, lomo, tortilla patata, jamon serrano, the list goes on...). I can't wait to go back...I'd like to try the paella but be aware that you must call ahead because it takes 35 minutes to prepare.
5	We went for girls night out on Saturday night and did the Queens Feast menu.  The Queen's Feast menu is great!  Plenty of options for $30.  We started with mojitos which are all made fresh, so it takes a little longer than pouring a glass of wine, so order as soon as you sit down.  Some of my favorite tapas: clams, mussels, crispy marinated beef, grilled calamari -so good - (it's the whole calamari, may not be what you are expecting, but so good!).  For the entrees we ordered paella, grilled skirt steak with chimichurri sauce and monkfish.  All very good.  We ordered too much paella - we had 6 of us and we should have gone for one more entree and ordered one less paella.  So, that would have been 4 entrees and 1 paella and that would have been enough. Lastly was dessert and we love the Tres Leches!  If you like chocolate the Chocolate & Cafe Mousse was good too!The service, as usual, was great.  Very attentive.  We also got there right as at our reservation time and we able to sit down right away, which was very nice.  Great time and good food!
5	If you like real Spanish Tapas, this restaurant is a must.  All dishes are great.  I particularly loved the vaca frita.  My wife loves the remolacha con pollo.  We live in Durham and Malabar is one of the main reasons we visit Charlotte!
4	Four of us checked out Malabar during Restaurant Week. None of us had visited before so we were all excited to see what we've been missing. We were immediately impressed with the warm but modern decor but felt a little bit squeezed into our table in the middle of the room. Our options from the Restaurant Week menu were incredible. We could pick 2 tapas, 1 entree, and 1 dessert. Because there were 4 of us, we tried to order 8 different tapas - brilliant. They were delicious. The seafood tapas options were the highlights... We didn't hit it out of the ballpark, however, for our entree. Both couples decided to order paella. 2 people must order & share - FYI! Silly us, there were other entree options we liked but we felt like we HAD to order paella. It was ok. Just ok. I am glad I tried it - I was able to recreate a similar version at home after our visit - but, truly, I wasn't overjoyed. I wouldn't order it again - next time I might just stick with the tapas menu. Our one issue... We brought our own wine ($15 corkage fee - no problem) and our server gladly opened our bottles for us. After realizing we were pressed for space, we probably shouldn't have requested 2 wine glasses apiece - but we did. In an attempt to make room before our food came, our server combined glasses of wine - without asking! Ugh. Other than that, our server was excellent, the secondary staff helping with bread & water were hit  or miss - mainly due to language barriers. Check out Malabar - Charlotte is lucky to have this delicious, Spanish restaurant in uptown.
4	Simple, friendly and good service....Think tapas, tequila and conversation.
4	Awesome I had such a great time at Malabar this past weekend.  They have a great little patio outside that is ideal for some Uptown people watching.  I enjoyed some great wine with outstanding service.  Out waiter was patient and friendly he gave us some great recommendations and we really enjoyed our food. The menu has lots to offer from traditional Spanish tapas to paella.  Next time I am going to try one of their paella's they take about 35 minutes to make since they are made to order they all sounded fantastic.  There is a great selection of spanish meats and cheeses as well as several grilled octopus dishes.  This place is truly unique I can't wait to go back.
4	Lovely spot for tapas/sangria, white sangria was very good.Favorite's:-Spanish tortilla- Serrano Ham and Machengo- Chicken Shells with sauce - White SangriaNon Favorite's:Lack of parking/valetNot really sexy environment, very small space, there were lots of families with kids when we were there
4	We visited last Saturday night and had a great time.  The service was excellent, but I would suggest getting a reservation if you are planning on eating after 7:00PM... the dining room is not that large.  The later it got, the busier it got.  There is seating outside and a nice sized bar.  The food was really good.  The sliced pork loin, goat cheese and chocolate churros topped the list for us.  Sangria runs $25 a pitcher, which is nice.  If you are in Uptown Charlotte, give this place a try.
1	Very disappointed with my experience. Several of us from the suburbs made dinner reservations for 9pm. We were not seated until 10pm. The manager was very rude. Service was horrible!!
4	We decided that being a Tapas joint, Malabar would be a big hit during Restaurant Week. I'm a fan of sampling a bunch of different bites, and with the menu offering two Tapas, an entree and dessert this was a no-brainer to try. While nothing really blew us away it was still a very good meal.We ate outside at Malabar, which was a good choice. My brief glimpse at the interior made me think of a cramped, dark, loud restaurant. On the other hand, the outdoor area had about ten tables there ran along a single line, so there were no strangers to do battle with for elbow space or to be inadvertently eavesdropping on each others conversations. Our server was very friendly, though a bit needy. She popped by a bit too often, which isn't a bad thing at all...I'd rather the server come by too many times then not enough. The wine menu was interesting and offered some wines I was not familiar with, and the prices were reasonable. After delivering the wine some fresh bread and olive oil was brought over. I was surprised at how good the olive oil was...this is definitely the real deal they serve to dip your bread in, and not some cheap stuff they buy at Sam's Club or something in bulk. For my Tapas I went with the Croquetas and the Pulpo. The Croquetas consisted of two mashed potato, ham and manchego cheese logs all deep fried to perfection. It was very tasty, and I loved how the potato and cheese melded together. However it got heavier with each bite, and I eventually got sick of it before finishing. It wasn't bad tasting at all, but just very heavy and rich, and too much was not good. The Pulpo was a generous portion of grilled octopus, potatoes and olives on a plate with some paprika or some other red seasoning/sauce. While I love calamari I was not a fan of the octopus. I don't think it was anything Malabar did wrong, but I just don't think I personally like the taste of octopus. It was very tender (which I wasn't expecting) but had a strange taste I did not care for. The missus ordered the Garbanzo and Tigres. The Garbanzo is just what it sounds like...a heaping pile of chick peas. They were cooked pretty well and had some spinach mixed in with them, and they made for a nice, light appetizer. The Tigres are mussels that were cooked in a slightly spicy tomato sauce. The missus is a mussel fiend and she enjoyed both the shellfish themselves as well as the sauce. The Tigres came with one lone hunk of toasted bread to dip in the sauce, and once that was consumed the two of us finished off the table service bread with that delicious sauce.For an entree (they call platos) I got the Churrasco. This is a grilled flank steak (at least that's my educated guess on the cut of meat) that is marinated in a chimichurri sauce. The steak was cooked to order (medium rare) but was still a touch tough. The sauce was done very well, though there was waaaaaay too much garlic in it. My plate was covered with probably over a hundred small chips of garlic, and that's just too much. It was served with some yucca fries and cilantro sauce that was good. The yucca was cooked good and had a simple taste, but the cook definitely had a heavy hand with the cilantro when it came to the sauce.The missus went with Gambas al Ajo, which was a bowl of about eight jumbo shrimp. The shrimp were cooked in a tasty garlic sauce and had a nice, fresh bite to them. For a side she was given an order of patatas bravas which we both loved. These little potato wedges were cooked with a slight spice and served with a garlicy creamy sauce that was pretty tasty.For dessert we both split an order of the Tres Leches cake and Empanadas Dulces. The Tres Leches cake was a super moist cake topped with whipped cream and caramel drizzle. This thing was SOAKED, and was almost like a sponge with all the sweet, sweet sugary milk it absorbed inside. I really enjoyed this dessert and recommend it, so long as you have a sweet tooth. The Empanadas Dulces were kind of like homemade Pop Tarts. The two pastries came out piping hot on the outside, and molten on the inside. The exterior pastry was flaky and had a decent taste to it, though I found it to be slightly bland. The interior was some kind of strawberry jam that was like lava. It was scorching hot and thick, and oozed out as you took each bite and erupted all over the table. I wasn't too crazy about it, and definitely preferred the Tres Leches.Malabar has some pretty good eats in a nice location. I'm a sucka for Tapas so I'm sure we will be coming back to try more of these little bites.
5	Went here with two friends during a recent conference in Charlotte. I really like the small plate concept and Malabar offers many choices on the dinner menu. In addition to the small plates, Malabar offers entrees and a selection of paella.We sat outside and each ordered three plates from the menu.The tapas menu offers categories of meat, vegetables, cheese.and seafood.Standouts were the Vaca Frita, (crispy beef with pickled onions) Croquetas, (ham, potato and manchego cheese) and the Lenteja, (lentils, ham and sofrito) from the Carne menu. Tigres (mussles in spicy red sauce), Pulpo (grilled octopus with potatoes and green and olives and the Calamar a la Plancha (Grilled Calamari) on the Seafood menu. From the Vegetable menu we had the Patatas Brava (spicy potatoes), Tortilla Espanola (potato, onion omelette) and Championes (sauteed wild mushrooms).With 9 dishes ordered, the waitress asked how we wanted them served. I said to leave it up to the kitchen and just bring them out three at a time. Great pairings of dishes on each "course".
3	Good, but not great, tapas place in the Hearst Tower. I wanted to like this more, but we just weren't crazy about our selections. Nice setting, though, and convenient to just about everything in the heart of Uptown.
5	I eat here a few times a month, both for lunch and for dinner. I love the small plates, you can share or not, either way your getting great food. The tapas here is by far my favorite thing, I love all the options and I don't like to eat a ton before going out so this is my spot to hit when I'm showing people around or meeting up with friends. I love how small it is inside, it goes with the small plates and gives a more personalized feel, and if it is nice ouside please sit on their patio, the music from the Hearst area is always different and talk about a date night spot, this is it. The staff is great and always smiling, I've never to this day have had a bad meal, or experience, so please keep up the good work! :)
5	Fun place to bring a group, tapas style dining ending with the paella - amazing food, great service! Can't wait to be back. Be sure to make reservations, this place is fairly small.
3	Walking into the restaurant, the ambiance was very nice. We sat down and the waitress immediately came up to greet us. We ordered sangria. It was just okay. Nothing to write home about. We ordered croquetas as a tapas. These were delicious! We ordered the paella as a main dish to share. We asked for no octopus in the dish when ordering. Paella takes 35-45Minutes to prepare. When receiving the dish we noticed that octopus was in the dish. We told the server and the only thing she could say was sorry and that the kitchen messed up. This is not the way to deal with a customer on a dish that takes so long to prepare. At the end of the meal we were given a free dessert because of the problem in the kitchen, but I don't feel like they completely addressed the issue. A manager never walked over to apologize. We were simply given a dessert (not of our choice) to drop the situation. I also gave malabar a 3 star because the paella was not cooked very well. Paella should be crispy on the bottom, but ours was soggy. We won't be back to this restaurant again because the food wasn't worth the price we paid.
1	Friday night I went home and got extremely sick. I can only think it was some kind of bad food eaten at Malabar. We will not be back.
4	Best paella in Charlotte.  The sangria is great.  I have been here a couple times and have never been disappointed.  Sit at the bar if you want good conversation with the diverse crowd and cool bartenders.
5	This was an amazing experience! The owner/manager was awesome! Each item that we tried was delicious. My favorites were the crispy beef with pickled onions and the stuffed peppers. You must try the sangria...absolutely delicious. We ordered two pitchers!. Oh wait,do not leave without ordering tres leches you will not be disappointed. A great dining experience!
2	Nothing was overly impressive. Ate at this spot before it was malabar and the interior/set up was very similar (granted its SMALL so not much you can really do). There are a lot of tables packed into the space so you cant help but listen to everybodies conversations. The food was ok, nothing was memorable enough for me to want to go back. The croquettes were good, meatballs too smokey, vaca frita overcooked and dry (thou pickled onions were excellent), we had a chicken/articoke dish in bechemel sauce that was not heated all the way thru.. for dessert tres leches which in my opinion was angel food cake based which overwhelmed the rest of the flavors. I think I had set my expections to high for this place and it came up short.
4	Went here for New Year's Eve. This was our second visit and was just as good as the first. Started with a nice bottle of Spanish wine and then the crispy croquettes and a mushroom tapas recommended by the waitress. Both were delish!I ordered the nightly special with red snapper and clams and mussels. Great dish. Fresh fish and a light sauce. Wife had the monk fish dish with tomatoes and chick beans. She loves this dish and has had it before. Both were super tasty. For dessert we went with tres leches and that was wonderful. Great place with reasonable prices in uptown. Check it out.
5	Great food! Great service! Try the sangria and ask how they make it! Great recipe !! We had the Vaca Frieta for app and aaaahhhazzzing !!!!
3	We went for restaurant week last night and everything was fine.  I guess the problem was that nothing really stood out as a reason to go back.  The food was ok, service was friendly, and the atmosphere is nice (but really small).  Be careful ordering drinks off of their specialty drinks menu.  I ordered a martini that was supposed to have citron vodka.  I assumed this meant absolute vodka.  However, the bartender poured Popov instead.  And, it wasn't even citron.  Just plain old crappy Popov.  And the drink was $9.  So, I refused it and she very willingly swapped it out for a different drink.Again, it is a nice place to go to one time.  That's all.
5	Very very good.  As i remember living in Spain just a bit more refined.  Warm feeling. Good service.  Great food.  Love it. Best. Stephen.
3	I went to Malabar during Queen's Feast. I've been wanting to visit this restaurant for a while now. I wasn't completely disappointed but, I'm not in a rush to get back. I wanted to start my meal with a cocktail. I was expecting to see a different variety of Rums, some Cachaca, something Spanish inspired. If memory serves me correct, a few of the drinks had Malibu Coconut rum and of course the Pisco Sour. I started my meal with the Gambas (shrimp). To put a long story short...they tasted rotten. Strangely, rotten. For my main course I had the Red Snapper (a La Plancha) with Wilted Spinnach. It was really amazing. Probably some of the best tasting Spinach I've had and the Snapper was cooked to perfection. Something I would try to recreate at home. For dessert I had the Tres Leches cake. It had a mild coconut flavor and it was good, nothing really outstanding. I really like the atmosphere at Malabar and the food is okay. Would I go back? Probably some time in the Spring to have cocktails al fresco and watch the people on the street.
5	Love coming here from the atmosphere to the service and above all else the food. Spent Valentine's here and nothing cheesy. Great paella and wine list. Just wish they carried potato vodka to complement the excellent selection of gluten free options.
5	My wife and I love this restaurant. It is as close to Spain as you can get in our opinions. Our favorite dish is the paella and the tapas are to die for.
4	We stopped in here for lunch and it was a real find. The atmosphere is Spanish Chic with music to match.  There wasn't a big crowd when we went in, so we were seated very quickly. The lunch menu has tapas, salads and sandwiches. I had the salad with roasted shrimp and it came with lentil soup. Both were extremely tasty. My friend has an omelet sandwich - sounds weird, but she said it was delish!I also had a cappuccino and it was awesome. Foamy and strong. They have some outdoor seating for nice weather and for being rather chic cafe style, it's actually pretty laid back.I will return!
4	Came here on Saturday evening with my husband and a friend. We had reservations for 8pm. This place is soooo tiny but a great atmosphere in side! Our table wasn't ready yet, but they gave us complimentary glasses of sangria while we waited. Once we sat down, we ordered the pitcher of sangria, which was about two glasses of sangria for each of us. We decided to stick with all tapas for the night and ordered 6 different tapas (We ordered them two at a time so they came out in intervals). Probably could have done with only 5 because we were all crazy full at the end of it all. Note: you receive olive oil and dipping bread complimentary.-Croquettas- I read online that these were delish....didnt let us down! The order came with 3, so we each got one.....Though, arguably I could have eaten 20!!! Warm, ham-cheese-potato mix inside! These may have been the highlight of the night.-Pan de Tomate- The serving for this was 4 pieces of bread with a tomato spread on top. We probably could have skipped this....it was good but nothing amazing.-Stuffed Peppers- These were stuffed red peppers. Not sure what the filling inside was but I know it was in the vegetarian section of the menu. Very good and I recommend. There were 3 peppers.-Chorizo with onions- This was my friend and husband's favorite dish. Super caramalized onions with perfectly cooked slices of chorizo. Very good. There was plenty for the three of us.-Eggplant Bruschetta-  Very good.....super garlicy! There were either 3 or 4 of these....keep in mind I was 3 glasses of sangria in (plus the cosmo from earlier!!!)!-Clams in red sauce- Perfect end. The claims were cooked perfectly. We actually kept taking the bread from the table and dipping it in the sauce because it was that good. This portion size was very large for tapas. Will absolutely return. Great food and good atmosphere. Just make a reservation because it isn't a large venue
5	Five tables open, on a Tuesday, 12:30pm. Nice Spanish guitar music. Work crowd but not packed.  Tried a few different dishes, Waiter suggested a fantastic wine. Food was wonderful as was the atmosphere. Great date place in my opinion though I went for lunch. Loved it!
4	As someone who lived several years in Spain, this restaurant reminded me so much of the culture and food of the Iberian country. Love it!
3	We really loved Malabar when it first opened but the last time we went it wasn't the same.  The service wasnt great and the food was not as good.  I don't know if they are under new management or hopefully it was just an off night.  We will give it another try I'm sure,  but it was a Friday night and there plenty of tables available so I'm guessing this is a trend.
4	Very good tapas with a friendly, very fast staff.  Really good on a saturday night when the city was flooded with St Paddy's Day people.   Everythinhg we sampled was well prepped.  I have to go back to try the paella..
3	I really wanted to like Malabar more. I've had my eye on the place since it opened (I used to love Coco Osteria), but I never managed to make it there til Saturday night. The fella and I decided to go for dinner and made reservations for 6:30. As others have noted, it's a pretty small place, so reservations are highly recommended.I usually don't like such cramped quarters because I feel like everyone around me is listening to my conversation, but at Malabar, the music and people are so lively that I didn't mind at all. Our service was impeccable.So, why only 3 stars? The food. Sigh. We made it a night of tapas and tried the croquetas (ham, potato), albondigas (beet meatballs in tomato sauce), vaca frita (crispy beef with pickled onion on top), and romesco (eggplant bruschetta). While it was all fine, it was all just fine. Nothing stood out, nothing had much spice... it was all just, well, fine. I had hoped that out of four tapas, surely one of them would be delicious! But no. I also got the sangria after reading other reviews of how good it was; it was good, but can you really mess up sangria OR make it super great? It was fine, too.We did try the tres leches cake for dessert (after asking out waitress to pick between that and the churros), and it was good - small but the perfect size for not gorging, moist, and creamy.Thankfully, the atmosphere and service made up for the food, but I don't think we'll make it a point to stop by Malabar again.
1	We were so excited to taste tapas. We followed previous reviews and we trust them. Very bad idea. We regret for dijing there tonight. We had the grilled octopus, the stuffed pepers, that both were very good. The patatas bravas were the worst potatoes ever. They were the hardest potatoes to chew. We ate 1/6 of the papatas bravas. We had also one paella. When they brought the paella, we could smell a strong smell of something burned. When we served ourselves we could see also that it was burned. We informed the waiter about it; he said this is normal for a paella and we should try avoid scooping hard the pot. He never offered us the chance to replace it or order something else. We could not eat either the paella, since it was more black-burned rice inside. The waiter saw that we did not eat most of the food. We explained him that it is dangerous to eat burned food-coal. He never apologised, brought us the full check without any discount. He just brought us desserts for free, although we answered to him that we did not want any dessert. Lack of customer management and care is very bad for a restaurant. We would never recommend this place to anyone.
3	The paella is just fine but the steak is good.
4	We went out for dinner and had a seafood paella. It was delicious. Portion was definitely good for 2 people. Lots of seafood.Great atmosphere, good and quick service.
5	We have eaten here twice, both times with other couples.  Food is perfectly seasoned prepared perfectly.  Service is very good, we were asked if we had show tickets and needed to eat quickly. The beef empanadas are delicious, as are the cruquettas.  Seafood paella was outstanding and a generous portion for the 4 of us.  Flavoring right on, rice perfectly cooked and sauced.  Seafood also cooked perfectly.  Reservations are a must as the place is small. and  It can be a bit noisy.  The white sangria did not have much taste, but the red was excellent.  Prices are reasonable for the quality.  We would have liked to see 4 tapas on a plate rather than 3, as both times there were 4 people at our table.
4	Malabar ended up being one of the better meals I had on my trip to Charlotte.+  Service.  Everyone was so friendly and helpful (menu suggestions, making sure the drinks were filled, plates were taken away, etc.)+  The Salad.  I had the chicken salad and it was spot on.  Fresh greens, perfectly cooked chicken and some tangy goat cheese.  +  The outdoor space was small, but it was shaded and comfortable even with it being in the mid 80's.
3	I occassionally go to malabar because i love spanish tapas and there arent many options for that in charlotte. however, i dont think i can quite put it in four star territory both because ive had higher quality tapas in other cities and because of some customer service issues. i think it is best to go to Malabar at lunchtime. You save money this way and although the food is good, its not good enough to pay big money for. Save the big money for tapas places in larger cities (The Iberian Pig in Atlanta and Amada in Philly come to mind). Also, the best item on Malabar's menu is only served at lunch-the torta sandwich. It has albondigas,avocado, manchego cheese, and a spicy paprika sauce on it and the combination of these ingredients is amazing. the papas braves that come on the side are fantastic as well especially with the aforementioned paparika sauce. The various cured meats are usually very good and are on both the lunch and dinner menu. On the dinner menu, there are both tapas and larger entrees but I would urge people to stay away from the entrees because theyre priced a bit unfairly. The name 'entree' is very misleading. Many of their entrees arent much bigger than the small plate options yet cost at least twice as much! Unfortunately, Ive had some bad experiences with customer service at Malabar. When i went a few days ago, my server was very rude and couldnt answer even basic questions about the menu. Two of the cheeses on their cheese plate werent familiar to me so I asked him about what sort of cheeses they were. He looked at me as if I was a complete idiot and said 'uh cheese. what do you mean what kind of cheeses?". Im sorry but thats just inexcusable. If you work at a Spanish tapas place, you should be able to give a brief description of the cheeses since thats a pretty important part of the tapas experience! Even though he couldnt tell me much about the cheeses, I took the risk and ordered the cheese plate anyway. Two of the cheeses were good, one tasted like plastic. The service also tends to be slow.The bottom line: This place works to satisfy my fix when Im craving tapas but if Charlotte had more tapas options, it likely wouldnt be at the top of my list
2	We just stopped here while strolling in uptown charlotte one evening.. The atmosphere was quiet and serene. The food lacked flavor. All the 3 dishes we too bland. For the price and choices around malabar, this is probably worthy of 1 star.
2	Malabar was very dissapointing we walked in and were welcomed by a nice toun lady but then after that everything went down hill , our server took out drink orders and sent the very nice buss girls to take it .he then came back took our order and never came back to ask us how it was ,instead the buss girl was refillin waters getting us extra sauce and lemons .we ordered patatas bravas ,calamari, and Gambas they were OK nothing to go back for and it's was 18 for 6 shrimps which I thought was ridiculous . We left very dissapointed with the server but I do have to say the buss girls were awesome!
5	I had a great experience at Malabar this past Saturday evening. I have been dying to try it forever and finally got the opportunity. I was very impressed!The ambiance was romantic, yet lively. We were situated at a table next to the bar, without feeling in the way of traffic. The meatballs, paella royal, fiery potatoes and ALL of the desserts were to die for. Cooked perfectly and always left me craving more. The server picked out a Spanish wine for me based on what I typically drink and it was the perfect selection. The red sangria was also delicious! I definitely look forward to going back for more tapas and wine!
3	The food was really good and came out within a decent amount of time. The Patatas Bravas was good but lacking, it was like regularly prepared potatoes but with a sauce on the side. I'm no expert but i had this very dish in DC and it was over the top amazing. Chicken Canelones was good but not very much chicken. The mussels are awesome and worth trying. Just get some sangria and any of it will go down fine. My biggest issue was that the waiter added a few bucks to his tip after the fact and i had to call and get that taken care of, not my favorite thing to do.
4	A delicious lunch with friends outdoors in the courtyard on a beautiful day. The Churrasco was awesome.
4	Excellent choice for lunch. Had the Milanese Chicken sandwhich on Ciabatta bread, with an avocodo and chipotle mayo sauce. Delicious. Loved their spicy potatoes and this delectible creamy/spicy aioli dip. With water all under $10! Pretty good deal for an excellent Uptown lunch!
4	Reserved a table for 4 prior to a night out (movie night) and at first was worried about timing.  The dishes are all tapas for the most part and are obviously made to order and can take some time.To my surprise they came out quick and the service was great.  We sat outside as it offers a bit better people watching being as it's in the alley/courtyard area of Hearst Tower.  The food was divine and I'll certainly be back.Parking is tough so either street park or find a parking deck.  I don't believe they have valet here.
5	The food is pretty amazing here. I stumbled into this place by accident but am very glad of my finding and was super pleased with my order. I had an octopus dish and the lamb chop dish. They was very delightful, especially the octopus dish. The soft texture and was very flavorful. Portions were rather small like most Spanish dishes, but it worked well for me as I was not looking to stuff myself.
5	I came for the flan and stayed for the churrasco!  If you're a fan of flan, this is good as it gets. Freshly made, creamy, caramel syrup and even a cinnamon stick on top! $4!!!The grilled skirt steak (churrasco) was very tender and tasty!  It comes with 2 sides.  $12!Very pleasant atmosphere, and very attentive staff.
5	I heartily recommend this restaurant. Our party of 6 had a variety of tapas and paella. Every dish was flavorful, well prepared and well presented. Our favorites were the Crispy Beef, Churasco, Olives, Paella and Stuffed Peppers. The plate of 3 different ham selections was also tasty!  This was our first time and we will definitely go back.
5	These are all Tapas and the portions are a lot more than the Tapas I'm used in Barcelona; however, the food is just as good.  We had a little of everything and I tell you I can't wait to go back and try more.  The service was excellent and our waiter was constantly checking to make sure we're OK.  I would highly recommend trying this place.
5	Spanish Tapas and Treats!There was a 30 minute wait when we arrived with no reservation, but we sat at the little bar and had coconut mojitos and chatted - no worries... then we were seated on time at a nice table. What i love about this location is that you are in Uptown and you can see Uptown - you can people watch and enjoy the city atmosphere from inside.I have reviewed this place for lunch and gave it 4 stars - now i am reviewing it for dinner and its up to 5. I really love this little spot (and yes, it is little). It's so cozy though. The entire staff is very Spanish and they play Spanish music and have amazing Spanish Tapas...  I love the patatas bravas, Croquetas, Churrasco, the meat platter oh and my favorite from lunch is the same at dinner Gambas al Ajo. (Garlicy Shrimp )Really good cappuccinos for after dinner, a great coconut mojito for pre-dinner and really yummy flan and empanadas... YUM YUM YUM...How do you say YUM in Spanish???
3	Tried Malabar last night because of recommended Paella. Clean and very attractive restaurant. We snuggled into a corner with a booth, but don't know if I would have enjoyed it as much if we would have had to sit at a table. Although it's beautiful in there it is small with high ceilings and didn't feel cozy and inviting out there on the floor. The paella was good, but I would have preferred more of the crusty bottom that it should have had. We got the seafood,meat &veggie trifecta. Could have done without the meat. It was great but I liked the seafood so much I would be happy to have more of that and skip the meat. Calamari was excellent!The reason I didn't give it 4 stars was that the olive oil served with the bread was rancid. We pointed that out to the proprietor and his response was to educate us that this is the taste and smell of Spanish olive oil. Both my dinner partner and I have traveled to Spain and Portugal and that hadn't been our experience and we also know enough to know what funky oil smells like. Disappointed in his response. I had a great time, but that was probably due to the company more than the restaurant.
3	Wife and I popped in here for dinner with another couple on a recent trip to Charlotte.  We're big fans of tapas so we couldn't resist checking out this spot just a few blocks from our Uptown hotel.  Had a reservation, so we were seated promptly upon arrival.The space is small but cozy and well appointed.  It can be a tight squeeze with the servers moving around, but we weren't bothered by it, as we were situated in a corner.We ordered up everything at once for our table, sharing a cheese plate, cured meat board, Canelones, Empanadas, Patatas Bravas, and then finishing off with a meat paella.  On the whole, we found the food to be good, but not great.  Didn't care for the presentation of the patatas bravas, with the sauces served on the side rather than being integrated into the dish.  The rest of the dishes were fine, but without the depth of flavor I've come to expect at other Spanish tapas spots I've visited.Service was marginal at best.  Our server provided pretty curt responses to our inquiries about the menu; it almost seemed like we were somewhat of an inconvenience by coming out for dinner that evening.  I was particularly disappointed in the staff's inability to explain more about the dishes we ordered, especially when it came to the meat and cheese plates.  The staff was unable to give us any insights on the cheeses or meats, such as where they came from and the flavor characteristics of the cheese.  We ordered some churros for dessert, which took nearly 25 minutes to arrive at the table, leading me to believe that our order was forgotten somewhere along the way.The tapas game in Charlotte is not strong, so Malabar may satisfy your cravings if you're jonesing for a few traditional Spanish dishes.  However, should another Spanish tapas spot open up, I feel like the competition would be pretty stiff without having to try too hard.
4	Visited Malabar today to try their tapas selection and was pleased overall with everything. We had a reservation and arrived early so it wasn't too crowded at the beginning, but the small seating area filled up as the evening went on!The food overall was solid with some dishes that were excellent and some that were just okay. My date and I tried six items total.-Clams: the clams themselves were okay and the broth was very flavorful; the chorizo in the broth was the real star here though surprisingly and was outstanding!-Stuffed peppers: the peppers were delicious and filled with a delicious cheese and rice mixture; highly recommended especially for vegetarians. -Lamb chops: very strong lemon flavor, not bad overall but 3 chops not worth the $17 price-Beef Empanadas: crispy coating and pretty flavorful beef filling. They were a solid option but only getting 2 to an order I would recommend trying other choices instead-Croquetas: AMAZING! The ham, cheese and potato filling is ridiculously good and these were definitely the favorite item.-Tres leches cake: we didn't order this but one of the servers brought it out to us FOR FREE just for coming in and ordering food. Overall the food was good and the service was outstanding! Our waters were constantly refilled and the food came out pretty quickly. The free cake we received was just a bonus of the impeccable service here. The prices are a little high for the portions (as with all tapas places in my opinion) but I'd highly recommend Malabar if you're looking to try a tapas experience in Charlotte.
3	Came here pretty late near closing time with a fairly large group and they were accommodating. I can't remember everything we ordered because we got so many dishes and just shared. They were all flavorful, fresh, and well made. They offer a fair amount of vegetarian dishes too and one of my faves was this potato dish in a tomato marinate. Soooo good I can still taste it. For dessert I ordered the flan, and I really looooove flan. This one was good but I've had better flan. Overall good food, good service but nothing too special in my opinion.
1	Awful service! Over 10 mins wait to place drink and food order and the place was not busy at all. Not worth it
