5	Party finger foods and late nite eats. You don't expect all the tender vittles that Henry will brings in on plate heavenly sent from the Kitchen. Rory, a local, once exclaimed in a thick Irish accent, "Henry! More fish stix, you inglorious Basterd!" De Bullion will never be the same when they close the doors on this place...
5	Best dumplings in the plateau, and I like how chef Henry never ignores the vital element of sauces. From fish sticks to dumplings, Henry's Kitchen has the edge on late-night snack food fusion. Keep it coming!
5	I'm desperate for free food like any late night drinker. Sometimes the distance to the nearest kebab shop or veggie burger joint puts you at risk of not making it there in one piece and certainly empties your wallet. Then comes Henry's Kitchen. You're boozing it up, can't even remember the alphabet, start to get peckish and Bam! A plate of food comes out of nowhere and lands in front of you like ufo, except it is identifiable, however I don't even remember seeing a menu. Locally sourced fish, potatos and the house specialty--Hank's Hottie Pot-stickers placed in artful arrangements in line with the Quatre-Cinq-Zero decor Henry has somehow imported through the road-blocks put up on highway 10 to discourage precisely this sort of seating. My leather pants and my gf's leopard print scarf somehow de riguer encore. As far as atmosphere goes, this place changes in composition every five minutes you might as well be on a merry-go-round so forget trying to explain the continual procession of indy musicians in the corner ramping up another barry manilow-trent reznor cover.  I start to hand over a fifty to the server but he shies away from it like I just pulled out a weapon. Nobody can explain what's going on and for a minute I think I've just crashed a party. I heard it's reopening in the same postcode... that the new address is being kept secret and just like those trendy New York Restos we're seeing more of--won't have a sign on the door. Please keep in touch with this page with information so we can find out where this great underground gem re-emerges.
