1	Are you familiar with the plague?  No, not hanging out with it?  Then you'll want to similarly avoid this place.  Incredibly rude, and flat-out incompetent nail technicians make for a manicure you'll not forget.  I wanted a french manicure on my natural nails.  The tech asked nothing about how I wanted my nails cut, started whacking away, leaving only the barest bit of nail sticking out from the tip, cut them crookedly, and then filed away half of what was remaining.  He did make to sure to tell me (repeatedly) that they don't fix french nail paint chips for free.  Whatever- just stop making a disaster of my hands so that I can run home and fix it myself.
1	After two tries, I will not be back. Tech painted my nails with a different color than chosen. When I shared that I thought the color was not right, she argued, got the bottle, made a big production out of the question and it was embarrassing! Easter pink is not the same color as a merlot, wine tone. And, telling me it was because the polish is old didn't reassure me. She wanted to paint a third and fourth coat over the top two. I questioned whether it would dry and insisted she take off the wrong and put on the chosen color. Sad that I have to insist. As I look at the nails now, the polish is all over cuticles, nails are different lengths - two thumbs are the most obvious - and I got the business about not describing the shape I wanted correctly.  Never again. Never again. Never again.
1	Worst customer service EVER! None of them would even crack a smile and I was super nice to them. I asked the guy to razor my feet and he told me the stuff he used would be sufficient. Then when my nails were drying I notice my feet are still rough and dry so I show him. He gets all mad and when someone else stepped in to take care of it he was shooting nasty looks at me from his nail station. Not to mention it was the worst massage ever. Do NOT go to this place! It's awful. I will NEVER go here again. Go to La Vie nails just outside the mall. They are so nice there! Also, while I was there I heard another customer get upset and say she would never be back. Looks like they make a lot of customers unhappy.
4	I think other reviewers are being a little too picky for a mall nail salon! They were fast and attentive! I would totally go back again. If you are just looking to get a mani/pedi or basic waxing this is your place
