5	No complaints... close to home and inexpensive...friendly service...nothing too fancy...laid back crowd.I'm here once a week or more.I like it here!:)
5	Papavelli! Who would have thought an amazing dining experience was in the back of the Rum Runner on Desert Inn.  Well, I would not have ever conceived the thought to be honest.  The Owner/Chef Anastsaioss Papavelli and Owner/Chef Darren quietly prepare the meals for the bar patrons.  Both times I have gone, I have asked for the Gyro Salad. It is damn amazing. The meat is well seasoned and the dressing are home made. HOME MADE...fresh to order. I am aware of at least four home made dressings: Ranch, Tzatziki, Mediterranean, and Italian. The menu is extensive but not overbearing. I have seen some impressive meals leave this little kitchen including a Philly Cheesesteak which would rival anything from Philadelphia. Chicken Wings prepared and marinated in a sauce that anyone from Buffalo NY would be proud of. The menu is definitely east coast centric and offers a yummy option to the standard burgers and chicken fingers offered at most bars in Las Vegas. I recommend this place absolutely. The bartenders are friendly. The drinks are inexpensive. There are dart and pool tables available as well. It is a bar in Las Vegas so the malodorous aroma of a freshly lit cigarette is always present.   Regardless of that...the food is damn good. I strongly recommend trying it at least once. Say hello to Anastassio and Darren!
5	If your looking for great food friendly service Papavelli's is the place to be the prices can't be beat  where you get more bang for your bucks with homemade you can't go wrong people who love what they do always make better food try it you be glad you did!
2	I went here for my friends bcz they were shooting pool so figured lets give it a shot... The bartender wasn't exactly friendly but not rude like I've know some bartenders to be. The food really did NOT impress me... We left more then half of it there and went toddel taco instead... But jukebox had good music n they have 2 pool tables so overall it wasn't the worst but far from the best
