4	Great tapas place in Old Montreal. We sat at the bar and the chefs were very nice and chatted with us. I recommend:-Proscuitto - this is the real stuff, not the packaged stuff you find in the grocery store. I watched the chef slice ours with the machine till it was silky thin - just like what you find in italy-Eggplant Parm - this isn't your typical fried parm! They grill the eggplant instead which makes it healthier, but still great flavor-Lobster Cannoli - thin pasta stuffed with lobster and fennelAlso a great place for a date - the vibe of the place is very chic, nice ambience.
4	This place is soo  adorable, tapas to  go with how adorable this place is. Open kitchen so  you can sit and talk to the chef at the bar and watch your food being made. Great for groups, dates and meeting well dressed singles looking to mingle.The bar setup makes for a great conversation starter where the chef plays cupid. Their wine selection is different - a good different - a chance to try something different, different, had to actually think different, not same old same old- apparently it's all private collection. Even though it's a ''wine bar''-  the place does not centre around the bar, it's a very small  bar space, with the kitchen bar being bigger. I'd like to say the design centres around great conversation, just the way it's all  setup-  not just drinking or eating. Though the menu is pretty simple it's nice to have Italian tapaps for a place that still has a nice family feel.  Having grown up Italian,  family  and food usually means 10  courses of filling food centered around the 4 Italian food groups;  cheese,  meat, tomatoe and pasta- Dolcetto is a happy middle ground with a familiar feel, mixing up the menu without the gorging.  I  love this place for looks though,  electric nautical theme with cute little conversation starting eye catchers everywhere. Reminded me  of being in a seaside villa by the sea, reminded me of Venice( the non-touristy part). I think a big part of why I love it was it's nautical ; but European nautical,  not east coast rainboots lobster trap jigging nautical AND the bathroom is sooooo  cute. The place looks so great, combining that with the crowd I would say you have to look  great to go there. It's  a classy kitschy place and I would LOOVE  to come here to  brunch *wink wink nudge nudge (not all you can eat brunch,  mimosas and champagne brunch)Grade A date spot.
5	Dolcetto is a wine bar that specializes in Italian tapas, located in the Old Port. The restaurant is on the small side, but has a great energetic vibe with a casual, warm decor and fab tunes in the background. What can I say? Both the food and service is amazing! The wait staff are very friendly and attentive, and our waitress made some great wine recommendations.  In terms of the food.... DEE-LICIOUS!  My date and I had:- Marinated vegetables (Red bell pepper, mushrooms and something else I can't remember. Very flavourful without being 'vinegary').- Polenta, taleggio and figs (Very good - you could really taste the figs, but the sweetness wasn't overpowering. The polenta had a lovely texture).- Lobster & fennel cannellonis (My favorite dish! I could eat this alone and feel quite content, lol.  The lobster filling is generous, and I think there are apples as well - I'm not 100% sure, but there is a slight crunchy sweetness that really meshed well with the lobster. To die for!).- Lasagna (Pork confit, pistachios and apple - simply amazing. This is one of their new dishes and it's not on their online menu so I can't provide the exact ingredients). - Pizzette (Bianca with fontina, potatoes and rosemary - not at all heavy as the potatoes are thinly sliced. The pizza dough reminds me of naan - delicious!).- Lamb meatballs (I'm generally not a fan of lamb or meat, but these meatballs were fabulous! Served in a light and tasty tomato sauce). For dessert, we ordered the Tiramisu Bianco and the Lime Panacotta. My favorite was the tiramisu - the panacotta was nice, but I found it to be lacking in flavour.UPDATED: You must try to homemade porchetta! It's absolutely delicious and literally melts in your mouth. That's quite a compliment coming from me - I generally don't eat meat, like... EVER! =-)All of the dishes are prepared with fresh ingredients and served in small portions that are meant to be shared. I really love this concept because it allows you to try different things, without filling up.  I think the only down side was that some of the dishes arrived at the same time, and by the time we got to them, they had cooled down a bit. Besides that, love this place!
4	A local suggested we check this place out and it surely did not disappoint. The place is beautifully and creatively decorated with a nautical theme which sets a lovely ambiance over which to enjoy dinner. Small plates are chosen by checking boxes on the presented paper menu (a little odd given the ambiance but whatevs.) We were incredibly pleased with the caprese and polenta starters. We just about licked our plates. The dish that stood out the most however was the ricotta and eggplant pizza, it was truly sublime. Beware, though: this is not a a typical pizza joint. Pizzas are served small plates style so they are incredibly small. (Thank a large slice of pizza sliced in four pieces.) My husband and I split two starters and two pizzas, and thought it was just about the right amount of food, although I can see if you are hungry adding in an additional starter. Service was kind of lacking, unfortunately losing this place a star. They never did come back and offer an additional round of drinks or check on the food. All in all a yummy experience and I suggest you check it out!
5	I absolutely loved this place. We dropped by on a Friday evening and they were full but invited us to come back in 30 minutes. When we did we were greeted warmly and promptly seated. The blonde woman who served as both a hostess and a server was so friendly and helpful, suggesting great dishes and even bringing over another staff member to give us advice on local jazz clubs. The food was terrific, as well as the cocktails. The atmosphere is lively and festive. This seems like a place that would be overwhelmed with tourists just based on location, but really seemed like it attracted a fair amount of locals.Highly recommend!
4	Food was good, sat at big communal table and I may be slightly in love with the girl sorta across from me.  Service was attentive. A DJ showed up and frankly he really sucks, might I suggest an I-Pod to replace him... But beyond DJ no talent, this place was great.
4	This is a great little restaurant with delicious food and a friendly atmosphere.  The servers were great and we even got a review from departing guests that the food was so good that they were there three nights in a row :-)The restaurant is small and a little crowded.  It has a number of small tables that can be pushed together or split apart, couple of larger tables for larger groups, and seating at the kitchen bar, where you can watch the chef at work.We ordered octopus salad, lamb meatballs, four cheeses pizza, eggplant pizza, foie gras pizza, and tiramisu.  The octopus salad was tasty ... just enough lime and the octopus was not overcooked.  The pizza were small (about 7" by 3") but delicious.  For me, the foie gras pizza with figs was the best.  The best part of our meal was the very creamy and delicious tiramisu.I highly recommend this restaurant.
1	I must have visited a different restaurant than the one rated by most others. The place had few customers and the food was mediocre at best.  Tried the eggplant and braised beef (advertised as the chefs special) and stopped to cut my losses. Over priced. Friendly service though and nice setting. Definitely would not return.
4	The Spot:Italian restaurants are notorious for oversized portions of carbs and mediocre sauces - the old quantity over quality approach. Not so at Dolcetto and co. This bright and friendly wine bar in the Old Port brings a refreshingly light take on traditional Italian fare with a tapas style tempo. At Dolcetto, the focus is on delicious food and drink with a casual upbeat atmosphere. It is a great destination for an afterwork glass of wine with a co-worker or a casual date, but it can also accommodate larger groups of a dozen or so at the communal family style table.What's Really Good: With all the crazy Japanese/French fusion taco emulsion foodwizardry we've been seeing around, family-style Italian comfort food is not the most exotic cuisine we have come across recently. That certainly does not mean we are past the point of simple pleasures. At Dolcetto they specialize in taking your expectations and then surpassing them with quality ingredients and flawless execution. For example, the lobster cannelloni and the truffle cream gnocchi manage a delicate balancing act between incredibly rich ingredients and a rather light final product.And you can't go wrong with the pizzas. Whether you take the traditional route with the classic margherita or go for something less typical like the salmon tartar pizza, we promise your taste buds will be satisfied. If you're just looking for a succulent snack to go with a nice glass of wine the cheeses and charcuterie are the way to go. The porchetta is prepared in-house and hits delicious savoury notes of rosemary and orange zest, whereas the boschetto al tartufo served with a golden drizzle of truffle infused honey makes for a fantastic dessert cheese.You'll Want to Know: The presentation and portion size of the dishes suggest they are begging to be shared, so don't be afraid to order two or three items per person. The menu is constantly evolving but remains true to tried and tested Italian classics, grouped into four categories:Antipasti - small appetizers, salads and light pasta dishes.Pizzette - mouth watering personal pizzas, and calzones.Salumi - Italian charcuterie, like prosciutto, cacciatore, and bresaolaFromaggi - traditional Italian cheeses like parmigiano reggiano, or burrata.Got a hot date and need to make great impression without breaking the bank? Dolcetto offers a fantastic Aperitivo Italiano for the 5 a 7. Wine, cheese, charcuterie and fresh baked focaccia for under $15. If you're looking to get acquainted with the full menu, ask the servers about the special dishes and cocktails. The daily specials are not to be overlooked as they take advantage of seasonal ingredients and the creative energy of head chef Marcelo Gonzalez and his enthusiastic team.
5	We'd been looking for a great Italian place since we moved here and no luck. Lots of okay, predictable fare but nothing you'd get a craving for later. Dolcetto was recommended to us by a transplant from Italy and he was right on the money. It's got an Italian wine bar feel with small tapas made with a delicate touch. Small plates are in the ten dollar range (it's all small plates) and everything we had was spot-on with the gnocchi being the star that night. Will definitely return. Pro tip: Definitely make reservations.
4	Good food and atmosphere. Very interesting decor. Informative and helpful waitress but very slow service. It took almost an hour to prepare the pizza.
4	great tapas, good wine, ambiance is very warming...recommend; lobster canelloni, gnocchis...i dont like pasta and those were killer tapas
4	Highly recommend the fig and foie gras pizza! Great atmosphere, great location, great food. Portions are quite small; more like tapas. Price is a little bit on the higher side but great for a date night.
4	Great food, good service, very clean, and nice atmosphere.Portions are small, but the menu's very creative. We particularly enjoyed the foie gras pizza and their house wine. I would recommend this place to anyone who likes to try clean and unique food.
5	This place was exactly what we were looking for!  We were with friends and wanted to grab a bottle of wine and a small bit of pizza.  We had already had so much to eat (and drink).  We shared two pizzas and a bottle of chianti.  Along with the bread and olive oil/tapenade it was just the right amount of food.  The margherita pizza was simply perfect.
5	We stumbled into this place due to a recommendation by my boyfriend's cousin. Only looking for a spot to hangout and have a couple drinks after a long day, we weren't expecting much. This place was packed! We opted for a seat at the bar because the wait for a table would take way too long. We had front row seats for all the cooking action. The chefs prepared dishes that were mouth watering and we had to order a couple things even though we had just gotten back from dinner not too long ago lol. Not sure of the names of the dishes we got but it was a shrimp dish and a pizza with spinach and prosciutto. The shrimp was cooked perfectly! Not over, not under. I love my pizza crust thin and crispy and that's exactly how it came out. Everything was seasoned just right. The restaurant was pretty loud but that didn't bother us at all. I will definitely be coming back the next time I'm in Montreal.
4	Shared a wonderful meal with my mom here on our last night in Montreal. We were walking through old montreal and stumbled upon Dolcetto & Co.- which was still crowded and serving dinner around 11 PM (most other kitchens in the area are closed at this time on Saturdays). We sat at the bar in front of the kitchen- which I highly recommend- the two chefs were so fun and friendly and explained what they were cooking and how they were preparing each dish.The plates are about 1/2 portion size each, but they are good sized and perfect for sharing. We split the polenta and arugula salad, eggplant parmesan, lamb shank and the chocolate lava cake for dessert.The ambiance is cute and nautical and our waitress was also very friendly. Windows open up to the street- which is very nice. I definitely recommend Dolcetto & Co. for anyone visiting Old Montreal!
5	We loved this hip, "industrial-nautical" Italian small-plates joint! Portions were the perfect size for us to share some excellent cheese, charcuterie, a delicious pizza, and some lovely gnocchi in cream sauce.The cocktails were also quite good. We worked our way through the drink menu and our standouts were the Vespa (vodka, strawberry, cucumber, lemonade) and I think it was called the Limoncella (spiced rum, lemonade, honey).Finally, we topped it off with a smashing cheesecake for dessert. And if you get the chance, try the "Latte Macchiato" -- it's not a coffee, it's a creamy Italian chilled digestif that was a perfect finish to the meal. We wish we'd found this Old Montreal gem a little earlier on our trip!
5	Guys, are your listening to me? I mean really listening? THIS PLACE RULES. Italian concept with a tapas/small plate feel.I spent a few hours here on a Sunday afternoon/evening and literally was treated like family. Sit at the kitchen bar if there's only a few of you. I LOVED watching these guys cook. The PIzzettas were awesome. Homemade prochetta was delightful and the cow's milk/sheep's milk cheese with truffles....i can't even speak. Incredible. They also made me a cheesecake that was so good that I could have had an entire pieThe staff, the cooks, the guests - so fun - so friendly. I stayed for hours and felt like part of the family. The guys even had me explain the menu to new guests. Everyone was so friendly. Fig foie gras pizza. STOP IT. SO GOOD.I need to come back for the pasta - like mounds of it.We ended up drinking shots with the crew and had a lovely time. I can't wait to go back. I thought about hitting a french place because I was in Montreal, but honestly, Dolcetto & Co blew me away.
4	Italian tapas.  Small trendy place in Vieux Montreal.  Very good small plates for a late night meal.  We did wait a while to be seated because host was also waiting tables.  Once seated food came out quickly.  Very friendly service. A bit high priced.  Overall a nice place.
4	This is a perfect date spot. Guys, follow my lead and get some points with your lady friends. A night at Dolcetto & Co guarantees good food, good drink, a comfy setting, AND you won't break the bank.*Typically, as soon as someone says 'small plates,' my mind's left the conversation. Why in the world would I want to pay for a dinner plate of food and get back something that could be served on a saucer plate? How does that make sense? To whoever thought of this scam, sir, I tip my hat to thee. It wasn't until an experience at Dolcetto & Co that I realized that my disdain may stem from an American perspective. D&C may serve small plates but said plates are packed with flavor, surprisingly portioned and easily sharable for two. Not once did I contemplate stabbing her hand with my fork in order to make sure I got a taste. Did I say that out loud?Because I'm worldly, I opted for a cocktail over wine: bourbon & apple juice. It sounds odd but I'd been turned on to this combo in Miami Beach and, surprisingly, it works. Well. For the two of us, we had five dishes: eggplant with fontina cheese, prosciutto & mushrooms (heavenly), rabbit porketta (surprised I liked it; usually I'm not a fan of rabbit but this was the second time in Montreal I had it and liked it), Italian sausage pizza, the garlic shrimp with tomatoes & pancetta (good but nothing you haven't had before), and the lobster/fennell cannelloni (as decadent as you might imagine). The wood seating is tight for either a two top of a four top. I guess Montreal doesn't have the plus-sized population of the nation to its south. As much as I joke, I'm not a particularly large man and I had some difficulty navigating the space between tables. I imagine that for folks of a bit larger size, this could be an embarrassing issue.*I'm saying I'm cheap or anything but... small plates get expensive fast.
4	Amazing and creative foods + lovely ambiancePlease note the meals are smaller than you expect :D
5	Great place, great service. Food tastes delicious. Reservations are highly recommended though it is worth the wait if you didn't make any.
5	We came in for dinner without reservations on a Saturday night. The place was packed and we grabbed two seats at the bar in the back of the restaurant. We really wanted seats in the front because you can see the street and more of the restaurant happenings (the bar seating causes you to be looking at the back wall of the restaurant) but there was a private party/large group along up almost all the seats The battens a was excellent. She had great recommendations and was a lot of fun. We took our time and ordered a bottle of wine, then several plates to split and try a variety of the offerings on the menu. If is a fun atmosphere and a mix of people and I like being able to see the chefs in the open kitchen.
4	From the nautical decor, you'd expect this to be a seafood restaurant, and from the name, you'd expect it to be a bakery. Regardless, you won't leave disappointed unless you expect to be stuffed. You certainly won't be bored, as ordering a bunch of Italian small plates will make for a very entertaining meal. We started with the dreamy lobster/fennel cannelloni and the polenta with taleggio--both plate-licking delicious. The pizzas are not large, so we ordered 2--margherita/burrata and spinach. The crusts are thin but not charred, and the toppings high-quality. After all this, we still had room for dessert, and the chocolate molten cake was fine but nothing special.Service is casual, friendly, and quite helpful in determining how much to order.
5	Wonderful meal. This place is pricey, but it's worth it. Every single bite I had was perfect.The plates weren't horribly small & they give you bread (which is to die for, by the way). Between the two of us we had the lobster & fennel cannelloni, gnocchi, eggplant/onion/ricotta pizza & tiramisu for dessert & we were definitely full when we left.The tables themselves were pretty small. We came toward the end of the night, so luckily no one sat next to us, but if they had been it would have been pretty tight.I do wish we would have sat at the cooks' station to watch them cook.
5	Roaming around the Old Port and looking for a spot that offers delicious italian cuisine with no pretension, stuffiness or formality? Well look no more - you're in for a "sweet" deal at Dolcetto & Co!After a long but productive day at the office, and under the pressure to find a-close-by-yet-delivers-great-tasting-yet-not-too-filling-dishes-and-offers-a-great-wine-selection, I remembered a great tip from a friend and hurried the whole executive team down to this vibrant yet unassuming restaurant on St-Paul street.Upon entering we were greeted by the friendly and attentive hosts who promptly seated us at the center table (perfect for big parties or bachelorette parties I was told) and helped us put together the beginning of what would be a fantastic italian tapas dining experience!It all started with a basket of mixed bread which included slices of Italian flat bread, buns, and grissinis served along fragrant olive oil & balsamic vinegar pairing. Added were a variety of olives. This was then followed by the Panzanella, a Tuscan salad made with bread and tomatoes topped with Burrata, a fresh italian cheese made out of mozzarella and cream. Then came the homemade porchetta, a savoury, fatty, slightly salty & juicy slow roasted pork loin with crispy edges. Then we had the ultra-creamy gnocchi, little clouds of soft dough dumplings lightly doused in truffle oil. Following was the Lobster & Fennel Cannelloni, a true explosion of flavours and party in your mouth.And then there were the Pizzettes: small handmade pizzas with different toppings! We had the spinach roasted garlic, parmigiano & ricotta.Followed by the rich yet light foie gras, fig & fleur de sel focaccia. Finally we ended with the margarita with burrata. To seal the evening, most of us opted for italian coffee prepared in different ways but my friend and I went the extra mile to sink our teeth into a delicious the molten chocolate cake - which was surprisingly not too sweet!Overall, the service was excellent, the timing of the dishes was impeccable, the chianti wine married all the flavours, and our ability to share everything made us feel just like at home! If you can, stop by and ask for Alessandro and Samir - they will treat you ultra-well, just like family.
5	We were lucky enough to be squeezed in here between reservations for a quick bite and a drink before our evening plans. The staff was excellent. We loved our food and the wine choices paired very well. We would definitely come back here. The eggplant parm and the various pizzas that we tried were so good. Definitely make reservations if you plan on going, so as not to be disappointed. We were in and out in about an hour because we had time constraints but we could have easily spent the evening here eating delicious food and drinking very good wine.
5	I love the ambience. The wine collection is great, and the staff have been lovely on my yet visits. They don't rush you, and let you enjoy the for. The food itself is great, and I recommend chef's specialty: the lamb. It was a tasty piece of meat, and it was cooked to perfection. Their cheese collection could be improved, in my opinion.
