4	This Wetzel's Pretzels is located in the Masquerade Village inside the Rio hotel.  My friends and I go to Vegas like 3 times a year, and its become a tradition that if we stay at RIO, WE HAVE to go get pretzel dogs there.  My friend is a total fast food whore and has actually thought about buying some and freezing it at home.  haha.  Yes we know there are a buncha of locations in socal, but it's the joy of having THE Vegas Wetzel pretzle dog.Cheap, good, and filling =)Their other pretzels are okay, a little on the doughy side.
5	And the tradition continues . . . When in L.A., what better way to top off an adventurous drunken night than a greasy monster burrito from some hole-in-the-wall joint w/ an F rating? Well, when in Vegas our equivalent would be $3.74 steak and eggs at the Gold Coast, but sadly No More. =*( You have no idea how devastated some of my friends were when they discontinued this special. Fortunately for us, It's WETZELS PRETZEL DOG to the rescue! This is the first time we've made it back to the hotel early enough to get a Wetzel dog after drinking, and yes, the alcohol just makes it even better. Nothing like random animal parts protein and starchy salty carbs to soak up 10 years of liver damage (and adding) I will bring my kids to this location to keep the tradition alive. . .
5	This place saves lives.IFyou find yourself in the RIO on a weekend around 6-8 pm and you are thinking of getting something to eat.Skip all the craziness of waiting in line for an hour at every last place in this casino....Grab a pretzel,some bites, a pretzel dog or some fresh squeezed lemonade and catch a cab back to the strip.
3	I thought they were closed because no one was visible .   I walked by it 3x.  And no one.Bit then there was Marylin the friendly wetzle girl.The food was good.   Hey it's a prerzle what do you expect ?   Prob a 4 or 5 but I think she was hiding.
4	Good pretzels while watching the show in the sky. Friendly staff as well.
5	After drinks with Jared at the Village Bar, I can't get away from a stop at Wetzel's for a garlic pretzel with nacho cheese.Plastic cheese & greasy carbs after drinking?  I know, it's an ingenious idea; I just had to share it on Yelp.
2	To me this place is just blahhhh...First off it's $8 for a pretzel and a drink. If you want any kind of sauce it's another $1. Tacky! I had the pepperoni pretzel and it needed a sauce to hide that it had more than likely been sitting there for a good while. It was hard on the outside and I have up 1/3 of the way into it. Oh well...worth a shot. Hope your luck is better than mine
3	Love wetzels pretzels and the staff here is nice but no icing sauce for the cinnamon and sugar pretzels! What's the point?!
5	If everyone here works like Samantha, u will have a great experience:)
3	Hey, they're edible and perfect when you need something that doesn't have a giant hunk of meat.  My god, food in LV is so unhealthy.  Steaks and cheeseburgers and heart attacks to go, please.
