3	A good location with a drive-through, OK coffee and decent donuts that are made right there but they are still working out the kinks in taking orders. Not really a neighborhood specialty coffee shop feel, a bit dark to do work, but seems like a good place to chat with some friends. My cappuccino was a tad foamy and had the proportions of a latte and they also made it to go. (I was also asked if I want a flavor shot for my cap..what?) They have a La Marzocco espresso machine but I couldn't figure out where their beans are from. A tentative three stars for now--I'll come back after they have been open a while to see if they have improved and learned how to work their machines. Maybe they will start throwing down some latte art but probably not. They just opened but probably don't need 8 people working at once...Good place for donuts, OK place for coffee, convenient if you live nearby but better coffee is a short drive away.edit: I went back again and they have streamlined a bit. My espresso was pretty good with thick crema. The beans are from a Phoenix based roastery. The "tuscan" theme is a bit tacky, but the donuts are still good and another plus is they have food and desserts too.edit2: The iced coffee is surprisingly good. Unfortunately their hours are somewhat limited now, especially on the weekend and they are never open when I want to go.
5	Went there today for the first time and was impressed!!!  It's really lovely inside, very spacious - couches, tables, and a side room with big tables where you can sit and do work with books, a laptop, etc.  The decor is also really lovely.I also think their menu is fabulous. While I've only been there once and can't speak to the quality of all the items listed, my friend had a tea she enjoyed, a panini that she said was delicious; and I had the side salad that was excellent for only $4.99.  They are also giving away free donuts with purchase to promote their opening and I thought it was very tasty.Their menu includes salads, sandwiches, paninis, deserts/pastries/donuts and coffee/espresso.  I will definitely go back - great location, lovely inside, and a great offering of foods.
4	I agree with everything Sarah K. said.  It was my first time today, and the Arizona panini was great, and the free donut fresh.I'll be going back to try their salads, and coffee.
5	I love this place.  I was curious about it, so I went the first week it opened, and I have to say, SO cute.  The decor makes it seem as if you're outside in some Italian village.  The coffee is pretty good, too, and the donuts are awesome.  Right now, you get a free one with the purchase of a drink.  I also just went and got a Southwestern chicken salad from there, and they give you a free drink with your order, which was a nice surprise.  The salad was awesome, and my friend, who ordered the chicken salad croissant, said her food was delicious, too.  The people here are also SO nice.  The first time I went, I had a girl come around and ask me how I was doing twice.  Tonight, the owner came around and asked how I was doing and gave me a free refill on my drink for no reason.  The employees are new, but they're really friendly, so I let it slide that they might be a little slow right now.  We've all go to start somewhere, right?  It might be a pit pricier than what I would like, but it's not crazy, and it's worth it to help out this new, friendly coffee shop.Note: Drive-thru is available.  Wi-Fi is coming (if not already available), and there's a study area with a larger table for group sessions.
4	Went to Cherubini to meet up with a friend, this place is pretty large for just a coffee and donuts shop, the indoor water fountain does seem a bit much, but it is a fantastic meeting location for discipleship or business. Great atmosphere, sweet soundtrack, helpful and caring staff.The glazed donut I ordered was pretty good, especially compared to the other limited options in Tempe, it's hard to find good donuts in Tempe now that krispy kreme has moved away. Until they come back, this is definitely my new favorite place for good donuts and coffee. I wasn't all that impressed with their regular brewed coffee (you figure traditional coffee and donuts, should be great right?) I had much better luck with their ice coffee the next time I went, which was pretty sweet without anything extra, and went along great with my chocolate glazed donut. Definitely check it out if you are in the area, if your not a donut fan and your just looking for some caffeine i'd recommend Solo or Cartel for better atmosphere and beans. (also friend reccomended the breakfast sandwhich!) Cheers.
4	I went in for the first time with my daughter. I was very impressed with the Tuscany Style decor, friendly staff, donuts, coffee cake, and coffee. I ordered the Profundo Coffee. It was perfect! I enjoyed it so much more that any other coffee shop competitors (you know who they are). I was a little hesitant to walk in knowing that two other businesses had gone in that same location and failed. I now have found my new weekend coffee shop with a relaxing atmosphere!
5	Best Donuts In AZ....we've been searching for a good donut shop ever since moving from California 2 years ago.....I came across Cherubini about a month ago and feel in love. The dining area is adorable...great job to their interior designer. We did order a breakfast sandwich the first time we were there...which they were just ok................but definitely recommending the donuts!! I'm tired of these "chain" donut shops that are just plain gross. Great job Cherubini!! I love your donuts and continue to recommend your place :)
4	LOVE the Pesto Panini....Prices are a little high but the quality is great and the food is AWESOME.Highly recommend this place.  I work around the corner and it is my new favorite. Morris
5	Ok, so I came here because I needed  a change of pace, and boy, am I glad I did!! Holy cow is this place NICE!  The inside is clean, nicely laid out with plenty of seating. They have a variety of tables, and a few set of couches in here as well.  They even have a really cool back room too.This place is open early, but closes early too.  6AM to 3PM is what the sign says.  They even have a drive through!  They have really great prices, and are cheaper then Starbucks.  They also have a menu of breakfast items along with some sandwiches.  Menu selection is awesome!I'm really glad I found this place.  Plus, the staff here is super friendly.  I just had a doughnut and it was tasty as all get out.  yumyumyum!!  Free Wifi as well!  Go get coffee from here now!!
5	I hate to give away our little secret, but this place deserves the kudos.Tempe has needed a casual coffee shop with great food and we have one now.    Their lunch panninis are great.    For $7, a steal.There were a handful of others using their wi-fi, not super crowded and not starbucks.
3	I drive by Cherubini Coffee at least twice a week, but only had the chance to go in this morning when I desperately needed a latte to kick start my day. It's a very cute place, decorated like an Italian villa. There are lots of tables and places to sit, which is great if you want to spend some time enjoying your coffee while doing work, studying or reading. They do have free wifi, and the atmosphere is definitely welcoming to students, families, and professionals alike. The staff is super friendly and helpful, and they have a drive-thru window in case you like your caffeine fix on the go. They serve basic breakfast and lunch fare - pastries, bagels, egg sandwiches, panini, and salads, and seem to be known for their donuts. They make all of their food in house. I sampled their chocolate and maple glazed donuts - I don't usually eat donuts, but I thought these ones were good, especially if you have a real sweet-tooth. Mmmm, donuts...I was really hoping for a smooth, delicious latte, but found mine to be average at best. I think I would come here if I was in the area and wanted a nice place to get some writing done, but it would not be my first thought for a good espresso drink. But if I were Homer Simpson and had donuts on the brain, I'd likely come in pretty often.
3	Cherubini is a clean, comfortable coffee shop.  The employees are friendly, but  no more than every other coffee shop I've been to.I had a decaf drip coffee, which was just o.k.  Nothing to complain about but not particularly noteworthy.I sampled 4 donuts...raised with maple, cherry iced cake, blueberry cake, and sugar raised.  The donuts were about average or a little higher.  Better than Dunkin but nowhere close to BoSa.  The cherry iced cake was the best, but all the donuts seemed a little too sweet.  I'm a donut fanatic, so I don't mind sweet...but these, just a little too much.Kudos for keeping up a good appearance and free Wi-Fi, but I won't go out of my way to visit Cherubini again.
4	This would most certainly be "my" coffee shop if I hadn't already established myself as a regular at another local shop. This brand-new, independent coffee shop has spent the money to look really nice (it even has a fountain inside!).But what money can't buy is community and unfortunately this shop doesn't seem to have much of that. Granted, building community takes time and/or energy. For their sake, I really really hope it works out in the long-run.
4	I went here because of all the comments about the crazy fountain.  I thought it was okay but my donut-fiend boyfriend has repeatedly suggested that we go there since that first experiment.  The man loves his donuts and he's not of the variety that offers praise easily or readily (believe me - I've made many a meal that he deemed "okay" or "good").  He claims these are the best donuts.  I accept that claim.  It is a little dark, but it is nice that they have a full menu so coffee shop sessions that take you through a few meals are no problem - unless that meal is dinner....because they close early!
5	Cherubini is one of a slew of local digs that have opened recently in Tempe that defy the normal conventions of "local" and "Mom and Pop." Everything about this place is well-designed and polished. I actually had to ask the first time I went in if it was locally owned or part of some corporate chain I had never heard of.  Which is a good thing: the only thing I miss about eating/drinking at big chain restaurants is the thought given to the design and feel of the space.My absolute favorite thoughtful thing they did in the space - this actually made me giggle the first time I saw it - was build this sort of indoor trellis/gazebo thing to break up the same old retail storefront void, and (here's the cool part) they thought to put electrical outlets in almost every one of the posts! Just about every table in the joint has power right next to it.Great coffee, better doughnuts. DANGEROUS doughnuts, especially in a place with a drive-thru. All of these elements + fast wireless = everyone's new favorite caffeine dealer.
5	I can't help but agree with everyone about this place.  I originally wanted to give it four stars, but for being a locally-owned shop the atmosphere was so great that I had to hit five.  I would actually almost consider moving into the apartments next door just so I could walk to this spot.  The coffee was good but man - plenty of couches, some extra rooms for studying, and you've got yourself a winner and possibly the coolest coffee shop for chilling in the Tempe area.
2	To be as fair as possible, I'm going to make it known that I didn't read any of the reviews on Cherubini before posting this, and am avoiding letting my eyes wander too far to the right column, as I'd hate to taint my opinion on this place. I've been meaning to write this review for awhile, and I'd really like to share it with you.I want you to go here. I really do. They deserve your business, and their coffee and food will surely bring you back. It was enough to bring me back; three times by this review. Their food is to die for. Their doughnuts are a flawless texture / flavor combination, and their paninis are certainly something worth writing home about. The fruit is always fresh, and the overall product is worth the money it costs. The facility is beautiful and it should be a role model for contemporary cafes everywhere who do not seek a niche crowd, but welcome anyone looking for a quaint place to hide out.But I feel like I need to clear up a few things and rationalize my seemingly stingy allowance of JUST two stars, which is solely due to the quality of customer service. To be summed up in one word, I would choose... awkward. (I'll preface my explanation to this with a quick note: I am a server's dream. I don't argue or complain. I say please and thank you. I empathize, and I am always pleasant. I understand the trials and tribulations of the food industry, and I care. I occasionally ask for recommendations, but I typically know what I like, and am not socially inane; I'm not overbearing, and I like to be a breath of fresh air for the person who I would LOVE to tip.)That being said, I find myself returning to Cherubini incessantly, in hopes that I can find just ONE occasion without an uncomfortable exchange between the employees and myself. A cafe or coffee shop, of all places, is where good conversation should flourish, and at Cherubini, I feel like every dialogue between the baristas and myself is a struggle. I have to wrestle with words and descriptions to explain what I'd like (ie: a medium soy vanilla latte transforms into a full-fledged battle royale over word-order and what I've mistakenly said ACTUALLY means). Cherubini: cut the customer crucifixion and relax: I want to enjoy my time in your store!My experience here has been crippled by my inability to feel comfortable during my stay (visit #2: screaming children climbing in and out of Cherubini's beautiful stone fountain in lobby, tactless mother yelling across store) and Cherubini should not have to suffer from what seems to be my horrible timing. But alas, even while I hold every barista I speak to accountable for the quality of customer service I receive, the folks at Cherubini appear to simply not care. And until they DO, my rating will skim that negative space between hating it and enjoying it. Bottom line: go here. Try it out. As previously stated, Cherubini is one of these local places that really deserves to stay open because of your business. If you're not looking for customer service, you'll certainly love it. Try the chocolate raised with a cup of black coffee (just make sure your barista doesn't leave you an excessive two inches of room for cream... Unless you want it that way).
4	Tried Cherubini today after a coworker who has a sweet tooth like me told me about it. The samples of doughnuts were enough to convince hubby & I to buy a few to take home. We ordered a panini for lunch and it was good, hubby said his was great (Arizona Turkey Panini). Had a coffee too, was good. Overall, this place offered a little of everything that satisfied all our cravings well. I did think it was slightly over-priced but not enough for me to NOT go back. There are a couple more panini's & salads on the menu I want to try.
5	I pride myself on knowing donuts; I've had thousands in my life. I used to think that Dunkin Donuts' glazed devils food was a near perfect donut but I think they changed the recipe a few years ago and I don't bother going there anymore (when I travel outside of CA). I was visiting Tempe recently and read the yelp reviews for donuts - thank you yelp. Cherubini not only has both chocolate-iced devils food but also chocolate-iced/chocolate raised. I've never seen the latter in my 50+ years of eating donuts. Their glazed donut, perhaps the truest test of donut making prowess, was very good (it is the anti-Krispy Kreme [not greasy and you don't get that "I think I'm going to be sick" feeling]). The servers were very nice and the coffee was good. Yes, it is a little dark inside, but that and the fountain just makes it a little different . Tempe, you're lucky, I wish a place like this was in my town.
5	the donuts are brought in from lamars in north phoenix!!!  cherubini should make that perfectly clear,yes, they are the best donuts ever but give credit where credit is due
5	Wow.  For a place which advertises donuts and drive -thru service, you'd never expect the inside of this little gem to be as nice and mature as it is.  I was almost shocked when I walked in and saw dark wood paneling and tables, a very attractive counter and a very clean kitchen you can see right into.That this is so close to my house that it may not be the best thing for me.  I guess I could work up a jogging to donuts routine.  How many donuts can you work off in a half mile? Everything I've had here has been simple and top-notch.  The donuts and other pastries have a fluffiness to them that can't be matched by donut chains, this place does it right.  And extra-right, they have freakin' donut samples on the counter while you decide what you want.  It is a pretty good guarantee that  you want a donut after that.Wonderful coffee, not-overly cheery staff and a nice, relaxed atmosphere means I'll be coming back for lunch very soon.
5	This review isn't based on anything more than the donuts. Simply put, they are the best in Phoenix. No major complaints on the coffee or other food items either. But, the donuts...oh the donuts.
4	So I visited Cherubini again today.  They kind of goofed my order.  After about 10-15 minutes I went up to check on my order.  All the staff were standing around chatting and no one was in the kitchen.....ummm.  The cashier's jaw dropped when he realized I was still waiting for my order.  Evidently the order didn't print in the kitchen so my sandwich had not yet been made.He brought my food out about 5 minutes later with a receipt showing my credit card charge was reversed.  Lunch was on the house because of the mistake. Awesome.I REALLY like this place and greatly appreciate that level of customer service.  To error is human...to comp my lunch DIVINE!
4	Blueberry donuts are out of this world.  Good vibe, air conditioning.  Only drawback, wifi a little slow/unstable the day I was there.
4	Great place to hang out and have a specialty coffee, tea or breakfast snack.  You'll be surprised upon entering for the first time how nicely furnished it is inside.  I got a mint mocha iced coffee and a strawberry doughnut the other day and both were excellent.  Prior experiences were good as well.
4	Donuts - nice hang out place - good iced tea.  All good.  Finally - i have a place to stop and get donuts in the morning.  I am very thankful for this place - donuts are really great and they are very big.  So happy.  Can't wait to go back and try some coffee drinks.
3	Cherubini is a cute coffee spot that is great for meeting people and even better for getting some work done. It is large, so you can spread out and the doughnuts are incredible (particularly the blueberry doughnut). The coffee is not incredible, but that is just according to my personal preference. The staff has always been really friendly and I go there frequently.
4	We went today and spent some time reading and doing work (yes I did work on a Sunday and it was the Forth of July) - anyways on to my point.  I learned a new fact about this place that bumps up my appreciation for it - free refills on iced tea!!! Can't beat that! Also - its a good place to get some work done - lots of good sized tables. As before - donuts were delicious!
5	I was assigned the task of finding a place for our team at work to go to do some training and team bonding, and of course I turned to Yelp. After reading the reviews and checking out the website, I called and reserved tables in the "Villa Rosa" room.  Upon arrival, it was clear that this is a great room to use for such work tasks or meetings.  There are 3 tables in there that seat 4-6 people, with doors that can be closed if needed.  If you want privacy, reserve the whole room.  Of course we had to start with some donuts, and I tried my hardest to resist them for as long as possible.  Several hours later, I dug into a chocolate on chocolate (go big or go home?) and it was everything I'd hoped for.  Yum!  I also had a green tea latte that was the best I've ever tasted!  Our group stayed for lunch and everyone was happy with their choices, which were big portions for the price.  Service was fast and pleasant too.  I hope to be back to spend another work day here!
5	Cherubini's is closing in a week!!  Is there no God???One of the four horseman of good coffee shops is shutting down.  Cherubini's you can operate out of my apartment for free!  Just let me run it past my landlord...
4	Sadness. I love Cherubini, and I hear they are closing.  So many mediocre shops in the Valley and we're losing one of the good ones.Fun staff, great coffee menu, tasty food menu, and super yumtastic assortment of donuts.Get there before they close. Tell them they're awesome.  Enjoy a coffee and a donut.  Then make a pout-face on the way out.  Sadness.
3	I came to review this shop and learned that they were closing.  This is simultaneously sad and unsurprising.  I had a feeling they were in trouble when they cut their night time hours on the weekends.  Closing at 3pm on Friday and Saturday is not a good sign for a coffeehouse in a college town.The donuts are truly very good, the espresso is solidly better than Starbucks (though not quite as good as Solo Cafe or Cartel).  But Cherubini had great atmosphere.  This is a place you can really feel comfortable while reading or studying.  I'm sorry to see it go.
5	I sadly walked in this place to "finally" check it out on their last day of business.  Despite closing, the service was awesome, upbeat and professional. Their prices are also quite good. While I waited for my espresso drink (very good by the way), I enjoyed the ambiance of the cafe.  I hope they re-open somewhere nearby -- possibly Elliot & McClintock they say.  It's nice to have more locally owned places around, especially ones with great doughnuts.  Not that I need to eat them regularly, but it's nice to know of a "mom & pop" selling them. Thank you Cherubini and please re-open.
4	Unfortunately, it appears Cherubini has shut down.  It's a shame, but I can't say I'm too surprised.  It looked like they had a lot of overhead and not enough volume to support it.  I guess I'll have to start hitting Dutch Bros. more often to get my fix!
