4	i was suppose to train but got injured.very authentic and watched their work out....intense!
5	I trained here for a year and I loved it. Can't wait to re-register, in fact.The training regimen is very authentic and there's a lot of emphasis on sparring, which means you actually learn how to *use* the techniques taught to you by the instructor.Evening classes can get a little crowded sometimes (depending on the weather and time of year), but Saturdays were my favorite: a good number of people always show up on Saturdays and there is more emphasis on sparring.So whether you're experienced in Muay-Thai or want to learn it for the first time, you should definitely consider Daosawan. Prices are also some of the most reasonable in the city.
5	I was in town and dropped in on a Thursday for evening class. Prior I had emailed Kru Leo asking about what I should bring, etc.. He responded very promptly and recommended that I bring all my gear as the class schedule depends on how many people show and how experienced they are. Drop in fee is 20 dollars for a 2 hour session, which is very reasonable. The rough order of things on that day were: quick loosening up/stretching, then partnered calf and shin conditioning, jogging, then you carry your partner on your back once around the course. After that you jump rope for 3 to 4 rounds (2 minutes pace, 30 seconds sprint), followed by shadow boxing. In between rounds you do knees and pushups. Then you do partner drills. After that you start hitting pads (2 rounds each), then a couple rounds of sparring, followed by conditioning and stretching. Very fun class! Kru Leo is very friendly and teaches very traditional Thai style, which I was extremely happy about. He evaluates the students and groups them according to experience, so beginners don't feel overwhelmed and more advanced students can deepen their technique. The students are all very friendly and welcoming as well. Kru Leo emphasizes technique over power, which is the best indicator for a good instructor. Please give this gym a try, you won't regret it!
