5	Your only excuse for not going here immediately is that they don't have their liquor license yet, but hopefully by March 19.  The patio, the waiters, and the chef are all delightful, though the latter speaks little English.  Almost all food items are under $10 with salad.  The dinner crepes are the best I've had in Scottsdale.  If crepes aren't your thing, try the Flammelcueche (like a thin-crust pizza).  I recommend the classical.  If that's too much for you to eat, try the quiche, or the baguettes, or the croques tartines, or the sandwiches or the salads.  Or eat completely out of the box with a crosty (stuffed baked potato).
4	It was Mother's Day, and It was the perfect afternoon for al fresco dining at La Petite France Bistro. As usual, I perused the menu on line to help me make a quick decision in advance about what I would order. They had a special three-course menu for Mother's Day, but you could still order off the regular menu. The special menu did not have crepes, and that was why I so wanted to go. I made a reservation and specifically asked for outside dining. I was "un petit peu" flummoxed when we arrived, and they had already seated our friends inside. I asked politely if we could sit outside and reminded the gentleman that when I made the reservation, he asked me if I wanted indoor or outdoor seating. After reminding me that they would have the misters on if it was very hot, I said, outdoor then. After waiting about five minutes for them to set up, we were seated outside on the lovely patio. The tables were set beautifully with white tablecloths, golden yellow colored napkins, and faux rose petals of various shades of pink and red. It took some time for the waiter to get to our table for ordering drinks, meals, desserts, etc. He was a darling young man originally from Germany (I was surprised he was not French)! He explained that based on reservations, they didn't think they would be so busy so they staffed accordingly. I have to admit that we were all quite pleased that we weren't rushed through our meal and had the chance to linger and enjoy the food and the beautiful atmosphere. I don't know if giving us time would be considered usual practice. The food . . . the menu had so many delicious sounding items, even more that I remembered from the on line menu . . . From Flammelcueche (a rectangular shaped Neapolitan like pizza dish that comes on a pizza board straight from the oven) to croissants to crepes to salads, as I watched orders come out of the kitchen, I had a difficult time making a decision . . . I think anything would have been a great choice! My husband and our friend had the Hawaiian Crepes which were creamy, lite, but still filling. My crepes Provencal were reminiscent of the crepes I had in Versailles at a famous little creperie with goat cheese, vegetables and eggs. Our other friend had the La Pacific quiche with smoked salmon, cream cheese, dill and capers. It was a gorgeous mini quiche, not a slice from a large pie. We were all very pleased. Each entree came with a side salad with homemade dressings. I had the orange vinaigrette and it was so fresh and flavorful. Hubby had the Honey Raspberry that also was so light and delicious. The piece de resistance was the dessert crepes. Because we had waited so long for our "Banana Split" crepe, our waiter comped us a Royal Chocolat -- it was heavenly . . . with a crispy hazelnut bottom topped with a chocolate mousse cake. After devouring that, we didn't need the Banana Split crepe, even sharing among the four of us, but ohhh, I wouldn't have missed it for the world! I rarely order desserts out, but this was an absolute must . . . the warmth of the freshly made thin crepe with the coolness of the vanilla ice cream, accompanied with banana, strawberries, caramel, chocolate, butter, coconut and fresh whipped cream, it was completely sinful and worth every calorie! This particular day, I felt transported back to the little creperie in Versailles. Okay, so we weren't surrounded by centuries old buildings . . . but our stomachs felt like we were! Bon appetit!!!!
3	It was my first try, if only the service was somehow more attentive, and if only the waiter would warn me how large their flammelcueche is, I'd easily give a four star. It was located in a shopping plaza along with other restaurants, very nice atmosphere, outdoor seatings were nice with the shades and myst. Lunch menu has some very broad selections, typical French entrees like quiche and crepe, also the French thin-crust pizza Flammelcueche, and another one called Crosty (baked potato with other stuff). I had the classic Flammelcueche, it was huge, if I had only known the size, we would totally share, you can literally feed four people with that one dish. The classic one has cheese, onion and bacon, it was good, onion flavor was somewhat strong, it reminds me the taste of a French Onion soup, very much alike. My friend had the pacific quiche which had smoked salmon on top of the quiche, it was different that we had expected, but was good.We were outside for two hours, the waiter was very nice, and it seemed he was the only one there, but had never come back to check on us nor to fill up our water, i thought that was kinda rude for not coming back at all, it's 100 degrees out, can we at least get a water-refill?
5	I ate here today.I was overwhelmed by the experience, it was just that good.Service, food quality and prep, atmosphere...all wonderful.After being seated, the waiter brought (gratis) a shot of porto and a small appetizer of prosciutto de parma and porto infused melon...a triumph! My baguette was amazing as was my wife's crepe, and our dessert, creme brulee was off the hook.This was one of those meals that lingers in both your mouth and your brain.We're still discussing it as if it was a blockbuster movie that just let out, you know, where you keep pointing out the various scenes...commenting on how clever, and well made it was?This is that type of place.I told the server when we left..."We didn't have food this good when we were in France"If real French is your thing, this is the place.
4	A HIDDEN GEM OF SCOTTSDALE! located in a court area of the Seville Shopping Center. (no signs to let you know it is there)Authentic French Bistro dining with real French staff featuring baguettes, crepes,quiches, Flammekueche (French pizzas), crosty (stuffed potatoes) and possibility the VERY BEST DESSERTS in Scottsdale.The Bistro is quaint and charming with a large patio and the dishes are served on interesting plates. We decided to try crostys for lunch they came with interesting fresh salads served first. My companion had his crosty with sausage, provolone, Parmesan and mine was smoked salmon onions, cream fraiche & dill. Both potatoes came out piping hot and both were ooey gooey with cheese but potatoes were not fluffy and were brown on edges, also I wasn't excepting cheese on the salmon and would ask for no cheese if I ordered this again. So the lunch entree was really about 3 stars on this visit but dessert was on a level so much better I think 4 stars rounds it up.The STAR of this lunch was the lemon mousse perfection in flavors, texture a perfect mouth feel and design,I have to say this is the VERY BEST mousse I ever had and if I came in for just dessert this would have been FIVE STAR Yelp. The mousse was a cut round in shape topped with a strong  shiny orange under it was the thick layer of intense lemon mousse that wasn't too sweet but perfect and under that was a thinner layer of chocolate mousse that reminded me of pot de creme but wasn't. If you dine near that dessert case you will get hypnotized and fall surrender to one of the many amazing desserts they all looked wonderful.Service was very charming but clunky. Beverages ordered came after salad water was not refilled and we had to ask for check.Slight updateBusiness has been sold to a new French Owners recently.
4	I ate here last night.  Overall I had a good experience.  Despite it being in the middle of summer the outdoor seating was comfortable.  Dogs are allowed outside and the waiter (possible owner) is as french as can get it.  He was very attentive to us and even the 2 dogs we brought along.  We ordered a variety of things including the flammkueche (big & tasty), veggie quiesce (I've had better), and crepes (delicious).  Overall the price was OK and our experience was good despite me feeling like they put the gas in gastronome.
1	If I could turn back time and not have gone to La Petite France Bistro...I would.  It was terrible.  From the slow service to the iced tea that wasn't ice tea...and the waiter not even noticing no one at our table drank it...to the sick feeling I had after the meal:(The smoked salmon crepes were not edible.  They were salty and sickly fishy.  We hid them under the blob of lettuce they call a salad.  We also got their version of a pizza...it was at least palatable...but not worth bringing the left overs home.  Also, we had a Quiche Lorraine.  I felt like I was eating hospital food.  Again, we could eat it but it wasn't very good.  We wanted dessert...but I was scared to try anything further.  We had just had two great crepe experiences while traveling in San Fran and were looking forward to this.  I'm sorry to write this review as I think it is a individual owner trying to make a go of things...but I think this place needs to revamp before it becomes a casuality.  I only think it is fair to warn others so no one else wastes time, money and calories on this joint.
4	Came back to La Petite France twice after my initial visit, and both times were for crepes. I'm giving it one more star just for the delicious savory and dessert crepes!  Although service is consistently slow (compare to many other restaurants), I kinda respect it now that they are French, and why rush when you have the time to enjoy a nice meal :) So if you are busy with a limited time for a meal, just don't even bother to come!
5	Hello La Petite France Bistro, goodbye Zinc Bistro!!!!!We loved La Petite France Bistro. This is the closest to real French food we have found in Scottsdale. The house wine was superb! Best crepes since Paris. If you can't work with the culture differences, and want fast service, go to a fast food joint, not a French restaurant.
4	My friend Vickie was visiting from Denver and I wanted to go some place new for breakfast after our 8 a.m. massage on Black Friday.  I had read about La Petite France and thought it sounded good.It is tucked inside the Seville shopping center, so you have to park and find your way inside.  Very nice patio but it was a bit too cold to sit outside.We ordered  the $12 breakfast which includes coffee, juice or fruit, french bread and choice of omelet (with a croissant) + small salad.  I'm not sure if it's included but we had gotten a croissant, so we each ended up with two.  I chose the ham/bacon omelet & fruit (I'll post pictures) and my friend chose the OJ with the vegetarian omelet.  They accommodated her choice of cheese and egg whites.The only reason I'm not giving this place a 5 star is that they do not serve champagne by the glass.  If they could figure out that people enjoy a glass or two of champagne with their breakfast on weekends or days off, they would make many happy and more $$ for them.Having traveled to France, I see why others posted about  the service.  This is a traditional French Bistro (with slow service) and authentic French servers.  So if you are willing to wait (or have to call your server vs. waiting), then I think you will definitely enjoy the food.
5	OK, back again... this time we had the Salmon Flammekeuche and our favorite house wine, the Heritages Cotes Du Rhone. Excellent!!!I really have a hard time with some of the negative comments about this place, especially about the service. We don't come here for the service, we come here for the food. It is wonderful and both times we have come here it has made us want to go back to France for another visit. We absolutely love this place. If you are concerned about fast service and expect the owners to understand your English perfectly don't bother coming here. If you have traveled France, enjoyed it and like French food you won't be disappointed. Yes, you may have to remind the waiter if you are missing something and yes, you may have to ask for your check (L'addition, s'il vous plait).We will return!
4	Worth stopping by!! It is hidden in the plaza behind the famous coffee place. Quiche La Parisienne for me. A way a quiche should be served and not as part of a bigger pie. Most of their creations come with a yellowish butter and garden salad with a variety of dressings.My friend had the crepe that had salmon. YUM!!!All together I was satisfied. Brush up your basic french and get to accept or even order a la parisienne!
5	An undiscovered gem. With the waitstaff nearly all related to the owner, it's clearly NOT what you would normally find near several hotel resorts. Menu and wine selection is narrow, but everything tried on the menu (75 percent of the offerings), were excellent. And, they are really French, so this isn't some make-believe French restaurant. It's real. Make the effort to get here while in Phoenix.
5	Wow.  This place is really a find off the beaten path.  Family owned and lots of charm at a great price.I've been here three times for breakfast and can't wait to come back.  My favorites are the provencal omelette and the chocolate croissants.
5	It was fantastic! We were visiting Scottsdale and found this place by accident. It was so good that we went back the next day for seconds!! The owners and staff were lovely.
5	Awesome.....felt like I was on the streets of Paris!
4	You have to look for it but when you find it, La Petite France is a wonderful place to eat.  I was traveling alone for work when I found La Petite France in the middle of a retail center at Indian Bend/Scottsdale road.  At first I was going to order a Crepes, but then I saw Flammekueche on the menu!  I have never seen Flammekueche here the states and love having it when in France.  I ordered the Classical and loved it.  In addition, I saved room for a dessert crepe.  It was wonderful.The owner is very friendly and I hope I make it back to Scottsdale soon because I want to try a few other items on the menu.
3	I went today with a french friend that explained the place have new owners; we were 6 adults and 3 babies. They only have 2 high chairs and 1 booster, that was ok. The orders came in different time and mine was the last one, because apparently they got confuse, so I had to eat fast. I ordered a crepe with ham, cheese and tomatoes, it was very good though. At the end the waiter came to apologize, he was very kind and explained that they are still in a process of organize everything. I will come back.
5	I haven't been all Gung-Ho on writing reviews recently but something just has to be said about La Petite France.  This nestled away little French spot off of Indian Bend and Scottsdale road (Northeast corner) is a spot you must stop in at.  I went today for Brunch and had a most enjoyable experience.  The Modest Brother-Sister (Server-Chef) combo was such a change-up from your usual cocky male chef situation happening all over town.  The food quality, taste, originality, and presentation was well above the price point....and the vibe you get from the staff is unique.  ***Chef Joanne even gave up some pastries for the road as a bonus. I will definitely be going back here.
4	Stumbled across this place by accident.  What a great find.  While the menu and wine selction is narrow, everything I had was excellent.  The service was great and they are really French.  That shows through in the food.  It's the real meal deal.  Check it out.  I know I will definitely be going back.
5	My wife and I and another couple and our son went to La Petite France .We all had a delightful time.  the server was wonderful and made excellent recommendations for food and wine.  Everyone was more than happy with the food and service.  This is a hidden gem!We will return soon.
5	I have been here twice -- once for dinner and once for lunch. Service was a bit on the slower side, but knowing that it's operated by small number of people, it's reasonable.I just LOVE hearing them speaking in French.  It'll make you feel like you are in France!!   Everything I tried was very tasty, but let me remind you -- this is a French food after all.  So, it's on the heavy side with cheese and everything else.  A little bit of food will fill you up rather quickly and their portion size is very generous.  Unless you are ready to take some leftover home, think twice before you order.
5	They offer GLUTEN FREE CREPES!!!!! Absolutely recommend this place. Just got back from Paris a couple months ago. This place is VERY authentic & fabulous. The crepes are incredibly good. Staff is very nice. Restaurant is very clean. It's more casual than formal, so I would recommend for breakfast or lunch more than a nice dinner. Very impressed.
5	We discovered this gem when we walked around after a visit to the Railroad Park across the street and just had to give it a try. We've been at La Petite France twice now and both times the food and service were fantastic. I could sit all day and have croissants and French tarting with butter and jelly. We have had the Continental Breakfast which includes a ridiculous amount of wonderful food, including a choice of omelette, Croque Monsieur, and fruit. We always want to order more, but are too full. We intend to come back until we have worked our way through the entire menu - breakfast, lunch, and dinner! This is the best French food we have tasted outside of Frqnce.  Go with a coupons on Wednesday night and share a Tarte Flambee, a mixed salad and two glasses of wine for $25. I think this place should be packed but we have never had to wait.  Make sure to try La Petite France the next time you are looking for an authentic taste of France.
5	My wife and I went to this French Bistro for lunch today. The food was excellent as was the service and friendliness of the owner. We were so impressed that we have invited friends to meet us there for brunch tomorrow !  This is a must restaurant !
3	Service needs to improve, as our Orange juices never came out and waiter never followed up to see if we wanted additional coffee, water, etc.As for food, the omelette was very good and so was the espresso,  but the potatoes seemed old and lacked flavor and the croissants were nothing special to boast about.
5	If I was blindfolded, seated and my blindfold was taken off, I would have sworn I was in France!  The decor and ambiance is very French.  I went in to meet someone for coffee and Croissant.  The croissant came fresh out of the oven, so delicate and the coffee was magnificent, perfect! The food that came by our table to other patrons looked and smelled deeeeeeelish as well! The owners and chef were all so gracious and service oriented and most of all, so passionate about what they do.  Their French accents added to the experience, so authentic...wonderful!!!  Truly a little part of France right here in Scottsdale!
5	IF YOU HAVE NOT BEEN HERE SINCE THE NEW OWNER AND CHEF TOOK OVER, TRY IT AGAIN, IT'S A COMPLETELY DIFFERENT PLACE!!  We ate here once 4-5 months ago and were just so-so on it:  the food was good, but the service was painfully slow.  Then maybe 2 months ago we did a double-date with some friends who wanted to try it, and by strange luck we showed up on the day the new owner took over.  BOOM!  It was so much better!  We have now been back at least a half dozen times.  We've done dinners, breakfasts, or sometimes just a quick stop for a coffee and crepe or croissant.  Every time we walk away amazed!
5	We stopped for dessert and were delighted with our Crepes. Delicious!!!  And the coffee, it almost tasted like French press, so if you like it strong you won't be disappointed... yums.   It was a quiet night, so we had the whole place to ourselves.  The hostess and waitress were super inviting and welcoming.  Can't say much about the rest of the menu but man o man, best strawberry/banana/nutella crepe i've had in forever.... pretty gosh darn authentic for sure.
5	So my gf and I thought we would try this place out for lunch.  I had chosen it on a recommendation but didn't really know what to expect.  This place is LEGIT!  The second you walk in with the French music playing and the smells that just surround you, it mimics a Parisian French Bistro quite nicely.  The food. No words can describe the food.  We shared the Provancale Crepe and Montgmarte and it was absolutely to die for.  The taste and ingredients, just perfection. The service is the owner and its a family owned in the Seville shopping center, which makes for nice afternoon shopping to walk off the many delectable calories from lunch.Desert we got the last crepe on the menu, can't remember what it was called but it had rum and orange and it was quite possibly the best dessert I have ever had. Ever. Anywhere. Go. Check it out. You won't be sorry.
2	We had heard that after the change of ownership that this improved greatly. We never tried it before, but thought we would give it a shot. We tried the continental breakfast and the mushroom spinach quiche. We were disappointed in both. The continental breakfast comes with a croissant that was too doughy and the crepe omelet was mediocre.  The quiche had good flavor, but was the dough was still raw which spoiled the taste. Hopefully, they get their act together over time because it is a very cute place with a lot of potential.
5	We had a remarkable dinner.  Like getting away. Gastronomique extraordinaire. From wonderful wine and cheese selections, to pastries, with coq au vin in between!  The service and music selections made our evening perfect.  We do not prefer to go to a chain.  And this restaurant is why.  Enjoy.
4	This review is for dinner.La Petite France is as close to an authentic French cafe as you are likely to find in the Southwest.  The cuisine consists primarily of a French version of pizza, with creme fraiche substituted for pizza sauce, crepes, and a small number of traditional French entrees such as Coq Au Van -- these vary from day to day.The chef is clearly more than competent and most of the menu is delicious.  There are occasional misses.  For example, the snapper was very underseasoned and a bit rubbery (could have been too old).  But a crostini-like appetizer and a dessert crepe were as good as it gets.La Petite France is the kind of 4 star place that you go back to frequently despite the occasional only-average dishes, not because it's cheap, which it isn't, but because the food is different without being "experimental".  Hints:1.  They have a $29.95 "dinner" consisting of your choice of appetizer, entree, and dessert which is a very large discount.2.  If the weather is decent, try to get outdoor seating.  The patio does not face a road or shopping center and is quite pleasant.
4	I happened to find this restaurant when looking over the list for the Sept 2013  restaurant week. The menu looked really promising and my wife and I were not disappointed. I had the salmon tartar, lime scallops, and the tart tatin. My wife had the goat cheese/bell pepper tart, mango duck, and lemon tart. Everything was really good but the salmon tartar, bell pepper tart, and mango duck really stood out as excellent. I saw a few people getting the rack of lamb and it looked really good as well. About the only thing I was disappointed with was the inability to order from their regular menu. They have a lot of crepe offerings and it would've been nice to order them as well. We will definitely be coming back again.
5	I go to France quite a bit and ironically, just arriving from Paris on Friday night, the wife suggested we go to La Petite France to try out their "Arizona Restaurant Week" menu.Having just dined out in Paris, I figured "Well, what the heck".The food that I had that evening at this restaurant was far and above better than the meals I've had at bistros throughout France.Excellent, rustic French cuisine -- the type that you can find in a small neighborhood where the French actually eat.   A job well done and now my "Go To" place for French food!If you like French cuisine, do yourself a favor and visit La Petite France.  What you get here is better than you will find in France.
5	Aggie and I wanted to try some French cuisine, and this place came up in our search.  This is a well hidden gem behind Starbucks and Jamba Juice.  We ordered escargot (us), frog legs(me), Beef Bourguignon (her), Tarte Flambee, and french onion soup. The escargot was great.  It was very tasty, and the subtle spices made it one of my favorite appetizers.  They come in a ceramic dish that holds a single escargot in a dimple.  5 dimples = 5 cooked snails.The French onion soup had a thick layer of cheese.  That was very good, and it was oh so tasty.  I would highly recommend it.The frog legs was seasoned with olive oil and thyme.  They were very succulent and tasty.  I will definitely have them again.The Tarte Flambee was ginormous but very tasty.  Its size is about the size of a large pizza.  The Beef Bourguignon was succulent and it came with four carrots and some quinoa (seasoned with olive oil and thyme).  Twas a great dish.  She finished every bit. It was a great experience, and it is nice to have an authentic French restaurant in the Scottsdale area.
1	after reading review had high expectations, unfortunately not me not my wife was able even finish our crapes, nothing else I can add to that
5	Absolutely wonderful!!! We couldn't get in during restaurant week but tried a few weeks later and were seated right away. Surprisingly we were only one of two tables seated while we were there on a Friday night. The boeuf bourguignon was fabulous and the hot chocolate crepe for desert was so good I ordered a second!!
5	If I could give this place another star I would!! Been here several times and the food is consistently the best authentic French food in the valley. Turns out the chef is from Cannes! So cool and it totally shows in the presentation. Will continue to be back and indulge many more times. P.s try the chicken marsala with homemade fries or the croque Monsieur with house salad! Delish!!
4	Because Phoenix has few French restaurants, my wife and I are on the lookout for new French food and w decided to try La Petite France out.We recently had dinner there and were very pleased with both the service and the quality of the food. The lamb was well prepared and tender.We will definitely go back.
5	This is the second time I've been back since my last review and my experience simply gets better and better every time.  The owner is a wonderful Frenchwomen and the chef a Frenchman.  The chef explained  how he makes everything (and I mean everything) from scratch.  It simply makes the difference.  Last night, we ordered the escargot (wow!), French Onion soup, the Crepe Provencal followed by a wonderful mouse based pastry for dessert.  What I love about this place is the value.  Not only is everything made from scratch, it is authentic French cuisine.  A few places around the valley call themselves French, but they aren't. This place is the most authentic in the valley and the prices!! wow the prices are phenomenal!  It isn't cheap but it isn't expensive given the ingredients they use and the time it takes to make everything from scratch.  By far my very restaurant in the valley; I shall be back many times.  BTW, the brunch here is amazing!
5	After visiting Paris, I came to the conclusion that I would probably never find affordable, authentic French food in the US, especially Arizona! But I think la petit France is just that!! I was so excited to try their food and meet their staff. We were greeted by the owners and chef. It was wonderful talking to them about their new business and how it all came to be. It made our dinner so fun and we appreciated the food even more. So now on to the food. Delicious!! We started with warm Brie which was to die for. Then we each had a different crepe. I had la Provence which was salmon capers and onions. Yum yum and yum. It was big and I had to take it home. Then I ordered macaroons and have never tasted a better one. The chef created so many different flavors and each one so delicate and delicious. I took home a dozen! It was the perfect dining experience. Thank you! We can't wait to go back.
5	Always great food!!! It doesn't matter what meal, breakfast, lunch or dinner... Phenomenal crepes!! Wonderful atmosphere! The owners are very personable!! Love, love, love this place!! Great gem I wanna keep to myself!!
5	La Petite France is so quaint and cute!!  It is pretty tucked away in a nice outdoor shopping strip (curse AZ strip malls), which is kind of nice to be off the busy road.  The down side is I am not sure how much impromptu traffic they get, which is why I need to get the word out.  It would be horrible if this place went away.  I found this La Petite France on a mission for a new brunch spot, some of the central Scottsdale/Old Town Scottsdale places are too packed with poor service and food that is just okay and like anywhere else.  When I saw fresh crepes and chocolate croissants on the menu I had to come check it out.  Take the effort to find it (many other breakfast options)!  Park your car and basically walk to the middle of the shopping corridor and you will find La Petite France.  I sat down and was immediately poured a glass of water and they set a full bottle of water on the table for me.  I was informed of the daily specials, which all sounded quite delicious.  I ended up opting for the croissant plate with coffee.  MMMMMmmmmmm I was not disappointed; the croissants were so buttery and flaky!!  Get the chocolate croissant.A friend of mine happened to be walking by on a weekend walk, so I invited her to join me.  It turns out my server was the owner and he told us all about new changes happening with the menu.  They have an actual French chef, meaning he is from France.  The staff is outstanding: very nice, professional, yet amazingly 'neighborhoody' for a Scottsdale restaurant.  Review #2:  Before I finished my review draft I came back to LPF!  That is a testament to how great this place is in my book.  The owner told me about the mussels when he was talking about the menu at my breakfast visit, so Friday instead of happy hour with my girl Kristen, we decided on wine and mussels.  La Petite France can do mussels 3 different ways...we opted for the traditional white wine, garlic, etc.  We wanted to lick the bowl clean!!! The bread is house made and fantastic!  The mussels were of course good, but it was the 'broth' around the mussels that we dipped the bread in that had us drooling.  I am going to have to come back and try the other two mussel dishes.  Also two tables near us had the Le Filet du Pechuer (serves 2 people), which is basically a soup with various kinds of fish, squid and shellfish that smelled AMAZING as it went by on the cart.  The one table told us we have to come back just for that dish, and said they come here regularly just for it.  Did I mention they have rack of lamb too...looks like I have quite a few trips back to La Petite France in my future!
5	This place was amazing! I was very impressed, considering it was my first time, all my expectations were met. Our server was very kind when giving recommendations and patient when we had no idea what some of the stuff on the menu was. Our food came rather quickly, as we came right at the end of the rush.  We had the smoked salmon omelette and the Nutella crepe with strawberries and bananas. Everything was so delicious. I will definitely be back again.
5	Amazing and a romantic place to take a loved one. Me and my ex girlfriend loved the food and atmosphere 100%
5	One of the best French restaurants in AZ, such a hidden treasure in Scottsdale! The bouillabaisse was Devine, prepared by a Canne native chef.
5	I'm still dreaming of my spinach and mushroom omelette and fresh croissant. The service was friendly, and extra points from this Wisconsinite for using the term "bubbler" for the drinking fountain!
4	Stopped in for lunch today, I got the French onion soup which was served bubbling hot, fresh out of the oven and it was delicious.  Also tried the chicken breast sandwich with bacon and pesto served with a side salad.  Everything was fresh and very tasty but the absolute best thing was the dessert!  I had the strawberry banana nutella crepe and it was to die for!  This is a charming and cozy place with excellent and friendly service so don't miss out!  Prices are very reasonable too.
5	This restaurant is a hidden gem of Scottsdale/Phoenix!   A must for anyone looking for great French food or just a charming atmosphere.The restaurant is located in the courtyard of the Seville Shopping Center.   It's located in the back, behind the parking lot. We had dinner on the patio where there is a lighted Eifel Tower. The Eifel Tower adds warmth and charm to the restaurant.  Makes you want to book your next trip to France.When we sat down we greeted by the owner of the restaurant who is very ingratiating and told us about their specials.  We started with the Escargot and the Brie served with salad.  The appetizers were fantastic! The main courses were exceptional as well.  We ordered the Boeuf Bourguignon, Veal liver and the Chicken roulade.  All the dishes were fantastic!  At the end of the meal we had the opportunity to meet the chef, who is from France!!!  How cool is that!He told us that he also makes all the desserts.We were so full at that point but since they were home made we order a few and loved everyone.You must visit this restaurant!
5	I chose La Petite France for a special brunch to celebrate completing a certification program with my family. The husband and wife team did an supreme job. While the wife was in the back cooking (amazingly delicious food, by the way), the husband was out with us. He is an extremely funny guy. He even sang and danced for us. I could tell they aren't used to having large groups come in, but we had the most relaxing brunch with lots of great laughs. There were never any dull moments and he handled a large group very well. Later, as our brunch was winding down, Samir, the husband, came out to the table to thank us for being such a great group for their Sunday morning. He gave the kids little key chains with the Eiffel Tower on them. All three children thought that was the greatest thing in the world. They really had personalized service. Without a doubt, I will be going back!
5	Really great crepes and service. Location is a little hidden but worth tracking it down for Sunday brunch.
5	5 stars!!! i have been here twice (once for lunch, once for dinner) and I love it. The food, regardless of what you order, is incredible. The chef Jean Cluade is from south france and he does his people proud. All of the dishes are exquisite, it tastes the way food should taste; with every bite you understand the beauty of flavor. The service is always very friendly and they are super humble and gracious when you compliment them. It is a quaint little place that really reminds me of when i was in france, sweet and sophisticated. I wish I could afford to go there more often.
2	I had a very unfortunate experience here at La Petite France. I came here for restaurant week and I was really looking forward to my meal after reading all these reviews. I have only traveled in France briefly in my time but it was enough to know that I love French cuisine. Unfortunately I was meet with disappointment while eating here.After placing a reservation for our meal we arrived early only to find that all of the inside tables were being occupied by two large parties. As compensation we were offered an extremely small and awkward table that is located immediately next to the main entrance of the restaurant or a table on the patio. Given the awkwardness of the remaining in-house table we choose to bear the evening chill and sit outdoors. It was evident that the staff had made a mistake and felt badly for it but they danced around the subject for the remainder of the evening rather than apologize. As the odds would have it I ordered the three smallest dishes on the menu. I could not actually believe how small these plates were. I ordered the Le Panier de Tomatoes Rouge, Escargot, the Scallops, and the Red Fruit Sabayon for dessert (all photos of these can be found above courtesy of Mary F). The only dish of these that was memorable was the escargot. The others were truly lacking in flavor and had nothing to savor.I paid $40 to be cold and hungry.
4	Great little place tucked in amongst a collection of shops. We went in on a Saturday morning and were surprised to see that we were only people there. It worked out because we were able to chat with one of the owners. It was a very pleasant experience and they clearly care about what they do.Oh, the food was awesome, the Arizona crepe was particularly fantastic. Definitely going back.
4	A bunch of Yelpers and I were craving for something sweet after attending Irene's UYE at Cuttlefish yesterday.  Chez Vous, across the parking lot, was closed, so Linda and I thought La Petite France was another great option.  We initially thought there were five of us going, but one couple didn't appear...Linda had mentioned last year that LPF had changed owners, so I was glad to see that Val (co-owner) was still there!  (I suppose Linda's last visit was before I had started going there.)  On to the food... I decided to go with a past breakfast choice of mine, the $8.95 Hot chocolate ("sugar, butter, chocolate, cinnamon"), which Yelp friend Judy F. had suggested in her review.  While last night's crepe was d'lish, it wasn't as good as I had remembered to be. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/la-petite-france-scottsdale?select=1CMIghOEB95KYwUxjrg8AA#1CMIghOEB95KYwUxjrg8AA  I think it was the addition of whip cream, which I normally would have requested to be left out.  (I forgot to ask if the crepe came with whip.)  Last night's dish also had more chocolate syrup on it.  Linda's choice, on the other had, was so delicious!  She had the $9.95 Suzette Flambee ("butter, sugar, honey and rum, vanilla ice cream, whipping cream"), which was set on fire, complete with the lights very briefly turned off.  The dish was still afire when the lights came back on, so it wasn't quite as romantic a notion as it could've been...  The rum-laced ice cream was the star of the show, I thought.  A must-order-again, for sure!  :)
5	Just had an amazing dinner ! Great ambience, service and exceptionally delicious food. I had the scallops and bf had the lamb. C'etait parfait. If you close your eyes, you will think you are in France ! We will be back very soon !!
5	I very much enjoyed my lunch at La Petite France yesterday.  Since they had positive ratings on Yelp and I was craving for a crape, I gave it a try.  The restaurant has a cozy homey feeling.  I ordered a baked sandwich (ummm I forgot the name. It had tomato, mozzarella, prosciutto) and a glass of house Pinot Grigio. The sandwich came with a salad with fresh greens and the portion was great!  What I enjoyed the most was to have a pretty deep conversation with the owner, Valerie. She is so charming and I could tell instantly that she cares and that she and the chef puts their heart and soul into their offerings.  I strongly recommend this place to anyone craving for some authentic french food. I also recommend to anyone who wants to practice French language. Valerie is from Montreal and the chef is from France!
5	Very pleasant atmosphere, friendly owner, TASTY food. Great for a quiet get-together or a romantic dinner.The prices are a bit steep for entrees. I think a $$$ price rating would be more appropriate. We were hoping to spend up to 15$ per entree and most of them were in the 20-30 range. There are some options for crepes around 12-15$ though. Bottom line: price can come as an unpleasant surprise. Another thing is not so much of a critique but a suggestion: owner was very nice by taking plenty of time to explain the menu to us and then coming to our table to check how we're doing which is very sweet but a bit too much attention. Overall, a pleasant place which I'll recommend to friends.
5	This was our first time here.  We ate brunch on the patio.  My husband ordered the ham and cheese crepe, and loved it.  I had the Quiche Lorraine, which was just as wonderful.  Both were served with a side salad.  For dessert, we ordered the belle-helene crepe (pear, honey, cinnamon, whipped creme) -fabulous!  The service was the best, very personable.  We are so glad we stumbled across La Petite France.  We will definitely be back (soon) and can't wait to explore more of the menu!  C'etait incroyable!
4	Such a wonderful find in Scottsdale.  The tarts and vichyssoise was the best.  The banana split crepe was the perfect end to a fine meal.  The owner and chef were so gracious and attentive.  Will be coming here again soon. Merci
5	Great selection of authentic french pastries.  Elegant country decor and warm hospitality of the staff.  Look for this casual bistro tucked away in this upscale shopping center with Starbucks front and center.   --  I'm from LA and I'll be back....
5	Lovely restaurant tucked away in the Seville shops. All wait staff and the chef (yes, the chef came to see how our food was!) was extremely friendly. House salad with homemade French dressing was superb, as were the frog legs and lamb medallions we ordered for entrees. The crepe belle-helene with pears, cinnamon and honey was a perfect ending to the meal. Will be back here more often for sure, and I'd recommend it to anyone looking for an authentic French experience. Also, beautiful pastries, especially if you come on the weekend :)
3	Had a birthday brunch here for my mom.  We sat on the outdoor patio, which was really nice.  The food was tasty and service was great!  My parents were late, so we had coffee while we waited and the staff was so friendly.  The breakfast potatoes were so good and unique, kind of like regular french fries, but not.  Hard to explain, but very good.  The croissants were delicious and the kids gobbled them up! We do not live very close, so probably won't go back unless we happen to be in the area, but a very cute place for a special occassion!
4	I've been three times here. Will come again for sure
5	We came here for our anniversary, and they made us a special dessert just for that. Was a special evening we'll never forget.
5	A beautiful restaurant with impeccable service. The food was artfully presented, and skillfully prepared, with interjections of surprise tastings that complimented the meal perfectly. One minor nuisance was being seated under a vent that created a cold draft throughout the meal, and for which there seemed to be no remedy.
4	Best meal I ever had. Went for my girlfriend's birthday and had the 3 course tasting menu with wine pairings. From the amuse-bouche to the dessert, everything was exquisite. The wine pairings went perfectly with each dish. There aren't enough adjectives to describe how good our meal was.
4	We use to dine in La Petite very often and it always good experience ,but when La Petiteuse to be at the kitchen it was a big difference.
5	Excellent service from the 1st to the last minute. Friedly, professional, well organized.
5	There were high expectations of La Petite France from all the reviews, critics, and blogs that I researched prior to arriving. Little did I imagine that I would be taken to whole new level. From the moment we arrived and had some cocktails in the lounge, to our dining experience in the main room. we were treated with outstanding service. Not great, but phenomenal. The food was fantastic and quite memorable. What separates La Petite France from others, is their balanced approach of quality food, great atmosphere, and unparalleled service. Many thanks for the great memories!
