4	I can't give much of a review of this new little cafe yet, as we just popped in for takeaway coffee yesterday - but it's bright and lovely and has the most delicious-looking cakes on the counter so I'll definitely be back! The staff were lovely, too - telling me they had wifi when they saw me playing with my phone.
4	A lovely blend of old style exterior and modern interior, Just the Ticket strikes me as an ideal spot to pass a relaxing morning or afternoon.Overall, we said: "their soup was very good, the welcome very friendly, and the surroundings entirely conducive to whiling away an afternoon. Their menu lacks a "killer dish", but maybe their cakes play that role. I can see this place playing a role on my various training walks, over the next few months, as a welcome stop-off point for a nice cuppa and a heat."
5	Ok, I've been back for a cup of tea and the best scone I've had in years, and I'm in love with this wee place. It's clean and fresh and friendly, with the sort of home made scones and cakes that you always hope you're going to find in a tea room but usually don't. My tea came in a traditional brown pot, with a pretty china cup and saucer, my scone came with lots of tasty jam, and there's free, strong wifi. I will be back!
5	This place saved us from caffeine deprivation and hunger after long days at fringe shows. We found it with the help of Yelp and it was exactly what we needed.The coffee and tea were good. Sausage rolls were delicious, and the bacon roll crowd seemed pleased, as well. We may even go back today. The cafe is very cute and comfortable and the employees were welcoming and helpful. Prices are great, too.
4	This place is just full of good energy! The interior is subtle, simple and welcoming. The coffee is one of the best I have had in town and is made with passion. There is pastries, cakes, sandwiches and all looks very tempting to try. I was full and just wanted a coffee this time but will come back to try the rest! This is a place that oz relaxing!
5	Love this place for being charming, reasonably-priced and tasty. Free wifi, nice filled rolls, cakes and excellent coffees and teas. PLUS it is in an interesting old building. I also like The Manna House in Easter Road but it's often crowded and is very pricey. I find my feet take me back to Just The Ticket because it's a welcoming place. If only they had a patio out back. Two thumbs up.
4	A nice enough place for a tea/ coffee. They must have been spring cleaning as there was an area cornered off with junk, the patisserie is made in house and they do have a good selection to offer for lunch.
5	The cakes are to die for, the service is with a smile, and the prices are laughably low. The espresso drinks are shockingly high quality, the soups are delicious ... there's just really no going wrong here.
