5	One of the disadvantages of being a lean, tall guy that likes to stay in shape is that it is absolutely impossible to find clothes that fit.  My neck is small, and my arms are long, so I have no choice but to have my clothing either custom-manufactured or altered.Artful Tailoring is on point in all regards.  The owner, Aladdin Dimas, a native of Damascus, Syria, has been learning the trade since he was 14.  He knows cool, and he knows how to accentuate the best and worst parts of the human figure.  His prices are very fair, and his textile collection is world-class.Go check him out.  He's put together an above-average website which you can access by clicking on the above link to the business' info, and I suggest you do so.In the market for a new shirt?  Don't settle for a 'fitted' Kenneth Cole... go give Aladdin a shot!  He'll make you look like a million bucks!
1	I read a few negative reviews from other unhappy customers but I thought I would try this place out anyway. When I arrived my wife and I met Alladin, shop owner, who seemed very confident. He said he worked with pro athletes and sounded like he knew what he was talking about. He tried selling me a suit and said it would be worth the money. Later I purchased an $800 Hugo Boss suit and came back to see him to have it altered. He made all of the necessary markings and pinned the back of the jacket to be altered. A week later I came with my wife to pick up the suit and he handed me the wrong suit (good thing I checked). He didn't ask me to try the right one on so I asked if I could make sure it fit. Long story short, he never altered the jacket and the pants seam was off. He tried to charge $200 for doing nothing to the jacket which is a scam. He finally agreed to fix the jacket so sent us to lunch and made some adjustments. He didn't know how to work with the modern Hugo Boss material and you could see the stitching marks from the hem on the outside of the pants legs . WHAT A JOKE! I was going to seek legal advice but figured I would spend more on a lawyer than just making the ruined suit work. If you need anything complicated done or if you are have anything of value do not use this guy! PLEASE BEWARE and don't ignore these complaints like I did. There are other negative reviews out there if you look.
5	Located in the corner of a strip mall located at the SWC of Elliot and Dobson on the northwest side of Chandler.  Don't freak over the word Chandler, its just a bit east of the 101.  Worth the drive.  Nice, unassuming.  Does great work.  I hate when I get pants hemed and the tailor plays chicken and egg with you.       "Do you want it like this (moves the pant leg up 1/4") or like this     (moves it down)"?  This guy will take one look, make a mark and done.  Perfect every time.
5	This guy altered a pair of my jeans and a fancy dress of mine, and both items came out PERFECT!Quick turn around time too.Love it.
5	Ahhh, my favorite place for tailoring! Us short people rely on places like Artful Tailoring. It's been a while since I have been in, but I have given them everything from my Lucky Brand sweats, to Ann Taylor slacks to an old pair of jeans for mending! I've never had a bad experience here and their prices are fair. Service is fantastic and you can count on your clothes being ready when promised! The store is clean and has an upscale feel. Aladdin is knowledgeable and friendly. They are great at difficult jobs or specialty items too! Won't ever go anywhere else.
5	I have bee going to Artful Tailoring for about 5 years since I moved to the valley and the work is execptional.I have had two custom made dress shirts made and about 25 other shirts redone to fit me better.The work is high quality and well done, highly recommend it to everyone.
1	I payed $70 to get 4 pairs of pants tailored here, 3 pairs of BCBG slacks and a pair of True Religions. So I thought, not a bad price for expensive pants and everyone loves this guy. Not a single one was the right length that I asked. The hem fell out of one pair already and the tailor didn't even do what I asked for on another. To top it off, the chalk marks weren't even washed or steamed out!!! I am so appalled by his craftsmanship. I will never go back after I get them fixed...
3	Tailoring - goodCustomer Service - unimpressed
1	I took several dresses and shirts in to this person before a long business trip. It was VERY expensive, but he seemed competent. However, on the trip, I discovered that one of my dresses wasn't completed, and the pins in the shoulders were left in! On the phone he offered me a full refund ($40). When I picked up my now completed dress a week later, he only offered me a $10 credit and then shooed me out of his store. I tore it up right there and vowed never to go back.
5	I don't wear suits often, so I totally appreciated their advise on what will make me look my best.  Extremely professional, and they really know their stuff.  After they showed me the tailoring that needed to be done, I could really see how a good suit is supposed to look.  This place rocks.  If I had to do it all over again, I would visit the Tailor BEFORE even going out to buy a suit.  He helps you know what to look for in a suit.
4	I found this place thanks to other Yelpers. It was very professional and they hemmed 5 pairs of pants for me. They were exactly like I asked for when I picked them up and they were available next day! I only removed one star because for a simple hem they are a little pricey but I will return again because I can trust them to do quality work!Additional edit: About 3 weeks after having these pants hemmed, one pair's hem had fallen apart. I know this happens sometimes so I simply called up Artful Tailoring and explained the situation. The guy said bring it back in at my convenience, no charge. I brought it back in and they fixed it on the spot, pressed the pants and handed them back to me in less than 3 minutes. I was thoroughly impressed! This place is awesome!
4	Had my sport coat taken in after dropping some pounds.  They did a great job and their price was about 10% lower than other tailor quotes.
2	Walking down the isle with my brand new tailored suit, with rips under both arms says a lot.  then going in the store and being yelled at by a guy with his finger in your face is a whole other level of customer service that I do no t appreciate.Upon my return visit he was much more apologetic, but he never refunded my money.  Instead he offered me a deal on another suit.
5	What can I say about this place but it is wonderful! I had three dresses altered there and the prices where way less than I expected to pay. My sister-in-law took her wedding dress there for a rush fix and he did it so quickly and perfectly, I would recommend Artful Tailoring to anyone.
1	Extremely poor customer service - the owner lied to me when I came to pick up my clothing and it wasn't ready. That was after calling the night before and getting attitude for inquiring before he originally said it would be ready. There's nothing special about this place.
1	Horrible customer service. I went in for the first visit for alterations and they were very standoffish. When picking up the pants, I noticed the zipper had been broken. I brought this to their attention and they refused to fix the zipper or reimburse me for a repair. It was obvious that the damage was done at their shop because the pants were brand new. Also, I would NOT have walked out of the dressing room and proceed to be fitted with a zipper down. The owner proceeded to argue with me when I asked him to at least reimburse me for the tailoring, and kept this up for about 10 minutes. He said he could fix the zipper, but out of principle he would not do anything to the pants. He said that he had many high end clients and did not need one patron's business.  Very disappointed, will never return.
5	Best tailor I've found in the Valley. I'm very short and very particular about fit & length, and he gets it right to a T. He's talented, personable, and charges a fair price.BTW, I don't get all the bad reviews - are we even talking about the same tailor?
5	I have been more than impressed by Artful Tailoring in making some custom shirts for me.  They have done a lot of alterations for my jeans, as well as a suit that I bought there.  Seems to be more than legit, so not sure why the negative reviews here...I guess some people just do not "mesh".  I would highly recommend their services to anyone at this point.
5	A few years ago, I had an unfortunate experience at Artful Tailoring. Recently, the owner reached out to me after reading review. He regretted the situation and wanted to make it right.I have a back log of clothes that need to be altered so I was happy to meet with him again. I knew he could be trusted with the more complicated items (i.e. anything other than pants that need hemming) because of the work he did for me previously.This time I had two dresses taken in at the shoulders and a pair of jeans taken in at the waist. The first dress had embroidery at the shoulders so he did an "easy fix" that involves folding the material. I was a little hesistant at first, but it looks good and fits even better. I've never had jeans taken in before so I was worried how they would turn out. Now my beloved mint jeans fit perfectly with just two small darts sewn in the back. They aren't really noticable, and besides, I usually wear my shirts untucked anyways.All the work was ready when promised. I'll be back soon to have some more clothing shortened to fit my midget frame.
5	I found this company by doing a search on google. I had an NFL jersey that I needed to get something stitched on it. I emailed this company because they were in my local area, and received a response within 1 day, the response was very professional and polite. I took my jersey to them on Friday 4/12/13 around 3pm. They knew exactly what I wanted. When I was asked when I needed it back by, I told them "no rush". He asked if Monday would be fine. I told them yes, he then asked if I would be in the area on Saturday (the very next day 4/13). I told him I would be but only around 11am. He told me he couldn't promise anything but to call around 11am. I did and it was done! Excellent work! My jersey look great!! The price was wonderful and they had it less than 24 hours! On Saturday when I picked it up, I also noticed how nice the suits were. Because of this great experience I received, I will be suit shopping here. Thanks!!!
2	I just needed a pair of business pants hemmed. The tailor was rude and explained how he could make custom pants for me that would "actually look good on you." I said no, he asked if he could make alterations to my current pants. Again, I explained I just needed a hem. When I came to pick the pants up he explained how he preferred I pay in cash. He was very insistent. I said I don't carry cash on me so I'd be paying with a card. After taking my payment he said from now on "you need to pay in cash." Needless to say, I won't be going back. Horrible customer service and too pushy with the salesmanship.
1	I read a couple of the negative reviews but decided to get my Hugo Boss suit altered anyway. I was lied to, over charged, I was given the wrong suit, the jacket was not altered when I finally got the right one, pants fabric bunched up where alterations were made and to top it off i was treated like it was no big deal. I would avoid the guy if you have anything worth value. Maybe okay for a pair of jeans or sweat pants. No apology given after the mess. There are too many professionals out there to go to who know what they are doing and who will treat you respectfully so don't go here. Hopefully this helps you.
5	Been here twice to get a pair of jeans and dress pants hemmed and also a shirt altered.  Great thing about this place - Got my dress pants back w/in 4 hours!  All my alterations came back w/ the correct measurements and can't even tell they alter it (meaning no stitching mess up).  The guy who helped me both times was very nice.
5	Best tailor I've ever found...he knows clothing and fit & gets it right every time! It's important to me that my tailor has as much of an eye for fit, appearance and quality as I do. I sew and did my own alterations for years until I lost my motivation and skill, so I know what a good alteration job looks like.   I know I can trust Artful Tailoring to make me look great in every type of attire, from a formal dress to jeans & casual blouse :)Regarding speed and turnaround: I always plan ahead and take clothing in well before needing them (1-2 weeks). Clothing is always ready when promised.
2	Been here 3 times and was disappointed after the 3rd visit.  I went to pick up my pants and it literally took them 10 mins to find my pants.  Strike 1.  After finding my pants the guy told me the pants had not been alerted yet.  Strike 2.  The guy apologized and said it would be ready in about an hour.  I went back 3 hours later and waited again for another 15 mins to get my pants back.   No customers ahead of me, just told me that it was almost ready.   Strike 3.
5	Happy with the alterations they've done with my apcs(1) and nudies(2)! Great customer service, very professional; I'll definitely be coming back with the next pair of denim I purchase
5	They did a great job. The price was very reasonable and they finished in a timely manner. They also had very helpful suggestions to make my piece come out looking the way I wanted. I will definitely come here again
