3	Prepare to be overwhelmedUpon entering Michal Negrin - a smallish store located in the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace, tons & tons of (fake) sparklies hit your eyesHard to discern which earrings you even want to try on, let alone necklaces, bracelets, rings, belts, scarves, tank tops.....it's ALL bejeweled, bedazzled, & sparklieAlso hard to actually browse the store as the people in the store stalked as we're walking around, telling us about every piece, pushing us to try stuff on, get stuff, buy stuffI came out of there, not really knowing exactly what I had bought or if I could have found something better - escape mode set in & I just wanted to flee as fast as I couldSo overall, overwhelmed by the tons of pretty things, all crammed on the shelves so that nothing easily pops out, really overwhelmed by the amount of money I dished out for 2 measley pieces,  & especially overwhelmed by the overbearing staff - please give us breathing room to browse!
5	I shopped here via cell phone (and my mother) today and was impressed by the tireless service of Dianna, who recommended piece after piece in various price ranges to match pieces I bought months ago in Mamila and Tel Aviv. Diana also helped my mother pick out some mother-of-the-bride jewelry for my upcoming wedding, matching a lovely necklace and earrings with a cell phone image of my mother's dress. The most exceptional part of the visit was when my mother described her dress as taking on the colors around it: Dianna found a set of jewelry that also took on the colors surrounding it!The jewelry is not expensive, though ornate chokers and necklaces can get you in the low thousands, but for what you're getting (hand painted and assembled brass with Swarovsky crystals and beads) you might feel like you're over-paying. This is delicate, high-end costume jewelry, make no mistake about it.You either love Michal or you don't know what all the fuss is about. It's over the top. It's high drama in the Victorian style. I'm 29 and I even drool over the journal I bought when I was in Israel. Needless to say, I'm a romantic at heart and an antique junky, though you'd never know it by stepping into my ultra-modern home. It's not for everyone or everywhere, but I seem to be so smitten with her designs to wear the jewelry every day. You only live once!All of her jewelry is backed by a satisfaction guarantee, "...replacing or fixing broken, damaged and impaired products..." at the company's expense. My safety clasp came undone (because I basically worked out in the bracelet - don't ask) and the store fixed the clasp while my mother shopped.The experience of Michal Negrin's world is enough incentive to get you through the door. What you try on and fall in love with is your responsibility, not hers!Also, both the Mamila Jerusalem and Tel Aviv/Yafo airport stores were beautiful, and the girls working there, though they gave me more space than the average American shopkeeper, were very helpful and courteous.
3	Outside sparkles and looks fun and inviting.  Clothes are unique, but not well-made at all, and very, very expensive. $450.00 for a little Lycra t-shirt with not well-stitched seams.  $950.00 for a similar skirt.  However, I like the idea of the place.
