5	Ummmm OK so what to say about Morgan Hope.... she is an amazing stylist, fun to be around, and you will never leave her chair feeling anything but hot! Morgan has taken me from blond to brunette, long to short, and curly to straight.  She does the absolute best hair extensions in town.  I had mine in for 6 months with only one touch up and they looked so great and natural, they even scored me a new boyfriend. She took the time to match my hair perfectly and was super careful with my fine hair. Morgan has also treated my hair with a Brazilian Keratin treatment.  It made my hair so shiny and straight it was probably the healthiest it has ever looked. She is so creative with color, so you can either show up with a picture and she will duplicate it or you can let her do her thing.  Most recently I let her color my blond hair reddish brown with a few hi-lights (totally unplanned) and no joke I have NEVER gotten more compliments on my hair.  Morgan is a blast to talk to and the time in the chair goes so fast! Steven Paul is also a great salon with a cute shop and cafe, so you can pratically spend the whole day there.
4	FROM PANIC TO RELIEF!!!!   We moved here in January.  I had been going to my hair specialist for over 20 years and I was really dreadinghaving to go through the agony of finding a new person who could do a good job on cut and "especially" the color.   I had almost resigned myself to the fact I would have to fly back South to get my color done every month.  GREAT SURPRISE....I found Morgan Hope on my first attempt.   I am hoping she is my real HOPE.  The haircut was terrific and the color was what I had been doing but she did not like it and wants to try something else.  I will go for it and see what she has this next time.  AND, I like her .....after all she has Southern Roots!!!  If all is as good after the next visit, I will come back and give her a 5 STAR.
5	Morgan is AMAZING.  She is great at giving tips and helping me figure out what to do with my hair, and every time you leave there you feel a million times better.  All i do is cut my hair, but I have gone from one extreme to the other and every time she does an amazing job.  She also does a few of my co-workers hair color and they always look great :) LOVE HER and HIGHLY recommend her to everyone that I know!!!!!
5	Well, I cannot believe I have waited this long to give an update on Morgan!!  Especially since she is FANTASTIC!!  Yes, I have been back to her for the 5th time now and I love what she suggested I do to the color on my hair (much better than what I was doing) and her haircuts are the best.  She also has done some other treatments on my hair that have made it hold up under this hard, dry AZ weather.  And, she is so sweet and caring.  Oh, she has also gone out of her way to make an introduction to another of her clients (also from the South) who was new here and had not met many people and we really hit it off.  Morgan knew we would.  I mean what more can you ask for.........go for it...YOU WILL NOT BE SORRY.   This from a HAPPY, HAPPY Client, Christine
5	Morgan is AMAZING! Trust me on this one. I go to Morgan for my extensions and I have never been happier with my hair in my life. Morgan has actually become one of my great friends because she is so caring and generous. I try to stop in to see Morgan about 2x a month for a blow out, some curls for the weekend or just to say "hi"! If you have a wedding coming up or are just looking for someone to give you the best cut, style or extensions of your life contact Morgan today!
5	MORGAN HOPE has added so much to my life because my hair is so much easier to work with and enjoy. Morgan listens to me and wants to cut and color my hair the way I want and gives me suggestions and advice to accomplish my desires.  I really appreciate  and value her!!!! She's a gifted stylist!!!
5	Morgan is the best stylist I've ever been to.  Being a guy, its not easy to find someone who doesnt just do the standard guy cut.  She will set you off in the best way possible.  You wont regret it!
5	Figured it was time to update the Yelpiverse on how things are going with Morgan Hope! She continues to WOW me every time I sit in her chair. I highly recommend that if you are thinking about extensions, talk to Morgan!  She has done full extensions for me 3 times and each time they have lasted upwards of 6 months.  The hair she uses is such great quality and the way she matches color and blends the hair blows my mind.  I have really fine hair that breaks easily, but the technique she uses is very gentle and my hair is left in great condition when the extensions are removed.Morgan did my extensions and also styled my entire wedding party for my big day. My bridesmaids all said they had never felt more beautiful and loved their unique styles.When my extensions lost a little bit of shine after me beating them up on my honeymoon, Morgan did a Brazilian Keratin treatment and literally brought my hair back to life! This is a great option if your hair needs some extra shine and smoothness. I have slightly longer then shoulder length hair right now, and really wanted to give the gradual ombre trend a go. Since my hair is so fine, Morgan recommended adding a few light blond extensions to give the illusion of ombre instead of bleaching my hair.  This was one of the best suggestions I have ever received from a hairstylist!  I love it and she nailed the ombre! If you need a change from your boring snooty hairdresser, give Morgan a try and you will have a blast and leave looking your best! Thanks Morgan!
5	Morgan is amazing and such a doll!  Having moved from the east coast at the end of last October, I have struggled to find someone that knows what to do with my super fine, blond hair.  Morgan took the time during our consultation to try and figure out exactly what I wanted and then executed it beautifully.  I do not typically trust anyone to do my color for me on my first time in the chair, but I told her that I wanted to do something different and she helped me to change it up.  Not only did she do an amazing job, but she is a true delight to sit with.  She is bubbly and highly conversation and so do not expect ackward silences.  Thank you again Morgan and I will see you next month!!!
5	Morgan is absolutely amazing so I wanted to update the Yelp world so that everyone knows!  She has completely transformed my look since I have been her client over the last year.  She encourages me to try new things and took my blonde hair to a gorgeous ombre (darker blonde and a little out of my comfort zone) and has recently brought me back blonde and added extensions to give me my dream hair as my wedding day approaches.  Morgan is phenomenal at choosing just the right blonde to best highlight your skin tone.  The best part is that the extensions look so completely natural that even the people that I see everyday like my co-workers comment that I look great without realizing that I ever added them to supplement my own hair.  The hair she uses is of great quality and the way she matches color and blends the hair leaves me in awe.  The best decision that I have ever made was to have Morgan put in my extensions rather than a wedding specialist who recommended a clip in for my special day.  Now I will have this beautiful long hair to help me achieve this look on a more regular basis.  On top of her professionalism and talent as a stylist, Morgan is the most friendly and sweet person on the face of the earth and has truly become one of my friends.  Thank you Morgan for making me feel like a million bucks every time I leave your chair!!!
