4	Best Wok has been serving great Chinese food here for many, many years. I've worked down the street about 500 yards for 30 years, so I've eaten here a lot. I probably grab lunch here at least two or three times a month. It's very consistent.The staff is family, and most of the same folks seem to have been there consistently since it opened.This is a quick place for a lunch, or for take-out. I nearly always order mixed vegetables with chicken added, but I'll occasionally surprise the lady at the register and have their special of the day, or Cashew Chicken, or Moo Goo Gai Pan, or a steamed veggie entree. (They know my face as a bartender would, and usually start rattling off my order before I do!)They have great egg rolls and crispy chicken wings, and they will cook your food the way you like it. No MSG? Check. Less oil? Check. Hotter or milder spices? Check. Just ask. Atmosphere is early cheap lunch booth, and seating space is limited, which is probably why they do such a great take-out business. I just go there for the food, which I crave as a guilty pleasure.
3	Two and 1/2 starsChinese comfort food, grandma would approve.Yu Shiang Scallops are not bad, pan fried dumplings are dark brown on only one side, the other two sides are mushy, Moo Shu Pork was pretty good but it only included 3 pancakes and it had none of the greens and veggies I expect with it, the fried rice is ok but far from the best (even for take out) Hunan Pork is ok but bland, nothing is spicy in spite of what the menu claims and everything shares a sameness. to it's taste.Through the window I can see 4 guys working the woks ( Chef Tien works alone) yet the kitchen is not too swift. I haven't tried any of the specials since I don't like to pay restaurant prices for take-out but the regular menu is reasonably priced.
5	This is my favorite Chinese in Charlotte, i lived 24 years in new jersey i should know a little bit about chinese food. They have the best house special fried rice and the sesame chicken is full white meat chicken breast good plus. They have a good seafood mix call happy family.
5	Best Wok is my favorite Chinese place in Charlotte. A bold claim, as I've been to at least a dozen American Chinese restaurants just in east and south Charlotte alone, but I always come back to this one. Everything tastes just as it should, high quality ingredients, large portions, and its never bland. The moo shu pork is fantastic and their sesame chicken is always crispy without having globs of excess batter. And their lunch combos are enough for two meals. I really can't praise them enough and as Amanda said, if you're not in the mood to wait for a table at New Zealand next door, Best Wok is worth it.
4	This is the best Chinese food we've had since leaving NYC 4 years ago and living in many cities since.  It's amazingly delicious and fresh.  Don't be fooled by the appearance, it looks like a place you would want to walk right by, but because other Yelp users said it was so good, we decided to ignore the appearance and went it.  We are so very glad we did.  It's amazing.  We had the dumplings, sesame chicken and the orange chicken.  Everything we had was outstanding.  We will be back often.
4	We ordered take out last evening from Best Wok.  We had orange chicken, hunan chicken, and sesame beef.  All off the selections were very good.  My selection was the sesame beef which was good, but I did not expect the beef to be breaded.   The menu didn't disclose that fact, but I did order that selection.  Next time, I will order another one of the spicy beef selections.  I am not opposed to returning again in the future, when I am back in town.
4	Pretty good carry out...generous portions, quickly prepared (within 10 minutes of calling) and overall delicious for the generic Chinese take-out restaurant.
5	Best Wok provides some of the best fast food in Charlotte and for a really low price. As someone who has eaten at Best Wok hundreds of times, I can honestly say they provide the best and most affordable Chinese food in Charlotte. I recommend their sesame chicken, which is always crispy and perfectly sweet.
5	If you love chicken and broccoli this is definitely hands down the best place you can get it. Their egg rolls are simply amazing and up to date I have not found a better egg roll! Eat here and you will get addicted to it!
3	Recently stopped in for lunch.  Had the General's chicken with the chicken wings.  At least something different from the usual lunch specials with the egg roll.   The food was fine, but nothing to make me go back.  My friend had the sweet & sour pork & wasn't too pleased with the pork.  The people were very friendly though.
4	I think my heart may break if we don't find a place that will deliver good Chinese food soon.  I wish Best Wok delivered, they would make a fortune I am sure.  Their food is fantastic.  They are right next to New Zealand Cafe and given my review of that place we should have gone next door to Best Wok for some fabulous food instead.  They have great prices.  Everything is cooked to perfection and it's super fast!  They are very kind and welcoming, not really a go-in-and-sit-and-eat kind of place, more of a takeout place, which is what we do anyway.  I only wish wish wish they would invest in some delivery guys/girls.  That would basically complete my life in regards to Chinese food.
4	When I have a Chinese food craving this is the place I go. They're quick, and delicious! I love getting the sesame chicken from here with their spring rolls.
5	Very good food! The sesame chicken is perfect. I've also tried the beef and broccoli. Their fried rice and noodles are perfect. It seems like they actually care about the food that they make. Their cook time is very fast compared to other places. Portions are smaller than other Chinese fast good restaurants but the quality is much better. Very clean environment.  Very nice workers. In a very convenient location. I wish they would deliver!
