3	Drive through mexican food is truly 100% Natural. We went through the drive through and while it did take a little bit of time to get our food it was defiantly fresh.Drinks? The Watermelon and Cantaloupe drinks are exactly that, juiced up Watermelon and Cantaloupe juice! Tacos were authentic, non greasy and made with quality ingredients. Decent meal
5	It was less than 15 minutes to close when i pulled into the drive.  The woman who helped me was so nice, more than good customer service nice, i could tell she was a really nice lady. I read about the fruit juices on yelp and needed to try them, but couldn't decide which one. she asked if i wanted a sample. i was expecting a little dixie cup of juice, so i ordered a bean and cheese burrito, came with chips and salsa and watermelon juice, with a sample of the pineapple juice.  When my order came I was so surprised at the gargantuan bean burrito, bag of crispy, salty tortilla chips, watermelon AND pineapple juice, no dixie cup in sight. My friend had a horchata, so we were able to sample three of their juices and they were all very good. The burrito's tortilla was flakey and chewy and perfect, a very generous portion for only $3.00. Really fresh ingredients and excellent quality.The horchata has a different but very good texture, it feels almost powdery but in a pleasant way (more enjoyable than the watery, waxy, or shake-like sugary sweet horchatas at some of the more generic places around town). I ordered the drinks without ice, the horchata and pineapple could do well with light ice next time but i liked the watermelon without.  I sat their after my meal, delightfully sipping away at the pineapple until i heard a slurp which snapped me out of a food coma. I was not dreaming, this place is fantastic.
4	I know I've eaten here three times this week--it's on my way home from work and its good.  I usually drive through or pick up and go, but last night i stayed and had dinner there.I ordered a veggie bowl with mango salsa and jalapeno, and a watermelon juice. The food here is great, really flavorful and not dripping with grease. The staff is nice and friendly.  It's almost everything i want. (*you can skip to the bottom if you like)The tortilla shell my veggie bowl came in was red and tasted almost like a saltine--had a different texture than what i expected, but was really good.  I thought the color might be red food dye, but its not that vibrant-- which makes me think it could be a natural tomato based coloring. I can't really know for sure. If it is, i wont be eating their tortilla shells anymore.  If not, the rating could go back up to 5 stars just for that. The watermelon juice is so good, i wonder if they put sugar in it.  They had a strawberry juice which was pepto bismal pink and had milk in it. I feel 100% natural should mean no added sugar ( and especially no added milk)  to my juice.  If anything, perhaps if the fruit isn't sweet enough, some agave or another natural sweetener. I'm also not sure how i feel about the large jugs with a ladle hanging inside.  I'm sure its clean enough for other people but i have a thing about germs.Ive been working a lot and don't have time to grocery shop let alone cook healthy meals.  My diet normally consists of mostly whole grains, vegetables, fruits and beans. Lately, with all my crazy work hours, I barely have time to eat, let alone make anything, so i have to pick up lunch/dinner somewhere.  I would love it if this place could assure me that 100% of their food is natural and unprocessed.  If that is their claim, i want to be sure.  I'm almost sure most of the food is natural as they claim, it tastes great and is better for me than taco bell. However, if the name of the place is 100% natural, it should exceed my expectations of what 100% natural means. Whenever I'ved asked about ingredients or what is in something i get really vague answers or none at all. It seems like they might be closer to 90% natural, but who knows.  This is still a great place in the south east/green valley area to have good and healthy mexican food. *if dining-in, beware of the oddly slanted benches. I would stick to the chairs and save your back some grief.
3	100% natural + pineapple juice kind of sold me on a visit here after reading Krystal's reviews. I just had to get my hands on some of that fresh juice!100% natural may really be less natural than that. The pineapple juice while definitely fresh because of the pulp in it, had sugar added. I'm not saying it wasn't good...it was not 100% natural. It was also $1.29 for a small so my wallet was happy. They have a watermelon juice that also looks pretty delish and a strawberry that does not look too legit to me. It was milky pink...as Krystal C. says spot on: "PeptoBismol" They also serve Horchata. The store is big, clean and well decorated and seems to be a rather popular lunch spot. Also, they have a drive through and are open till 10 pm on most days and 11 pm on Fri/Sat. The menu of 100% Natural is pretty extensive although I would think adding more veggie friendly dishes on the menu might be smart because a name like "100% Natural" would probably attract people like me (vegetarians). Lots of burritos, tacos, tortas, a couple of enchiladas, chimichangas etc. I was only able to see a couple of vegetarian entrees in the board : veggie burrito/bowl and a cheese enchilada. I ordered the bowl. The fried tortilla shell it came in was good and a bright red in color. The avocados in the bowl was in the form of guacamole. I assumed from the pictures in the store as well as on Yelp that they would be whole pieces which I thought would have been a little better. The bowl came with an overload of lettuce (rather wilted) and a very small helping of cheese and sour cream. The veggie fajita mix in the bowl was delicious. There was a small amount of a rice/bean mixture at the bottom of the bowl that I was really not a fan of. For 7 dollars, I thought I would get something a bit more substantial. The meal came with chips and there is a salsa bar with greens and reds. What was a little disconcerting is when I asked the cashier if the salsas were vegetarian (sometimes the green salsas have chicken fat or something in them) he said they were and then proceeded to add that there were no hormones and "things like that" in the salsa. Maybe he was trying to be helpful and extolling the 100% naturalness of the place but I got the vibe that he had been trained to say that about everything. The food here was definitely not greasy and tasted good. But for the price and the fixings, I think my choice (shudder...as this is a chain restaurant) would be Chipotle for the next burrito bowl.  I would definitely stop by their drive through for the Pineapple and Watermelon Fruit Ice. Oh, and their tables are pretty! I love their mosaic tile and will be exploring such tiles for my kitchen backsplash.
3	Our workplace was slightly abuzz about this new Mexican joint down the street. Everyone heard about the "free" chicken or steak bowl or burrito deal. I say "free" because it's free with the purchase of a drink and chips. How much do said drink and chips cost? A non-trivial $5.82!!!I won't complain too much. That's a good price for basically a full meal. I just think it's trickery. Anyway, the steak bowl was pretty darn good. Very fresh tasting and delicious overall. Unfortunately, the horchata I had was sub-par. I'm not sure how most places make horchata, but theirs seems like it comes from some sort of powder mix. I felt like I had gulps of undissolved horchata powder. So much for 100% Natural.As for the chips, no wonder the meal almost costs $6! They give you a humongous bag of tortilla chips. Taste-wise, they were pretty standard. I went through the drive-thru, so I'm not sure about their salsa bar situation, but if I had known they would give so many chips, I would have gone inside and gotten more salsa.I suppose I'll give this place another try some time down the road. After all, I'm always clamoring for more lunch options.
4	You can tell that they are using fresh ingredients that are of higher quality than their competition's.  I've tried a few of the tortas.  All have been good.  Try the fish tacos.  Dressed up w/a few different salsas, onions, fresh tomatoes and slices of avacado, they have been consistent, fresh and sufficiently sized to fit the 2.99 pricetag.  I recommend going in over the drive-thru, as they have a tendency to throw in a bag of tortilla chips with your order after they see you load up on a few of the salsa bar selections, which vary.  You have some time to browse the salsa bar as everything is made to order.  The staff has always been friendly.  Several times, they have been over the top friendly and accommodating, throwing in samples of various items.
4	This morning, 11am :) , I woke up feeling HUNGRY. I am new to Las Vegas and still don't know all "the spots" to get a good meal so I left the house and decided to take a drive and see what I could find. I stumbled upon this restaurant's "100% natural" signs and I love mexican food so I gave it a try. The first thing that I noticed was the service. I had the owner helping me and he was very friendly. The girl making the food in back shot me a smile too and that always makes people feel welcome. It took me a minute to look over the menu and decide, since it all sounded really good. I used to eat Carnitas de puerco at the mex restaurant in OKC all the time so this is what I chose and I couldn't have been more satisfied. The food was so good I didn't even notice until just now that I didn't get any shredded cheese with my meal. I don't know if that is standard or an accident but It's alright. They have 3 very tasty salsas too choose from, one red with a roasted look to it and 2 green...one seemed blended with avocados because it was really creamy and the other a more traditional salsa verde. There was cilantro, onions, and pico with the salsa bar too. It only took a few minutes to get my food and I dove right in. I should say that this isn't realllyyy a restaurant. It is kind of fast food, but with quality ingredients that you want to eat slowly and enjoy, a perfect place for anybody's lunch break. Before I left I asked the owner if he had heard of Yelp.com. He said he had and would like to be on it but he hasnt been able to because he has mostly been working on his business and sleeping....I told him I was going to put him on it with a good review. I bet he would be happy to learn that he is INDEED on here and there are already quite a few good reviews. I was getting more salsa when I asked him this and when I sat back down an old couple came in the door, they must be regulars because the owner recognized them, asked them about their family and if they wanted their "usual order". Like I said, GREAT customer service. I like these people, I enjoyed their food and I will probably be back a few times a week to try everything on the menu. FYI, they have soups too including loaded bake potato....this would make my girlfriend very happy :) Thanks 100%! Keep up the good work and I'm sure you will be very successful.
4	3.75 stars because 100% Natural Mexican Grill is one of the better taquerias in town.This place understands the first rule of a great taqueria: Use Fresh Ingredients.  And they offer that in spades.  We ordered the chicken burrito and mahi mahi tacos.  The burrito came with dripping fresh pico inside, freshly cooked and seasoned rice (with a nice spice to it), as well as delicious and soft refried beans.  The tacos?  Well, the mahi mahi came topped with fresh cabbage, tomatoes, and avocados, yum!  Simple and fresh goes a long way to creating a great taco or burrito.  They've got that part down pat.The second rule of a great taqueria: Treat Your Protein with Respect.  Meaning: use quality meats and fishes, season the protein before cooking so that it takes in some flavor, and don't insult the protein by overcooking it.  This place scores again under this second rule.  The chicken in the chicken burrito was wonderfully seasoned and tender.  Seriously good.  I mean, I'm talking about a taqueria with a drive-thru and praising the quality of its seasoned chicken.  In the world of taquerias, 100% Natural offers a pretty amazing chicken.  The mahi mahi was similarly fresh and had more seasoning than we would have expected.  And unlike the normal fish taco place, 100% Natural doesn't deep fry the fish, instead offering mahi mahi properly cooked in a pan.  The sauce they use on the fish tacos takes a little getting used to.  It's spicy and I love that, but pretty sweet as well.  It threw me for a loop for awhile and I wasn't sure whether or not I liked it.  After finishing off the tacos, I am tentatively pro-sweet and spicy.100% Natural also offers some salsa bar options.  They have a variety of red salsas.  But who cares?  They have two varieties of tomatillo salsa--roasted tomatillo salsa and creamy tomatillo salsa.  I have to say the creamy tomatillo was surprisingly spicy--and I loved it.  And all of this earned 100% Natural Mexican Grill a solid 4 stars.Sigh.  Point subtraction time:The taqueria loses .25 of a point based on their seriously bad papaya juice.  It tasted like they had mixed feta cheese into the juice to produce a salty and almost moldy aftertaste.  Wow, it was bad.  So bad that I had to take a day off after drinking it just to remember how good their food was.  But other people on here have loved some of their fruit juices, so I'm only docking .25 of a point.
4	You had me at free warm chips and salsa bar. This place is almost perfect in my eyes although the Horchata needs some serious work. They also seem to have late hours AND a drive thru. Pretty damn good food to get in a drive thru if you ask me. I ordered a Carne Asada burrito and a large Horchata. The Burrito was around 5 bucks, but they give you free chips and they have an excellent salsa bar to accompany them. The burrito surprised me by having beans and rice mixed with the meat unlike other joints. It was still delicious and the meat was tender and flavorful and I didn't have one piece of grizzle. Refreshing since almost every burro I get from Roberto's has at least one piece of meat I have to gracefully spit out. This burrito was heaven. The restaurant is clean and has plenty of room to eat comfortably. I did also try their homemade pineapple juice which I will be ordering on my next visit which is tonight!
2	This is only in reference to the veggie burrito:  Stick with the meats.  The Veggie burrito costs more than the fish and equal to the other meats (wha???), but serves up less... The beans are flavorful, but other than that it's just the boring standards, too much rice, a few slices of peppers and onions, some cheese, and a couple shreds of lettuce... I wish I had paid less and grabbed the mahi-mahi again...
4	I have been here several times; however I have only tried the chicken Nachos.  It seems to me the ingredients they use are very "natural" and fresh.  The chicken taste pretty good and has a little bit of spice to it.  They also have a salsa bar with about 3 salsa options, clilantro, onions etc.  Service has always been pretty good.  They generally ask if I want free chips and salsa which is an added bonus.  Maybe a little over priced for some items, but I think the quality of food is probably a little better then other mexican places that offer the same selections.
