1	garbage!!!
1	I went there. Was told that I would make $80k to start after earning my degree and that they have a list of people waiting to hire their graduates. The classes were rushed, they have since changed things, but I feel that that means they admit I got a sub-par education. One of the teachers had literally no idea of what he was talking about (the introductory class, he didn't know what long division was). So then there was the history teacher with an ego and attitude the size of Arizona. Then there was the Math teacher who had a doctorate and literally told us that the college algebra was simple and it's our fault that we were having difficulty even though some of us hadn't been in a math class in 15-20 years. My favorite, my pastry chef with Diabetes. For those who don't know, Diabetes effect your moods. So quite often we were not only being yelled at, but graded according to her mood. She had me so upset, I had to take a leave of absense to get a break from her.They hold onto the Le Cordon Bleu name, but don't uphold the quality of the reputation. And when I needed an externship to finish my degree, their version of help was giving me a list of job sites (non of which were industry specific). After the externship, not only was there not a line of emploers waiting to hire us, but they stopped taking our calls in the job assistance department. They have since cut our access to the private website which as Ulumni, we were suppose to able to access for life. We don't even get invited to events that we were told we wouldI now watch children from my home to support my family and the school who claimed to be so wonderful has done nothing for my life. I now work in the industry on the side, but don't even make my loan payments with the money I make. Get a job washing dishes at a restaurant or bakery if you have to. Work your way up, my degree is a pretty decoration that I paid over $55K for
1	-5 stars. This place is a total scam!!! SCAM SCAM!! I went here until I realized it was a scam. No real education. They just want your money and don't give a crap about the students. You will get in debt with loans and trust me, you will make nothing and have a crappy job after. Stay away. If you want to learn how to cook, get a job in a kitchen and work your way up. No need for this BS school. Stay away at all costs. It is not worth it. You will loose going here. I was lucky and only took a few classes before bailing. They tried real hard to get me to come back but I refused. I graduated previously with a BS in advertising from NAU. I know a good education and I know a scam one I see one. They pushed me through their student finical aid department, I got a loan in 5 minutes. Did not realize until later it was at 13%. Luckily my dad came to save me and paid off the loan so I would not have to pay $100K for a 13K loan. This place is just bad news. Chef's are morons here. I only had 2 that were worth a damn! The rest were idiots! Sure they know what they are talking about but they could care less. Do what I said and if you want to cook, get a job in a kitchen and work your way up. Cheaper and faster. By the time you blow $35K on this BS you will have money in your pocket and a career. If you go through This crap hole you will be broke and in debt forever with no real job.
1	crap OVER PRICED education. Worst mistake ive ever made was getting into debt to go here.
5	I make almost $70,000/year after graduating.  You only get out of this what you put into it. I suggest getting a cooking job, before you take the plunge and think you're going to be the next Chef Ramsey just because you went to cooking school.  This is only for serious, dedicated, and passionate people that are ready to work 60-80 hours a week to get to the top.
5	I didn't personally attend here but my brother did and he now has an amazing job at as the head chef of FANG and makes nearly 90k. It is true what people say, he had to work his butt off pulling all nighters in the kitchen, mastering recipes and techniques. Even then, after graduating he started as a line cook to earn his stripes but would not have been able to had he not attended this school, and mastered the curriculum...he wouldn't have been able to prove himself upon entering the door. You get what you give in. There are no shortcuts to life.
