5	Best. Wing night. Ever.How could there not already be a review for this place?Angelia's Italian Grille is not in a place that's really convenient for me.  Yet it is still a place to which I return almost religiously every Tuesday night, with a good friend of mine.  "But why, Dave? Why is this the best wing night ever?"  $7 all-you-can-eat wings.+$2 Yuengling.___  $9 ticket to happiness before tip (and make sure you tip well!)Their wings are above reproach.  They're not those annoying, hard-to-pull-apart, full wings, but they're also not those tiny little how-will-this-ever-satisfy-me wing dings either.  They're separated for your convenience, and meaty for the protein-hungry caveman inside you.The flavor selection is not wide, and there's nothing there that even comes close to satisfying my need for sheer burning spiciness, but all you really need are the hot garlic parmesan.  Never have I had a wing with a better blend of full, cheesy-spicy-garlicky flavor than the hot garlic parmesan.  If you actually find a way to tire of those (sometimes it's all I order,) the barbecue and cajun flavors are nearly as orgasmic.Of course, what I like the best is the cost.  Even on the tightest recent-graduate budget, Tuesday night at Angelia's is affordable.Normally at this stage of the review, I list downsides.  But I can't think of any.And then the "downsides" part is followed by a call-to-action.  I'll see you there next Tuesday.No really, I'll be there.  You should, too.
2	Typical bar food nothing special. The bar is small and have been there a handful of times and the bar service is so lousy.   I have never had a fun time because of the service and always think twice before going back.
2	I hate to be a jerk and usually will keep my mouth shut if I have nothing good to say but the price you pay for a "medium" pizza is outrageous.  The average size of the slices were no bigger than a chicken wing, I'm not even being dramatic, check out the picture.  We ordered a medium spinach pizza and 12 garlic parm wings.  The wings were ok but slightly over cooked and didn't have much flavor.  Like I mentioned before the pizza was pretty much personal sized.  The only reason it's getting two stars is because the flavor was actually decent.
