5	[Otherwise known as E Squared]I'm so incredibly glad that coffee is back on this side of campus! It's a perfect combination of location and offerings: great coffee and tea drinks, light/local cuisine.Nice place, great service!
4	When I saw that ASU had decided to put in a hotdog stand within sight of my office window, I became concerned for my arteries.  Luckily, however, they also put in E2.  E2, I believe, means the second incarnation of the Engrained restaurant in ASU's MU building, which focuses on local and organic healthy foods.  E2 takes up the same mantra, but offers less (due to its size and focus on speed).In the what has become my crisis of conscience corner, I have reluctantly chosen E2 over the hotdog place every time.  Devil be damned.I'm afraid that the food at E2 isn't all that stellar however.  I have enjoyed the morning yogurt, but they do over sweeten it a bit.  That's not to my taste, but they will probably sell a ton of it to frappachino types.  The sandwiches I've had have been premade, making the bread a bad texture from refrigeration and the bottom layer always soggy from the dressing they use.  The drinks here are great, as are the pastries.  The green tea is delicious and keeps me going for hours.  4 stars because I applaud the attempt to make campus healthier, but not 5 because I feel like the menu design is all talk and not actually tested on a daily basis.
2	When this place first opened, I was ALL ABOUT IT.Their chai is so legit and that coupled w/ their SUPER CHEAP and SUPER BOMB hummus plate - my poor college student self was good to go (It was $3, a great deal for the amount you got... especially when you're on the all M&G meal plan like I am). I was the happiest kid on campus.Then I walk in one day and see that they switched their wondrously soft pita for what I can only guess is a disgusting piece of extremely stale and disgustingly dry triangle piece of tortilla that felt like it had been sitting in the sun for years. My heart broke.E^SQUARED! If you're reading this, switch back to the old pita! If not... I'm afraid I'll have to go back to my usual diet of chunky strawberry yogurt/oatmeal blends at Jamba Juice.Where can an ASU student get some healthy food that actually tastes good on campus?!?!?
4	Delicious
3	So this place is very convenient for me due to its proximity to my classes. I like to get the soup here and think it's a good deal for lunch (4$ for a bowl of soup and a roll). Most of the soups have been good.... minestrone and potato were really good, but the black bean and pumpkin was pretty gross. Also, I got a sandwich here a few months ago and the bread was really chewy and the sandwich was inedible. It was goat cheese and some other things.... which I love, but the bread was terrible! However, their sandwiches now look like they use different breads and actually look a lot more appetizing. Their coffee is alright, but I'd rather go to the coffee shop in the design building (for happy hour!), but yesterday I got a sangria iced tea.... delicious! I will definitely be getting that again. It's tea (black or green) with chopped up apple, orange, and some strawberry (?) juice or something... anyway it tasted great! Anyway, my experiences have been mixed so they get three stars.
2	This place is extremely overpriced for what you get. I was really excited when it first opened, but after eating there two or three times, it's lost its novelty, and I see it for what it really is: overpriced and boring. The vegetarian sandwich is nothing that you can't get at the convenience stores inside the Memorial Union for a bit less.
3	Meh. Okay, let me start this off by stating that I have an inexorable optimism for healthy options on campus. All I want is something cheap, made with love, that my body will love. I am well aware that, generally speaking, love isn't cheap. So I'm willing to pay the price, if it's worth it. E2 isn't worth it, folks.My first few experiences at E2 were upwards of 4-5 stars; I stuck with the tofu satay wrap and lemon bar option. As I branched out, I realized that I wasn't getting the bang that I wanted for my hard earned bucks. The southwest succotash is delicious, don't get me wrong! But honestly, I didn't just pay seven dollars for twenty kernels of corn, twelve lima beans, and five spicy poky leaves that feel like hairballs in my throat. I mean, really? I don't want your froo froo leaves taking up 60% my meal space.I won't be purchasing a meal from E2 again. However, I will die for their lemon bars and chocolate chip cookies. The lemon bars are a moist graham cracker crust layered with gooey lemon and topped off with drizzled white chocolate. For $1.98. Yes. Please. And their chocolate chip cookies? 72% chocolate chip, 28% cookie, easily. My chocolate fix will always be satiated at E2. Even through my frustrations with the meal portion to expense ratio, I will return to E2 because my sweet tooth tells me to do so. Lemon bars and chocolate chip cookies that delicious just have to be made with love, right?
3	Good here is pretty good if you are a sandwich salad type person.  However the prices are high for the portions.  They make a pretty bomb grilled brussle sprout salad though.  Also, be sure to drop by between class change times, otherwise you'll be stuck in a HUGE line.
4	Their butternut squash and kale salad is to die for.  I love that they serve their other stuff on beds of lettuce, as we all need more greens in our diet.  The only real drawback is the long lines.
4	I am so glad that this place is literally right outside my office.  They offer a great selection of teas and coffee drinks. Their menu is not extensive, but they do offer some tasty and healthy options for salads and sandwiches. Their cranberry apple chicken salad is SO good. Everyone in my office is addicted and we all get it at least once a week. I like that you have the option to eat it with bread or over fresh greens. Go early because it gets quite packed for lunch and they begin to sell out of items. They also serve cookies, brownies, and muffins, which I have not had, but I heard they were also delish. This place is not super cheap, but it's worth it to me to have healthier lunch options and to not have to leave campus for lunch or a coffee run.
1	E2 was great until a few months ago when I noticed their lattes started tasting like there was no espresso in them.  I mentioned this 3 times and it never got fixed so I stopped going.  Stopped in recently to see if they'd fixed it and got a latte that was basically steamed milk and vanilla.  When I asked about it the girl drew me another "double" shot and it was about 2/3 the size of a single shot.  Looks like their machine is not calibrated to measure out shots correctly or (and I hope not) they are purposefully shafting customers on the amount of espresso they put in their drinks.  If I'm going to pay $5 for a latte, it needs to be made correctly!  Get on it guys!
