4	It's nice to see that over the last couple of years, the face of Lothian Road has been improving, albeit slowly.  YummiTori is latest addition and hopefully not the last.I had bought an Itison voucher, which entitled us to 7 tapas style dishes to share between 2 and a cocktail each.  We arrived on time and were told to choose where to sit. The staff were very lovely. We ordered and all dishes came very quickly.  For cocktail, I had a 'Sake Cruz' and  my companion had a 'Honshu cocktail'.  They were both very yummy and certainly put us in the mood for some birthday celebrations that evening !  All dishes were very lovely and hot, and we got complimentary crispy seaweed salad from the chef, which was a very nice gesture.The staff were very attentive.  I have said this in another review but it is nice to be treated like a normal customer even though you have a voucher. I like this modern concept of a Japanese 'tapas' bar and will definitely go back to try a different menu and try another one of those delicious cocktails!
3	Yummy yummy in my tummy, Yummy Tori. Yup.I came to YummyTori with the itison voucher that was doing the rounds - 7 options from Set Menu C, and two cocktails. We stuck to this, without the need to order much else, but I'd love to return and order whatever tickles my fancy. Like the Moo Moo Noodles (I love the name).So, what was on Set Menu C? Some chicken balls, and chicken skewers, and potatos wrapped in pork, and asparagus wrapped in pork, and a cherry blossom margarita. Yep you read that right.I love that with Japanese food, the small plates of food come out one by one, so you can begin eating and enjoy good conversation over the tasty food without scoffing it all at once. Even though each plate was small, and shared between two, after 7 I felt comfortably full and really didn't need anything else (apart from a white russian from Lebowskis round the corner after. But that's for the sake of a white russian.)The meat was freshly grilled and had that lovely charcoal taste. The pork wrapped (or 'rolled' as it says on the menu) nibbles like potato and asparagus were really delicious, although quite salty. The sauce the raw cabbage came with was really tasty too, still trying to work out exactly what was in it. And the cocktails were actually really well made, not something you'd expect from somewhere that isn't dedicated to good mixology.On a Tuesday night it was only 1/3 full and as quite a big restaurant, I would say the lack of bustle and busy-ness, coupled with the bizarre mix of Britney Spears, Eurythmics and Fleetwood Mac on the stereo, led to a slightly quieter ambience than perhaps suits the place. I was very happy in my own wee conversation and table, but as a whole I think I'd enjoy it here more on a Friday night when it's busier.So I think I'll be back, I'll try more food and then I'll probably be upping those stars.
2	Complicated menu / set deals and I asked our waitress to talk us through the options as it was our first time there, "just have what you want" was the response. Not exactly helpful.Cheap ingredients used like long life tofu rather than the fresh stuff left us under whelmed, didn't even stay for desert.  At no point did anyone ask how our food was? Best bit about it was the Japanese beer.Won't be going back.
4	Very very and very nice food. Like always Japanese food is refreshing and just enough rather then the need for a friend to roll you home feeling. I liked how the couple of the place including the waitresses took turn to serve the meals. The place looked just like I hoped it would, with a long bar table just where they prep the dishes.  This time I was there with the best company and will indeed come back for a lunch and watch them cook as I enjoy the food again.
3	As a die hard wagamama fan I was reluctant to try something else, especially when you know what you're getting at wagas! I'm really glad I did!Yummytori has a really friendly vibe to it, you're welcomed by the chefs and staff when you arrive and waved goodbye when you leave, a nice touch, but were here for the food, right, so lets get to it!There's a few yummy Japanese dishes on the menu,  but I found that it's really hard to pin them down as the menu is quite hard to decipher. My advise would be to do the un British thing and get the waitress to explain the dishes to you!I went for a bento box, with chicken skewers, sweet potato tempura, chicken mince balls, and salad, followed by a desert, all in for around a tenner.The food was tasty, and the miso soup was one of the best I've tasted. I did feel a little underwhelmed by the salad in terms of the offer, and the dressing had a strong wasabi taste to it. This isn't a problem if you love the stuff, but it seems to knock my breath away, so I steer clear.My partner had a chicken udon which was a little on the bland side, but still tasty enough.  The portion size was really big so we struggled to finish it.Atmosphere wise, a little quiet for our taste, possibly due to the weather, but it mean that the food was out really quickly, which in our fast food world, is a plus, for me anyway!My advice - get the waitress to explain the menu, order a bento and enjoy the japanese atmosphere.I'd certainly give this place another try and possibly up those stars!
3	A nice idea but doesn't quite convert on flavour. Came here thanks to the itison deal, hoping for some tasty Japanese food. The dumplings were amazing. We ordered more. Everything else was pretty average. Given the choice of tasty dumpling places, I doubt I'll come here again but you could do worse!  fairly cheap if i recall
2	My boyfriend and I were there for dinner last Thursday for a quick dinner.  - The staff were friendly, the service was quick, comfortable and trendy dining room, and the food was nicely presented.  However all our dishes lacked flavour, except for the salad which was overloaded with strong wasabi dressing.   The dishes were also expensive for the servicing size.  .... Lost potential at the moment.  I suggest bringing in an experienced Japanese chef.
4	We went here on the Amazon Local Voucher deal. This is a Yakatori Japanese food restaurant and no sushi insight! We choose several dishes and a sake flight. I cannot recall all the names of the wonderful tasty dishes, but remember that I had prawn tempura, some prawns on a stick wrapped in seaweed. Garlic rice. Oh and 2 helpings of  edamame - very very nice indeed.  In fact we had ordered so many dishes that we had to move to a bigger table. The service is really good, efficient and friendly. I think I need to go back and take better stock of what we had and try one of those Bento boxes too. They have free WiFi too boot. Recommended!
4	Really thought a fabulous place. The food and prices superb. I was a little disgruntled that we were never given menus. A blip by buser that seated us. So we took menus off next  newly set table. A different buser set this table and never asked if we were ok. We would have said "we've no menu. "It wasn't busy yet. MmmmmOnce our waitress came in a red apron all was brilliant. Sincere friendly fast and dead efficient. One more thing. Tin music. Awful. Thought I was inside a bad oriental disco. And too loud. But I enjoyed my tofu and the other dish of mushroom. I'll get lichen juice next time. I'll definitely return.
3	I am erring on the side of generous and giving this place 3 stars.. if I could do 2.5.. I would...Had dinner here tonight out of curiosity and convenience due to proximity to D's new office.We were seated promptly, given menus.... then.... pretty much left to our own devices for about 10 mins... they then took our food and drink order... and about 5 mins later our first dish appeared... (yeay!) then more food... although they failed to clear the empty plates away.. or would take away one empty plate when there were three on the table... whisky.tango.foxtrot. is all that about??? Then, about three quarters of the way through our meal, we finally got our drinks...Even when I blatantly got my water bottle out of my bag and started drinking from it, noone came over to offer us water or make any apology that we didn't have any drinks... The food isn't bad.. all pretty tasty... nothing overly spectacular.. (the prawn wrapped in seaweed, wrapped in bacon skewer was a fairly strange flavour combo...) but the service was absolutely abysmal... For the price point, I think I'd rather go to wagamama down the road.. Summary: Food - good, service - terrible, drinks - ok.. Not in any hurry to go back.
2	YummyTori is one of my fav places but was sadly let down last Friday evening through very very very slow service. Food as ever was yes yummy (bento box set meal is a great deal ) but c'mon you guys can do better!
3	Went here after spotting a Groupon and fancied giving it a go. Being GF, I'd decided to go groupon (cheaper) so that if it wasn't great for gluten free then I hadn't lost much.There are gluten free options - they do tend not to come with sauce which might be an issue for some. It was pretty quiet when we were in so service was pretty efficient.Foodwise we ordered both gluten free and non gluten free options - staff will advise what can be adapted. Loved the calamari (complete with gf batter) with wasabi mayo - I'd probably order 3 portions of this if I went again and be perfectly happy. My friend ordered some battered prawns and a pork dish and pronounced it amazing (non gf) and a salmon dish which came with onions instead of noodles was delish. There were other bits and pieces too - no disrespect to the food here, it was just exhaustion that I couldn't remember what we ordered, even as it arrived at the table!So - there are GF options, though the whole no sauce thing does make you feel like you are missing out. If this was a groupon again I'd go, but I wouldn't necessarily go and pay full price...
4	Went to Yummy Tori for lunch & wasn't disappointed- service was good, food was nice (especially the miso soup). The menu hasn't got a great deal of choice for the small plates, if you're a vegetarian for example, you'll probably struggle to find much. Most dishes were izakaya type food, I had okonomiyaki, takoyaki, Gyoza & miso soup. They do a version of onigiri on a stick which I didn't try. They were making up bento boxes for takeaway lunches which I thought was really handy- a healthy takeaway lunch. I'd go again, it wasn't too pricey for a Japanese food fix!
4	Love this place. Fab fresh food at great prices and rather fab cocktails too. Bento box take out for lunch is fab too!!
4	I've eaten here a good few times and I have generally really enjoyed it. The BEnto boxes are what I'd normally get and they really are excellent value for money, especially for lunch. Lots of rice and a nice selection of skewers things which really did help out with the massive hunger I generally have on. Healthy tasty and fairly rapid. Only negatives are that the service while incredibly friendly always seems slightly slower than I'd like. Come here for a nice wee chillax and decent feed. Don't just expect sushi, expect japanese yum.
5	The food here is delicious! It's not your typical sushi Japanese place as it has no sushi! This place specializes in  yakitori, which is Japanese for grilled/bbqed skewers! They also have loads of other great dishes. Everything I've ever had the pleasure of trying was  tasty. I also love that the dishes offer generous servings. You can truly share what you are ordering. This gives you the option to try many different dishes! and the prices are spot on! Really good food for a great price, what else could you ask for!? I know, amazing drinks to go with your delicious food! Do not forget to check out the drinks menu! I had a mocktail to die for, the kiwi & elderflower refresher. OMG total amazingness. Definitely one of my go to places when I'm craving Japanese!
4	I like the food and haven't ever experienced bad service. There's plenty of options and while I've yet to try their cocktails they sound amazing. Using a premium benefits card (through work) I get 20% off the total bill so that includes drinks. At this price I really enjoy a meal here but the menu prices are a bit steep otherwise. The deals and sets aren't very clearly explained
