4	Always have a good variety at the Panda!They introduce a lot of new dishes too, which I often get to try free thanks to Facebook. I really like their shrimp dishes and usually anything with "spicy" in the name is good to go. A recent stand out was the pepper chicken. When their food is hot & fresh, it's very yummy and is not so bad the next day either!
2	Horrible food.  Orange chicken was over cooked, rice was undercooked, mushroom chicken was gross, like it had been sitting too long.  Service was great but food wasn't fit for a dog.  Will not go back.
2	It's alright. Food sometimes looks like its been in there for hours! Even at dinner time! I work next door so I come to GVR for dinner often. It's my least favorite option. Oh and if you like steak and shrimp expect to pay a $1 each for each item. And don't expect a good portion either. Pay extra for less! Give me a break. Capriottis or Fat Burger or Tropical Smoothie are much better options while visiting the food court at Green Valley Ranch Hotel & Casino.
3	The Green Valley Ranch Panda Express suffers from two flaws. Flaw 1: There is far better sit-down Chinese restaurants at comparable prices within a mile radius. They include New York Chinese Restaurant,  China Go Go, and China Tango. Flaw 2: Oftentimes this place suffers from one of the flaws of the Panda Express chain. This is the nearly empty and greasy food serving tray. This gives a very unfavorable impression and has resulted in me skipping over eating here a few times in the past.   The major strength of the Green Valley Ranch Panda Express has going for it is convenience. Green Valley Ranch is a hot spot of bars. People drink in bars and get buzzed to the point of not being able to safely operate a car. Panda Express is a decent option for this captive audience. It is also convenient for people who don't want to leave the casino or are going to the movies.  I used to be a fan of Panda Express. Yelp has enlightened me to all these Chinese restaurants that are better. I now see Panda Express as a fast food Chinese restaurant of convenience instead of worthy of a special trip.The 2013 Yelp 200 Challenge. Review 109.
3	Its Panda.  Its not real Chinese food, and the "Gourmet Chinese" sign made me giggle.Stopped by on Saturday early afternoon before a movie, and I wanted something tasty, and cheap.I tried the honey walnut shrimp, which was very good.  It was a little on the sweet side, which doesn't bother me too much, I like sweet.  The fried brown rice was good, and not too greasy, and the cream cheese wontons were my favorite, as usual.  I'm not a fan of their sweet and sour sauce for the wontons, but its not horrible.I'd recommend coming here as early as you can, as the food had a much better flavor early in the day than it usually does when I would go in the evenings.  You KNOW that the food is fresh, as they just opened.I think they skimp on the entrees, which sucks, especially when you're paying an extra $1.25 for the "premium" entrees, but...it is what it is.  Not too shabby.  Not my favorite either, but it will certainly do.
