5	Okay here's a little tip:  If you like blowing in and out of a hair salon with a buzz cut then don't bother...HOWEVER, if you like someone who is attentive to detail, meticulous, and thorough about your haircut then go see Veronica at this specific Fantastic Sams.  She really takes her time to do the job right and she's a wonderful person. I won't let anyone else cut my hair. She is a very sweet lady and she always gives me a Fantastic (excuse the pun) haircut.
1	Sad to say this shop fired my gal Veronica. I was disappointed but decided to try someone else there. The new girl was obviously high on something, incoherent, and did a lousy job on my hair. I won't be back. Stay away from these folks. They don't care about their employees and they don't care about their customers. I wondered why I always saw new people that I didn't recognize when I came to this shop. Now I know why. The management/ownership are cut throats that don't care about their employees. I'm taking my business elsewhere. Veronica if you're out there email me at dougshields1@cox.net and let me know where you're working now. Thanks!
5	Today I went back for a redo to get more layers. They did a great job and I am happy.
5	I was saying my son needed a haircut and not that he really cares, but his school likes all their students to be neat and well-groomed.  My son's normal hair cut place has been closed and I don't know when it will reopen, which she does a good job and it's reasonably priced at $8/cut as their regular price.  And it's conveniently located for us.Since that place has been closed now for 3 weeks and it doesn't look like they are in business anymore, I need to find another place that will do a good job on my son's hair and be reasonably priced.On the way to school today, we took a different route than normal and I saw this sign by the Safeway that had hair cuts on sale, so today after picking up the kids from school, we stopped by here.My son got a quick and nice haircut for $8.  Their normal price is $9, which is still a good deal, so if the place we normally take my son doesn't open back up, we'll be coming here to get his cuts.Thanks for a great job.  The place is organized, neat, well lit and the people that work there are friendly and professional.  The woman that cut my son's hair was very attentive to our needs and treated us well, interacted with my son while she was cutting his hair, and addressed my concerns of wanting to keep some of my son's curls.
