5	Friendly staff!  Amazing doctor!  If you are looking for an attentive doctor who listens, then this is the place to go!  Thank you Dr. Patric and staff!
5	We just had Prime give us our flu shots for our office and I have say thank you very much.  Faith is an awesome shot giver, didn't even feel it.  And thanks Dr. Patric for keeping us all healthy.
5	Quite simply the best doctor's office I've visited. Dr. Patric is caring and actually sits and talks with me about what's going on so I don't feel like an inconvenience, but rather a respected adult patient who is an active participant in her health care. You simply will not find a more caring practitioner in Phoenix.
5	One of the best doctors I've been to, it is so hard to fine a good doctor that knows what they are doing. He has always been timely in getting me referrals and has always been thorough when I've had medical problems arise instead of brushing me off like doctors often can do. The rare times where he isn't sure what else to do or if something needs specialized attention he will refer me to a specialist. I'm not sure what all happened when he previously worked at Fit, and really I don't care, he has been a great doctor for me and knows his stuff. I trust him and he has never broken that trust with me, he cares and that is what matters most in a doctor. When we move up north to Washington State I will definitely miss him and his staff. I hope I am able to find someone half as good!
5	Patric is by far the most caring Doctor I have ever come in contact with.. He is an amazing professional, but above all, an amazing person.  That is what sets him apart from anyone else in this industry. He listens, he cares.Patric, you are the best.. :-)
5	I've been seeing Dr. Kline for years and I've never had a doctor as professional and knowledgeable as he is. He's the very rare country style doctor you hear about, caring and strait to the point and respectful. All cases are personal and he takes the time to address all of your issues, including the ones that you didn't know you had because a previous doctor blew it off as nothing.  Overall you can't get a better family practice that Prime Medical.
5	I feel my health concern at every level have been met!  I so happy I found Dr.Patric Hernandez-Kline. He is what you are looking for, caring compassionate and professional. Another good thing about his practice he doesn't have to rush because of the timer or clock he set his own pace.. he is a local owned and the community benefits from spending locally. Maria
5	Very professional, yet casual doctor's office. The staff is very friendly and welcoming. I have never felt so at ease in a doctor's office.
5	I hadn't been to the Dr in a very long time. I needed a check up to make sure I was still healthy. It was one of the easiest experiences I have ever had visiting a Dr. Everyone was very friendly, they got me in and out in no time billed my insurance and it was painless. I'm so happy to have found a good Dr in the area. I would recommend him to anyone. I couldn't be happier
