3	There is a new pizza place in town.  In Dormont to be more specific.  This use to be a pizza shop and has changed ownership and recipes.Little place, does have 2 or 3 tables but no air, so hot.  Really a take out or delivery place.Sign on the wall has an old saying that goes something like, "cooked with a dash of kindness and heap of love...".  Very friendly service. The menu includes hoagies, apps, wings, wraps and Cake of the Day.  Did not realize a cake of the day until I left, so do not know what it was today.The pizza was good, thinner crust and not sweet like so many in the area.  The toppings are cooked under the cheese, so don't be fooled when you get the pizza and think where are my toppings?  Nice addition to the area.OH yeah, had a Schneider's Ice tea with the meal.
3	Still not meatball's.  Service is friendly and did not take very long to get our meal.The pizza is OK.  The crust was a little thicker than last time.  Just a reminder, the cheese is cooked on top of the toppings.Had the chicken wings and they are OK.
4	I like this place. Their delivery is SUPERFAST and the salads are HUGE
5	LOVE!I was first introduced to Uncle Tony's pizza at a work training in nearby Mt. Lebanon. After the first bite, I was so glad we ordered from there! The pizza has a sweeter sauce and just the right amount of cheese. To me, everything about this pizza is perfect.WARNING: You will want more than 2 slices! I've also had their grilled chicken hoagie and it was great!. The chicken is very fresh and grilled. You can tell that the chicken is not pre-packaged like the stuff some other pizza places use.Overall, I am a firm believer that you will love this pizza! Delivery was super fast and it is free! If you're in the south hills area and looking for a new pizza joint, go here!
4	Uncle Tony's offers fast delivery and typically above average food. There's not much more I could ask for from a pizza joint.I've had their Regular Pizza, Garlic Parm Wings, and Fries - all above par. I think the Italian hoagie left a little more to be desired but it was still average.
