5	The famed "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas Nevada" sign, with Mandalay Bay in the background, complete with its own little parking lot. You have to take a picture with it, or your trip to Vegas is not complete!Check it out in Google Street View! http://bit.ly/7mzo9A
5	So glad we went out of our way to do this! Take the deuce bus to Bali Hai, or the next stop, and run to the median for a picture that everyone back home will be jealous of! If you have a car, lucky bastard, there is now a small lot for you to park in so you don't have to risk life and limb to get the money shot.
5	Great Sign, world famous. I have taken about 5 dozen pictures of everyone else in front of it. Somehow I left Vegas without a pic in front of it myself.
4	Iconic!  Can't miss the photo op here.  You have to be heading away from the Strip casinos to access the parking lot, which can be overly crowded.  When we visited, not only were a bride and groom getting pictures taken after being wed at a chapel BUT there was a couple getting married right under the sign.  There was a short line to wait in to get to the sign, but we just stood off to the side and took a shot from a different angle.
4	l've been to Vegas plenty of times, but have never been to this sign. So during my last trip to Vegas, I made it a goal to come here to shoot. I came here at night and there were a few people here. Groups will come in limos and everything. It's nice and not hard to find at all. At night the sign glows and is nice to shoot if you just want to shoot the sign itself. Come during the day if you want to shoot portraits in front of the sign instead because at night you can barely see yourself and if you use flash the sign get reflected out of the photo.
4	For all of the times I've been to Vegas I never made it out to the Famous "Welcome" sign.  This time one of my friends drove in from Phoenix, so we actually had a car to make the drive out here.There is a parking lot for you to stop and get out and take pictures.  I wouldn't suggest taking a cab since it's ridiculously expensive and the photo op is a few minutes at most.  I wish the stupid powerlines weren't in the background to ruin the picture.  Besides that, for all that is in Vegas this is a classic that MUST be visited.
5	LOVE this sign! It's so amazingly iconic! I didn't get to it until my 3rd trip to Vegas, but I am so glad I finally got to the sign!I agree with David N about the power lines, they are frustrating, but with decent photoshop skills you can fix it. I love that it has its own parking lot. When I went, there were several people there waiting to take photos and everyone was really respectful and waited their turn.  It was quite the little community. People help each other to take photos. Here is Texas, we have Chuy's which has their sign fashioned after / inspired by THE Las Vegas sign. Every time I go back to Las Vegas, I will be back to the sign! Love it!
5	I'd like to start out with an apology to the 10 or so people that were in line on our wedding day that we cut in front of to get a few quick shots. We were on a really tight timeline and all of you were so cool for letting us cut !It goes without saying the Vegas sign kicks some serious ass, but I'm also loving the enhanced greenery that was put in and the ample parking! Thank you Vegas  sign for providing such a fun wedding portrait backdrop - love it !
4	Way better than in previous years when you had to hit a u turn and take a quick picture or risk your life parking and running across the street. Now with landscaping and nice amount of parking stalls it is now easier to access Vegas most famous sign. The only con It seems to always be busy but what do you expect it's Vegas.
5	After dozens of trips to Fabulous Las Vegas, we finally took the time (and a taxi) to the Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas sign for the obligatory picture.  Spurred by the knowledge (thanks to http://www.vegasrex.com) that the sign was now easily accessible, we decided to make it a stop on our way in from the airport.  After a long, VERY early morning flight, we were hardly in fresh, fabulous picture-taking shape, but decided to do it anyway.  Anticipating the large tip she eventually received, our fabulous taxi driver agreed to not only detour to the sign, but to take several pictures of us standing on the newly constructed mound of grass directly under the sign.  There is easy in and out access (southbound on LV Blvd. only) , several parking spaces, new landscaping, and the aforementioned pitchers mound area specifically for fabulous picture taking.  http://static.px.yelp....Now it's easier for everyone who want the cheesy yet fabulous picture under the sign to make that happen without fear of injury or death. Very nice of the Las Vegas taxpayers to fund this very nice little park.  Seriously.Next I expect the people who accost you on your way into the various shows on the strip to be there, cameras in hand, ready to relieve you of $47.00.
3	In hindsight, we should have asked the tourist with the larger camera to take our picture...because bigger camera typically means more camera experience.  And we wouldn't have ended up with a souvenir photo that include the top of the sign chopped off.Better luck next time, I guess.It's great that they've added a small parking lot to accommodate tourists, so I could avoid playing Frogger for the photo opp.  Thanks, taxpayers!
5	How could you not visit the "Welcome to Las Vegas"sign? Even if you don't have a memory of Vegas (I didn't the 1st time I went) at least you have a picture for proof.
4	Yup, I took pictures here with a past BF (even have the ones of me posted on FB)- but back then we had to park across the street and play "Frogger." Now, it's all new and improved- there is a lot right there and it's more protected with a barrier- thanks to Mayor Oscar Goodman (I think this was one of his projects)- how cool is that? A little history on this sign-  it was designed by Betty Willis in 1959. You see the sign in so many movies. It's funny that there are so many copycats of this iconic sign- there's one in Downtown Las Vegas (see people taking pictures of that little one too), and used in so many other company ads- I've seen it on t-shirts.
4	It used to be cars, bikes, limousines would drive around the curb, stop, unload their passengers, drive out or park for a few minutes until tourists or locals have taken their photo with the "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign along with its flashing, gleaming lights. This being a "tourist spot" and a favorite for wedding groups, last year the city had it "upgraded" with a fenced-in space and marked parking spaces where cars can park and people can walk and linger around the sign before and after taking their photos with this famous sign which is situated right on the center of the roadway. There is this mound of green grass that seems to make the sign appear lower, much closer to people's heights...this, I have noticed the difference from it was before when I stopped for photo opportunity with my sister, my nephews and my Mom. Fabulous, in fabulous Las Vegas!! Take your time giving it your best poses & best shots now!!!
5	The Las Vegas Welcome Sign is one of the most iconic spots in Las Vegas and the United States. It greets everyone who drives North on the "Strip" from Sunset. The sign is close to the airport and people like to pickup their rental car a few blocks away and drive to the sign to get a few vacation starting pics.The Las Vegas Welcome Sign now has a few parking spots that are much safer than driving up on the curb with your flashers on while other cars go speeding by. Several of the parking spots accommodate buses or very large limos. The walk up area has also been slightly upgraded and appears to be well maintained.When I visit, as a local, I enjoy seeing people taking photos of their experience, in this great city. The pictures will undoubtedly get uploaded into social networking sites, where potentially hundreds of other people will learn about their adventures and want to visit as well.
5	The very famous sign of "Welcome to Las Vegas"  This sign is located on Las Vegas Blvd, on the southern end of the main strip.  Luxor and Mandalay Bay hotels is located less than a mile from this picture spot.For any tourist, you must hit this spot and take your pictures here.  They have free parking!
5	It took me way too long to visit THE icon of Las Vegas -- The Welcome to Las Vegas sign.  Maybe I thought it was too touristy.  Maybe I spent too much time cynically laughing at tourists crowding around to get their photo in front of the sign.So needless to say, one night after happy hour when my friend insisted on stopping to experience the sign, there was a fair amount of eye-rolling.  But once I got out of the car and approached the sign itself, the cynicism rolled off, replaced by the rare sense of history in Vegas.In a town that tears down history to make space for the bigger and better, the Welcome to Vegas sign is our slice of the old.  It may not be the cathedral of Notre Dame or Thomas Jefferson's Montecello, but it's our history.  And after a few years in Vegas, I was ready to soften in my cynicism of the sign.  It's big, flashy and kitschy.  And in all these things, it is a perfect fit for Las Vegas.  And it's now my icon, like Vegas is now my town.
5	When staying at Mandalay it seems like a pretty obvious thing to do to walk down to the famous Vegas sign. It's a short (15-20) walk from Mandalay. The only real problem is that the sign is in the middle of the strip and there's no lights/crosswalks so if you walk it you need to run across the street to get to the sign.It was pretty busy on a Monday morning and there were a couple locals offering to take your picture with your camera, and for a couple bucks who can argue? All in all, I'm glad I finally made it down here!
4	I can not tell you how many times I have been to Vegas and thought about going here and just never made the trip.  Well this last time we were staying at Mandalay and the walk was so short (like 1/2 mile) that I felt like it was finally time to go!  The good:  It is EXACTLY what you expect it to be.  The iconic sign is well maintained and looks perfect with the strip in the distance behind it.  There are lots of people there getting pix, but it is a breeze for everyone to get their shots since there is lots of space.  Plus if you drive there, they have a parking lot right in the middle of the road!  Its just good fun!  The bad:  If you walk to the sign there is no light to get across the lanes of traffic!!!!  This is so crazy to me.  Basically there are tons of people darting across the road to get to the sign!!!  Las Vegas come on!? Still, it really is a must on your next trip!  It is a great little diversion.  Glad we did it!
5	I've been to Vegas so many times, but had never made the effort to visit the sign.   At the last moment my husband and I decided to check it out on the way home.  It was easy to get to and easy to park (free parking). There was a guy (working for tips) that takes your camera and helps you get your pictures.  It was great!  We were lucky to get ahead of the Jr. Hi cheerleaders screaming as they unloaded from their vans...lucky break for us, and we were on our way.  Definitely recommend the 10 minute detour.  Also - interesting note - the sign was made by Betty Willis, who was the only women to ever make the famous neon signs that adorned the strip.  Nice work.  The sign looks great up close!
5	Welcome to Las Vegas... spend lots and lots of money while you are here!!All jokes aside, the Welcome to Las Vegas sign is a must-visit for anyone coming to town and the best part is it's 100% free! A few years back, getting to the sign was an adventure in itself. Thankfully a parking area was created in 2008, ensuring people can stop and snap photos at the sign without risking their life by running across the Strip.There will occasionally be a line to take photos, every time I have stopped the wait hasn't been very long. And the photos you can take are well worth it. Nothing makes a better souvenir of your Vegas vacation then a picture of yourself under this landmark sign.
5	I wanted to be the typical tourist and take a picture in front of this sign. Me and my bf took pictures here on the last day of our trip before heading to M buffet and home! hahahaI dont know if its all the time since it was my first time but there was a guy who takes pictures for you if you want. Nice, if its just the two of you. There was elvis but he was charging.
5	I've been to this iconic sign on one occasion although I've driven by a lot of times.  This is one of my "must dos" when I have friends in town.  Betty Willis did us all a great big favor in designing such a wonderful sign that has come to represent Las Vegas anywhere you are in the world.The parking spaces in the median that opened in the last two years make a visit by tourists and locals alike an easy stop.  Access to the lot is from the southbound lanes of Las Vegas Boulevard.  There's no need to try to cross the Boulevard to get a photo op.I won't upload any of my photos as the ones here do a great job!
5	If you ever want a great souvenir for your great trip to Vegas, please take ten minutes to the Las Vegas sign on the south end of Las Vegas strip and take a picture with the sign.  Elvis was there when my family came to visit the sign.  It was well worth picture of Vegas.
5	Back before Vegas grew into it's current size, the first thing you would see driving into town was the Welcome to Las Vegas Sign.  The sign has become an icon of the city and has greeted millions of people over the years.Since the city has grown far beyond the sign, you'd think it would become minimized.....not!  It's still a major tourist attraction.  So much so, that it requires it's own parking area in the median separating the North and South lanes of Las Vegas Blvd.I remember coming to Vegas from So Cal as a kid and waiting in anticipation to see the sign.....it was a sign that we were entering into what felt like another world....because it was.I love sharing this with my friends who visit from out of town....especially the ones who fly in and otherwise wouldn't get to see this monument to Sin City.Return Factor - 100%
4	I made it a point to come here the second time I showed up in Vegas.  The favorable icon that is loved and photographed by many tourists is a major hit.  Hit up the south end of the strip and party low during the time you take a picture here since it gets rowdy on the north side.  What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.
2	There is not enough parking.  For something so popular, the city should figure out a better parking system.  We parked in the Bus lane on the right.  People are usually friendly and can take your picture, just ask!
5	Look its an icon and thankfully they put in the little parking lot so people aren't dodging traffic!  All these years coming I finally got to see it up close and personal :) While I was there they had actors in dancing girl and elvis costumes if you wanted to get pictures with them for a fee.
5	ICONIC! How else can you describe a sign that millions have seen on their way into this famed city of sin and debauchery, and that is also recognizable the world over.No matter how many times I have been to Las Vegas I always get a kick out of seeing this sign as I drive by it. The city has even built a small median area to park at so you can take pictures of it.  All I know is that when I see this sign while driving into town I picture all the gambling, money, drinking, craziness, and fun I am about to have. There is nothing like it. So glad I am not Amish, or Jehovah Witness!
4	Anything is better than it was before they built the parking lot! Who remembers back in the day (ok so it wasn't that long ago) when there was no parking, and you had park kinda far from the sign? Then on top of that you had to precariously maneuver across the street, dodging and weaving thru incoming cars a la the Frogger video game? I do.-1 star for creating haphazard traffic on the fast lane during busy days (You locals know what I'm talmbout). They could've made the parking strip a little longer I feel.
4	The sign is something everyone (even the frequent fliers) should visit at least ONE time. Parking sucks. It's impossible, actually. AND, it's dangerous to run across the street so, good luck. Hopefully you won't visit when a tour bus is there. These "tourists" don't respect the line that most people civilly form when waiting their turns to take a picture.There is an elvis impersonator to take pictures with. I'm not sure if he is employed by the city of Las Vegas but he doesn't outwardly solicit money.
5	I've zoomed passed this sign so many times, but never thought to stop. My friend wanted to take some fun photos in front of the sign, and it made for a really fun photo op! A person was working there for tips, offering to take your picture for you, which was helpful. Sometimes you'll see an elvis lookalike and such.There's a small parking lot - expect a wait.
5	This is a nice welcoming sign!!! Viva Las Vegas!!!
4	So...I've lived here since '90 and my first visit to the sign was in 2007 with my sister, before they built that awesome parking lot for it. We had to visit at this place across the street, visitors authority, tourist building? I forget what it is...anyway you had to run across a few lanes of 50mph traffic!!We went at night, but were able to photo shop the pictures to make the sign show up better.In passing this thing, I've seen Japanese tourbusses stop, Elvis impersonators, and a wedding.It's a great free Las Vegas attraction you should not miss.
4	If you're in Vegas, you have to visit one of the most iconic signs!We arrived at a perfect time [11:30am] because there wasn't a massive amount of people and we were leaving right before a tour bus arrived [thank goodness!]I must say, they have this very organized because we all know  how rude people can be with cutting lines, taking their sweet time, and being inconsiderate.  But there was a guy here organizing everyone, assisting in how to take the best photos, whos next, he took photos of you if you wanted. If you dont mind walking, you can make it there walking from Mandalay Bay. Unfortunately, we thought it was a long walk, so we took a bus that took us much further away and we had to walk double the distance back to the sign. Don't make this mistake :)
4	touristy thing to do, but gotta do it once.
4	It's rare that I will write a review for something that is not a "business". I feel dirty for even doing this, but whatever. You've seen the sign in movies, TV shows and in postcards. Now, you are in Vegas, and you need to see it in person. It's on the south end of the strip, and there is a parking lot (about 10 spaces). It's tough to take pictures because of all the tourists, wedding parties and whatnot, but if you make a trip during the right time, you'll get your perfect money shot.Also....don't let anyone take the picture for you. These people are trolling for tips. Take the pics yourself.
5	After four years living here, I finally made it to the Las Vegas sign. I'm glad they have a parking lot here, which makes it easier to stop by and take pics. It's such an iconic part of this town that everyone should stop by whether or not they live here or are just visiting. Yes, it will be crowded. If you're going to stand in line to take you picture with the sign make sure you make it quick. Take two or three pics then move on. I had the misfortune of being behind a group of girls who didn't think twice about taking their time and posing for at least a dozen pics. Not even a little heckling made them move any faster.So, show a little respect for others in line. Be quick. Admire an icon. Soak it all in. And, move on.
5	Such a quick touristy thing to do for a ride out of the Strip, but why not? There is a tiny parking lot just for the sign. But you can only enter it heading south. When you take your pic, make sure to get the Mandalay Bay in the background. There's a guy that takes everyone's pics for a tip. It takes 5-10 min to wait for your turn, depending on the size of the line, 10 min to take your pics and go. And if you're like me, an extra 15 min to make 2 U-turns because you forget your camera case and hat. Geez. Lol.  The day we went, there was a big group of about 25 or so military people posing with their flag in front of the sign. I have no idea what they were doing there. Don't forget to take a pic with the back of the sign, "Drive Carefully. Come Back Soon."
5	You have to take a pic with this sign some time!There's a photographer who comes here a few times a week and helps people take pictures. He doesn't actually have a job there but it's nice if you tip him because he takes awesome pictures!!
4	If you're in Vegas, might as well visit this icon.  Parking is convenient and it's a great photo op!
5	it doesn't get anymore old world vegas than this.  park, take a few pics, have a fellow tourista take a few for you, then keep it moving.  day or night, rain or shine you can't miss visiting THE sign!
5	We found the sign thanks to Yelp! lol. A must see if you haven't before. There are cars and people lined up to take pictures along with some costumed characters at times. Wait in line, the photo and memories are worth it!
4	The sign is a Vegas "must do", but living in Vegas for 20 years I am forced to be bothered our county allows people to beg for "tips" - people get a real job!  Taking a picture for someone is a something you do to be nice, not for money! I realize times are tough, but come on. Come out ... A nice parking lot was built a couple of years ago ... Take a picture, have fun.  It is a famous sign - not to be fooled with the two smaller signs (Downtown and on Boulder Hwy) ... This is the real deal. Welcome to Las Vegas.
1	Over and over, I kept trying to get the sign's attention to at least get me a drink or something. I mean, the place wasn't even busy!So I decided maybe the bar was busy, so I changed my order to an appetizer. And the sign just kept ignoring me! So I shouted louder and louder and still, the sign wouldn't get me anything. Wouldn't even look at me!If I could have found the manager, I totally would have complained.
5	A must when visiting Vegas!!! I have gone to Vegas so many times and don't think to make a pit stop at this iconic landmark. There is small lot for about 8 cars-stay in the left lane to exit. The tour buses come thru also so be sure to get there before or after they arrive.Tons of people taking pictures so be mindful and courteous while waiting. Ask to take someone else's group picture so that the gesture could be reciprocated!
3	Simply put: It is a touristy must-do.
4	It took me until my fifth visit to Las Vegas to take the time to see the sign. I always figured "Oh, I do it later" and never got around to it. After finally taking the time to walk the two miles from our hotel (I have no idea why we walked) I can say I've seen it. Will I see it again? Yeah, probably not... unless I somehow end up there at 3 o'clock in the morning after a night only Vegas can offer.Did you know the circles that make the word WELCOME are coins? I didn't.
2	I have lived in Vegas for almost 4 years now and finally went to the famous sign. I guess it is nice to say you have been to the sign, but it really was not as special as I thought it might be. I think that they need to extend the parking lot to fit more cars. It had to wait for someone to leave, which made the line of cars behind me kind of stick out into the busy Las Vegas Blvd, which can be dangerous in my opinion. I know its famous for Las Vegas, but in the end I will probably not be going back there unless I know of a time when no one else will be there. Plus there are people who   kind of linger around who offer to take your picture and then ask for money/tip because they took your picture. I guess if your a tourist it would be the thing to do, but not an important thing to do. Much more other things to spend your time site-seeing!
5	I love my city! It's funny how it took overseas friends that wanted to go sightseeing for me to finally visit the Welcome to Las Vegas Sign. I mean I drive by it at least twice a month on my way to Town Square. It's a small, FREE must do if you are in Vegas. It's also very nice that they added the parking lot so that people weren't endangering themselves crossing the street.
4	Been here many times day/evening looks pretty. Actually my first time last night to checked-in on the spot.  This iconic neon sign is a must to see when in town. Just south of Tropicana Avenue on South las Vegas Boulevard. This landmark was added to NHRP. My shot. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ZV3G2LxpLLuZOFbn208Z5A?select=Fflc0MI0PFusdMuxC8fU4QI remember coming here when they don't have a parking area on the center divider. People would park anywhere and just cross the street. Im glad they added this parking area couple of years ago. This spot can be crowded at times. But coming here last night (saturday) was perfect. Five spaces available on the parking. Yepey!
5	Ohhhh.. the infamous Las Vegas sign!As a local who gets a lot of visitors.. this is one of the must stop spots to bring them specially if it's their first time here in Vegas! Perfect time to go would be at night-- so the cable wires arent seen in the picture! Jumping shots always welcome!
5	I didn't know this was on the Strip.... the far end but still there. Very accessible. Thought this thing would be at the state line and we would have to risk getting a ticket from the Highway Patrol to get a photo.They have a free parking area...Astroturf to designate "shooting" spot and the "lining up" area.People were nice and polite and started forming their own line to take a photo.
4	We made a trip back to Vegas for Thanksgiving.  The weather was so nice, we had no choice but to head out for a few hours on the Harley.  Despite living in Vegas for years, no visit is complete without a cruise down the Strip, so that was how we ended our ride.I wish I could give the Las Vegas sign a five star rating, but for me this iconic spot isn't the same as it used to be.  It is just too accessible now.  There is always a massive crowd.  Long gone are the days of parking on the side of the road in the middle of the night, running across the six lane mega street to get a photo.  No longer do party buses park illegally in the turn lane and let the crazies jump off the bus for a quick snapshot  to memorialize an awesome night (not that I would know).Now there is a parking lot....The ease of access has increased sign traffic  immensely.  Useful?  Yes, but the lack of the Frogger-esque challenge of getting to the sign, and that fact that you have to wait in a line to take a picture, have diminished the fun and coolness factors exponentially.
5	You gotta get a pic here....otherwise you have no proof. Bahahaha
5	As cheesy as it sounds I luv the Las Vegas sign and I get super excited each time I see it. I think it is so cool and the icon is everywhere on mugs, beach towels, tshirts I bought while i was down there. People associate this famous icon with Vegas and it is easily recognizable. I luv cheesy Vegas tourist things and the sign is the ultimate attraction; one which I never tire of seeing.
5	Classic photo op!  I'm a sucker for good ole classic landmarks like this one and it was even better at night--all lit up!  Make your way down to the sign for a fun facebook photo!
5	The Las Vegas Sign is easy to get to and enjoy! Such an iconic attraction. It lights up all day and night. They have made it enjoyable and easy to visit. There is a parking lot and a sidewalk. I really enjoyed visiting in the morning.
5	This is a must-see for anyone visting Las Vegas, and sometimes Elvis will make an appearance (though he asks for $5+ tips and limits the number of photos you can take with him). Best time to see the sign is in the morning (around 8 or 9 AM before the crowds come!) or even at night. Nice thing is the parking lot and sidewalk, but do expect traffic jams in that immediate area.
5	A must in Vegas!
5	How can you come to vegas and not a picture of this iconic sign!!! This is what vegas is all about! sooo much history and pride in this sign!! Parking is easy not many people in the morning!!! I loved it we took pictures one by one, as a group, three of us, four of us, two of us, six of us, as a group again, Just the sign!
3	It took my fourth trip to Vegas to get to the sign. It's famous and now I can say I've seen it with my own eyes. It's not something I would go out of my way to see (sorry), but we simply happened to be passing by so we stopped. A must see? Sorry, but no.
5	Yup- Tourist attraction but it is the moment you finally know you are almost at your destination of the Las Vegas Casinos on that long drive from California across the Desert.  Very famous to people of any language in the West Coast area.  Great for anyone to take a picture right by the sign.  I thought I was hallucinating when driving with the family through the barren desert but Like I said once this sign is visible, you know you are almost there.  Time to get ready for all the thrills and chills that is - Las Vegas.
4	After seeing the famous sign on trinkets and t-shirts and even license plates I went to see the real thing with some family from out of town. It was well worth the 10 minutes of my time. I have some tips for anyone that visits. 1: Know how to get there and park. The sign has a small parking area in the median of Las Vegas Blvd, but you can only get into it if you're going South on LV Blvd. past Mandalay Bay. There is NO Northbound access. 2: Lock your car. Per the newspapers and the media things like to come up missing here if you leave your doors unlocked and valuables in plain sight. 20 seconds is all someone needs to ruin your trip. 3: Bring a camera. There's a slightly raised area in front of the sign to stand on making it great for taking your pictures. 4: Be prepared to see ANYTHING. On a Wednesday afternoon I saw a wedding party, an Elvis impersonator, and just to the right at McCarran we saw two expensive private helicopters and a privately owned 747 taxi by which got some pix taken of it. So it's not just the sign, it's the whole environment you gotta take in. 5: If there's a line of people don't freak. It moves fast. And a lot of people were willing to hold your camera and take that shot you know you want to put up on Facebook. Is it worth doing? Absolutely. And if you're a local and haven't been here yet what are you waiting for? Do it!
5	Iconic. Just below the south strip. You can take the RTC bus to Excalibur, free tram to Mandalay Bay, and walk from there about 10-15 minutes down the Blvd.
4	This is the tourist attraction to come to if you visit Vegas.I passed by with some friends in the evening this past weekend. Since it is free to take your picture by the sign expect a huge crowd, specifically during the evenings.It was a bit chaotic at times with all the people, but I was able to get my picture. I didn't see any impersonators or anyone asking for money. Would go back during a less crowded time.
5	Well this is almost iconic in nature. The Welcome to Las Vegas Sign is a must for everyone's picture groupings. You will find a variety of possibilities here, with things varying from day to day and season to season. Stop by, take your pics and put them in you slide show, video or Facebook presentation. The sign is just a requirement of the trip! Check!
5	Great, free, fun! No thanks buddy, I don't need help taking my families picture. Move along buster :)
4	This is actually pretty cool. It's in between the two streets and there is parking. You can easily take photos of this sign/with the sign and it was easy. Great tourist attraction. PARKING:About 12 spaces open and side parking (standby)Be careful exiting.
3	It's a sign. It's a photo op, not much more to say than that.
3	On my morning walk down the boulevard, on my way to Whole Foods, I stopped at the sign. It's cool. So old it had to be restored. The line to take pictures with it was so long and I was all by myself. I couldn't wait. I left. I saw it again on the walk back. But the line was just as long, if not longer, and I was in serious doubt as to anyone taking a picture of me with the sign for me. So I left. Eh, I'll go again. One of these days. 5/8/12
4	I'm not sure how many times I've been to Vegas but this is my first time visiting the sign.  I was surprised to see there was a little small parking lot to stop at so you don't have to worry about where to park. The people in line were really cool and patient.  I think people took like 3 pictures and no one rushed anyone.  It was a beautiful day and made for some nice photos.  Good times!
5	As so many other people say about the sign, iconic! Steve and I walked down Las Vegas Blvd. from Mandalay to go see the sign. The walk is doable but longer than you may think. You have to jaywalk across the road in order to get to the sign since there are no crosswalks on either side of the road to get to the sign. If you drive there there is a parking lot for you to go to look at the sign. The two times I was at or near the sign there was an Elvis impersonator singing 'Viva Las Vegas' a bit over the top but that is what Las Vegas is all about!
3	It doesn't seem to matter; whenever one of my friends or family members shows up they want a picture of themselves in front of this sign.  I try to talk them out of it but (our little secret will be that I like coming down here) you never know who you will run into or what kinda of freak will be here dressed up in a costume willing to pose for pictures with you should you be willing to give them a monetary donation that is. It best in the morning before the heat sets in and the hung over tourists make it down there to spoil the calm and peacefulness of the sign.
4	You gotta do it at least once...
4	I mean it's just a sign, but it's a must visit when in Vegas. Where else can you run into a wedding party, a drag queen and a biker gang!! yeah, really!  fun photo stop for your Vegas group!
5	Gotta love this iconic Vegas sign with the flashing lights at night.
5	Everyone needs a picture next to the sign :)
4	Oh the Las Vegas Sign! Picture time =) Great place to stop for a quick photo when cruising the strip. Parking is convenient and free! Check it out.
5	Take a pic if you cruise by!  Watch out for all the stretch limos with just married couples taking pics!
4	Free parking. Go early. Yup, that's about it.
5	After making near-annual Vegas trips my entire life, I finally decided to take a photo next to the iconic sign. It's easy to find (just south of Mandalay Bay) and there are about a dozen free parking spots. I went during the day and didn't have to wait very long.It's really the only Sin City souvenir you need and it's free, except for the tip to the local who takes your photo ... and it'll be the best dollar you spend in Vegas, unless you happen to hit that MegaBucks jackpot.
5	Just do it...you know you want to. You'll regret it if you don't!We hiked our way down to "The Sign" from the Mirage and my flip-flop loving wife got blisters, but the photos are awesome--and free! There was also a guy there (presumably paid by the tourism board) to take photos for all the tourists which was a nice touch.Fyi if you don't want to walk, the LV buses are nice, cheap and run The Strip regularly.
4	I have to say that I'm perplexed that there is such a draw to a sign that says where we are, but then again I'm the worst tourist possible. I never take pictures of myself, next to anything. I take pictures of things. This is a dressed up city limit sign really...you know, normally green and white signs.But I digress that it is iconic, quintessentially ours and pleases just about every visitor I have. My family is the complete opposite of me and love any good photo op they can find. It is fun people watching as some people do take some creative photos, theres often impersonators and weddings here. The line moves fairly fast though, or should...Get your pictures, but be considerate too. You don't need the same pic of 20 people standing there on all 20 peoples cameras. There is email, you know. Know how to get there and park though! The median has a parking lot for the sign but you can only access it going South of LV Blvd and no northbound access. This sign is a bit past Mandalay Bay if you're a tourist not sure of it's vicinity. I never thought it would mean anything to me, but it is always comforting coming home seeing this. MY HOME.
3	I mean... it's a sign...
5	I've lived in Vegas for many years and have visited since I was 4 years old but I've never had my picture taken in front of this sign until I brought my friend here last week.  They have parking spots now and 2 friendly people (one guy is also from Omaha, yay!) who can take your picture...for FREE!  Of course, I'm comparing this from what I remember when I was 4 (when everything around the sign was just dirt) to what it is now...huge improvement!Everyone that steps foot in Vegas must come here.  If you're a tourist, the hop-on/hop-off bus stops here.
5	I'm not sure if I like it more in it's present day tourist friendly state; or the previous death dealing accessibility... Either way, this is my favorite sign in the world. I like it so much, that I captured an image on 35mm and had it tattooed on my arm. And the entire strip.  I miss the days of there being nobody at the sign because it was in the middle of LVBlvd and the parking was sparse. It sat on a bed of bleached riverrock, not the turf and little hill with spotlights and palm trees everywhere of present. Anyways, what more can be said about one of the most iconic and significant signs of the Modern Human Era? Not much. I love this sign.
5	It is what it is. Enter from the southbound direction. There is a pull off from the far left lane of traffic into a mini parking lot on the median (a row for tour busses, 2 handicap spots and 10 regular spots). Then GPS address is 5100 South Las Vegas Blvd. that address is actually to a building across the street from the sign so note that the sign is on the Las Vegas Blvd Median. You'll actually see the sign say "Drive carefully come back soon" as you approach it. There is a nice turf grass area in front of the sign where you can stand to have someone take your picture - people were actually taking turns so it wasn't hard to get your picture all by yourself.
5	Yehhhheeeee Las Vegas
5	Probably one of the major highlights of my trip to Vegas, this landmark is just as pretty as it was in all of the Hollywood movies. The convenience of being able to just pull right up to it off of the highway makes it an easily accessible tourist attraction!
5	The "Welcome To Fabulous Las Vegas" sign is one of the most popular places for anyone. A great photo opportunity. I drive by the sign every night on my way to work. It doesn't matter what time of day or night someone is always there. What a lot of people don't realize is there is a live web camera there. Contact your family and friends and have them click on earthcam. com. They can see you live and you can wave hello to them. I've lived in Las Vegas 35 years and love it.
4	I love the new layout. People form a line, Elvis shows up later to take pics with his guitar, everyone's happy. I came here with my family the weekend we moved to California. I wasn't born in Vegas, but I've been there since I was 10. I'm now 32, that's a long time. It was very sad to say goodbye.We had my friend (a professional photog) take our pics at the sign as a farewell. The people were very polite in line and everyone took their turn. Goodbye Vegas!
5	This is one of those iconic things you have to stop at if you ever come to Vegas.  This is a tourist town... be a tourist.  Go to the sign, take some pictures, prove you've been there.  Yes, it's just a sign - it's not going to get up and sing and dance - but it's THE sign.  There will likely be Elvis and maybe Big Bird and who knows what else there to meet you.  Go early, like 7-8am early, to avoid a full parking lot (though the turnover is pretty quick) and the crowd that gathers later in the day from buses and hungover tourists.
4	This attraction is precisely what it looks like. It's a staple for any tourist's photo album, and I really like that there's an attendant to help with your group's photo and to keep the people in check. My issues with the scenario are that not only are there just a handful of parking spaces for probably the most well known tourist attraction in Vegas, but you also can't access it on the way INTO town, only on the way out. ...a bit backwards, if you ask me.
4	fucking tourist!!
5	The "welcome to Las Vegas" sign is classic and for some reason a must see when you go to Vegas.  It's iconic and worth a quick trip to get your picture taken.
5	Just do it!  If you go during the daytime there's people there that help take pictures for you!  And they're mad fast/skilled - no need to ask a gramma to take a pic for you, only to get a finger in the corner of your photo!Parking is right in front of the sign, but limited so you may need to drive around a bit before you get a spot.
3	Tourists love this watch out for the scammers wanting to take pics for $$ especially the rude elvis w/ pink cadillac!!! GO AT NIGHT!!! far walk from mandalay take the bus its hot and looks can be deceiving in vegas in regards to distance
4	So, as it being my first time in Vegas I had told the ones that I was with, that I wanted to take a photo in front of the Vegas sign.I'm glad the weather was alright. When we got there, there wasn't any parking so the car dropped us off and circled around. The line was long with people standing in it to take a photo in front of the sign. If you don't want to wait, you can go on the side and take a photo.There's a guy working it, a lending hand if you will for families or anyone that want to take a photo with everyone in it. There is only one side that says "Welcome to Vegas" on the other side it says something like "drive carefully."
4	Although this is not my first trip to Vegas, I decided to play tourist and try to go take a pic in front of the sign.  There is some parking---but don't forget lots of other people want to take a pic too, so either be prepared to circle around, park in the limo/van/taxi parking, or come back later.  I went on an extremely hot and sunny day (then again if it's summer time, when is it not hot and sunny? But I digress) I opted not to wait in the long line in the smoldering heat and just stood in front but a little further away from the sign---I figured I could then just photoshop all the random people out....I wish the parking lot was a little bigger and accessible from both directions as opposed to just one way---the way that happens to make you go away from Vegas.....Overall, the sign is not as big as I thought it would be--but still a cool spot to visit and take a pic or two----But just thinking some shade or some sort of misting water feature would also be nice as I'm standing in line feeling like my deodorant is possibly being challenged by the Vegas heat.
5	Love bringing all my out of town guests here to have pictures taken.  The parking lot was full but if you drive real slow cars will be backing out and you can grab their spot.  We saw Big Bird sitting for a kodak moment if you wanted to take a picture. Felt sorry for the bird since it was so hot.  People are in line waiting but a tip is to go to the right a bit and you don't have to wait and you are still able to get a perfect picture at a different cool angle.
5	Taking a picture of or in front of the sign is a must.It's in kind of a busy area and hard to stop but worth it.There is also a sign at the beginning of the old Vegas strip that is worth stopping at.It's iconic and gets you giddy and exited, because you know right there is where your adventure is about to start, there is no trip to Vegas without something crazy happeningLas Vegas is Fabulous, just like the sign says.
4	Big tourist location if you never seen the las vegas sign its a must to get take a picIt's right down the street from the Mandalay bay, and close to one of the biggest local shopping centers in vegas (town square) Down side is there is not much parking and its mostly packed with wedding goers.i love going here in some crazy outfit and do some kartwheels/ handstands for a quick random pic
4	We were in and out in about 10 minutes.  Really quick and easy.  The parking lot isn't too big but someone is always leaving so you won't have to wait too long to get a space.  Everyone is there to take pics so just ask someone to take your photo if you agree to take theirs.  We went at night and I definitely suggest to NOT do that unless you have a decent camera.  A smartphone won't give you a good photo because the sign is so bright that anything surrounding it will be too dark.  It's probably a bit busier during the day but it'd be worth it to get a good photo.
4	A fantastic relic in a rotten city. Rich with history, off the beaten path and perfect for photos, the welcome sign is one of the most iconic signs in the world. It's a must do for most tourists.Two tips:1) Visit in the morning, preferably before 10am when the tour buses arrive. Another option is to visit at night when most people have gone to bed or on to other things.2) Watch out for the creepers in normal clothes who offer to take your picture. They appear normal at first, but then things get weird and they expect money following the photo opp. Avoid them and get other tourists to take your picture.
4	How can you come to Vegas and not take a picture with this iconic sign?! There's a decent amount of parking spaces here, so as long as there aren't too many people here you should be okay. The lot is easy to find and enter.There is usually someone present to take pictures for you (for a tip). So make sure to have a tip ready if you want someone to take a picture of you and your friends! Or you can just take pictures yourselves for free.
4	I love the new layout with the parking in the center of the Strip. Very easy to get in and out of. For the most part people will form a line for pictures and some characters (Katy Perry, Hangover guys, Elvis, etc)  show up later to take pics on the weekends. You can easily get anyone of the other tourists to take a group pic of you and your family as there are always people there. It was nice also that there wasn't anyone really hanging around, more of an in and out crowd. This is definitely one of those touristy spots but if you live in Vegas you should make an obligatory stop down here once just to say that you did it.
3	It is what it is.  It's that sign with a long line of people waiting to take a pic with it.
4	Another good picture spot. It is always pretty busy. People here are helpful helping every one get pictures. If you have kids they like it too.definite spot to come at least once.
5	Sure, it's a tourist destination only, but isn't that what most people are here for?  A tiny free parking lot available; and then a sign you've seen many times over in Vegas photos.  Get in front, get someone to snap a picture, and take off.  A quick stop and not too far out of the way as long as you've got a car.When we stopped someone was taking pictures and hustling for tips, but in the end, we got a great picture of the two of us; and good luck in Vegas!
5	It's a classic and you pretty much have to do it. It's the quintessential Vegas photo op! And it's way improved. I remember back in the day when there was no parking lot and tourists would try and run across Vegas Blvd. to see it and get a photo in front of it. Ahhh, those were the days. But we've made it all tourist friendly now. When the parking lot isn't full, you can conveniently pull in, park, and wait in line to get your picture taken. This isn't a professional photo place, so bring your own camera and don't give anyone money just to take your picture. It's usually not difficult to find a friendly person to snap your photo for you. And sometimes you will luck out and there will be an Elvis impersonator or Big Bird or whatever standing around and they'll take a photo in front of the sign with you (for a generous tip, of course).So yeah, don't just drive by it, pull in and stop. No Vegas vacay is complete without a photo in front of the famous sign.
5	This is not my first time in Las Vegas but this is the first time I notice the sign. I had to do it. They had a parking lot where the sign is located and people got out and was geeked over taking pictures in front of the Las Vegas sign and so was I. It was very cool
5	Wow...why has it never occurred to me to go here?? I love taking pictures and this is a perfect photo op!! The line can be long so if you don't want to wait you can always stand off to the side and take the pictures with the sign in the background. There's also parking spots available
5	I almost didn't make it here but I'm glad I did!!! It was a long 2 1/2 mile walk from MGM, but we took a cab back. I liked that they had someone there to take a picture for you, we gave her like $1 and she took four pictures for us! If you are visiting here I feel like you have to come here and get your picture taken! It's just a tourist thing to do, plus it makes for a really cool picture!
3	It is exactly what you think.Be prepared for a crowd.
4	It is a great sign. You have seen it in a lot of movies. It is just one of those things you have to go see at least once. Great photo opp. The parking lot at the sign is a little small but you aren't there very long so it is ok. Of course there is a line but everyone is very nice. No one gets pushy. Elvis is there to greet you and talk to everybody. He is a rev too if you want to get marred at the sign.Not really much to see. Just a small parking lot, a fake grass area and the sign. That is it. You take your picture and you leave. It is still cool to see in person. It is the experience you are after anyway.A fun fact the lady who designed the sign didn't copyright it. It was her gift to Las Vegas. That is why you see it on everything.Go once, take your picture and have fun. It's Vegas!
5	You can take a photograph of you and your loved one in front of the Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas Nevada sign.  It doesn't cost you a thing. They do have someone who is there that assists with  taking pictures for you at a  Tips only price.  You've got to come here as this has been there forever and its a famous landmark.
4	I have visited this Las Vegas landmark many times, as it is just south of the Strip. This is the famous sign that welcomes all visitors to the city, its the same sign featured in all the movies filmed here. It is always full of people as any and every tour bus stops here. There is parking in the middle of the road but only accessible if your going south bound on Las Vegas BLVD. Great place to take pictures, as you can see the Las Vegas Strip right behind the sign. I cannot seem to decided if its better at night or during the day time. During the day you can see clearly all the hotels and landmarks, however, at night the sing is lit up much like the rest of the city. No matter what time of day this Las Vegas Landmark is a must see, plus its free!
4	My girlfriend came to visit from Hong Kong and dragged me out here... its such a tourist thing to do.  Surprising, I kinda loved it.  It was late at night so I figured we would run into a few of drunkards... we did!  I couldn't stop laughing.It was very easy to find and I'm so happy there was parking.  Although parking can be a little tough, its not too bad and its free... not metered.  It gets super crowded, but everyone is friendly so you may have to wait your turn if you want a picture without too many people in it.  It really is a great Las Vegas landmark.  I would come back.
4	One of the most symbolic tourist attractions in Vegas! And it's free!!!!! There can be a long line depending on what time of day you choose to visit. There are characters like Big Bird from Sesame Street and Elvis who show up and can take pictures with. But don't forget to tip them. FYI, parking sucks. You'll be lucky to find a spot.
4	Really cool to visit such an iconic spot! Just wish there were more places to park.
5	This is obviously strictly a tourist destination. Pretty easy to find if you look plug in the address from Yelp, not Google (Yelp FTW!). There's a small parking lot for free in front (gotta love Vegas for that!). There was a long line when my boyfriend and I arrived on a Sunday afternoon, but it wasn't hard to snap a picture from the side - clearly, we're impatient. There was also a girl sitting in front dressed in a chicken suit, waiting for people to take pictures of/with her. I don't really get the draw of a chicken suit, but when you're in Vegas... right?Beautiful sign, very iconic. Definitely a good photo opp for your Vegas photo album cover on Facebook.
5	It's silly to write a 5 star review for the sign, but it's Vegas!After many trips to Vegas, I have finally made it out here to take a photo. The parking lot is pretty small (holds maybe around 8 cars , but since it's just a spot for photo, the crowd moves pretty fast.)The line moves pretty fast, we waited for maybe around 5/10 minutes. If you really don't want to wait in line, I saw people snapping pictures from the side and back. Or you can come back at night, there will be no line!Iconic place for photo opps!
5	It is what it is, the Fabulous Las Vegas sign! It's as big, and looks exactly how'd you expect from all the pictures you've seen it in. It will not disappoint :) (what will though, is your liver and reputation - if you know what I mean ;) )
5	Even though some of my friends had been to Vegas a few times, they hadn't been to the sign.  With it being my first holiday to Vegas I also wanted to go to tick it off my list.There was a queue to stand in front of the sign as we went in the afternoon, it did move quickly though.  You can easily get a photo of just the sign, if you don't want to wait.
5	If you have never been to the Vegas sign before I highly recommend it. The sign itself is located off a busy road that has VERY LIMITED PARKING. I went to the sign on a Thursday afternoon and we barely managed to find a spot. So as another reviewer suggested I would go very early in the morning to avoid some of the parking drama. Once you park, it is a short walk to the sign which is maintained beautifully. It looks brand new and is sitting on a hill of fake grass. Very great spot for pictures. Speaking of pictures, there was a camera lady working there who works on a tip by tip basis, which was great! She was friendly, competent, and knew how to make small talk about vacations and bachelorette parties. Overall, if you are able to navigate the small parking lot, you will get some beautiful pictures of the Las Vegas sign that will last a life time.
4	Leaving four stars because I'm not really a fan of obnoxious bachelorette people that were here when I visited. The parking's kinda hard when it's packed but it's a must visit when you are in town
5	We were passing through to Utah, but we had to stop for this historic sign!  The city has designed easy access to it for photography and fun. A must see!
5	Not sure how you could rate this badly... Although I guess parking is a bit tight. We went around 1am, though, on our way home from the Strip. The area was clean and well maintained. Always a must-see when in town!!
5	This of course is the famous tourist spot everyone comes to take those keepsake pics. It's located about a mile down the strip in this little island area with a very tiny parking lot. There's usually a line of people waiting to take there pics. Or you can always take the pic from the side too and skip center line =P The best is definitely to come in the off hours of early morning or late at nite.
3	It a damm sign and people go crazy for a pic. Its the history behind it. Sometimes there a big  wait with a tour buss most the time its only 5 min or less
3	I thought it would be taller.Also, as we pulled in a guy had walked back to his car and found all of windows smashed. He was robbed of everything.  Broad daylight with people around.
4	It's fun spot to take a picture. The entrance is only available traveling south on Las Vegas blvd. Be prepared for a long line to park and a line to take pictures. There is sometimes a guy who will take a picture for you. Be sure to tip him since he does this for tips.
3	As a Southern Californian - I've had my fair share of Vegas trips. Its funny how I've never stopped at this iconic sign though. The entrance way is only available as you driving away from the strip.  Parking is at a minimum. Its cool to be able to say you've visited it - but its nothing special.
5	The best " free" thing to do in Vegas. If you're lucky, Elvis may be waiting for you here.
5	I've been to Vegas multiple times but the one place I never stopped by was the Las Vegas Sign!  Since I was in charge of the itinerary and driving, I had to make this stop a priority.  I stopped by and luckily the group of bus tourists just left so the wait wasn't that bad.  There is a nice gentleman that's there who helps you out to take pictures too. Yes, its for free too!
4	Haven't been here in a long time and I've been a resident here for over 20 years!  I appreciate how they have organized and developed this location with parking and a place to park just South of the sign. However, there is sometimes not enough parking here. They are alleviating the situation by building additional parking at least. Also, you cannot enter the parking lot driving North on Las Vegas Boulevard.  You must make a U Turn and travel South on Las Vegas Boulevard to enter the lot.
