5	Yay! I get to be first to review this strip club! I've been a few times, and I hope not to miss anything.Onyx is apart of the Rick's Cabaret chain of strip clubs all over the USA. As you may guess, the Onyx clubs are geared toward urban, or black customers who want better entertainment. It is a pretty spacious club, with a separate bar area away from the stages and couches. I guess people can go there to get a little break from all the T&A action and music? I don't know why anyone would but it's there if you need it.They do serve food, and I've heard from a few different people that the wings are really good. I don't want to eat at a strip club personally so I can't say for sure.The chairs are all pretty comfy, and they face a big main stage flanked by two mirrors. There is an elevated couch area that I presume is VIP only. I haven't elevated myself to that status yet so I sat in the main area with most of the other patrons. Almost every time I have been to this club, there have been almost the same amount of women as men watching the dancers. So if you are the type of guy annoyed by that, you may want to steer clear. I'm talking groups of 4,5 women coming into the club together. Other than that, there are couples or what looks to be mixed groups of friends. The single men or groups of men seem to be outnumbered on the evenings I've gone.Now, for the talent. I will say that out of all the clubs I have been to up and down the East Coast, this club has a very good standard for hiring, which I hear they stick to. With the exception of Miami, Atlanta and perhaps Sue's Rendezous in the NYC area, Onyx has some pretty well shaped/groomed dancers. Pretty impressive for a city like Charlotte.The dancers are mostly black/American, but there were Indian and Asian mixed in the line up too. Most of all the dancers where slim and in shape, with about 3 or 4 on both sides of that spectrum. As to be expected, the weekend line up is more varied and even more stunning than in the week.I plan to be a regular at this place. :)
5	5 stars in my book. A place that you will leave your wallet in and just walk away with a smile lol. Drinks are normal price nothing major normal bar drinks. A ton of dancers on Tue, and the weekend if your looking to see 50 plus girls, but Wen and thur are cool too if your just trying to take it easy. I will always be in here say what up when you see me kicking it low key.
5	I like this place! The first time I went I was with my co workers and we had a blast. Most of the chicks were hot I mean bad enough to take home and lock away! The drinks were strong and reasonably priced. It is a very big club compare to what we have in the northeast and it was trendy looking like it should be. The only thing I didn't like is you can't touch the women (well you're not supposed to but I am hard headed)  like in Jersey BUT they keep a better looking squad. I guess you can't have everything. The southeast has the best looking chicks in strip joints IMO. This is my main spot in Charlotte!
5	I came to NC for vacation, and while I was there I decided to hit up Club Onyx. I loved this club; I'm straight and I thought the girls were amazing. The club had an upscale, lounge feel. The only negative this club had was the bartenders. They were on the there phones when we walked up, they didn't know what a Cadillac margarita was and didn't care to know. The drink was horrible, so I didn't order anymore, which sucks cause I wanted to drink.
2	Um was this a slow night?! Came here close to 2am, ok I get it last call for the night. Still, reason for a strip club is to enjoy your night and check out some ladies. None which looked like they wanted to be there. This isn't anyone's first choice for employment but if you're already there make it worth while. As much as I wanted to spent my money there, out of all the girls, only 2 girls got a bit of mg attention while on stage. For the 2 hours I was there, it felt like a stale night. MAY BE, just may be I'll give it another try.
5	My favorite place to be for $2 Tuesdays!! Always a good time. They recently added fight night, pretty comical I must say. Oh and the wings! Can't forget about the wings! Great for parties, cool staff.
1	This place can use lots of changes and better looking girls. Also this is the first men's club that I went yo that didn't have a full bar. Never going back till I hear if new changes.
