4	Since PA has such wonky beer and liquor laws it's always essential to be located by one of these fine establishments.  I mean, I guess it's not essential...but it's a nice perk!  The guys here are very nice and helpful when it comes to picking out a great beer.  Did you know there's a $95 case of Pumpkin Beer?!  Must be one heck of a beer!  No, I did not get that (but I wish I did!). You're also able to get a keg (reservation fee $30, but you get it back when you return the keg) and all the instruments that go with it (tap, tub, etc.).  They'll even special order you local Pittsburgh brands like Church and Penn Brewery.  I'm a beer drinker, but I wouldn't say I'm a bulk beer buyer, so all the info these guys gave me was helpful.  Most people may know this, but you can only buy cases of beer here, no six packs.  Happy beer swilling!
4	Great all-around beer distrib' at the bottom end of West Liberty Blvd.Lot of higher-end micro-brews(the fashionable name is "Craft-beer" nowadays )but they rarely put any of the better ones in the walk-in cooler (my biggest complaint about this place...)   They are catering a good deal to joe-yinzer-six pack types with the beer in that cooler.  Their bread & butter, I guess.They also own/run "McNeilly Beer", a 6 and 12- pack shop over on McNeilly Road(their prices are insanely/perversely HIGH.  )
1	So the OWNER of West Liberty Beer and Tobacco threatened to kick my ass today at his store... Long store short I was returning a keg a friend of mine got from for his wedding and the store did not offer him the proper tap. I tried to return the untapped keg and the Owner knew of the situation and told me he would only give me $30 deposit. He said the beer is probably spoiled and he cant take it. I called him out on his bullshit that storing the keg at 60 degrees would not "spoil" it but he wouldn't even let me speak and kept interrupting and answering calls. So of course after being so rude certain choice words were exchanged. I asked to speak with a manager and he said " I am the motherfucking owner!" So I gave up, realizing this guy was the biggest jackass I ever met so I started wheeling the keg back out to my car on the dolly and i finally told him to fuck off and he ran over and tried grabbing the dolly off me and said " You cant use my dolly now!" After getting the keg in my car as we are still arguing I said "I never met a motherfucking owner like you in my entire life!" He put his chest to mine and put his finger in my face and said "call me that one more time and Ill beat ur ass right here" Of course i did call him it several more times and he stormed off. Really thought he was gonna hit me though. Unbelievable that people like this own businesses and conduct them self in such a poor manner! BOYCOTT WEST LIBERTY BEER AND TOBACCO!!
