2	For start I love the NPs. Very kind and caring. My review is for the Dr they call Dr. Sunny. Very arrogant, with terrible bedside manner. For starters he refuse to refill a prescription for my son. We had just moved to the area and this is a med my son had been on for over a year. Never said he would try and contact my sons old doctor or try to obtain his old medical records. He just said flat out No. I filled out the forms for the office staff so they could request my sons records. Did they do it? Nope.  Then my husband goes into to see him for horrible knee pain that he has had for the past five days. He cant walk, sleep, function. He had a history of a previous infection in that same knee where he was hospitalized. Did Dr. Sunny care? Nope. Blew him off that it was some sprain. Ordered labs and an MRI. That could take up to two days to schedule. Did he offer any advice on how to manage the pain or the horrendous swelling of his knee?? NO. Did he offer any pain meds? NO. Not even some stronger Motrin.  Be warned!!! Avoid this doctor at all costs. I cant speak for the other MDs in this group. We will be leaving this practice as soon as possible.
1	Terrible experience with getting refills. I was promised that the prescription for my asthma inhaler will be at the pharmacy within 24 hours, when they didn't even call it in. Did I mention, it is asthma, we are talking about. This is the second time I have this happening to me. I'm done with them.
5	I would never go to another doctor again. Dr. Schlotterback is the best doctor Ive ever been too. He properly diagnoised a condition Ive had for 15 years that has gone untreated. Finally, relief! His staff is professional and courtious. I love their online system- you can email your doctor, request appts, med refills, all from your computer! My whole family and extended family goes here now!
4	Nice staff, good docs but front desk really slow. Waited nearly 20 minutes in line and there were only two people in front of me.
1	I hate this place!! They over charge, the staff is horrible and the wait is terrible. I went in to get shots for nursing school and I literally waited for 2 hours. I saw 4 different people and none of them could help me. When all of it was over, I left completely disappointed. I've been a patient of there's for several years. I've been in desperate search for a new doctor but for some reason I always go back. After this experience I rather go to the ER then to go to this place again!!
1	I will  have to agree with some of the other posts that have been written on how this is practice is run. I have even chatted with the so called office manager, although she seem caring, each time my mom has had to go to the office, the wait is horrible, then when you get to see the doctor, they spend 2 seconds with you, for your hour plus, sometime two hours of wait time and not even address everything. This last visit was a follow up to a hospital stay for my mom and I brought all the info the hospital gave me which included all the meds she was on and was put on during her stay. Dr. Suni did not address one of the meds, so  I called on June 30th and still never heard anything as of this morning and it is now the 7th of July. After a 25 min hold time and not wanting to leave another message to go un answered, I did the long hold wait and  finally got a person to talk with.. She proceeded to tell me that a script was called in on the 3rd, but no one bothered to call me to let me know it was taken care of. I never received a call from the pharmacy either, which would have been a sign that it had been taken care of. So I was told it was faxed over and again they apologized for the bad follow up again. I personally think they take too many patients for the amount of rooms and doctors they have available. I know no one likes to get sick and go to the doctors, but when you do this office is not one that I love to go to and I personally would never be a patient here. Unfortunately  with my mom's age and health issues, to start over with someone else and having to rely on them sending complete records to another doctor in hope it gets done correctly is two fold, as I feel anyway I turn it is going to be a mess. Very frustrating!!
3	I actually like to come here. It is usually fairly easy to get in and get out, and be seen the same day. Dr. Flyte is really good. Dr. Suni could use some bedside manners training. I did wait an awful long time for bloodwork in their new location, but the techs are always nice and good at what they do. I like the nurse practitioners.
5	Great family care physicians.  New offices too!
5	I have been going to Gilbert Center for Family Medicine for 20 years, I know I will get good care there, the wait can be long at times, I get a little frustrated but that is pretty much my only complaint.  Knowledgeable and courteous.
5	Gilbert Center for Family Medicine has been my primary doctor's office for 10 years.  They are wonderful at getting me in in emergencies and getting me the medical assistance i need. I especially like the fact they have a blood lab on site!  Their new location is super organized and nice. It is a pain to have to wait sometimes for my appointment time, but I understand the doctors and NPs are taking their time with the patients - just like they will with me.
5	Highly recommend!!
1	You can do better than this. Incompetent doctor(s) and office staff. I am a nurse and to characterize this office as nothing but a frustration is a compliment.
2	This review is for a particular nurse practitioner  named Roxy Anderson, I've seen her twice{I should have never gone back to her} both times she went on and on about my blood sugar levels but not in a caring way but in a bitching ranting way. I tried to tell her I've lost weight,changed my eating habits and am coming in on a regular basis but it was almost like she had a bad day and just wanted to take it out on me.There is more to this but I'd rather not share the entire story.  My experience with her has soured me on nurse practitioners, maybe they don't have as much person to person experience as a real doctor.I'll go back because it's a convenient office and the first time I was in I saw a real doctor and he seemed like a nice guy{Dr Flyte} I'll see him again.This happened a couple of months ago, I would have written this sooner but I didn't realize that yelp covered doctors offices. I'm glad I looked it up.
2	I was in the waiting room for at least 30 min after arriving early to fill out papers.  Then, I waited in the next room for almost 45 min. (At about 30 min, I stuck my head out and said, did you guys forget about me? They said no, but no apology.) When Roxy finally came, no apology about the incredibly long wait. I expected that they must take a long time because they spend good quality time with each patient. I didn't feel like Roxy cared at all. Like the reviewer Mark E. said, she talked to me in a demeaning manor. I can't figure out why they were even so backed up when my appointment was first thing in the morning at 8:30 AM! Unless Roxy was still asleep in bed when I got there.I will not be coming back. The best thing I can say is that the x ray was fast.
5	Wow!  Reading some of these reviews, I have to think they were posted by the "competition."  I have to say that Gilbert Center for Family Medicine is the best clinic I have been to in 25+ years.  I see Dr. Sunny and Roxie, the NP.  Both have addressed my medical issues professionally and with care.  Personally, I don't need a shoulder to cry on (like it seems with some of these reviewers).  I want to know what's up, and what can I and/or the provider do about it.  If my cholesterol or blood sugars or heartbeat is out of whack, I want to hear about it, so we can begin to fix it.  I give the Gilbert Center for Family Medicine my highest recommendation.
1	Twice in a row, after waiting 15 minutes past my scheduled time, do I have to proactively find out it will be another 45 minutes. Is this a cable company or a family doctor? Time to find someone new.
2	Impossible to contact during lunch hour even though they are still taking appointments and seeing patients. They need a backup to answer urgent phone calls. So frustrating, I'm going to change to another office, life's too short to deal with things like this.
1	We will never return. Our appointment was in 10 minutes and a lady walked in 15 minutes after us and was told there was only one provider and the wait is one hour to an hour and a half and she was taken in 15 minutes. We walked out and the front desk said the reason there was a wait was because of walk ins and urgent appointments. Not cool. Was told this place was amazing and I will never return or recommend.
