5	the coffee quality is as stellar here as the tempe location. they moved the clover here too. they serve a 12oz  from the clover in a ceramic cup and pair it with something to eat. for example, i had the finca la illusion with a clementine (its amazing btw). its a little bit more pricey than the drip from tempe cartel (the coffee i had was the most expensive by a dollar or two and it was five dollars). they were also pouring some single origin espresso when i was there which was cool. i don't know if they are regularly going to have some other espresso in addition to the black market. i think those are the major notably difference in the products they are serving.they do not roast at this location, but they do carry all the coffees they have in tempe. i beleive, like in tempe, they sell bags of coffee and they will grind the beans for whatever device you use if you want them to. the location is smaller than the tempe cartel and a bit more upscale. it also seems like it is less crowded than the tempe location (to be fair, i came in on new years eve so i don't know how representative that is). all and all, really awesome. probably a better coffee experience than the tempe location, but the hours are much more restrictive.
4	If the biggest coffee geek on the planet had a basement to himself, this is what he would create -- a lab, indeed. The coffee experts can get their rocks off on all the high tech brewing equipment, and the single-origin coffee, and food pairings, and what have you. On the other hand, the dilettantes and casual coffee enjoyers can get an excellent brew, without too much condescension. Yes, you will get a cocked eyebrow and a gentle suggestion that you pass on the cream, or other additives. But there is no sneering, and you will get your accoutrements if you ask for them. And you will have to ask, since they are stashed out of sight.All is all, it's a cozy little lab to get your coffee geek on, no matter what end of the spectrum you hail from.
4	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):9 Food & Bev10 Service9 Atmosphere8 ValueThis could be a 5-star eventually, but I was there for the Grand Opening so I haven't really seen it under normal conditions yet, which will be a requirement before I can consider granting a Red Star Rating.For example, under normal conditions I don't expect I'll be able to get a free 15 minute chair massage.Also, I don't expect they'll have a platter of free breakfast burritos w/ caramelized onions, spinach, and bacon.Also, I don't expect they'll have a platter of free delicious cinnamon sugar scones.And lastly, I don't expect they'll have some super fantabulous spicy chai tea with a tasty froth on top that was just PERFECT with that cinnamon sugar scone.Wait, that last one they will still have.And actually that second and third ones they will still have too, except that i'll just have to trade some green pieces of paper for them next time.Hot damn!  I'll be back there again!Now, will it be open on weekends when I can go there more often?...
5	Cartel Coffee is a tasty diamond in the rough. Since moving to Phoenix, I have been rather unimpressed with the food and drink of this town. The coffee at Cartel is quite unique from other options in the area, with complicated flavors and delightfully different beans. It is kind of like the first time I drank really great wine.
3	I'm giving it 3 stars because I have hope. Since "The Daily Grind" closed I have been looking for a replacement for my occasional coffee/chai stop. I'm not one to resort to one of the BIG name shops. I prefer supporting the more local ventures. So I stopped in on my walk in to work the other morning. It was empty but I was eagerly greeted as I made my way to the counter. I ordered the large Americano, and waited. As I waited I enjoyed the simplicity of the shop. I didn't see any sweets or treats to go with my java, and then I look down to notice that the espresso machine had a part being held up by a plastic cup that had crushed under the weight of this part and water was dripping on the counter. And I continued to wait. No one was before me and no one right after... I finally got my coffee and went on my way. Served very hot, as far as the flavor, ehh the jury is still out. Several of my coworkers have also tried to give these guys a chance but they have commented on how long it takes to just get a regular cup o'joe. A few of my coworkers have also complained about the sizes offered (the small is pretty small and the large is only medium at the other places). They then are willing to wait in the long line at one of the BIG names. Again I have hope! I will give them at least 3 if not 4 tries...and we shall see...I would like to see them succeed.
4	The tea and chai are excellent in this easily missed coffee shop. The atmosphere was great and the barista was super friendly. I also tried a bite of a lemon scone, and it was quite tasty. My hope is that this place can grow and be open on the weekends. It would be a perfect coffee shop to walk to and enjoy morning. Also I think they need a little more sign-age. I almost completely missed  the door. Its a hidden gem.
4	I've heard of Cartel Coffee before, but I had no idea this place had just opened until one of the employees came to drop off some flyers in my office for free coffee.  This place is located right off the light rail on 1st street close to the light rail stop at the convention center (where I get off at.)  Place is open 7AM to 7PM.  Location is new, and has plenty of seating.  Menu is decent for coffee, but I noticed that they literally have NOTHING to eat at this location.  No pastries, bagels, nothing.  I assume its because they just opened.  Hopefully once this location gets up and running, they will have a regular stock of something to munch on.I got a cup of coffee, and he made it fresh by the cup!  Holy crap!  NICE!  Coffee was perfect.  I really liked that.  Plus, the guy who helped me was really cool and nice too.  I will definately be returning here again.  Loved it!  O, and  they have free wifi too!
4	On the same day we went to Matt's I found myself back downtown in the early afternoon.  It was Cartel's grand opening or so I had heard on Twitter.  I pulled right up and walked in.  The guys behind the counter were friendly and helpful.  One of them made me the creamiest mocha I have ever had.  It was delish!!  I would have licked the bottom of the cup but my manners wouldn't let me.  They has snacks out too.  I had a delicious scone with my mocha.  And then, I found out that they were giving free 15 minute massages.  I was there!Chris, the massage therapist, was great.  He was so professional and answered some of my questions.  So I walked out of Cartel feeling refreshed and ready to go to my next stop.  Thanks Cartel!
5	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):9 Food & Chai10 Service9 Atmosphere8 ValueI've been here a lot and I've tried many other coffee shops around town now, and this is by far the best chai.  I don't drink coffee so that's all I can tell you.  Plus I always get one of their daily scones.  Scone+chai = heaven.Once, after having a just a sample of a breakfast burrito earlier, i bought a full one.  It was bigger than I had bargained for.My only beef is that they need some better signage!!!  I will walk out of my way to go here, and know where it is, and have been here before, and i will STILL pass it by a few steps before I realize I'm there.  There's no way in hell that people will just be able to walk by and go "oh, that looks cool, let's check that out", because they will NEVER see it.  A place that works exclusively off word of mouth?  That's how things work in the burbs, but frankly the downtown location is wasted if that's the marketing tactic, because being in a downtown environment is all about being visible to, noticed by, and accessible by pedestrian traffic.
3	I've been holding off on writing this review because I feel awful giving it three-stars (though I've been debating two). I've gone 5 times, hoping that every time would be better. However, I've had maybe one four-star worthy experience, and that was only the last time I went. I was excited to have another local coffee shop downtown, within walking distance from our office. We were big supporters and couldn't wait for the soft opening and then the grand opening (which was actually a great launch event). As someone who loves supporting local when I can, I had such high expectations for this place, which is probably where I'm to blame. I have yet to have outstanding customer service, and sometimes quite the opposite. It takes a painstakingly long time for them to make the drinks. Their sizes are very small in comparison to other coffee joints (including local ones), and pretty pricey. My coworkers complain to me that they don't give discounted refills for iced tea. They have taken my order and charged it, then informed us they ran out of soy. While refunding my order, they didn't offer anything for the inconvenience. I guess I just expected more. But hey, the coffee is actually good, but I'm the kind of gal that would rather have a positive experience instead.I wanted to like this place, I really did. I'll keep going back when I can during office meetings, hoping to keep getting good experiences. I want everyone reading this to try it for themselves and continue to support local - but for me, I'll go with tried and true corporate coffee instead for the majority of my latte purchases.
5	my friend took me here for a cappuccino today. it was the smoothest espresso i have ever tasted! i will definitely be going back.
4	Just like Amy B, I found out this place opened because someone came by my nearby office building with 2-for-1 flyers. I've probably been back three times since and have definitely been impressed with the drinks I've had - Americano and a pineapple mango iced tea. I also had a delicious handmade scone one of the visits. Definitely don't come if you're in a rush, as the cashier/barista can be a bit slow. (Quality takes time, and he's playing two roles). Another drawback is that while the spaces are optimized for working on laptops (I love the four-person table by the door), there are no plugs available and the wireless info (the fact that they had it or the login info) wasn't front and center. I had to walk up and ask, which was a bit weird. Regardless, I definitely like this place for a good handcrafted beverage and I'm sure I'll return many times as long as I'm working or living close by.
5	lets just say that I didn't particularly care for coffee til I had Cartel!! Just a great clean flavor! mmmm...my favorites are the Iced Toddy, Espresso Excelente (which is double shot with homemade horchata) and the cappuccino!  There are only 2 coffee's I drink in this town, and Cartel is one, the other is secret!
4	Eureka!  I have found it!For several weeks now I have been obsessed with the iced coffee at the Hillside Spot Cafe.  One day while waiting in line I noticed the chalkboard list of local vendors they use, and see none other than the Cartel Coffee Lab.  With much excitement, I went home to do my online research like any good (yet not quite elite, for now, anyway) Yelper would do.  First I found the Tempe location, and then noticed the downtown location.  Holy cow!!  They are only three blocks from my office building!  I felt like I had won the lottery (except for the fact I still have to go to work)!!Today was my first time back in the office since finding this new information and you better believe I made the walk to Cartel to get me some of the best iced coffee I have ever had!  They had a sign up, by the way.It was about 7:40, no other customers were there until we were leaving.  We got our drinks quick and were on our way back to work in just minutes.  It is going to be very hard for me to no go here every morning, but really, is that so horrible?  I can't wait to go back again and again to see if everything is as good as that iced coffee.  If so, consider the fifth star "in the mail."  Next on the list, the chai and maybe a snack.Thank you, Hillside for introducing me to the Cartel Coffee Lab!
3	So I'm a huge fan of Cartel, but I think this is an excellent opportunity to keep them in check -- based on a couple of troubling things I observed on my last visit to this location.First, when I walked in to meet with a colleague, I realized that things were already a little tense between him and the barista.  This was only made worse when he requested a few pieces of ice in his espresso, to which the barista simply replied, "It'll ruin the coffee, but I'll do it if you still want the ice."  I know these guys -- they are coffee snobs in a good way, so I think they ought to try and educate the general public about their passion and be wildly successful.  But tone is sometimes everything.  I literally had to turn my head away to hide my grinning as these two exchanged words through clenched teeth.Next lady in line, I think, had a crush on the barista or something.  She would not leave him alone about the width of his bike tires.  Not my problem, lady. Let's go.  Please.  This is a downtown coffee shop.  I'm impatient.Begging silently for a quicker transaction process, however, did little to help things move faster.  As I placed my order for a latte, the barista proceeded to start cleaning his station.  Nice gesture, I suppose (and it was an impressively shiny station), but I'm still more hurried than you are.  This is a problem.Another glaring problem that I noticed at this point was the presence of muffins/pastries being offered for sale right beneath my nose.... and everyone else's nose who walked up to this counter before me.  I didn't think restaurants could keep the food out in front of the public in such a way.  In fact, they really shouldn't -- not without a sneeze guard at least.  And having just checked the County's food inspection website, it looks like they noticed as well.  Let's hope that this issue, among others, is promptly addressed.
4	Great interior, crazy coffee.
5	Single shot of expresso -fucking crazy.  Soo good and strong.  Nothing Starbucks about the flavor.  Explaining the tier system in regards to the sale of pounds of coffee was sort of confusing.  But, I bet the coffee is worth it  judging by the expresso I had.  I'm not hungry anymore.
5	I have been back to Cartel many, many times now and this is one place that truly is "as good as it gets!"  Five stars hardly seems like enough.  If I could give them 10 stars, I would!The coffee is perfect in its simplicity.  That first, delicious sip has this uncanny way of making a not so great morning into something a little more bearable.  And every menu item I have tried has become my new favorite.  The scones, the breakfast burritos, all of it . . . it's ALL fantastic. The food is phenomenal.  The staff is super-friendly.  The atmosphere calls to me to sit down and enjoy my purchases; it is oh, so very hard hard for me to grab my coffee and go back to work.  And that walk seems so much longer when you have a delicious treat in some sort of to-go container just waiting to be consumed.My old coffee crew at work still makes the walk across the street to the chain coffee place and gives me a hard time for bailing on our tradition.  I miss walking with them, but I just can't give up my Cartel coffee.
5	Cartel is a real gem in the downtown convention area of Phoenix!  I was a little concerned with the multiple Starbucks within a few blocks around this area but was so excited to find this coffee shop just a block from the hotel. They roast their own beans and it's totally on par with the coffee I've had in the pacific northwest. We ordered an Americano and it was strong, bold, smooth but not acidic. I am a fan!I was also able to try their sumptuous breakfast burrito, a medley of fresh veggies (spinach, zucchini, roasted peppers...) with a good load of bacon and fresh pesto and cream cheese. Yum!Bonus points also for the pumpkin chocolate muffin...dark chocolate and a nice cinnamon and pumpkin flavour! Oh Yah! Bonus points for still being warm!Place is in a non descript office building but they've done a decent job with the gorgeous wood table tops, walls and kitchen area.Staff are also super friendly and they love bacon. Can we be friends!?
4	Blondie cookies. 'Nuf said.  Notable improvements each time I visit.  I am thrilled to find a spot serving Costa Rican coffee and Clover Organic dairy products.  The daily coffee options are not always presented on the menu but the team is happy to offer suggestions.  Don't be afraid to ask.  Service is not without bumps but once you try the brew, sweets and food, it is easy to overlook the shortcomings of Cartel.  I think they know that.  Some kids are justified to be too cool for school.
5	How many great things can one say about the Cartel? Does Infinity work! Yes, that was a statement, not a question. I am in love with the CC, hands down. I have traded my gold Starbucks card in for this amazingly Delicious start to my day. The iced coffee ( actually, its Toddy, which is better) is amazing. They roast their own beans, and allow the iced coffee to sit over night, creating an extremely potent concoction. The hot drinks, A+++ as well. And, the food? A+++++ (5, yup its that legit). Grab the cheddar bacon muffin... its literally heaven. No joke. Heaven. Little clouds may form above your head; white clouds of course! Not those nasty rain clouds. OK, maybe not clouds. But defiantly your day will be sunny because you stopped into Coffee Cartel. And not because you live in AZ. Duh. Only complaint I have is the hours. I live right next door, and their only open M-F (like so many places in DT-Pho). PLLLEEEEAAAASSSEEEEEE open up for the weekends!!! I'll work for free! Well...wait... I'll come visit.
5	This is my regular coffee joint so be prepared for a totally biased review. I was drowning in a sea of Starbucks before Cartel came and saved my life. Now, instead of drinking Daniel Plainview-approved office sludge I can skip three blocks and belly up at Cartel's friendly bar, continue working using their reliable Wi-Fi, and chat up friendly staff and regulars while enjoying to-die-for drips. And now that Adam Reeder's kitchen is cranking out Digby plates and Downtown's best tuna sandwich (for best results, place the potato chips ON the sandwich) Cartel is able to meet your needs for breakfast and lunch. Check out their afternoon pastry happy hour and get tasty cookies (made daily by Adam's sister) for half-price.Hopefully one day in Downtown's near future we can support a place like Cartel enough that they can stay open for dinner and on weekends. Dare to dream.
5	Downright awesome and extremely hip. A non-traditional, very out there, but very hidden coffee joint.You can't see this place from the street. It's kind of behind the Buffalo Exchange. It's almost the last place you would expect to find a coffee shop. As soon as you walk in there are really bright and vivid paintings, this is kind of what makes it way out there. Barista was very friendly and asked us how the weather was, always cool to have some small talk instead of the drone, "what can i get for you..." Wait, that basically sounds like the boring coffee-grinders at Starbucks.I gotta have my lattes. I will drink regular coffee sometimes, but my soft spot is a well made latte. Amazing enough, places like Starbucks just don't know how to make lattes, I give up on Starbucks. Their beans suck, and apparently their frothing machines do too, because everytime I go there it seems like they just warm my milk and mix it with some coffee. The latte here was PERFECT. The milk was perfectly frothy, which in my opinion is what makes a latte a latte. Coffee had a nice roasted flavor to it. Amazingly, there are tons of coffee shops out there that can't do decent lattes. This is my new coffee place.Good music choice here, its like new age elevator music, calm soothing hip hop and pop. Awesome atmosphere, quiet enough to study and have a conversation, yet lively enough to come for just a cup of caffeine. Skip the Starbucks and "Sex in the City" sorority girl drinks and come here.Only problem was that I think they only have small or large lattes, and it was like $4 for a large. That's like $0.50 to a $1 too much in my honest opinion. Oh well, I think I'd still pay that when I'm craving a latte.
5	Great coffee, super friendly service, awesome food, what else could you ask for from a coffee shop?So happy this place is walking distance from my work.The toddy is a sweet pick me up!
5	Awesome, Big Ben sandwich is delish and chocolate/strawberry scones is one of the best I have ever had, and can't forget to mention the coffee and tea, great place
4	Cartel is not your run of the mill coffee shop.  They have exceptional coffee, teas and offer a variety of breakfast choices, sandwiches and some salads.  They are conveniently located in the heart of downtown, within walking distance.  This is a sister location from their main coffee lab in Tempe.They roast their beans in Tempe and ship to this location daily to ensure a fresh and delicious brew.  Like most other coffee places, they are very selective in the coffee they buy for their customers.  They seem to be proficient roasters for their coffee is smooth and ambrosial. I like their breakfast especially the Big Ben ~ English muffin with scramble-ee eggs, bacon, tomato topped with harvarti cheesy goodness and some yummy chipotle aioli!  You'll need a couple of napkins : -)  They also have a couple of salad choices ~ cob, spring mix and tuna,  which is what I will try on my next visit. Suggestion: If you're going to meetings downtown, stop buy and pick up a great cup of joe at Cartel on your way to your destination, then go back to Cartel after lunch.  They usually have "pastry happy hour" in the afternoons with half priced bakery goods.  Take some delicious delights home with you to share with your family after dinner.
5	This has definitely become one of my favorite go to places while at work in downtown Phoenix.  Whether I just need some morning caffeine or I need an excuse to get out of the office - it's off to Cartel and it's not hard to find someone to tag along. I used to be a Starbucks Junkie, but have officially become addicted to Cartel.  I can have a Toddy (their iced coffee) anytime of the day, in any weather...even if it's freezing outside.  The best part, I can go back in the afternoon and get another delicious toddy, no charge.The coffee isn't the only thing that keeps me coming back.  Their homemade pastries are to die for.  Initially I was hooked on the Bacon Chocolate Chip cookies made fresh generally on Friday mornings (what a great way to end your work week).  More recently, I went back in the afternoon for their 'Happy Hour' specifically for pastries.  I tried one of their Bacon Cheddar Scones.  Oh my, I shouldn't have gone there - more afternoon trips to come.  It was delicious and made a perfect accompaniment with a good hot soup too!  I ate it with dinner, but I'm sure it would be just as good for breakfast.Can't wait to continue to experience all that Cartel has to offer...I just hope I can get a Cartel cup soon.  It's time to get rid of all the Starbucks ones I have and start a new collection.
4	No nonsense coffee place with a simple chalk board with the types of coffee and the ways they will prepare it.  Not a huge selection of baked goods.  You get the sense that the proprieters are a little joyless and a little wary of corporate folks who want to grab a madeline with their $6.00 latte.  I like that angry streak.  their coffeee actually features in a drink that Nobuo's Teeter House offers on their menu which is coffee mixed with bourbon.  How genius is that.  They don't need to be nice, they just need to believe in their product.  And the product, is top notch.
4	I still like Lux better. Cartel is very appealing, though, to those who know their coffee. The menu is not huge, but it does offer basic, good drinks. They have plenty of syrups to flavor your drinks, if that's what you're into.I like the atmosphere in there, and the bike wheel "art" is pretty interesting and unique.This place is probably really great to study in, considering the fact that I see a sea of macbook apples every time I walk in here. The employees are funny and nice. Anyway, it is definitely worth checking out.
5	There are so many good options for coffee now in downtown but for me, Cartel is the best of the best. They have a good selection of brews(particularly some really interesting choices from Costa Rica and Nicaragua)and an awesome breakfast and lunch menu. And the atmosphere is really cool. What also stands out to me is the service. I always get my Americano served up by a big smile and a "How's your day going?" Definitely no coffee snob attitude here and I love it.
5	I have been to cartel in Tempe many many times, so when I had jury duty I had to try out the downtown shop! I gotta say, the espresso is a little smoother at this location. The barista was friendly and the sandwich was good too! I have been back two other times since an the results were the same.
5	We had a business meeting here and pretty much took over the place.  It was early in the morning and there was still room for the other customers.  We got yummy eggs and muffins, and probably the bet cup of vanilla latte that I've ever had.  If I lived in the area, this would be a regular haunt for me.
5	The most fabulous coffee in the city. The best service once you warm up to the barristers& a sustainability crusader!
5	The iced tea is amazing, as are the baked goods. I have been known to eat an entire maple scone before even getting back to my office.  I don't drink coffee but I hear it's amazing.  Pass by the Starbucks on the corner and head to Cartel!
1	Mean short hairy guy with too many piercings treated me and my colleagues very bad today. We will never visit this place again. All the law / architecture firms in the area joke about their attitude problem and we thought they were exaggerating but it turned out to be true. One thing is to tell someone they should drink coffee a certain way and another thing is to rule a coffee shop as a sole dictatorship. Cartel Coffee Management, please revise employee's attitude towards clientele."Nobody can be so amusingly arrogant as a young man who has just discovered an old idea and thinks it is his own." -Sydney J. Harris
5	Probably the best cup of coffee I've ever had. Definitely the best I've found in downtown Phoenix.  I'm definitely going back for some more coffee and to sample the breakfast menu.  Excellent service from very helpful staff who talk about coffee the way some people talk about wine. Get a coffee from the Clover machine and drink it black, even if that's not how you normally drink it.
5	I LOVE this place. It's close to campus and has free WiFi. It's the ONLY place I go for a chai tea latte. No one makes it better than Cartel. (Trust me, I've been to wayyy too many coffee shops trying their chai lattes) The only downside is that the coffee lab is small, and sometimes it's hard to find a table.
5	If you are looking for the best coffee and pastries in Phx look no further. The honey latte here is by far my favorite as well as any cookie, or the salted caramel bar. The staff here really know their coffee, not to mention they are all really cool people as well. If you are in downtown make it a point to stop in !!!!
4	delicious caps and mochas!
5	They serve food here too!
5	This place has the most delicious scones I have ever tasted. And coffee but I'm no authority on that. But wow the scones. And once I got a breakfast burrito. Really tasty. Last summer I was an intern in Phoenix. It was a strange experience but when I needed a pick me up (scone), Cartel was worth the walk.
5	This place is the real deal.  For some background, I'm from San Francisco so I've had some great locally-roasted coffee, attended coffee cuppings, and roast my own.  On an extended business trip I went to Cartel every single morning and they always impressed me:* really friendly, knowledgeable staff who takes pride in the brewing and origination of the coffee* the barista offers great recommendations based on your tastes (as if you were ordering wine with a meal).* every item I have tried - the breakfast eggs, the pastries, and - of course - the coffee, has been phenomenal.  Always better than expected.* a great place to hang out with friends around a table, lounge on the couch, or even grab a laptop and meet with someone.  Quiet enough, but by no means a library.Go here!!
5	Some of the best tasting salads and sandwiches in downtown Phoenix.  Freshest ingredients and completely original flavor combinations.  Baked goods also offer something special, that home made flavor and texture.  There is always an array of hearty cookie choices to choose from.  Nice informal atmosphere, mix of students and office workers.  A little sidewalk seating if you're so inclined.  Others have already raved about the drinks so I don't need to here.  If you are interested in supporting locally owned businesses that are offering something special, go here.  It is surprising how many downtown regulars do not know of this little gem when you mention it, but that will change based on Cartel's great offerings.
5	really really really good espresso.
5	I go to the Tempe location often since I'm usually at Cowtown or Casey's right around the corner, and it's a great place to run in and grab a drink or sit for a while and chat.  I met a friend there not too long ago who, surrounded by $900 bikes and dozens of Mac books reflecting in Ray Bans, proclaimed that she was "not cool enough" to be there.  However, after a while of smelling the freshly brewed coffee and taking in the unique art, she changed her mind.Try the dirty whore.  It's a house-made horchata with a shot of espresso.  YEEEEES.
5	I'm a bit of a coffee snob so my first order of business was to find a good coffee shop on our trip. This was by far one of the best coffee shops I've been to. It rivals Old Soul Coffee in Sacramento, CA. The staff was very friendly, helpful and knowledgable with the coffee they roast themselves. The coffee was awesome; definitely spend the extra $$ for the Clover Machine coffee. We also had the omlette for breakfast and tuna salad for lunch. Both of which were spectacular. We enjoyed the atmosphere as well. The space had a lot of character with their metal/industrial feel without being too corporate (SB) or trashy (like a lot od local coffee shops can be). There was plenty of seating as well.
3	It's about the Integrity of the Coffee?!Really, you talk down to me (the short little man behind the counter) because putting my Americano in a 16 oz cup will ruin the integrity of the espresso.  This is laughable, rude and downright ridiculous and your coffee, while good, is not the best around.So I go in and order a 16 oz Americano.  The very friendly young woman behind the counter informs me that they can only make a 12 oz Americano (even though they do have 16 oz cups) and offers to add shots to the 12 oz Americano.  She says that it is about the integrity of the coffee.  I ask, very politely, if they can pour the 12 oz Americano in a 16 oz cup.  Why?  Because, I happen to like milk with my coffee.  The young woman (I would use her name but I do not know it) said she was not sure if she could and conferred with apparently the person in charge - maybe an owner, maybe a manager and definitely what I would consider an unnecessary, condescending coffee snob.  He tells me that they only do a 12 oz American in a 12 oz cup because, apparently, the integrity of the coffee will be ruined if the 12 oz Americano is put in a 16 oz cup.  (Can someone explain to me two things please.  One, when did coffee, wait, excuse me espresso, obtain a personality and gain integrity?  Second, what lab work has been done that has determined that the integrity of espresso changes when poured from a 12 oz cup to a 16 oz cup?)Then he looks at me, and in probably the most condescending tone I have heard from someone who is trying to run a business in downtown Phoenix say, "Why, do you want to put milk in it?"  As if milk was the mortal enemy of the human race.  I said yes, I did.  He then threw up his hands and with a heavy sigh said to the woman behind the counter, to just do it (twice) and he walked away.   I paid for the coffee, had milk put into it (btw, they have cream on the counter, along with sugar and fake sugar and simple syrup to put in the coffee).  The coffee is good, though it is bitter.  I can think of 2 or 3 other places where the coffee is better and that will get my business.  You, Cartel people, run a coffee shop.  You are a service industry trying to make a go of it in downtown Phoenix.  Customers are not always right, but treating customers badly is poor form  Good luck to you and may your espresso always maintain whatever integrity you feel it should have.
4	these guys are great - they have are walking distance from any office tower downtown, have a good selection of coffee from all around the world and a fantastic menu of locally sourced food & delicious sweet treats.they could do a little more with the decor.. but then i like homey, comfy feeling coffee shops best!  be sure to check out their pastry happy hour in the afternoons for 1/2 price pastries!
4	Good coffee. Girls who used to work there was very unpleasant, and a horrible barista.
5	What?!? There is a Cartel Coffee downtown?! How did I miss this for so long???!! I only "discovered" this location while aimlessly wandering around on my lunch break a few weeks and have been back weekly since!  The staff here is great and friendly. And, as one of them told me, they treat coffee like more of a science here.  They know their stuff and are always sure to highlight some of the tasting and flavor notes within a particular blend.Their toddys are the best I've had and their pastries are divine! And to make it even better, their baked goodies are all half off starting at 1:30 in the afternoon - which happens to perfectly match my lunch hour.
5	Best coffee in downtown PHX. The barisas are great folks.
5	Usually the place is packed whenever I go there, but the chai tea latte is worth it. Has a great vibe as well and the best of all: FREE WIFI!
5	I stumbled across this place after missing my usual Light Rail stop on my way to pick up a Zipcar at the downtown ASU campus.First I tried my usual caffeine fix...a nonfat double latte. Excellent.Second trip back, I gave the breakfast burrito (plus bacon) a try. Delicious. The tortilla was as good as everything inside.Third trip, a beet salad and a bacon chocolate chip cookie. Bacon and chocolate for the win!I've been here three times and have not been disappointed. The decor is modest, but functional, as it should be at a good business with honestly good food. The barista is not only knowledgable and skilled, but is also a genuine sweetheart.It's just a couple of blocks from the Jefferson and First Street Light Rail stop (East bound), so I've been stopping by on my way to work.
5	Really nice set up. Great coffee, great service, understated and interesting layout. Almost a conservative industrial interior decoration with artistic and contemporary sensibilities. Interesting choice of art displays that reflect the feeling of the overall scene. All the staff I have encountered are very friendly with genuine personalities. I look forward to making at least one trip back before my conference ends, and will surely be back again next time I am in Phoenix.
5	Nom nom nom.  Great lattes. I like the vibe of the phx location--very chill.
5	We came to the down town location for the first time yesterday and I was even more impressed.  The service was sooo nice, the food was great, and the coffee was to die for of course.  We had the breakfast sandwich with bacon and the burrito with bacon, they were both great, I liked the sandwich the best, the chipotle made it sooo yummy.  They aren't small, we could have shared one and been full.
5	All the reviews tell it straight! The 'What's a Burrito' was delicious. Ingredients amazingly fresh and succulent.  Very friendly staff and the use Square Up as their cash register ...which means you never have to pull your wallet out. Just smile and state your name then they'll email you your receipt!  Cartel is another great reason to be downtown
3	The coffee is decent, the atmosphere is just about right. But damn it's loud in there. A little sketched out by the bird feathers and thick layer of dust all over the seemingly active roasting equipment.... extra flavor?
2	If you want be told how to drink your coffee, this is the place for you.  I love the fact that they roast their own coffees, etc.  Great.  But three things frustrated me...1.  My pregnant friend wanted a decaf Americano with a half of a shot of espresso.  The baristra refused to make that.  When we asked why, we were told "because it would ruin the taste."  So, although the customer wanted it that way, they refused to make it.  We were told it had to be entirely caffeinated or decaffeinated.2.  There is no sugar or sugar substitutes anywhere in the place.  After they refused to make my friend her drink, I didn't want to ask about the sugar and get a lecture about why I could not have any to put into my coffee.3.  They have very nice looking, giant cookies.  And the cookies tasted great.  But it was still raw in the middle.  Kinda crappy when it costs over $2.I got an iced coffee, which was good...less bitter than normal iced coffees.  But between the rap music blasting (not the most soothing coffee shop choice, but does work with the name of the shop) and the lack of "give the customer what the customer wants" attitude, I think I won't be going to this place again.  I love suggestions about how to enjoy, drink, and appreciate my coffee.  But if I want to ruin my coffee, let me do it.
5	Wow, this place is amazing.  I first started coming here for a good cup of coffee in between meetings downtown.  They have some of the best espresso drinks I've ever had.  They also have some kind of "clover" machine that allows the barista to control many aspects of how the coffee is brewed, etc.I have been meaning to grab breakfast/lunch there as all of the food looks amazing.  Today, I stopped in for some lunch and the barista/waitress suggested a wrap variation of their turkey sandwich that included roasted peppers, pesto, and some other goodies.  I have to say this is the best lunch I've had in Phoenix and will be a regular from now on.  This place is a new favorite!
4	It was like I walked into a episode of Portlandia - from the in-depth narrative of how they make their clover coffee to the description of the special bakery where they get their muffins.  That being said, the staff were very nice, the atmosphere was great and the (clover) coffee was fantastic.
3	I figured it out.  Phoenicians are so deprived of good coffee, they have no idea what it is, and if it bit them in the ass they still wouldn't know what it was.I don't let friends drink Starbucks so I certainly wasn't feeling Sbux when I was at a conference here, about two blocks from this joint.  As far as coffee goes, this place was ok.  I got an iced mocha with an extra shot (on the recommendation of the barista when I said I was from NYC and needed some "good shit.").  The people were very nice there.  The coffee though...I've had better.  Sorry.  But the kicker was the peanut butter bacon chocolate chip cookie.  Well all righty.  Interesting concept, not sure I'd get it again though.
4	I am on jury duty twice a week for 4 months. ( I am retired and it gives me a chance to see a part of Phoenix I have not had reason to visit. Each day I have eaten at a different place. Cartel Coffee Lab is more than coffee. They also serve breakfast and lunch. Not sure about dinner. I would call the decor and lay out as trendy but I really don't pay much attention to decor. I decided on the BLT. On ordering it I was informed that there was an egg on the BLT and was that OK. I spent several weeks in Canada and there is a chain of restaurants by the name of Tim Horton that serve a BELT. (Beacon, Egg, Lettuce, Tomato.) So My answer was definitely that is OK. The sandwich I had was very good. The lady that waited on me was extremely nice. After finishing my sandwich she came over and asked me how I liked it and spent some time just talking to me. Great Customer Service.Why not 5 stars? I usually have to eat a couple of times to give out a 5. If get to eat there again and get the same great service and food I will revise my score to a 5.  If you are down town. Go see them I know you will be happy with their food and service. I will try their expresso next trip and I feel it will be good also.
1	Said I was going to try their coffee or expresso. Gave them a try this morning. Ordered two shots of expresso with an inch of foam. They made jokes about the amount of foam which I found very tasteless, arrogant and rude. The drink I order came and it was not what I had ordered. Again time to listen to a very rude person. Two shots of expresso and an inch of foam should be about two inches in the cup they use. There was less than in inch. I questioned them about it and received some mumbo jumbo about the foam being in the expresso. I believe what he was trying to say was I know more about expresso than you and I know how not you what you want. Really turned me off. I do not profess to be an expert on expresso. I have been drinking it for the past 30 years all way from Italy, Greece, and across America. I am not an expert but I do know what I want. And it is not someone rude arrogant person. The taste of their expresso was just slightly better than one of the well known chains. Customer service I would rate at a D-.  At a D- you don't get a return visit.
5	Wasn't expecting much when I was looking at the front of the store, but when I walked inside I was blown away.  The coffee was great and fresh, sitting on top of a great atmosphere to blog, do HW, etc.  Definitely should try it if you have a chance!
4	I came here before the Giants/Dbacks Opening Day game and ordered the iced hazelnut latte. The latte was good but not the best I've had. I would come back if I'm in the area in the near future.
4	Visited Cartel a handful of times now for lunch during the week, they're one of the coolest coffee stops in Phoenix. Since they have such limited hours, getting there usually needs to be a planned thing. They've got a solid food menu, try pretty much anything on the menu and you won't be dissapointed. I usualy grab their turkey sandwich and sometimes a pastry of some sort.Whats up with not being open for breakfast on the weekends? I ended up at Lux on Roosevelt and 3rd ave last weekend after a couple miles bike ride into downtown only to find Cartel was closed. I guess I should have popped open yelp first to find their business hours. :( Unfortunately for all you weekenders or bar hoppers, you'll have to get your fix at another stop. I'd suggest Lux or Jobot if you're in this general vicinity during their off hours.
5	What's to say about Cartel?? If you've tried the coffee just once (no cream, no sugar. JUST THE COFFEE. And slurp it!) then you know that it's hands down the best coffee in the valley. Also, it's hipster and crap blah blah.
2	to hip for most of us.
4	Interesting little place! A hole in the wall of sorts. The employees were friendly and chatty, very willing to help. Quite knowledgeable about coffee which was fun to listen to. The order taker suggested the Cobb salad which I got. He mentioned that the dressing was his and it was award winning so I assume he is the owner (he wasn't cooking). Salad did not disappoint!!! So savory with the fried egg and the dressing was light. Havarti inside was exceptional as well. Salad did have more pepper than I prefer. Cappuccino was flavorful but a tad bitter. Regardless, I will be back.
5	Phoenix, you should be thrilled.  This is the best coffee "place" I've ever visited.  I use quotes - it's beyond a "cafe".  It is a lab.  These folks are serious - like their clientele.  The coffee is sublime.  I was in Phoenix for a conference and discovered (thank you Yelp) this amazing coffee source.  First morning was their cold brew and a Cowgirl cookie.   Totally delicious and refreshing.  Next morning I tried their Clover machine (yes, they have one!!!), this time with one of their scones.  Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!  My last mornining I ran over and got another cold brew (it's Phoenix and bloody hot!) and that fabulous Cowgirl cookie again.  Luxurious flavors.  I bought one of each of their roasts to take home and I've told them they MUST open in New York, preferably Brooklyn.  We are ready for them.  Brooklynites are the kind of coffee hounds these folks would appreciate and we are so ready for them.  If you are in Phoenix and love your coffee, go visit.  And as a bonus, the staff at this location were fantastic folks (hey, they could move to New York too, they're so cool.)  I can't rave enough about this place!  Go, visit, drink coffee!!!
4	Great iced coffee! Cold brewed?... Works for me.
5	The granola with fruit was amazing looking! Got a muffin as well as a caffe late with agave. It was such a delicious cup of coffee. Really like the atmosphere of cartel and their selection of breakfast food as well as coffee. Great location right next to the Phoenix convention center.
5	You can't get a better latte in Phoenix than at a Cartel. That's just a fact. Even more impressive is their unbelievably great food. Turkey sandwich, awesome. The freaking spring mix side salad, amazing. What really blew me away was the bacon, (fantastically runny) egg, and onion jam sandwich. I've actually been back 3 times just to get this sandwich. I don't really care for drinking espresso with this sandwich, so I hope that they start carrying some bottled drinks or something. In addition to the deliciousness, know that this is one of the most affordable lunches in downtown PHX. I don't know what most of these restaurants are doing charging so much for so little (I'm looking at you, Chloe's Corner), so it's refreshing to find a place that does amazing food for a reasonable price.
4	Good unique sandwhiches, so-so coffee, and trendy people
5	Although different than the traditional coffee shop, cartel, is arguably the best coffee shop downtown. They take more time making each cup, and thus the quality is increased but the wait is also increased. I would wager that as cartel grows in popularity the wait will become unbearable, much like Matt's big (slow) breakfast.
5	Very cool place. They've just moved a few spots down to the corner of the block; I'm not sure if they're still in the process of moving or if the decor is how they intended, but it's great - wouldn't change it if I were them.My macchiato is delicious, my BLT and its side salad are excellent. A friendly greeting when I walked in the door, staff seems very chill. Very cool that they do ordering and payment through an iPad and Square - it's nice not to deal with paper receipts. (Why don't *all* establishments default to email receipts with paper on request?) Free WiFi of course. To top it off, I almost always have headphones on when I'm hanging out in a coffee shop, but the jams here are good enough that I'm leaving them off... for now at least.
4	I stopped in here after using my Yelpy app to help me find a place for coffee and breakfast that wasn't the Starbucks in the PCC. Finding places like these are why I love Yelp. That said, I was a little lost since they had just moved and Google maps wasn't updated yet, so I was happy that I had decided to just keep walking in a straight line until I found something. And oh, I found something. The best breakfast burrito I've EVER had in my life. I don't remember what it was called, and it is not on their website, but it was full of eggs and vegetables and came with some hot sauce. The staff were very friendly and helpful since it was clear I had just stumbled into their shop. I was surprised when I tried to order a white mocha and their flavoring options were very limited, but the large vanilla late was not only pretty and made very deliberately to taste the way it did, it was quite tasty. It may have been shockingly bitter if you are used to ordering drinks with sugar syrups, but I had recently changed up my routine at my local coffee shop in Tucson to use sugar free white mocha so it was nice to mostly taste the coffee flavor in all its glory.They were also apologetic that their square app was running slow since they were still getting their Wi-fi moved from their other location, and there were a few men deciding how to hang a fairly large red chandelier, although I thought it looked like cool art right where it was on the floor. I was so happy with my find that I came back on day two of my conference and ordered the same coffee and a bacon and egg breakfast sandwich. Not only was it delicious with some tasty sauces, it was HUGE. Even though I tried my best, I couldn't eat the whole thing.
2	Let me start this negative review by saying that I do adore Cartel's cobb salad.  Adore.But I'm going to go out on a limb and say it should not take 20-30 minutes to make a cobb salad.  That's happened to me at least twice now.  The first time, the only person in the shop who could make a salad, apparently, went out to eat lunch...so I had to wait to eat lunch.  The second time, to be fair, I didn't time exactly how long it took, but I was able to listen to almost all of the new Rihanna album before I finally got up and asked for a status update.  And apparently, my salad had been sitting for who knows how long in the back.I have now been to Cartel enough times so I know how to make this salad myself.  And I'm not going back.
4	I fell in love with this place. In our short 3 day trip to Phoenix, we stopped by twice...and we didn't get much free time, so that's pretty big. The space is large and open, I'm surprised there aren't more students here studying. There is plenty of seating, and the coffee is delish. The chai is unbelievably delicious.The food here seems to be just so so for me. I got the big ben, and it's like eating a giant omelet stacked inside of an english muffin. The sauce to egg ratio was definitely off, and when we asked for more sauce, we didn't get any, even though they promised to bring it out. The onion jam on the other BLT sandwich is AMAZING. I wanted to spread it over everything.They got a knock down because their service is not the best, and the food was a bit underwhelming, especially compared to the drinks. The chai is thick and syrupy, almost a little too much, but it's great both hot and cold, but I prefer it iced.
3	I can only review based on coffee and a muffin but it was very good.  Super funky decor with chandeliers hanging low on the ground and brick face on walls.  Open kitchen created a wide roomy feel.  There were folks meeting and chatting over coffee.  Service was very quick and good.  It was weird they didnt have a caramel latte on the menu but oh well.  The coffee was fine.  :-)
3	Since moving to their new location, (just a few doors down from their old stomping grounds), the atmosphere in this once friendly neighborhood coffee shop has really changed.The homey, artistic feel has been replaced with a cold concrete and metal vibe which the aloof, hipster staff seem to mirror.The coffee however, is still some of the best in Phoenix and although I have yet to try any of the menu items from the new kitchen, I'm sure they are superb.Hopefully the new Cartel will figure out how to breathe some life back into the concrete world they have created before alienating too many of their loyal customers.
5	some of the best coffee I have ever tasted!  Nice staff also
5	I strolled in early on a Saturday morning. I had a breakfast burrito and some coffee. The food, coffee, and service was outstanding.
5	I'm not downtown often so when I was in the area for a workshop I was excited to check out the 1st Street Cartel location. Didn't have a lot of time to enjoy the atmosphere but it was an interesting place. The guy working the coffee bar was excellent, friendly and made a flavorful cup of coffee with the V60. Their wifi was on the fritz so the payment system was down. The barista apologized and gave me the coffee on the house. Wish I lived closer to this location as it was an excellent experience and the coffee lived up to the reputation.
5	I have always liked Cartel since living in Tempe. But not that I live in Phoenix I am glad there is one closer to me, I am also happy that they extended their hours. The coffee is great and the food is pretty good too. I had a veggie breakfast burrito the other day and I have to say it was really good. They are committed to awesome coffee and I love that.
4	macchiato was really good. quirky and nice open coffee shop
5	Best iced coffee of my life. Unbelievable. So fresh, so good.Very good tuna salad.Gigantic animal heads on the wall: odd.
5	If you're looking for great coffee in downtown Phoenix, this is it. Americano, Iced Toddy, Mocha latte, all on par! There are many good coffee shops down here, I think others have better pastries, but Cartel has the best coffee beans! Smooth & true to the coffee taste buds. Their breakfast burritos are insanely delish.  I also like the view out the windows of U.S. Airway & City Scape, plus it's never been crowded when I'm here!
5	A great find! They do coffee right. My breakfast burrito was outstanding. Fresh ingredients, full of flavors.
5	Possibly my favorite location for Cartel, though I do love their other locations.  As an avid coffee drinker, I find that Cartel is possibly the best roaster in Phoenix. Living in the North West for a while and coming back to AZ I found it hard to find truly great espresso for quite some time. If you're a fan of quality roasted coffee and great espresso based drinks/pourovers...I definitely recommend checking out Cartel. The only thing I do wish about this location had is longer hours, like their Tempe location.I still haven't tried their beers yet, but I'll definitely be updating my review once I get the chance. Also I'm not sure why people are bashing their interior, it fits Arizona very nicely.
5	This place was just fantastic all around.  The service was fast and very friendly.  We chatted with the baristas and servers for a bit, and they really know their coffee and products.I had a double Macchiato that was prepared perfectly, and the coffee was so sweet on its own that I didn't want any added sugar.  Their BLT has a soft egg on it, making for a very tasty sandwich that I keep thinking about.My wife had some sort of caramel pastry that seemed to be made of lightly cooked cookie dough with a huge slab of caramel in the middle.  It was simply stunning.
5	I was in downtown Phoenix headed for jury duty and missing my breakfast when my eye caught Cartel Coffee Lab.  I stopped in and tried a scone with asiago cheese and zuccini, which was fabulous.  Their coffee is excellent, too.  However, the service was the best.  The barista was very friendly and when he found out that I was doing jury duty and not 100% sure I knew where the courthouse was, he looked it up on a maps app and gave me great directions.  I didn't get much of a chance to stay, but the clean lines of their decor still gave off a warm, homey vibe and I REALLY appreciated the fact that music was not blaring like at SOME coffee store franchises and their A/C was not designed to freeze people out.
5	I just found my new favorite thing about Phoenix!  -Cartel Coffee Lab-The coffee is stellar, the Barista is friendly and loves to share his art with us! I have notched this place permanently into my best experiences in Phoenix.
5	Just finished off a business trip to downtown Phoenix.  This coffee place is pure bliss, had the Dirty Chai 3 mornings straight, and rolled the breakfast twice -  Big Breakfast Sandwich or something like that (it's huge, and full of bliss), then the Breakfast Burrito.....goodness, this was ridiculously good.  Spinach, believe Zucchini, bacon, egg, taters, maybe other goodies.  And a great hot sauce accompanying.  Just outstanding.  Loved this place, and thanks for the DJ Shadow on the i pod music rolling.....that was icing on the cake, even at 7:30 in the morning.  Will be back, highly recommend.
4	Cool, quite place that takes pride in their product. Great coffee, which was what I was looking for but actually had a really good breakfast there as well.
4	If I were judging this place on their coffee alone, it would receive 5 stars. They're one of the few places in Phoenix (third-wave coffee shops) who source, roast and brew their beans well.But I am judging it on grounds of environment (2/5 stars) and coffee (5/5 stars).That being said, the environment is lacking. There are nearly no comfortable places to sit. Very few outlets for laptop charging. Slightly annoying music, and a continuous chatter of deep-voiced businessmen and women (at least when I visit, around 9 or 10 am). Maybe it's just me, but I really enjoy having a comfy bench or couch to do my homework on.Simply put: If I'm looking to grab a cup of coffee and go, or to chat with someone over a cup of coffee, then Cartel is great. If I'm looking to hole up and focus on homework for a while, I'll probably go somewhere else.Coffee suggestion: Try the One & One. A shot of espresso and a (correctly made) macchiatto (a shot of espresso with a bit of foam.)UPDATE: Their rating has moved up to 4 stars, from 3. They got cushions for their hard concrete seats, and the music has improved greatly.
5	Great coffee shop with an outstanding breakfast burrito as well. If you like "real coffee" made by baristas then this is your place.
5	Great, friendly service! Sean and Raquelle are so nice! We had the Blondie and cowgirl cookies, pear muffin, mocha and chai drinks. All delish. Cute modern look and fun to sit down and talk in after a movie.
5	The employees here are cool as heck!  We came here after going to Comedy Live at like 9pm and no one was there, an hour before closing and not only did we get a nice cup of joe, we got to know another decent human being.  Sean was the manager that night and he was way cool...I think his name was Sean...and if it isn't then I know he is cool enough to forgive me. I got their Chai, it was great.  I won't hold it against them that the their menu called it Chai Tea, which is redundant because in Hindi Chai means tea.  So we are calling it "Tea Tea"  Now you made me say something dirty.  Haha, get it "Tea Tea" Don't judge me.
3	I lack the necessary hipsterness to come here too often. However, their espressos are exquisite, as long as you don't order them to go. They don't do that.
1	Does it really take 1 hour to make ONE coffee? This was my first time at cartel, the coffee was good but they gave me the wrong cup of coffee and asked if I would be okay with that coffee instead...after I said no I want the coffee I ordered they took 45 mins to make it. I completely understand it was busy but my order should have been priority. Very disappointed.
4	Food: Really enjoy their cold brew coffee. I have only eaten their a couple of times, but when I have the food has been quite tasty. It is prepared fresh with quality ingredients. I enjoyed their breakfast sandwich, as well as the turkey sandwich.Atmosphere: Definitely interesting. They have mounted antelope heads on the wall and a chandelier that goes all the way to the floor. Some of the seating are poured concrete blocks that look like the floor just rose up to give you a place to sit down. Service: I have never had a negative experience there, and most of the time I get very friendly and courteous help. But there have been a couple times where they were slammed busy where they weren't as friendly as usual.Location: I really like the location of this place even if it is a little further away than the Tempe or Scottsdale locations. It's right off the light rail and in the heart of downtown. Great if you have a few minutes to kill before a meeting and need a caffeine fix.
4	This is going to sound funny from a non coffee drinker but I go here for something else: the What's a burrito- breakfast burrito. Seems random that a coffee shop should make such obscenely yummy burritos but Cartel downtown does. I will get veggie or with sausage or bacon. I think the difference is the ingredients are really fresh and they put spinach, potatoes, cheese and pico in it. Yum! Most joints don't put spinach in their burritos. I also like the GBY I think it's called granola, berries yogurt. Really good. The vibe is also cool though the seats are uncomfortable so don't go their to work for long periods of time. Also no bike racks boo.But get the burrito!
2	I am unimpressed. This is not a welcoming coffee house. There is nothing cozy here.I am on a constant hunt for good chai. I didn't find it here. I know the company Cartel orders their mixes from makes a spicier chai. Based on other reviews it's either not ordered anymore or was ordered by accident before. The chai was pretty much all latte and hardly any chai.They will pretty much assume any drink you order is to go. Not surprising because who would want to sit around on the ridiculously uncomfortable chair things? They are literally concrete blocks with bent metal for a back and a thin pad for the seat. Steal a pad or two from other chairs and don't try to lean back. Ouch ouch ouch.
4	Excellent Coffee!! My Latte was incredibly smooth and the ambiance was very relaxing.
5	Got to say caffeine drinks and alcohol is how I make it thru my day. To find a place that has both and happy hour too, I'm in! This one has whisky and a GREAT selection of IPAs. Love this place!
4	I just had my first downtown cartel experience and it did not disappoint. At 7:30pm, my husband went for his fourth cup of coffee today... Being that it's Cartel coffee, he will likely be up until 4am. I went for a hot chocolate. We recognized Jules, the barista, from the old town location. He was friendly and super knowledgeable about the coffee and the variety of other drinks and eats that they offer. Who knew that cartel even brews their own beer now (at the Tempe location)? They make all of their baked goods in house now too... I had to use major will power not to order any of their delicious looking treats. As we were leaving we noticed a group coming in to perform... I guess they offer live music.  All in all, a pleasant downtown cartel experience, and I just finished my hot chocolate... mmmm!
3	Very slow food service. Took almost 25 mins to get our food. The food was good but just took too long.The furniture is incredibly uncomfortable. Ouch!!
5	Wonderful! I arrived w/ nothing in mind and this made my day! Hard to say. But it might be better than Starbucks across the street. Starbucks was closed when I saw their sign @ 11:10. This was a second option and I'm glad I went.
5	BEST COFFEE IN PHOENIX AZ!!!Cartel roasts their own coffee and their staff are all knowledgeable experts on all matters coffee related. They offer espresso, pour-over brew and cold brew coffees.If you are a coffee aficionado, CARTEL is your place to go.Fantastic coffee, small batch roasting and friendly staff.Thank you for being awesome, CARTEL!!!
4	I am really impressed with this coffee shop! I wasn't expecting to be wowed because lets face it, in downtown Phoenix you can throw a stone in any direction and run into one. Upon walking in I was immediately greeted with great decor and friendly employees. My drink was made quickly and was definitely worth the walk. I suggest trying this location if you are looking for a good alternative to your typical coffee chain.
4	My husband and I wanted to get some work done at a downtown coffee shop and stumbled into this place.  Being new to Phoenix, we hadn't heard of it.  Super happy we ended up here.  Cool decor, very courteous and laid-back staff, plenty of seating.  Wish they were open later on Saturdays.  Ah well.  We'll be back.
4	Excellent coffee - great barista. Highly recommended. Don't bother with Starbucks - independent is the way to go.
5	My boyfriend and I were in town and looked for something decent near our hotel. Coming from San Francisco and Seattle we've developed quite a taste for good coffee. Cartel did not disappoint! I'm so excited we stopped in here. Great coffee, great vibe, great way to start a morning. Looking forward to coming back!
5	Delicious coffee! Complex and smooth! No sweetener needed.  Food is great too. iPad checkout. Love it.
4	Cute place. Very laid back, great view anywhere you sit.  Im obsessed with the red chandelier :)))The spicy chai latte was excellent. And the herbal tea was superb!!!
4	Really good coffee & food.  I admit I wish they were open more into the evening time.  What really caught my eye was the layout of the cafe.  They really did a great job designing this place.
5	Coffee is boss. Go there when you want damn good coffee and food.
1	I ordered a breakfast burrito and a latte TO GO.The burrito was delivered in less than 5 minutes. After that I sat and waited an additional 10 minutes for the latte. There were 4 people waiting for coffee when I ordered. I get it that they take their coffee seriously here but 15 minutes for a latte when it's dead?? Burrito was ruined/inedible because the potatoes were basically raw.
5	This was my first time to visit this location. Great service. Nice atmosphere. Amazing coffee. The baristas are very personal. Will most definitely be back to visit.
5	Cool little place to chill on a Saturday morning. Great coffee, and the coconut scone was delicious.
3	It was ok. Actually the food and mixed drinks on tap were delicious! The service was awful  though. Training recommended as phoenix is on the rise! It's trendy and i will stop in very soon.
1	Not a place I will visit again. I work in very close proximity, had tried their coffee a couple of months ago and swore I would never buy a coffee there again & I have not. On Thursday of this week I thought I would try lunch b/c I always see the place filled during the lunch rush. All I ordered was a simple grilled cheese & I was not even close to impressed.  Never again.
2	$4 for an 8 ounce cup of coffee?? I think not... I can go to coffee bean and get a bigger size for the same price. Their food was pricey too, so no thank you. The vanilla latte I ordered did not taste like it had any vanilla in it. I give them another star for the decor and artsy feel of it, and the cute guys that were working in there when I came in, but that's it. Disappointed.
1	This was the worst breakfast place I have ever been to. I went there with my boyfriend. They asked for tip up front. My boyfriend ordered green tea. They were out of green tea, so the associate offered a different tea instead of making more green tea. I ordered coffee and was not even pointed to the coffee bar to get cream. Our food took forever to be delivered to our table. My soup was cold! Avoid this place like the plague. The restaurant looks like a gutter and the service was horrible.
3	I'm not much of a coffee drinker so don't take my review too seriously. I arrived on a quiet Tues afternoon. All the best seats were taken so I plopped myself down at the bar area, which was pretty cool in itself. The cookies are incredible and the latte was good. No crazy art here, quiet atmosphere where people keep top themselves. I'm not much of a loner so I had my latte and got outta there but overall, very cute place.
4	Ride your bike here and relax. The wifi is a bit spotty and a little slow, they make up for it with great service and amazing coffee.
4	Very good! loved my iced mocha and Chorizo burrito! just a bad combo. lolI will be comic back here very soon! only complaint was costumer service...
5	Enjoy the quality of espresso drinks :-) they have pour overs also; so far for the times I've come in, they bring my drink to me personally.  Excellent customer service!They have a hardware-type decoration & furnishings.  Not my taste, but it's their identity, not mine.
2	We had heard that this place was great, so we decided to give it a try. I ordered an iced mocha, which was done pretty quickly and it was quite good.  My husband on the other hand enjoys brewed coffee.  They do it differently here and you can't just order a large coffee.  He tried to ask some questions of the staff, but the woman was less than helpful. She answered very minimally in a way that was not helpful at all and we were even more confused. She acted a little annoyed that we were not coffee connoisseurs and had to ask questions. After all that, our bill was $11 for two coffees! And their brewed coffee was pretty disgusting.  They also do not have great seating for a coffee shop.
5	Tasty cold brew, delicious dirty chai! Plus a spacious location with lots of seating options in the heart of downtown Phoenix.
4	I hope that Cartel sticks it out to make a lasting impression in dtphx.  There new larger space is nice, but they need to focus on making the staff friendly and knowledgeable of the area.  The coffee speaks for itself - amazing.. The atmosphere - cool.  I like that you will find the ultimate of hipster sitting next to a dressed to the nines lawyer.  I only hope they continue to pump out great coffee and just work to make the staff a bit more friendly.
3	Same great Cartel Coffee in a very open space; lots of open unused space.  Although I liked that no one was on top of me the vacant space (bar with nothing behind it) seemed odd.
5	The staff at Cartel knows their stuff.  Their Cold Brew coffee is ahh-mazing, not bitter at all!  Sad that they stopped their hot foods because I loved their breakfast burritos.  But glad their White Chocolate Cranberry Oatmeal cookie is still around!
4	Good coffee, great cold brew. I love walking down there from the ASU downtown campus. It's a nice break, and few students frequent it. The only thing I don't like about it is the seating. It's not super comfy and not conducive to conversations. That said, I'm mostly a grab and go kinda person with coffee.
4	When I first came to this place I was kinda surprised seeing those antelope heads on the wall. Although it kinda freaked me out a little in the beginning, it wasn't all that bad. Pretty nice actually. Place is neat and atmosphere is good too. Had a latte and breakfast burrito and it was really good. Their tea is also something. I really like this place alot.
4	Really outstanding coffee in an interesting space with a good vibe. Clearly they care a lot about quality and presentation, but they may want to dial back the pretension a notch.  I was told cappuccino is only served in a ceramic cup because of some incomprehensible reason of style or whatever, and only a latte could be taken out in a paper cup.  Ok, then, please make my to-go latte a very dry one. How hard was that?  Minus one star.
4	Austere, but decent coffee.
4	I stayed at the Palmoar and found this hidden gem.  Coffee was so delicious and I really enjoyed my breakfast.  I came here each morning during my stay.The staff is friendly and they offer military discount.  I love the general vibe, but was disappointed when I discovered it is a chain.  I must say I scout for "traditional" coffee spots, one of a kind type of establishments; however, the coffee is good, and the ambience is cool, so if you are in the area and looking for a good place to have a cup of coffee, don't pass this place up.
4	The drip coffee and cold brew are more on the acidic side and the general attitude is a little unfriendly, but their chai latte is far and away the best in the valley.
4	Another cool coffee shop in central Phoenix.  The atmosphere is cool and relaxing, the staff is friendly and helpful and the fresh brewed iced tea was delicious and just what I needed on a hot day.
3	The iced chai with espresso is pretty good. Nice open layout with minimal/interesting decor, but there was strange nature-ish music playing over the speakers. Might grab a chai if I'm in the area again.
3	Cartel has exceptional coffee, no doubt about it. I came in today looking forward to a  latte and a breakfast burrito... Only to discover they've stopped serving all of their breakfast and lunch menus. The devastation! There's nothing worse than when you've chosen to treat yourself and you're looking forward to something (while being "hangry" already) only to learn that it's no longer available. I opted to a get my usual drink and decided to try a blueberry muffin. The muffin was dry and hard. There wasn't any music on in the entire place, and the gal behind the counter may have needed to drink some coffee herself. Service was incredibly slow and she barely even smiled. Overall, a disappointing experience.
5	This place is cool. Great coffee and snacks. Great location for being downtown. Always looks and feels very social and enjoyable atmosphere. I'll be returning soon since I work 2 blocks away.
3	Hands down they have one of the best iced-chai that I've had! I strongly recommend it!Everything is excellent!
1	$3.75 for a 16 ounce coffee which was the worst coffee I've had in quite a while. It had the acidic taste of a coffee that has been kept at too hot a temperature for too long.
5	Cartel Coffee Lab has pretty selective hours, but if you have the chance to stop in, you definitely should.Since the place is only open on weekdays 7am-4pm, it's pretty clear that they are catering to young professionals. My friend and I were pretty much the only people - aside from the baristas - not in business attire. The interior is very industrial/hipster-esque. Rusty bicycles and taxidermy mounted to the walls, metal and concrete furniture, and minimalist artwork made from recycled bicycle rims...they all scream hipster!But aside from that, they had one of the most delicious chai lattes I've ever had. I ordered a 16 oz soy cold chai ($5.50) and it was simply scrumptious. I am glad that I got the bigger size. Sweet, but not overly so and spicy, yet not overly so. A definite must try in the downtown area - if it's open when you get there, that is.
5	I've been to almost all the locations during my road trip back to Chicago. I appreciate not only the coffee but the ambience. Every location was a bit different but overall a great experience with good staff and work spaces.
4	Your mileage at Cartel will vary, based totally on your expectations and what you want in a cup of coffee.  If you are concerned about where your coffee beans are grown, how they are roasted, fair trade practices, and the difference between a French press and an aeropress, then this is definitely your place.  If you are looking for a coffee drink that involves a blender, whipped cream, and caramel drizzle, then you'll be disappointed.  I'm not judging either group, because depending on the day of the week I've been in both.  The day we hit Cartel was for a much-needed caffeine injection.  The coffee menu is very limited, but iced Americano was front and center.  The barista informed me that even though that was a menu option, I was better off ordering an iced coffee that was cold brewed specifically for that purpose.   She went on to give me all of the nuances in great detail.  And she was right, it was an excellent choice.They also offered homemade pop tarts, which were a must try for me.  They ended up being more like a frozen Pillsbury toaster strudel, just a lot greasier.  If you're a coffee snob, this is a place you will love.  And rightfully so.  If you just want a cup of coffee and Cartel is closer than Dunkin' Donuts or 7-Eleven, then you may feel overwhelmed or intimidated.  The employees at this location don't do it on purpose, they are just very passionate about their coffee.  And that's never a bad thing.  Now the employees at the Cartel at the airport?  That's a different story, for a different review.
5	Cartel has been my go-to coffee location for the past two years; ever since I moved here from the east coast.  I've yet to be disappointed from any of my experiences.  The baristas are truly passionate about what they do, and are always friendly and helpful.  The coffee is amazing.  I regularly go for an Aeropressed Ethiopian, but have tried their espresso, latte, pour-over, teas, and cold brew.  It's all great.  If you want to run in a grab a quick cup of drip, they have that too.  I've been to nearly all third wave coffee shops in the valley, and Cartel is by far the best.
4	Upon entering I muttered under my breath, "we're no longer in Tempe, Toto..." Yes, there are times I imagine I'm Dorothy with some red ruby slippers prancing down the yellow brick road/sidewalk but seriously who doesn't?! Sadly, I didn't have a dog alongside me, and ummm my Toto reference was imaginary, hmmm come to think of it, why do I have a Dorothy in Wonderland fantasy?? wait, focus. Okay, so went in and I was like, wow, this sure isn't like their Tempe location which is unassuming in a strip mall plaza, with nary a window but a door while here it's windows galore, and inside is... I just don't know how to describe it... hipster chic? I mean they had a red chandelier that was hanging low touching the floor, and a deer's head stuck on the wall with a black and white theme BUT the ubiquitous Cartel menu boards hung behind the counter, and somehow the overall interior tied it all in. Anyways, I came for their Chai which still resonates as one of the best places to get one, and it still is. I do like that they have pastries to snack on. Just happy that Cartel is close to me at work, anyways I got to figure my whole Dorothy thing, that's another story.
4	Coffee Cartel is more of an artsy coffee place where they take the quality and appearance of their drinks very seriously.  It will take a bit to get your coffee because they use a slower process.  Their coffees are very strong and dark and rich with flavor.  If you're looking for a quick and convenient cup of coffee, this isn't it.
5	This place is just under the viaduct and really easy to find, being opposite the entrance to Phoenix.The menu is extensive & the atmosphere is brilliant. Personally, I'm usually too full to eat supper in NY, so a good brunch with a late afternoon cocktail & piece of cheesecake is all I can manage.
3	one of the cutest coffee shops i've been to. the staff is so warm and friendly! i ordered a soy latte. the foam was really chunky and just wrong. but after scooping that out it tasted really great.
4	Cartel's coffee is quickly popping up all over the valley and I love it! The ambiance at this downtown location is somewhat industrial/structural, with lots of concrete surfaces, wood structure and few soft points. The staff is extremely knowledgeable, at times coming off snobbish about their coffee. I love this trait because while I love coffee, I don't know a ton about how it's made or what method of brewing renders the best flavor out of a given bean. And here at Cartel, that's ok! I simply ask, and the staff tells me which method is good for the bean I've chosen, and thus they render a fantastic cup of coffee each and every time. I'm never disappointed in the product at Cartel.
