5	Love the place. My friend introduce me to this restaurant and my Mother and I fell in love with it.  The food is delicious and not expensive. The ambiance is modernly hip. Great place to hang out and do karaoke. I recomend this fine establishment 100%. :-)
4	Nice atmosphere, very good food. They have a couple nice karaoke rooms and three private dining rooms. Bottle service is more reasonable then most places.   A great place to go with a group of friends.
3	So, our original plan was to go to the Thai Restaurant the other night, but it was closed so Match is where we ended up.  I love tapas, but this place just didn't quite do it for me.  The menu consisted of many things that I was unfamiliar with so that's probably why.  I ordered the Chow Mein which was just okay in my opinion...to saucy for my taste.  I tried my friends Mongolian Sliced Beef which was tasty though.  The Korean BBQ is a really cool concept.  They bring out the thinly sliced meet and you BBQ it yourself right at the table.  The decor is really nice.  It would be a good place for a date!  We went at around 10:30 on a Sunday night and it was absolutely dead even though they're open til 2am and they started shutting down early...felt like we had to leave, ya know?I give it a 3.5 and would give it another try sometime.
5	I make a weekly drive from downtown Vegas all the way down to Silverado Ranch and Maryland Pkwy just to eat and drink here. The food is outrageously fresh and full of flavor , the drinks they have are hard to find and taste just right. Plus who can pass up the food and drinks BOTH being priced super low. The prices are fast food prices but with famous chef quality food.I totally suggest the beef sizzle plate, the tuna poke and the 43 Valenciano to wash it down.The enterior is totally rad too. Very modern, yet dark and warm feeling. I love all the metals,woods and stone that were used to fill the dining area. If you want to party, then check out one of the 2 state of the art karaoke rooms they have too. Drunken nights of karaoke always make for great pictures and memories.One of my top 3 favorite restaurants. Definitely a place you need to check out!!
4	Too bad this place is on the other side of town from me.  The food is excellent for a local joint.  Tapas with raw fish were fresh and sauce paired well.  We found the Asian themed tapas to be more flavorful than the Spanish ones.  Many dishes had kimchi as an ingredient.  It was a little annoying when the table next to us had Korean BBQ and they had to turn on the overhead ventilation for everyone.  Suddenly we had to talk over the fan noise.  The best part was most dish though small, only cost between 3 and 7 dollars each.  Quality of food was excellent for the price.
4	Seriously the most delicious food available past midnight! The interior decor was really hip & modern (you would have never guessed by looking at it from the outside). Our server was very sweet & covered in tattoos. She was very helpful & attentive. My boyfriend & I drink water like its going out of style, & she didn't miss a beat when our glasses needed to be refilled. For the simplicity of the dishes, the prices could be a little lower or maybe the dishes a little fuller.TIP- GET THE DRAGON BALLS & THE CALAMARI, delicious.
4	Atmosphere's great, music is not too loud and the servers are very helpful. Food is good and they have an interesting selection. Reasonable prices and a great place to go for a late night meal, since they're open till 2 am.
4	Checked it out on a sunday night and the place was DEAD. Six people including the waitress. But, that didn't stop us. We sat under a hood; all the tables have Korean BBQ setups. The inner Decor was nice and modern, but I have a huge problem with the lighting and the chairs. People listen up: if you have a restaurant put in comfortable chairs, Please!Our waitress was friendly and dressed in a Japanese school girl get up; interesting. She suggested ordering a few things and then maybe ordering more if we're still hungry. So for the first round we had the fried shrimp, ahi poke, beef skewers, and sushi salad. The fried shrimp were wrapped in a shredded phyllo or noodle and then fried. Pretty tasty. Ahi was piled on top of a bunch of shaved daikon which was unremarkable. However, the Ahi was spicy, fresh, and firm. The beef skewers were finely cooked but just were ok. There wasn't anything wrong, just plain. Simple is good, but they were boring. We thought the sushi salad could have been more inventive. The quality of the fish was great, but it was mixed into what appeared to be that industrial restaurant salad; you know the one with iceberg, red cabbage and carrots. We finished our four starters, enjoyed our drinks and decided we needed salty-greasy to finish us off.....We then dove into the french fries with spicy aioli and dragon balls! The dragon balls were interesting to say the least. Two spicy tuna meatballs that were breaded and fully cooked. The flavor was nice, but the breading was really hard. On the border of not being able to be cut.  The fries were hot and salty just like we wanted.overall, I liked the place. I hope that as word gets out more people will show up. If we go back I would try the korean bbq for something different.
2	Well, there were some good points and some not so good.  I gave it a 2 because the whole description is what it felt like-Meh.I had heard some good things about Match.  Reviews from actual food critics. (whom I am not sure I trust so much right now).  So I might have had kinda high expectations going in.  It was a Tues. night, 9pm and we were the only diners.  Not the best sign.  We started with cocktails.  I ordered a Suspicious Minds-a ginger version of the cosmopolitan and it was drinkable although a bit dry.  My husband ordered the Aloha (something) which was made with pineapple flavored vodka.  Think artificial pineapple candy flavored with rubbing alcohol.  Not very good.  He could barely finish it and went for the Kiwi Caipiroska..due to actual muddled fruit, it was sour but better than his previous drink.  I wouldn't even suggest a cocktail menu any more if you aren't going to use real fruit, real juice, and infused rather than flavored alcohols.I like that each food item has the country of origin printed next to it.  Kind of makes you feel like you are eating around the world.  They are open until 2am and that is a great idea for our side of town too.  I guess when you are drunk the blandness of the food would be a good thing.The prices are very reasonable (not like SOME places in town) so we felt comfortable to get quite a variety of small plates. We started with the Sashimi Salad, Salt and Pepper Calamari, Belgium Frites, Dragon Balls, Tuna Poke and usually we would order more.  Well, here's why we didn't. The Sashimi Salad had a decent amount of little pieces of sashimi and for the price I think it was justifiable.  There was way too much vinegar-ey dressing on way too little greens.  And the greens weren't really green but that horrible industrial iceberg lettuce mix a Walmart shopper adores.  Greens are so inexpensive they could at least have given us a large portion to absorb all that vinegar.The Salt & Pepper Calamari was missing the salt and pepper.  We actually really tried to find the pepper..maybe it was white pepper? But couldn't see any or taste it either.  I have had this dish many times and usually you can actually taste the Salt and Pepper.  The panko style breading was a good crispyness, the calamari a bit too chewy (it kept snapping back at me!) but it had about NO flavor.The Belgium Frites could have been Ore Ida.  I had these in San Francisco and I wouldn't be surprised if these were frozen from the bag and barely fried.  No salt to distract me here either.  The sauce Andolouse (?) was supposed to be spicy and was about as flavorful as your basic mayo.Then the Dragon Balls.  We have had these types of creations at some sushi bars so we KNOW that you CAN deep fry sushi and still have it be moist inside.  These were not. They were fried so much on the outside they should be called Dragon Cannon Balls..and the spicy tuna inside was cooked so much that it didn't have any more flavor.Last but not least we tried the Tuna Poke..I guess it can be considered authentic because there was Tuna and sesame oil..but since tuna is so light in flavor, that much sesame oil can be over powering.  I love sesame oil but really, a dish of it isn't that appealing.Being the food adventurers we are we were going to try dessert anyway.  And here comes the best part of the meal.  We ordered the Hawaiian dessert which was like a biscuit dough deep fried and rolled in sugar.  The doughy balls had a lovely browned crispy outside with a tender light biscuit consistency inside.  Served warm, the sugar covering the dough was moist and perfect.We also ordered the Frozen Coconut.  This is a great coconut sorbet, not too sweet with a creamy (not like ice cream) texture.  Served inside a halved coconut shell it was the perfect ending to a less than perfect meal.
4	Great food! Great atmosphere! Bring friends and hang out in the karaoke rooms! Staff is friendly helpful and gave us great suggestions! I will definitely be back!
4	Been here a couple times with a group of friends and we all agreed that everything we ordered was delicious!  We enjoyed using the karaoke rooms and it was free because we order more than $70 worth of food.  Our favorite dish is the oysters and favorite drink is the Banzai tea!
4	We decided to try Match after a day of antiquing.  We we're so tired and hungry by the time we got there, I'm surprised we didn't order all of their menu items.  In any case, let me grade the food first.  I had the Tuna Poke and the Salt and Pepper Calamari.  My partner had the Pineapple Fried Rice.  My dishes were seasoned well and very filling.  They serve a lot of tuna in their poke.  My partner loved their pineapple fried rice but for me, it lacked some saltiness to it.  Then came the Malasadas.  It was the best ones I've had, even better than the ones we get at the Pure Aloha festival.  It is definitely something different.  If you haven't had tapas before, this might jar you a bit since most of their food is meant to be a tasting rather than a meal.  There were 2 other couples while we were there and the server was very attentive.  All in all, I would try them again.  Their food is great and the service is top notch.  Next time, I'm going to try the Korean BBQ offerings.
4	Been there two times now and I have been pretty satisfied with the food.  The whole grilling at the table is pretty fun and all the tapas are diverse which gives a intersting variety to the menu.  The only thing is that I wish they had more of a happy hour at the bar but I will let it slide because my friends and I were in there at about 1am and the chef bought us all shots!I am glad my friends convinced me to try out a new restaurant because I have not always had the best experiences with new establishments.   The outside of the building does not give the inside justice either, it is rather nice inside!  Give it a shot!
2	If  the flavors of Match matched the restaurant's style, this would be one of the top restaurants in Vegas.  But the food fell flat and we left disappointed.We tried out Match based on the recommendation of some of Vegas' food critics who raved about the cuisine.  Maybe they were distracted by the waitresses' Japanese schoolgirl outfits.  I know I was until the food arrived and I just couldn't believe the lack of flavor.We ordered the cheese platter, the dragon balls appetizer and the Korean BBQ.  The cheese platter came with an interesting assortment of cheeses and we were excited, until we discovered that one of the cheeses was a flavorless hunk with the consistency of wax and two others were merely bland.  I'll admit that the dragon balls were tasty, but they didn't blow me away.  The Vegas food critics couldn't stop raving about them, but we didn't get it.  There were subtle flavors but nothing rave-worthy.Finally, the Korean BBQ we ordered came as simple cuts of rib eye and vegetables that you get to cook yourself.  Now the self-preparation was fun (think make your own pottery), but the meat wasn't particularly tasty and they provided very little in the way of seasoning or sauces.  The sauces they did offer were so salty -- tasting like a slightly diluted salt lick -- that we barely used them.All in all, Match was a huge disappointment.  The decor is very cool.  The waitresses' outfits are entertaining.  The grills built into the tables were fun.  But the main point of the restaurant -- Food -- was a serious let down.
5	The most fun you can have eating, drinking and singing with your clothes on!The people running Match, from the owners to the servers, bartenders and kitchen staff are some of the friendliest people in town.  I always feel welcome, have a fantastic meal, and end up staying hours more than I'd planned.  The atmosphere is modern, clean, and inviting.  With different textures from wood to stone, glass & stainless steel, it boasts a feeling of opulence without stuffiness.  The music is current and played at just the right volume.They offer a fabulous array of sakes, and any questions I've raised have been cheerfully and knowledgeably answered.  The wines-by-the-glass list is diverse with a few lesser-known wines, which I always appreciate.If you don't come back for the sake, the service, or the signature cocktails, then you'll definitely be back for the food.  My favorite dish is by far the malasadas; Hawaiian doughnuts coated with sugar.  They're made to order, warm, and cooked to perfection each time.  They melt in your mouth like a fine piece of gourmet chocolate, and I dare you to eat them without falling completely in love.As for the savory dishes, Dragon Balls is Match's so-called signature dish and it's a must try.  Don't let the funny name throw you.  EVERYONE raves about them.One of my personal favorites is the vivaneau; red snapper sashimi, ponzu, jalapeno & tobiko.  This dish is fresh, light, with just the right amount of spice.Seared ribeye with green onion and ginger apple sauce, grilled chicken skewers, calamari, Korean BBQ and chocolate fondue I can also highly recommend.Don't forget about nightly specials.  Last night they had pork sliders that were, simply put, TO DIE FOR. The prices can't be beat. Most everything is small plates and meant to be shared.  Match is the perfect restaurant to bring a date.  They serve the full menu every evening from 5 pm 'til 2 am, closed Sunday.  If you karaoke, your private room awaits, but call ahead to reserve because they fill up fast!
2	Went back to Match with a friend, ranting about how cool it was & how much I loved the food...left a little disappointed & looked stupid for hyping it up that much. Noodle Wrapped Shrimp was a great start! Crispy & saucy, Compliments to the chef! A little pricy at $6 for 3 pieces of shrimp? Dragon Balls- tasty, little on the dry side this time. Salt & Pepper Calamari- Normally my favorite, ALSO a little dry, this time. Pinchito de Pollo (chicken skewers)- Skinny, flavorless & very fatty. The description says "grilled chicken skewers", and thats exactly what we got. Needless to say, we sent the chicken skewers back- on the account that they were entirely flavorless. I've never sent food back before, but this time I felt it was absolutely necessary. After sending back the food, we were STILL charged for the skewers & there was absolutely no manager presence AT ALL. Which is really shocking, considering we were the only table seated at the time. There isn't a real likelihood of me returning to MATCH, I think I'll just stick to Firefly, thanks!
1	I had high hopes for this establishment, upon reading many glowing reviews.Unfortunately, this is some of the worst food I have ever tasted.The Salt and Pepper Calamari - bland, hardly any "salt and pepper" and heinously overcooked.Chicken Skewers - Evidently low quality chicken, fatty and chewy, no seasoning and a very foul flavor.Dragon Balls - UGH. I was looking forward to these after hearing rave reviews about them... and I was disappointed. The balls were very dry and dense, and also underseasoned.I was surprised after complaining to our sloppy-dressed waitress that our food (specifically the chicken) was awful, she did not make one attempt to offer a different dish, or remove an item from our bill.I will not be back.
3	This restaurant offers Korean BBQ hot pot and Cosmopolitan tapas (e.g. small plates).  We decided on the latter and ordered potato croquettes (very crisp on the outside and soft inside - 4), dragon balls (deep fried spicy tuna with peppers and onion and eel sauce - 4 ) and noodle wrapped shrimp (2.5).  We next ordered pork belly with garlic and chef's sauce (too fatty - 1.5) and pineapple fried rice (bland - 2).  We also shared an order of green tea and strawberry mochi (almost uneatable Japanese ice cream - 0.5) Overall our experience was satisfactory, but I am not inclined to return.
3	We decided to try this place after a friend recommended it.  I was totally dead the night we went, it was a Monday and football was on.  There were only 2 other guys at the bar with us, no diners in the restaurant.  Service was great of course being the only ones there, and the servers were friendly.  They had free shots when a touchdown was scored.  We ordered some small plates, Jalapeno Puffs, Dragon Balls, Crab Wontons, which were all delicious. Then we ordered the $18 Large Plate, Steak Frities, VERY DISAPPOINTED.  One side of the steak was well done, and the other side was totally rare, inedible for us.  The fries weren't totally done either, some of them were still hard.  That was a total bummer, because we really liked everything else. We left it on the plate and ordered the Sorbet, u can't screw that up.  All in all, I think it's a nice little place, nice atmosphere.  We'll probably go back, but it won't be a regular place to go.
3	This is the second time I have visited the restaurant.  The menu has definitely been pared down, but if asked what was removed, I couldn't tell you since nothing stood out that time, much like this time.The restaurant is lovely and I like the mood lighting. The service was friendly and great. Too bad the food was only okay. I got the Lychee Martini to start. I was pleasantly surprised that it actually came with three rather large lychees, which are always a plus in my book.Since I came with some friends, I was able to try out a bunch of different foods:Oysters: I've had better, but I definitely liked how it was served on those Asian soup spoons. Makes eating them a lot easierKim-chi fried rice: I did not see, nor tasted, any kim chi. I was rather disappointed.Noodle-wrapped shrimp: Awesome! It was crunchy and the sauce was yummy. If I come back, I'm definitely ordering this.Vivaneau and hamachi kama: I honestly don't remember how these tasted. So that must say something.Rib eye Korean BBQ: it was a little flavorless.  It's no Honey Pig or Sura BBQ, but neither was I expecting it to be.  It was a little pricey for the amount we got, but then again, I am used to the all-you-can-eat variety.Roast duck: I was pleasantly surprised about how tasty it was. My friend did ask for some hoisin or plum sauce, but they don't serve it with nor did they have any. But I was happy without it. This was also a bit pricey for the amount of duck.Overall, it's a decent restaurant. I love trying new things and was excited to see what fusion tapas are. Unfortunately, the food was only so-so, aside from the noodle-wrapped shrimp. But if you're in the area, and have a coupon (or similar), it may be worth trying.
2	We decided to check it out for 1$ Tapas night, what a great deal, especially when you want to try something new.The place was nice and staff was friendly. Drinks were good. All the tapas we had were average, nothing spectacular, the price made it worth it.The only true complaint I had was that we were a party of 2 starting out at the bar, about an hour later we moved to a table with 5 other friends, we asked the waitress to cash us out before we moved, to make the whole check at the end of the night easier...she said not to worry about it, she'd take care of it. My other friends reminded her at the table that the majority of us would need seperate checks...again she said it wouldn't be a problem. As the night of ordering a plethora of food and drink, we noticed she never wrote anything down and when the food/drink was delivered it was never presented to who had ordered it, we even commented on it and she laughed it off.  When we asked for our bill, she presented it to us, said apologized that she couldn't split it up and left. We sat there bitched about it, then took on the task of remembering what everyone ordered and tried to tally it up seperately.  (Not so easy after a few martinis) We also noticed she charged us all automatic gratuity for our party larger than 6...even though most of my bill was from at the bar, where it was only a party of 2!! I think she knew what she was doing when she wouldn't cash us out earlier in the night.                                                  We should've complained to management at that time but we all just wanted to leave.   My friend and I both wrote to Match on their website to complain about the night, it's been 2 weeks and still no response...I guess they don't care about return business. .
2	I guess the management does not understand...I totally get that when you have a large party, your automatically charged gratuity, I may even pay more if the service is good...but when your 2 people and the waitress scams you into paying it by saying "she'll take care of us" thats another thing, if she would've warned us at the beginning of the night that we couldn't have seperate checks we could've kept track of all each party had consumed.I sincerely apologize to Match restaurant for not reviewing all your policies and proceedures before eating there...I guess the customer is always right is not one of them.
2	What to say... The food was not terrible, but it wasn't great either. Match is one of those restaurants that you might come back just for the hell of it, but there really is no good reason to... You know??? We tried the sliced beef, ribeyes, roast duck, dragonballs, deep fried jalapenos rolls, poke, seared tuna, red snapper, hong kong oysters, baked mussels and the steak with fries. Out of all those, I really only enjoyed the sliced beef and seared tuna. Everything else was either too much sauce, not enough taste or overcooked. They do have this one guitarist/singer, and he was pretty enjoyable. Other than that, I'd probably venture into Match in six months just because it is there and cautiously optimistic that it'd be better if I was hungrier...
1	I thought it was absolute horrible. The sangria was the worst I ever had. Don't go - you have got to find a better place. This place will not be open much longer
2	My husband and I went to match tonight for their happy hour. We were misinformed by another iPhone app, which stated their happy hr was 5-7, $3 tapas, $5 speciality cocktails. This was not the case. Their happy hr was only $2 off speciality drinks.Regardless of the happy hr mishap, I don't think we'll b rushing back there anytime soon. Their speciality dragon balls were tough in texture. Wouldn't suggest ordering them. The shrimp with angel phyllo dough was good and so was seared ribeye. However, the portions are very small. In fact, I'm still hungry! If you're in the mood for tapas, don't waste your time...go to Firefly!
3	Just okay, 3stars
4	Most things I have ordered here has been so yummy! Pineapple fried rice is soo good. Cool vibe, clean, good for dates or group of friends.  There are specials such as.. Mondays girls drink for $1! Tues $1 tapas! Other nights there is live music. Place is still pretty new so not many people have caught on. A little hard to see where it is but in front of the smiths, close to McDonald's is the most helpful.
