3	Debbie and Daniel are working as promised.
5	Like every blogger, there's an fascinating interesting, powerful, profound back story to this.  But I haven't begun that blog yet.  You're better off for it.Mom's house had hail damage last October.  Her roof was on my to-do list for some time prior to God's golf game.  She got some insurance money.  The ambulance-chasing roofers from everywhere showed up. I left town for a long time.  I let the sales fury and machine-gunning sound of New Roofing for All die down.  I went to my contractor source, the Better Business Bureau. I found Vaskez Roofing and Repair.  They have a fine web page, they specialize in flat roofs, have completed large, technically challenging jobs (web page).A major valley company that's put five roofs on family housing since 2008 bid the job.  The energy-saving finish they rolled on our flat roof "prunes" and peels after wetting under leaves and Phoenix dust storm dirt.  The last family roofing job, major flashing was torn from 40 year-old walls, replaced with weather goop.  A giant splinter was ripped from the fascia I worked so hard to paint correctly, leaving me raw wood to patch, sand, prime and paint.  The bids were within $300.00.  Vaskez specified 30-year roofing material and a bitumin flat roof etc.  The major specified 20 year roofing and lesser finishing.We chose Vaskez.  I am not disappointed.  It was a four-layer tear-off of old roofing, six layers in some patched areas.  Lots of roofing nails with heads rusted off were pulled.  Mom's room-leak source was found and remedied.  Rebuilds were done as needed, "rain spacers" nailed under new flashing.  As roofing progressed, and the tar holding strips from the newest row stuck to the layer below, the work was cooled with water. This cooled the tar, preventing melt out and non-sticking.  This never happened on our five previous roofs.And finally, the flat patio roof got an industrial-grade finish.  Tar-backed roll roofing laid over the prepped surface of the back porch.  The work was melted into place with a torch.Tarps were laid down most places during tear-off.  At the end of each day, the yard was cleaned. Danny Vaskez said it was the hardest tearoff he'd done in 25 years.   We have a five year warrantee on the work.  Ten months later, some roofs done by ambulance-chasers are failing.
5	The main review is the previous writep.  A quick return to Vaskez.  The very old A/C thermostat wiring got crossed during roofing, making the fan run 24/7.  The A/C issue was corrected by a Vaskez sub-contractor within hours after the sub was called.  Additionally, aged vent piping and vent covers were replaced.  All potentially open areas were sealed with 50 year caulking.  This was part of the contract.  Finally, all vent pipe and weather-resisting covers above the roof line were painted white to match the new roof.  I realize about 50% of roofers paint vents to match.  This is another indication of attention do detail.  Of my three varied service experiences the past two weeks Vaskez' level of attention and service exceeded anyone else.  By a lot.
5	We hired Vazkez Roofing to do a re-coat of our foam roof.  It was badly overdue for service.  Daniel and his crew were amazing.  They were punctual, did more than they promised and were very hard working and courteous.  They were also very clean workers and the job site was always neat and clean at the end of every day during the course of their work.  Daniel, Debbie and Vazkuez Roofing exceeded my expectations in every way.  We have a large roof separated into several sections.  Most is flat but some surfaces have tile.  It had been neglected for years.  Now it looks better than when new.  I recommend Vazkez Roofing without reservation.  You will be very pleased with their service and their pricing is very reasonable as well.
5	Had some tiles get blown off of my roof during the last monsoon.  I had gotten an estimate from another company who said they would be back the next day to fix it. They never showed up or called.  On my way home I called Vazkez Roofing.  Debbie told me that Daniel could come by that night to give me an estimate.  His price was very reasonable.  He told me that they could be at my house the next day.  They showed up on time and even fixed a few other tiles at no extra cost.  They were in and out in about an hour and cleaned up after themselves.  Excellent service and I would definitely hire them for any future roofing work.
5	Excellent company & really nice people!  We had a small roof leak and Daniel gave us a great quote. He & his wife also checked up on us afterward to make sure that we were happy & didn't have any problems.
