1	Save your time and money and shop somewhere else. They overcharge for everything and are very rigid when it comes to returns/exchanges. I bought a Radio Shack brand audio cable, which was defective, and they refused to accept it in exchange for a new cable. Had I bought a defective cable ANYWHERE else I would have been able to exchange it for another. I'll stick to Amazon from now on.
3	Got to this store to pick up the battery the other store was out of.  The staff, she was on the phone (personal) and just talking.  I waited for about 1 min before she was off the phone.  She greeted me and then walked over to grab the battery.  Doesn't seems to be happy to be at work.  =(  Oh well, I got the battery I needed and I was off to install the sucker so it doesn't beep at 3am again!
1	Very very disappointed with the total lack of customer service this Company and store provides! We purchased the "happens"service plan for our cell phone. We purchased the plan from Aaron and Tom.  They both told it was great service and told us we would get % retail trade in value for phone if we chose to upgrade our phone.  We paid 9.99 a month for 8 months and came to store to try the upgrade.  First off,  ALL the associates(including Gema) had no idea how plan even worked. They made us call from our cell phone the 800# for the plan to get any details with how service worked.  One guy even told us he doesn't offer it because it just sales ploy, GREAT! So we call the 800# while in store to get an explanation of service.  The rep on phone tells us we get 40% of $649 (retail value) to then verify with store rep, the store said nope only get $99 trade in value but has no idea why.  Decided to cancel it and stop this waste of money! Then transferred to cancel...it gets WORSE! Then deal with rudest rep I've ever dealt with in my life...who  speaks over us at every question. I guess rep gave them wrong address so we can't verify it she tells me rudely "you BETTER talk to store since they entered it" ...ignorant reps! Long story short, don't waste your money and give these ignorant people your hard earned money or business!!!
