5	The team at Awards West is amazing! I needed last minute engraving done on crystal awards for a corporate meeting in Vegas. I called ahead of time to see if they could fit my job in and they were confident that they could do it. I had reached out to a couple of other places  -- one couldn't take on the job; the other was outrageously expensive. Awards West is about 20 minutes from the strip but worth the trek. They were very professional, hospitable and their work is excellent. I will definitely use them again for the next awards project I have. Thank you for making our awards night special.
5	I have nothing but great things to say about Awards West; they were quick with the proof... The price was great and the finished product was even better than I thought it would turn out.. They made award plaques for my company year end awards. I would absolutely recommend them to anyone in need of award trinkets.
4	They have a very wide selection of stuff to choose from and they can even do some unusual requests as well. They are always reasonably priced, on time and the quality of their product is always good.
1	Do not take your jewelry to this place! They  absolutely ruined the 2 pieces I brought in to be engraved. They used the wrong font, made the lettering uneven, and never even bothered to polish the pieces before engraving them. I was shocked and heartbroken when I picked up my jewelry! Stay away..
1	I would Not recommend Awards West for anything.  First of all they didn't get the job done when they said they would, when we went in to pick up our order they had changed our work order and tried to charge is double what was quoted. The lady helping us said we can take the extra prices off, we said ok.  but then that left a bunch of ugly holes in our plaque. the other peices on the plaques were loose & crooked. not only was she rude but no apology for this mess up, no offer to fix our plaque and no thank you when we left.  If you take your business here you're asking for bad treatment and poor workmanship.  We will not be using them ever again.
