5	Oh Kohls, why do you torment me with all the 20% off coupons you incessantly send me and the non stop sales? Good grief, last week you offered $15 in bonus bucks for every $50 spent. So hard to resist...but I must! Can't fit much more into my closet. Perhaps I can just drop another dress size and start over.You would think with all the money I save I could buy a bigger house, but it hasn't quite worked out that way. Something's gotta give - see you soon!
4	Love Kohl's, Wish I shopped here more!When I'm looking for a great business casual outfit or blazer to top off an outfit Kohl's is one of the first locations that comes to mind. This location especially has a GREAT selection of business wear for men and women. Ladies you all  are privy to browse the racks of Vera Wang and Lauren Conrad clothing lines ( two of my favorites), while the fellas peruse noted men's wear ensembles by Marc Anthony, Van Heusen and Chaps. The price for these great finds are usually pretty fair, compared to the price you'd pay at a local mall or other department store. The store layout is logical and flows well thru the space. Hanging directional signs are located above each section of the store to help guide customers to their desired destinations. Helpful Hint: Please note that if you need to make a return that customer service is located in the back of the store at this location, not at the front :)Kohl's Department stores also offer a wide variety of appearal for children and juniors. Kohl's customers are also able to make selections in the jewelry, shoes and home goods departments. So if you're looking for a new and fresh look without spending alot of cash I'd definitely recommend swinging by Kohl's and taking a look around.
5	The Duchess of Kohl's has not written a review!?!  Well, I am up for the challenge.  I frequent Kohls because it is a family store.  They have clothing for everyone.  My dilemma is shopping here with my children because they milk me every time.  A good while ago, the store was ransacked every time I visited but in the past year, they have cleaned up their act, literally.  I appreciate that when I go into a dressing room, there are no clothes strewn all over the floor.  They now have hanging racks inside the dressing rooms or right outside of the door.  My compliments to the associates who are tasked with this cumbersome task, since we know that some people are slobs.  Other improvements include having an appropriate number of registers open, and opening more when necessary.  The Customer Service area may have a line after a big sale, but service is fast and efficient, even without a receipt.
4	Nice store with huge selection of apparel. I came here to find formal suit for my interview and found a nice one. This place is connected to public transport and the Red Line bus from my university stops right in fron tof Kohls- pretty convenient!
3	It's a standard Kohl's.I just went in strolling around to see if they had anything that caught my eye. Coupons in hand which is always a good thing. There was TONS of clearance so if you have the time to do some digging and you want a good deal...start here! I only found some earrings this visit, but they did have a lot of variety with the jewelry and clothing. All the staff I encountered were helpful and checkout was super fast.So when I'm on this side of town, I'd be sure to return.
1	I'm a huge fan of Kohls and moving to the Charlotte area has pushed me to find a different Kohls than the one I always went to an hour away. And here it goes, from the many other Kohls that I've stepped foot on, this is the most disorganized department store I've been to. The prices are higher than other Kohls' for the EXACT same product. I purchased a cardigan for $21 at the Charlotte Kohls while the day after I visited my hometown Kohls and found the exact cardigan for $15. That was a return. The selection in this Kohls is so poor. I asked an associate if she could help me find a pencil skirt in the middle of the summer and she said that they don't carry skirts. How can they not carry skirts?!?! Last week I stopped by to get the battery of my watch changed. I purchased this watch for $250 at their store and when I asked the lady to change my battery she told me that she is afraid to do it because she broke her watch changing the battery. Are you kidding me? You also have to pay for a battery change while other Kohls change it for free. I love Kohls but everytime I've been to this store I've gotten an attitude from most of the associates and never been able to find a good deal so I've stopped going.
1	I received a PJ set as a gift from my Mom for Christmas. She paid $19.20 for the top and $19.20 for the pants which = $38.40 total.  Unfortunately, they were too big, so I had to return them for store credit. Upon doing so, I was told that the items were now on sale, and that they would only refund me the sale price, which was $14.39 per piece, plus they were deducting the $10.00 Kohl's bucks that she received for the purchase. So, my Mom paid $38.40 for the PJ's and because they did not fit and I had to return them, I was given $20.05.  The Kohl's cash I almost get, but not refunding the original price paid for the items is bull! But the taking the Kohl's cash promo away from the gift receiver is crap as well. It's a promotion the store is doing and as it turns out, it's just a big money maker.   I will never shop at Kohl's again, and I will ask my friends to do the same. Especially if for a gift. Not a happy customer. Goodbye Kohl's
