3	Located in the deep hood on the southside, near the corner of 7th street & Roser in between a liquor store and a recreation center infront of the high school that still holds the record of most student sponsored riots and most confiscated guns in the Nation. Nestled in the crossroads of three of the largest gang's territory in the state, Wong's To Go has been a firm establishment in what can be a very chaotic environment. I personally love the southside... it's tension, it's colorful characters and colorless buildings are beautiful to me.Open primarily for lunch, Wong's has been open for along as anyone can remember. A serious hole in the wall needs to be approached with serious caution - not because of it's surroundings... but because of the curt and often moody cashier. "WAI!" screeched the elderly Chinese woman as she slid the take out window open. "Nee Hoy Sha Yin-Wah-ma?" I asked to the amazment of my good friend Jackie who has never heard me say a word of Chinese in her life. "English?! YES! You speak Chinese?!" She said as her face brightened up. "Wahhh hoy shwah id-yar." Indicating that I only spoke a lil bit of Chinese. We quickly ordered from their very limited menu with limitless flavor. One order of 4 pieces of chicken wings (the entire wing btw) and a quart of beef fried rice. Standing around in tiny parking lot talking about whatever, I noticed how there was a small fridge displaying different energy drinks and sodas. and my friend explained how there used to be picnic tables and even shade for ppl to wait under while their food was being prepared. After the riots between rival gangs, during which one gang used the tables as a randez vous point - the city had asked the Wong's to take out the tables. She described to me how there used to be an open window like in fast food places and how after getting robbed on evening - the wong's changed their hours to closing during the early evening and now have large bars over their windows. I really felt for the Wong's to put so much into their business only to have the tremultous neighborhood love them so much and at the same time be the cause of much of their woes. Just as I was beginning to wonder off into oblivion - our order was up and it was gooooood!!The chicken was crispy and simply fried. No batter, no dredge - nothing... it was delish! As was the beef fried rice that boasted sprouts and a lil char that Jackie requested. Burnt bits are good!  yum! Our entire order was $10! We drove away as a gagle of teenagers hungry after their last class walked up to place their orders. To my fellow yelpers: The southside is a place that is special to my heart. Perseverant, rough and colorful... there are places where it can be scary to venture into... but stay on the main roads and be a polite driver and you should be alright. Go and pay the Wong's a visit but don't be surprised if Mrs. Wong isn't exactly a happy camper. lol. Try the chicken wings, they're GREAT!
4	Nice little dive. Fried rice and fried chicken wings with a wonton and egg roll. Good stuff! Love the chicken fried rice because it has a crisp or burn taste (dont judge me) then add some of their hot chile sauce for a quarter! Yum!
5	Love the food... Hands down best Chinese food in south phoenix!!!!
