5	You can buy clothes and other random things by the POUND! This place is a hoarders dream. It's where all the stuff that didn't sell at their retail stores basically goes to die - does that mean it's all leftover crap? Not necessarily. Since Goodwill is a for profit "nonprofit", they charge ridiculous prices for certain things - $12 for a used old navy shirt...no thank you. Point is that there are a lot of good things to be found in those bins among the throw away stuff. I found a huge bag of good condition name brand kids clothes for my friends for $7This place is all about bulk, so the price per pound goes down with the more you buy - ignore the individual price tags. Books and media are 50 cents each, glassware 3 for 99 cents, furniture is as markedClothes, shoes and random stuff: $1.20/lb up to 19lbs, 99 cents up to 49lbs, 69 cents 50lb+ I've been to this kind of Goodwill in Portland and it was awesome, so I'm super excited they opened one here. I had no idea there was already one in North LV too. When I moved back to Vegas I got 6 comforters to use as moving blankets for about $20. You won't find pricing like that anywhere else.So you know what to expect - it's just piles of things thrown into shallow bins. You really have to be in the mood to sort thru piles. For checkout, you weigh the entire cart, so keep the media and glassware separate for a quick checkout. Have fun and don't buy too much crap.
4	I'm not loving the layout of this store, but for even more junk at marked down prices, this is a great addition to our thrift store family. Most of the items can be purchased by the pound, so the prices they have listed on items doesn't really matter, except for the larger items like furniture and electronics. The clothes, books and shoes are all in bins, since it's a clearance center, so you have to sort through quite a few items to find the hidden treasures. I know this isn't for everyone, so a warning in advance. I didn't have a lot of success on my visit here and only walked away with one little item, but for one penny, how can you go wrong. Bulk is the name of the game here, so patience is a virtue if you make a visit.
4	First off you must be cool with digging through bins filled with assorted clothing, bric a brac shoes and books. If you are then this place is for you. Nothing is on racks so you need strong arms and a good eye. I am the master so I had no problem finding designer stuff for next to nothing (clothes are weighed sold by the pound).On my first visit I found John Vartatos leather sneakers, All Saints jeans, Diesel jeans and Diesel sneakers and a cool T shirt (that reads HUSTLER across the chest). All for $10! what a deal.For this type of set up, the store is clean and organized. There are groups of women working in teams hogging the bins and there are lots of screaming kids so be warned. (But this is not Goodwills fault)Not for the impatient or faint of heart, but for hard core thriftiers, this place rocks!.
1	Bins were either completely or almost empty. What a let down. Huge warehouse side full of stuff and the shelves in the store side were almost bare. I wish I had taken pictures. Complete waste of gas. I was very disappointed. I can't figure what all the hype is about. When digging through bins, you can tell this stuff is from other stores that did not sell. Now, it you want to find better things, goodwill is overcharging at its "boutique" store. Not impressed.
5	I love the concept of buying by the bulk because it allows you to build yourself an entire wardrobe if you look  concisely. However, there are times when I keep digging and  digging to find nothing but poor quality items such as holes in the clothes and just clothes not of my style. You have to grab fast and line up right at 9 am and spend all day. If you do not get there early, those ladies work in teams and pretty much take everything. My advice is to dig way into the bottom and run over to those bins as soon as they are brought out. Other than that, i wish they would put bins out more often because it seems like they only take bins away 2 times a day which can be a let down. I never expect much because there has been times I would go there to find nothing and other times where I hauled away over 50 pounds of high end items I love.
1	This goodwill has nothing but pushing, shoving, and rude behaviors from the other shoppers. They squeezed me into the blue bin so that I could not move and tossed piles of shoes on the floor so that I would trip over them. I was standing there first before they were there.I do come here frequently and have never experienced  such bad attitudes. The selection of clothes have been scare and just nothing but poor quality.  I voiced my opinion about being pushed and then a lady who works there, said I will have to calm down or I will need to leave. They support  rude behaviors but someone like myself who lost all their clothes because of a fire gets yelled at. I was only there to replace myself not to get my arms injured. At the end of the day, I will not support any Goodwill, not give them any donations, and make sure people are aware that they do not deserve business. I am selfless person and do not deserve to be treated like that when I have done nothing wrong.
5	Scary at first... Then once you give it a chance it's super legit! People flock like goldfish (swim like goldfish?) to the new items being wheeled out.. New items come out every 15-20 mins and it's a total SURPRISE!! The workers count down then remove the sheets covering new items THEN people go ham!! Reaching! Grabbing! Tossing! It was nuts but really fun and people respect the items in others carts. I got awesome Halloween/ Fall/ Christmas  decorations by the pound! It's enjoyable and yes sometimes junk & you will get tricked by empty boxes BUT that's all part of the enjoyment of scoring treasures at rock bottom prices!
4	Come prepared!  Bring a couple pair of latex or dish washing gloves with you because you are about to get dirty, literally.  Upon arrival, there are signs on the wall explaining how much the items are priced.  Things other than glass and furniture are priced by the pound. Almost everything is dumped onto big bins, and this is where the gloves will come in handy, no pun intended.  These bins are filled with dust and debris of broken items and just what you usually find when you are cleaning out a drawer you have been putting things in for more than a decade.  It is dirty. But, chances are, you will probably find something you like in these big bins.  I believe this is the final destinations for all things Goodwill - if it doesn't sell at the normal Goodwill store, they get their last chance to prove themselves at this store. The glass items are 33 cents each piece.  I found a couple vases and absolutely love them.  I don't know if I will come and look through the bins, but I am definitely going to start making regular stop on my way home to this location to see if I find any great glass finds!Stay clean!
1	No Stars. Place was very driven. Foreigners were there to pick through everything for resale for yard sales, or out door sales. The bins are moved in and out, it doesn't matter if you were looking at something or not. No high quality stuff that I saw. It was a crazy place.
4	Just went here recently and what you see in the photos is pretty much what it looks like over there. Yes, it looks messy, dirty, and ugly. I only took a look at the clothes and the shoes, everything else looked like trash to me. For the clothes section, I really had to pull out clothes out of the bin just to see what they looked like. Just be careful when you pick shirts and whatever else you may like, they might have holes, buttons missing, etc. but for the most part, many of the clothes I got were in still in good condition. I love how they're BY THE POUND and i paid $18 dollars for 15 pounds of clothing items. I had about 30 pieces of clothing; from shirts, cute tops, sweaters, and jackets. I had 3 bags filled when I walked out of the store, when usually I walk out the door at a regular good will store with 2 bags and it'll cost me $30-$40 dollars, $20 if I go on a senior day. Honestly, I was IFFY to go to the clearance center but I just told myself just to give it a try and see what I can find. They bring out bins every 15mins to 20 mins full of stuff and yes everyone just runs over like it's black friday hahah! Too bad they didn't bring out bins full of clothes. I recommend going there in the morning, that way you'll probably be lucky to get a lot of stuff.
