5	Stopped into Wing Stop with family to eat lunch and watch the Panthers game.  The food was delicious and the service was excellent.  I would recommend the Mango Habenero wings if you can take some spice.  Great spot overall!
3	This is where the wings are! Make sure you get the wings with the bone in anything else and you'll be disappointed.  The flavor choices are standard with the lemon pepper being a little to weak for my taste.  I am a fan of the BBQ and Cajun flavors.  The resturant is clean and has a 95.5 rating.  The staff are polite and accommodating.  The fries are great when served hot but make sure they don't skimp on the fries. I had to ask the manager about my portion on a large once...she kindly replaced them with a bigger, fresher portion.  They are a little pricey but if you like wings, it's worth it.  Their wings are also a nice size, so you won't be mad at how small they are when you receive your food.  Overall they do okay and that is why I gave them 3 stars.  I would have given them 4 but the selfishness with the fries for the price kept them from receiving the coveted 4th star.
4	Great chicken! Fries are great hot, good sauces. Overall, wonderful food and a nice little nook. Never had to wait, orders always accurate and hot! Only downside is the shopping center it is located in is horrid...that and they don't deliver but that close to uncc I can't fault for either.
5	The food is amazing I eat there everyday for my lunch break!and they have 50cent boneless wings Monday and Tuesday!but my most favorite thing is the hit fresh buttery rolls.
1	EPIC FAIL!Wow, what a complete disappointment! HORRIBLE service!We (2 of us) went in a little after noon on a Sunday for lunch. It was my first time trying a Wing Stop and I was super disappointed. The store hours say they open at 11am, but when we walked in after noon they were still setting things up and took several minutes to come to the counter to greet us. They were nice enough, but it took over 20 minutes to get our food.Over 20 minutes for hot wings is ridiculous. Then to add insult to injury one of the two orders of fries was so over salted it was inedible. They replaced the fries without any hassle, but all the fries were not cooked the same. They were cut all oddball with some skinny and some thick, so some were overcooked and some undercooked.The wings were decent, but nothing impressive. I have had better at several other wing places. There are too many places that make good wings and have good service to ever go here again.I have a hunch the reason for the bad service was no management. I didn't see any manager in the store. Everyone looked college age and while it is certainly possible a college age person could be a manager, nobody in that store acted like one. Steer clear if you want good food with good service.
1	Failure from customer service to location to taste. COMPLETE FAILURE!!!This is the worst Wingstop I've ever been to and I'm a big Wingstop fan. In my old city we had over 5 wingStops and they were delicious with excellent taste and customer service... But this place is terrible from location to customer service you can barely see the place and once you go in there you will never want to come back.. The employees are scared to work because the owner watches them like a hawk like they're in prison campus it's completely sad.. Normally Wingstop gives you free extra ranch if they forgot to ring it up but they also made me pay for it and swipe my card all over again it was a disaster. I've actually met the owner once he sits in the back corner on his Apple Computer and bosses people around and the complete most ridiculous way possible
1	HORRIBLE customer service!!! Tried to redeem my check in offer and the manager (Victor) was a complete dick! First he said that the coupon needed to be printed when it clearly said to show it to the manager at the bottom of the screen. He then tells me that he can't redeem the coupon because they have the special only on Mondays and Tuesdays. Meanwhile his attitude while explaining this to me did not help at all!
1	As a Business Owner, there is nothing that sends my rocket to the moon more than POOR customer service! My customer base is EVERYTHING! After today's lunch experience, it's clear that not all Business Owners share the same values or business ethics.I am here at the 9211 N. Tryon writing this! This is the MOST unprofessional establishment in the entire city of Charlotte! We have been waiting for an hour, after our order was made incorrectly (partially!) I explained to the Manager (Tere) that order had been made incorrectly---she blatantly stated that this was not the case as her staff had verified the order (so you're calling me a liar!) ! I questioned how could she verify what I ordered, as she was not in proximity to even hear the order. Luckily, the young lady who took the order verified what I ordered (thank you again for your honesty, Edith). The owner (I only discovered he was the owner after researching and finding other complaints giving his description--guy who sits in back if restaraunt on his laptop) witnessed the entire exchange and offered nothing to ameliorate the situation. I will NEVER patronize any WingStop in the Charlotte area, as they are pretty much owned by the same people (Beracka.US). There is NOTHING worse than POOR customer service, outside of POOR management...this place has BOTH!! I guess, I will continue to patronize Wild Wing Cafe...GREAT customer service and more variety! And, there is no need to respond to this post Victor as it is indeed actual and honest review of MY experience. You had the opportunity to provide resolution and did NOTHING!!
1	Not at all!! And your response lends credence to EXACTLY what I was saying! My son is an adult---his issue was that he does not like confrontation and said 'it's not that serious'! He did not admit to your staff being correct, as HIS order was the portion that was made incorrectly! And he explained that....it made absolutely NO sense to make the entire order over!! There was NO change to the order....the issue was that both orders were made with 'bone-in' and he wanted boneless! My portion of the order, as stated was correct---your staff, wasn't listening to that FACT! Free food!!? Chicken?? Really?? NOONE asked for ANYTHING free or complimentary! All I ask for was MY portion of the order that WAS prepared correctly! How do you tell a customer that you aren't going to do that as I was told!  All I did was suggest you provide some ameliorative measures in response to how your staff handled the matter! I didn't ask for or get anymore than what I PAID and asked for!  The receipt PROVES EXACTLY that!!  To resort to name calling---swindler and cheat....sorry, those are two things I am NOT, NEVER have been and NEVER will be! It would be impossible for 3 different staff persons to verify anything as there was ONLY one person at the counter!! And she DID verify that she made a mistake!! Again, thank you Edith for telling the truth! And, if what you were saying was indeed actual and factual you would have responded and resolved the situation prior to me leaving. The above response again shows just how UNPROFESSIONAL the management AND your establishment is!!
