2	My friend loves South Coast Hotel and Casino because she wins here!  She plays the penny slot machines and wins hundreds of dollars on them!  (Hundreds of dollars on a penny machine!  My gawd!)She got a handy coupon booklet from them when she signed up for their card (I think).  We decided to take advantage of their Buy One Get One Free Buffet coupon for lunch on a Saturday.There's nothing particularly fancy about this buffet like the big hotels on the strip.  It's a newer hotel though and it's buffet is decent.And with these prices, it's a better deal than going out to eat.  Why the two star then?  Well, I was eating this one dessert dish and had a weird feeling about it.  I told my friend, if I'm in the bathroom in less than half an hour, it's because of this dessert.  Well...lo and behold, less than fifteen minutes from leaving that restaurant, I had to find the ladies' room.  Yep, my lunch was making an exit!  Overall, everything else was fine.  Service was standard and the food was okay.  But when one little item gets you running for the toilet, it's never fun.  Blah!Breakfast (Monday - Saturday): 7am - 10am $6.45 Lunch (Monday - Saturday): 11am - 3pm $7.45 Dinner (Sunday - Thursday): 4pm - 9pm $12.95Dinner (Friday & Saturday): 4pm - 10pm $12.95 Brunch (Sunday): 8am - 3pm $11.95 Monday Steak Night: 4pm - 9pm $13.95 Wednesday Seafood Night: 4pm - 9pm $16.95Updated! 07/30/07 - I went here a couple of weeks ago on a Friday night.  They were offering 50% off the buffet with your movie stub, and we had just returned from watching Transformers.  It's seafood night, so the price was about $16.95/pp, but what a steal when you get half off.  The BF was craving some snow crab legs and I noted oysters on the half shell.  We both gorged on those two alone, and maybe with some shrimp, and when we did finally check out what else they offered, it was sad to see that there really wasn't much else.  They were out of spoons, bowls, etc., and it didn't matter where you checked on the buffet line, they just didn't have any!  Even the soft serve machine was breaking down when I was there.  Overall, there's not much going on in this buffet.  Yes, there's a line to be seated, but I think it's because everyone had a coupon of some sort too.  (And can you really complain when your buffet meal is less than $9/pp?)
4	I ate here last sunday afternoon for their all-day weekend Brunch.  For $12.98, this buffet was rather above average to my tastes.  This buffet doesn't compare those at the Wynn, Belliago, or any of the other high end place but is still good for the price  I remember dining on some really nice prime-rib that was better than the ones I had before at Wynn or Belliago just because it seemed fresher and not as much pre-cooked.  The meat flavor was also something decently good, better than those $7.99 prime rib specials you find downtown or at buffalo bills.   I remember eating a lot of their breakfast usuals like eggs, pancakes, bacon, sausage etc.  I saw a lot of people getting made-fresh omeletes but I didn't partake on this as I was filling up on prime-rib and fried shrimp...lol.  I saw the dessert section which looked "okay" with things like carrot cake, cheesecake, etc... I didn't have enough room to try them but I'm assuming they were probably average.  Lastly, I thought their fresh-fruit section was really good.  I had pineapple, honeydew, and freshly-cut grapefruit sections!!  Overall for around $13 bucks, the Garden Buffet is a good deal only if you're staying at the South Point Hotel... otherwise it's not really worth the drive out here since it's so far from the main strip hotels.  Here's a tip, I saw a few players getting comps when they were playing $25 or more a hand at blackjack or any other table game.
3	So-so buffet. Cheap, but you get what you pay for, I guess.We went for lunch and the food selection was fair. Not amazing or anything, but it was ok.The wait staff was super nice and were totally entertained by my 9 month old son. I guess that's a plus. :)
3	Pretty cheap breakfast buffet if you go M-S, worth the money in my opinion, so that's why I give it 3 stars.  Went once for dinner and wasn't as impressed, but that may just be me as I'm a pretty picky eater and don't do well at any buffet really.  Plus the desserts totally sucked, and that makes or breaks the buffet for me.
3	Now that my parents live in Vegas, I have a nice place to stay (translation: since I don't have to pay for a hotel anymore, I have more gambling money).  Because of this, I don't feel the need to stay on the Strip.  That allows me to try out the "local" casinos.  South Point is one of those.  When my parents are too lazy to cook, we just head over to one of the buffets off the Strip, because they're so cheap.  Well, the Garden Buffet is one of those buffets.Now, first thing's first, with Vegas buffets, you get what you pay for.  I've been to some of the $30+ buffets and I've also been to the $6 buffets.  Garden buffet is around $7 or $8 dollars on some days and as much as $13-$15 on weekends and special days.  Like I said before, you get what you pay for.  The quality and selection is that of a cheaper buffet.  But that doesn't mean that it's bad.  Instead of eating lobsters and steaks, I'm eating Chinese food and shrimp cocktails.  I would have to rate the food quality here a little better than average, except for the soup.  I've been here about 5 times and the soup always looked a little old.  I still tried it and it tasted like it looked.  They do have a big selection of desserts and they were just okay.  Also, another good thing about coming to a "local" spot is that the lines usually aren't as long.  And this place is no exception.I would definitely come back here partly because the value and the quality is decent.  But the other part is for some reason, I always have good luck on the slots here.  Knock on wood.
4	Some people try too hard to be too picky. The food is good and definitely edible. If you want to complain, go ahead. Whatever you say, the buffet here is still way better than Hometown Buffet or Sizzler's and the service is better.Take that!
4	I ate here two times when I was in Las Vegas once at dinner time and the other at lunch time. Let me tell you the selection were exactly the same at both times. So I definitely recommend eating lunch here because the price is three or four dollars cheaper. For the price, you definitely get good quality food and a wide selection of stuff. When I came there, they had roast beef, BBQ ribs, a large salad / fruit bar, and desert area. Garden Buffet also has a Mexican area (tacos / nachos) and a Italian area (pasta dishes). The service was friendly but slow to pick up dishes and refill drinks. Overall, this place was pretty decent and stop during lunch if you come by. The Price vs. Quality: 4 StarsService: 3.5 StarsSelection: 4 Stars
4	I recently stayed at South Point and it was awesome! They gave us a 2 for 1 coupon for the lunch buffet and the service was awesome. The food was so so, BUT THE PEOPLE ARE REALLY NICE. They refilled our drinks constantly and were polite. The food I would give 2-3 stars, but the service and deal made the experience even better.
2	While staying at the South Point Casino, I decided to go to the Garden Buffet for breakfast.  To my surprise, they were already closed for breakfast at 10AM and were preparing for lunch!  Are you kidding me??  This is Las Vegas.  A good chunk of people don't even role out of bed until after 10 in Vegas!  Determined to try the Buffet, I made it back there the next morning.  Just making it in time, I got to try it out finally.  They did have a nice selection and the price for the buffet breakfast wasn't bad.  However the food was nothing memorable.  Overall, 2.5 stars.
2	The buffet here isn't that great. It's mediocre and sometimes beyond horrible. The "Mongolian" grill was probably one of the worst ones I've had ever. I think the amateur chefs probably tried too hard with adding the MSG...you can seriously taste it. Most of the other stuff weren't much better. 13 dollars but it is 13 dollars that can be spent towards something better.
4	I thought the buffet here was delicious. There was a lot of food -- I loved the desserts here especially but they didn't have a lot of food, compared to the ones I've been to. Our host, which was an Asian guy, was really cool and he just kept coming and checked if we were doing okay. If you want some good dessert, this is the place to go. We traveled all the way from the Strip here but it was pretty worth it if you ask me.
4	why are people complaining? Yes this buffet is not loaded with desert, or Seafood like the Wynn, but your paying 5-8 times cheaper. honestly for 6.95, it's cheap and good in my book. Asian food with Grill = 3x better than Panda Express. Maybe it's just me, but coming from San Fran, any takeout will be easily 8 bucks a pop. I love the price.
3	I'm really not that picky when it comes to buffets.  As long as I can find a few items I enjoy, I leave satisfied.  Today, I found just that.  I even found several enjoyable dessert items.  I should mention that today's meal was a comp, but even for $10, I wouldn't complain.As a side note, the first time I ate here a few years ago (when the casino was still the South Coast), the buffet had an item labeled as "Al's Gratin."  Hilarious =)
3	This place is cheap and you get what you pay for. 15.99 for dinner, and with the coupon from book, a free bottle of wine as well!The prime rib was the selling point that night. Very tender and juicy. Everything else was just okay. Went in just as it was about to close with half an hour to go and no more foods were being refreshed. I tried he Mongolian bbq since it was cooked fresh.THe buffet closes at 9, kick you out at 930.  Use the coupon book to get bogo breakfast/lunch and a free bottle of wine with purchase of two dinenr buffet.
3	I always thought of this buffet as mediocre but convenient, until I had horrible pyramid buffet.  So, this one's actually not too bad.  You just gotta resist the urge to try stuff that you know is not going to be good.  Prime rib cut directly from the bone is tasty.  Scrambled eggs sitting in a warming tray is not.  Really.Of course, it helps when the pit boss picks up the tab...
3	went to the lunch buffet and they had everything. the asian section was cool because you could have the chef cook you something with the veggies you picked out. your meat choices were either beef or chicken. i payed for it though with the extra mongolian sauce. this buffet is not on the same level as the buffets on the strip but it was still good. the service sucked here though. we had some fat white lady who only came to our table twice. she looked like she didn't want to be there. was gonna tip her a couple of quarters but instead we gave here 1.25.
2	One of the worst buffets I've been to. Most of the food I tried was dried out, like it was made in the morning and sitting out all day. It's not even worth it to go into detail about which food sucked. The only things I tried that were even remotely decent were the pork tamale, stuffing, and mashed potatoes. I'm usually pretty easy to please when it comes to desserts, but their selection was mediocre at best. Even though their dinner buffet costs $15, which is very cheap for this town, I felt like I was ripped off. But, their service was good and everyone was extremely cheerful and friendly, hence the 2 stars.
2	We went downstairs for the Sunday brunch compliments of the 2 free buffet coupons received as part of our postcard offer.   The brunch proved to be, as expected, a disappointment with everything of mediocre quality.  I sampled shrimp cocktail, Mongolian grilled chicken and vegetables, chow fun and (3) itty bitty desserts.  I felt it was overpriced because of the lack of variety and quality in comparison to their regular breakfast buffet.
3	2.70 stars.  Not bad, not great.  Decent variety.  If you're ever in Vegas with someone that is undergoing the effects of a mind altering substance stronger than alcohol bring them here.The multi-floral psychedelic carpet in the buffet will blow them away.  I was bordering on dizzy every time I looked at it and had to avert my eyes.  What the hell was the design thinking behind that?We'll save money on our food if we make everyone dizzy from looking at the carpet?  The entertainment factor of watching stoned people walk around staring at it would be worth it?  Seriously, what is the story here?I meant to get a picture of the carpet but forgot.  If there is a next time I will.
2	I don't think I will come back here ever again. We had a 2 for 1 coupon which we thought it shouldn't be that bad if we paid only $16 for two dinners. We were wrong. I rather spend that $16 for burgers and fries at a fast food.They got two stars for good service, and only because of good service, not the food.
2	Not a very good buffet but I think this place is better that the POS one at TI.  You can actually move around to get your food here and the plates are normal size.  I went about 2:30 but they didn't tell us they close at 3pm to start getting ready for dinner.  Choices were limited and they were very resistant to putting new food out, since they were going to be closed for an hour.  I thought it was strange they still had breakfast food out at 2:30 in the afternoon, but who I am to judge when people wake up.  I liked the mongolian grill part, but they don't add noodles to your dish, and they had no pork.  My friends said the mushrooms didn't taste like they had been washed and the sushi was so hard you could chip a tooth on it.  Dessert was odd, I think I may have grabbed a display cake because my fork would not penetrated it on any side.  I had to go back and asked for one in the cooler.  I would eat here again if I was in the area, but the South Point has better choices, however; it's only like 15 bucks.
3	lucky for me,I did not have to pay full fare as this was not worth $15.00,as my local friend had a 2 for 1 coupon.. The food was real dry(fish ,beef,chicken),and selection of sushi was not existence.. the lines was short to get in, I wonder why? I now see that the food that they had ,with all the selection available,was not great..But the service help at the table was great,empty dishes were picked up quickly and refill were always there..The best part of the buffet is the big selction of desert,it was better to get the slices behind the glass counter,must ask for a slice from the help there,as there are pre-slices pieces available,but not all the varieties there,must ask.so it was really 2 1/2 stars not quite 3? fyi this was dinner
2	I used to really enjoy The Garden Buffet but we stopped going because it was very hit and miss for my vegetarian wife.Recently South Point have been mailing out some very good coupons and since we had $10 of free slot play each and a 2 for 1 buffet coupon on the same day we decided our meal would be basically free so decided to make a return here for the first time in over a year.Now, the last time I had been here I would have rated it four stars. The Asian section was good and the Mongolian Barbeque station was absolutely delicious and I was ALWAYS very happy.Unfortunately I feel like America's economic woes have impacted the quality of this buffet. The previously amazing Mongolian station now serves up the most rubbery, fatty pieces of meat I have ever tasted, the Asian food is mushy and disgusting and the whole spread has become flat out uninspiring.There's also a pasta station which can often be a saving grace of a lacking buffet, however they serve up the most bland creations possible and disturbingly the sauces for the "made to order pasta" are scooped straight out of the communal vats on the buffet.On the upside, the salad station allows you to put together a tasty, fresh salad and the pink lemonade they have here is excellent.I really feel like the quality of food served up here has taken a sharp dive. Garden Buffet has gone from a good quality "away from the main strip" spread to something getting dangerously close to the dire stuff served up at Excalibur.
3	For the price, this buffet is GREAT!I was really surprised when I entered the $13.95 Saturday brunch buffet to see PRIME RIB out.  Since there's a "prime rib night" at the buffet I figured it was a rarity, but apparently it isn't.  It was also available at dinner on Saturday night for their $14.95 buffet!!!Okay, now that that's out of the way.... There are definitely some questionable items (eggs benedict with dried up hollandaise sauce... must've been sitting there for quite some time, ew), but overall there's enough variety and decent enough quality to please most peoples' palates (assuming they aren't too stuck up).Some highlights:-corned beef hash for brunch... mmm.-crispy but not overdone waffles (at brunch AND dinner--with fried chicken at dinner haha).-cooked to order omelettes (huge, btw).-MY favorite form of frozen yogurt out of a machine--icy, NOT creamy.-pork tamales.-prime rib!-carved turkey with ALL the fixings--stuffing, mashed potatoes, turkey gravy, cranberry sauce.  I love turkey!Also, they have a mongolian BBQ thing going on, but the BF and I decided not to try it... whoops.  He said it didn't seem to come with noodles, but that would just be plain wrong!  I'll have to look at other reviews to see what the truth is...
1	My first one star. I'm a card member so I did the whole buy one get one free thing at the buffet. Which isn't bad. Lunch was under twenty bucks. But here's my problem the server didn't bring back the right drinks.. Ok..I can deal with a small mix up but she did it twice. The food was dry, the best part was the salad and the dessert.  I'm not much of a complainer, really but this place got me out of my shell. The taco meat looked like rat meat, the potatoes are the obvious box not real potatoes and well the Pizza was actually all right. It was thin crust. I got out of this place as fast as i could. I knew it wasn't going to be that great but I didn't expect it to be this bad.
4	First time eating there since a very good deal for rooms at South Point. Surprise to see prime rib dinner on Wednesday. Descent price per head, $17. Very good prime rib. Some other meats in Carving station (Short Rib especially) are good too. Not too much seafood selection, only easy peel shrimp is served. However, Green mussel are good too, butter and garlic, my favorite. Pasta station serves great live action and has a very friendly chef. Asian Station has Mongolian Grill (or Tapanyaki) but a bit oily and salty. Very basic dessert selection but very nice. Overall, very good food for the good price.
3	We stayed at the South Point Hotel and ended up getting free buffet coupons, so I can't really complain about the food, it was free! They had a pretty good variety of food, seafood, mexican, chinese, italian, mongolian bbq, salad bar, dessert bar & meat bar. The food wasn't the best quality, but it was edible.The service was good, we got a sweet brazilian girl who was very attentive and very helpful in getting us some info on the local Brazilian BBQ places in Vegas.Moral of the story is... if you get free coupons for the buffet, go get free food. If you have to pay, go somewhere else. That is my tip of the day!
2	There are so many better buffets in Vegas, so why did my family make me eat here twice? Well it was really cheap for breakfast. And the omelet bar was good, but a lot of the food was gross so you have to search for something you like.
4	I have reviewed this place before and I am pretty sure it just got okay ratings from me, but this time it was excellent. We went on a Friday night which is the seafood buffet night.. Let me start by telling you what earned the stars..... KING CRAB.. AYCE. I have been to the oyster bar and had the 16.99 1 1/2 lb of King crab but when i paid 18.99 for the AYCE seafood buffet and walked up and witnessed with my own 2 eyes that it included AYCE king Crab legs and clam chowder and oysters and shrimp. I almost broke out into song and dance." These are a few of my favorite things" .I really could not tell you how the rest of the buffet was because I just hammered a bunch of Crab and shrimp. The other great thing they do right with crab is they split the legs in half so all you have to do it pull the meat out and dip it in the golden molten butter and devour it. Picture me sitting at a judging panel... On Monday Thru Thur. id be holding up a 6 sign. on Friday 9.5.Very nice!!!
3	We went here Saturday night for the Seafood Buffet and much to our surprise the food was actually decent and quite tasty.  Price was only $14 which was a plus and can't complain cause the food filled our stomachs.  This buffet was actually alot better than some of the more expensive buffets in the major hotels on The Strip.
1	Very disappointing I rather have mcdonalds. The food was not good enough to make me want seconds. It wasn't inedible, I ate it with no desire of any kind.Dessert was sad. The blueberry pie tasted like plastic. My girlfriend had to spit out her little tea cakes. Both of  our desserts were dried.
3	Since we were staying at the Southpoint and we had free buffet coupons off we went for dinner and breakfast the next day.Dinner was your normal buffet fare. Nothing major stood out. They do have very good chocolate cake.Breakfast is pretty typical as well. They do have an omelet station which is nice..but the line can get pretty long for it.I enjoyed the waffles. I also had to have another piece of that chocolate cake!And they have a bloody mary bar set up as well which is included in your meal . They were kinda watery but ok.Our server at dinner was a bit better than at breakfast..breakfast was really slow..real slow.I'm sure I will eat here again..hopefully with a freebie coupon!
1	Food was nasty for a Vegas Buffet. The people were rude and demanded more money if we wanted to stay for dinner. Avoid it's not worth even if free. I'm never coming back.
3	I was in the area ...had a buy one get one free coupon so I couldn't pass on the savings. I had also never been to this buffet inside Southpoint Casino so I thought it was worth a try. My plate consisted of their Prime Rib ( Wed is Prime Rib Day) , mashed potatoes, seafood salad, and fried rice. When I was eating the Prime Rib I thought it would be a good idea to mix fresh Horseradish with a creamy Horseradish. I was proud of myself for trying to be creative ..I continued to put a thick layer of it over my Prime Rib. I took a bite and tears came out of my eyes and my nose was burning. It was equivalent to the time when I first went out for Sushi and I thought Wasabi was avacado...big mistake then and now! I think from now on I will stick to A-1 sauce. I was trying to add flavor because the meat was a little on the dry side. The mashed potatoes were tasty it had little bits of red potato chunks in it which was nice. I also had the seafood salad but I was afraid to try it because it had clams in it. I eat clams but mainly if it's in a soup so this was different. It also had calamari, and I think crab . The salad had a nice creamy consistency to it but I couldn't eat more then two scoops. It was good but the after taste was getting to me. The fried rice was decent it was nice and dark ... I hate when Fried Rice is light in color it makes me think it will be tasteless. I was so ready for some coffee and dessert after only one plate of food. I tasted their Coconut and Cookies in Cream flavored cakes. I was glad these were moist and spongy. The frosting didn't stick together in one big sheet ..that's another clue that it was fresh...so I was glad. Overall the buffet was okay I did notice that they did have Crayfish that I was thinking about trying but I didn't want to get messy so maybe another time!
3	The breakfast buffet has been upgraded since our last visit and now includes a free Bloody Mary.  We each enjoyed an OJ and fresh fruit with strawberry yogurt.  The remainder of my meal included an odd, but tasty egg ranchero as well as a dollop of corned beef hash and some home fries.
5	Stopped off here before I headed out of Vegas. Sundays' brunch was the best. Every type of food you could think of. Eggs Benedict were mouth watering and eggs were cooked just right. Then I saw the eggs with Salmon. At first I thought , hell no, fish and eggs but wanted some protien for the long ride home.After I ate the first couple of bites I wanted to go back and stand guard over the tray and do my best to secure the rest of the tray for me alone. Cooked with a slight taste of butter and fresh Salmon the eggs and the seasons used compilments the two like the perfect wave on Kauai's North Shore endless and breath taking. Garden Buffet in SouthPoint Casino delivers and delivers big time.
1	This is probably the most appalling buffet I've ever seen in Las Vegas! Do not eat here! The quality is abysmal at best and the food is dry and has sat on the bar a bit too long. The customer service along with the decor is ok, but I would definitely love to be at the MGM sipping on mimosas with creme brulee and meaty crab legs.
1	For dinner, we decided to try out the South Point's Garden Buffet.  It was a huge huge huge mistake.  The wait was not that bad to get in.  We only waited in line for less than 10 minutes and were seated a few minutes later.Service -- adequate for a buffet.Food -- one word --- ahh, "yuck"!  There is really nothing special with the South Point buffet.  Honestly, the food was not very fresh and the quality was way below standard.  For example, it is now oyster season (month's with the letter "R" in it - October).  I walked over to the oyster station and the smell of "rotten" oysters was absolutely disgusting.  These oysters must have sat here ALL day.  And, yet, no one replaced them or bothered to clean the stations.  As for other meats, the chicken was dry.  And, the prime rib was not very good.  Only thing that I enjoyed was the pasta and some of the desserts.We were extremely disappointed with this place.  This is probably one of the places that we have to cross out on places to eat.  I definitely would not recommend this place.
2	This was the third time I ate there.  The quality of food was not as good as it used to.  The fruits are not fresh and the meat dishes are greasy.  Well, what you cannot complaint is the price, which is cheap and the dining area is clean.
3	We were a party of 60+ (yes, you read that right) that came in after a funeral service for a relative and they sat us FAST!There was a decent spread of Asian, Mexican, Italian food and what looked like a Mongolian stir fry station plus an omelet station. Granted, we weren't hungry after the service, we obliged the host family and ate up.I was lucky enough to score the prime rib end cut (my fave) with some breakfast staples. All tasty. Husband got from the Mexican section and cleaned his plate. For not being hungry, we managed to clean 2 plates and hit the desserts as well.We didn't pay for our meal, but from the prices on the website, it looks really affordable. Not a bad deal if you're willing to drive away from the strip... an even better deal considering you don't have to wait in a long line like the other hotel buffets we've eaten at.
2	I woke up this morning and was super hungry.  I felt like Nordstrom Cafe, but they were closed...Thanksgiving after all.  So I figured Yi Mei Taiwan Champion Deli would be open to get some of that freshly fried chinese donuts (oil Sticks) and dip it into warm soybean milk.  Nope, they were closed as well...WTH, they are taiwanese!!!  So anyways, Southpoint is right across the street, so we'll just go to their breakfast buffet.It was cheap, 2 can have breakfast for $15.03 + $3 tip.They didn't have my favorite breakfast item though.  It's the smoked salmon topped with capers on top of a cream cheesed bagel.  They had the salmon scrambled eggs (although this one taste better than the one I had bought at New Day Cafe, and is cheaper here too).  They have the regular breakfast item...nothing stood out...oh wait, their fruits were limited to apples, bananas, oranges, and thawed berries (hence, not fresh).I had a small bowl of grits mixed with eggs, some salt and pepper, with a slice of wheat toast and was done.What I didn't like was the fact when I was in line, there was a big kid that cut everyone and grabbed some bacon and placed it on his unclean plate.  Come on people...don't you read the regulation?  You are suppose to use a clean plate each time you go to get more food!!!  What's even more disgusting is that I saw a little kid, about 7 or so (in the age limit where there should be adult supervision!!), dug his hand into the bread basket, and touched one too many bread, and finally grabbed the prized bread to spread the land o lakes whipped butter on!  Parents!!!!  Please communicate to your children the etiquette, or simply comply with the regulation!!!!Anyways, service was ok.  It's cheap, but I will be eating a breakfast bar instead.
1	This place SUCKS! It is so terribly bad though that it became comicly disappointing. Apparently they serve Saturday bunch as well as Sunday, so they get you for breakfast. The price is $6.99 Monday - Friday, and absolutely worth no more on the weekend, especially not the $13.95 they charge.The beverages (OJ, milk, coffee, water) all tasted like trash. The mimosa was so bad I coughed it out because it tasted more like a flat warm beer than either of the drinks inside of it. As for breakfast on the brunch buffet, you have the option of 3 day old muffins, undercooked scrambled eggs, or an omlet from the station after you wait behind the 25 other people trying to find something that won't make their stomachs turn.Don't bother even looking at the sign to this place unless you're desparate for food and have and iron gut to handle the immensely dissappointing substitutes for food.
1	$6.99 breakfast from 7-10 m-fUgh... I couldn't eat 3/4 of the things they had. The cheese the in made to order omelette was 1/2 cooked, the bacon was rubber, the sausage ugh... wont be  back.
2	This buffet is located at South Point which is a bit further from the strip but we were here for the rodeo competition and were hungry so to the buffet we headed.For $15 we went in for lunch...which included mimosas. They had normal buffet food...but it wasn't great quality. I still ate 3 plates:Plate 1: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqgg&select=fsbBhNLTpOun8rUazxefNAPlate 2: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqgg&select=3sTWwO4oZ9xzTrzigk9ADgPlate 3: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqgg&select=AlXdm4Rww07ObBjUKh3odQI ate because I was hungry...but when your in Vegas, the city of buffets, there are better buffets to venture!
2	OK food, nothing exceptional. Lunch buffet was about $15 per person on a Sunday, the waitress was friendly and brought our drink orders fairly quickly. Probably wouldn't go out of my way again to come back to this buffet.
2	Garden Buffet at South Point, has its ups and downs. It is very spacious and roomy, where its easy to get to and from the buffet line. It does have nice furniture and a nice staff. But of course, we didn't come here for the room itself. They do have a good selection of food, even a good selection of seafood. Usually a place that serve sushi at buffet is always a plus for me. But I guess the time that we went, wasn't very pleasant. I guess with the fact, that we went was probably late lunch, we didn't know that there was a time set for lunch and dinner. So we basically got the left overs of lunch in other words. Mainly food that's been sitting out there for a few hours, rice that hasn't been changed and over cooked. Sushi tend to be dry and hard, as well as some seafood. Luckily we didn't get sick, but it was kind of nasty that some of the food on our plate was as hard as a rock. But again, we did go during the end of lunch hour. I'm probably sure, if we did go earlier for lunch, it may have been different. But the fact that it has time limits for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, I guess they don't circulate food as much, and probably stop at a certain hour so they can start with the dinner buffet. Now, if you have no where else to go, to eat. Then I would probably suggest to get there early, and not during the end of the lunch hours, if you want to experience a decent meal. Otherwise, I would probably suggest another place to eat.
1	I ate here for lunch since I had a free coupon.   Seriously nasty.  Think Golden Corral.  EW!  Salad bar saved the day.
2	I have had the misfortune of eating at this buffet twice (the second time because I arrived at the hotel for a show and got there too late to eat anywhere else). For $12.99 for a dinner buffet you would believe that at least something decent would be put out. About the only reason I give the place two stars is that the service is decent. For food I would give it zero stars if that were possible - and I'm not that hard to please.
3	After making a mistake of going to the BBQ station for ribs (this ain't BBQ country) and finding them quite dry and basically inedible the buffet redeemed itself with quite good MExican, a good salad bar and very nice and efficient wait staff.Free lunch buffet tickets in the coupon book I got when I checked in definitely made this worth every penny.
1	With all the buffets in Vegas, the Garden Buffet is definitely on the lower end. My parents and I came here because my dad had a comp for two and we paid for one. It was seafood night, so I agreed to go. It was a huge disappointment, even though we only paid for one and got a free bottle of wine.Their crab legs are dry, the raw oysters looked like a health hazard, and the line for the seafood section does not justify what you get. The same crab legs and oysters from the salad bar, with fried shrimp, eel, and clams. Everyone says do not fill up on salad at buffets, but that was the best looking area. The prime rib was dry and tough and the salmon had a coating of sauce that had the consistency of glue.I was impressed with the Chinese section though, not because of the food selection, but with the dedication of the employees when it came to changing out food. The fried fish in tomato sauce was delicious, because they changed it out often to prevent the batter coated fish from being too mushy.I would suggest paying a few dollars more and go to the M buffet instead. Now that is a beautiful off strip buffet.
2	Not the best buffet... Not by a long shot. I came here on a Wednesday and it happened to be prime-rib night ($12.99/person). The seafood that they had here was SAD. Battered and fried talipia, precooked cold shrimp with cocktail sauce, boiled flavorless crayfish, and overcooked, over-butter salmon. The prime rib however, was cooked very nicely. They had two roasts, one rare and the other well done, so if you're not one of those people who love your meat bleeding when it's cut and served to you, you have another option. The other stuff at their BBQ section I would skip entirely. The chicken has no flavor and is overcooked to death.The other plus of the buffet was the dessert selection which was PACKED with different kinds of pies. I think total, they had about 25 different kinds? You line up, tell the person what you wanted and they cut it fresh for you. Pretty awesome if you ask me.At the "Chinese" section, you could select a bunch of raw ingredients and have them cook it up for you with was pretty cool. The chicken that they had here was suppppper tender so I'd recommend that.I didn't care to try the Mexican section, the salad bar was messy and didn't look too fresh, and everything in the Italian section looked too greasy and looked like it sat out too long so I didn't care to try it either.Overall, below average. Prime rib and dessert saved this place from getting a 1 star in my book. I do have to admit though, this is clearly a case where you get what you pay for.
3	Our leisurely breakfast during which I consumed a Bloody Mary, OJ, grapefruit with strawberry yogurt, carved ham and a huevo ranchero. was pretty good.
3	Decent price, good selection, not-quite-motivated (and definitely off-putting) staff.This buffet is well-stocked and carefully managed. The selection is reasonable quality for the price. The temperature of the food has always been pretty stable (as in, I've never gotten sick because I ate here...and sadly that's the gauge I use for buffets). The staff are well-practiced...but there are a few points that really bother me about the staff. When paying (even in cash), I am asked as a matter of practice "Did you want to include a tip in the final total?" In other words, I was solicited for a gratuity BEFORE the service was provided. *(heavy sigh)* On what of the seven great continents on our planet is it acceptable to expect a gratuity BEFORE the service is provided? Let alone just stop at "expect a gratuity".I have eaten at this buffet several times a month for several months now, and the story is always the same. If I could believe my iced tea glass wouldn't remain empty for most of the time, I would consider "including a tip in the final total".To their credit, at least the staff most of the time try to pretend to have a sense of urgency. And that's the other point I am concerned about here. These people are real bad actors. The pretending is real obvious. They apparently have training classes at this well-managed, well-stocked buffet on how to motivate the wait staff and I can just see their faces sitting through yet another month of training to be promptly ignored. It's like totally inconvenient for most everyone I have met that works at this buffet to smile or be polite. It's like a droning, whining, complaining with inferences: "Siiirrrr...(sigh)...can I bring you some more Iced Tea? (arg....again)" You would imagine that an empty glass half way through the meal would suggest I was thirsty...so Yes, Please, And Thank You. :(Real creepy feeling after I leave, like I just watched a high-school play put on by a group of high-school drama students who didn't memorize their lines, and if they did, have no clue how to deliver them. "Thaaaaannkkks. Buh-buy now. Buh-buy."
2	Visited on 2011-04-20 for dinner.  It was Wednesday; their "Prime Rib" night.  Prime rib was okay, but it went downhill from there.  There are stations for Seafood, Chinese, Mexican, Italian, BBQ, and Desserts.  The Seafood was fried oysters, dill salmon, cold shrimp, green-lip mussels, boiled crawfish, and not much else.  Tried a sample of each, and couldn't get past the first bites; the seafood was just either dry or tasteless.Chinese offers a made-to-order stir fry; we didn't try this.  Opted for the beef chow fun; it was about what you'd expect in a buffet.  They deep-fry the pot stickers - uh, no thank you!.  Mexican - typical make-your-own tacos with hard shells, ground beef, cheese and toppings.  Very average - the ground beef had a strange flavor.  Other options include enchiladas, green chile pork, and a few other items.Italian - meatballs, spaghetti, lasagna, sausage, and pizza.  Again, typical of what you'd expect from a buffet; sometimes dry, not much flavor.BBQ - besides the prime rib, they offered pepper steak, beef ribs, and pork ribs.  Sides include corn-on-the-cob, mashed potatoes, and stuffing.  The sides were all flavorless.Desserts - a variety of cakes, etc.  Typical buffet items.  The best items I liked were the prime rib (hard to screw that up), the beef ribs, and the green chile pork.  Passable on a few other items, but that's about it.  Even for a buffet, I don't think I'll try this place again.
3	Typical lower end casino buffet. What it lacks in quality it makes up for in quantity. We received "fun books" for staying next door at The Grandview, so we had coupons for free bottles of wine and buy one get one free.The food was nothing remarkable or noteworthy, but it filled the pit and left me satisfied. At less than half the price of the M's buffet down the road, it's a good value.
1	I have one word: HORRIBLE!South Point Hotel screwed up on our hotel and offered free tickets to Garden Buffet. The food tasted bleh, it was luke warm, and the meat was tough. the food was salty!!!!the only thing that was good was my fountain drink. other than that, save $14 and go to another restaurant!
3	My wife and I went here for Easter Brunch because we figured there would be no line and it wouldn't cost much.  We were right.  The buffet was right around $15 and no one was in line (good or bad?).  I thought the buffet was fine for what is is priced for.  It was by no means wonderful but the food was okay.  The weird thing was that all the breakfast items were mixed into every other ethnic station of food.  It was like a little Easter Egg hunt to find all the different dishes.  They do have an omelet stations which I think is a plus.  Bottom line: you get what you pay for.
2	Not a very good brunch today....the eggs Benedict got overcooked while sitting out on the counter. No one had bothered to take our drinks order until we flagged one of the servers down.Overall food experience: I've had better days with them!
2	Geez, i don't remember this place to taste that bland and boring the last time I came here. This time, it seems like the food quality has gone a bit downhill. Not much selection and it's the same everyday. Roast beef and prime rib tasted like jerky... the other stuff was plain and boring.All I ate was salad! hmmm
2	There is a reason this buffet is such a bargain. I had both breakfast and dinner at this buffet. It's just not that great, nor memorable. They have a create your own pasta bar which is decent, Italian, Asian, Mexican, and American food for dinner. The service is slow for drinks as well.
3	This has got to be like, the cheapest buffet in Vegas! That being said, I had low expectations going in so my review is not quite as disgruntled as the others.Came for lunch with the free voucher you get as a hotel guest. Standard buffet options including Mexican, Italian, Asian, Salad and Desserts. Nothing was terribly tasty but I've definitely had worse (for more money). I enjoyed my salad, enchilada, deep fried ravioli (best idea ever, btw) and mini cheesecake.Fish didn't look amazing so I stayed away (a rule I hold true to when dealing with suspect seafood) and service wasn't amazing (took forever to get a drink refill) but otherwise, I think this is an ok place if you're in the area and need a cheap meal.
5	.., I underestimated this buffet. But now after having eaten here, I feel it's underrated. After a previous stay @ South Point, we were equipped w/ a handy little coupon book for our next visit. Luckily my gf remembered to bring it this trip & we scored on a free buffet gut buster during our stay here for the 4th of July.  I admit I was bashing on the Garden Buffet's name for it didn't sound promising. Being an obnoxious carnivor, the "Garden" part in Garden Buffet didn't sound tempting at all. Little did I know, I was wrong.After working up an appettite during our little roulette/blackjack binge, we wanted to try out our free buffet coupon. It was free during the weekdays & it said nothing about any blackout days during the holidays. So we waited a smooth half hour in line chatting it up w/ fellow South Point visitors. We were seated & hopped in the buffet line immedietely. I had myself a protein orgy!!!Here's what I had from what I remember:bratwurst w/ sauerkraut - excellenttons of bacon- excellenttop round- eh, it was ok, tasted blandrigatoni pasta w/ pesto sauce- excellentscrambed eggs- excellenthashbrowns-excellentchicken gumbo- superbfried chicken- excellentItalian wedding soup- superbroast beef w/ au jus- tastystrawberry cheesecake- excellentService was attentive, not your typical balls out fancy buffet, but it got the job done. I was very pleased with this buffet, especially with it being free? We will definately come back! Staying @ South Point? Check em' out!
3	Went with the family to the south side of town and ended up at South Point for Friday Night Seafood Buffet. I rate it about a B-. I don't eat seafood because of allergies to fish oil, but managed to wolf down a few plates of a pretty decent Mongolian BBQ. The Misses ate plenty of sushi and crab legs and both her and our roommate loved the Shrimp Macaroni & Cheese (okayyyyy). A little pricey it was I think in the $18 dollar range with a players club card. Wouldnt mind trying the buffet for breakfast. Cant remember our servers name, but he was from Cuba, and excellent service. Drinks stayed full, empty plates disappeared quickly and very friendly.
2	Probably won't eat here again. It's pretty costly for a butfet that isn't really that great ($18.95 - yeah, I was too lazy to get a Player's card). The food is average at best. Not alot of vareity. I found the wait staff helpful though. They cleared plates efficiently and refilled drinks readily. Still - you go for the food, not for the service and I found the food to be average at best.
4	A decent buffet with lots of choices. Get the 2X1 coupon from the Nevada AAA guide.
2	On our first morning in Las Vegas we chose the breakfast buffet where we were staying. It was unusually busy for a Thursday morning due to an influx of cowboys attending a bovine sale as well as the start of the PBR finals.  My breakfast included OJ, fresh fruit with strawberry yogurt, easy over eggs, a sliver of ham, bacon and a Tums. Everything was reasonably fresh.  We used our funbook coupons received at check-in.We returned a week later for the luncheon buffet using a pair of free buffet coupons from an additional pair of funbooks.  I enjoyed a few small cocktail shrimp, a tomato salad, one BBQ pork rib, a few tiny meatballs and a fresh fruit tart.
3	My husband and I are often watching our carbs and we love to eat.  This breakfast buffet has a lot of meats, a fresh omelet station and is usually not very busy.  So this meets our criteria.I cannot get over the meat carving stations, there are two and it's different on both stations.  One has several different sausages, ham and pork while the other has your chicken, roast beef and turkey.The salad bar is fresh and there is an assortments of fruits and other breakfast items, but we usually for go these items.  For the price, the selection and the fact that there are no crowds, this is an excellent choice for weekend brunch.
3	I went here for the breakfast buffet on a Sunday. Overall, its the not the fanciest buffet when you think of Vegas buffets, but it gets the job done. Its pretty cheap for all those who are leaving Vegas on a losing streak. When you first walk in you can grab a Mimosa or champagne. They have 4-5 different sections to choose from: italian, seafood, mexican, american, and dessert. It offers something for everyone. For breakfast, the food here is decent!
1	Sad excuse for a casino buffet.  Hometown Buffet is better... Enough said.
3	Ribs that fall off the bone.
3	Located in the Casino level of the Southpoint, this buffet is priced right for what you get.  It has Chinese, Mexican, and Italian sections, as well as a salad bar, other more "American" stuff, and soups (during lunch and dinner).  At breakfast, obviously, the offerings are different.  But I can't imagine coming into this place with a hankering for a certain taste and not finding it.  There is plenty of protein and even a Mongolian BBQ grill.  We didn't try it but it looked intriguing.Before paying and going in, get a club card and a coupon book.  It's free.  In the book, you'll find a coupon for free lunch and breakfast M-F. Each coupon is good for two people so if you and your partner sign up, you'll have more than one free meal if you're there during the week.The front-end is a bit chaotic, with employees at the top of the line yelling over a wireless communication system, for other people deep within the dining room to locate appropriate tables.  It seems, no matter what time of day you arrive, you'll stand in line.  I'm not sure why... often the restaurant isn't full.  Go by early morning on New Year's Day.  80% empty and still a line.  That is a testimony to the inefficiency of their table assignment methodology.Our service varied.  The first time we went there, we had to beg the guy for drink refills.  The second time, the lady was right on it.  In fact, she simply brought us a pitcher of iced tea for our table.  What a concept.It's hard to recommend specific dishes, seeing as how they vary the selections from day to day.  I did enjoy the clam chowder.  It was quite savory, with plenty of clams.  You can get good-sized tail-on shrimp in the Chinese section and put it over a salad for a nice shrimp salad.  They also have a good taco bar.  I broke the taco shells and made a tostada out of the meat, beans, cheese, lettuce, pico de gallo, and corn (from the salad bar).  The taco meat was really good.  They also had tortilla chips and guacamole.  Both were pretty good.I'll never understand why people bring stroller-aged children to Las Vegas.  Seems the smoke inhalation alone would kill them.  But, no, I see people cruising the casinos with kids screaming in strollers.  Hey, I'd scream too.  And I felt like it when a large family with one screamer couldn't shut her up.  Makes me feel like I'm waiting at the DMV when actually I'm just trying to enjoy my breakfast.  So one would think with the complex seating assignments, they'd come up with a way to put people like that in a padded room or something.  Sigh.Oh, and then there is the element of society that goes in there to steal food.  Unbelievable, one little old lady in a double-knit suit boldly went up to the pastry area and put a stack of at least 10 bear claws on her plate and took them back to her table.  5 minutes later all were gone but her giant purse sure was fatter.  She repeated this several times while we were having our breakfast.  Isn't anybody in there watching for that kind of nonsense?  If my college aged son tried that, he'd probably get booted out by Security within minutes.  Reverse age discrimination.  Let the cheapies get away with whatever, subsidized by the ones who play by the rules.  It's a turn-off and makes it look like the hotel / restaurant could care less.
2	I was just in there for lunch today and I gotta say for the 3rd time trying it I don't like it. The food is so so, some salty, some there was no flavor at all.. The service sucked I was waiting at least 10 minutes for a refill, plus on top of that I had to flag the server down in spanish, just so they would come over. Well what do I expect, it's a cheap buffet
3	Friday during lent, they conveniently had a seafood buffet.  Fried calamari and fried shrimp are hard to mess up, so that's what I dove into.  Their mounds of crab legs are split down the center giving them easy access and easier to eat.  Raw oysters are always a gamble, but i ate them anyways and luckily didn't get sick.  I really can't complain about this buffet.  The thing is, you have to compare it to some of the best buffets in Vegas like the M Resort.  It's a no-frills place to eat but when I stay here, I'll eat here.  What's to hate?  Prime rib at the carving station, tacos at the Mexican bar, a pretty crappy Asian bar, and of course the random assortment of fruits and not very tasty desserts but will have to do.  If I have time, I'll go to the M.
2	The breakfast buffet was virtually empty this morning so turnover was a problem, but we were in a rush to catch our plane so I quickly downed OJ, fresh fruit with yogurt, easy over eggs, corned beef hash and some breakfast tatas.
4	I enjoyed this buffet! I thought the shrimp was great. It actually tasted like shrimp, rather than bad ocean water over at M Resort. Great prime rib and great potatoes. I thought the crab was just OK. I would certainly go back!
4	Overall, this buffet was better than I expected only because of their prime rib & rare new york steak. It was the best pieces of food I had there to eat during this buffet - only when it was medium rare, when it is most juicy & tender. The first piece of prime rib I had was chewy cuz it was pretty well-done - definitely not the type of steak I like. But when that more rare piece of meat came around, I HAD to try it, & it was great with the au jus dipping sauce. Their bostom creme pie is worth trying.  So is their shrimp w/cocktail dipping sauce.Everything else in the buffet was just okay or less. Drinks: We ordered OJ from our waitress, but it was so watered down. That OJ did not taste fresh nor did it come with any ice. It was most DEFinitely from concentrate. Then the apple juice my mother-in-law ordered was diluted. x| However, I ordered their cranberry drink another time, & it was MUCH better than the OJ & apple juice. Their Nestea rasberry iced tea was okay too.  Price wise, it was okay. $14.95 per person for Mother's Day brunch. Would I go back again? Probablay if I get super good coupons (i.e. 50% Off Coupons)!  =P
2	I went there because it was free I would never pay for this buffet it is not the worst buffet but it's definitely not the best.  It tastes more like the type of food you would get at a rest home. Not bad for free. I prefer Seasons buffet at the Harrahs over this buffet.
4	If you're south of the strip and looking for a decent wallet-friendly buffet to satisfy your bottomless craving, this is the place! My last few times visiting I was in the south and manage to eat here during breakfast and dinner. The breakfast option has more than enough of a selection to me with the eggs Benedict being my favorite. Actually, the all-you-can-drink mimosas and bloody Marys were my high points here!....lol. As for dinner, before even taking a seat, our waiter mentioned that their wine by the bottle was $6! Yes, that means a bottle for each person! Of course, it wasn't a top shelf selection but any varietal of Barefoot Cellers for that price is a deal and a good way to start the night. Oh, yeah, the dinner selection was good as far as I can remember.Since this is also my first sit-down dining review, I will say that the service I received was a definite five star. Even though the food may not be up there as the larger casinos, the service is just as good and maybe even better from my experience. Moral of this review is: it's affordable, there are bottomless mimosas and bloody Marys, and $6 bottles of wine!
2	Not good at all, food was cold and tasteless, literally everything we had was just OK. Pizza was decent, fried chicken was not hot, roast beef was well done, Chinese chicken and fried rice was pretty good, soups were gross! catfish, scallops and other seafood was cold. I wouldn't bother to go back.
4	I'm far from a buffet person.  We went there for Memorial day (my husband is a veteran) So they were giving away buffets to veterans, tacos / nachos were good, the salad was good, they had craw fish (I couldn't eat that) Sushi..(I couldn't eat that either) Egg Rolls, Chinese food.  Pizza, which I was really surprised how good the pizza was.  Yeah...I was so freaking full I had to wobble to my car!  lol And the price is only $10.95 for lunch
2	If you compare this to some of the buffet's on the strip then this place is definitely 2 or 3 stars. However, it's not that bad if you are here and staying at or near this hotel. They provide a wide selection of food, which does the trick, but nothing earth shattering. I thought the prime rib had way too much fat, the stir fry had way too much sodium, and the desserts just blatantly sucked! I actually liked the taco bar, and the seafood was decent. A bottle of wine was like $7 so I guess that's a consolation! ;) So don't expect the world but it's an option if you're really hungry.
2	I guess I really just dont like buffets in this town.  The prime rib was so salty.  I would stay away just pay the extra money and hit the steak house.
4	We ate here last weekend and boy did we enjoy this place this time! Delicious, delicious, delicious crab legs now! So sweet and full of meat. Finally this buffet really nailed their crab legs!
3	We got two free buffets for the 51's hitting two home runs.  The wait staff was courteous and they always filled up are drinks and we never got a large stack of dish's on are table.  The food was not as impressive some of it was over cooked and under seasoned.  They had a decent amount of food for a lunch buffet but I would be disappointed if we where eating dinner.  It is a long drive for us to get to this buffet and probably won't return unless we receive it free again.
2	The poor reviews are deserved. Wish I had read the Yelp reviews before I ate here.I came for Sunday brunch, which was $18. About the only thing I liked were the scrambled eggs. Everything else seemed to be the cheapest quality they could find. I got turkey and it was tough and stringy. I got a big piece of prime rib but only ate half of it because it was so tough. The mashed potatoes were lumpy. The gravy tasted like it was out of a can. The orange juice had little flavor. The coffee tasted like it was from powder. Not good food and not good value.
4	Join the player's club, and not only do you get that exclusive cool kid feeling that you got when you received your first Albertsons' club card, but you get to eat at the buffet for $13.99. Now, how people can complain about an all you can eat buffet that serves quality prime rib, good rotisserie chicken, and shrimp diablo is beyond me, I loved it. The only negative is that it is a buffet in Vegas, so don't be surprised at seeing mullets, muscle shirts, and an occasional unicorn tattoo.
4	This Buffet is located inside the South Point Hotel and Casino. You know South Point is a bit off the beaten track so it is a little different than other Casinos.It is a nice place very clean ,a lot of people, and a lot of children. It is not too high priced as some can be. $27.90 for 2 lunchs.They are open for Breakfast ,lunch , and Dinner.You have a seat, they server brings your drinks over,our girl took her time on refills. But, the food is good and there is a lot of choices.Of course lots of parking in the lot. Nice and cool inside.Not a bad place to go.
2	This buffet was pretty dreadful.... Im glad I had certificates from the Grandview next door because if I'd paid $30 to eat here I would have been peeved!
3	If you are in South Point looking for a place to eat this buffet is not a bad choice. South point has a few great dinning choices and I would rank the buffet as my 2nd choice. First would be Steak and Shake, third is Don Vitos. Lets talk about the Garden Buffet, You can not go wrong with the multitude of food selection inside this place. It has everything from seafood, Asian food, Mexican food Italian food, all American food and deserts.I went on a Friday night which means it was King Crab night. Wow, I have never seen so many crab legs all for the taking. The 16 bucks for the buffet was worth the amount of crab we ate. There were over 4 areas were you could dish up the pre-cracked legs. Honestly next to the outstanding flavor that was one of the greatest things about the crab. Every single one of them were ready to eat. No cracking, no pulling and no work. Just devouring the savory King Crab!! They sure made it easy to pile my plate high. The rest of the seafood was mediocre, and the Asian food was decent but laking in choices. It was limited to chow mien, fried and white rice, egg rolls and one seafood side dish that looked Way to lets say exotic for my taste! The sushi, well all I will say about that is I would have been better off buying sushi at the grocery store! The Mexican food was awesome they gave you the choice to make your own tacos, burritos or nachos with a good selection of meats and seafood. The desert section was full of choices but by the time you get there let me make a suggestion. Get another plate of crab instead!! The cake slice I tried was terrible and so was the pie. I took one bite of each and that was enough for me. The waiter service was OK, I think we just had a lady on an off night as the rest of the staff there were very polite. All in all, if your in South Point and need somewhere to eat. This is a top choice. If you are just out an about for the night its not worth making the stop as there are so many options here in Vegas.
3	Okay, don't get me wrong, but as long as have been coming here until recently I've noticed that I have actually had to "wait" to have my slice of prime rib! WTF?? I remember when they had someone manning that station once the buffet opened! Really??? Hopefully, this will improve. Geez!  Otherwise, I like my Saturday morning Bfasts and not that it's football season... my parlays. :-)
3	We decided to have this buffet on the first morning of our stay using 50% off coupons from the funbooks received at check-in.  The buffet is largely unchanged from prior visits and you can still get one bloody Mary per person as you enter.  The room is large and well appointed.  There is omelet station where you can customize your omelet or cooked to order eggs as well as several prepared egg dishes. I started off by requesting a small glass of orange juice and then proceeded to the buffet for fresh fruit with strawberry yogurt and frozen blueberries.  My next plate included easy over eggs, hash browns, bacon and a blueberry crepe.  Everything was okay, but I am rapidly becoming disenchanted with buffets in general.
2	1.5 Stars.  ---   This place keeps going downhill. Save your time & money and go eat at Silvertons. Met up with some SoCal friends that had free rooms here so we decided to have the buffet. It so happened to be steak night. The steaks are horrible. Well done steaks are medium, medium steaks are super rare & I didn't even try the bleeding carcass below "medium". The vibram soles on my work boots would have been more tender. I had to carve up 8 steaks to get 3 forkfuls that were half palatable & not rubbery or gritty.. The food in general was warm to room temperature a half hr after dinner service started and probably not up to health code regs. The Mexican & Italian sections were sub par, food just tasted strange, weird spicing choices. The chile rellanos, besides tasting freezer burned had almost a chemical taste. The cod was dry but the breading was oily. The deserts were anemic & tasteless & I don't want to know what the goo was coming out of the ice cream machine. Our beverage fetcher would disappear for 20 minutes at a time. Way to expensive, was around $17 a head.The only plus, the little Mongolian grilling station is decent. Only thing to eat there.
1	The South Point Hotel is our favorite place to stay in Las Vegas.  Their Garden buffet is the only negative thing that I don't like about South Point.  We have tried their breakfast, lunch, and dinner buffets.  Nothing tastes very good.  Why do we still continue to eat here??  Two reasons.....the prices are affordable (especially when we have a buy 1 get 1 free coupon), and everyone else in the family thinks the buffet isn't too bad.  My wife and I seem to be the only ones who don't care for the buffet here.The quality and taste of the food is sub par and mediocre at best.  Even the desserts aren't too good.   A positive thing is that I do not eat too much so I don't feel guilty.  Another positive is that the staff serving us drinks and clearing the tables have all been friendly.  Still, we will only come here if we are with family.  If it just my wife and I, we will go somewhere else.
4	I see I'm going to have to rescue this place from some bad recent reviews.  We live nearby and we eat here at least once or twice a week. It's not the M Buffet, nor does it try to be. Nor is it $35-45 like some Las Vegas Strip buffets. It's just our go-to place for consistently good food and service at a great value. Like the Holiday Inn commercial said, the best surprise is no surprise. If you want fancy, or you're just burnt out on Las Vegas buffets, the South Point has nine other restaurants.Currently the Garden Buffet is $7 for breakfast (7A-10A); $10 for lunch (11A-3P) and $15 for dinner (4P-9P, Sat until 10P); special nights (Monday, steak, $17; Friday, seafood, $20) and weekend brunch (8A-3P Sat-Sun, $15) slightly higher. Beer and wine available for purchase. Prices include players' card discount, free to those 21 or over. You'll need one players' card for every two adults to get the discount.  Free Bloody Marys and Mimosas included with weekend brunch (again, if you're 21).Soup bar typically has chicken gumbo and white bean chili, sometimes split pea and pasta e fagioli, sometimes my favorite, BLT soup. Large salad bar.Seafood section offers peel-and-eat shrimp, mussels, baked salmon or swordfish, fried scallops, sometimes baked mahi mahi or trout. Next is the Asian dept. with chow fun, pad thai, or "General's Pork." There is a Mongolian grill whose chef will custom-fry your veggies with chicken, shrimp, and/or beef. Mexican bar has enchiladas, and quesadillas; Italian consists of linguine and tortellini offered with alfredo and marinara sauce, and pizzas. Carving station offers prime rib, beef round, brisket, turkey and ham depending on the day of week and time of day, also beef short ribs, mashed potatoes, gravy, cranberry sauce, prepared horseradish, Brussels sprouts, bowtie pasta with London broil or pork chops, Last is the dessert bar with bread pudding and assorted pies and cakes.Friday is seafood night featuring all-you-can-eat hot and cold crab legs and other seafood items such as halibut, baked trout or crawfish.  Tip: Come at lunch Fridays and you'll typically find all the seafood items out except for the crab legs.Your attentive waitperson will, of course, bring you coffee and soft drinks.After your meal, catch a movie in the always-uncrowded cineplex located just steps away, or watch a ballgame in the sports book.I asked the wife to comment: "Honey, the last couple of people panned the place.""What? That's not fair. It's clean, they have great iced tea, the service is great, the food is great. I wish they had a little more variety, especially in the Italian and Mexican sections, but I really like the place."Another Yelper commented: "If you're ever in Vegas with someone that is undergoing the effects of a mind altering substance stronger than alcohol, bring them here."With all due respect to the South Point, I'm not sure I'd select their club as a place to hallucinate. Especially not during rodeo season. But LOL.
2	I'm not sure what's so great about this place. It wasn't even as good as something like Hometown or Golden Corral. There are plenty of better buffets in Vegas, such as the Rio. The buffet is only decent when you have the half off coupon. Only then do you get value for the food that you are eating. And by value, I mean getting what you pay for. I feel bad for the people who are suckered into paying full price to eat here. At half-price, it's passable.
1	Don't bother eating here. A 50% off coupon for a $10 buffet should have raised a red flag, but we were starving && wanted something quick. Everything had a bit of a stale air to it...nothing looked, or tasted, fresh. The catfish was overcooked and very muddy tasting, almost masking the taste of freezer burn. The ribs were cold && covered in fat. The hush puppies just tasted...off. The other baked fish came in weird, thick sauces && the egg rolls were mushy on the inside? The only things that were good were the mashed potatoes && salad. There are other, much better, choices in the hotel.
2	I only ate here because the guy kicked a field goal in at a UNLV football game.  I had a guy behind on line, tell me that this was one of the best buffets in vegas.  I hope not.  It was mediocre at best, they sent the italian and asian foods through some kind of deflavorizing machine.  Because what I ate was meh!
2	Chose the buffet Sunday afternoon 1/6/13 because we wanted shrimp. It was our second time visiting, the first time in July 2012 was great. The chef at the omelet station was very short with large breasts, she couldn't reach some of the choices. Our waitress was strange looking and didn't appear to like her job. A women 5 inches taller and much bigger than her..male partner was all over each other. Other unusuals too.This review sounds rude but I honestly had to leave, it was like a wacky freaks day out. It's really not my nature to judge appearances, but it was all too strange and not very appetizing.The atmosphere at a food establishment is just as important as the food. We will not be going back. The shrimp was good.
4	I liked staying at this hotel, and the buffet is pretty much just as good.  pretty basic and decent selection.  Be smart - sign up for a players card there.  Then when you check in, they give you a coupon book.  There is a coupon for buy 1 get 1 at the buffet plus some other really good discounts!
1	This place was decent when it opened. Now it's not worth eating even if its a comp meal.   Eat at the cafe it's way better
1	We used to love eating here on everyone of our trade  show trips to Vegas but this will be the last time we eat here. Our waiter got our simple drink order wrong. The hibachi guy burned the food. All the meat was tough and gristly. Their white clam sauce for the linguine tasted like cream soup from a can with way too much oregano. Even their dessert was dry.
2	If I could rate this as a 1 1/2 stars I would. Many a family member has had issues eating here from sickness, stomach bloating,  to just simply disgust at the lousy food or service. My father found a huge bread tie in his food and the manager couldn't care less.  Most of the food is overdone to overcompensate, as in most likely - OLD. You know taken out of the freezer spiced to hell then sitting out all day, then put back in the freezer .. repeat... it has that kind of taste. I suspect they use MSg or something too in many dishes as I get really wonky even if I don't eat Chinese. Dessert is ok... it's probably the safest bet if you don't want grisly meat or acidic coffee... Skip it if you can. But I know its cheap with the coupons so if you must keep to dishes that aren't sauced just in case. ;)  Not recommended.
3	We had a morning flight so it was eat and run on the day of our visit. I opted for my usual - OJ, fresh fruit with strawberry yogurt, bacon, huevos rancheros and corned beef hash. Everything was okay with nothing standing out.
1	For the price I was expecting real food this was one of the worst buffets I have been to in Las Vegas no wonder our economy is slow
2	I really wanted to like this place but after dining, not to pleased. Alot of the food was not to temperature. I ate some hush puppies that were clearly cooked once before, were not eaten at a certain dinner service then reheated again. The prime rib was strangely red, not from the natural juices and was bland. Crawfish were very rubbery and black, not appetizing. The only thing that was okay was the dessert. Can't say I will go back again.
3	After coming to South Point for several years now, I finally tried their buffet with my family. We came on Sunday for brunch. Service: nothing to complain about much. They came off not so personable, but they did what they were supposed to do. Food: since we came on Sunday before 3, we had their brunch menu which also meant unlimited mimosas. Mimosas were good. I only had one, though. As far as food goes, it's like any other average buffet in Vegas. I do have to say, though, their prime rib and mashed potatoes were pretty amazing. For dessert, I had frozen vanilla yogurt with hot fudge sauce & whipped cream and a chocolate cake. Their chocolate cake was pretty bomb.
3	We stopped here on a whim for dinner, not even looking at the Yelp reviews in advance. I would definitely have been scared off, if I had looked so that's probably a good thing. My fella is a sucker for buffets so I decided to be a good girlfriend. There was no line and we noticed that they offer a discount with a rewards club so we made sure to get one before we went. The prices weren't great, but we decided to still give it a shot. We were seated quickly and the server was very friendly and brought our drinks. The line was pretty well stocked. They had a lot of variety, which I was little surprised by. It was a basic buffet, but unlike some of the more expensive buffets in town, they had a lot of things to choose from and it was better than expected. They have themed nights so that's fun. Definitely a better experience than expected. Not the best food or buffet in town, but a solid choice if you're at South Point.
3	I ate here years ago and told myself "never again". I filled up one plate of food and didn't eat most of it. I went back to see if I could find something more appetizing, but couldn't so I just made myself a salad. The server came around maybe once. Bleh.So despite telling myself "never again" I found myself at South Point because my friends and I were in town for a convention in their convention center. My friend needed to be somewhere at 2pm and it was already 1:40pm so we picked the buffet since it had no line and we figured he could overload one plate and eat really fast while the rest of us took our time. Also we had 50% off coupons. It was Saturday brunch and we figured even South Point couldn't mess up breakfast food. Turns out we were right. The breakfast items were great. The problem was this was a brunch and they were charging brunch prices. This would double the price of breakfast and significantly more than the regular lunch price. Basically each station had breakfast items (sausage, bacon, potatoes, eggs, etc.) that were identical or with only minor differences. There were very few lunch items even though brunch lasted until 3pm. Of what they did offer, the Asian station had delicious ribs that looked to be the only Asian item at that station (everything else was sausage, potatoes, eggs, etc.). The Italian station also had a few good items. The food has certainly improved since my last experience and I wouldn't mind eating there again, although I probably wouldn't eat brunch in the afternoon again given the higher cost and lack of non-breakfast items. I can't drink enough mimosas to justify the higher price.The good news was that the service was much improved. Our server was attentive and had a charming personality.
3	This is a mediocre buffet that becomes a fabulous meal-deal when you have a 2-for-1 coupon. It's already inexpensive, but the coupon makes it such a good offer that it's impossible not to give it a go.This isn't be worst buffet in Vegas (not by a long-shot), but it's also nothing fancy. We went during the Saturday brunch, where they had a decent selection of breakfast and lunch items.The buffet was arranged a bit odd, with the breakfast items sprinkled throughout, including in the seafood section. I stuck with lunch items, including peel-and-eat shrimp, prime rib from the carving station, super sweet watermelon, pizza... Unfortunately, I was too full by the time I noticed a Mongolian BBQ section. I also did not leave room for dessert. There was a good variety of food and it was mostly good quality. Nothing was amazing and nothing was horrible. It was very basic. The decor, like everything at South Point, looks like a cruise ship from the 80's.I might return here if I had a coupon, but it would not be a buffet that I would go out of my way to visit.
2	We had another early morning flight so once again it was eat and run.  I filled my belly with OJ, huevos rancheros, corned beef hash and fresh fruit with yogurt. The room was almost empty so our server was unusually attentive.  We used our funbook coupons received a check-in for 50% off making the breakfast buffet a bargain.  A 2.5 rating would be appropriate.
3	had to eat here, really didnt have a choice considering we had early games on saturday and sunday. it had decent food selections which is a plus. my son loved the omelette station, he got a cheese one and he ate most of it. he also liked the asian selections and of course the soft serve ice cream. i had a little of everything, have to say that most of what i tried was ok. the buffet is nothing special but it did the trick.
1	Do NOT go here for full price. Find a 2 for 1 coupon or go somewhere else. Sunday brunch: burned mini waffles, rubbery scrambled eggs (from a carton, for sure), and dry French toast. My son enjoyed the fried rice, but that's it. Resist to temptation and just get a bagel at the coffee shop.
5	Food isnt bad, egg to order line was pretty quick, food wasnt left out for a long time and was always well stocked, wine and Mimosa bar are both free
1	We went here for fun, expecting it to be mediocre to poor, but figured for $5 (club card + coupon) it would be worth at least a few laughs and surely we'd find something to carry us through to the next meal. It was worse, much worse, but we did have some good laughs. It  was so bad that my faith in humanity was challenged, seriously. Sure, everything *looks* fine, you could even argue delicious in some cases. And it's not like it's spoiled food, either. It's just absolutely devoid of any goodness whatsoever. You get what you pay for, and nowhere is this more true than in Las Vegas.
1	The food here was so bad that I had to download yelp just to write a review about it and warn people not to waste their money.  The food was horrible, it was cold and it taste like cardboard.  I paid $60 for myself and my two children for Saturday brunch.  They took one bite and couldn't even finish what was on their plates.  Don't waste your money or time at this place.  This place gets no stars but I had to select at least one to proceed with my review.
3	It's a pretty decent value when it's not seafood night.  Dinner for non-seafood night is about $16 after tax with a players card.  An acceptable selection.  It's not fine dining, but it's a good deal for the money.  It's honestly about the same quality as the station and coast casinos but for a few dollars less.The Mexican station is full of tacos, enchiladas, and whatnot.  Italian has spaghetti and lasagna.  Meat carving station has prime rib (way too salty) and turkey.  The salad bar has bleu cheese crumbles and bacon chunks.  The beef and broccoli is pretty damn good actually.For seafood night, some cold crab legs don't justify the $5 price increase.Drink refills were prompt.  Waitress was friendly.
3	As far as buffet goes, it's okay. Price was so so. You get a discount if you have a players club card. (Only the card member, not your whole party gets the discount, which sucks when you're with a bunch of kids)They had a variety of cuisines (Seafood, BBQ, Chinese, Mexican, But nothing stood out. Service was very efficient and friendly. I can't say I would recommend this place. There are other options you might want to explore before coming here.
1	No good. Nothing to say. Bland or too salty. No taste beyond that. I would only recommend this place if you are extrememly broke and only for midnight to 7am ($2.95).
2	Well. This is a buffet. If you're someone looking for an amazing buffet experience in vegas, you probably didnt click on the Garden Buffet reviews anyway. It deserves the low stars because it is such lower quality than what the trend in buffets in vegas is becoming. If you are looking for a good buffet, wiling to not be cheap, and by south point, just keep driving to the M and enjoy Studio B. Ye can thank me later. In regards to the Garden Buffet: It's not completely miserable. If you are on a budget, it could be an option for a large quantity of food for cheap. You can go register for a club card and get an even better price for your entire party (we saved $15 for 30 seconds of work).  There are some things at the Buffet that you will certainly like. A personal favorite of mine is having the live custom stir fry esque experience. I could eat plates of fresh cooked garlic beef with water chestnuts for the whole meal and be satisfied. Do yourself a favor if you're in vegas and actually interested in a good buffet to go to Cesars, Cosmo, M, or any other myriad of buffets I love. The joint at the South Point is jut south of par.
3	Use the card. Prime rib was very good. Everything else average. Service was better than average.
2	2 1/2 starsWanting to finish off our Vegas trip with a buffet, but not at a huge price since we spent it on the weekend already, we came here upon my friend's recommendation of it being a decent buffet.Coming in the building, I can tell that it is a lot older than most of the ones on the strip. They were under constuction and putting in really nice plushy carpet though.Anyways, there was no wait when we got there so we were seated immediately. I liked that they buffet had different stations - Mexican, Asian, Salad, Seafood, Carving station, American...The food though was mediocre. It was all edible, but I felt it was hard to choose something that I actually liked to go back for. For the most part, it was well seasoned and cooked alright. But as i said, nothing really worth going back for.The desserts - uhhh... questionable. We got ths one lime green pie/cake looking thing and our fingers literally bounced back when we poked it. It was like a floamy spongey piece of dessert if that even makes sense. Weird...Overall, it was eh... for the price (a little under $15 for lunch I think) it was alirght, but I actually rather spend a little more money for a better buffet.
4	The Southpoint to us is as a port o john is to a construction worker... It is never really your first choice but when you are in a pinch you just have to go. It is our last resort after we go through the plethora of options of where to eat and none of us can decide what exactly we want so finally someone lets out a large sigh and says.... Okay, lets just go hit the Southpoint buffet. There are a few things that I can definitely say are a positive for the buffet here. 1.) The Prime Rib is always perfect and they cut it for a cowboy not for a princess. IE. I went to the buffet at Mandalay and it was the thinnest slice of meat I have ever been handed that was not over a deli counter. 2.) The wait staff is usually very friendly aside from one experience I had there we always receive great service. Now for the "meh" details1.) The selection really never changes2.) The salad bar is lack luster 3.) Does anybody really eat those crusty craw fish at the end of the buffet? 4.) It closes at like 9PM. I know that is mostly due to it being a locals casino.... well that is what they say but I know damn well we do not have 398 Cowboys that all gather at the Southpoint every weekend that are all Locals. I know before going to a late movie There are times we would love to go grab some prime rib and veggies without having to go to the prime rib specific restaurant in the South point. With all of that said, this is still probably going to be out go to spot to defuse those Hangry arguments we get into so regardless if they have tiny tidbits of salad toppings or Gigantic cuts of Prime rib it really doesn't matter because like I mentioned earlier it may not be your first choice but when your in a pinch you just have to go.
2	I've been to a few buffets and this is definitely one I would pass on.  2 stars for the service the food was lacking a lot of things. It was cold and had no flavor. I wouldn't spend my money here again
1	I was food poisoned at the Garden Buffet. We stopped in on our way out of town. It was 'Seafood Night'. About 90 minutes later, I had the most explosive bout of vomiting of my entire life. On a positive note, the staff was friendly.
3	first off, the prime rib here is good! thick cut, and roasted well..there is also sinus blasting horseradish available to go along with it...mashed potatoes and gravy are good but not great, poor selection of bread/rolls for dinner, and usually just one type..the salad bar is unimpressive, but not bad.....get the southpoint club card and save 50% on your meal...2 of us ate dinner for a little over 16 bucks, so not bad for all you can eat prime rib...makes this cheapskate happy!
3	We don't normally do buffets as we have food allergies to contend with.  Having said that, the "chef" did come out and helped advise of which foods to stay clear of.Seemed to be a decent buffet for the most part but not having tried others especially in Vegas, it is hard for me to rate.  I would give it a 3 star but you have to be selective in what you choose.  The basics are good eg prime rib, spinach, rice pilaf, mashed potatoes.  For the club price, thought it was very reasonable especially compared to other alternatives we have up in Canada. I'd read others reviews for comparisons to other Vegas buffets as they seem to have a better appreciation for what else is available. But it seems to me that no lineups and reasonable food to satisfy both adults and kids at a decent price wins them a 3.
2	The food was good, but the service was horrible. The waitress didn't even want to tell us what they offered to drink. Everyone, including the chefs were rude. Definitely not worth $40 for two people. Won't be getting my business again.
1	My wife and I are staying at the hotel and went in for lunch... If you ever watched national lampoons vegas vacation.... This place is like the dollar buffet Chevy Chase went to after he blew all his money and couldn't afford anything else. Everything we tried tasted like crap.... Even the quesadilla i had tasted like crap...cheap cheese....cheap food....cheap taste all around.   Nasty.  My wife even stated she had better TV dinners.   Go to McDonalds and get a better meal.  Save your money and avoid this place.
2	I've definitely experienced better. But it's a decent price. So you gotta weigh the possibilities here.The wait was quick. With a club card, it's $14.95 for dinner, which isn't too shabby. Bottles of wine can be purchased for $7.The buffet is on the smaller side and offers seafood, Mexican, Asian, Italian, BBQ, salad, and dessert options. The seafood and BBQ sections are where to fill up. They doubt the prime rib and shrimp - and both were the highlights of my dining experience here. I also enjoyed the potato salad and pasta salad.Go in hungry, with low expectations, and not craving anything in particular.
3	Breakfast prices have increased by $1 since our last visit, but the overall quality remains good. Unlimited bloody Marys are included and fresh fruit options currently include fresh strawberries.  My first plate included a variety of fresh fruit topped with yogurt.  The second plate attendees were easy over eggs, bacon, corned beef hash and grilled mushrooms. Everything i tried was well prepared and reasonably fresh.We used coupons received at check-in to reduce the cost by 50% making this meal a veritable bargain.
1	Wish they had an option for no stars... Spent $19 and was served bad Denny's quality food... Nominated for worst buffet in Las Vegas.... Never again...
4	Not a bad breakfast. It was pretty good. They have a nice variety. A very nice fruit bar. Good coffee. Everything was always stocked. The staff is friendly. I'd come back.
4	This buffet is okay. You can't expect too much from a brunch buffet that is $15 regular price including bottomless mimosas. When we used the hotel stay coupons, and out players card, we only ended up paying like $8 with tax. Taking that into consideration, you get a lot of bang for your buck. The food is average of course, but it was clean, bright, and covered all the basic buffet  options. Surprisingly, I had some pretty good steamed cabbage.  I mean, it was on the level of southern grandma Sunday dinner. I know, crazy right? I even went and complimented the chefs behind the buffet glass. Hey, drink enough mimosas, and you are throwing compliments everywhere! Would I go back to the Garden Buffet at the South Point? Of course, especially since they give 50% off coupons. It's totally worth it if you take advantage of the bottomless mimosas.
1	Went for Saturday brunch, and hated it. Lines were long for below average crap. Buffet is not organized well at all, with people waiting unnecessarily across several stations, in order to get eggs or omelets. If someone wanted something from the blocked stations, they were chastised by the line people who thought they were cutting the line. The food was not good: eggs were horrible, bacon underdone and greasy, sausage was overdone and dry. Potatoes were VERY underdone. It seemed like they were going through the motions, instead of putting good food out. I have been to truckstop buffets that were much better than this. And at 20 dollars each, we were highly upset. The service staff and bus people were great, and seemed to know about the quality of the buffet. They kept giving subtle, but knowing looks,  when they heard complaints.  And management was accommodating, refunding half of the ticket. Unfortunately, I cannot recommend this establishment, unless they make serious changes to their layout and improve the quality of the food.
1	This was possibly some of the worse food I have ever ATTEMPTED to eat.! OMG, for shame that the Sunday buffet was $19.95 for CRAP! There was nothing there that was tolerable. It was a complete waste of money.We stopped @ the M buffet on Sunday morning but they stopped serving weekend breakfast buffet in March. So we dropped into the South Point because it was closest.The selection was very limited for a $20 brunch  buffet. The regular fare for breakfast eggs, omelets, bacon, etc all of which were terrible. Eggs over medium was runny egg whites, eggs Benedict was cold & lacked any flavor, sausage was "hockey puck" tough, all the steam table food was way way over cooked and lifeless.There is SO much more but I think you get the picture. The thing that really makes me crazy is that I could have gone anywhere else and for the money had a superior product.My advise is don't stop here, it will disappoint
4	I come here almost each time I'm staying at South Point. There's not much difference between dinner and lunch. Why 4 stars? With the 50% off coupon using the players card, lunch is only $5! Just eating prime rib, fresh stir fry vegetables (you choose what you want and give it to the chef to cook), some pasta, and a slice of chocolate cake with frozen yogurt .... is WELL worth the $5. For all you nay-sayers - you get what you pay for. Of course Bacchanal will offer better food - obviously when the price is roughly $50/person. I'm not complaining.
1	I only traveled to the south point due to the fact that my a.c broke and had to hotwire a hoel for the night. The kids were hungry so we had to feed the little beasts before things got really outta hand. The buffet had a long line so we assumed it must be o.k. NO WAY! I felt a paralayzing aniexty attack come on walking into this buffet. There is no selection at all! Everything is either fried or sitting for a long time. I actaully said there was an emergency and had to leave! ( i was only there for like 5 minutes )They refunded my money. This is the worst buffet I have ever been to in my life. BEWARE!
3	Reading the bad reviews here makes me sad.. it's not that bad people, dang!Under 8 bucks for breakfast and 13 for lunch is not bad at all. Plus, they give you a coupon for 50% off the buffet when you check-in, S C O R E.Just make sure you save that one for the Seafood Buffet night on Fridays, 25 bucks (Reg. Price) for all you can eat oyster, crab legs, shrimp and everything else. There aren't as many options as let's say, the Rio LV Buffet.. but their omelette station in the morning is great! They even can use egg whites if you ask them to. For Lunch you can make Stir-fry which is great too. For dinner, a favorite for me is their prime rib. It's so juicy and flavorful. Plus, please save room for a slice of their German Choc. Cake.. its the bomb. PLUS = all drinks (non-alcoholic) are INCLUDED. Get a pepsi now and coffee after. I loved that. Downside was that some of the other choices were just meh. Pizza, meh. Pasta, meh. Ice cream, yuck (perhaps made with water). & beef barley soup or split pea soup as their only soup options..why!? Change it up, put some chicken noodle soup in there. Overall, it's not a bad deal! Just try a little of everything, I'm sure you'll find something you'll like.
1	The South point buffet has the worst food I ever tasted in Las Vegas well not just in Las Vegas anywhere I can't believe somebody would pay money to actually eat there. their food looks good but tastes terrible I recommend this place to nobody
3	As buffets are concerned, not one of the better ones I've been to.  Not bad but nothing special.
2	So I went here 2 weeks ago with my family and we've definitely experienced way better.  No offense, but this has got to be one of the worse buffets food wise. There aren't a lot of options compared to other buffets you would usually find in Vegas. I got two types of rice and they were both quite hard... I don't regret eating before the buffet.I did like their soup; however it tasted like Campbell's, nothing wrong about that because it tasted great but again, this is a buffet in Vegas and there needs to be something special about this buffet. I'm thankful that Steak and Shake and Zenshin sushi is a few steps away.
1	How do you mess up bacon?! Ate breakfast at the buffet yesterday and it was absolutely awful. The bacon was inedible (my 8 yr old wouldn't even eat it)...hot food was barely warm...mini bagels were hard and stale. Now turned off all the dining options at South Point...too many good places in Vegas to risk another meal is as awful as this was. Not a lot of point staying here again!
1	The reviews are true one of the worst buffets in Vegas - food was stale overcooked or greasy. It is worth what you pay - It was comp, I will pay next time.
1	The food here is not fresh, we got sick. Its tasteless and bland. Avoid.
3	See if we can get our money worth. Lol.  I tried the prime rib which just can't go wrong with, but aside from that...it was just another buffet.  just ok.
1	Prime rib has no flavor, desserts were good and they were sugar free. Eggs were dry, sausages flavorless, mimosas ok, seafood looked nasty and the gumbo was nowhere near gumbo. Bad experience ever at a Las Vegas buffet. On top of that, I am now in my room and cannot leave because I am to scared to be too far from a bathroom. 20.00 for this breakfast buffet???  What a joke.
4	Had the lunch buffet on a Monday and let me just say before I start eating at any buffet I do the walk through first and decided to just stick to fruits for my lunch! Can't say much about the meat dishes because I didn't have any but overall everything was good on the fruity side! :)
4	I will have to say that this place is actually not that bad. I've been in Vegas for 17 years, buffets use to be good and now a days, its hard to find a decent one. My parents and siblings wanted to come here  for dinner so I decided to tag along. If you have a players/rewards card you get a discount so make sure to get one or use yours if you have one. I like the fact that there is so much more protein choices and an area where you can have food cooked for you (If you don't like oily food like me, make sure to tell them little on the oil). The dessert was pretty good, of course I only went for chocolate items, lol. I wouldn't coming back here.
2	Ehh this buffet isn't really good! Ive have had worse though. Salad bar, prime rib and the peel and eat shrimp we're good. Everything else was mediocre. Not a huge selection of items also but for $15 for dinner I guess I can't complain. I probably won't be back for dinner again but I like to try there breakfast buffet.
5	Excelent buffet.. Muita variedade de saladas, tipos diferentes de comida.. Varias opcoes....Seafood, Asia, Italian... I recommend
4	LUNCH was really nice...great choices...BUT...DO NOT CHOOSE GINGER'S station if you want any service at all....never took a dish away...never even in sight...had to go looking for her and forget getting a beverage or refill on coffee...I got flatware from another table...but there was a mature gentleman servicing other tables that was johnny on the spot...wish we had him.
4	Definitely one of the top 5 buffets in Vegas! It's inside of South Point, a fairly new casino off the strip, and the first thing I noticed eating here was the efficiency of the staff! Food was a very nice variety, and there were lunch discounts for hotel guests. Great place to eat at, just make sure to get a player's card for added discounts!!
3	It's OK here. Both times I've been here the service was good. The food is hit or miss. If you have a free coupon it's a great deal. If not you can probably find enough value. My favorite is the prime rib. I'd skip the beef ribs (dry, tough), fajitas (salty, tough beef), orange juice (powdered?) and coffee (blah).
3	I have been here 2 times and had completely different experiences.  The first time we came around 9. The food was ok.  They have an omelette station that was pretty quick.  They also had scrambled egg whites.  Veggies are a bit hard to find. The service was great.  Refill on drinks were brought right away.  The second time we got there at 10. A sign said lunch was at 11. We figured that was enough time. After we paid they said to make sure we have all the food we want by 10:30. This time we got no attention fron the server.  No refills.  Half of the food was put away by 10:15. The only veggies available we at the omelette station  (which they happily gave me some). The food was ok.  Had been obviously sitting out a while.  We left at 10:50. There were 8 servers in our area and a manager.  Noone took plates from our table or offered to get us more drinks.  The second visit was not enjoyable but the food was not the worst ever.
2	The only thing edible here was surprisingly the prime rib, which stands up to almost as good as any you'll find even at any of the top five casino buffets in town. Juicy, nice color, and tasty. If that's all you want with a few sides, this will be a fantastic buffet for the price and i would give it a solid 4 stars. Unfortunately, 90% of the other food was slop and the chefs and management need to make significant improvements. They probably make themselves better food for their families at home.  They had buttered noodles that would had been great topped with parmesan cheese that i couldn't find anywhere.  Asked the waitress for some parmesan cheese and she was too lazy to get some for me...pure laziness.  She just kept yapping with her coworkers, while the place was dead slow. I still tipped her 20%, but she deserved zero, and so overall this place gets two stars. If I'm nearby and hungry for prime rib, I may give it another shot but won't have high expectations on anything else.
5	Located inside The South Point Hotel Casino on Las Vegas Blvd. This may be the best of the 'cheapie buffets' Breakfast every week day $7.95 (with club card) all you can drink bloody mary's, let me repeat that ALL YOU CAN DRINK BLOODY MARY'S. Good now that we've gotten that out of the way, the rest of the buffet is the normal breakfast, but I should add great quality, I am told that owner and Las Vegas legend Michael Gaughan has made it a point to provide quality food in all of the restaurants at South Point. Give it a try, oh and don't forget to add a slice or three of bacon to your bloody mary!  Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
1	I wish I could claim I contracted some version of Las Vegas Buffet food poisoning at this location; but, on Veteran's Day, where the shortened window of eligibility for complimentary (comped) buffets (typically only for addicted gamblers) is extended to "All Active & Retired* Military Personnel & One Guest[,]" Southpoint's measured (and marketed) benevolence and generosity is maxed at most no farther than one hour before Garden Buffet's regular listed and posted closing time (2200, or 10PM).So, thanks for the thought, Michael Gaughan; but, you just wasted our time, dawg. One star.*No three/four/five or eight years-and-out eligible; only retired veterans, as in lifers.
3	Garden Buffet is not that bad, we were staying at South Point, and we've always come by to eat whenever we are around this neck of town her because 1.) price is not that bad 2.) Dessert section and the gelato!!!
1	Not a good brunch buffet at all.  I really wanted to like it... But I just wasn't impressed with any part of my meal.  My mini walffles were very dry, the scrambled eggs were watery, the bacon rubbery... There was a very poor selection of fresh fruit and there just weren't many appealing options.  This might be the first time ever that I didn't make two trips to the buffet.  So disappointing.  My friend described their food as "hospital food".  I would not recommend their brunch buffet to anyone.
4	This review is for the Breakfast only.  Las Vegas Advisor recently concluded this was the best bargain buffet in Vegas.  I would agree. I don't drink Bloody Mary's but they're free here.  What I like is you can get bangers.  Orleans used to have them, but they down-sized their breakfast years ago.  Every day is a brunch with non-breakfast options especially in the Asian section.  Usually long lines for omelets, but there are two locations that make omelets and often the line is in front of only one of them (the obvious one).  I'm a fan for breakfast.
5	This local knows buffets and have watched them degrade during the last few years.   However, must say that this one is one of or the best locals buffets if not the best and without the strip prices. Went to the Wynn buffet recently and this one is better.   Great selections and good quality.  Attentive staff.    Nice pleasant environment. A well rounded buffet.  Keep in mind that some days you will have choices that you like better than others.   Cant figure out the negative reviews. Good job South Point!
1	You have to be kidding me.  Possibly the worst food in Vegas.  The only thing fresh was the salad and the horseradish.  Brisket=Leather tough.  Chicken= bla.  Dessert was sad.
