5	I had been going to LA Fitness for a couple years. I also coach high school sports and run some of the training, so I thought I had a good grasp on fitness. The problem was that at LA Fitness I was temped to do only the things I wanted to do... basketball, elliptical machine, and a few other things that I felt good about, but honestly I had almost no results. My friend suggested North Scottsdale Crossfit. The diversity of the exercises and how quick the workouts were really appealed to me. Kevin, the instructor, introduced me to the correct form and encourages intensity but  nothing crazy. After you get going there is a fun environment of encouragement and competition, mainly with yourself to beat your previous marks. For those who already know about Crossfit, you will find an authentic Crossfit experience, not a cardio-class that occasionally incorporates the Crossfit approach.  I highly recommend North Scottsdale Crossift.
5	I had been working out at a CrossFit Gym near my home in Orange County, CA for 3 months when I dropped in on North Scottsdale CrossFit in Scottsdale during a business trip.  What a great community of friendly individuals who are pushing themselves each day to improve their overall physical fitness.  The gym is easy to access and has plenty of space.  The class leader Kevin gave specific and tangible feedback on my form and encouragement on my intensity.  It was such a great workout! I never get that on my own.I look forward to joining them on future trips to the Phoenix Valley.
5	So you know when you drive by a bad car accident you don't want to slow down and look but you always do? Or maybe that feeling of how embarrassed you are about the fact  that you do stay up late at night watching a random Steven Segal movie on AMC when it's on? Well that's my same feeling towards Cactus I hate it but am now addicted! If you are new to Crossfit the first month is probably the biggest challenge. Every studio has its own tweak on the Crossfit foundation philosophies. Every studio has its own personality and Cactus is no different. I was turned onto Cactus after winning a 6 month Express package at a 20/30 Silent Auction event. Now to give you some background on me I had only done Crossfit  at another studio once before and was turned off by it but I thought I would give this another shot. The best  part about the studio is the community they have created and how  welcoming they are to new Crossfitters. You start hearing words that sound painful like MRAP(which depending on the workout will hurt for a few days) double unders, thrusters ( I thought I was working out not doing the mattress mambo?!) etc....But the best part is everyone in that room started with the same awkward confusing thoughts you are having during your introduction. The second best part is the owner Kevin Cherrick. He is just like every client in his gym but you can feel the passion, excitement and support through the workouts. He wont make you do anything that will physically hurt you and will guide you make sure you are using the right form and technique.Once you find that weight that works for your workout he is going to push you. I would recommend Cactus to anyone interested in Crossfit. This welcoming studio with a great location, reasonable prices and accommodating class times makes it a no brainer!
4	I had heard about CrossFit for a few months before I started going to Cactus CrossFit in October 2011.  I signed up with Kevin Cherrick, the owner, to first do some private lessons and learn the basic moves and get slowly up to speed before joining the group classes.  CrossFit is no joke, and what I really liked about it was that you could do this intense workout but also do it at your own pace.  Of course the coaches pushed you to work harder, but they would also help you work through things that may have been a bit more challenging for you.The one reason I really enjoyed it was the coaches.  They really cared about not only CrossFit but each and every one of us...they would help give pointers during the workout and push us to keep going even when we thought we wanted to stop!  :-)Kevin, especially, was the one person who kept me motivated...even when I tried to quit...a few times!  He was just persistent in connecting with me but NOT pushy...he would send emails asking how I was and when I was going to come back...they missed me...it was nice to know that he wasn't going to give up on me.  I was spending all the $ to workout, and I appreciate that he wanted me to get the most out of it!It's also a total body workout, so you go in and get to work on all parts of your body...there is something new each day!  I always enjoyed the variety...in all of the months I was there, I never remember having the same workout.I highly recommend that you check it out, even just once...you'll become addicted!Thanks Kevin...now that I'm moving back to CA, I will try to find another CrossFit that can hold a candle to yours!
5	I have been participating in CrossFit for two and half years competing, training, etc. While on a trip in the Phoenix area I was looking for a CrossFit to train at. I tried a few in the area and Cactus CrossFit was by far my favorite. The trainers were friendly and knowledgable and the programming was smart. Though these are great attributes to any CrossFit the best part was the warm welcome I received. The minute I walked in one of the coaches greeted me and the members took it upon themselves to make me feel welcome and learn my name. Even in the middle of one of our runs one of them yelled "great job Michele" as we were passing each other. The people are what make a CrossFit what it is and the people here are fun, warm, and entertaining. I felt like I was back at my home box. They took the workout seriously but they knew how to have fun with it too.
5	I travel often for work and I am usually away from home, California, for one to two weeks at a time. I have been crossfitting for about 8 months and I have seen several crossfit box's around the country. I am biased to my box in Redondo Beach as I have always felt we have the most friendly members and best coaches around. Cactus Crossfit was probably at the top of my list compared to any other box I have visited in terms of friendliness and being so welcoming to someone new. I always email or call to let the gym know I will be visiting for a week or two and would like to drop in while I am in town. I had a very quick response to let me know I was welcome. The coaches, I was able to go to 3 different classes all with different coaches, were very knowledgable and did a wonderful job coaching the classes.I had a great experience at Cactus Crossfit and would definitely visit again in the future!!LaurenCrossfit 310
5	I've been going here for about 10 months now and I still love it every day. I travel a ton & have done CrossFit in boxes all over the country and this is still my favorite. Great owner, great coaches, love the way the workouts are organized compared to other gyms & the atmosphere is amazing!
5	I've been going to Cactus CrossFit for about a year now and I love it! The owner/coach, Kevin, is amazing. He's got a great personality, very nice to everybody, and has created a great atmosphere here. I didn't know how good this CrossFit gym was until I traveled around the country to many more. I've been to CrossFit gyms in Austin, Salt Lake City, Washington DC, Seattle and Pennsylvania....and this one is by far the best.I've been getting great results, and whether you're an experienced crossfitter looking to switch gyms, traveling and want to drop in, or brand new to CrossFit then this is THE place for you.
4	Came as a drop in -  Nice box good coaching - If you live in the area you check them out everyone makes you feel part of the box, from a beginner to some exp.
5	If you are looking for an athletic activity that will change your life, Cactus Crossfit is a great start to begin/continue your journey to a healthier, fitter, and overall more positive you.  A good friend of mine tried to convince me to start crossfit for about a year until I finally got up the nerve to finally snoop around Scottsdale for a place where I would fit in.  Low and behold there was a perfect fit right in my neighborhood!Kevin, the owner, has a great vision for what crossfit should be like: a self motivating experience that challenges your mind, body, and soul.  If you are not 100% committed to changing the way you look and feel, Cactus Crossfit is not for you.  Regardless of cost, you have to make the decision to start and stick with this modern day workout regime that will truly transform you. I've always been an athlete of some sort but was not satisfied with what was being represented when I put that swim suit on.  Where are my abs, I'm doing so many crunches!?  They were just hiding behind useless exercises that were of course making me sweat, but unfortunately not making me stronger or leaner.  Enter crossfit. The workouts are hard, competitive, but incredibly rewarding.  The more you push yourself, the more you get out of going.  Again, it's all about you!  Don't worry though, the coaches and athletes that workout at Cactus Crossfit are very supportive and are always willing to help you improve your times and increase your lifts to unbelievable weights!  I never thought I could just throw 135 pounds over my head and squat.  Insane!  The "community" feel to at this box is also fantastic!  The new box on Indian School is ridiculously roomy and feels good to work out in a space where you can practice your skills after or before each WOD. At the beginning of the year, Cactus did a 60-Day Paleo Challenge.  If you haven't heard of Paleolithic eating habits, look it up!  It's weird at first but once you start, it's almost impossible to stop.  I quickly realized how important diet was in developing a body that was bomb.com.  Although I didn't technically do the challenge with the gym (I traveled a lot for work in January and February so I took it up on my own), I lost 25 pounds (pretty sure it was pure fat), developed muscles I did not know existed, and have never felt or looked as good as I do today.  A healthy combination of paleo meals and crossfit 3-4 days a week has completely changed my life and I see no turning back now. I HIGHLY recommend Cactus Crossfit to anyone looking to make an incredibly positive change in their life and wish anyone else luck at the pool this summer.
5	Great place, joined recently to get back into shape and it is an intense experience. However so it still brings me back everyday. The proprietor has done a great job with his staff at making it a place where you can workout in a comfortable environment where everyone has a great vibe and is always welcoming. There are no negatives about this place, once you try it out you will understand why it's such a successful place!Thank you guys you're the best!
5	Summarized review for those on a time crunch:*Great staff running the gym, attentive to all questions.*Experienced coaches with emphasis on form correction.*Location is huge with updated equipment; They purchase new stuff as they grow.*I was fat; I'm less fat now and lift heavy things.*Changing from a regular gym (LA Fitness/Golds) to CrossFit was a game changer; Provided me with the accountability I needed to push myself and hit goals and coaches that helped me get there (without injuring myself!)Full review for those wanting more information:I joined last May because I needed to change my workout routine. What I was doing simply wasn't working anymore and the accountability to put in the hard work wasn't there while going to a regular gym (i.e. LA Fitness, Gold's, 24 Hour Fitness). I didn't know anyone from Cactus CrossFit so I was jumping into a world I had no knowledge about.My Experience: I'm a 28 year old male, 6'2", 215 lbs. Since I joined I have improved almost every measurable attribute of myself over the past 10 months. I lost 17 pound and hit under 200 pounds for the first time since college while increasing my strength regarding my lifts. I had horrible cardio endurance when I began, gasping during every grueling workout, while I'm still getting my butt kicked every workout I feel my endurance during my cardio workouts has greatly increased. I'll never be one to knock the traditional gym atmosphere but Cactus CrossFit is my new home away from home. I've found a new outlook on fitness and health, while surrounding myself with some amazing people that have made gasping on the floor in accomplished agony a fun experience.Staff: I don't have a negative experience with any of the staff. They are always there to answer my question and provide me with the resources I need. As for the coaches one of the main complains you hear about CrossFit in general is the quality of the coaches and I am extremely grateful the coaches at Cactus CrossFit. They are there to correct my form and do everything they can to provide me with the patience and instruction for me to learn proper form and weight scaling for lifts so that I can avoid injury while increasing my strength. They watch you diligently during the workouts so they can prevent bad technique. I've been stopped many times when I was using weights that hurt my form and have been pulled aside to work on how to fix technique or my mobility on multiple instances. Cactus CrossFit staff is top notch. They are the primary reason I've stayed.Location/Equipment: Everything is top notch and if they ever have equipment that isn't functioning property or has seen excessive wear they typically have a replacement when needed. They have been growing over time and their new location is huge to accommodate their success.Price: Comparable to other CrossFit gyms and what you get (i.e. location, equipment, misc perks). For those that have paid for personal trainers gyms I'm not sure how the price could be too much. Even though the classes are as groups I get 1 on 1 help anytime I've had a question.This was probably too long of a review for anyone to read, but if you did, CONGRATS! You can now hit the RX button in Wodify (which they use and I have no clue how any box could function without it)!
5	Best CrossFit in Scottsdale!  I'm going on my 3rd year at Cactus and I'm probably a little biased, however based on he many CF I've visited, this one definitely tops them all.  The coaching is great if you are looking to do things right.  The community is welcoming and very encouraging to all levels of athletes and drops ins.  Right in Old Town Scottsdale so you can't beat the location and if you are from out of town it is very easy to find.  Thanks Coach Kevin and all the staff for everything you have done for me and all of your Athletes  Cactus!!!
5	Dropped in on a morning class back in April and had a great experience. The WOD was very challenging, the coaching was top notch and the atmosphere was great. I felt at home and was greeted by everyone in the class! I will definitely be back on my next visit to Scottsdale!
