2	The first time I went to "the other BBT" (as opposed to the much more established Bloomfield Bridge Tavern) I liked it. They have a nice looking bar/restaurant. I ate a burger, which was pretty good. And, the bartender and owner did come over to us and chat it up a bit. The owner tooted his own horn about his wings (which I did not order). I love wings so i made a mental note to try it next time. All in all, a pleasant experience. In my mind, I decided that this could be a good after work/local bar, especially given the South Side location, even if it is a couple blocks from the real action.I went back again this week, and I was sorely disappointed in my second experience. The bar is still nice - clean with a nice aura, not a dive. But, a few things went wrong: first, when we finally got to order, the bartender denied my request for wings because they were out. Okay, if you have signs that say "Best Wings in Pittsburgh," you don't run out of wings! Second, they didn't adhere to the new no smoking law. It was like 8pm, not 1am; and there were a few tables of customers. If I had known, I would not have gone there because I just didn't plan on stinking when I left that night. So here it is, a 2-star rating. The food is not bad (still haven't tried the wings), but it's nowhere near great. If you have to go, order a burger or the veggie wrap - those are good. I really want to like this bar, but they're not giving me any good reason to like it that much. Everything is just okay, even though the bar itself is nicely kept. [The other] BBT, you'll have to give me a better reason to keep you around!
4	This is one of the few bars that I'll order takeout from. The buffalo chicken wrap is sooo good, and it comes with fries so it basically makes 2 meals for me. I've only gotten drinks here a few times but always had good experiences.
3	I have been here twice, and have gotten the same thing each time (the cheesesteak wrap). i plan on ordering other things from the menu, but a cheesesteak wrap was what i was craving both times! both times, it's been really good. and their fries are delicious, too!one thing that wasn't so great: the second time i went, it happened to be wing night. my roommate and i didn't order wings, and it took almost an hour to get our food. it was a rediculous wait! the waitress appologized a few times, but told us that wing night gets really busy with a small kitchen. next time, i won't go on wing night.
5	Another great bar with the upstaris/downstairs thing going on. Upstairs we rocked out to a great deejay for a post-wedding bash.Apparently Pittsburgh is all about the bottled beer - I have never seen so many bottles in fridges at bars before this. One warning - it was impossible to get cabs home from here, even on Saturday night, even with multiple people calling. Some of the boys went over to Carson and caught cabs, then brought them over to us. That was the only reason why we managed to get home!
5	The greatest beer selection in South Side.  The best american style food as well.  Try the "wing burger", I go with the Craq burger, and believe me it is like crack.  I find myself lusting after it at strange times.  I would do anything to get one.  I want one right now.  If you're not a red meat eater... their chicken wings are superb and they offer tons of different sauces and rubs.  You also have the option of getting a crispy or grilled chicken wrap with the wing sauce of your choice on it, for those who don't like the wing eating experience.Definately worth checking out.  There are 3 floors here.  It's tucked away in the far end from Carson on a back street making parking a bit easier and definately a breath taking establishment and a great place to watch the sports games at! Let's go Pens!Occasionally the owners will bring their GORGEOUS dogs in, that's always a wonderful treat!You can still smoke in the bar area which is a nice thing, if you smoke.
5	OMG this place is lip smackin good!  This is by far my favorite place to get wings.  I enjoy the Jerk and have had a few of the others that are really tasty!  I would recommend going on a Wednesday b/c it's wing night and it gets comfortably crowded.  The beer is great too - they had this great pumpkin beer the last time I went.  I try to ask the server or bartender for recommendations and they are usually right on.  Check out the BBT and eat some wings!
4	Walking in here, you expect the music to come to a stop and everyone turns around and stares at you.  You know, one of those dive bars that everybody knows your name, because you're a regular.  But for me, a stranger coming in, I thought it would be awkward.  I'm happy to report, it wasn't at all!It almost seems like paradise!  A cozy little corner bar that has cheap food and a comfortable atmosphere.  We stopped in on a whim and it was a good decision.  It was 50 cent boneless wings and then at 8pm the beers went half off (Thursday night, just so you know:).  The news just kept getting better!  The selection of beers on tap is awesome.  What's even better is that the bartender was super nice and kept getting us samples of beers she thought we'd like.  I'm a total wimp when it comes to ordering spicy food, so I opted for the non spicy side of the menu (it's cool they have the menu listing from mild to hot wings).  I chose the garlic parm and Golden BBQ (honey BBQ).  They were good, a bit small, but not surprising for boneless wings.  I really liked the BBQ sauce, it was sweet and tangy and mixed well with the ranch to dip.The absolute only  thing I didn't like was that they allow smoking in here still.  I had just washed my hair that night too, ugh!  That smoke just sticks to you....yuck!I have a feeling this could become my new "spot."  Who knows, maybe I'll even become a regular...and not look disdainfully at the stranger walking through the door, because I'll know it's worth it!
4	Awesome bar food.  Great staff.  Good beer selection.
5	Why oh why have I waited so long to come here?!?! Though it's in the South Side this place is far enough out of the way that it escapes the normal douchery associated with East Carson Street. The inside is small with about 10-15 bar stools, 3 high tops and 2 regular tables. BBT has a great warm feeling with its tin ceilings, brick walls, low lights, and life long South Siders quietly getting drunk. They have a rotating tap list of about 20 craft beers, and usually have some sort of special starting around 8 pm, my favorite being Saturday's $2 Yuenglings till 8, then $3 Sierra Nevada's 8-11. You can affordabley get wasted all day! Everything I've eaten here has been awesome, burgers, fries, nachos, and wings. The wings are actually my favorite in the whole city, especially when they are sauced with their Golden Boy sauce (mixture of golden mustard and hot buffalo). They have $.50 wings on Monday's and Wednesdays from 7-10. My only gripe is that their food specials always start at 7, I work on the South Side so it would be nice to stop over right after work. Maybe I'll just have to start putting in longer hours. I bet that will make the cold beer and hot wings taste even better.
5	Terrific place to get a beer and wings. The bartenders are nice and call you by name after a couple times (which I love)  and the wings are to die for. They take forever because the kitchen is tiny but it is worth it. Get the Cajun spice or the Bourbon BBQ sauce wings and thank me later. Cajun fries and Hot Pretzels are also great here. Super easy to park around this bar as well.
5	The wings are delicious and the service is great! Everything I've ever eaten here is great from the burgers to the sandwiches. If you love wings, you'll love these along with the great beer selection. Of course, the staff is fantastic and always ready to help.
5	Great burger and fries! Yummy wings! Great service!  Much quieter location than the joints on Carson Street.
4	Pretty decent spot. Good service, and good food. No complaints.
5	Birmingham bridge beer battered bourbon barbecue bacon & cheddar chicken sandwich with a fried egg on top!most amazing sandwich ever !
4	i have the servics here i owner of bedrock bbq bbq ok 3 1/2 but the services was good
5	This is one of my favorite bars in Pittsburgh.  Fantastic food, great beer selection, nice friendly customers, and the bartender lady is pretty.
2	So I read the reviews and expected this place to be great. Needless to say did not reach my expectations at all. First off its a smoking environment and I went for dinner it just doesn't sit well with me. The service was slow and not too friendly. We ordered cheese sticks (cold, nothing special), beer battered pickles (way too greasy and pickles were to soggy) and the beer battered BBQ chicken sandwich (the beer batter was so over cooked it was almost black and I couldn't even eat it) we tried cutting up it and removing the batter but it was so much work for a sandwich we heard so many good things about. The garlic Parmesan fries was not in the slightest garlicy. All said and done my boyfriend didn't even touch his sandwich. It was a flop for us. The beer was good though.
5	Bbt has become my all time favorite bar in Pittsburgh. It's awesome. It is located off Carson, which is awesome considering it's not in all of the hussle and bussle of south side. All of the bartenders are so friendly and they always have the best beers on tap. They have bottles as well. Their menu is amazing, they have traditional bar food and super unique items like a shrimp wrap. My favorite menu items are their fried pickles and their veggie wrap. I always add Thai hot sauce on my wrap and they have amazing ranch dressing (which probably sounds like a lame thing to review but my boyfriend and I are pretty particular about our ranch). Any of their wraps are great. The only thing I don't adore about this place is their French fries- they are bland in my opinion. Literally everything else that I have tried there I enjoy. Their French onion soup, salads, wings- delicious. Monday and Wednesday is their wing night. Favorite bar hands down.
5	First things first, I love wings.I love to make them at home, I love to order them out.  When they are great it makes my day.  When they are bad, I'm am sorely disappointed.Their wings, as far as the chicken goes, is average to above average.  Good size, cooked pretty well.The sauces however, are out of this world.Here's what to do:Go here on a Monday or Wednesday night around 6:45.  The wing special starts at 7.  Look over the menu at the wing sauces.  They serve them in groups of five for $0.50 each.  Each group of five can be a different sauce.  Try a few, and start with the ones
5	BBT is our regular after work spot. The bartenders are great, the food is good, and the atmosphere is perfect. If you're looking for a wild dance club, go to Carson Street. If your want a comfortable place to relax and drink a few beers go to BBT!
5	The BBT is by far the best bar in the Southside!  A bit off the beaten path, but the selection of food, craft beers, and great wait staff make me want to stay and hang out for hours!!  Definitely the neighborhood bar to be at! Love this place!
5	As a business traveler that hates to eat at chains, this place reminds me of neighborhood bars near my home.  It allows limited smoking at the bar, but they ventilate really well, so no big deal.  Awesome wings, and I'm from Buffalo.  Always a stop when I'm In Pitt.  Go there, period!
5	This is our go-to SouthSide bar. Wings are great, burgers are excellent. Service is incredible - Jim, Erin, Kelly, Josh... All amazing people! The 2nd floor has held a bunch of our football drafts and we've rented for parties too. We love the BBT!
5	This is our go-to SouthSide bar. Wings are great, burgers are excellent. Service is incredible - Jim, Erin, Kelly, Josh... All amazing people! The 2nd floor has held a bunch of our football drafts and we've rented for parties too. We love the BBT! Always a great time!
1	I can't believe other reviewers went to the same place. I went for burger night, singles $2.50, doubles $4.25. Cheese and fries are extra. First, the burger was cooked cracker-crisp. I've never had a burger make me thirsty before. Secondly, they allow smoking, so the stench affects your sense of taste, too. Thirdly, instead of music on the speakers and sports on the tv, they were playing some super - annoying reality TV show, where the only thing you could really hear was that every other word was bleeped out. The bar stools were the most uncomfortable I've ever sat in, but they looked better than the chairs on the floor, which could not have been cheaper. The chairs are an exception, though. The rest of the place looks good, when you can see through the smoke. Exposed pipes, brick walls, and tin ceilings, it really is attractive. The bar, itself, is very nice, highly lacquered wood on a top that feels good under your elbows, and they keep it clean, which is nice. Also on the positive side, the waitress was good, effective, though not overly friendly. There is a pretty nice, varied selection of beers on tap, and the waitress had a printed beer menu that described each selection in detail. Maybe it deserves better than one star.  The smoke is a personal preference, but I didn't know you could smoke in any restaurant anymore. I just can't get past how terrible the burger was, though.
3	I have driven by this place hundreds of times and never stopped, until this week. It's your typical neighborhood bar, but with the nice addition of a varied menu with good choices. I think there is something for everyone.  I can't complain. Not the best I gave had, but not horrible. I would definitely go back.
5	This is my local bar.Staff is fantastic.Beer list is awesome.Food is way above average for a bar.They love the Pens, as they should.5 stars.
