5	Great hotel. Rates of 75-90 per night. With clean rooms and comfortable beds. Very friendly staff. Flatscreen tv, in room coffee. Overall a good experience.
5	Surprisingly nice! Checked in late, staff was welcoming and very friendly. Room clean and comfortable. Very tall ceilings. Beds comfortable and rooms seem well insulated and very quiet.Breakfast was a traditional continental breakfast with waffles, sausage, eggs, yogurt and cereals etc... Lady running breakfast was very nice and accommodating, she brightened the day!All around  very nice accommodations. I would stay here again.
3	Birds at the front desk fucked with our Choice discount, that's money b don't fuck with my dollars. Said something about potential fraud and downgraded our discount that we rented the rooms at. That's not how you keep the rooms nice, babe. Come to think of it, they also locked the yogurt fridge up at 9 AM sharp like there was a need to keep supply stashed. It's yogurt, let the old folks take their time making their plates. This older guy had to literally ask for a few more minutes to get his shit together and it's all like, "It's closed sir." I don't know how you guys treat your elders in Arizona, but if I were that dude I would have just taken a dump on spec and said "It's back open." Yogurt is like 20 cents a cup, chill out. I gotta say this place was spotless, though, so they have that going for them. I would have been down to sleep in the hallway, you would have needed to ask me. I would have just set up shop right then and there, lit a Cinnamon Apple candle, left a note in me that said "say something" on me. Easy to get tons of people in and out through the side door so we could have some demon conjuring sessions upstairs. Caught up on some Conan and Daily Show, too, that was nice. Overall, I wouldn't not go back. I would just make sure to get out of there with more single size lotions because I'm starting to get lines in my forehead.
3	I feel almost bad having to give Comfort Inn in downtown Mesa a less than stellar review, but I have to say there were several things I just didn't care for at this hotel.  Now, maybe it is all just personal preference, but in my opinion this is a 3 star hotel at best.  The good: * Free breakfast and wi-fi (I actually didn't try the breakfast and the wi-fi was OK)* In room micro, fridge and coffee* Clean and well kept property* Pool & Hot Tub (it is literally in the parking lot, but it is there and clean!)* Small flat screen TV, with lots of channels including HBO.  No movies (Pay Per View) The not so great: * Location.  Yes, this is near Cubs Park and within 20m of several other Spring Training parks, but it is also in a very urban area.  It is surrounded by pawn shops, not the nicest motels and those check cashing/auto title loan shops.  I have never been to this part of the state, so I didn't know that and nobody mentioned it in the reviews, so I was a little less than thrilled driving in.  I had no problems, but I also didn't feel comfortable walking at night. * Construction. They are putting light rail down the middle of Main St. in Mesa.  This hotel is on Main. So guess what, there is MAJOR construction going on in front of the hotel and for blocks on either side! You can't turn left out of the hotel at all (and my guess is won't be able to once light rail is in either).  Plus, when we were there they blocked us from turning left onto Main from Mesa (which happened to be where we were coming from a lot of time).  It was  a major inconvenience. * Check out process.  I wanted a copy of my bill at the end, but since I used miles to book they don't give you one.  So I stood for 10m at the front desk to be told, they wouldn't give me one.  It is more for just records, but seemed silly they couldn't give me a paid in full with dates of stay.  Whatever, I guess!  * Wall are pretty thin, we could hear our neighbors pretty clearly. So would I stay here again?  No.  It isn't my kind of neighborhood or place.  Still, it is mostly my personal preference so if you don't care about the location and construction, the rest of the stay was a-ok!
3	Let me start by saying that the room itself was okay. Good pressure in the shower and free hbo. Free wifi and a hot tub in the parking lot (seriously).Then let's get to the bad:* Tons of construction outside the hotel. Like literally every piece of Main Street is covered in cones and pylons and great huge signs directing traffic. There were no left turns out of the hotel and after the first couple days you couldn't even turn onto the street from a couple directions.* The neighborhood was a little sketchy. We didn't have any problems, but it wasn't a great area.* The pillows were no larger than breathmints. Like seriously, smaller than my head. And they felt if they put 5 of them on the bed that would make up for it.* I could hear everything going on in every room around me.
5	I stayed at the Mesa  for a short break and I had one of the best hotel experiences ever. The place, the property and the staff were second to none. I would recommend it to anyone staying in AZ  for business or pleasure.
