4	I just got my BUTT kicked here.  You know, in a good way.This studio opened in May 2011, so it's kind of a youngin' but the teachers there have been on the job for a while.  I heard of the place via a recent living social deal.  They do yoga, pilates, contemporary dance, and some private stuff if that's what you're into.Pulling in the area looks kind of industrial and warehousey.  I think there was a sign in front of the fitness complex that said "Hawthorne Mills".  It's next door to a place called the Fitness Factory.  Anyway, do not be deterred by the scruffy exterior.  Move Studio is a clean, bright little studio on the inside and that's what counts.I was the only one there for class (like I said, it's a pretty new place) so I got a personalized pre-natal oriented intermediate yoga work out. I said stretch me out and sweat me a little, and that's what my instructor Katie did.  She pushed me, but pulled back whenever things got close to too intense.  Now I feel like a Gumby doll in the best way possible.  I will certainly be back next week for more gentle punishment, though I'm sure if you showed up and asked for a relaxing routine she'd be able to do that too.The place is SUPER family friendly, as in the instructors bring their own kids in and usually alternate watching them.  So if you've got rug rats, bring them in for I think five additional bucks while you stretch and sweat.  Speaking of five bucks, if you come in for their "grand opening" week (see website) classes are a mere five dollars a pop (down from 15 a la carte, 10 with a pass).  Private or duet lessons cost a bit more.
5	You know you're not supposed to judge a book by it's cover, and I would use that same rationale with Move Studio Charlotte.  Cassandra G. has it right - the "scruffy" exterior is slightly off-putting, but inside, the studio is modern, bright, and relaxing.  I have taken a Cardio Funk class, which provided a good sweat, although I felt like a rhythmically challenged cheerleader throughout (probably my own problem, not the class).  But I have head-over-heels fallen for the Pilates Mat class.  Taught by the owner, Pilates Mat is a great, deep stretch and a full body workout.  At the start of class, April asks if there are any particular areas someone wants to focus on, so you get a tailored experience for your individual needs.  And as someone who typically eschews yoga classes as boring, I definitely feel a burn and leave feeling limber and live I've worked my body.  I have been super impressed with the level and quality of service I've received.  When I wasn't able to use the full amount of classes from my Groupon before they expired, April extended it for a month.  And although I haven't used it personally, I understand there is childcare available for some of the classes, which is unusual for a small, non-YMCA size studio.  Move Studio Charlotte seems to consistently offer good specials, which is nice for those of us who can feel the penny pinch.  In addition to last year's Groupon deal, there's also new customer special (with 7 classes for $49) and a current January special (3 months unlimited classes for $50/month); December's deal was one free class for every class you took.  And Saturday mornings they offer a $5 yoga class!  Single drop-in classes are $15 each, and there's a 5/10/20 class or unlimited month pass.
5	I am deleting my 2012 post and starting anew :) There has been a shift in classes since I used to come here but it is helping grow the business, plus my Pilates are still available at least 3x a week so I am happy (although I REEEEEEAAAALLLLY miss good ol Vinyasa yoga--they have Buti yoga for those who like a more high energy/mindfulness practice)April is an amazing teacher and business owner who truly goes above and beyond to teach her students.  Jenny is a more "classic Pilates" instructor which rocks, especially if you're a form junkie. She keeps you in Pilates stance for virtually everything.  LOVE IT! The variety in teaching styles makes me happy.  I never "get used" to the workout because it's always changing.  If you're looking to try Pilates, but are "afraid" because of your inexperience, body image issues, WHATEVER, stop making excuses and come try it! You may like it, and if you have issues, they'll help you modify it for YOUR ability. **GREAT PRICES TOO!*
5	I've learning dancing in different places and my most favorite instructors are still Rodrigo and Wendy.  Whether you've already known or never danced before, I still recommend you to visit their classes.  Free every Wednesday to check it out,
5	I love love this place. They are affordable and really work with you in the classes. I just had my second baby, so I'm not in shape, at all. However, the owner and teacher of the Pilate's/Yoga class is willing to tailor some of the positions for me, post delivery. Super accommodating.
5	Whether you've learnt or never learnt dancing but love to dance for the move, I've no reservation to recommend that you need to check this out with Wendy & Rodrigo. Monday night : Salsa class, Tuesday night : Tango, Wednesday night : Bachata & Social.Both of the instructors & their assistants are so professional like they are teaching in college as well as step by step with lots of patience.  Having no dancing experience, I didn't feel embarrassed but I've learnt so much from them.The class is so affordable that I can go every night.Just love their teaching style.  We can feel they teach with their hearts.  In order to make sure we will learn the most, they even encourage us to video the steps that we can go home to watch again & again.  That's not all teachers can do!Love them.
5	I love this studio! I love the variety of classes, the small class sizes and great instructors. I attend classes 3-4 nights a week, Buti Yoga is an amazing challenging fitness class... I moved here recently and have found a great place to workout just blocks from my home.
5	I can only review for Buti Yoga by Lauren. She is amazing. I love her music, the fact that she changes up each of her classes and she always has a smile on her face. I was introduced to this class through friends and I am so glad I joined. Sometimes I have to do a moderated version due to slight knee issues, but its no big deal. I get the same benefit.If you want to try a fun dance move class that gives you a crazy sweat, try Buti Yoga.
