4	My husband seriously loves this place (I'm more of Chipotle fan). The food is good and prepared fairly quickly. The burritos are good and the salads are good (both dressings are amazing). My 2-year old gets a free quesadilla when we eat here which is cool. I did take off a star because, IMO, the price is way too high. We can't seem to come here without spending $30+. (The salad is more expensive than the burrito or the tacos or pretty much anything else on the menu...which is crazy. Really? It's lettuce. Costco sells it in bulk for less than $2.)That's the only thing that keeps my husband from eating here weekly. Otherwise, pretty good for fast food.
1	Not a fan.  Just took the family here to try it out.  Ordered the steak burrito and fish tacos.  The burrito was overwhelmed with the flavor from the sauce.  The fish had bones in it.  The rice was crunchy from being undercooked.  Was not very happy with this meal.  Total price, with one soda, was ~$24.  We will not eat here again.  Chipotle is better.
2	Their food, deserves 5 stars, always. Have never been disappointed in their food quality. What is always a consistent disappointment is placing to go orders via the telephone. I've about had it with this location for that reason. If you offer a convenience of placing to go phone orders then for goodness sake GET IT TOGETHER! This location has consistently forgotten to put the dressing and sides of salsa fresca requested for my salad in my to go bag. So for those of you braving a phone order, it is essential to go behind them like a toddler and check to make sure you've gotten what you've asked for. That leads me to my next gripe. In addition to forgetting extra items asked for this location has consistently gotten my order completely wrong; giving and charging items I never even asked for; not preparing items I asked for the way I asked for them; down to not even getting my name and phone number correct when asked for it.Last nights event...I call in to go order for Michael B and also give telephone number. I ask for the following: (1) grilled chicken salad, no tortilla, and only shredded white cheese and black beans for toppings (in addition to the chicken). I also ask for the items to be placed on TOP of my lettuce instead of the bottom like they usually do. The girl starts asking do I want this and that, bla bla bla, I say no, I only want the lettuce, chicken, black beans, and shredded white cheese. I also ask for no dressing and 2 sides of salsa fresca. She says okay no problem. For item # (2) I ask for two grilled chicken tacos with only pico and black beans inside. I specifically mention that I don't want lettuce or anything else inside of it. Just two lonely tacos. She says okay fine. She repeats the order back correctly. Boyfriend goes to pick up the food and this is what he comes home with...(1) grilled chicken salad that had tortilla strips, cilantro, cojita cheese, white shredded cheese on top. On the bottom was more shredded white cheese, black beans, and RICE. The bf said they did forget to put the 2 sides of fresca which he had to ask for before he left (guess he has learned this from previous times). (2) two chicken tacos with PINTO beans, pico, and cheese inside. (3) on a separate plate we got another set of chicken tacos prepared the same way but with a side of rice and pinto beans as well. So he comes home with this crap and I take a look at the receipt. The name is listed as "Mitcheal Q." and the phone number I gave is off by 1 digit. The rest of it describes the wrong order they gave me. I call and ask to speak with the manager on duty, gal responds asking me what the problem. I say there's a problem with my pick up rose being wrong. She says what's wrong with it, I said I need to speak with a manager on duty. She continues to try and ask about the order and if the manager can call me back. Again I tell her to please get the manager on the phone, no they cannot call me back, if I were a customer in the restaurant they would have to address my concerns them and there so why should I be treated any different because I am on the phone. So she places me on a "hold" which sounded like she just stuck the phone in her pocket and walked around a bit. Then she comes back on the line stating I'm sorry the manager can't come to the phone because they're "on the line working". She again asks about the meal and what was wrong. So I give her a nice ear full and she asks would I like a free meal. Would I like A free meal as in one? NO! I would like 3 free meals because I was charged for one I didn't ask for and my two I did ask for was given severely incorrect. She quickly obliges to my request and asks for the name the order was under so she can make a note in the computer about it. Only after I hang up I realize that they messed up the name on our order so there's no way she will be able to note the account correctly.  I will probably continue to go to this location but only as a walk in customer so I can supervise them making my food as directed through the nifty "subway" like set up. I'm convinced it's not a guest experience thing being able to watch them make your food in front of you. It's so they don't muck it up. Because on the phone they've never let me down. Mucked. Up. Every. Time.
1	Tried to give this Cafe Rio a chance, but its a fail. Consistently no ice for drinks, today there is no avocado and I get charged full price, and the bathroom area by the drink station frequently smells like a sewer. The staff usually displays an indifferent attitude as well. Maybe a management change is in order? I will never come to this location again. Im usually the one not to complain.....but there are improvements that need to be made...like yesterday.
1	Frequented this location since it opened...initially it had lots of promise but it continues to slide down that slippery slope of carelessness, indifference, and apathy that many restaurants get when staffed with minimum wage teenagers who don't care one bit about the job they're doing...fast food restaurants should learn from places like In-N-Out and Chipotle when it comes to the people they hire...but alas, you get what you pay for and the Cafe Rio franchise is getting back what they invest in their personnel...nothing!
3	Not sure what all the hype is with this place, but personally I think it's alright, but everyone else I know and work with LOVE this place and because of that, I'm dragged over here every few months. Cafe Rio is kind of like an overpriced Chipotle, where you can order burritos, tostadas, etc and they'll make the food right in front of you. The meats seem kind of dry to me and the burritos are pretty plain..only meat, sauce and cheese...really? There is also no option on the menu to order just a bowl so I have to get the burrito. Did I mention it was dry? They do offer a stamp card so your meal is free after I believe 10 stamps. I never bring it in since I come here a handful of times a year. For the price at over 10 bucks for a burrito and small drink, I don't think it's that great of a place...I'll stick with my Chipotle any day
1	Worst cafe rio I've ever been to. Consistently out of something. There hasn't been a single time I've gone there that they've had everything I've asked for. The food quality is good with the missing ingredients aside. The customer service is also atrocious. The first time I got attitude I wrote it off as the girl having a bad day, but it's consistently that way.If there was another one close to my house I would never go to this cafe rio.
2	I don't even know why i would give this place more than one star, because it's got to be the worst cafe Rio in town...almost always they get something in my order wrong...the last time I was here I got the quesadilla...while it tasted fine, it was poorly 'constructed' I mean there was barely any cheese in there and the steak was all clumped up in the same area...and the worker doing the griddle for the quesadilla just seemed like she didn't wanna be there the way she was making the food, she was even mean to her own co-workers, with a 'don't talk to me' attitude towards them...better find another cafe Rio if you're around this area
1	I am giving this one star because I can't give a lower rating.   I was there for over am hour trying to order a pork burrito. After 35 minutes in line,  when I got up to where I could order,  they were out of pork so I elected to wait the extra 20 minutes they said it would be.  I sat at a table and took a 20 minute nap. Then,  as instructed,  I went to the cashier (who was NOT at all helpful) to give her my order.  She continued to check people out and after almost 15 minutes,  took my order.  I waited another 20 minutes before other employees noticed and asked what was going on.   Three different people ended checking on my order before I got it.  They did give it to me free but that definitely didn't make up for it.  I spoke to another woman who was also waiting and discovered she had ordered ON-LINE (it is supposed to be VERY fast if you do that.   She waited just over 45 minutes for her order.   I will NEVER go there again,  nor well I patronize any of their affiliates.  I hope anyone who reads this also doesn't go there.   They obviously don't care about their patrons. Update:  When I got home and opened the box,  it was missing lettuce,  pico , napkins, and tableware.  Really ?????
1	Okay, they even get orders wrong as a walk in. I specifically asked for grilled chicken enchi's and she puts shredded chicken in them! Really? Next to that, customer service...horrible. Everyone in there looks so down and out, just slumming away; no smiles, speak to you very emotionless. One girl even says to a man that walks up to the counter "ya what do you need?". Where is management at this place? I thought about asking to speak with a manager but seeing as how the employees are mummily (ya I made that word up) serving guests, I couldn't help but think that they are a reflection of how their management is allowing them to act, so it probably wouldn't be worth it. Such a shame the staffs personality and service doesn't match their delicious food.
1	The worst Cafe Rio I have been to.  This past Sunday, out of fajita chicken and beef at 5:00 P.M.  The staff did not appear to be very engaged.  Almost like they were picked from a reality show and made to work at a random location.  Close to my house, but underwhelming.
1	Been a cafe rio fan for over 10 years growing up in Utah , can say that this cafe rio is the worst , still standing online with only 6 people ahead of me , going on 20 minutes now , ridiculous , also just heard them say 15 minute wait for steak ! Sad to say this cafe rio will never get my business again .
2	The food is great but service is terrible at this location. I accidentally asked for the house dressing instead of the vinaigrette and you would have thought I asked them for the world on a platter. The restaurant was an absolute mess, napkins and food all over the floor, sticky tables and even though I informed someone that the soda fountain was out of syrup, it wasn't attended to the entire time we were there. It's a shame to have such a poor representation of this great chain.
1	Worst cafe rio I have ever been too. Completely Out of all their juices and their brewed tea's didn't have lids exposing the deliciousness of that which is tea to all the environmental factors. Beans were slimy. Not a very pleasant working staff either.  The cheery on top is the airconditoning unit was broken.
2	I love cafe rio and the food is really good but this location is horrible. They always run out of salmon I went for a whole month once a week on my day off and I only got to eat my salmon salad once because they always run out. To make matters worse they don't even bother putting out a sign and I waited in a long line for them to tell me they had no more salmon it was 1 in the afternoon. Its insane to me how they can run out. Today I absolutely had to yelp them because I stood in a long line and finally gave up and left. I left because I got close enough to realize why the line was so slow and long because they ran out of tortillas. What kind of mexican restaurant runs out of tortillas. Once again nothing was said to anyone in line. The line came to a complete stop while they tried to make the dough. Then they would throw the dough away and start again lokking and looking at the recipe. I just don't understand its friday night you should expect to be busy. I will say this it was the last time ill ever go to this location I will go an extra 10-15 minutes away to the centennial location from now on. I'm done with this location.
1	The service is horrible.  We support local business and we tried to give this establishment the benefit of the doubt. They could never get our orders right.  When we tried ordering online, our food was never ready at the promised time.  Last night, we ordered the chicken salad and pork salad and again...it was not ready at the promised time. After finally getting it home, we discovered there was no pork in the pork salad. We brought it back and asked to speak to the manager. She was apologetic but offered nothing to keep our business. We will never do business with the Cafe Rio chain again.
1	Hands down worst service in vegas!! Lord forbid any of them crack a smile! I frequent here due to loving the food, plus location wise... It is the best option for us.  At this point the one at centennial may be worth the drive! The owner really needs to get rid of the whole staff and try again. I truly can not stand bad costumer service. Why work in costumer service if you hate it?!? They all seriously look miserable as the THROW your food together! I really hope the owner/manager reads all of these reviews and does something about it.
4	I have been to this location a couple of times,  because it's my go to meal on the go, I usually order the taco salad with the whole wheat soft taco, it's my all time favorite,  but today i decided on the special Mahi Mahi fish tacos,  i totally enjoyed it, fish was fresh and i love the rice and beans, the drink order that comes with the meal is your choice of sodas but i got the mint limeade, it's sweet but i do enjoy it.I do agree that the customer service could be better, i always feel so rushed when i have to place my order.This location is the closest and convenient for me, so i am a regular here, I also love the free meal after you order 10..that's always a perk .
2	First off I am a big fan of Cafe Rio normally, however, this location just doesn't seem to have it going on. I feel like they skimp I the trimmings. I always order the tortilla soup and I've been twice around 3pm and they are already sold out. After waiting in the line too! Then they didn't put the guacamole or give me the tortilla to go with :-( I still go but I have to be very specific to tell them how it's to be made, even though every other location does it correctly.
1	One of the worst things about Yelp is that there are no options for Zero stars for restaurant's that truly deserve it. That statement is only for this location and not for the Cafe Rio chain as the others I have been to have all been wonderful, but the management at this location is truly horrendous. If you want a better experience go to the one next to Sportsman's Warehouse and you will see what this chain really stands for. The store on Decatur is a easy fix, just bring in a manager that actually knows how to run a restaurant and isn't insulting to customers. The manager is truly a piece of work and really need to be retrained. I have been in sales and traveled the western US for the past 40 years and I have never come into contact with worst customer service, this guy really takes the cake.
1	Usually I love the food.  Great quality and fast service.  However, the last few experiences were not the usual.  I ordered two asada burrito's enchilada style.  Both of the burritos hardly had any of the carne asada, mostly just beans and rice. The sauce was running out apparently because they only partially covered my burrito.  They were running out of everything when I was there (sauce, beans an meat).  This left it very dry and not worth paying the extra amount to make it enchilada style.  This location seems to lack proper management that would ensure that service is consistent with every visit.  I am not sure I will be coming back to this location, I'd rather drive out of my way to a better location or go to Chipotle.
4	I really enjoy this restaurant food, its quick and very fresh. The employees are friendly.  One of my fav places for lunch. Salads are delicious.
2	I went to Cafe Rio (located in the same shopping center as Costco on Decatur) on a Friday afternoon, around 4pm. I flew into LV that morning and had just spent over three hours waiting at the DMV down the street, so I was really ready to eat anything. The restaurant has a pretty large space, but I feel like they really packed in the tables. Thank goodness it wasn't busy that afternoon. Since I was there during the day, there was a whole lot of natural light coming in through the windows, so it was nice and bright. The music was alright, but a little more solemn than I prefer, but whatevs. I honestly can't imagine being here late night if it's busy. It would probably be really crowded, dim and loud with all the chattering and the music.. There were a lot of drink choices (I just drank water, though): Strawberry lemonade, mint limeade, southwest limeade, and Horchata (which most people go crazy over). I ordered a sweet pork enchilada with medium hot sauce, black beans, tomatoes, lettuce and rice. The pork was too sweet. The medium sauce that came with my order was not hot at all and was totally masked by the sweetness of the pork. There were a lot of additional hot sauces available on the counter with the utensils and napkins. A LOT. I tried putting more on my enchilada, but I didn't taste a satisfying difference. The service and food prep was super fast. They put the meat on the enchilada, folded it, put sauce on top and threw on the beans, lettuce, tomatoes and rice. The add-ons were nice, but presentation could have been better. I mean, they literally just throw it in your tray. I didn't feel that the enchilada and the experience were worth the price I paid.
4	Fresh tortilla! And they are good! Came here and to another location near Summerlin, liked this location better for some reason, don't know why the food tasted a little different at the Summerlin location. FOODLike a Chipotle but with a fresh tortilla. That's what makes it. The chicken was also really juicy. Didn't try the other meats though. Chicken tacos (4 stars): They put a good amount of chicken in there. You can taste the tortilla more since it's not covered with ingredients. Chicken salad (4 stars): They put a fresh tortilla on the bottom. Comes with guacamole too. Only thing is the tortilla on the bottom is soggy from everything on top, so ask for it on the side if you want. House dressing is good!SERVICEEveryone was nice when I came here. They are pretty fast at orders.ATMOSPHERECame for lunch and it was pretty packed, but people get up fast. There are a good amount of tables.
3	I have been to Cafe Rio establishments in the past however I had not been to this location in over 6 months. I was eager for the Steak Burrito! The restaurant itself was very empty on Sunday, 6pm, which was kind of nice for a quick take out grab-n-go. I got the steak burrito with a wheat tortilla and medium sauce, black beans, cheese inside. It was put through there over warming machine and it was wrapped up and packaged quick. I live less then 5 mins away and while I didn't expect it to be super hot I also didn't expect it to be room temperature. Overall, i ate the whole thing but certainly was not impressed with the quality of the food itself. I recall it was better in the past so not sure whats changed. Ive decided I wont be returning anytime soon. 3 stars for service, speed, and cost but I'd say 2 for quality of food.
2	I went into this location for dinner at 6:15 pm. The place was busy and there was a line. I hadn't eaten and even though I felt like leaving, I stayed. After waiting in line  for 8-10  minutes, it was my time to order. I placed my order for a steak salad and was immediately told they were out of steak and it would be at least 10 minutes before they would have some. Really? Out of steak, at a Mexican restaurant, at dinner time. This is the 2nd time this has happened to me; the previous time was lunchtime. A manager or supervisor should really explain to their employees how to prepare for rush hour  and to make sure this doesn't happen. I can honestly say this has never happened at Saba's or Chipotle! It will be a long time before I go back to this location.
1	The food is good but this place has the WORST customer service.  They throw your food, are so slow, act like you should know what comes in everything,  the tall guy is so rude, and they are ALWAYS out of something.  Zaba's is much better, I just wish it were closer. We will have to start going to the Cafe Rio on Centennial from now on.
1	Food is great. The staff, not so much. They don't really give you time to see what you want. Herd you through like cattle. Horrible customer service.  Blonde girl at counter constantly gave me the evil eye as I was eating, I guess because I asked her to slow down when my 8 y.o. daughter was ordering. Will not return to this location as this was the second consecutive trip with horrible service. I'll take my $50 somewhere else.
3	Food is always tasty and I never complain but.....I went to this Cafe Rio on Sunday Oct 5 for dinner around 7pm and they were running out of a lot of toppings especially the cilantro lime sauce which is the only reason why I eat there in the first place!!! They have two types of salad dressings: a cilantro lime and tomatillo ranch. I repeat! Only 2 dressings! How could they possibly run out? It's called make some more! Anyways they also ran out of the Mexican white cheese and guac it was ridiculous. I think it was an off day for them or poor management, I have no clue. I'm giving 3 stars because I love Cafe Rio, the flavor and portion size but Sunday was not happening!
4	I always come here when in Vegas. I think it is so unique and the food is fresh. My only complaint is they need to sprain the water off the beans. Very good food.
4	Good food with BIG PORTIONS! You will leave with a full stomach...maybe too full! LOL! I normally don't eat pulled pork, but the pulled pork burrito is really good! Get it enchilada style!
1	It won't let me give NEGATIVE stars! If you wanted their shrimp tacos today you had be there before 5pm. Also they ran out of rice. If this was the only time this happened I wouldn't be writing this negative review. This is the WORST cafe rio I know of. It's the only one that consistently runs out of food at an early hour. This happens so much that I will take the extra 10 minutes and go to the centenial center location. Really! This place sucks! No planning! How they stay in business is beyond me. It forced me to put one star to post this review.
4	Cleanliness: 4 starsThis establishment is clean but not spotless, the restrooms have a clean appearance but a small odor to it. The outdoor dining area doesn't have a trash can and people seem to just leave their waste on the tables.Hospitality: 4 StarsThe employees were kind, and made eye contact while I placed my order. However, it appears they are understaffed or lacked leadership as most were quick to the point with customers but openly joking amongst one another at the expense of the customer. Food: 3 starsConsistent with quality, and flavor. Only draw back is the food isn't as good for take out. The dishes seem to get cold fast and needed to be reheated. Overall: 4 starsBe prepared to be patient in line, and double check your order. The food is worth some of the shenanigans that seem to be normal with this restaurant.
4	Had the sweet pulled pork Tostada,  it was so good,  I just wished there was more of it on my Tostada.  You get your choice of toppings like Lettuce,  beans,  rice,  salsa,  guacamole,  cheeses.  There's chips and salsa,  the chips are warm and crunchy. Salsas are fair not too spicy.
1	2 out of 5 star average rating and you think this location would try to step up their game!  We go to this location out of convenience  but tonight was the last straw. We always get the pork and more often than not the pork at this location tastes pretty bland and dry. Don't know if they've got the wrong recipe or what. They also seem to run out of things quite often. I'll be traveling a little further from now on if I ever need a cafe rio fix.
1	I have been eating at Cafe Rio for a couple of years now and enjoy it. Recently I moved to the area and started going to this location. Over the past two weeks I have probably eaten there three times. Not once have I got good service. Two out of three times I ordered online figured out give them time to make it and have it ready for me when I got there. But both times they never started making it until I got there so I had to wait. What's the point of online ordering when you have to stand there and wait in line like everyone else. The first time we went to this location they made our food and we watched them try and give it to two different people before we got it. From now on I'll be driving to the Centennial location even though this location is a block and a half from my house. My only thought is they have the worst management ever at this location. I only gave them one star because you can have the best food in the world but when your staff is crap why bother.
1	Never had a problem when my mom and I would go here. We decided to order online since we had a few things to do. We ordered 2 enchiladas and queso. My mom gets there and there's no queso. The lady says they'll make it and it'll be 10 minutes. Okay... 10 minutes pass, they hand her our order and there's only one enchilada. So then she had to wait for them to make the enchilada. I don't understand the point of online ordering if you get there to pickup your order and it takes longer to get your meal than just waiting in line and ordering there. Waste of time and the food did not taste good.
