4	Me to my boyfriend after I went to the bathroom "Hey. There are naked people on the bathroom doors. This place seems to be confused. Maybe they give happy endings back there as dessert"This was a really weird place. Odd decor...which seems to be a running trend at the ethnic restaurants in Montreal but they offered huge portions. I started with the green papaya salad which was killer. Sliced shrimp and tons of salty, tangy and sweet sauce(maybe from the bathroom?). Mmmm. The bf ordered a dry martini...which they confused with a lychee martini. How you confuse those when ordering with the "point and order" technique in beyond me. It was good non the less.I got a plate of fresh squid with ginger and a shit ton of veggies. They raided a garden. My bf got a huge plate of pad thai. It did not taste like normal pad thai. It had such a deep flavor. I was very very impressed. Again, another great, cheap dinner.  Who cares if the bathrooms have naked people on them or tiny pieces of artwork on huge walls. Ill still come back begging for their food.
4	Bato Thai serves some of the most delicious Thai dishes I've ever tasted.  We ordered a red curry shrimp plate, pad thai, a vegetable dish and some appys.  The flavours of everything we ordered complimented each other very well.  Their tofu was surprisingly sweet tasting. The wait staff was really accomodating.  They pulled up an extra table so we could spread out the dishes we ordered.I'm not sure if it was the patrons or the restaurant, but the atmosphere was very social.  The couple beside us struck up a conversation about the Mutek festival which is playing this week in Montreal.  We enjoyed eating at Bato Thai and we'd definitely go back there again.
2	Delicious food, if you can get it.Three of us ordered one dish each.  80 minutes later one of us was served. 10 minutes later the second of us as served.  After 120 minutes, the third person had still not been served.We gave up and tried to pay.  That  took 15 minutes  (They had lost our check).  While paying, we were told that the third dish was finally ready, as if we would go back to the table and wait for the poor third diner in our group to eat.When the person at the cash register noticed that I had I tipped 1%, he pointed it out and said that I must of made a mistake.  I had to explain that either the server or the kitchen (I don't really care which!) had made a mistake and that no service = no tip.  CASE CLOSED![Actually, I think 1% sends a more effective message than no tip because they know you didn't accidentally forget.]
4	I've been here twice now and I'm sure I'll go back.  People have written about the service being horrible, which I can understand.  I would not say that I've gotten horrible service, just that it's been a little slow and that the first time we had to be a little assertive about getting a table.  We walked in and were standing right at the front of the restaurant, clearly waiting to be served (they have neither a Seat Yourself nor a Please Wait For the Hostess sign).  A couple of the waitresses looked me dead in the eye and then ignored me anyways.  Finally, I walked up and asked one of them about getting a table on the patio, and we did, and we ordered, and I ran to the dep across the street, and we had a great meal.The second time, service was much better.  We went at lunch in a group of 6, and they seated and served us quickly.  They're not very good at getting everyone's food out at the same time, it would seem, but it was still good.  I like that it's byob, and I like that it's Thai.  I wish they had yellow curry, but I will keep looking around the city for that.Lastly, a word to the wise: the chicken is not white meat chicken.  I don't know about other meats, but I was surprised that in a full-priced meal they served all dark meat chicken, some of which had sketchiness and gristle.  I don't know if this is a Canadian thing, a Montreal thing, a Bato Thai thing, or what, but I do know that I'm not used to getting all dark meat chicken in a full-priced dinner.  Because of this, I ordered a vegetarian dish the second time, and it was delicious.
5	This place was great. Food was good and for a good price and you can byob without a corkage fee. Severs seemed much nicer than any others I've met in this city so far! Walked right in and was served my food with 10 minutes of ordering.
