5	One word Amber! Amber! Amber! She was patient helpful and just a blast. If your looking for great sunglasses forget the hut come to chili beans
5	Of course they're there to make money. But they are some of the nicest, stylish people in the business.  Very professional, courteous and helpful without being stuffy. The store features new limited edition glasses every week. Chances are you will be wearing shades only about 30 to 40 other people will have. Very different styles by Brazilian designers. My wife and I felt very comfortable there and will be back.
5	While vacationing in Las Vegas my wife lost a screw from her sunglasses . Conveniently Chilli Beans was right there a couple of doors down from where she lost the screw. So we went into Chilli Beans hoping the glasses could be fixed. Lilly and Reina the young women behind the counter were more than eager to help us. My wife did not purchase the glasses from Chilli Beans but that did not stop Lilly. She was determined to help regardless of a purchase. That is customer service!  She took the time to ensure  we were taken care of and did not give up. Finding the right size screw to replace the lost screw was not an easy task but she did not let that stop her.Thank you Lilly my Braziilian friend.
5	I recently went in to this establishment and I was blown away! It was a really hot day!!! Adam had me at hello!! What a patient guy! He was very knowledgable. Then Jesse I think had a broken arm and it didn't stop him from doing his job! I really can't leave out R Jezzy what a great guy! He knows his stuff too!!! I will be back because of the employees!! They were all welcoming! It was my first time there and I WILL tell all my friends about my find!!! Thank you for the great experience
5	While wandering the strip in Vegas at 2 am my gf and stumbled across Chilli Bean at the Linq. After peeking through the window we knew we had to come back during store hours because we could see through the glass of the many wonderful assortment of glasses they had on display. Oh boy are we ever glad we did!! Not only are the glasses off the hook but the service from RJ Adam and Marty was outstanding. My girlfriend and I are both sunglass whores .. we are more than thrilled the ones or I mean the four we walked out the store!
5	Love our new sunglasses & watch! Customer service is A+ and prices are not bad either!
5	Lilly at the Las Vegas Store (near the Linq) provided my wife and I incredible customer service as she was willing to research the company's database in search of our "In-Store Voucher" that I had left at home in Hawaii. Lilly really went above and beyond in finally finding the transaction as it had originally been filed away incorrectly. Lilly's great customer service added to a great vacation.Sincerest thanks to Lilly.Rob and Kandi Lee, Kaneohe, Hawaii
5	Just bought some shades with my wife!! Awesome prices and RJ helped us find the perfect pairs. Great find! Thanks guys! Gerry and Shanyce
