4	Have been here twice now: once for lunch and once for breakfast, and the food was great both times. It's not cheap, but it is definitely value for money - the food is worth it.For lunch I had a great chicken wrap: It wasn't cheap but it was worth it, and packed solid with toppings. For breakfast I had a completely different take on French toast, which I won't even try to do justice by describing, you've just got to try it yourself (I think someone uploaded a photo of it, check it out). Most of the breakfasts came with a bowl of latte, which is always a nice size.
4	Probably the best Maple French Toast in Montreal.I've been here twice now for brunch and have tried the aforementioned French Toast as well as crepes filled with Ricotta cheese and both of them were stellar. Thick, fluffly pieces of bread, drenched in the egg mix and perfectly cooked, with maple syrup and pecans and swirls of whipped cream, this french toast is seriously rich and filling. You won't need to eat for the rest of the day. The ricotta filled crepes were equally rich and filling. Both dishes came with mounds of fruit and free coffee or tea.Service is very friendly. I have not had dinner here yet but did eye the desserts counter, and from what I understand, everything is made on the premises and looked just as good. A bit out of the way, but you can always walk over to the riverside a few blocks away and walk off the meal.
5	Great place, give us the feeling of a home made kitchen breakfast, great size coffee, delicious maple syrup French toast. I totally recommend it. I was just missing like a bowl of warm potatoes with garlic on the side. Also good brunch price.
5	One of the several hidden gems of Verdun. Great for weekend brunch with creative (and healthier than your typical breakfast joint) menu items. The staff is friendly and efficient without being overbearing. It's got a great atmosphere every time we go!
4	Very delicious crepes!!
4	After 2 hours of Kayaking, my girlfriend and I were starving and we saw that this place was only a few blocks down and had gotten great reviews online. The place is very cozy and the waitress was very friendly and efficient, we came in 1 hour before closing and ordered a meal with desert and coffee and never felt rushed by the staff, I even asked for the bill because I felt bad and was told not to worry and to finish my coffee first.As for the food, the portions were huge and tasted great. I had the chicken burrito and my gf had the salmon crepe. I did enjoy the burrito quite a bit, the salmon crepe was good, but not at the same level as the burrito.I left the restaurant with a smile and will definitely return.4.5/5
4	Great local restaurant. Everything tastes delicious and fresh. The service is always very nice, the place is cozy and you feel like you are at home. I usually go with my husband, but I also went with friends and we always see a lot of families that are regulars.The crepes are just amazing. The presentation of the doshes make them look even tastier. Prices are very affordable and fair.I didn't give it 5 starts because I wishe there was a few more options for brunch. Otherwise, this place is absolutely great!
