4	I love the Sausage & Pepperoni Stromboli's. Being located inside The Orleans, the food is always fresh. Since the restaurant sits across from the sports bar, I enjoy watching whatever live sports happens to be on at the time. Certainly worth a look. I'll be back.
2	I generally avoid fast food and chains, but late night circumstances dictated.The Hawaiian slice I ordered was not great.  I couldn't tell whether it's not great all time or whether it had been sitting for too long (it was 3:30 or so in the morning when I got it).  The crust tasted pretty dried out as did the rest of it.
1	Umm, don't do it. Just don't do it. I've eaten Sbarro in other places and they are known for delicious lasagna and their cucumber salad...This place, not so much. I'll never do Sbarro's HERE again.
4	Inside the Orleans Hotel....this Sbarro isn't bad. It is located by the parking garage and poker tables and serves its purpose if you're hungry and need some carbs to fill you up. When you think of Vegas...you think of gourmet. Sbarro is fast food Italian. They open early and close late, perfect for Vegas! I ate here a few times when I stayed at the Orleans. When you're actually in Vegas for something other than partying and gambling, and you're there for a softball and paintball tournament, Sbarro serves its purpose for quick eats. The service is good here if I remember, the food actually came out fresh and hot, plenty of seating, smiles from the cashier and food servers. When you're working fast food inside a Vegas hotel and you can still be happy to be at work...that's good in my books.
4	Iate here on my birthday this year since I was staying at the Orleans. My friends and I bought a deluxe pizza which came out to about $18..... The pizza was great, just a bit pricey but I figured it would be since it's in a casino. It loses a star for price, but it's 24 hours and good food.
3	I had made the choice to watch the Suns at the bar and drink a few beers rather than eat a real dinner.  When the game was over I was hungry but didn't want much.  I have seen Sbarro at several casinos but had never tried them.  At $3.99 a slice they get a high price for average pizza without many choices.  They cook the pizza sorta and then when you order it they toss on the items that don't take long and toss your slice back in the oven for a couple of minutes.  The folks behind the counter were pleasant enough but you feel rushed as they try to keep the line moving.
1	I love pizza but this reheated cardboard grease wheel that I just ate here was pretty nasty. The people working here are very nice though.
3	The only reason I eat here, is that I prefer this food to the food I get served (at work) in the Orleans EDR(Employee Dining Room)Sabarro's can be a hit and miss.Sometimes you can get a good slice and sometimes you can get a charcoaled slice.The charcoaled slice consists of them sticking the slice in the oven to heat it up and you get the black burnt parts from the oven.I like the pepperoni, but I don't like the pepperoni slices they use.The staff is friendly.Basically pizza is... When it's bad, it's still pretty good.
1	Ok ok I know this place is a chain but man I gotta comment on their service...So upon checking in you get coupons you can use around the casino, one of them can be used at Sbarro. I thought hey why not grab a slice and save a bit. Well guess I can't use it because I got a combo and according to the employee I saved a lot already. Um SERIOUSLY?! Ok so I let that go..then I asked for an extra plate and some napkins..well the manager have me two pieces of napkins. Wtheck am I gonna do with two pieces of napkins?! One word: STINGY!!!
3	Great little place tucked into the food court of the Orleans. The pizza was full of flavor and very filling. I've never seen a Sbarro outside of a food court somewhere and don't even know if they exist, but would love to see what they could do on a grander scale. They have definitely become my food court "go to." Good italian restaurant quality food with food court convenience.
4	I know it's fast food mall food, but they spin their own dough and they home make the marinara.  Lots of garlic and goodness here.  One of the best mall pizza joints I have been too.  Maybe I got there when everything is fresh, but I was impressed with there quality and service.
3	I work in another restaurant in the Orleans so I frequent this Sbarro while on my short break. The pizza is hit and miss, sometimes it's really good and fresh, other times not so much. Most of the staff is nice, however the male manager is often rude, no idea about saying thank you, or even a smile.
3	Food court. Good for a quick bite. Slices are large. Garlic bread pretty bland. They reheat your pizza in oven once you order it. Bit in the expensive side and high calories but if your looking for a quick bite- this place is great.
3	The sausage stromboli is the best along with a plate of spaghetti noodles are bland and cold but the meatballs are tasty go here if you want a quick bite to eat
4	The pizza here is actually pretty good the sauce could use some flavor and they could try to put more cheese on the pizza as I got to the last bite there was hardly any cheese on that part of my pizza and it was all sauce other then that whenever I get another chance I plan on eating the pizza here again.
