2	Bird excrement? Soap? apologies, its the white stuff you sea when a wave breaks.I found nothing tempting in here. Immediately you can relate to the surf theme, but there's simply too many bland checked shirts and plain below knee length 'board' shorts for the clothing range to have any immediate appeal. A sea of generic clothing.
3	If you're blond, Australian, think flip flops aren't disgusting, and take yourself a bit too seriously, then you're probably into surfing. To be honest I'd quite literally rather catch aids than step anywhere near a surf board, I don't talk like a ninja turtle, and have no intention of catching some awesome waves with my dudes any time in the near or distant future so I'm kind of an outsider in here.I'm also not too keen on the innuendo laden name, which most people associate with snow and jizz long before linking it to the foam on a wave.
2	'Woah dude - I'm, totally...like, a total surfer duuude... err, yeah. I buy my flip flops at this place called White Stuff.. Duude. Yeah, surfer maan.'.This place is so generic it hurts.If I were to describe a shop that stereotyped Surfers and so called 'cool dudes' it would have to be this. Think flip flops, open shirts, boards shorts and a lot of surfer props to make the shop look cool.Oh, and its expensive.
4	Nothing wrong with tanned, blonde beach-men is there?aahhh........This is one of those places that I would love to love, if you know what I mean? It's such a cool lifestyle, surfer by day, care-free at night, right? I wish.This place is quite expensive though, it must be said. For what it is, there could be at least a student discount
2	There are two branches of White Stuff in Edinburgh, one in Ocean Terminal and this one on George Street. I don't have a favourite seeing as I'm not a huge fan of the clothes. I find them rather unimaginative, trying too hard to be cool and far to expensive for what they are.If you're into preppy style where you're into wearing Uni hoodys and blazer then you might lap this right up as shirts and blazers are their thing.One thing I do like about White Stuff is their range of swimwear which is very pretty and comes in a varied range suitable for all shapes and sizes. It's the saving grace really.
3	I found this store to be a bit like the Gap. It sells practical, well made vest tops in shades like maroon and beige, but it's all a bit blah.I just wasn't inspired by the White Stuff at all. It was preppy and the clothing may have suited someone because it was undeniably of  good quality, but it failed to spark my interest. There were some pretty floral tops and dresses that looked like they'd last you a lifetime, but it was all a bit safe for me in terms of clothing. And I'm not exactly looking for something wild - there was just something a bit middle aged about it.I'm sure someone will find something pretty out of here - they certainly seem to be keeping up with trends,and their sales are worth peeking into - but overall I found the experience to be a bit bland.
4	Well this is a first - I don't think i've ever written a review on a change room before...I popped into White Stuff this evening for a blogger event. Besides the fact that their name is ridiculous, and cannot be used in every day conversation without it sounding completely dirty (I have the brain of a five year old, so sue me), it's a really exquisitely presented shop that carries less exquisite, but decent basics.Honestly, this little place isn't my jam for clothing. There's a whole "fancy t-shirt and jeans" element of current fashion that just alludes me. I don't get fancy t-shirts. It's a t-shirt....??? But that being said, I WOULD go back and try on a fancy t-shirt, just so I could hang out in the very funky change rooms (that is less creepy then it sounds).These are the funkiest change rooms that ever there were.Each little room is behind a wardrobe door and each has it's own theme. The Alice in Wonderland obsessed lady that I am, I was hooked from the first surprise. From a stuffed animal clad room, to a forest and a 1950's kitchen (?), each are impeccably down and well worth the snoop. I feel sorry for the folks who have to go in during open hours, as I'm sure they are less encouraged to just start opening doors.But the one that really got me was a little under sea themed room that was a contest winner designed by a 12 year old girl. HOW CUTE IS THAT?! They took her drawing and played it out perfectly, down to the live fish that they feed every morning. It's as cute as a bug's ear and a lovely little sound bite from our tour.So i'm a fan. Of their change rooms. Change rooms that are worthy of a four star review just on their own.As to the rest of the store? Though the clothing didn't strike my fancy, there's some great accessories that might have me stopping back. They seem to be a bit less expensive then some of the other finds (except for the shoes that caught my eye, but isn't that always the case?). It's a good spot for a nice scarf or accent jewelry.
