5	To my surprise that I found a little gem in Las Vegas, away from Spring Mt. and Asian Community, the foods were delicious, the restaurant was very clean. I tried Pho (no MSG, little or no fat), Spicy Beef Soup (aka Bun Bo Hue) and others. But, my favorite disks are Garlic Rice, Marinated Short Ribs Beef and Special Crabs. I will definitely come back to try the Garlic Noodle and Shrimp, etc... next time. This restaurant deserves a "5 stars".
5	This is one of the most inventive, loveable fusion restaurant in Vegas that I have found so far.  By embracing not only the French influence but also the Italian on Vietnamese cuisine , it makes the food more exceptional and unique. I have been to many restaurants in Vegas but this is the only place that keeps me coming back for more. My favorites dishes of this restaurant are Spicy Beef Noodles Soup, Garlic Rice with Marinated Short Ribs, and last but not least, the House Special Crab. I think i would give this restaurant an A plus for not having MSG and also not letting the food get so greasy .  The ambiance is lovely and soothing. i I think this restaurant can be a better suited place  to a quiet evening with the family/casual dinner with friends. I would come back to try more food here for next  time visiting Vegas.
1	First of all, it's obvious that these 2 reviews are either 1. written by the owners or 2. WRITTEN BY THE OWNERS!!!!!The reviews are written on the same day and both reviews praised the exact same dishes, with the same broken English. Not only this but each user has only 1 review.    I'm a frequent yelp user but did not have an account, but when i saw these false reviews i had to make an account just to state the truth about this dive.I've been to this restaurant 3 times giving it the benefit of the doubt and every time they failed miserably!!  If it's not the inconsistency of menu prices than it's the inconsistency of food which makes it a "NO GO!"  Each time i had invited a friend and they also were disappointed. The food would be mediocre to say the BEST and the food was overpriced.I've ordered the bo luc lac (Shaken beef $13) and it's obvious that the beef was of low quality when you can get good top quality beef at kim long down the street for  cheaper $10. The "FAMOUS" garlic rice is nothing to rave about, it just tastes like salted rice soaked in butter and garlic.The ambiance is reminiscent of a flea market food court, with its cheesy decor, it's quite depressing when you're the only table there, while the chef keeps popping in and out from the kitchen.It seems like a mom & pop ran operation and maybe this is why they just don't get it.The service was nice but other than that everything else was sub-par.That's why when i saw these reviews it made me so upset because they were false and obviously were written by the restaurant.  If i could give 0 stars I would, but I'll give 1 because of the nice waitress.
5	I just move to this area and this was the closest pho restaurant from my place. I always drive by it and finally today I stop by. The waitress was very nice, I order the beef pho combination noodle soup and fried egg rolls. The egg rolls was good and crispy. The noodle soup was good too. The soup base taste like beef soup and not the salty msg soup from  kim long. Overall I like it , ill go back when I crave for some pho.
5	I'm glad we stopped by this place, the owner, chef and staff, were all very nice, while waiting, they served us this jasmine tea which is now my favorite tea to drink, the food was great, my parents loved the Chef's Special Crab, we all enjoyed the spring rolls with the great sauce that came with it as well as the house special chicken wings with fish sauce, which we were all fighting for to get the last piece, while I enjoyed my house special garlic rice and grilled beef short ribs, we all appreciate the restaurant for not using MSG in their cooking, guess we were hungry that night, we left full and satisfied.  A cold spell set in the next night and we decided to come back for the pho, something to help warm us up, it hit the spot, we again ordered some spring rolls and chicken wings with fish sauce, the owner was nice enough to throw in some egg rolls for us to try and once again, we were not disappointed with the food.  This is now our new spot in Las Vegas every time we visit here. Will have to come back and try the rest of the menu.
4	I felt like all the places I used to get pho at (like Kim Long and Pho So 1) have kinda been going downhill lately. My favorite was Pho So 1, but the last two times I ate there it made my stomach super upset and followed me into the next day. So I figured it was time to explore and a friend recommended me to this place.  I've been to this place twice and order pho both times, which was delicious. The noodles are the best part. Most of the places I go have started lowering the quality of there noodles (they are soggy, too soft, and fall apart). I love noodles (my favorite part!) and the ones here were awesome. Plus even the small was a huge bowl I had a hard time finishing.I am half Vietnamese and my mom is terrible at making pho so I always have to go out to eat it, and this is definitely on my list of places I plan to regularly visit. Staff was super nice, the cook (and possibly the owner? not sure) even came out to check on us. Still not Cali pho, but it's Vegas, and I have yet to find a place as good and cheap as LA.Will come again :)
2	No...just no. The staff is so friendly but their business sense couldn't be worse. Unfortunately, they are located right next the almost-as-awful Thai Original BBQ.The catfish was not served in a clay pot as stated on the menu and tasted like a pile of cumin and salt. The poor chef spent the extra money on ghee for the steamed rice but we were the only two in the restaurant on a Friday night at 7 to halfway enjoy it.Cash only as well. Better luck next time.
5	My boyfriend recommended  this place after he dined here a few times.  I came here for a late lunch and ordered Pho. There's nothing like having a nice hot Pho on a rainy day! This Pho I had was the best I ever had. I usually go to Pho Kim Long or DaLat but 188 Restaurant sure beats these two other places! Tip: Before you start adding Sriracha and/or  Hoisin sauce, taste the broth first. I did and Oh maaaan.... I absolutely loved it! You can tell they spent time making this wonderful broth. The chef came out to greet us and asked how we liked the food. I've had home cooked Pho before and it reminded me of when I had home cooked Pho at my friend's back in College... OMG! Even when I was done eating, I didn't have that funny after taste at all. At these other locations,  I would have this weird after taste that just won't go away... LoL! The atmosphere was very quiet and not crowded at all. There was plenty of parking as well. I ordered the Large Pho ($8.00) w/ hot tea and my boyfriend ordered the Large cold Vermicelli noodles ($8.00) w/ Coca Cola. Our bill came out to be under $18.00. I highly recommend this place. Oh by the way, 188 Restaurant is located almost at the corner of Jones Blvd. and Flamingo across the street from Pep Boys Auto Shop.
