5	We attended the 19th annual Charlotte Latin American Festival and it was the most fun I've had all year.  There were three large areas with food vendors, products for sale and music.  It's hard to say which was the best part because the food was great and there was different music playing depending on which part of the park you were in.  The Symphony Bandshell was covered with bank and financial company tents offering free raffles and the bands on stage were great.  Hopefully next year I won't have the flu and can do more than just walk around looking for a bench to sit and enjoy watching other people dance!
4	yeah it was fun , a nice crowd - not overwhelming like it gets in big cities like NY, Miami or Chi - and a very nice vibe overall plus the weather was perfect for it. Some of the acts were obviously amateurs but so what.The only bitch is that sponsors got on stage all the time to peddle their stuff. Shameless and worse: TACKY!!  One of the featured groups had great energy and probably makes a terrific club band : Xperimento. I bought their CD, turns out they're from Miami ... And no Bud anywhere, only Corona and Modelo so that's a ++++ for me!
4	I attended very last minute - about 5 hours after the festival had already begun. But unsurprisingly for the Latino community the event was still going strong. There was a high-energy Uruguayan band on stage which had some pockets in the crowd moshing they were so excited. Lots of vendors trying to nag you to sign up on their mailing lists and earn some freebies. The primary vendors and sponsors seem to consist of all the local grocery stores and Charlotte banks primarily. Plus a few cellular and insurance companies.Closer to the entrance is where you will find all the food vendors with an excellent variety of legit Latino cooking. At the first tent I saw they had some excellent Colombian tacos. Yes yes, I know it's cliche. But you've never had a taco until somebody from Latin America makes it for you. Drop that Taco Bell crap and come check out this festival.At $10 for a plate of 5 small tacos and $3/can for Corona or Modelo the prices are high as expected for a festival. You will also pay an entry fee into the event. I didn't really count my change but I think it was around $5. So when all was said and done, after two beers and a plate and a half of tacos I had spent $25 here. But it was worth it in my opinion.
