4	Good Pizza! Good Wings! Good Sandwiches! Good Service! Full Bar! Lot's of TVs! Need I say more? We will continue to vist 2-3 times a month.My only complaint is; when it gets busy, service slows down considerably.
4	We are so happy that tailgaters can choose Surprise az, Love the food, love the pizzas, and wings, but sometimes we feel like we're invisible. The daytime service is not fast enough.  We eat there several times a month.  If the servers could pay just a little more attention to those who want to get their checks and leave that would be great.  We will be back!
4	Finally!!! After almost 4 years, have found an excellent white pizza!! No big globs of ricotta, well blended and crust was just right. Nice and garlicky, the way it should be!!
4	I was a regular when I lived in Litchfield Park, and was pleased to see Tailgaters open in Surprise. Consistently good pizza, and the kitchen staff pays attention to details like ordering a pie well-done or "crispy." Wings are good, & so are the salads. They serve pizza & wings until 02:00 on Fri & Sat, so keep them in mind. Few places are open late, this close to Sun City.They play country music most of the time and, unlike the Litchfield Park location, it's not just to persuade you to put money in the jukebox. It's what the regulars like. I like to put Dead Weather on the jukebox, to instill a better vibe. Or Dead Kennedys. It's an Internet-connected jukebox, so lots of choices. Also, they had a  really good DJ on a recent Saturday night (late), playing some very creative mixes. Stayed almost til closing, just for the tunes.
2	The food was average to above average. We got the calzone and the baked sub. We also got the spinach and artichoke dip as an appetizer; it probably would have tasted better if it had come out hot.Service rivaled the worst I've ever had. We waited about 20 minutes for an appetizer only to have our food come out five minutes afterwards. Our waitress, Missy, checked on us twice. To get my water refilled I had to stop and ask Missy personally and she still neglected to refill my wife's drink, which was also completely empty. We would go back if I go back if we could get the food and avoid the wait staff.
5	Awesome food and great service.  New to the area and we have already found a place to take the family on Wednesday's.   My kids loved the karaoke AND ate all of their food!
3	The baked Italian sandwich was basically a hot pocket in quality except my crust was burnt. Decent but not worth the price. Great service though.
4	First visit was a pleasant surprise.   Food was well above average and the bar was great. Prices were very reasonable. Our servers were good and friendly.  Sets way back off Bell road and Reems  on Southwest corner but worth a look.
2	I have enjoyed the pizza from Tailgaters on a few occasions now and have been pleased with the quality and taste. Tonight, however, we were in the mood for something a little different, but still didn't want to leave the house.  We placed a delivery order for one spaghetti pasta bowl with meatballs, one house special calzone, 10 hot wings, and a piece of cheesecake.  The order was placed at 4:20 and the estimated delivery was 5:00.  Our food did not show up until 5:48, which was pretty disappointing.  The calzone was not even warm at this point, and they had forgotten the meatballs for the spaghetti.  We called and spoke to the manager who offered to send out the meatballs.... (And wait another 1.5 hours?  No thanks!)  In the end he apologized for the inconvenience, and made a note in their system to comp our next order.  From here on out we will be sticking to pizza.  Oh... And skip the cheesecake... I'm pretty sure it is just a defrosted piece of the one they sell in the freezer aisle at Walmart.
3	If you're looking for a great place to get drunk and watch the game, this is a perfect option. However, if you're looking for a place to eat, I'd pass in tailgaters. I had the turkey avocado wrap, which honestly tasted like mayonnaise, while my family shared their appetizer sampler, which looked less than impressive quality wise. I would label their cuisine as "drunk food" in the sense that it's so heavy and fried that it will soak up whatever you've put in
1	One star is being kind.  I moved here in mid 2014.  Shortly after i broke a tendon in my knee.  So, driving was out of the question.  I then discovered Tailgaters.  I ordered a batch of wings for delivery.  The wings were out of sight.  They were large and saucy,and even with an option for 'drumettes' only.  I loved them so much, the next week i tried again.  They gave me a 45 minute delivery time.  1:30 later the delivery shows.  Food was Ice cold.  Even the grease/oil on wings solidified.  Weeks later, craving wings, I tried again.  Keep in mind, I live less than a mile from this location.  We waited one hour (15 mins after promised time) and called in.  They said food was just sent out.  30 mins later still no food.  After a 1:45 minute wait, the delivery person shows and by that time food was cold and I turned order away.  I did try and order weeks later and for the last time.  They called several  minutes after order and were out of my  Fettuccine and tried to substitute.  Again they were late.  When I called, they claimed we never answered our door.  Our dining room (where i sat and wait) is inches from door.  When delivery arrived, he mentioned nothing to the fact of/when he was previously here but did say how short staffed they were.
