5	Don't be fooled by the Pickles' sign and decor - Papa George is open for business. I could careless about interior design as long as the food is off the hook. And that it was! Dolmades, juicy pork souvlaki skewers and rich spanakotiropita are made to perfection - even though it's different from how my family prepares it. Their tzatziki is loaded with dill and is probably the most flavorful one I have tasted in quite some time. I do, however, prefer warm dolmades with lamb (you can opt to have them served warm) and the pork portions could be a little larger for the price. The spanakotiropita could have had flakier phyllo. But it was well worth the calories. And what Greek menu would be complete without egg lemon soup? I'm crossing my fingers for it to appear on the menu. Finish off the meal with baklava - my favorite dessert! It's honeyed phyllo with nuts and cinnamon. Opt for the baklava sundae if you need a sweeter kick. Eventually, the nasty Pickles' menu & ridiculous top 50 songs pumped through the speakers will end soon enough (unless you let the manager know which items you can't live without), the staff will continue to be employed and more Greek plates will be introduced. Upscale snobs - find another place to dine.
4	I think it is clear that there is better mediterranean food in champaign (pasha) and probably also better diners (merry ann's) but my experience at pickles / papa george tonight was AWESOME.  There are so few times in life when an anticipated experience can live up to its imaginings, but when I sat down in that still-decorated-like-pickles restaurant and pulled out BOTH the old pickles menu AND the new, printed on paper, completely stylistically different greek menu, and our waitress came over wearing tan jeans and a tie-dye pickles tshirt and accepted our order for both a heineken in a frosty mug and a hummus appetizer, I almost lost it from the surreality of the situation.  It was unique, in an awesome, awesome way, for example, when the manager went over to the register at the bar, printed out a mysteriously long length of receipt tape, handed it to one of the waitresses, and told her that that was the wine list with prices.  Or that the specials whiteboard up front (a remnant of the pickles days) proclaimed that the side of the day was macaroni salad, but that the dessert of the day was baklava.I kind of hope they keep it that way.  My pork souvlaki was actually very good.  The bread, vegetables, and rice that came with it were less than fresh but I really can't take any points away from them for low freshness when they are trying to pull off two full completely non-overlapping menus.  We ordered a hummus and pita appetizer, and they kept refilling our pita until all the hummus was gone, which was awesome.We also sampled from the pickles menu; my friend ordered the hawaiian chicken sandwich and claims that it was "actually really good."  Again, awesome.
2	DH and I checked this out tonight, having seen the ads on the sign for flaming cheese and Greek wines, and were less than impressed.  Having the old Pickles decor is a little jarring, I must say, although I can see why they have kept it.  The food was decent, but not as good as other Mediterranean places here in town.  We had the hummus appetizer, after being told that the flaming cheese, which was advertised on both the outdoor sign and the specials board, was no longer available.  However, while we were finishing our hummus, we saw no less than three other tables enjoying their flaming cheese.  To her credit, our waitress told us about the communication snafu, but this was well after we had received our meals.  Despite the fact that the restaurant wasn't particularly busy, service was quite slow.  The portions were decent, but not great.  We both thought the prices were high for what we got.  For the same amount of money, one can definitely have a better Greek/Mediterranean meal and better ambience elsewhere in town.
4	my first visit since it changed from pickles....i ordered what i always order here - the breaded pork tenderloin. it's exactly the same as it always was - and that's a GOOD thing, in my book. it's only on the menu as grilled, but they have that old standard breaded one, if you ask for it.my son ordered a gyros, & liked it. he chose lamb slices. they offer standard gyros meat as well, plus a spicey version.the decor hasn't changed.next time, i'll try a greek entre...cool touch - the new owner was walking around talking to patrons with his young daughter. she's learning to cook & likes to cook, especially eggs, she told us...scrambled!
4	When I first checked it out I was not impressed. The Pickles decor was garish, the waiter rude, and the meat kind of dry. After a visit tonight...all I can say is that the improvement is amazing. The service was fantastic, the evil Pickles stuff is mostly gone, and the food was incredible. They now serve local lamb and heritage Berkshire pork. The souvlaki is now even better than I remember from when they had a booth at the farmer's market. But the lamb ribs I had...wow...marinated to perfection with delicious tangy vegetables on the side. I'm a picky eater and I was practically gnawing on the bones.Considering the meat was all local and sustainable, I was amazed that my entree only cost $13. If you want to support local farmers and eat truly delicious food, check this place out.
2	I have been debating whether this place is good or not, and I think I've finally figured out why I just can't get a feel for it.I think Papa George is supposed to be an upscale place since its prices are comparable to Olive Garden and Biaggis ($9.69 patty melt; $11.85 lunch serving of spinach pie (spana...)), but with smaller portions. Yet its online specials include an entree + 6-pack of beer. (What upscale restaurant advertises six-packs of beer?) I also have a hard time separating the place from Pickles, and its location among blue-collar shops takes away from the restaurant's possible sophistication. So every time I go, I expect lower prices and/or bigger portions than what actually happens.The food is not bad, but it is not great either. It's a place that you would not mind eating at if your friends asked you to, but you would never go there by your own decision. I think it's just poor execution of the restaurant's concept, which makes me sad because the owners and staff are nice and deserve to do well there.
1	Not good at all.  I love good, authentic Greek food, and there was none to be found at Papa George's.  Everything I had was terribly overseasoned with nauseating amounts of lemon or dill or both.  These are strong flavors that I love, but they require a light touch.  The dill in my Tzatziki made it taste like a commercial dill dip, and it was served with dried and browning baby carrots, broccoli, and cauliflower.  Very gross.  The Gigantes had so much dill that I couldn't force down more than a couple bites. The Dolmades Yalantzi was way too acidic and very unpleasant and the Avgolemono had way too much lemon as well.  Saganaki was rubbery.   The Baklava had just the tiniest hint of honey, none of the sticky sweet goodness that defines this pastry.The bill for two people was almost $60 and, based on the quality, the food would have been overpriced at $20.  Decor in the place is the same tacky Pickle's look with the addition of a "Mediterranean" paint job.  Over all, a very negative experience.  I won't be back.
5	I have had far better Greek food at other places, and there are better diners, but nothing matches the combination of good food and absolutely top-notch service that you find at Papa George's."Of course! This is Papa George's--We ain't no chain!" the owner said when I asked for a small menu substitution.I feel if your'e going for teh Greek/Diner combo, you can't go wrong with the "American" Gyros, French fries, and if you have room later--baklava sundaes! (ice cream sundaes with baklava crumbs atop them.  Reflect on how unhealthily delicious that is).Sunday brunch is also tasty, although perhaps not exceptional.  Again the service tips it from a 4 star to a 5 star review.  Additionally, they have a happy hour on Thursdays with $2 martinis (unfortunately, they're about as good as you can expect for $2).Don't fail to check out their weekly $5 lunch specials, though.  THOSE are fantastic.Can you tell I have a soft spot for Papa George?  'cuz I do.
1	Papa George has gone out of business and is CLOSED.
