4	So after dinner, me and my bf wanted to stop by here to try a cupcake. They're a few stores down from the sea life aquarium so its in that area. When I saw the cupcakes, I was immediately blown away about how huge they were. My bf suggested that we share one since they're double the size of regular sized cupcakes. What surprised me was the fact that there were two guys operating the shop, but since the owners were men, the employees were men too so it made sense. Me and my bf got the pink Cadillac since I've heard raving reviews about it. I wasn't too thrilled about the pink frosting cause it tasted like it was sweetened with splenda or sweetnlow. The vanilla buttercream center tasted a lot better. The next time I go here, I'll try a vanilla one.
4	Really a good cupcake and I am very critical especially because I think Seattle has a couple of the best in the country. I tried the Pink Cadillac and Pineapple Upside down cake. The cakes here are almost double the size of any place else and have a really good frosting to cake ratio. The frosting great on both and none of that weak buttercream stuff that lack real flavor.Moist flavorful and the pineapple one tasted the best by far with the classic taste in cupcake form.. The Pink one was super powered with sugar and might as well be a energy drink replacement but it was good and had a surprise filling inside.
5	OMG! So much better than OVERATED Sprinkles. Tyler is the best he wipped me up a coconut vanilla ice cream even if they didn't have any he didn't turn me away. And that is called superb service. Way to go Tyler...love all the way from Orange County California!
5	I LOVE CUPCAKES!!!! I have tried every cupcake shop that I come across: NO ONE has a better cupcake than Sweet Daddy Cupcakes. They are moist, the flavors taste fresh AND they aren't overly sweet. My granddaughter gives them 2 thumbs up
4	Saw it when I was at the mall...tried it out since I saw it on cupcake wars. I wanted to see if they were good. Tried it out with the red velvet and it was pretty good.
5	So good! I always have a hard time choosing which one I want.  It takes strong willpower for me to walk by and not buy any!
5	Cupcake Wars winner, #41 out of #101 cupcake places to try in the U.S. and good Yelp reviews were all correct about this place!  Since we were at Arizona Mills to see the aquarium we stopped and grabbed up a couple of cupcakes to test them out.We opted for the Fox 10 Fantasy cupcake (it had a cookie on it...I mean come on...you don't turn down a cupcake with a COOKIE on it) and the Caramel Apple. We opted to eat the apple cupcake first and there were actual bits of real apple in the cake itself, and the frosting was sweet, but not overwhelming. It had a pie like crust on the very bottom that tasted like it had cinnamon in it and was great by itself or with a bite of cupcake!The Fox cupcake had a butter cream like frosting, chocolate cake, chocolate chips and a cookie on top. The cake was done perfectly and the frosting was a great companion to the cake itself.  The chocolate chips and cookie were really just bonus - and I don't turn down bonuses.The staff members were helpful and friendly!Overall: A+Give 'em a try if you are by one of their locations!
4	Had a huge lemom cupcake with cream cheese frosting. Nice strong lemon flavor to the cake and the frosting was creamy and delicious. The shop is conveniently located in a mall and reasonably price.
4	People who love sweets will like it. I'm not really into cupcakes but my friends really enjoyed it. The store is located between door 6 & 7.
4	Awesome cupcakes!  I got 4 different flavors & each one was great.  They are really big so it is best to share.  Also, they go stale after 1 day so buy & easy same day.
5	I was not expecting to like these, it's so hard to find good cupcakes, but these were pretty awesome.We got strawberry and Oreo, plus my mom got German chocolate.  Both the strawberry and Oreo were very good.  Only the frosting tasted like Oreo, the cake just tasted like chocolate cake.  My mom says the German chocolate was pretty good.If it wasn't Christmas and in a mall, we would totally go there again before heading home.
