5	This place gets an A+ and two thumbs up from me. Jeff is very helpful and will guide you through your whole printing process. He also has the biggest sublimation printer in town! So for those complex all over prints or simple work uniforms, make sure to stop by.
5	Great place to do business- Jeff went out of his way to get my order completed early- give him a try...
5	When I was looking to have a few shirts printed with some custom artwork, I sent emails to many businesses. A few did not even bother to respond to my inquiry. A couple others wouldn't even consider my order because it was too small. Two companies did respond but the prices were higher than I was prepared to pay, and one could not complete the order by the date I needed the shirts... Then there was Jeff at Genre Sportswear. Genre Sportswear specializes in smaller orders and performance apparel. Not only was Jeff one of the first to respond, but his pricing was a good 30-40% lower than the other quotes I received. Jeff and I exchanged numerous emails before I actually placed my order. He was always quick to respond and always answered all of my questions. He helped create the right artwork for the shirts, adding and tweaking text until it was precisely what I wanted. Genre Sportswear uses a sublimation printer, which results in a long lasting look that will never crack or peel off. Rather than selling me boring, basic cotton shirts he provided me with 'dry fit' shirts and tanks, made of material similar to what athletic jerseys are made out of. The shirts were completed days before I actually needed them, and they came out exactly as I wanted. I plan on ordering more shirts from Jeff in the future and recommend anyone looking to have custom apparel made contact Genre Sportswear for a quote.
5	We needed shirts made in a 24 hour period and I was having no luck calling around to find a company 1) that was understanding and didn't give me the 3rd degree about waiting til the last minute 2) would process the order without charging an additional exorbitant fee per shirt because again "I shouldn't wait til the last minute" (-And not to sound mean, but as a business owner myself, business owners should know that things happen all the time and t-shirt orders might need to be made at the last minute and instead of getting upset that I am calling last minute to place an order with their company, wouldn't they be happy that you are giving them business in the first place?)Anyhow, I had a great experience with Jeff, the owner of Genre Sportswear.  I called him thinking all hope was lost, and he explained exactly what he could do to help us out.  He didn't treat me like a bad customer for calling at the last minute.  Our t-shirts came out perfectly via sublimation, and we received so many compliments on them!  Thank you Jeff for your patience and making sure we were able to have our shirts made on time!
5	Best quality designed t-shirts at unbeatable prices.  Jeff went above and beyond to make sure the shirts I ordered were exactly how I needed them to be.  The turn-around time was really fast and the quality of the shirts and design was way better then expected.  highly recommended and I will definitely be back for more. A++++++
5	The team shirts came out great for our Spartan Race in Sept. in So. Cal. Jeff the owner was very helpful and professional. Great quality printing on our Under Armour shirts. I highly recommend his business to anyone that needs to get some shirt printed.
