5	The best place!  Love the people and the service.  My dogs are so much happier now that they go to The Paw Spa.  They smell great for at least a week!  Prices are great too.
5	I have to admit, my dog is extremely difficult when it comes to baths. I took her to The Paw Spa and I was so happy when she got back home happy and smelling amazing. She was so relaxed and I loved the little scarf they put on her when they were done. Also, the price was incredible for the extent of the services. I will for sure be taking my little girl back there again!
2	Loved this dog salon when I first started coming here, they made a mistake and cut my dog's marking that we love off. We were disappointed but gave them the benefit of the doubt and still continued to return each time we told them exactly how we wanted it cut and told them not to touch the part they had messed up on before and of course this last time they ignored my requests and cut off that marking again! It's a bit annoying when your paying full price and TIPPING them and they are disregarding your wants. There's too many pet salons around town for me to settle on one and i'd rather go to someone that will listen and value their customers business.
5	THE BEST!! i was referred here by a co-worker who brings her pup after i had the worst experience at another groomer in town.   well, THANK GOD!!  this place is a little oasis, and truly a spa for your pets.   i couldn't have been more impressed and two years later, i've never been disappointed. first let me say, my dogs HATE the groomer.  every time i take them, they dig their paws in, bark and cry in protest and when i pick them up, i can hear them screaming for me in the back and once brought out front, they literally leap into my arms shaking.  And my dog is a hard-ass, bratty and too cool for school -- except at the groomer, where she's a big baby who wants her mommy.   Well, not this place.  Every time we walk in, it's QUIET.. not a dog barking or whining or crying... which to me is the sign of an exceptional groomer.  They have aroma therapy candles lit and it's such a calm atmosphere, I'D love to stay and hang out.  Though my dogs aren't running in dying to get their hair cut, they are definitely more willing.  With three dogs, it's always a bit of process, but it's quick and painless for everyone.  and when i pick them up... QUIET.  they aren't barking and carrying on... nor is any other dog.  and it's a sweet quaint place -- where if they dogs weren't happy, you'd know.   They always send them home with a report card which such sweet little notes!  it makes me a proud mama because i know, they aren't always the easiest bunch.  their hair always looks wonderful and smells great.  you also can't beat the price for the extent of the services.  i've paid double for terrible cuts and poor handling of my littles.  All three dogs always look impeccable and are usually done within an hour or so.   they're AMAZING! :))
5	I don't even know how to express gratitude to this place! When you walk in its a cute little boutique with everything you need, and don't need, for your pet. It would be quite easy to bling up my puppy here if I chose to. But its also something to keep in mind for gifts.....But the main reason for the five stars is the customer service and the quality! My puppy has had two majorly traumatizing experiences at a previous groomer where she got sick, just would sleep in her bed and wouldn't eat for 2-3 days after both times.  So they had a hard time grooming her as she fought them every step of the way.  However they did an AMAZING job as she looks like when we first got her.  We have taken her home for almost a week now and still no issues afterwards, she eats and has been playful and great. The lady in front of us even wanted to pick her own bows for her boyfriends football team and they brought her back, were patient with all her requests and got her what she wanted.The owners are there to greet you and the prices are excellent for all they do! My puppy came home with a cute bandana with a bow on it and my daughter now uses the bow for her dolls it was too cute to throw away, lol! love this place, definitely would recommend it and am going back!
1	Be aware!!!!   Took our dog in they cut him down to barely any hair...They even cut him with a razor.Never said a thing ......Now they refuse to pay for a vet bill.......When you go in the 1st time......they seem to be sooo nice....This was are 3rd time there.......Never again.......Now are dog has to be in pain because are there error......
5	I am SO happy I found this cute little pet grooming place! The staff is extremely knowledgable on how each type of dog should be cut and they are so nice!!! They make my dogs look like a million bucks every time I take them here. When you walk in the building, they have an adorable little store set up with leashes, toys, collars, ect. and off to the side you can see the dogs being groomed. The main reason I love this place is because of how quiet it is! EVERY time I go, there are a few dogs waiting to be groomed but they are all so peaceful and relaxed inside the kennels. My dogs get so excited when they see us pull in the drive way of this place. I highly recommend everyone to check this place out. You will NOT be disappointed!
3	falling less and less in love with this place... it's still super clean and calm and my dogs seem to always be treated well, but when i call to make appointments, they always make me feel like i'm inconveniencing them or they don't want me to come in.  usually when you don't feel welcome, you aren't.. but i don't know why i wouldn't be? they've never said my dogs have been a problem or anything.  i have 3 dogs, so i pay a pretty penny to get their cuts and i always tip well because treating them good is very important to me and i feel like they do, so i don't know what their deal is.  also the woman who is at the front desk when i go to drop off or pick up is always in suuuch a terrible mood and comes across very unhappy. i think her name is stacey. i'm sure she doesn't mean to, but it's like she hates her job or life or something.  i'm not sure, but she should work on her bedside manner, so to speak.   i've started to look for other groomers and as soon as i find one, i'll be switching.
5	I'm so picky about how my Yorkie, Sir Winston, is cut and they never fail to amaze me. He looks perfect everytime, and always comes home happy :)
1	Never, ever, ever will I come back to this place! The reception on the phone should have warned me. Upon arrival that same person who had answered the phone, Stacey was very standoffish and unwelcoming and borderline rude.  It's kinda dark with a nice display of items for sale but as they saying goes "everything shiny isn't gold" I've never been to a "dog spa" where my poor four-legged baby was so traumatized where she literally ran for the door when I put her down to put her leash on.  Her grooming service was mediocre at best! Her nails weren't filed and her anal glads weren't expressed. She was so exhausted and traumatized that she came home and had a nervous stomach which caused her a bout of diarrhea. Protect you babies. Beware.
5	I have been taking my babies here for a year now because they do a great job! Stacey is super nice and the price is right!!
