4	A lovely venue, and the food is fabulous, if somewhat overpriced at lunchtime. Be prepared to savour what you get, though - the service is s-l-o-w.
5	I fell out of The Stand late one night with a choice on my hands. Chippy or try 9 Cellars. I'm so glad I chose the later.Don't let the front fool you, this place is like the tardis. I'm not sure if there are 9 Cellars exactly but the place is huge.That's brings me to the restuarants biggest problem, it's always empty. Now I'm not saying the venue itself is lacking, but when there are no people around you do lose the atmosphere.The food is wonderful, I had Nalli Gosht and the lamb was perfect, cooked exactly right.  I also had half of my girlfriend's Lal Mass, this place makes me a bad boyfriend.Please visit, it deserves your custom.
2	I have to say I was disappointed when someone told me this was the best Indian in Edinburgh.  I wanted to try some Indian while I was in the UK since it's suppose to be better than what we have in the US.  I'm still confident UK Indian is better than the US but I will need another place to corroborate that.  On the plus side, the staff is really nice and attentive.
5	First of all, I confused myself, as I have been calling this place Indian Thali as I swear that is what it says above the door and not 9 Cellars! But! For a place that hides itself away next door to the Stand, you can easily miss it (as my friend has done, walking past it on a daily basis for years) but if you do, I suspect secretly you would regret it. It does do Thali - and has a separate menu for it. For up to thirteen pounds, you will be filled to sufficiency on some of the nicest Indian food in the area (if you read my reviews, then you might argue that I say that about nearly everywhere - or I just have good taste! Don't argue with me, I can't reply easily with words of an appropriate calibre on a review site) with a choice of 2 dishes along with daal, poori or chapatti, rice and pickles/raita. I don't recommend the poori, unless you are a lover of all things deep-fried. But the rest of my meal was fabulous - and the empty plates for all four of us with constant mumbles of delight proved how good it was. You may note that each dish is pretty tiny, but looks can be deceiving - all of us were stuffed by the end. If you have the vegetarian thali, I totally recommend the aubergine dish - it is smoky deliciousness with a good kick. The meat thali were successes as well - lamb rogan josh, chicken with spinach, butter chicken and so on...I almost forgot to mention the starters! Prawns marinaded lime and caron seeds and then deep fried - dry of oil and grease - the pakoras my dinner dates shared looked equally so. A special note of the main menu as well - had a lovely varied menu with lots of interesting dishes to try over and above your staple choices. All in all, if I had known this was called 9 Cellars in the first place, I would have known this was a gem from the Yelp reviews, not only with the standard of food we had but also in the service as well. As it happened, I didn't check Yelp, but I tried and loved it anyway. Sometimes it is good to be bold!
4	Dropping down a wee bit as my last visit took come edge off my ardour for 9 Cellars. Firstly, thali isn't served at the weekend (boo) so we had to choose from the main menu. The boy decided to try the chicken dosa, which he found lookwarm and not particularly tasteful.  Mainly disappointment fore than anything else. I tried a spinach, vegetable and dried fruit curry which was lacking in fruit. A stuffed parantha with spinach and garlic was also lacking in flavour. Service was spotty and - this is a personal gripe - why is it when a glass of water is ordered alongside an alcoholic drink, does the water always get omitted? Anyway, definitely less impressed - perhaps it was because it was busy, or I just prefer the thali experience, but I'm a little less enamoured now than I was before.
3	...and I slip further down the star scale. I'm just not as impressed as I was the first time I visited and I don't know why. The thali we had this time was burnt and too spicy for me. Dhaal watery and lacking in lentils. Rice overcooked enough to lose texture. Lime pickle that was as tough as old boots. Ajwani Jinga prawns, supposedly flavoured with lime juice and caron seeds, semi covered in breadcrumbs, mainly tasting of oil and prawn. I'm sad, but at the moment it's 2 fails out of 3. Service was on the otherhand getting warmer than previously experienced, but overall, I am less impressed than I would like to be.
