3	In contrast to Best Buy or Target, the salespeople working at HH Gregg seem like they have been there forever and have a lot of knowledge of the product.  My first time in I was approached by two people and they quickly let me browse after I let them know I was "just looking".  This is a pretty sparse store, not exactly warm and inviting, more like a warehouse.  But maybe that's how they keep the prices so low.  I was looking at flat screen TV's and Dyson vacuum cleaners and the prices matched the specials I'd seen online.  I'll be back to check 'em out again before I buy.
5	Bottom line: Larry knows his stuff.Bought a new (to us) house that is about 20 years old and needed new refrigerator, washer, and dryer.  The room for appliances isn't that great because of the older construction so it really limited our selection.  We had been shopping all day at Sears, Lowes, Home Depot, and Best Buy.... so we were a little tired but we really knew our stuff from talking to all the other sales reps.I was a little annoyed at HH Gregg at first because none of their little stickers had the dimensions on them.  Larry said they were all up in his head which annoyed me at first, but he knew (to the quarter inch) every single fridge's height, width, and depth.  So he showed us the only 3 fridges that would fit.  He was very knowledgeable.Because we had been shopping all day and took notes we noticed their prices were a little high.  I think their prices are high because they want you to barter on the prices and feel like you got a deal.Here is what they did.... Matched prices, took off extra 10% off of the difference between the prices, and then (possibly because of Memorial Day Weekend) gave us 5% off entire purchase, and gave 18 mo. interest free financing.  We also got free delivery (via mail in rebate) for everything.Overall.... very pleased with HH Greg and especially with Larry.I would recommend shopping around for sure.... just make sure that HH Gregg is your last stop rather than your first and you'll probably make your purchase at HH Gregg and save some money at the same time.
1	Wow. For a company that constantly talks about its commitment to customer service, I have to say, this is one of the most abysmal experiences I have ever had. After placing an order for in-store pick up, I promptly received an email indicating that I would receive an email within 72 hours, advising me of pick up availability. After five days, I tried to contact them: no dice. I emailed, tried to call (couldn't even get through), and used available social media channels to no avail. I tried calling again the next day, and was queued for 20 minutes before reaching a person -- who promptly put me on hold again to "research my order." And was basically told "whoops." No order delivery, no idea when I'd be made whole, no effort to resolve - and oh, by the by? My account had already been drafted of payment for the items they couldn't tell me when I'd receive. In my attempt to cancel the order, I was advised it would be seven to ten days to return my funds (yes, 7-10 days!). That was 15 days ago, the funds STILL haven't been returned, and when I called to try to resolve that, I was again told, basically  "oh, well. Can't help you." A singularly awful experience all the way around - and now, I guess I'm just out the money, since they refuse to provide any tracking or verification of the funds' alleged return to my account. Lovely.
5	We visited hhgregg today after shopping at sears, Home Depot, lowes and best buy for a washer / dryer. Hh Gregg was clean, well organized and Paul gave us amazing service. he price matched and we got other discounts making it the best deal around! Left with what we wanted, no hassle and great customer service! Thanks Paul!
2	Went here to get a wall mount for our TV.  Ni one greeted us or offered assistance.  Found what we needed then stood at the check out without acknowledgement.  The associate finally addressed us and went through the motions of checking us out.  Oh, and he was eating candy.  Rude.
1	Ask how HH Gregg stands behind their stuff. The answer is that after 30 days, it's not their problem. Five month old $2000 fridge has had three service calls, and you can't even request a service call on a Saturday. Call the store. Get transferred to Indiana. Get told, call back Monday.Unlike other retailers. HH Gregg seems to be in the business of one-and-done sales. Thankfully we had bought some appliances from Queen City too. They've now helped us with the fridge repairs, after HHG ran away from the problem. Point is, if you want sales AND service, go to Queen City instead.
1	Purchased a 60 inch Samsung plasma flatscreen 16 months ago and was persuaded to buy the 3 yr. extended warranty  for a very pricey $329.95.  10 days ago it stopped turning on. I have had the most frustrating, infuriating 10 days of a lifetime. I was finally able to get a technician that their warranty company arranged. He pronounced the tv unrepairable and reported to the company that it should be replaced. I have made phone call after phone call and the store manager, David Boyd, told me I was wasting my time talking to him! The warranty company and the corporate office keep putting me off and refusing to let me talk to anyone in authority.  It's beginning to look like I threw away $1400 . Beware!
