4	Great burgers... Fresh ingredients... Friendly staff... Adjacent to Fresh & Easy...  Love the Smash Fries (Rosemary, olive oil, and garlic)
2	The burgers were good and the meat they use is great. However, that being said, the fact that you get a burger, only a burger, and nothing but the burger for the money bugs! Any "sides" cost extra. The day we were there it was also VERY SLOW! On a Saturday afternoon, during the lunch hour, they had one person working the register taking orders with a line out the door and shouting, (while she took orders) "Welcome to Smash Burger" or "Thanks for coming to Smash Burger" every time the door opened for people to come in or to leave. We had the kids with us and the waiting time was insane not only to order, but also to get our food. Not a good place to take young children when you need to be in and out with hungry children with short attention spans. Probably won't be going back when we can get faster service and more food for the money elsewhere.
4	Went to the Centennial location last week, just to try it out.  Pretty bold move, placing it right across the street from In n Out, but from what I can tell, they are totally different burger joints and will appeal to different folks.I LOVE hamburgers, but don't eat them very often. I try not to each cheese, mayo, and egg yellows, and avoid cholesterol-laden foods as often as possible. However, sometimes you just have to go for it, so i ordered the 1/2 lb Sin City, complete with bacon, cheese, grilled AND fried onions, and of course, the fried egg.  It was one of the best burgers I've had in quite a while!  I added sweet potato fries, which worked really well with this burger.  I can't wait to eat here again.TIP: use the paper that the burger is served on to hold your burger. It contains the grease that oozes out, and helps keep the burger contents from falling out.
2	Always looking for a better burger, I was encouraged by the buzz on this place. This will be a real quick review, not some long winded piece of too much information.Service wasn't very good. 2 out of 3 burgers came out wrong. Sent one of them back twice because they didn't believe (or couldn't believe) that is wasn't prepared as ordered.Bad way to start off a first time visit. The fries, in my opinion, were too limp and not crispy enough for my tastes.The burgers were actually good, tasty meat and good quality buns but my 2 start rating is because the whole experience wasn't very good.
4	Smash Burger you must have a giganotor sized wang to put a location literally 30 feet away from In-n-Out. Which if you have read my previous reviews you would happen to know that I am a self proclaimed burger connoisseur and In-N-Out loyalist, but any way enough about In-N-Out and back to Smash's gigantic throbbing burger dong.  I mean this thing must be huge, brontosaurus like, mounted somewhere at the bottom of the restaurants foundation penetrating deep into the dry, rocky desert soil, sodomizing the earths crust. Where it rest in solitude a sleeping giant waiting for Odins raven to wake it on Ragnarok.So with that being said out of respect for the sheer girth and size of Smash Burgers wiener I decided to give them a shot and see what all the hype was about.  I was under the impression it was going to be more a long the lines of a gourmet burger joint. Which already put it in a negative lite for me do to the fact that the words gourmet and burger should never be in conjunction with one another. Upon arrival my previous misconceptions went quickly out the window.  My wife ordered the Sin City Burger 1/3 lb patty, cheese, fried egg, hay stack onions and bacon, this beast was pretty damn good.  In lieu of recent events my wife described it as being perfect pregnant lady food.  I ordered the Spicy Baja Burger which was topped with pepper jack cheese, jalapenos, guacamole and chipotle mayo. Don't get me wrong it was a decent burger, however there was no "wow" factor.  Lets just say I wouldn't order it again.  Good but not great.  Now lets get to the high lite of the meal...DEEP FRIED PICKLES. These things were off the chain.  The serving size was smaller than I would have like to see, however they were still amazing.  So if you're looking for a better quality burger with more flavor options that your typical sh*tty McDonalds or Burger King, and don't mind paying for it, take a ride to Smash Burger you won't be disappointed. However, with it being in such close proximity to In-N-Out I'll take a double double.
3	I thought I'd deviate from the normal visit of In & Out Burger. The food is nothing to rave about. The burger was the typical burger and I was impressed with the smash fries.
5	I love SmashBurger! Everything I have ever had there has been amazing, especially their shakes! And its nice to have one so close to the house :)
2	Finally got over to Smashburger to see what the fuss was about. Too bad after eating, I still wasn't quite sure. Color me unimpressed.Ordered the 1/3lb  Spicy Baja, the bun was dry, the meat  was overdone and flavorless, and the predominant taste was the chipotle mayo. Not too good, in my opinion. My husband made the better choice with the Avocado Club burger. His multi-grain bun was pretty good, his 1/2lb burger was juicier, too.We also ordered the sweet potato fries which were inedible. They weren't crisp in the least bit. Just soaked in oil. A huge disappointment. I'm usually a big fan of sweet potato fries. The haystack onions weren't much better they were super greasy, too.Give me a double double & fries anyday.
4	I have now visited our local Smash Burger 4 times. I wanted to get a good feel for the menu/service/food quality before I weighed in on the place. After reading some of the previous reviews I could agree that they had their share of the "newbies" at this store. In the beginning I think they were working out the bugs and service and food quality was not where it is today. I ordered the Baja 1/2 lbr now twice. I do like this burger because I am a spicy food fan and it is pretty darn good. I believe the 1/2 lb is the way to go as the burgers are much juicier. The last time in I had the Sin City which is now my favorite. Again I would say the 1/2 version to avoid running into a dry burger. The wild card seems to be the Smash Fries. It really depends on the time of day as to how good they come out. I am running about 50/50 good to bad. If you are blessed enough to get a fresh batch then the olive oil/garlic/rosemary fries are great. But if you get them in the middle of a rush or a slow afternoon while they have had a chance to sit...not so good. My wife always grabs the Mushroom/Swiss burger and I always sneak in for a bite. It is also VERY good. I have not run into the greasy issue that has been claimed in previous reviews (mainly because we always dine-in rather than attempt to bring home one of these big ol burgers) Overall they are improving but really would like to see them consistant across the board. Still a really good burger
2	The burgers aren't bad, they are in fact quite tasty. The part of the meal I want to complain about is the side. The sweet potato smashfries were such a small portion it was ridiculous. The fries were also extremely greasy and limp. I don't know if it's the oil, the length they cook them for or what, but they are just heavy and inedible. I had the same experience at the smashburger by my work, so I think it's the same at all of them now. For a much cheaper meal I will be going across the street for a much tastier side of fries with my IN-N-OUT Burger meal.
2	Yes, the burgers are huge, but nothing really awe inspiring.  I got the Sin city burger.  The egg in it added a nice extra taste, and the meat was cooked so the juices still flowed in it.  I have to say though, the burger was really really salty.  Yes, there was bacon, but it tasted like the bacon had an extra layer of salt on it.  The sweet potato fries were really greasy, but at least they were tasty.  Overall, I think this place is way overpriced for a measly gourmet burger.  An In N Out double double provides a better satisfaction rating, and at half the cost.
2	I won't be back.  The burger was OK, (I would rather have a In-n-out burger across the street) my son got the fried pickles and they were terrible.  I got the Fried veggies and the portion size was comical for the $3 they charged me.  Overall, it is overpriced and not very good.  Go across the street to In-N-Out, you will have a better meal and pay half the $.
3	I am not sure of the surprise by many that this place opened up so close to In N Out as many retailers/restaurants move next to their competition. These burgers are competitively priced compared to other "gourmet" burger joints. The SmashBurger was good and I would suggest you give the Smashfires with rosemary and olive oil a try.
4	Due to their competing locations across the street from each other, the choice is Smash or INO. I'd go smash for the wild difference. Classic burger: INO. Something unusual and very good: Smash. Good prices, friendly staff, and clean clean clean. I would defiantly go back for a Sin City (hold the egg). Rosemary fries are unusual but very good. No ketchup needed.Kids menu items are big. 5 and 7 yr olds could've shared one burger and fry.
4	The burgers are juicy and delicious.  I get the 1LB patty with bacon and cheese.  The sweet potato fries are amazing.  Restaurant is clean and staff is friendly.  In my opinion they have the best fast food burgers in Las Vegas.  I would go there more often but this is the closest to me and its still a bit of a drive.  I hope they open more.
5	If only I could get the SIn City Burger (with no sauce, please) in San Diego!  That burger rocks.  I like the fried pickles, chili, veggie frites, and heavenly chocolate shake.  I don't like the fries (put chili on them instead of that extra oil and I'd be a fan).  I wish you could get the fried egg a little less done.  I'll be back again and again, though.
5	Of all the Smashburger locations in Las Vegas this one is the best! The food is really really good but the customer service of this location is what sets them apart, they are WONDERFUL!
4	Our lovely friends brought my BF and I to this spot last night. I read the yelp reviews before committing, but am so glad I ate here!  We ordered 2 Sin City burgers, the sweet potato smash fries, fried pickles, french fries and onion strings, chocolate milk shake. My BF and I loved the burger!!!  It's pretty salty, but if you can get past that, it's one of the best burgers you'll ever eat. The meat leaks of juice and flavor; the egg is perfect.  Everything about it is mouth-watering greatness.Stay away from the pickles - major fail. Milk shake - the bomb. Made of Haagan Daz ice cream!We ate some of our friend's smash fries which were tasty.If this place was closer to the strip, I can guarantee that it'd make buco-bucks.
4	I've had both the burger and the chicken sandwich here, and I think they're delicious! They are quite seasoned, and don't taste like anyone else's food.  I also love the Smash fries, which have rosemary - unique and delicious!  I'm also always a fan of burger joints that sell Oreo milkshakes. They just go together! This place is usually pretty packed, which means a short-ish wait to order, a medium wait for your food to come out, and the occasional wait for a clean table.  They certainly make the most of their small storefront, which means the tables are a bit crammed together.  Not the place for a private meal.  All in all, i love this place for the food! And really, I can't complain that they're busy, because that just means they'll probably stick around!
3	The burgers are great but the prices are a bit unreasonable. But if you don't mind spending more than $6 for a burger (which btw does not include fries or a drink) then this place is for you!
5	Excellent!!I had to do a layover on my way to Georgia and stayed at a friend's house.  I asked their daughter where is good to eat and she brought me here.I was amazed. Californians love In-N-Out but I'm not a die-hard fan of them. I can take or leave them. Smashburger by far surpasses In-n-Out in my book. (sorry fanatics)The burger was juicy and big. The seasoning was unique. The fries were yummy. I had a chocolate shake and it was nice and thick.Recommend and will visit next time in Vegas for sure.
5	Sorry In-N-Out, but I've found a new lover. Even though In-N-Out is just across the street, SmashBurger blows their burgers away! Many more choices, but they same homemade burger taste. You won't see a Wendy's square or fast food circle burger here! They are handcrafted and delicious! I had the Sin City burger, hold the onions, add avocado and a side of the Sweet Potato Smashfries. Ammmmmaaazing. Plenty of outdoor and indoor seating, friendly service and fast service. Served up like a $$$$ restaurant but with a laid back vibe. I'm kind of glad its not too close to my house or I'd have a serious addiction! Definitely the BEST burger I've had in Las Vegas. I LOVE THEM! Now if they just had a pastrami burger, I'd have to marry them.
4	Well, this is the place that got Centennial Toyota a star... it was that good! I admit that I'm an In N Out guy so I may be a little biased when it comes to burger places... but this place is a close second to In N Out. I give Smash Burger higher marks then "5 Guys" because there is something about their burgers that stand out and is unique. I loved the egg buns and the Smash sauce was good, not quite In N Out's spread good but we were inspired to take my Girlfriends Dad back to Smash Burger the next day to try one. I loved that there were options when it came to sides, Smash Fries were ok, regular fries were better and the Onion Strings were awesome! Fries wise, SmashBurger has both 5 guys and In N Out beat! Bonus points for having Cherry Coke (that worked) and Milk Shakes rather then peanuts. However, two people for lunch was just over $20 vs In N Out being about $12 so the value is still better at In N Out. I would say this, if Vegas didn't have an In N Out I would be just fine having Smash Burger as my substitute.
2	Greasy, tasteless burgers that are overpriced. I tried it once, won't be back for more.
1	I was really up on this place when it first opened - great hamburger. But I have to say that it has progressively really gone downhill fast. I have eaten here at least a half a dozen times now and it gets worse every time. The biggest problem is the service. The cashiers and servers seem completely disconnected and disinterested. Twice our food sat in the window waiting while the workers were simply screwing around and not paying attention. I'm not sure what they are paying their help but they should think of upping the wage to get some qualified people. Pretty sad. Not sure I will be back.
3	I must admit, that prior to dining at Smashburger, I was a little irked, considering that it seems like every Smashburger I've seen has been built extremely close to In N' Out, a burger chain that is extremely dear to my heart (both in terms of sentiment and the plaque building in my arteries because of those damned delicious double doubles).  However, outright audacity aside, I had also been curious for a while, as I'm a girl who enjoys a good burger, no matter the source.  So, off I went.I ordered the BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger, and my companion ordered the All American Burger.  We also ordered the sweet potato fries and the regular fries.  It did take a bit to get our food, even though there weren't many people there.  I must also say that I wasn't pleased with the prices -- It's kind of ridiculous for two people to spend 18 dollars on hamburgers and fries (we didn't get drinks, either) when it's not even a sit-down restaurant with some sense of atmosphere.  Anyway.  Back to the food.  I had mixed feelings about my burger.  The BBQ sauce was pretty good, as was the bun.  However, the bacon, sadly, was pretty scarce, as were the fried onions that accompanied the burger.  Also, the patty, while juicy and a good size, was really, really salty, almost too salty for my liking (and trust me, I'm not a gal that shies away from sodium).  I sort of felt like this was a hamburger that I could make myself at home, which also contributed to the feeling of, "Why the hell does this cost so much" that lingered throughout my meal.  My companion's burger was fine in the sense that it was what we ordered and in the neighborhood of what I expected, but was also very salty.  The burgers were also pretty greasy, which was kind of a turn-off for me.  I had mixed feelings about the fries.  The regular fries were fine, although they could have used a little bit more garlic.  The sweet potato fries, however, were a huge disappointment and left me fantasizing about the goodness that is Create's sweet potato fries.  The rosemary just wasn't working for me with the sweet potato fries, and they were so, so oily, that I was pretty disgusted when I worked my way down to the bottom of my fry holder and there was a huge puddle of grease/oil (which, strangely, wasn't the case with the regular fries).This place was... okay.  It wasn't awful, but it wasn't great, either.  Nothing really jumped out at me during my visit, and I kind of felt like I'd been had.  I'm glad I tried it, but honestly, for the money I dropped here, I'd rather have spent that money somewhere else (i.e., burger bar, create, bachi burger, etc.).  I won't be back any time soon.
4	I love Smash Burger!!!!When I heard that for a limited time they have grilled cheese I had to get my butt over there and try it out. This location is right near my work and seems smaller than the other Smash Burgers but still looks like your standard Smash Burger. So there it was on a sign near the cashier "Grilled Cheese"I ordered the grilled cheese that had spinach and mushrooms in it (I asked to have grilled onions added also) . Now, right away I knew it looked too oily/buttery. But I started to eat one half and it was still acceptable- it was good but just too darn buttery. When I picked up the other half butter was oozing out of the bread dripping down my arm. I instantly felt like if I continued to eat this it would be my last meal on earth as I would die from a clogged artery or heart attack. I returned it and the server gladly without hesitating had my grilled cheese remade correctly. They should add grilled cheese to their regular menu normally and I'm not talking about their kid's menu cause grown-ups enjoy grilled cheese also!!!!So I would recommend having them go easy on the butter and going hard on the love....Awww.....I love Smash Burger!!!!!
1	Just go to Inn& Out across the street. It will save you money, time, a bad stomach ache and a terrible yelp review.
4	Very flavorfull and tasty. I had a sin city burger and loved it. A little heavy for my taste but still very good. The sweet potato smashfries are good but could be less greasy. 4 stars for the taste. -1 star for the health factor.
3	Amended review... I still love their food but kind of annoyed by how many employees the have standing around doing nothing while they only have one person taking orders. Every time. Dear manager: you have two registers... Please use them.  Sincerely yours... The customer.
3	So, after all the fuss, we've tried it three times now and it's really just "OK".   The fries have been pretty gross and soggy and undercooked everytime, don't like the rosemary and oil on the garlic fries.  I do really like the Spicy Baja Burger, but it is inconsistent.  My husband loves the Sin City Burger. It is $30 to feed two adults and two kids with just one order of fries and one drink, so if we really are wanting a smash burger, we no longer waste time/money on the fries and drinks.  I also don't understand why they put each burger into a seperate bag, and then all of those bags into one gigantic bag - perhaps the prices would come down to normal if they wasted less paper, and it would be much better for the environment.   I have to throw so much garbage away when we eat there! One final complaint, the bathrooms were nasty when we went in last time, seems like there are a lot of people working there, some of them should be assigned to keeping things clean!  It's a good thing the burgers are pretty good, it's the only thing that saved my review.
4	The burgers are overly greasy which is totally gross, but they are so good with fried pickles, it can not be denied.  I always get the Vegas burger with pickles.
4	I love SmashBurger!  I really do!  I was craving a juicy and delicious burger...There was no question where we were going.  We just happened to be on this side of town and stopped into this location.  I really liked it.  They have a great outdoor seating area.  The inside seems a little smaller than the UNLV location.  Staff was very friendly and service was quick.  If we're on this side of town and in the mood for a burger, I'm sure we'd stop in here again.
4	I think of this place as a high end burger place.  The burgers are ALWAYS great and fresh tasting.  The fries with rosemary seasoning and the sweet potato fries are a great twist.  I know it is crazy, but I love the wedge salad too.  The only downside is the outdoor seating seems to get forgotten where cleaning is concerned and there always seems to be a homeless person asking for money in the parking lot and they walk up to us every time we sit outside.  Stay inside & everything should be fine.Ha.
3	SMASH Burger is different from a traditional Fast Food Franchise because the serve alcohol. As far as the food, I was more excited about what toppings to add on my Burger than the taste. The meat is Dry not Juicy. (HINT: SMASH Burger) So if you like a fully cooked Burger this is the place. Also you wont go wrong by ordering their Shakes.
4	The food is great, but they could stand to have a few more salad options. Even a turkey burger would be nice.
4	this place has some yummy tasting burgers!!! we've tried a few spots around town (5 guys, in & out, fatburger, johnny rockets, etc) but this might be one of the best burgers i've had in a long time... i created my own burger with pickles, lettuce, mustard, mayo, pepper jack cheese, and a fried egg on top! DELICIOUS!! the fries weren't too bad... my bf & i got out of there under $18 :) not bad.... we will definitely be going back!!
4	SmashBurger, what's in a name like SmashBurger. On first consideration I thought maybe when you get it to go the drop the bag and step on it: SmashBurger. Or if you get it for dine in the drop your plate in front of you and provide bibs or something: SmashBurger. But certainly it would not be that they smash the burger on the grill, which would be unthinkable, right? Nope, that is exactly what they do.Anyone who knows burgers knows that you do not smash a burger onto a grill. While you'll end up with a nice brown maillard (pronounced: my-yard) effect crust, this sear DOES NOT lock in juices. If anything it will make a burger taste greasy. If a seared burger is juicy it is because the juices have not had a chance to move out so eat it fast. Also, to get that crust requires a pretty hefty application of some salt so that should be considered. So a SmashBurger has to get on and off the fry surface fast otherwise there will be little left to serve. You will also notice how thin they are, this thinness is required for that speed.Burger 101 Primer (for those interested): A 1/3 lb. burger patty should be 5/8 inch thick or there abouts (1/2 lb. slightly thicker) and applied to a lightly buttered fry surface (I like about 400 degrees). The rule is you flip your burger ONLY ONCE, hence knowing when to flip is key. Most chefs should shoot for medium rare or just medium doneness. For a medium rare burger you will make your flip when the first juices start to come to the top and run. Flip it and when that same thing happens on the other side you are done (first side is 1.5-2 minutes and the second side generally 30 seconds less). For medium you cook the burger until you see some blood with the juices, then flip and cook till it does the same thing on the other side (first side is 2-2.5 minutes and the second side generally 30 seconds less). In both cases the burgers should rest for a minute before plating. As for anything beyond medium, cook away. If you see totally clear juicy running you are medium well to well done. And if you cook it to where there are no juices at all, well, you have reached hockey puck. At no time do you ever press the burger (that only releases juices that are the goodness) or "peek" by cutting into the center to see how done it is. You will notice that this method does not require knowing temps and cook times, just what to expect as cooking a burger and this makes it very effective. Of course what is a burger without a bun.When selecting a bun for a burger you should find one that is hefty enough for the burger you are going to slide into to it. Your average cheap market bun will be fine for your run of the mill 1/6 pound to 1/4 pound burger. Put anything larger on it and you risk the dreaded soggy bun (because we are looking for a juicy burger). For a larger burger find a bun that is stiffer and be sure to cut the heel thicker than you normally would. In any case, butter the bun lightly and put them open face down on the fry surface until it is well toasted. This is important because this crust will act as a barrier to keep too much of the juice out of the bun. When applying sauces (Mayo, Russian, Mustard, Catsup, whatever) they should be next to the bun (again, acting as a barrier from the hot juice of the burger.) Stacking your burger is an art in and of itself and I will let you experiment with your order for burger perfection. But, here is my stack order of a bacon cheddar burger with grilled onions: The heel of the burger, generous mayo, the burger, the cheese, the bacon, grilled onions, always light on the lettuce, a slice of tomato (optional) and then BBQ sauce on the crown bun. Oh that is a good burger. Notice how the flavors are stacked to meld, especially the mayo on the bottom where the juice of the burger mixes with the mayo to make a very tasty sauce. Burger 101 over.So, we have a "charred" burger that is greasy (but that is not all bad) on a bun that holds up (this surprised the heck out of me because this is where most burger joints fail.) As opposed to other chains you can actually taste the burger (but eat it fast for best taste). The sides are slightly kicked up locally sourced product (US Foods, SYSCO (I asked)) which means they are not bad, but like everyone else so there is really nothing to write home about.Apparently "clean" is in these days as the dine-in room was spotless and employees always looking to clean, very nice. And while the store layout is cookie cutter (with a few awkward pinch points in the traffic flow) it is pleasant. The noise level was more than acceptable and you could have a conversation without shouting.One thing though, like a lot of these new trendy burger places you are going to need to bring some cash. My wife and I dined and the bill was $20.00, and for burgers that is a little high. Still, if I was in the area and wanted a burger for lunch or dinner I may well consider this place again and that should tell you something.
1	The food was ok but the customer service was terrible. When we ordered she seemed irritated to add a shake to our order; are you kidding me, it's a freaking shake and a button away. Then the people behind us got all of their orders including their shake before we did and when I asked the girl at the front where my shake was, she said they were making it. Literally 20 minutes later the girl came out with my shake and walked right past my table and looked outside and finally actually looked and found my tall number on my table. This place is full of nothing but rude and ditzy people. Will NOT be returning to smash burger.
3	Burgers are ok. Fries are to plain with no taste but over it's an ok place to eat. Great friendly service.
2	When Smashburger opened up in this location my first thought was, "They must really have some b@lls to open up across the street from In-N-Out." My initial visit was pleasing. I think it's because I really did not finish the burger. I was all about the huge vanilla milkshake. Yum. The smashfries were not bad but the olive oil was a bit excessive, so much that it was dripping off the fries when I picked them up. Thank the stars for absorbent napkins.The subsequent visit after that was a grilled cheese. Good, but come on, it's a grilled cheese ... And there was one more visit in between that where the dots began before they finally connected.Now the important visit was my very last time. The reason I say last time is that we are probably never going to go to Smashburger again. The salt, oh my goodness, the salt. In the middle of noshing on my burger, I suddenly stopped and said, "I can't eat this, it's so salty." Then I remembered the time before, I had felt so bad after eating. Bing! Light bulb goes off. I don't enjoy high blood pressure. Verdict: No Smashbuger ever again.
5	Love the 1/3 burger on a multi grain bun with blue cheese, jalapeno, pickles, lettuce and tomatoes. Plus fried pickles. Then I get the drink in a to-go cup. Fresh brewed ice tea. Great haagen daus shakes.
4	Kinda like a Cane's but burgers instead of chicken. We stopped by right when they opened around 10:30a so it was nice and quiet and still clean. The cashier/server was nice and patient with us. Got the Sin City Burger with sweet potato fries and a bowl of chili. The burger was a bit messy, but they were nice enough to cut it for me and my bf to share. There's this flavor about the sweet potato fries that was awesome! Not the usual stuff, i dunno. But the chili was disappointing. Overall, though, good experience. I'd go back, but I gotta watch the waistline and I got too many places to explore.
4	I've been wanting to go here for a minute now. I got good to great reviews for this place through word of mouth. I wish I didn't wait this long after going here for lunch today.I was told to get the Classic SmashBurger, but I opt for the Sin City Burger. Comes with a fried egg, applewood smoked BACON (FOR REALLY DOE?!?), American cheese, grilled onions, haystack onions, and Smash Sauce on an egg bun (The egg bun is right up there with potato buns yallz).  This was a gangsterish burger. I will definately try the other burgers but with some extra toppings which you can opt for. Nice SmashBurger!!! :)All in all, this was a great experience. The price was not crazy and the burger was solid. The Sin City Burger was nicely put together. Thanks Chicago!!! 4 Stars. EYE LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!! :D
5	Wow.  Perhaps just the best burger I have ever had.  Mushroom swiss with sweet potato fries and fried pickles.  Service was good, the staff was very friendly and I liked that there were tables available outside.  My diet won't allow me to come back as often as I would like but I WILL  be back!!  Tasty.
3	The burgers are tasty and chili was meaty, more so than I anticipated. Good place to go for fresh ingredients and quick bite to eat.
4	Good quality burgers and yummy chili fries.With all the options for a semi-fast food burger in town, SmashBurger is among the top.
4	well the drive was worth it ....i got this crazy burger with fried egg on it....sounds weird...but it was amazing along with sweet potato fries it was a meal i had to go to the gym after....
4	Great burger. Got the American  and tegular fries  burger was very juicy and flavorful. Hubby had the classic with  smash fries. He thoroughly enjoyed it. Next time we will only get one order of fries as there were plenty to share.
4	SmashBurger is um, well, awesome. They don't skimp here serving only the biggest, most mouth-watering burgers around. I like to go in and get the Sin City Burger. It's a nice, big 1/2 pound cheeseburger with a hot, sizzling egg mmmm. Drop in a side of Smash Fries (thin french fries drenched in olive oil) and the best chocolate shake you'll find in a suburb, and you're good to go. Maybe a Dr Pepper to wash it all down with too!  SmashBurger also serves up hot dogs and a few other options if there is something wrong with you and for some reason you don't want a huge wad of man meat in your mouth!  And please don't go here and try to compare this to In n Out across the street, they are two very different burgers, very different places. They each have their own incredible qualities. I take one star off for the little-too-steep price and hours, only open till 10pm.
3	SmashBurger's burgers are delicious, but their Veggie burger is not the greatest. I love me my meat but I was craving for a veggie burger. So I decided to get the mushroom swiss with a veggie burger. SmashBurger needs to work on their veggie burger because while I was eating it, it was falling apart and it was to soft. I noticed that the veggie burger had black beans pressed with some veggies (I hope). You have to try their chocolate malt shake because it does have some chunks or chocolate malt which makes it so delicious. Their Smash fries are one of the best fries I have ever tried. I also recommend trying their Sin City Burger (if you like egg with your burger).
5	Daughter and I went there on New Year's Day in the evening.  No wait.  Ordered at the deli-style counter.  Hard to choose as everything looked so good.  I went with the mushroom n swiss but added bleu cheese.  chose the fried onion rings as my side.  My daughter chose the bbq, bacon and cheddar I think with the smash fries.  They were pretty good but not as good as my onion rings.  the onion rings were super skinny and fried to perfection.  YUM.  The offered a good beer with it.  Service was good.  Size of food was good and price was great.  So for that, 5 stars and I WILL be going back!!!
5	Awesome burgers, a little pricey but definately worth it!
2	was in the area so decided to check out Smashburger.  I went in before the lunch rush so can't judge how the service was, the place was empty around 11am. Looked clean although there was some noise going on - an employee banging on something, have no idea what it was, a machine or icemaker or something.  Who knows?  Anyway, I chose the BBQ burger with bacon and cheese. Regular size. Also had a side of haystack onions. Order was done quickly and took it to go.  Okay, here's my opinion on this burger.  I liked the bun - a nice change from the typical fast food bun, so that was nice.  The bacon had a nice flavor, and I thought the burger itself was well balanced in terms of BBQ, cheese and onions (maybe a bit low on onions but not too bad).  Here's the bad part:  my burger was pink in places. I was not asked how I wanted it cooked, and definitely would have had it well done as I do NOT eat hamburger meat with ANY pink in it whatsoever.  (and yes, a burger can be cooked well done without drying out, if I can do it at home for myself, a professional cook ought to be able to).  So, I was unhappy and grossed out by the pink areas. Various people have said the food is greasy.  I didn't find that to be a problem.  In fact, I like a burger with a bit of grease sheen, so that was a plus for me. I did find the haystack onions to be on the salty side.  Not horribly so but a bit more saltiness than I would like (was rather thirsty after finishing the meal).  The meat itself in the burger didn't taste all that wonderful.  Just so so, a bit more quality than a typical fast food McD's type thing, but not soooo much that it knocked me out.  There were bites that just didn't taste that wonderful.  And every now and then the haystack onions had a bit "off" flavor also (like old oil).  Would I go here again?  Probably not.  If they lowered everything on the menu by a dollar, maybe.  I understand what they are aiming for, a somewhat higher quality burger than fast food, but until they can cook a burger without leaving pink in it, I would never eat here again.  It's a shame because they are on the right track somewhat, but like so many places, they aren't quite there, and in this economy, leaving with a bill of over $8.00 for one person, for two items, is probably not going to bring back a lot of people.  They seemed friendly from the way I was greeted, so no complaints there, but like I say, it was early in the day and no one else was there.  I'd like them to succeed but at lower prices and fully COOKING the meat, then they might get a loyal customer :)
4	Had my first Smash Burger while on a road trip in Vegas, and it was great.  Haystack onions and sweet potato fries ruled!
4	Had my first Smash Burger while on a road trip in Vegas, and it was great.  Haystack onions and crispy sweet potato fries with rosemary rocked!
3	decent... i had the "sin city" burger. i liked it very much. my wife had a classic which i didnt like but i'm not sure what she had on it. she liked it so i guess thats what counts. the sweet potato fries werent that great. i didnt like the way they were seasoned. the regular fries were ok. all in all it was pretty good. its better than most fast food burgers....
4	Pricey, but so so yummy! Try the Sin City Burger-it's got fried egg and bacon-how can you go wrong with that? I also love their sweet potato fries-hubby gets their fried pickles. Expensive to feed the whole family there, though.
5	This place was pretty good. I loved their burgers. You can customize your burger in any kind of way. The signature Sin City Burger is pretty good and their chicken burgers are my gf's favorite. Try their sweet potato fries if you are never had it before. It is pretty legit in the beginning but becomes a little too much after a while. Their regular fries seems to have onions on them so they are not your average fast food place fries. Overall, nice place to have a quick meal. Not entirely a sit down place but definitely better than most of the fast food places. Btw, their salad isn't very bad either. But really, how good can a salad be?
4	Came here today for lunch and it has to be one of the best burgers I've had in a while! The mushroom & swiss smashburger was the best as well as Sin City and the Classic. *Disclaimer I did not eat all three of these burgers in one sitting, my parents had gone with me and enjoyed the meal as well. Decent prices and large portions most definitely would come here again.
4	Amazing place - It's just a small little fast food joint at first, but once you get a look at the menu and have some of their food, you know it's special. You can get your burger in one of dozens of different arrangements - you can go healthy with a veggie patty (not as good as it should have been) or grilled chicken, or have a fried chicken or a smashed (hence the name) beef patty with any and all toppings. Where it really gets fun are the side dishes. Their chili is made from their lean burger beef and is very good. They also have rosemary fries, sweet potato fries, veggie frites (non-breaded carrots, green beans and asparagus pan fried and seasoned), fried pickle slices (my personal fave) and several other choices. Drinks are self-serve so you can have all the refills you need to wash down the goodness.Very sweet people, without fail. Every time I've been in, the people working there are friendly and fun.
5	Awesome as always  Love the smaller version
5	delish!!
3	It was alright but i find the burgers to be bland. The root beer float was delicious.
4	Another great place for an excellent tasting burger! About $6.00 for a 1/3 pound burger and $8.00 for a 1/2 pound burger, and many options for your burger.  Smash Burger has a few options for side items too. But their signature side items are the smash fries or sweet potato fries. The smash fries are amazing and will set you back a mere $1.99. Altogether a meal set me back around $10.00. Pretty comparable to other "gourmet burger" joints like Five Guys.
4	I'm not a $7 burger kind of guy. Making a good hamburger is one of the easiest things in the world to do. But every once in a while you are out shopping, feeling lazy, and walk into the first burger place you find. SmashBurger serves very good $7 burgers. You can choose from a variety of topping, cheeses, buns. There are also hot dogs, chili fries, and salads to choose from. Go on-line to the website, sigh up for their promo offers, and within a day you will get a BO-GO coupon. Like them on Face book and you will receive more BO-GO offers. That brings the price down to $3.50 a burger, and that's the most a burger should ever cost. I'm feeling like a cheep old man here. I went for the BigSmash with blue cheese, and a side of sweet potato fries. Grub!
2	Nice try but smash did not make the list.. I was stoked from the pictures but I left disappointed.. I always look inside my burger and if it's not oozing with cheese or overflowing with toppings, then it ain't a burger..I ordered the mushroom swiss burger with smash fries and sweet potato fries. The burger had 8 pieces of mushrooms, the meat was dry, the smash fries tasted good in the chili, and the sweet potato fries were not so sweet.
5	This place is AMAZING! I repeat, AMAZING! Lmao. The sin city burger is SOOOOO delicious! The meat was very juicy, but not greasy. My first bite into the burger was an explosion of flavor. It was so good, I didn't wanna finish it. Lol. So hard to find a good burger place nowadays.
4	SmashBurger didn't disappoint, the atmosphere was friendly and the food was good.  I also recommend the sweet potatoe fries and chocolate malt.
2	I'm a burger FANATIC...So I was very happy when this location opened. Sadly, I probably wont be back. Seems like the sauteed onions, pickles, mayo, etc tasted better than the meat. Just a greasy, season-less piece of meat. Fries were not good, although my daughter enjoyed her sweet potato fries. Only goo dthing was the Hageen-Daaz strawberry shake...YUM-O (in my Rachel Ray voice)...Sorry SmashBurger...
5	This is a burger that could spawn a dramatic increase in American Obesity. I got the Sin City Burger with Cheddar. It was better than all the pretenders: In N Out, Five Guys, Red Robin, even the Mighty Midwest Culvers. It was perfectly balanced, full of excellent everything, and glorious in every way. Every way. Even unwrapping it the stuff that fell out (glorious melty cheese, fresh grilled onions...) was spectacular.The smash fries were pretty solid. Probably would have been improved by condiments. Price was excellent. Burger came out in five minutes, everyone was nice and I could have had a beer. Perfection in a burger joint. Perfection.This is the best burger I have ever had, anywhere, at any price. I don't want to eat other food anymore. I just want to live here.
4	This is a solid fast food burger.I always "build my own" and add on everything I like...I really enjoy the bread options especially the chipotle bread...so much flavor and spice.The bread really helps make the sandwich whole.  The "smashed" concept works, but no big deal to me....Customizing it from top to bottom is.The fries are also very tastey, has some garlic/herbs/oil combination that works well and doesn't feel heavy and salty.Service is pretty good as well...fast and friendly.Give it a shot!
4	At first I was the typical In N Out fan complaining that this place was going to be over priced and mediocre- aka, not as good as In N Out. I was COMPLETELY wrong about that. This is place has hands down the best black bean burger I have ever eaten- it's actually slightly addictive. I go with the build your own black bean burger and love it. The sides you can get are excellent too, they have a very decent selection from four kinds of fries to veggies and fried pickles. The prices are about the same as In N Out depending on what you get.
3	Last visit: Tue 11 Dec 2012 3PAlright. I was delaying my review of SmashBurger since I am pretty certain I am going to be relegated to come here often. The service is outstanding. Truly. A gem. In-N-Out-esque; no doubt about it. Now the burgers are another thing though.So far I have tried four different burgers and they are not In-N-Out-esque. Really, it is unfair to compare since they are completely different, but they are across the street from each other (at multiple locations, incl. Centennial). Yelp check-in offer (10% off) helps a little, but SmashBurger is still strangely over*priced when their competitor has superior, better priced product just across the street. I cannot recall which burgers I got when, but what I can say is that they were underwhelming subpar for how much SB charges. And the atmosphere with all the damn school aged children everywhere; not exactly a positive. Back to the burgers: BBQ, Bacon, Cheddar:Ordered it with avocado and they thought that meant three tiny slivers of aquacate. Since I got a respectable amount of avocado in the Avocado Club, I figured for the 1$ add-on I would get the same amount. Wrong. It was very cold, as if it was just taken out of refrigeration right before being placed on my bun. Bacon had an obscene amount of fat (at least 75% lipid) and were not crunch in those parts. Avocado Club: Ordered it with a fried egg (it was cooked HARD with no softness to the yolk in sight) and avocado which was adequate but it's not like they at SB made it. They should take lessons from Fuku Burger on how to properly prepare a fried egg en Burger. Sweet potato fries: they are alright. Nowhere near as good as Burger Bar. But a more consistent side to choose than their signature smashfries, in my opinion.  SmashFries: Sometimes they are better than other times. Sometimes they are way too soggy and drenched in olive oil. Really hit or miss.Dessert: they don't have any so that's that. Maybe their chicken is better, although I doubt it. In sum - average burgers, well above average prices. Guess this could be a decent option if you are vegetarian/vegan because of their black bean burger. - E
3	I don't frequent SmashBurger that much.  With so many fast food burger joints out there, it really comes down to mood and convenience if I am in that burger mode. This SmashBurger is located in Centennial across from Canes.  My last visit at SmashBurger was a little boring since I only got a basic burger.  This time I decided to get their Sin City Burger.  The Sin City Burger is basically a beef patty, onion strings, cheese, their special sauce, and an egg.  Yes, I said an egg.  Did I get fries?  Since I'm already consuming 1300 calories, why not? My burger was greasy and all over the place.  It was filling, but 1300 calories better be filling.  Food was still good, but can't help to feel like I just wasted a couple of workouts in 15 minutes.   You get what you expect from a fast food burger joint.  Cheap, tasty, and greasy.  Service was good and the burgers are served to you.  I guess I'm a In-N-Out Faithful, especially since their Double Double is half the calories.TIP:  Don't forget your Yelp 10% Check In discount.  I always forget.  Maybe it's because I usually check in when I'm checking out.
5	Military appreciation here is awesome! Food is served fresh and the short time is minimum. Clean location. Friendly staff. Affordable prices.
3	Smash Burger is between a fast food burger joint and a sit down restaurant.  They call it smash burger because they smash the meat down on the grill. It is nice dining area pretty good service.They have good burgers there.  I ordered the Las Vegas burger, it comes with a bunch of topping including an egg.  I really enjoyed the burger.  It was over the top with all the toppings but it worked.  The hamburger patty tasted like a real hamburger... it was real thick and juicy...The order of fries was plenty for my girls and I.  So you don't need to order fries for everyone.  It is similar to 5 guys if that helps.
3	I had the Sin City burger, which was good  but a little too greasy.  When we went we were in front of the order line and I went to grab a table.  A woman at the back of the line beat me to it.  It would be nice if there was some order and a system to the seating rather than a free for all grab as it gets busy and crowded with no open tables.  There is outdoor seating, however.  It's nice that you can order a cold beer with your burger.
4	Decent burger joint. I love the variety and all the different sides you can get- fried pickle chips, fries, sweet potato fries, chili fries, etc! . I got the black bean burger which is an excellent vegetarian option. It was flavorful and fulfilling. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, but it's good spot for a hunger satisfying burger if you're in the area. Yum Yum
5	Not only can you get a burger- but they also offer grilled or crispy chicken! My husband is definitely not a "fast food" diner- but he enjoyed his crispy chicken sandwich- well seasoned tasty and fresh! I had the BBQ Bacon cheddar burger- cooked perfect and all the condiments were right! Very clean- great pleasant staff! The may be stealing my patronage away from In and out burger- right across the street!  Definitely recommend!
3	The Baja burger was pretty good, with a nice kick.  The haystack onions were yummy, but a tad on the greasy side.  Smashfries and regular fries were limp, greasy, disgusting.  The shake was just meh.  The staff was friendly and prompt.
2	I am not a fan.  I have tried Smash Burger several times.  All at this location.  I have had the Mushroom Swiss burger a few times.  A cheeseburger with a few toppings.  And most recently the Spinach and Goat Cheese Salad.  I asked to add a burger to the top, even though they only offer a chicken add on.  They were happy to oblige.  This is probably the best thing I have had here.  I am giving 2 stars because all the burgers I have had previously were really greasy and my salad was supposed to have raisins, dried cranberries, pumpkin and sunflower seeds...it did not.  This along with the fact that I have not been in this place where we could find a clean table.  The tables are always nasty.
3	Meh, just another average burger joint. Didn't really care for the greasy buns.
4	always solid... I don't understand how they can charge a dollar for PBR and olympia and 2.49 for a fountain drink... but its always good
3	I'm not too much of a fast food burger joint girl.  Mainly because I try not to eat fattening stuff.  I stress the "try not to".  So occasionally we will indulge in some Smash.  I think the first time I had a burger here I didn't like it.  I don't remember why though.  With an attempt to keep it lower in fat (I know how is that possible right?) I usually order the grilled chicken sandwich so I feel better about myself.   This place is modern, vibrant and clean.  There is an emphasis on the red with huge red lettering on the walls.  I think it pretty nicely decorated. You walk in and find yourself immediately in line to order.  The menu is located on the wall right before you get to the cashier to place your order.  They have burgers, chicken sandwiches, hotdogs, salads and shakes.  You place your order and then are given a number to set at your table so your food can be brought to you.  The sodas are self serve.The BF and I both ordered the Buffalo Smashed Chicken.  Its a thinly sliced grilled chicken topped with buffalo sauce, lettuce, tomato and blue cheese crumbles.  The do make a breaded version as well.  I usually take off a lot of the blue cheese because it seems to overpower everything.  Its definitely one of those things where a little goes a long way.  The BF has his on the side all together.  The buns are a little shiny like they are basted with oil or butter.  I could do without the basting.  Overall the sandwich is good I just think it could use a little more buffalo sauce and less blue cheese.  I might try something different next time because I wasn't too impressed this last time.  I dipped mine in ranch hoping to tone it down a bit-but ranch was NOT on the diet plan.My daughter ordered the kids hotdog with fries.  They split the dog in half and grill it middle side down (if that makes sense).  She says she thinks they do that so there is a little place to put the ketchup-right down the middle.  The fries are nothing to brag about.  They are skinny and really crispy.  I like my fries a little soft in the middle.I do love condiments and they have a small variety.  I think they need to get creative and add some love into their condiments.  Just saying.  The service was good and everyone was nice.  The place is a little on the pricy side for a burger hot spot.  Our bill was about $30 for lunch WITH a kids meal.  We will be back and probably get the same thing forgetting we weren't too keen on the blue cheese. LOL  Its just a regular burger joint in my opinion. Since they are in my area I'm sure to return.On a side note - 10% off your order when you check in on Yelp.  Too bad I checked in after I ordered. :(   Oh and they have outdoor seating for when the weather isn't 117 degrees. ;)
4	Solid burger chain. I really like the Spicy Baja style great with Burger. Good with grilled chicken. Wish they did a little more to the chicken. Still quality food though
5	Smash burger is awesome!  How can you not love it, cooked to order fresh food!  They even made us some fried jalapenos which is not on their menu, but we had them at Smash in Texas.The only bad experience we've had is a customer that went nuts and violently shoved an employee, it was scary!
4	Great burgersGood FriesFriendly staff and atmosphere. Next to 24 hours fitness.. My post work out meal. Yeah, I now...its counter productive.
5	Yummy yummy!!! Best burgers for this price!!! Service great!!
2	I went to the Smashburger Yelp event a couple weeks ago and was pretty impressed with the food and have been raving about those SmashFries since. The burgers were flavorful, not overly greasy, and the fries were cooked to perfection. Unfortunately, that night gave an unrealistic expectation of what the chain really serves up- greasy burgers and old crunchy fries. The only thing that seemed to be as I remembered were the sweet potato fries. We ordered the large burgers, something I won't recommend as they come on the same size bun- the patty is the only thing that's larger which makes it flop over the side of the bun condiment-less. My burger was also served on a tray only half lined with paper, so I had straggling fries. The staff was kind enough the leave the expo ticket on my plate, too (yay fiber!). The tray liner was also soaked in grease, something that didn't happen on Yelp night- I double checked the photos. This is a shame since this location is a stone's throw away from Red Robin, In-n-Out and a couple other places. TIP: Wear a Yelp shirt for good food.
5	The Sin City burger was simply amazing! And thanks to Carlos I signed up for a free milk shake for my birthday:)
4	Yes, it's a burger and fries joint so it's going to be greasy and terrible for you. I don't understand all the negative reviews that cite grease as a problem at Smashburger. The food is fresh and made to order and is not any more greasy than any other burger joint, bar or restaurant I've been to. I usually get the Sin City which comes topped with grilled onions and a fried egg. Most burgers can also be ordered as chicken sandwiches as well. The burgers here are pretty filling, although can be considered pricey for fast food since a standard order doesn't come with any fries or sides...add fries and/or a side and you'll probably have too much food, as I'm typically leaving here feeling super stuffed. The staff here is friendly and patient so you can take your time reading the menu if you've never been here before. If you get a salad, try their chipotle dressing, which has a tasty and unique kick to it.
4	Good, standard smash burger. The staff was friendly and helpful and the good was good. Loved the honest tea lemon herbal tea and the green tea.
4	I heard about SmashBurger via friends posts on facebook. I decided to give it a try on a busy Saturday night.  For as busy as the place was the line moved quickly. We placed our order which was for one bacon cheeseburger and a truffle mushroom burger. Along with two kids meals for my children which they had to verify existed before even allowing us to order. My daughter was sitting saving our seat. I pointed her out . I guess if you don't have children they don't give you fries and a drink with it. I found this out the hard way when my son's food didn't come with French fries. They quickly corrected the error but it still was strange. The main reason I didn't give 5 stars was my daughters milk shake came out after people who ordered behind us and it was in a TO-GO cup when we were eating there and she would have preferred the fancy cup that she saw coming out with other orders. It was upsetting but the burgers were delicious and cooked to my satisfaction.Don't go here expecting A+ service but the food makes it worth the $ and the trouble.
5	My husband went to smash burger today for lunch. We ate in today instead of getting our food to go. The service was super friendly and nice. We both got a classic smash burger and split some fries and got a side of smash sauce.. (Which is awesome by the way) the burgers were super good, even better than our first visit. This might be our new favorite burger place
5	I've lived here almost a year now, regretting it taking so long to try this place! If you're in the mood for a seriously tasty burger, try smash burger. The meat is delicious & juicy, buns are soft, toppings are fresh, sauce is GOOD & don't hesitate... Get the sweet potato fries w/ BBQ to dip them. Seriously good food.
3	I came here because I hear that this is one the best places to get a burger. They have a variety of burger to choose from and the employees are awesome and patient while you try to decide on what you want to eat bi got the special fries which was awesome but my burger on the other hand looked like it was paper thin and it was very dry. Not too much flavor on it either. I was quiet disappointed in it and I don't think I will be back to try another burger. I guess I just expected more from a burger joint
3	Normally, we love SmashBurger.  Unfortunately, this trip was a bit of a let-down.  My wife's hamburger was wonderful, as usual.  But, this time, I thought I'd try their Harvest Grilled Chicken salad instead of my normal hamburger.  Mistake.  Two complaints about it.  First, as a matter of taste, there was something in there which was overly flowery.  Second, and more importantly, there was far too much dressing on it.  I should have known better and ordered the dressing on the side.  But, I didn't and ended up not eating half the salad because it being over-dressed.On another note, I'm starting to wonder about their service.  Both the last time we went there and this time, they brought the meal out in pieces.  My wife's hamburger arrived about five minutes before my salad and the sweet potato fries we ordered.  I suppose they want to get the food out as soon as it's ready.  But, instead of bringing things out piecemeal, they should plan their cooking times so everything arrives as one order.  Also (and this has been going on for a while), I don't think they're staffed at a high enough level.  Almost every time we're there, the line trails out to the door (once it actually went out the door).  There's invariably only one person taking orders and rarely more than one waitron.Finally, some quibbles:  1) I swear the order of sweet potato fries was smaller than it used to be, and 2) they keep removing things from their menu.  I LOVED their chili.  It's been gone for at least 6 months.  There was also a sandwich and a type of salad that we enjoyed and they're now gone (sorry, I can't remember the names).For now, we'll keep going to Smashburger.  The hamburgers are great.  But, we'll be watching.
3	I give it a 3 1/2 stars.  Hard to give out much more because there are so many places in Las Vegas to get a burger!  In our town, I would guess the biggest local chain players (besides the obvious) are In-N-Out, Five Guys, and SmashBurger.  All have their merits.  And I have tried all three places at one time or another.  For me, SmashBurger ends up being just average.  I do like them, but it's nothing overly stellar from other burger joints I frequent.  I don't go out of my way to grab a SmashBurger, it's not something I have a huge craving for.  I'm just as happy going to Subway for a Cold Cut Combo (yes, I'm a cheap Subway whore..ha ha).  Really.  SmashBurger works just like any other order then sit-down restaurant.  Check out the big billboard menus, pick a burger, pick the size (Smash is 1/4 pound, Big Smash is 1/2 pound), add your sides and your drinks, and you're done.  Sit down and wait for your eats.  Easy-peasy as long as you know what you want.  If you don't, you can create quite the line behind you because SmashBurger doesn't usually have more than two ordering counters.  The signature burger at SmashBurger here in Las Vegas is titillating-ly named the 'Sin City'.  Figures.  But the burger isn't that bad at all.  Burger patty, topped with a fried egg, applewood-smoked bacon, American cheese, grilled onions, haystack onions (fried onions), and their smash sauce on an egg bun.  Actually quite delicious...but only when the egg is fried right!  It MUST still be runny yolk on the inside, so it gets on your burger when you bite in and creates a nice little sauce of sorts.  Tasty.  If that fried egg has an overcooked yolk on the inside - return it for a new burger.  It totally ruins the experience with an over fried egg!  You pay $7 for your burger, make sure they get it right.The other burger at SmashBurger I enjoy is the Avocado Club.  Burger topped with fresh avocado, applewood-smoked bacon, lettuce, tomato, mayo, and ranch dressing on a multi-grain bun.  Yep, sounds a bit on the healthy side for a burger, but still good to grind on.  No cheese on this one because the avocado is plenty rich.  Just be sure they include a nice amount, one time we got it and there was only two measly slices on top!  Didn't even cover half the burger surface.One thing that irks me about some of these burger joints is that they don't include fries and a drink, nor do they have a combo meal discount when you do get these with your burger.  But instead of just fries, SmashBurger offers different sides.  So if you don't want their Smashfries (fries with rosemary, olive oil, garlic - pretty good) or their sweet potato fries, you have options.  Get a side of haystack onions with dipping sauce, veggie frites (yes- FRIED carrot sticks and green beans), or a side garden salad.  I will say though with the drinks at least they serve Coca-Cola, a plus for me.  Not to mention, they have some cheap off-brand $1 canned beers to go with your burger.  With a frosty mug, nice addition!Because of no fries with their burgers, I sometimes opt for the kids meal.  Yep, I sure do.  Actually not a bad deal.  For $4.99 you can get a Kids SmashBurger with cheese (and any of their free toppings), a small side of fries, and a small drink.  Don't want a kids burger?  Then choose the kid-friendly chicken strips or a hot dog.Forgot to mention, if you don't want a meat burger, you can choose a chicken breast or veggie burger instead for about the same price.  From what I hear, the veggie burgers at SmashBurger aren't bad.  As much as I don't mind SmashBurger, it doesn't appeal to me as a real burger joint.  Hate all you want, but I feel like it's a place for burger hipsters!  Multi-grain buns?  Come on now!  When I think burger, I think diner or spoon, greasy, tasty.  It's the American way!  I can get diner from In-N-Out, and I can definitely get greasy spoon from Five Guys.  When I go to SmashBurger I feel like I should be business casual, with a kale shake in my man-purse.  It just gives me Starbucks-hipster-trendy vibes!  Good for you insurance salesmen, obsessive personal trainers, and germaphobes.  Me?  I guess I'm a bit of a caveman when it comes to burgers.
3	I ordered the Classic burger with American cheese and lettuce, onions and tomatoes. The patty was pretty big----a lot larger than the bun. Very juicy. The bun was strong and didn't break apart. I didn't like the Smashfries very much. It was too oily. The thin fries tasted like the Ore-Ida fries you can buy at the local grocery store. In my opinion, the fries should complete the burger the experience and cheap-o Ore-Ida fries just ruined the experience. I would give them 5 stars if the fries were fresh-cut like In-N-Out Burger or Five Guys. The Haystack onion rings were also very oily. I don't think olive oil tastes good with fries or onion rings.  If SmashBurger made these improvements, I think it would increase sales. The service was great and the staff were friendly.
4	If you just want a wonderful hamburger (or en equally good chicken breast "burger"), then Smashburger is excellent.  We've been here several times since my initial review, kept to the hamburger side of the menu, and loved it.  Also, the sweet potato fries were well-sized again and they brought the whole meal at one time.  So, with that in mind, I've upped my initial rating to 4 stars out of 5.  We're still a bit let down with the removal of several menu items (Chili -- please add that back, Smashburger), and the music is too young for our old ears.  But, it's well worth a visit.
5	Try the veggie frites! They're amazing!And the burgers are consistently great!  My lovely bride and I hit this place at least once a month for our burger and malt fix.  We've tried all the other places (Five Guys, Fatburger, In-n-Out), and we keep coming back to SmashBurger.  The fact that you can get a locally brewed Hefewiezen or a can of old school Oly or PBR with your burger only makes it more awesome.  Great service, great food, and convenient.  I can't recommend this place highly enough!
5	I've been here several times since my first review, but just wanted to comment on the service. Mr. Silva is top notch, and was very accommodating. Food of course was excellent.
4	My first time visiting a smash burger and it was very good. We ordered and received 10% off with yelp check in. I had the avocado bacon burger. Delicious. Good flavor, perfectly cooked burger on a soft bun. I was impressed. My boyfriend had the sin city burger and he liked it his only complaint was it was a little on the greasy side. The fries were cooked perfectly and salted nicely. The service was good and our food was delivered to our table in about 7 minutes. They cook to order. It was on the pricey side $16 for two burgers one order of fries and one drink. But I will be back.
1	Normally I like this place, but finding a hair on the avocado black bean is not desired.Received another burger, but with same avocado and hair. I'm so upset!Spoke to manager and he said it was a different burger. The funny part is, I made a mark on the avocado to make sure I wouldn't receive the same burger. Well, I was given the same exact burger. I will never eat here again. They are disgusting.
4	Soooo... Definitely coming back. I was visiting my parents and they were wanting cheeseburgers. I mentioned that SmashBurger was close, so I was given cash and shooed off in their direction.My boyfriend and I ordered 4 burgers and 2 fries to go. It took about 10 minutes to get the food, super quick. I got the black bean burger w/ avocado and my boyfriend got the chicken, avocado club; the other two burgers were simple bacon, cheeseburgers. I loved my burger, so tasty. I made sure it was on the chipotle bun to get some extra bite. So delicious and filling, the patty was massive! My boyfriend got the haystack onions on his sandwich and they were so cripsy and salty. Just how I like. Oh, he liked them too ;PAs far as the fries, we got the smash fries and a regular fry. I would probably go with the sweet potato fries next time. The smash fries were super oily and and not very garlicy. I did like them, just too oily for me. I understand, since they are tossed in olive oil. Overall, very tasty, somewhat pricey. Worth it. I'll smash another one of their burgers in the future :)
5	It's my first time eating here with my boyfriend. He got the classic smash and I created my own burger adding pickles, tomatoes, pepper jack cheese, smashsauce and fresh avocados. Perfect combination. We also shared some if the smash fries with are surprisingly amazing and light. Next time I'll get my own fries
5	This is my favorite SmashBurger location in Vegas! The staff is really hospitable and sweet, their food is amazing, and it's at a really great location.You MUST try their sweet potato fries and their Smash Fries!
5	Yum yum yum!  Each visit is better than the visit before.  Always clean, over friendly staff & oh those fried pickles, yummers.  I'd love to try everything on the menu.
5	This place always hits the spot. Best burgers by far! Always busy. Always clean. Oreo Shake is amazing !
5	Staff is awesome. Food is yummy. My kids love smashburger.  I prefer some other places, but their food is still tasty.
4	Overall, great experience. Took my stepdad here for a late Father's Day lunch since neither of us have tried it before. Wasn't too busy when we came here. Was a couple people in line before us so it gave us time to check the menu. We ordered a Classic Smash Burger, BBQ Bacon Cheddar Burger, and an order of Smash Fries. The downfall to this place is that you can't order a combo meal. Fries must be ordered on the side as well as a drink. Aside from that, menu looked great. Different kinds of burgers, along with an option to build your own burger. They have regular and big sized patties and an option for chicken instead of hamburger patties. Food arrived moments after we got our drinks and sat down. Burgers are really juicy and great taste. Definitely a burger I want to have again. Being from Southern California, I've had many different burgers and this is an awesome burger at a more than reasonable price.
3	I tried Smashburger for the first time and the best description is mixed at best. The store appears clean, the staff courteous,  and the order was quick in preparation. Those qualities alone goes a long way but, I was told by staff that the number one moving product is the "sin city," burger. This burger has the typical angus beef as in the other burgers but is topped with bacon, grilled onions "hay stack" and a fried egg. Unfortunately,  the preparation of the egg was super greasy,  bacon over done but not burnt. The egg took away from the flavor of the burger. I will eloborate and say that having lived in Japan where eggs on top of burgers and other things is not a new concept. Smashburger in this case just did it poorly. The highlight of the visit was the Spinach,  goat cheese salad with added chicken.  This salad was excellent. The chicken was cooked well, the balsamic dressing was strong enough to enjoy the flavor but not overwhelming. I will give Smashburger another try. It is also deserving a high rating for service, staff, and facility. I will forever stay away from the sin city burger.  It truly lived up to its name because it was a sin how it was prepared and tasted.
5	I go here very often and I'm never disappointed. Burgers are a step above the rest. When I do a high protein diet, this is the first place on my list, I just ask for no bun and extra veggies and it comes on a plate.They accept online orders now so I'm even happier.
5	Awesome Awesome Awesome!!! This was sooooooooo yummy good!! My hubby is raving about the meat seasoning in the Sin City burger and I'm dying over how incredibly good they made a chicken sandwich!! (The avocado chicken BLT is TO DIE FOR!!!!)AMAZING!!!! And the Smashfries are DROOLICIOUS!!!!The gentleman that helped us and brought us our food is THE NICEST, kindest and most energetic person I have ever come across! They have beat and pummeled Red Robin, to win over my new #1 burger place!
5	YUM!! I love this place. I have celiac disease so it's hard for me to find places to eat out. Especially fast food restaurants. They have several gluten free options and vegetarian options too. When my husband and I need a quick lunch, this is our go-to choice!
5	BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger....yummmmm!  Hands down one of the best burgers in town :)  Would I recommend to others?  Um, YEAH.
4	The smash fries are so good. The avocado club burger is out of this world, wish it had more avocado. Be sure to ask for some of their ranch, it goes great with the fries. My husband got a bacon cheeseburger and said it was great as well. Overall a great alternative to the usual burger joint. And the staff is so friendly. Aaron was the one who took my order and brought it to me (a to-go order). He was so polite, remembered my name and asked if I wanted any extra sauces.
4	I would like to start by stating that the food is great and it's definitely affordable.My only advice is that they change their on line ordering to allow a cash pay option, especially if they are no longer taking phone orders. Otherwise, exceptionally friendly staff & great food!
4	Always enjoy eating here. Burgers are juicy and smash fries are great. Shakes are good here also. Service is fast and food fresh. Kinda too cold with ac blasting but it's near the end of summer. They open early and location is near my home. Clean and spacious.
5	Love love love this place! Always get the Sin City burger n deep fried pickles,,,everytime! I crave it!!!
4	good burgers and fries!
5	This place is awesome.. Love the food
4	This is by far, the best burger I have had in Las Vegas!  I love Smashburger and this is the best location that I've tried!  The staff is very courteous and the food is delicious!  The restaurant is kept very clean and I love the outdoor seating.  The only reason that I gave it four stars is there is room for improvement.  Two words - Peanut Butter!!!  The Sin City Burger is almost perfect, but a while back I was traveling and found a place that had a burger with egg and peanut butter and it was AMAZING!!  Offer PB on the Sin City and POW!  5-stars!!!
5	Always in the mood for smash burger best juiciest burgers around! Fries are soooo good
4	Food was pretty good. My smash fries didn't have much on them, tasted almost like reg fries. And the girl who brought us our food was rude when my girlfriend asked for more mayo.
3	We were unfortunate enough to come in last during a rush. We were in line for about 15 minutes. Only one register was open, although there was a manager hanging out in the kitchen. Not sure what she was doing. She was not in any kind of hurry either. Ordered to go, and asked for the veggies to be packed separately so that they would remain cold. Along with this, we asked for extra pickles and onions. Surprisingly, the food came out quickly. The guys in the kitchen worked fast! We checked the bags to make sure we had our two burgers and box of veggies. Was not until we got home that we realized that they gave us only pickles and onions, no lettuce or tomatoes. That was a disappointment. During our entire time here, there were tables with remnants of food left by previous diners. The manager  on this shift was really slacking. Too bad. Burgers tasted great though!
1	Well this place has gone to the dumps.  Tonight I had 2nd order of the week messed up.  All wrong and totally inedible.  It was take-out both times.  So first time I let it go - I know mistakes happen.  Tonight I called and asked for the manager.  She said too busy and would not take my call.  I said I was a customer with a messed up order and she again refused to take my call -she was  just yelling her answered at her poor  clerk who answered.   I work hard for my money and if they don't care about their business then they don't get my money.  Stay away from this one.
