4	Stopped in for my fix of Timmy's!I picked up a breakfast wrap and coffee which were delicious.  I really wish there were more of these in the US.  This location was run very well and my order was done quickly.  The place was packed.  I'm just glad the quality was spot on.
4	Oh Timmy's, what would we do without you?I tend to go for their homestyle biscuit with egg, sausage, and cheese! When I feel like changing it up, I'll substitute a multigrain bagel for the biscuit instead. That homestyle biscuit is to die for, though. I can't even describe it properly, there are just way too many words fluttering in my head over how damn good it is. It's soft, decadent, buttery, fluffy, fits perfectly in your hand... And so much more.On a hot summer day, their ice capp hits the spot and when you need a good pick-me-up, if their coffee is freshly brewed it will most likely hit the spot!
4	Tim's ~ a Canadian staple.Atmosphere: This Tim's on Guy Street, facing the Norman Bethune Square is a corner-stone (pun intended) for the Concordia area.  Cosy, clean (most always), free wi-fi, and now with a Cold-Stone franchise - its the place where students and professors meet up, and the coffee flows 24/7.  The square would be a great place to sit and chat if it weren't for the turf war being waged between the pigeons and the homeless over control of the benches :0(Service: Most of the time, the service is quick and accurate.  Given the rush this place usually faces, a few mixups and mood swings are bound to happenFood: Tim's menu (standard) - but most importantly you can be confident the food is cleanly made.Can't go wrong for value
4	Tim Horton's is like Starbucks in Seattle. It is everywhere and is an institution. Must I say  more? Their coffee is pretty good and their donuts - yum.
4	What else is there to say?  Tim Hortons is the Dunkin' Donuts of the Great White north.  They have Boston Creme donuts, and Boston Creme donuts with maple glaze instead of chocolate. Tim Hortons is what it is- unpretentious, cheap and ubiquitous.  You're not going to have an amazing gustatory experience here, but it does the job after a late night slumming around rue Sainte-Catherine.
1	The coffee glacee  tastes like heavily watered down coffee, milk and high fructose corn syrup,. We also ordered one iced coffee without sugar and got a head lift and eye roll reaction. Sorry for  taking away your pleasure of pumping syrup into the cup. Maybe the service guy was just having a bad morning. We did not try any of the food items.  My wife and I really wanted to like Tim Horton's, but the coffee was so bad, that we ended up dumping it out.  We needed real, caffeinated, strong iced coffee, and we got it at the Cafe Starbucks.
4	It's a staple of Canadiana - this location is packed with University students and suits. Expect long waits, but that can be said about any Timmies.
3	Can't go to Canada without going to Timmy Ho's.  Cheap donuts, open late, open early.  Can't ask for much more.  Donuts are pretty standard.  Not amazing, but good.  Wish they were a little fluffier, but maybe that's just me.  Solid donuts.
4	Affordable coffees and delicious muffins, especially the red velvet ones! Read more on: http://theforbiddenmeal.com/2014/11/25/red-velvet-at-tim-hortons-what-a-surprise/
