3	It's a Salvation Army Trift store, what more can I say.They have racks and racks of clothing and several different "specials" each day.I went here in search of my 80's garb for the Elite Event this weekend, and within minutes of arriving I was done head to toe.I got a full outfir , including shoes and shades for $9!!!There was a ton of household stuff as well, I lived at the Salvation army when I was in college, and will be checking this place whenever I need that hard to find clothing item.It's a Salvation Army Thrift Store, it is what it is
5	As an avid thrift store shopper I have found this store to be one of my favorites for clothes and furniture. The staff is friendly, the store is clean, and the stock changes everyday. Some of my favorite dresses have come from this store, along with many mint condition children's books for my son.  The sales are great and happen everyday. A tip I have learned from this store is to ask about a cheaper price on items you may feel are over priced. They are very flexible and accommodating to their customers.
5	I love thrift stores... This particular thrift store has a lot of furniture and knick knack items!  The clothing section is crazy!  It's pretty huge this place.  Lots of shoes, clothes, household items... and again..furniture.  But not just any furniture... like, couches, dressers, BEDS!  I found a Tiffany's lamp!!!!They keep this store very organized and everyone is very friendly.  So far I've found a bunch of stuff for my house, a purse... and lots of cute tops and vintage t-shirts..I love a good dig!  I'm thinking I'm gonna stop by this weekend!  Look out for my check in! ;D
1	Place is so gross. Walked in, a/c felt like it was broken. Everything was so dirty and, surprisingly,  over-priced. I've been to the Salvation Army in Henderson many times and love that location. I just don't get how two stores can vary so much. And then, walked into the bathroom where the top of the toilet tank was sitting off to the side, the flush lever was missing so you had to stick your hand in the tank and flush it manually. And on top of that, no soap in the dispenser, but there was a nicely used-to-the-core bar of nasty soap sitting on the dirty sink. I had to get out of there ASAP. And never come back.
3	Went here to look for an ugly Christmas sweater for a themed hike and was pleasantly surprised to find a large and clean shop with all sorts of items.  I didn't find an ugly Christmas sweater, but I walked out with 2 decorative Christmas tins (perfect for cookies) and several  black binders (very useful to me as a pianist!).  I spent a grand total of $2.25 and paid in change.  I did not have a lot of time to look through any area carefully, but will be back to check out the pants section for gently used hiking garb and (potentially) designer jeans....
5	Thrifting to the max... I absolutely adore this location, they are so clean and organized. Right when you walk in there are racks and racks of clothing.  The organization in this Bixxh is amazing. They have women's jeans by size, and all shirts by color and size as well. Today I went on my lunch break.They had all men's and women's jeans for 50% off. All the kids clothes were $0.50 a pop, and most importantly they had all the yellow tags for 50% off. Tomorrow they have everything, Yes folks everything for 50%.I found a brand new pair of Roos for my boy for only $1.50.(say what)The cashiers have a sense of humor, she likes to make small jokes over the intercom which I though was pretty funny. The only thing here is you have to spend at least $5.00 if you want to use debit, but hey if you spend $20 or more they were handing out a small gift.
5	This Salvation Army is by far one of my favorite thrift stores to spend hours rummaging through the racks.  Although, my only vice would be that the store isn't as clean as one would hope for and some of the items tend to have little tears and stains.  But the vintage pieces that I've found in the place have been heaven sent. Other reasons to come here:-Prices have remained low (unlike other thrift stores I've notice jacking up their prices).-Amazing vintage finds-Belts for $1-Cheap vintage furniture -There's sales going on everyday There's also Sally's Boutique that sells higher quality and higher priced items that is connected to the thrift store.  I've purchased a few beautiful ceramic bowls at amazingly cheap prices. If you can look past the vices, I'm sure this too will become a favorite thrift spot for the frugal enthusiast.
5	I have shopped at this location for years and it is one of my favorite thrift stores in Las Vegas. It is huge with a large array of clothing, furniture, picture frames and endless selection of bric-a-brac. It can be a hit or miss like with all thrift stores. During one visit they had a ton of new Banana Republic clothing with manufacturer tags still attached. Everything was priced within the $3-$7 range. I went nuts. Other times I found a Cavalli shirt, a Dior pair of jeans and a Dolce & Gabbana dress shirt, all for almost nothing. I like Sally's Boutique (the store within a store) and they have nice things, but sometimes the prices are slightly too high (A Perry Ellis dress shirt should never be priced $20 at a thrift store no matter what condition it is in). And sorry I do not consider Baby Phat and Sean John "designer" merchandise, it should not be in the Boutique.  When they have a sale here, they blow the stuff out. I was there during a 50% off all clothing sale and it was almost like they where giving the stuff away. The furniture selection is huge with lots to choose from. The staff is super friendly and always willing to help with anything. I do wish they would move the CDs to the front of the store as the cases are often empty due to theft. (A HUGE pet peeve of mine). I have been to this store in summer when the air conditioning was broken and it was very hot inside. For a novice thrift store shopper, the amount of merchandise in this large store may be overwhelming, but for a pro, it is a welcome challenge. Visit this store, you will def find something to purchase.
3	Check out Sally's Boutique, attached. You might find something your grandfather misplaced right after the Great War. Im serious. Great little antique cove. The rest of the store is typical SA. They do have a decent inventory of used furniture and knick-knacks. This is usually where I get my kitchen stuff. Great wooden spoons and steel carving forks and plastic ladles, many for as low as .25. Great daily specials on colored tags and other requirements, call for details. Nice people, too. It's always nice to see a smile, and I'm pretty sure you will here.This place is A-OK. Alright Salvation Army, this next paragraph is for you:      for salvation's sake, please don't 'pull a Saver's' and raise your prices to an exponential level. I can't afford to shop there anymore, it's like a really dirty Neiman Marcus. For serious. People are frequenting your stores and buying your SECOND HAND goods because they, WE, are broke and need a few essentials once in a while. If there's an old couch that nobody wants, is months old and decrepit and just sitting in the showroom collecting dust, you might want to consider any reasonable offer. I watched a poor woman beg for a better price on a piece of junk sofa that had been there since much cooler weather and the clerk refused to hear her out. I'll bet ten bucks that couch will be there for another few months. Why get greedy? We're all just a bunch of squirrels trying to find a nut, Salvation Army included.Ok, off the soapbox.I come to this location once a week whether I need to or not. I've found some great stuff, and I plan on finding much more.
4	I totally heart this thrift store! It's in my top 5 all time faves. (Manhattan West, Burbank, Minneapolis/Edina also top my charts) I'd say this and the Salvation Army on Charleston /Valley View have been the sources of most of my local Las Vegas successful clothing hauls over the years. They always have a specific colored tag that is 50%+ off, plus they offer additional random discounts as well. The staff at this particular location is TOP NOTCH!! They don't begin telling you an hour before, that they will be closing... UNLESS they see you have a great deal of items you may need to try on & may be in jeopardy of being in a crunch for time. They are friendly & helpful, and announce their specials every 30 min or so. This location is actually open 7 days! The only reasons they are short a star IMO, is that they close @7, & you're only allowed 3 items in the dressing room at a time. This is a great place to go for your cathartic thrift hauling!
4	As an "up-cycler", a vintage clothing & furniture enthusiast, I love the SA. I am sad they deleted some of their processes, like the tag day deals. Plus, they've  gone to a modern system of tagging, which is why I've always loved SA over other thrift stores. It's affectd the prices, so I won't go as often now. Vintage dresses with stains don't merit store prices no matter how vintage. Sorry. You can still find a good mid century lamp or dress at a steal, as a fluke.They have a large furniture selection, which I just love. Old wood, frames, art canvases to use for new art....all the history...I just LOVE it, so obviously, the changes won't keep me away for good, just less. Look, you can find GEMS here, I've found a more than a few! Plus, it's fun looking!
2	Sad to say that since Salvation Army have remodeled and reorganized their stores their prices have doubled. Now SA is more expensive than Goodwill and Savers. Every time I would stop in I'd end up buying a few things, even if I didn't need it because the prices were so good. Last few trips I walked out empty handed. Too bad. If the prices were raised to make more money, the opposite may be the result. No a fan any longer :-(
