1	This hotel has the worst customer service that I have ever seen. They were rude and the room wasn't clean. They had several homeless people hanging out in the lobby.
1	This place is a nightmare. The price is appealing but not worth it. The room I was given has water damage in the ceiling near the window. The light fixtures were hanging out of the ceiling and were surrounded by mold. And the door would not lock. I asked for a refund and left immediately.
1	If I could give it  0 I would. Is this place a crib for hooking? More midnight traffic than a 24 hour Dennys.  Jesus, Mary and Joseph. Doors slamming,  midnight knocking on the doors, loud music in the next room, and urine in the elevator. Should have checked yelp first.
1	Do NOT stay here! The rooms are extremely cramped! Absolutely zero walking space! The bed was very uncomfortable! The iron in our room didn't work so when we called to the front desk to ask for another the lady was very rude about it and asked if we could bring the broken iron down to her. The only thing about it was that the iron was locked on to the ironing board with a cable making it impossible for me to remove it. When I informed the lady of the secondary problem she became very annoyed with me and asked me to come down and just pick up a different iron. Also, there were teenagers hanging out in the lobby unattended and they were being extremely inappropriate. The lady at the front desk didn't bother to tell them to take their inappropriate behavior back to their room. The entire place was just filthy! Oh, and the free breakfast was nothing more than dry cereal and juice. The milk pitcher was never once refilled. I will NEVER return to this dump ever again!
4	This hotel must be under new management because it wasn't filthy AT ALL. In fact, when I walked in I thought the entire place was impeccably clean. Even our room was clean and smelled terrific. A gleaming "90% sanitation" rating hung over the front desk. The beds were comfortable but the pillows were a bit lumpy. The only thing I can complain about was the maids shouting down the hall way at each other while my husband and I tried to nap after our drive. The receptionist was courteous. Oh. The rooms were small because in case anyone who complained about that can't read: you booked a room at a MICROTEL!
