5	Have been going to MCV Salon for more than a year. Always excellent service. Corina is friendly and energetic.  I always get a fantastic haircut.  Very well put together shop.
5	I admit, I have very high expectations when it comes to service and this place was AMAZING. The stylist definitely took the time to listen to my concerns regarding my hair, gave me a oil/ head massage before shampooing my hair, a hand massage while my hair was conditioning and an amazing cut all for the low price of $33! I already have plans to make it back. Thank you for being so wonderful!
4	Caitlin is an amazing stylist.  She took time to hear what I had to say before jumping in.  I have hair that is going grey, but is brown with blonde highlights.  I am very particular about my hair.  She is the first person in a long time who has made my hair look like it used to when I was younger.  You can see the highlights after the coloring has been done - versus a highly-rated place I used to go to where everything ended up muddled together and you would have thought I did the coloring myself. My biggest issue, and reason for knocking this down a star is that they don't take credit card tips and the pricing is high.  It was $200 for color and haircut, which is very high.  To not take credit card tips at this price point is ridiculous.  I was embarrassed that I have to come back with a cash tip for my stylist.
5	My experience at McV Salon was excellent. Staff is professional, shop is cute, and overall great service for a reasonable price.
5	MCV is an Este Lauder salon. Actually it is an Aveda salon (same thing).  I love Aveda! It's like a cult that I am in. Aveda only.There's only 3 beauty products I let touch my skin and hair. Este Lauder moisturizer, MAC studio finish concealer, and Aveda shampoo and conditioner. Get the point???? I think I should be in charge of the Este Lauder portfolio or a brand ambassador or something. So enough about the Aveda products, the stylists at MCV really do wonders. Since moving to WI, I made myself home at MCV and have a regular hairdresser who makes my life easier and less stressful. Every four weeks for a trim. The convenience and little text message alerts and reminders that MCV send to my phone to remind me of my appointment are helpful. I have a tendency to forget or not write appointments down. Oh and Kirsten does an amazing job. Such talent.  Highly recommend
5	I have been going here for about a year and love it! My stylist listens to what I want and I always leave feeling great. The massages while washing hair are so relaxing. They always offer tea and water and during the winter -warm cider, which was delicious.The only thing I don't like is that you can't put a tip on your card. Half the time I forget and have to run and get cash and go back.
