1	I'm going to start off by saying that I have been to some pretty seedy fast food joints in my day... but I think this JITB takes the cake..Yeah, I get that you are busy because all of the drunken ASU students romp through here each night... but how hard is it to sweep the floor, wipe the tables or clean the bathroom? Ewwwwwww!!!!Next... you were not busy, at all,  yet it took five minutes for someone to come take my order... and I was not so nicely informed that for some ungodly known reason you were no longer serving milkshakes at 855pm at night.. but you could serve me a smoothie. Ummmmm... does this make sense? Noooo.... and to add insult to injury, it took seven minutes to make the damn thing. (I know because I timed it)BTW... don't waste your $2.79 on the pomegranate smoothie. It SUCKS. And the worst part of all? It is impossible to go to this JITB without being accosted by the homeless hippies. Unfortunately this filth infested, artery-clogging, non-milkshake-serving-after-some-undisclosed-time establishment will continue to flourish because it is in a good location and drunk people need their tacos.
1	I agree. The only time i ever went to this JITB, a fight broke out where people were smashing each others heads against the metal railing. I'll never forget that, i'll also never forget the fries they failed to serve me as a result of the chaos.Stay focus JITB employees. We need our fries.
1	Sons of fucking bitches. Three orders of food and when we pulled up to the drive-thru window and asked to add a taco to the order, we were told by the young man working the drive-thru window that NO, there are no "extra" tacos, they are made to order. "Yeah, we want to order one." He then responded by saying we cannot add any food to our already existing order, and that if we wanted to add any food to the order that we would have to exit the drive-thru and drive back around and get back in line again. No joke, he said "no seriously, you can't order a taco. It's business, you understand." No, I don't understand. Your business is to sell me artery-clogging food, and you are refusing to do so? To top it off, when I called later to talk to the manager, a co-worker answered the phone giggling and then finally said "uhhh. EHH ... HELLO?" "Hi. Is this Jack in the Box?""Uhhh. YEAH." Looks like JITB needs to step it up on the employee training manual.
3	Holy Hell Mayo Queen....put the mayo gun down and back away from the burgers.
1	I just threw up a little hearing the name "jack in the box".  Hope you are ready for some food poisoning.
1	Ridiculous.
3	The breakfast at this place is super cheap and you get a lot of bang for your buck. Every time I have gone the staff has been really nice although I can't say I have ever been late at night as I usually get breakfast here. It's not the fanciest breakfast in the world but it actually taste good and is cooked fresh. I work near this JITB and understand that due to the nature of people who slum around downtown Tempe on Mill it's not their fault that they get some less then desirable groups hanging out in front of their establishment. It's a fast food joint, you get what you pay for and honestly I don't see the point in over criticizing about a full breakfast for $3.50.
2	For my experience you must know that this was a drive thru order.There was no car line at 5 o'clock which is cool and weird considering that's when people are getting out of school and work, but I can't complain.I am vegetarian so I only eat the curly fries and I knew that this was what I was going to order, but that didn't mean I didn't want to check out their menu to see if they had any other goodies. In this case, they didn't. What's even worse is they didn't have on the menu the sizes or prices of french fries which bothers me because I hate paying for things I don't know the price of, but I knew it was the only thing I could eat.I ordered a large curly fry and it was $3.05! I thought that was pretty expensive considering the amount of fries I got was about a medium. I will say though, if I had eaten more than what I had gotten, I would have felt much more sick to my stomach then I was already starting to feel.I will give the girl at the window who took my cash and handed me my food was very friendly and asked if I wanted any sauces and wasn't stingy when I asked her for ketchup (however I did ask for a good amount).
1	One word...Pathetic. As soon as you walk in through the doors the music is blaring into your ears. It's not very welcoming especially when you're hungry. That also says about this so called fast food place that the employees don't have much consideration towards the customers. Now it's not usually this loud during the day. But in the evening it seems as if every time! Apart from the music being annoying, you're being ignored for a good 5 minutes until an employee attends you. I understand they need to help the drive through people, but those lazy people didn't get off their ass to order their food that makes them even fatter. So the employees tend to prioritize the drivers outside instead of the people that walked in. Really sucks because you grow inpatient quickly. Again, especially because you're hungry. Once you're lucky enough to pass the first test or should I say 2nd after the music. You have to wait for your food to be prepared. One time I ordered 3 chicken sandwiches and it took them 30 minutes exact!!! I timed it too. I mean   what the hell!! I was so pissed and frustrated because I wasn't just the only person waiting for my food. Everyone is just so annoyed inside this jack in the box that people start doing stupid stuff in order to get attention. It's actually kinda funny. Once your food is ready, this lady has a freakin boom mike yelling out your order lol. It really doesn't help and it's overdone. Bottom line, this fast food joint needs to pick it up and hire some real employees that know what they're doing. I also think this place is way too understaffed. I seriously wouldn't bother going to this place if it wasn't one of the only places open on mill ave at 10-12 in the evening to get a bite to eat. Seriously it's sad.
2	For a Jack in the Box, this place is dirty. Yes that is saying a lot. It seems to be a hang out for downtown Tempe's transient population but I guess they cannot kick out the paying customers. The service seemed a little slower than most locations but that could have been the decorum in the building that made me feel that way. The food is standard Jack in the Box fare, so at least you know what you are getting into. I just wouldn't step into the bathroom there if I were you.
1	if i could put a negative on the stars i would do so!! this by far is one of the most worst experience i have ever had at ANY food place. It started off with me needing to use the restroom, so i entered jack in the box, there were no signs anywhere stating restrooms are for customers only. As I walked towards the restroom and try opening it, the door was locked. I went up to the security guard, whom works there, letting him know what was going on. before I could even finish my statement he rudely looks at me up and down and says in the most rudest manner, "the bathrooms are for paying customers" OK 1. how can you look at someone and assume they have no money? 2. you would've said it in a nicer manner. i felt insulted and disrespected, how could you talk and judge another human being like that? whatever happened to the customer's are always right? i immediately demanded to speak to a manager, while i was telling the manager what was wrong he seemed as if he did not care what i was saying, he didn't pull the guy to the side and talk to him, or even apologize to me for his employees behavior. i pulled out my receipt for the rude racist and judgmental security guard and he pushed the buzzer to unlock the restroom. i walked to the restroom door to try opening it and it still didn't open, i turned to the security guard and stated the restroom still isn't opening, he then says" well you have to wait til someone gets out" (still in a rude tone) i say"well it says vacant" he then says" well it's not so..."  like how was i suppose to know it was occupied when it says vacant? and why didn't he tell me that before buzzing me in?  while waiting in  for the restroom to become vacant, i realized more and more customers were entering jack i the box and the security guard was being just as rude to them. some were so furious they walked out of the store cursing. its crazy because some customers he allowed in without showing him a receipt while others he harassed, yelled at and embarrassed as what he had done Me. I came down to Arizona for my daughter's 21st birthday and it was the worst experience in all my travels of any state. I am sad to say this but i will Not be returning any time soon. the blatant rudeness and disrespect was not okay, i have been employed with customer service jobs and I have had food thrown at me, spit at and cursed to and still have i never taken that out on any customer. the fact that the manager didn't say or do anything didn't even help how hurt i felt, i guess it goes to show you no matter where you go there is ugly everywhere.
1	Slowest fast food I've ever had. I've been waiting so long I'm writing this review before I even get the food
4	I go to this Jack In The Box on the way to work, usually grabbing breakfast. Their crew is always on the ball, very upbeat and accomodating. They are always quick with my food and always double-checks to make sure everything I ordered is there before I leave the drive-up.
1	4 hours of agony from food poisoning later, don't go to this location folks. Take it from my stomach.
3	The customer service is great, very friendly and helpful (I like when they give me ranch for my fries for free). Food was good - basic jack. The reason for the loss of two stars is the overwhelming homeless population that has taken residence in and outside of this location. One was passed out outside on a table. Another four (no, not exaggerated) were coming in and out refilling their random cups with soda, without asking, and certainly without paying... I could tell the guy behind the counter was frustrated, but didn't know what to do. I'm all for helping the homeless, but camping out at an establishment, with all their garb is not really ok. And if you need water, great, but at least ask...
3	This might be a tad embarrassing, but I visit this Jack in the Box almost religiously. It's right on the south side of the bar district in Tempe and nothing sounds better at three in the morning on a Saturday than 50 Jack in the Box tacos, right? Cheers to the workers here who deal with the stumbling horde of Sun Devils that must wreak havoc on this establishment weekly. Y'all are the real MVPs.
1	NEVER EVER GO TO THIS LOCATION. At least not if you are planning to park in their parking lot. YOU WILL BE TOWED. Turns out they are working with Monster Towing Company, which has been scamming paying Jack in the Box customers for years. Check this out: http://www.azcentral.com/business/call12foraction/articles/20130920tow-firm-conduct-questions-call12.html
