5	I'll admit I'm a little sad I don't get the "First to Review" badge and that last reviewer prompted or rather reminded me that I must give this place a stellar rating.My fried got married here in November and the setting was absolutely gorgeous. Because the wedding was smaller in size, it took place in the courtyard by the fountain. We were surrounded by greenery, wood carvings and stone statues. It was very comfortable and felt completely secluded from the rest of Arizona. Who could tell that we were in the middle of a flat residential area? No one.The bridesmaid room was adorable, and now I know how I want to style my house if I ever have one. The staff was very friendly and laid back. Though I haven't been to many weddings in the Valley, this is the best venue I could possibly recommend. It isn't cheap, but they do have several pricing options - this reception was at a differnt venue to avoid the setup/breakdown and table/linens rental costs. All in all it was beautiful and perfect.
4	I cant give this place 5 stars because I didnt use their service so I cant say how it was. I did visit it though while looking for my wedding venue and it was by far the most beautiful place I saw. It was extremely out of my budget though.
5	Absolutely beautiful location that is ideal for special events.  A wedding was the reason for my visit and the coordinator was really helpful.  The bride's room is perfect for the entire party.  There are several different areas for the guests to wander and explore.  I would definitely recommend this place to a friend.
3	Eclectic wedding venue, made famous by the magic of television!----------As soon as we saw this place on an episode of "4 weddings," we were excited to come here for a friend's wedding.Interesting, eclectic place for a wedding venue -- located at the end of a dead-end street, with a gravel parking area to boot, but nevertheless it certainly had a unique charm. The central courtyard had an awesome fountain, which provided a soothing "babbling brook" background to the wedding ceremony.The bar area was uniquely decorated to look as rustic as possible (with random knickknacks such as a "siempre coca cola" sign, and a sign that warns you to "be aware of poker players and loose women."  A frozen margarita machine and various well liquors round out the selection.I wasn't a big fan of the inner tree-lined courtyard - it literally smelled moldyThe bathroom all the way at front of property, which meant walking outside during a torrential downpour that evening.The food was from one of three authorized caterers.  Although the roast pig was tender and delicious, the chicken breast was dry (as expected), and strangely, they served potsticker shooters at the end, which tasted rather bland.Certainly more interesting than your typical hotel banquet hall!
5	This place was extremely beautiful!  I went there for my friend's wedding. Just learned that they couldn't hire Jazz at this place because of the houses next to the fence.  That was the only con about this place.  Overall, it was really nice and enjoy the enivornment very much.
5	I really didn't know what to expect.  We were here for a wedding.  The location was so tranquil and inviting.  I think an absolutely perfect place for a wedding.  The staff was courteous and efficient.  As a guest, we had absolutely no complaints.  Food, drink and service were all fit for a queen.  Thank you.
5	Amazing venue!  From the decor, space, organization, and location to the great coordinating by Tasha, this place was great. We were married in January and from beginning to end, we knew this was the right venue for us. We looked at up to 8 places and this was easily the winner. Tasha made the planning so stress free and was always friendly to work with. You can tell she enjoys her job. The venue has a beautiful and rustic feel with hundreds of candles and trees to provide shade. The inside area is very intimate and something you have to see to believe
5	We got married here yesterday.  It was beautiful and everyone loved the venue.  Tasha was great to work with and there are just so many cool places to take pictures.  We did a morning ceremony in late April.  The only complaint I have is that where we had the ceremony (center courtyard) had only 50% shade.  The groom's side was empty because everyone was huddled around the shady south side.  I love living close to here so I can sneak a peek when I'm out walking the dogs.
5	The  staff is so friendly! I love that They are all inclusive options. Makes wedding planning so easy
3	I just attended a wedding here in early June. DO NOT BOOK it in the heat of the summer! Even though the fountains' ambiance gave it that babbling brook sound, it did nothing to offset the heat. I was amazed no one passed out! They tried fans on the sides but they blew so hard, no one could sit near them or hear anything.And even though we were moved into the reception area after 1/1/2 hours of pictures, the room never cooled off enough with the amount of attendees..To make matters worse, after the cake was cut, we were asked to relocate back outside for dancing so the staff could clean up. It was still over 100 degrees out there at 9 p.m.! If you are going to spend that  kind of money in the summer months in Phoenix, go with an all air conditioned venue for the guests to enjoy.And there were only two  female bathrooms available for guests to use, so there were lines often.Now on the positive,the garden was very nice although the roof of the reception area was dirty and made it appear dark.I will rate the food as o.k.because they ran out of lamb kabobs,one of the three meats offered along with chicken kabobs and roast beef , the salad was a bit wilted, most likely due to the heat ,and some of the other dishes were dry. and finally, the mashed potatoes they served were instant.I did not dare try the sushi table in that heat.The staff was excellent, very attentive,polite and pleasant. They were working very hard the entire time.
4	This place is beautiful!. I bet it looks a whole lot better when it is not 120 degrees outside in the middle of summer. My friend got married here over the weekend and I have to say it was a beautiful place full of neat trees, plants, palms, waterfalls and more. The people that are putting it on were all very nice and helpful and it ran smooth. I would will certainly be going back when it is not so hot out to try an enjoy myself a bit more.
5	Looking for a unique, affordable, exclusive wedding venue, I came across Boojum Tree in a Google search. The photos and reviews enticed me to call. Tasha answered the phone and answered all my questions and provided prices right away. My husband and I had visited a few other top recommended venues, but none seemed to be the fit we were looking for (most were boring square, buildings like dance hall rentals, outdated landscaping or had to share the venue). I set an appointment and toured Boojum Tree with Tasha and fell in love with the place. The photos simply did not do it justice. It's landscape was so beautiful and filled with unique, magical character. There were several fountains, handcrafted scenery, naturally manicured plants and real coy ponds. There was an indoor tropical garden like no other, with a rainforest waterfall. It felt like a mini Sedona and tropical oasis in the midst of Phoenix. We easily decided to schedule our wedding event at Boojum Tree and signed the contract.Everything went smoothly on the wedding day, and Tasha was a perfect Officiant. We did have one snafu, as the photographer was taking photos of our rings on a lily pad over the fountain, my wedding band fell in! Tasha and a staff member, along with the photographer, did not hesitate to jump in and sift through the rocks, muck and fish to find it (and thank goodness it was recovered!). Our wedding day was everything we had hoped for, majestic, relaxed and unforgettable. We felt that Boojum tree has so much to offer and we just didn't want to leave! We highly recommend Boojum Tree, Tasha and staff for ANY event.
5	i heard about Boojum Tree from a friend who attended a corporate party there. when i got engaged, we wanted to elope mostly because nothing in phoenix appealed to me for a venue. and then i decided to check out boojum tree. and i was in LOVE! we had a very small morning wedding there and couldn't be happier with how the day turned out! Tasha and the bartending service (Set M Up) we contracted with were so accommodating. the grounds were eclectic and totally fit the theme of my wedding so i didn't need to do anything to decorate...really...but they let me bring in items to really personalize the day. they treated us so well...even though we were having such a small event. i will forever be singing the praises of Boojum Tree. if you're looking for a unique venue for your event (wedding or otherwise) don't hesitate to call Boojum Tree!oh...and...you can rent the venue by the hour for family photos if you want. there are so many wonderful backgrounds for photos! we ran out of time before we were able to shoot in front of all the backgrounds we wanted to.
5	Boojum Tree was absolutely magical. Every single guest came up to me and said it was the most beautiful venue they had ever been to. I also had a lot of set up and take down and Tasha was amazing. She answered all my questions, set the decorations up perfectly, organized and helped direct the ceremony and reception, and completed the break-down. She is also very friendly, nice, and just a great person. I think I hugged her about 100 times. I definitely recommend this place if you are looking for a one of a kind venue that people will be talking about for years!
5	One of the Valley's best kept secrets. I got married here in September 2011 and it was amazing. This venue was the prefect mix of desert rustic and beauty. Tasha the event coordinator was a dream to work with. And the vendors were amazing. I love looking at my wedding album, definitely not your typical wedding venue. This is a great place to take pictures. We even took maternity pictures at Boojum Tree. Emily Snitzer Photography had a beautiful background for pictures. Drop by and check it out, you won't regret it.
2	We recently attended a friend's wedding at the Boojum Tree. As we entered I thought it was a beautiful place. It's vintage and eclectic. I loved the western feel of the place. Here's where my love stopped: the mosquitoes. We attended the rehearsal and the wedding. After being there about half an hour for the rehearsal, I had about 5 bites. Ok no big, deal, right? After the wedding ceremony the next afternoon I doused myself in bug spray that was at the cantina. By the time we left and got home I had 42 bites on my legs and arms. I'm not even someone that gets bit by bugs normally. I felt like I was swatting at bugs all night long. It was disgusting. Obviously the venue is aware of the problem since they provide bug spray, so you'd think they'd do more to solve the problem! I'm so glad I didn't get married at a place like this. I spent the rest of my 10 day vacation in Phoenix scratching at my arms and legs! Not to mention how lovely my legs looked covered in red bumps! HAHA! Also only a handful of people danced. People were too spread out in the grounds and the bride even went "missing" for a bit when she went to see people on the other side of the venue. The bathrooms are also far away from the dinner / reception area, the dining area smells a bit moldy when you enter, but you get used to it. The lights in there are beautiful. The food was ok. I guess you can't expect much when it's being cooked for 150 people.
5	I just had my wedding here this past Sunday and I cannot say enough about how magical and beautiful this place is.  Once we walked the grounds earlier this year we knew this was going to be the spot.  So unique and so lush, a perfect little oasis in the middle of the city.  We had a morning brunch wedding and Tasha was so accommodating.  Everything went perfectly and everyone kept commenting at how beautiful everything was.  I would tell anyone who is looking for a unique place to have a wedding or any other sort of event to look at Boojum Tree.  It truly is a hidden garden.
