3	This is the first place we hit to have our lunch as soon as we arrived at Vegas. Decent chinese food. Ma pao tofu was a little too soft and not much spicy.
1	It was several minutes before the maitre d' arrived and we were told it would be a 30 minute wait for a table though it was obvious several tables were available.  We sat in the nearby keno area with a unobstructed view of the entrance and in less than 10 minutes I observed 2 separate groups arriving and being seated.  It was obvious neither had reservations as each paused to read the menu posted outside. I walked over to the Maitre d' and politely asked why these groups were being seated while we were told we had to wait.  The maitre d' claimed I was told we would be seated at the next available table, but the placard on our table stated 8:45PM (i.e. 30 minutes from the time we arrived).  Under normal circumstances I would have left, but I was too hungry and the other dining options were less appealing.  We ordered the crab Rangoon appetizer for $6.99.  There was just an itty bitty smear of cream cheese in each (4) Rangoon and I would guess the closest any of them came to a crab was when the chef waved a crab claw over each.  It was therefore with much trepidation that we waited for our entrees of Singapore noodles and pad Thai to arrive.  The Singapore noodles turned out to be very good and spicy, but the pad Thai was unrecognizable by either looks or taste.
1	I would rather stab my eye with a dull piece of fortune cookie than to revisit this greasy, smoky chinese restaurant in sin city.  It's a sin to charge $15.00 for pan fried noodles anywhere, especially if the server never returns to fill up your water.Plus you need a reservation for this nasty hole.Skip it, you'll thank your intestines.
1	I am very disappointed with this place. I was really embarrassed being that I am asian and when I take my americans fellow coworkers to an asian joint, I usually have this obligation to impress them with something good. Although it is not my duty. So we started off with some appetizers. Had the crab rangoons, minced chicken lettuce wrap and pan fried dumplings. When it came out, I wanted to get up and asked if someone had stolen our crab rangoons. There were only 4 rangoons, and 2 pieces of chicken lettuce wraps that I could have easily snorted up my nostrils with 1 hit. It was difficult to split everything when there's 5 of us with 4 rangoons, 2 lettuces with minced chicken and about 5 dumplings. I didn't find any of it tasty because I was frustrated.When the food came, it was just chinese food that I could have easily ordered from a local chinese take out. I don't know why they make it seem so upscale for. Their service wasn't all that great either.so far every restaurants inside Harrahs' casino is nothing short of disappointment.
3	Ming's Table isn't as bad as most people make it out to be.  But it isn't exactly a place you'd should have dinner at.  For lunch it's not too bad of a deal with their midweek special.  I only came here for the $19.99 all you can eat sushi and minced beef soup deal (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/NFOj3uboFzeNF5X-dWUd_w?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw).  The sushi was pretty bland but I didn't care, I was hungry and wanted a quick lunch and that's exactly what I got, plain and simple.  Might come here for lunch again if I'm staying at Harrah's like last time.  It was a nice convenience.
3	Atmosphere was adequate, but the food was delicious. Lemon chicken was light and crispy--a real surprise.
3	Was craving cheap chinese food so did a quick search and found this place.  It was hidden in the back part of the casino. I thought that $10 for a bowl of wonton noodles was kinda expensive but I guess that's the going rate for food on the LV strip. Surprisingly my bowl of noodles wasn't half bad and the quantity was enough to where I was satisfied with paying $10 for a bowl of noodles.  Service sucked which just gives this little restaurant that little extra bit of an authentic Chinese restaurant feel. All-in-all, go in, eat your food, pay your bill and go. Nothing special.
1	Horrible.... I might be bias because I'm asian and I live in San Francisco so I'm used to a certain standard and quality of Chinese food. I only went to this place because we had a 50% discount on our main dish. And it was still pretty expensive. But it's on the LV strip so I can't expect $5 dishes. But the food was horrible. I can taste the MSG in the sauce. And the meat didn't even taste like meat. It was so mushy I felt like I was eating tofu shaped beef. I tried the singapore noodles, which was a bad idea. It was very bland... that's the best thing I can say about it. The service was okay... It wasn't the greatest service, but definitely wasn't the worst. Our meal came out quickly, which is a plus. But I wouldn't recommend this place.
2	Just had dinner at this restaurant today.  The food here was expensive and doesn't taste like what it should be for the money that would have cost us if we had to pay (friend's family is a seven diamond patron, therefore was all comped). Food:-Grouper with the soy sauce and scallions-doesn't taste like anything buy soy sauce and scallion-green bean with xo sauce-the green beans have a nice crunch to it, but the sauce made it a bit salty-thin crisp noodles w/scallops, shrimps, and veggies-not my thing-clay pot with veggies, beef and other stuff-nah-salmon sashimi-i ate the piece that had a slice of lemon on top, the killed the buttery salmon flavor that i enjoy most...no bueno-hamachi-taste like it was previously frozen-passion tea with fresh fruits-YUMMMY!  we had even asked for some to go!-green tea icecream-you know how some icecream was in the freezer for quite some time and when you eat it, you can taste the ice filming on it?  yep yep, that's what I had.  In addition to that, the inside of my icecream ball was hollow :(Service:  Server was slow and he was lingering around us as if he wanted us to get on out of his area.Comped meal would have cost over $300, but don't think I will be going back for the yumilicious tea.
4	I can't understand why the stars are low on this place! We got a 50% off deal through Tix4Tonight and some of the best mochi ice-cream I've ever had. All-in-all the dinner costs us less than 15$ for two, the food was hot and fresh, and the staff was super nice.
4	ming's table was pretty decent. we all thought it was hella pricey but i was okay. we ordered 2 entree's and a plate of fried rice and some soups. i dont remember how much it was but it wasnt that expensive. it was a reasonable price for 5 people but it was not filling at all. however i did enjoyed the hot and sour soup.
1	We passed this place while in the casino, and the $20 all-you-can-eat sushi and soup caught our eyes. There are 3 soups and about 4 rolls you can choose from. We ordered and then the problems began. The sushi had the sloppiest presentation I have ever seen. The rolls were big and the veggies (cucumbers) in the rolls were HUGE. My mouth hurt from chewing!! The rice was also gross and mushy. No self respecting sushi chef was back there making this mess. Clearly it s a Chinese place with Chinese workers making sushi. The presentation was awful and the menu very overpriced. I broke the cardinal rule of sushi eating- DO NOT GET SUSHI AT A CHINESE PLACE!!! Lol! The sushi was buffet grade at best, but the veggies were cut so big you could nt enjoy the rolls. I didnt have chinese food here, so I cant review that, but I see there are enough bad reviews of that as well so might as well STAY AWAY!! This is my only bad experience in Harrahs. Love the rest of it!
1	We went for the all you can eat sushi and soup deal and sadly the place beat us on this one lol. The sushi was cut up all wrong and was a very mediocre grade of sushi. Everything in the roll was way too big. The price was very overpriced considering the lousy grade of sushi that you receive. Other buffets have mediocre sushi but at least at the other buffets you can eat a lot of other things for the money you paid if you want to avoid the lousy sushi.
2	Good service, but expensive as hell for what you get. The food is avaerage at best.
1	Okay, okay...so i know it's my fault for eating AYCE sushi at a Chinese restaurant in Vegas. But it already happened so I can't take it back now. As one can imagine, the sushi was well below par. The fish was not fresh and it just did not taste good. The service was the only thing nice about this place.Should have noticed no one else was eating there. The only slightly edible item was the california roll - but that really doesn't take much talent.
4	I came here twice on my trip. and the service here is great! The owner Tony is really nice guy too and the food here is pretty good to be honest. I don't know why people are hating on it. Maybe it has changed since they went.Only thing is I'm not a fan of the layout of the restaurant.Pricing is normal for being in a Casino.
3	Keep in mind that I live in Austin, Texas, but am originally from the Bay Area so I have suffered with crappy Asian food for the last five years, knowing full well what good Asian food tastes like. I saw dishes that looked good.  Much better than virtually all of the Chinese food in Austin. Personally, I just ordered a few pieces of sushi for lunch with a glass of wine.   The sushi was good, albeit overpriced.  They had fatty tuna!  (I'm excited because it doesn't exist in Texas that I know of.)   The fish was sliced thin -- but was really really good.   I very much enjoyed it.  They have a $21 all you can eat sushi special.  I think that this is probably the best thing to get here.
3	I ate here with a co- worker.  The place has nice decor, but it was empty.  For an appetizer we ordered honey glazed spare ribs.  They were awful.  Very tough meat, cold temp.  Just bad.  For entrees, we chose the green pepper steak and generals chicken.  Surprisingly, both were really good.  The service was also very good and attentive.
4	Their fried rice is to die for!
3	On Saturday 5/26 we stopped at Ming's Table in Harrah's for a quick bite to eat before taking in the Divas show next door at Imperial Palace. We were greeted immediately by the hostess and led to a table. We ordered their hong kong soup (won ton), beef chow fun and walnut shrimp. The food tasted ok but far from what you would have experienced if you ate at Zine in the Palazzo. Pricing was a little high but no where near what you would've paid at Zine. Besides...we're on the LV strip baby...
2	I was really disappointed in this place.  Kung pao chicken and roasted duck and it was very expensive and not so good.  You'd think with all the Asians gambling around they'd take a little more care in the kind of Chinese food they offer.I passed up Panda Express and wish I hadn't.
5	Stop what you are doing and order the Fried Banana dessert.  O...M...G....! First, it looks amazing.  I had a brief moment where I didn't want to eat my food because the presentation was too exquisite...but I got over it and devoured my dish.  It was the best...and I mean...the best fried banana I have ever had in my life! The chef prepares it as ordered and it is AMAZING!!!!!!Now, I didn't just have dessert but I needed to start with what really impressed me.  I ordered the spicy tuna sushi.  I judge my food by the look; it didn't look as appealing as I would have liked, but it was WONDERFUL!In addition, I signed up for the Total Rewards card and received a discount on my order.Overall, this has been a 5-star experience for me.
1	Ate here with my parents while visiting them last week. I have had authentic Chinese and fast food Chinese. This was neither. It was just incredibly greasy, poorly prepared food. The only dish that was decent was the pork fried rice. Pretty tough to really mess this up but surprised they didn't!Food served quickly. Then service disappeared. Strange place. Never again.
1	I have eaten here several times. Average Chinese. What took the case today was the refusal of the chef to give me sushi Togo. He was concerned about the integrity. You are not f$$$ in nobu. I am so tired of average chefs trying to be better than they think they are.
3	Decent food, quick service. I don't regret eating there, but it wasn't a standout.I had the spring rolls, which were unremarkable. Maybe there's no way to make those things good. (Or maybe I just don't like them very much and should order something else!)The special fried rice was decent, with a good flavor and good selection of meats and veggies throughout. It was not too oily. The hallmark of lousy fried rice is that it's swimming in oil. That was not the case here.My order was taken by the hostess, who was unable to answer any questions about the food. "What's in the ____?" I asked. "I don't have any idea," she said, "I'm just helping out the waiter." Well, not really, you're not.Over a 4-night stay, I chose not to return, but I wasn't disappointed with my meal.
3	Little over priced but service and food were good.
5	I frequent Harrah's about twice a year for a girls weekend and every time, we eat at least one dinner at Ming's Table.  So far everything has been delicious!  I've tried the kung pao chicken, beef and broccoli, the wonton soup is awesome and so is the chicken with cashew nuts.  They have such an extensive menu, it'll take me 5 years to try everything!
2	Don't waste your time or money.Disappointing food. The "cucumber salad" tasted more like a bread and butter pickle salad. I took one bite and sent it back.Service wasn't great, took the waiter a fairly long time to get to us. When he did, he barked "what do you want?" Instead of a friendly greeting.I had the chicken and noodle soup, husband had the Hong Kong noodles. They were both fine, but not good enough to want to go back.Wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
2	If you want to eat mediocre chinese food in a restaurant that reeks of smoke, then this is the place to come.  We stopped here for a quick bite to eat before going to a Comedy show at Harrahs.All the dishes were way too salty.  The house special soup was cold!  Everything was expensive.The only good thing that I can say is that it did not get a 1 star rating from me.  We will not repeat coming back here again.
3	We stayed at Harrah's and ate lunch at Ming's Table.  I had the Dan Dan Noodles, my fiance had the Supreme Lo Mein and we shared the BBQ Spare Ribs.  My man also ordered the Volcano.  Overall, it was pretty good!The best part was the Dan Dan Noodles.  Lo Mein noodles with chopped pork, water chestnuts and mushrooms in a great gravy poured over top, with as few or as many thinly sliced jalapenos for spice.  SO GOOD!  Definitely the best thing we ate there.  The Supreme Lo Mein was good, but not great.  The shrimp were cooked really well, which is sometimes a feat in itself.  The BBQ Spare Ribs were basic.  The Volcano is a huge bowl of tropical fruit juices and rum, with a shot of 151 floating in the middle.  Yum for sharing! I would have given this place 5 stars, but the service was not great.  Our waitress visited the table next to us three times before even coming over to say hello to us. It took over 10 minutes to be acknowledged for a drink (by someone other than our server, who, oddly, could not explain one of the menu items for us...because he was not our server, he said).  It took at least another 15 minutes for our server to come to us and take our order.  Although, after taking our order, the food came out pretty quickly. Bonus.. with your Total Rewards Card you get a discount and earn comps. If the rest of the food was as good as the Dan Dan Noodles, I would give this place 5 stars, despite the service, but with only 1 out of 3 dishes better than basic and poor service, you only get three stars. I wouldn't make a special trip, but if we were to stay at Harrah's again, we'd definitely go back for the Dan Dan Noodles!
4	My husband & I ate at Ming's Table while we were waiting to see a show at Harrah's. The casino is a big smelly smoke pit. So, my expectations weren't high. My husband had the lemon chicken, & I had pad Thai. Both were very good. We were pleasantly surprised. If you can overlook the smoke from the casino & still enjoy the meal, you'll be ok!
3	Siam Chicken Curry for dinner = holy hell spicy. I couldn't even finish it and the server couldn't come around fast enough with water. I felt bad that the this big bowl was going to go to waste but I just couldn't stick it out. This spot is located at Harrah's and near the first set of elevators. Whenever I walked by it was never busy so no need to wait in a line like many restaurants on the Strip. Nice service but not overly friendly.
1	I ate here out of default. I should've known better than to settle for a random restaurant, but I was starving and so was my boyfriend and his mom. My bf's mother had just checked in to her room and taking the time to research a good restaurant or walk around to find something familiar would've taken too long. I ordered the Salt & Pepper Pork because I loved eating Salt & Pepper chicken back home & figured this would taste similar. My bf ordered the Honey Walnut Shrimp & Scallop Fried Rice (which didn't really have scallops. Scallop flakes were just mixed in with the rice). His mother ordered a seafood soup. The food came out and the soup was the first thing that I had. It tasted okay. The seafood in it was bland. Then I went for the Salt & Pepper Pork. The first bite that I took, I spit out. It tasted like fat! So I bit into the other end and it was still fat! So i tried another piece just to see if I just happened to get a fat piece the first time, but nope! The second piece that I tried was fatty too! Hated it!!! I went for the rice next and it wasn't so bad. Not as flavorful but it was definitely better than the fat that I had just eaten. Sad that the meal wasn't going as well as I had hoped, I was willing to give the Honey Walnut Shrimp a chance. Wrong decision. It was nasty!! The glaze didn't taste anything like the typical Honey Walnut Shrimp glaze that I was used to. Tasted like fatty mayo was glazed all over it. I wanted to raise my voice as I complained about the food, but I also didn't want to start trouble. I think I was also just shocked at how many large groups were dining there. I wondered if they actually liked their food cuz non of them had that disgusted/dissatisfied look on their faces. It could be that they weren't as affected by the food because they were enjoying each other's company, or it could also be that they weren't starving before they ate, so they weren't as let down as I was. Either way, My boyfriend, his mother, and I hated this place. Never eating there again!
2	I was looking forward to a tuna melt at the Cafe in Harrah's the night I arrived, unfortunately, the 24 hour cafe was closed on Thursdays for several hours in the evenings.So, right next door was Ming's Table!  Perhaps the cafe being closed in the evening hours is a ploy to drive more business to the casino's other restaurants?  Anyway, I was hungry and didn't want to pay for room service, so in I went.I was seated immediately.  Seating is ample and there is a nice little seating area fenced in out front where you can watch the human element as they trek by.  If you like to people watch, ask for a seat there.  Personally, I had my kindle in hand and just wanted a quiet table tucked away in the back where I could eat and read in peace.Sadly, the best part of the meal was the hot tea.  It was a green tea, light and fragrant and they bring out the entire pot so you can refill your mug at your own convenience.  I ordered a sushi roll, the Dragon roll.  It came out almost immediately which concerned me somewhat as there is tempura shrimp in it which should normally require cooking before assembly if the roll was made fresh!  Well, it wasn't fresh, it was pre-cooked and perhaps just assembled to order.  At least the spicy tuna molded on top of the roll was tasty.I got the Pepper Steak for dinner.  Unfortunately, while the portion was huge (served on a family serving style platter), it was terribly bland.  The sauce had no heat or spiciness whatsoever and was overpowered by the amount of fragrant ginger used in it.  The meat wasn't carmelized at all, it looked like it had been boiled and dropped into the weak sauce.  The peppers were poorly cut... big ole chunks, including from the bottom of the bell pepper... who wants to eat that??  I'm experienced with a pair of chopsticks, but I had to work overtime to get these things from plate to mouth without firing them off in all directions.  In the end, I only ate about a quarter of the dish, and while I had a fridge in my suite, I didn't bother asking for the rest to go.Overall, it was an experience, but once was enough for me.
4	For a place inside the casino it was pretty bomb. The prices were moderate but the ingredients were fresh!
1	My impression of this place was not good. I ordered a spicy (according to the menu) and found that not only was the food not spicy, it was bland. the choices are boring and uninspired. And, when the bill came it was around $23.00, not inexpensive for one dish and a glass of water. Service is slow and uncaring. I believe for the price there are many better options in the nearby area. Note, this review reflects my opinions and is posted as opinion not expert facts.
