2	My husband was so sweet to get my flowers for valentines day.  I work at a very large hospital in the OR. Unfortunately, the flower delivery person could not locate me. She left a message on my phone saying her name was Isabel and to call her back. As soon as I had a moment to leave the operating room I called her back and and asked her to please re deliver the flowers. She said she already left and wouldn't re deliver (rudely) and said I would have to call the shop. (Then why leave me your number in the first place?).  I called the shop and they were very nice and literally gave me no hesitation and said no problem they will have her re deliver them.  At the very end of the day she called my cell phone (when I specifically said to call the  number i gave for the dept (luckily I had my cell phone) and I told her she would need a volunteer to show her where the or was and let her in (as everything is secure), I signed for the flowers an thanked her 3 times for coming back. As soon as she left my colleagues pulled me aside and said she was speaking very badly of me to the Volunteer! Saying I was demanding her to come back and other rude things I will not share. First of all, it is valentines day and my husband spent the money (and flower shops are not cheap) to have them come to me, 2nd if delivering flowers is part of your job why are you getting upset if I want them redelivered and why not try calling the person who bought the flowers if you need a little more direction on what dept to deliver them to? And finally, if you are going to be unprofessional and speak POORLY about the customer, do it on YOUR OWN TIME. Do not do it where people can hear you and CERTAINLY not to a 16y/o hospital volunteer who only came back and apologized for her behavior. (Very nice of him but I assured him he wasn't at fault). I was so upset that I called the flower shop and told them how disgusted I was with the unprofessionalism displayed by Isabel. The only reason I gave 2 stars instead of 1 is because the owner did apologize.  The tulips I received were pretty wilted but it's tough to say if they came that way from florist or if they got a bit beat up from being out for delivery all day. I really would have preferred to not have received the flowers and that my husband get his money back because now when I look at the flowers I just become reminded and upset of Isabel's actions. Happy Valentine's day to me.
1	This was THE WORST EXPERIENCE of my 58 years. We ordered a flower arrangement directly from J & A Flowers on Thursday July 25th for our Aunt who's service was on Monday July 29th at 9:00 am. On Monday at 8:40, which was 20 minutes away from the service we received a call from J & A Flowers telling us that the girl who took the order failed to get the expiration date from our Debit Card, so the FLOWERS WOULD NOT BE DELIVERED AS PROMISED. They told us that they did not call us about this problem on Friday or Saturday because their Credit Card Machine was "DOWN". Instead they waited until 20 MINUTES before the service to contact us in Michigan. My wife who had the dates they requested was at work and could not be reached at that time, so they REFUSED TO DELIVER THE FLOWERS!! The MANAGER PATRICIA was the WORST MANAGER I have ever had the experience of dealing with and SHE SHOULD BE FIRED! This company HAS NO COMPASSION WHATSOEVER and I WOULD NEVER CALL THEM AGAIN or REFER THEM TO ANYONE!! BEWARE of this company who cares only about the almighty dollar at a time of sorrow and death!!!!!!!!
5	Very pleased with my request! I called looking to order flowers for my Mom who loves flowers & dogs.. When making small talk with the lady on the phone she suggested ordering a bouquet of flowers shaped like a puppy. Awesome idea!The process was quick, the service was great and the outcome was impactful to say the least! My Mom called me when the flowers were delivered, crying of joy. I recommend J&A to everyone & if you want to surprise your loved one with a kind gesture go for it! Pro Tip: women love flowers! Oldest trick in the book. Thank you J&A!
