3	I first experienced Globetrotters on a school trip - we were looking for something cheap, cheerful and clean! Globetrotters definitely delivered! It makes a change from your standard hotsel as the building is really beautiful, it's a typical of the Georgian-style you can see in Edinburgh's New Town and the interior is really modern! Yeah you can definitely tell it's a hostel, it reminds me a bit of an insane asylum, but it's nice enough. It's really bright and colourful.I was in a room with 6 beds, bunk beds, and it was pleasant enough. Each bed had a little curtain to separate it from everyone else. It was quite difficult to climb up to the top-bunk, however. The bathrooms were huge - reminded me of my primary school days, but again nice and clean.As the Inn is about 20 mins outside Edinburgh there was a free bus that took us into town whenever we wanted, and picked us up whenever we called. There were a few hen parties on the same floor as us, and it was brilliant for that.Overall, it's quite pleasant! There was a big kitchen so we could make our own food and a nice area to eat it in. A-Ok!
4	So I found this place a couple of years ago with a few friends wanting to find a fantastic, yet cheap place to stay. This place is definitely it! The drinks were cheap, the service to and from the city centre was more than adequate, and it's only a short walk from everything you'd need. Recommended for students and backpackers.
4	This is your typical hostel. You can get single/double rooms, or stay in the super cheap 6 person rooms. This place is pretty sound proof and had no problems sleeping. There is a bar downstairs with super nice bartenders there to answer any questions til midnight at least normally.They also have a shuttle service that will drop off and pick you up at any nearby stations and sometimes the tourist destinations if they're not busy and in a good mood. Which is helpful as its out on the edge of town. We had not one issue here and had a great time! We met a lot of new friends too. There was lots of room to socialize if you wanted to, and room to be by yourself if that was your preference.
