1	Jim is rude! Don't go here.
2	Very dissatisfied! I brought my car in after a collision and had countless issue with this location. They called a few times to inform me how progress was being made which I liked. Then after about a month, month in a half, my car was finally "done". I received a call from one of there mechanics saying I could pick up my car after 12:00 p.m the next day. I showed up at 12:30 p.m to get my car and had already returned my rental and to my surprise is wasn't ready, as I was told it would be. They said I could come back in an hour if possible and they would have it done then. I agreed and returned in the hour. My car had dust everywhere on it and there was still glass in my back seat from the accident that they didn't bother to vacuum up. At this point I was in a rush to get to work and didn't have time to properly inspect my car and noticed unfinished work a few days later. So I went back and they fixed one of the issues. The other issue was that one of the panels they put on my car was damaged. The man I talked to, Jim, said they "forgot" to mention it to me and they ordered a new one and would contact me when it was in, which took two months and countless calls for it to be fixed properly. On top of this every encounter I had with Jim he made me feel uncomfortable. He would call me hun and sweetheart VERY UNPROFFESIONAL and gave me very little personal space when speaking. I will never be going back to any service king/ auto body world locations ever again. Best luck to you.
1	I don't even know where to start. We took our car to get the body fix from someone hitting my car in the parking lot. It was just a body fix, our car was running fine and nothing was wrong with it besides the body. Well it was in the shop for a week and when we went to pick it up on Thursday, the power steering was acting up. So my husband didn't even drove it 5 feet and had to turn back around. He explained to Bryan what had happened and he said he will have his mechanic look at it the next day. Well next day later he calls us that it was actually a recall for my car and that we had to take it to the dealership to get it fixed. My husband pick it up and the recall paper said "only in Canada" but Bryan said he called and it was also for my car. That was Friday afternoon, we left town that weekend and came back home Sunday, thinking our car needs to go back to the dealership, well Tuesday my husband was off work so he went to take a close look at my car and realized that it was jut a fuse that blew out and that it was just a $5 fix. So to make this a little bit shorter, my husband who is not a mechanic can figure it out in 5 minutes when their mechanic can't? Does that make sense? And my husband did call our dealership to see about the recall and the girl said that my car was not recall for that and that it was only in Canada. So for 5 days here we are thinking we need to take it to the shop and get it fix, we were stressed about who's car to borrow and such, for something that could have easily been fix? When my husband called them to explain that he had fix the car that there's no way that the mechanic look at it, Bryan was apologetic and said he would have his manager call us back. We'll he never did call us back we had to call him two weeks later! And when my husband ask what he can do for us since, we were out of car for that long, he said I'll give you the $5 out of pocket to pay for the part and that there no proof that the car got broken in the shop. Well first of all it did, because when we brought it in it was perfectly fine, second why where they even looking under the hood? Third did the mechanic even look at it?...to add to that my lights inside my car are not turning on either. I will never ever ever go back to service king, my car got more damaged while it was in their care.
5	Normally car repair places probably get slammed on review sites, but I really did have a great experience with Service King.I was referred there by my insurance company. My service advisor, Judda called me and we scheduled an inspection to make sure that everything damaged in the accident was identified and accounted for.Throughout the process, his communication with me was outstanding and the timetable for the repairs to be completed were met.The quality of the repairs was excellent and you would never have known that my car was in an accident.After i picked up my car, there was an issue with the air conditioning that may or may not have been related to the accident, but they fixed it at no cost and sent me on my way.
5	I hit a patio chair on the 101 a few weeks ago on my way to work and completely ruin the front end to my car.  Needless to say, I was pretty upset about it and called my insurance company.  I went to Service King in East Mesa.  They treated me great and kept me in the loop via phone calls and text messages about the status of my car.  Christina was helpful and she is an all-star at her job.  My car looks like it rolled out of the factory now and they did an excellent job.  I recommend them.
