5	Where to begin to do justice to this experience. The University of Wisconsin Memorial Union Rathskeller.  For those of you not familiar with German-American culture, a "rathskeller" is German for what essentially amounts to a Bavarian-style restaurant and/or tavern featuring lots of beer and often located in a basement or subterranean area of some sort.  The UW's Rathskeller loosely fits this description except in that its located on the main floor of the University's Union.  This is the defining common leisure space of the entire university community, and - along with Paul Bunyan and the Green Bay Packers - one of the most fabled wonders in Wisconsin lore.  Many cherished bonds are formed here as young and old, students and alumni, congregate day and night to share beer and laughs and to relax in the warm rusticated embrace of this great building.  For me, the place holds many of my most precious memories.  I'm not embarrassed to admit that I would often sit here for hours on end - all day sometimes - studying, snacking, drinking, playing cards, meeting and greeting friends who would pass through or likewise camp out for hours just to sit and chat on blustery winter days, because everyone did it.  This was my home away from home; a feeling I've never really known for any other place.  And if you've ever visited or attended school at the UW, you know exactly what I'm talking about.  I hope you are smiling right now, recalling your own wistful memories.
3	I guess I'm just not Wisconsin enough, or have been spoiled by too many brats in actual, Germany-bound Ratskellers, but this one always feels vaguely tomb-like despite its serviceable corn chowder (which I imagine is normally less-than-available beyond the grave.)
5	A student union in the manner of a German restaurant that serves beer - indeed, a whole pitcher for $8.50!!!! - automatically gets five stars.
5	I had to give the Rathskeller five stars - I have so many good memories of this place. As a student, you come here to get away from our housemates, on break from class, to study, to watch open mike night, to grab some Bascom ice cream, and the list goes on. Only in Wisconsin is the student union heavily influenced by German food, libations, and decor. This won't be the fanciest place you've been but it shouldn't be. It's an every man's place and everyone feels home here. On Wisconsin.
5	The Rathskeller is one of my favorite places in the world.   A great place to grab a beer and a sandwich and hang with the cool students of UW.   The best sandwich in Madison (the Ribeye) can be got here at the cafeteria (the cafeteria is an inexpensive place to grab lunch in Madison).   Many people hang out on the Terrace outside the Rathskeller, and the Terrace has an iconic status all its own, but there is something magical about the Rathskeller with it cozy amiable vibe.   In my time I have seen hundreds of students all watching a movie there laughing, quaffing dark beer, eating popcorn, and making snappy comments in unison.  You have to love a university union that has beer on draft (caveat to order beer there you have to be a student or taking classes or attending a conference).  On my first visit to the Rathskeller years ago I went out on the Terrace and watched a Reggae band go into a long extended hypnotic riff, while several female co-eds danced topless in front of hundreds of people amid the incense of you know what.   But that was a few years back.  Some nights, I am sure can be dull and uneventful with people playing cards, and studying quietly, but still, it's a place where magic can happen.   Most of all it is a welcoming place.  Very friendly and welcoming.  Just think about it: all the people who have been in there have been mostly happy, and that cheerfulness has permeated the place and now echoes from every corner.
5	The sheer power and aura around this place for ten minutes helped finalize my decision to go to UW-Madison. I wanted to be there. The setting is that good.Enough said.
5	a) Spotted Cow on tap.b) fireplaces!c) right next to Library School (drunk librarians!)d) amazing jukebox! (THE CLASH!)e) salty popcorn.
3	This place is nice when you want to be in the college environment.  There is plenty of seating.  Grab a cheap pitcher on tap, some popcorn, and chill in the back corner where there's a TV that airs sport games.  Not too noisy except on nights with shows or DJs. Got Fat Tire on tap and it tasted a little old, so stick to the regular favorites.  The staff are friendly on serving sizes too.
5	If you are considering attending the University of Wisconsin as an option for college, you MUST visit the Rathskeller to see what's up.  I remember coming here 10 years ago when I was on my college tour and this place sealed the deal.  It's unlike any other student union on any other campus I've seen.  When you walk in, you feel both instantly cozy and but somehow have plenty of room.  The whole place is all dark wood and murals and arcs of doorways and German decorating.  The cafeteria also makes awesome sandwiches and gigantic chocolate chip cookies.  There's nothing like looking out the window on a snowy day overlooking the lake as you sip cocoa or heading down for a couple beers on open mic night.  This place is one of my favorite places on earth.  You will love it.
5	This place has actually improved (since I attended this institution back in the Dark Ages) in one key respect -- the jukebox actually has a legitimately diverse selection now!  It's not the frat-boy douchebag musicbox that spouted out "Wherewolves of London", "Tempted" and every song on the Bob Marley "Legend" Album every miserable day that I worked in the cafeteria.  I mean, you can actually make everybody listen to "Love TKO" and "I Don't Love You Anymore" now.  Much nicer.One thing that hasn't changed, and knock wood never will -- the Paul Bunyan Room. The wonderful, wonderful PWA murals of the great lumberjack legends still surround the room in vibrant, living color.
3	Getting here early to avoid the long lines and crowds is probably a good idea. The breakfast sandwiches are tasty and the atmosphere is nice; pick a table to the side, grab your cup of coffee and start the people watching!
4	Great ambience.  Good beer, very chill.  Open for many groups.  Boots = good times.What happened to the polka band on thursdays??? they were the best!
3	Decent cafeteria food, nothing more.
1	They changed up the Rathskeller recently, and it is not for the better.  First of all, they decided that every sandwich HAS to have a side item: chips, fries, carrots, etc.  If all you want is a burger, you are SOL.  Next problem, food was disgusting!  It was low quality and suffocated by a giant bun.  Grossest brat I have had since some people in Chicago tried to make beer brats.  On top of that, they now charge more than the KK, which has better food (before 2) and is only a block away.  Now the only reason to go there is to socialize or study.
4	The beer hall is just okay, it reminds me of a cafeteria that serves beer.  Kinda lame, but beer makes it good.  The adjoining Terrace is completely awesome though, I think the locals see them as being a couple different places though.
4	Didn't go to UW but everyone tells me that our family's sigil should be a badger!  So we had to check out the Rat in the heart of badger land.  Glad we did.  We had a late breakfast... good cheap eats with a nice patio and beautiful lake view.  Not a bad place to be a student!  or a tourist!
3	The food is only ok. Kind of expensive for the portion sizes, but I suppose you are paying for convenience. I really like the buffalo chicken wraps. They have a nice kick to them. All of the wraps are good as are the fries.One of the stars is for the beer. The selection is pretty good and it's fun to hang out at the Rath and play pool, watch a movie or listen to live music. They have open mic nights too. You can buy a decently sized bag of popcorn to go with your pitcher of beer.
2	Here's the deal.  Der Rathskeller is the bar, where you get beer, it's the hall, where you sit.  It's not the place you get food, which is confusing because it's adjacent, but that's called Der Stiftskeller.I LOVE Der Rathskeller, I used to bartend there, I spent most of my college weekends tending bar and listening to awesome bands.  I used to also love Der Stiftskeller, where you could get great burgers, awesome burritos, and REAL beer cheese soup, not to mention great chili.  The recent renovation of the menu in an attempt to conjure a bit of old Germany left the place sadly lacking.  I've had far better German food (FYI - a panini is not German), and can't believe I'm saying this, but I miss the grill and the bar food.  And please, what the heck happened to the beer cheese soup??  Ack!And, stop calling your red vegetable soup chili, you used to have chili, someone must still have the recipe.
5	The food is very good & the prices R great, especially for the amt of food you get.
5	Always wanted to find a nice spot that has tables designed for work like a coffee shop but serves beer. This spot does that, part student union, part patio, part coffee shop this place have everything you need. Food is great I recommend the smoked salmon sandwich - the only complaint is that they don't let you sub out fries, but they are fantastic so roll with it. A lot of college types and special events here. Always good ppl watching. Favorite place I've visited this year.
2	This review is for the Rathskeller in its current (under construction) condition.It is an historic room, that has been very well-loved over the years. The food is pretty decent- largish portion sizes, tasty, but nothing too exotic or well-sourced.The main problem it has right now is that there is no longer any tap beer. I really cannot picture being in the Rathskeller without a pitcher of beer. Maybe that makes me an alcoholic; I think it makes me a Madisonian.If I could give it 1.5 stars right now, I would. I have had awesome times in this place, and I'm sure I will in the future, but right now, I have no reason to go there. There are better places to eat, cheaper places to drink, and better places to watch sports, music groups, etc.If you're in from out-of-town, you should stop by and walk through the place, but I know I'll be waiting until after remodeling is done to visit again. And I live nearby. And this hurts me.
2	Meh. It started raining so I was forced to run I to this place. I didn't know how long the rain would last, and it was around dinner time, so I grabbed a quick bite to eat. I ordered poutine, these sausage balls and a salad - so healthy I know. When my food was ready, the waitress informed me that the gravy for the poutine was out :( then I was offered to be reimbursed or cheese curds. I opted for the cheese curds but the was given the fries and cheese sans gravy. The waitress said I could still have the cheese curds on the house since the fries weren't really poutine but I was too embarrassed about all the food on my plate. When I was describing this place to my friend, I told her it was like Disney world but not over priced. The restaurant is all dressed up in German decor, the food is mediocre but not expensive.
