3	This was my maiden voyage into Massage Envy.  I received a gift certificate back at Christmas and really wanted to cash it in.  I arrived early to fill out paperwork and to start the relaxation process.  Work has been super busy for the past month or so and I can feel the knots in my back growing.  It's spring and yet I don't have much time to play outside and I feel the "me time" depleting with every passing day.I booked the 90 minute Swedish massage and man did I need it.  The therapist worked on my back for about 75% of the time!  This was the first time I have ever visited a massage therapist and they actually spent so much time on my problem areas.   Maybe this is the first time I have ever really had bad problem areas or maybe this therapist was more in tune with my knots.  Either way I am now more in tune with how much stress I allow to enter my body.  The massage certainly help relieve stress but I never really felt completely relaxed.I am giving this 3 stars based on these 3 things:  1)  The rooms were not very spa like.  They were very basic in design and only had one light on a dimmer.  I suggest several general lights with dimmers, candles and possibly task lighting that could be on a dimmer as well. 2) they did not use aromatherapy as far as candles or oils. 3) As I was paying they tried to sell me a membership.   I am here to relax and not be sold anything extra.  It did help with my back pain but I don't see myself here for a relaxing spa day.  It seems this may not be their target anyway and maybe I just misunderstood what they were all about.
4	I've been to this location Massage Envy on several occasions. The massage therapist, Traci, did a great job. She listened to my preferences and administered a relaxing and effective massage. I will certainly be going back to her again.The reception area is small and can get pretty packed on the hour as clients are completing their massage and others going in. The girls behind the counter get flustered easily so I suggest making sure they charge correctly. It's interesting that sometimes having to deal with the cashiers post-massage can ruin the experience due to going from true relaxation to the hustle and bustle of the waiting room. If not for Traci's wonderful work I may have given 3 stars.
5	I visited this Massage Envy on a very strong recommendation for a specific therapist "Mike".    Mike was billed as "the best massage in town" by a friend who gets frequent massages (around town).   My back has been hurting, so decided to check it out for myself.  When I went in my back was in terrible shape, with knots and grinding pain.   I requested a firm (full body massage) and 90 minutes later, I felt like a new man, completely relaxed, with no pain whatsoever.   Mike was as good as he was billed to be.  Mike is built like an NFL linebacker, which offers some advantages.   He has great strength and  technique, but more importantly he listens and ask questions to determine exactly the right kind of massage.   I am throughly impressed with Mike and look forward to my next massage with him.   My massage from Mike was sensational (a true 5 star), but I'd probably rate the overall  Massage Envy experience, a star or two lower.   I don't particularly like the busy strip mall location, the utilitarian massage rooms, or the general state of the front desk,  but  I feel the cost savings (over a  pricer spa) are well worth it.   I will follow Mike where ever he goes.  Overall, I think Massage Envy is a mixed bag, but my massages from Mike have been absolutely A+ !
4	Being a member is the way to go! $40 a month and you get a massage every month. If you dont use it one month, they roll over. If you open your eyes, they often have specials you can take advantage of if you make your next appointment in advance - for example, a free additional half hour massage. Who doesnt love that?They also have a masseuse for all people and ages. Tell them what you are looking for when you book your appt and they'll get you taken care of
4	Coming to you straight from massage paradise. This afternoon, I experience Massage Envy in my background with my three best girlfriends visiting from out of town. We were surprised by one of the fine ladies who had built-up massages with her membership and was kind enough to offer them to us! So we packed up our purses and headed over to be pampered! I love Massage Envy for a couple reasons:1. their services are extremely reasonable. 2. their masseuses know what they are doing and listen to your needs and requests. 3. talk about in and out service! 4. They are on time with the appointment time 5. Massage Envy's are everywhere throughout the Valley! I had an amazing one-hour massage. When I get a massage I don't like to get into a conversation with the masseuse and luckily for me, mine was quiet and focused. The hour flew by and I could have enjoyed another 2 hours of one. They offer a membership for $40 a month that will get you a massage every month and if you don't use it that month you can use it another time without an expiration date. After my massage today, I could definitely see myself getting a membership!
1	Complete disappointment - I called to make an appointment for this evening and was told there were several available openings, one being in the next 30 min.  I was then asked if I was a member or a new customer.  Once I mentioned I was a new customer, I was put on hold for several min only to be told that the 2 available  appointments had been booked and the next opening was at 9pm.  No thank you.
2	I'm giving this Massage Envy location two stars because over numerous visits I've really not had a good experience. My first massage a couple years ago was fine. Being that I'm located between this one and the Marketplace one it was a toss up and a matter of convenience that I decided to book a second massage for my mom's birthday. That's where my experience got progressively worse. I am familiar with the fact that they are independently owned and franchises but I still to this day cannot believe the unprofessional and almost rude manner in which they treated my mom. I had purchased a gift certificate physically at the Marketplace location thinking it could be used anywhere...which I'm pretty sure it can. My mom came to visit me several day later and because this location was more convenient I scheduled a time for her stating that I had a gift card. She arrives and I received a call from her stating that they had no record of the gift card. I really couldn't believe it. I made a call to the Marketplace location then back to this location and because of this my mom had to reschedule her appointment and of course it was not an enjoyable experience. The front desk girls told my mom that though they were indeed the same company, they didn't have a central reservation system. I find that hard to believe. That's the negative experience I had with their customer service.I'm rarely one to completely dismiss a place so I gave them another try last year. I bought a massage for myself and my girlfriend. For whatever reason, it was truly the worst massage I have received (out of say 10-15 that I've had). The massage was extremely light, and I barely felt a thing. My girlfriend had a different masseuse, but experienced the same type of forgetful massage. I'm not one to bark up a tree but she did...and managed to get a refund for that.I can only hope anyone who visits gets a positive experience, because my initial one was great, but I do recommend keeping receipts of any gift card purchases (lesson learned) and making sure you ask and remember what therapist you had (if you liked them) because it really does make all the difference. That being said I've been to numerous Massage Envys around the Valley and really have had only good experiences except for this location.p.s. And yes the membership push is a common and unfortunate theme for all of them.
1	If I could give less than one star I would. Total waste of time. Go elsewhere.Rather than going to a client dinner relaxed and happy I'm going pissed off.  They just don't get it. I asked that the owner call me back, but apparently that's not going to happen as only a manager seems to have an interest in my complaint.Really bad customer service.
1	I asked for a call from the owner.  Never heard from them - apparently they don't care either.  I guess that's why their staff don't care either.
1	I signed up for massage envy a year ago.  I really like it at first.  One thing i didn't like is I would find someone that I really liked then they would quit or get fired.  Second I moved to Arizona and here they don't have the nice tranquility room and it seems that the hour long massage that I pay $60 for has shortened to 45 minutes.  It doesn't make me happy that they advertise 60 minute massages but you only actually get 45 minutes.  I don't recommend massage envy to anyone, you can find better deals out there, maybe get 60 minutes for $45, I've seen this deal out there.
1	If there was a way to give negative stars, I would. This place has been a constant disappointment in every way. They keep charging me the fees and the "manager" only comes in once a week and doesn't return phone calls. Worst customer service of any local business I have experienced. My saga started over a year ago when I went in for the first massage, it was great. When your feeling relaxed and happy, then they hook you into a year long contract and that's where it gets messy. All of a sudden the therapist you started with no longer works there. Come to find out the amount of turnover here is out of control and you can rarely get the same person twice. They are mostly straight out of massage school and have no experience. The ones that are any good leave for better places like Elements. If you try to cancel, no such luck! Wait it out. I waited, thought I cancelled but apparently it was just a freeze for 6 months. Time goes by and I notice a charge on my card again, yey!  No phone call from them to say hey we are charging again, no email, nothing. Go to find the place, and they moved. Now its officially cancelled, but I have to wait 30 days and another billing cycle to make that happen. So thats one more charge for a membership I have no interest in ever using. DONT SIGN A CONTACT HERE.
5	Laura P. was amazing.
5	Joelle is the best massage therapist I'd ever had. Joelle is very professional and extremely attentive. I feel very lucky to have come across Joelle and will continue to go back time after time for her services. :)
5	Jared is the best massage therapist I have encountered at this location. He is extremely skilled, and knowledgeable.
1	The manager at this location should be fired.  First off they ran  out of mint aroma therapy.  A ten dollar upcharge.  Rip Off all the way. The manager probably only has a few things to do and it is incomprehensible that they could run out of a simple thing like that.  Then we wanted to use one of our " banked" monthly charges but were told that there would be a ten dollar transfer charge for my spouse to use one of my credits.  Total crap!  Then I received one of the worst massages of my life.  My masseuse used no pressure and missed many parts of my body.  Jamie was his name.  It must have been his first  massage.I am also a member at Kaologie at Hilton Village, aroma therapy is free, great masseuses, hot towels are used and the rooms are much nicer.Goodby  Massage Envy, Kaologie has our business from now on!
5	I am completely obsessed with Erin McClure. I have been seeing Erin for about a year now, I'd say, and never once have I had a bad massage. I usually do trigger point .. I think? .. She focuses exclusively on the knots in my back, neck, and shoulders, and completely diffuses them without it ever being painful for me (a huge difference from other massage therapists I've had where I walk away feeling beat up and bruised). Beyond being a great massage therapist, Erin has offered additional advice for me over the year. Most recently, I had numbness in my thumb from working out, and she was able to tell me (likely) what nerve I pinched, and how best to handle the situation. She's just extremely knowledgeable about massage therapy, and the body in general, which I think is key. I sent my mom in to visit Erin, too. She said it was the best massage ever! Then, months later, she was gifted a massage at a local hotel. Afterwards, she called me to complain about how "the massage was nothing like Erin's." Well, duh. I almost never ever stray from Erin (like maybe twice in the last year, and I go once a month - minimum). If I'm completely desperate for a massage and have a tight schedule, I then prefer Laura P. If neither of them are available? I cry, schedule for Erin's next availability, and exercise a bit of patience. When you do take my advice, and schedule time in Erin's calendar, make sure you say Erin M. I think there's a guy Aaron, and maybe even another female Erin.. so make sure you don't mess it up! :)
2	Business really deserves ZERO STARS  but the massage therapist are great so I will be generous on this one The management at the PV Store and Corporate Office are horrible. My wife and I have been dealing with the manager (Let's call her by her first initial "H")  and the corporate office ( "R")  for over 6 months now on a cancelled membership and  they cant seem to fix and credit us what is due.  I had the same issue on my membership but it was with another location and they fixed it immediately.  This office is totally not organized and continues to charge our account even though we cancelled over 6 months ago and they have even admitted fault via the phone and in person but still can't seem to correct the issue. We now have been paying interest on over $150 in wrongful charges for 6 months Massage Envy is a great deal but if they don't change management, I suggest you find another option.
3	I have been a member for years. I have always booked massages with Antoine. He is wonderful. He has a smile from ear to ear, understands the body and gives a great massage.BUT.....the management at the Seville location is horrendous. The assistant manager is rude, never looks a client in the eye, only reading her computer screen, the waiting room is tiny and the front desk personnel terrible. No training here!I will continue to go only because Antoine is so good but the owners need to improve things!
3	I've been a ME member for years now and I've bounced around to several locations during this time.  At present, however, this ME location is the one I consider my home base, as it's the most convenient to where I live and work.  Even so, I don't get in as often as I'd like, but when I do, I consider their services A-OK!I have yet to take advantage of the facials that they now offer, but I'm all about massages.  I just wish I could make time to go more often!  Lucky for some of my friends and family, I'm able to transfer unused massage credits (with a fee of $10), so they can also enjoy my membership.The beauty of Massage Envy in my eyes is that you can pretty much always get a massage with a little bit of notice and you're in and out in the 60 or 90 (or 120) minute time frame that you pay for, guaranteed.  They have to move on to their next client, after all.  The down side is that unless you find a therapist that you really love, you take the risk of getting a therapist that is not amazing.  That being said, I've had enjoyable massage experiences 90% of the time.  Unfortunately, when I do find a therapist I really like, it seems they move on quite often, and then I'm back to the drawing board.Even so, I plan on continuing my membership since the $$ I pay each month is worth it in my eyes.  Sure - I'm a huge believer in spending hours or days at a high end resort or day spa, but who has the time or money to do that?!  I wish I did!  Massage Envy may be a chain, but it's also a moderately priced solution.  So, you may not get a complete spa experience at Massage Envy, but there are tons of health benefits associated with getting regular massages: Relieve stress, lower blood pressure, and relaxation to name a few.  A massage is a massage, so I'll take them any way I can get them... thanks for your service, Massage Envy!
4	Front desk was very friendly! Melanie and Anna were both very good, but extremely strong! My husband and I like deep tissue but these two don't seem to know their own strength!
1	What a disappointment.  Rude women at front.  Massage lousy even though I was super specific on exactly the pressure and the areas...he did not listen to me..I felt like I just had a body "rub" Don't waste your money..go to a spa in Scottsdale
4	Just received a 90min massage and sugar scrub today from Antoine and he was awesome! Very friendly guy and did a great job on my massage. His pressure was perfect and he was gentle with my left ankle which I am recovering from surgery with. I would definitely come back to get a massage from him.
4	Front staff and first welcome can use a lot of work. Quite poor customer service (especially the young lady in the glasses). Yet, therapist I had, Hymen (I hope I spelled it correct) is excellent, especially at deep tissue. He asks you which areas you want worked on and constantly confirms the area is correct and the pressure is good. I have been to so many the ask bit just do whatever the want, whereas he works on the areas where you feel need attention, which is rare, especially at a facility that is not more sports therapy oriented. Would be five stars were it not for the front office staff. They should welcome people with a smile, at least offer a glass of water before and after and at my home spa, they always come out from behind the counter to converse or have you fill out paperwork.
2	First off, the massage was pretty good and everyone was really nice. Now I'll start complaining.1. I filled out the form before the appointment and put specific instructions for my therapist that he obviously didn't read. What was the point of asking me which regions I'm comfortable with if you don't read them? 2. Why is there an audibly ticking clock in your massage room? 3. I could hear people talking the entire time.4. The face holder thing was old and the padding was sagging off the solid part.
4	This was our first visit to this particular location.  We have both been members for a little over four years now and really enjoy the convenience of the variety of locations and their ability to meet needs all over the U.S. and this was no different.  We booked this location due to an event we were attending in the area and since we recently got married we were craving a massage to get rid of the stress!We called the day before and they were able to fit us in for a couple's massage the next night.  When we arrived we needed to fill out the standard paperwork, since this location was new to us - this is a one time thing at each location and they keep it on file for future.  The masseuses were ready to go early and we were taken back about 10 minutes before our appointment times so we could prep and be ready to roll on time.Both of us were very happy with the massages we received and would definitely go back here for any future massage needs in the area.  Most likely we will use the Tatum location more frequently than here, but only because of proximity to home.  The only complaints we had were the level of audible noise from people talking and doors opening / closing close by and the parking can be tricky if you arrive during a time when the other shops are still open.  Neither of these things are enough to keep us from coming back!Overall: A-Really friendly and accommodating staff with great masseuses and an overall excellent visit!
5	Massage envy is a great way for everyone to afford a massage. I have been a member for over 5 years. I prefer deep tissue or firm pressure. Whenever I book a massage I enjoy it as long as I ask for firm pressure/ deep tissue. Today, I had Ashley and she gave me one of the best massages I've ever had. She addressed all my needs and used unique techniques. I'm in heaven.
2	I have been a member of Massage Envy for about 9 years now... I have been to several locations as I have a moved a few times and usually find the location closest to me. I hate to give this location such a low rating because the front desk staff are usually  nice but I have had more issues with their front desk and scheduling then anyone should have to deal with.Not all the massage therapists are good, there are only a couple and I am very specific when I request someone... I have been scheduled with the wrong person 3 different times. I have been cancelled on or put with another therapists or had my time moved (THE DAY OF, usually within 30-60 minutes of my appointment) at least 6 times that I can recall off the top of my head.Then what prompted me to write this is the fact that I went in for a 90 minute massage just yesterday (saturday), I usually get there early enough to check in and out before I go in for my massage. Well, I had a one hour credit from my monthly membership and then there was a 30 minute credit from the last time they messed up my scheduling. The girl at the front desk told me she didn't see it but go ahead and go back and she will take care of it once she finds it... well, she sure did. I looked at my amex online tonight and realized she took the liberty to just charge my credit card on file. That is wrong and unethical of a business to take advantage of the fact that you give them access to your credit card.So BEWARE and check your credit card statement when you go to this location... That being said, There are a couple good therapists at this location and they are the  reason I come back to this location, well and convenience of location.I understand that this is Massage Envy and not a world class spa, but I still believe that there should be standards and respect for their clients time, money and business.
5	I have been so stressed out lately- perks of getting a new job.  My upper back was starting to interfere with sleep and my life. This is when I decided to let Massage Envy change my life. I was scheduled for later that night with a massage therapist named Himah (sorry if I butchered the spelling of that). Anyways, I got talked into receiving a deep muscle therapy since I was in so much pain. Next thing I know, I am laying down and Himah has put this amazing Icy Hot (but not the reg. kind) type gel on my back. It felt amazing and then he went to town getting all the knots and problems out of my back. He kept joking saying that he was hardly using any of his pressure- I was being a whimp since I don't regularly get massages. It seriously took the poor guy at least 20 minutes to get rid of all the knots. He then focused on the trigger spots/legs/etc.  I got my massage comped that day since I decided to sign up for a membership. Jessica was a wonderful desk attendant/sales rep. Can't wait to see Himah again in August!
1	Frustration!! Each and every time we have gone it is a nightmare to check out! They cannot find the account and/or credits and/or double charge and/or didn't' write down the appt. We have over a dozen credits remaining and we are letting them expire because this place is the opposite of relieving stress!
5	Do yourself a favor and ask for Jaime (pronounced Hi-May).  He does an incredible job and my wife and I have gone to him for years.
5	Elizabeth is great! Did start the facial a little late but overall I received the full 45 mins
3	We were visiting Scottsdale from CA and wanted to use massage credits from our local Massage Envy while vacationing here. My friend and I were easily able to make our 90-min massage appointments and use credits already noted in their system. Nice and glitch free! I got a reminder call the day before which is always nice. The receptionist was welcoming and friendly. The waiting area is really small and very awkward - and not remotely relaxing although billed as a "quiet room" - and felt more like a doctor's waiting room than a Massage Envy! The therapist I had was super awkward and clearly new to the job and my friend reported the same feeling with hers. We also did a Yelp check-in to take advantage of the "free sugar foot scrub" as promised on a hastily printed piece of paper crookedly taped to the waiting room wall. However my therapist didn't know what I was talking about - although he rallied and figured it out by the time we were ready to start. My friend did not have any luck - her therapist was quite confused and was unable to provide the service.Not sure I would go to this franchise again - I like the franchises with owners obviously willing to invest in experienced therapists, and in making their store more welcoming and cozy.
5	I love massage envy it's one of my favorite places
2	Tried contacting the salon directly through website but no one has bothered to respond, hence my Yelp review:What a waste of a $100 gift card. The tech, nice though she was wanted to talk thru my facial. I would just answer with "um" and "yea". There were two men in the hallway that were having a laugh fest. It was not in the least relaxing. Went with a friend who was getting a body massage and when we met to leave she was snickering because I had "raccoon eyes". The tech did not even wipe off my mascara!!!! Checking out the girl with no noticeable expression asked if I enjoyed my experience. My reply was "not really". The expression never changed, it was if she could care less.  Hence a waste of a gift card.
