5	I will be honest and say I was a little intimidated to try SicFit Scottsdale out since it had been over 3 years since I had done any type of workout.  However, they have you do an initial workout test to see where your fitness levels are, and put you in the best class for you.  This way you are not taking classes that are too advanced or not advanced enough for your starting point.I absolutely love this place!  The coaches and members are super friendly and help you out until you are familiar with the techniques.  It has a real family like feel with everyone, and they truly care about everyone succeeding and reaching their fitness goals.  I have never felt better about myself and have never actually wanted to go to they gym until I started SicFit Scottsdale!  I would definitely recommend going to SicFit Scottsdale if you are looking to get in shape and achieve the body you have always wanted.
5	Its funny (and sad) looking back at my old gym routine after starting here. Same old routine with little results. SICFIT Scottsdale really changed my perspective oh fitness and what it means to live a healthy life. Not only am I now more healthy than ever, I actually look forward to working out and staying active.
5	There isn't a better gym on the planet. I heard about SICfit from a friend and have not looked back. If you are looking for a great environment to learn about Fitness, Sicfit is for you. Luke and the coaches have excellent, thought out programming for all levels. When I started, I struggled to run 300 meters. Luke and the team made it easy to progress at your own pace. The people at Sicfit are fantastic as well. Everyone is there to get better and no one passes judgment.  It seems that everyone, not just employees, want you to be better. Sicfit truly is a community.  I just completed a military style "Hell Week" at Sicfit. It was an incredible experience. The physical work was tough but the greatest hurdle was mental. 10 people completed the class and we will all share that forever. Sicfit is literally a one stop shop for improving your life. They have classes for kids, all fitness levels, yoga and nutrition classes. I can't thank the gym enough for helping me down the road to my fitness goals.
5	I have now been regularly attending SICFIT Scottsdale for one year, and as one who likes to try new things, I feel like it doesn't get much better than this. I've been to tons of different Crossfit gyms and the quality cannot match what is done at SICFIT. From multiple community events (ranging from monthly nutrition seminars to pull-up clinics) to the caliber of coaches, everything is obviously practiced with a higher standard. I love being a part of this gym.
5	I have been to functional fitness gyms all over the world and nobody does it better than SICFIT Scottsdale. Their coaches guide you through the movements you do not know and help you perfect, with ques and other methods, the things you are good at but could improve upon. the classes are always structured well and fun. I feel good after the workouts and am not made to feel like I'm not good enough to work out at their gym.
5	Awesome staff, great facility, the programs are individually set and brought to life in a group setting if wanted. Motivation is at a max, they pay close attention to you and your progress, and treat you like family.
5	I received a phone call today to get back in the gym by Luke the owner of Sicfit and the entire staff. Does your normal gym care about you that much? Doubt it. Sicfit is awesome. The programming, people and trainers truly hold you accountable, it is a great feeling. I completed a "hell" week a few months back and it was an amazing experience. The gym pushes you further than you thought was capable. Sicfit offers fitness for all levels, from children to adults. They differ from Crossfit in the sense that they offer everything from yoga to cooking classes as well as personal programming for any level. Also, they harp on technique, they don't scream to put on tons of weight unless you're doing the movement correctly. Lastly, don't be intimidated, I couldn't run 300 yards a few months ago. Learning the right nutrition and progressing at a comfortable level, you will be amazed how fast you progress.   I can't recommend Sicfit Scottsdale enough.
5	I just started working out at SICFIT and i have never felt more comfortable. All the employees show so much passion and make you feel welcome. When i signed up I took measurements and received a nutrition and work out plan. They have reached out to make sure my plans are working and I can tell they really care about their customers and their results. Cant wait to see the progress in the coming months. SICFIT is awesome!
5	Formerly known as a CrossFit gym, SICFIT Scottsdale is so much more than just a gym. Everyone there has something to teach and give, and everyone knows they have something to learn. A healthy and vibrant community that will welcome you with open arms go check them out!
5	I walked into Sicfit a year ago. I attended group classes once a week. I've had a lifetime membership for 4 years. I continued both. After 6 months, I quit going to lifetime and have been attending classes 5 times a week. The results I have seen in the last 6 months have been incredible!!! I'm leaner & stronger. The group classes motivate me to improve consistently. The community and support is amazing. Coaches and staff are knowledgeable, patient, motivating and are excited with you when you succeed in learning a new skill. I wish I would have known about this place years ago. Thank you Luke and Naj for all that you do!! I would recommend this place to anyone. If you have never worked out or if you are an athlete, you will find your self challenged, motivated and supported by the entire team.
