5	The accessories in this adorable boutique are both trendy, classic, and reasonably priced.  I also loved that a large amount seems to have been created by local artists!!  The staff was also friendly and helpful.  I really, really enjoyed my visit and will definitely go back.
4	This place is adorable! It's a tiny boutique located on the second floor of Container Park. Like most stores at Container Park, it's narrow and awkward moving around in here with other people.They've got necklaces, bracelets, and bags from local vendors and from LA. They had unique, well-made charms from colorful mini-boba cups to miniature cupcake tins and measuring spoon necklaces. They had this steel-polished state (florida, nevada, maine to name a few) necklaces with the cut-out hearts for the capitals that you may have seen on etsy! I'm absolutely in love with the small selection of bags ($35ish and up) they have here. Kind of regretting I didn't get this fold-up bag now...Their statement rings are really cool. Not kitschy, cheap-looking or something corporate mass-manufactured like what you might find at Forever 21. There's a cool ring in the shape of a wall plug to a knot at the other end. Very stylish rings.  They've got a great selection here. Super cute, unique, and definitely something I'd wear to rock out with at a club or a day out. They even offer local artist/designer and namesake GabyOlivia brand jewelry. Things I could definitely see being worn to a club. Classy.The prices are a bit much for accessories. Around $16-30+. Most necklaces were $16-23ish and the simple, elegant bracelets were $16ish. Great pieces that you won't find in a lot of places in Vegas though. This boutique offers real deal merchandise that Forever 21 and Urban Outfitters try to knock-off constantly. Handpicked, careful, and great-quality selection is what sets this place apart and why people should shop here. I know exactly where I'm going accessory-shopping at from now on! Can't wait to stop in here again.
