5	Great burgers..
5	Food trucks are really taking off here in Az and a new kid on the block, Chedda Truck is awesome.  Their burgers are not your run of the mill, example the Kill Me Softly with bacon, blue cheese, arugula, cranberry gastrique and the bun is a Krispy Kreme donut!  Whaaatt! Ps get the chedda tots, they come with a chipotle cream cheese dipping sauce!
5	One of the best burgers I've ever had. I want to try them all!! The cheddar tots were kinda weird but not bad weird. Would get them again!
4	The husband and I went to the Cheddatruck for our 5 monthaversary last week after seeing their menu the previous week. This place has some very interesting burgers on their menu including a burger served on a donut, a burger with mac and cheese on it, a burger with bacon and eggs on it, a burger with pastrami on it.... the combos were odd and plentiful. he husband got the burger with the mac and cheese and it was really good. He won the food contest for sure. The best part of this burger? The mustard....it was really tasty mustard. I got the mother hen burger that has an egg and bacon on it. The bacon was very crispy and tasty. The only issue was that the english muffin was a little small and the burger could have benefited from a different sauce from the one that came on it (a sriracha aioli)... maybe like that mustard? Oh ya.... We also got the cheese tots with the chipotle cream cheese... that was pretty delicious. I think I gained 10 pounds from the one meal, but it was worth it. Although this is not my favorite burger in town, I would like to make it back there soon and would recommend that you check them out!
2	My family and I were so excited to try this truck! The burgers all sounded so amazing and different! My husband got the Mac n' Cheese burger, brother got the breakfast burger and my mom and I both had the special with blue cheese and roasted peppers. Well we were all super disappointed. All of our burgers were very dry and had hardly any toppings. The Mac n Cheese burger did have yummy Mac n cheese on it, but the burger itself was very dry with no other sauces. It really didn't compare to the pictures. There was only one employee working that night so I am wondering if he was just super busy and understaffed. Not sure...but for $8 I would have rather had something else.
2	First let me say I'm a HUGE fan of all things cheesey and a growing fan of food trucks. For weeks I had been tracking Chedda on instagram waiting for him to be in the neighborhood. Zia Records, on records day, we were there. I was stoked! Husband and I both got dirt bags (burger & cheese) & tots. Both lacked flavor. Both weren't cheesey. Both were disappointing. I almost cried. So much built up anticipation for... nada! And it set me back $19.Burgers were huge, bun was thick and burnt. Tots tasted like bland mashed potatoes and the sauce was super odd. Wouldn't recommend.
5	FINALLY! Every time I noticed they were going to be in the west valley I always had something else going on, I was so excited to see they were going to be by my house alone with Waffle Crush (yay!) I ordered the Green Mile & fries, they were out of tots.  I guess halfway through our order they ran out of fries which was a bummer.  The burger was ammmmmaaaaaaaaaazzzzzzzziiiiiiiinnnnnnnnggggggg!!! I am obsessed with anything macaroni & cheese so this was the perfect combo! The mac was creamy, the bun was toasted perfectly & the meat was seasoned just right. LOVED IT!
3	I had high hopes for Cheddatruck. I love a good burger, it's seriously one of my favorite foods. Unfortunately though, Cheddatruck did not really win me over. My boyfriend was hoping to get the burger with mac n cheese on it but they were out of mac n cheese so he got one with an egg on it instead. I got just a plain cheeseburger. We also ordered tots.Our burgers were just okay. Mine was a little overcooked and just kind of lacking flavor overall. My boyfriend said his wasn't real memorable. The tots, while they were hand-made, were a disappointment. Like the burger, the flavor just wasn't there. Even though they had cheese in them (supposedly) and they were served with an herb cream cheese, they were bland and just kinda blah. And $3 for 7 tots is a bit steep. Overall (and considering the price) there are much better burger options around. Sorry Cheddatruck, but you can just keep on driving.
