5	I am such a picky princess when it comes to dog grooming. I've gone through 6 groomers here in Phoenix before finding Kristen at Bark Avenue. My elderly dog gets exactly what I specify for his allergy-prone skin and coat. My younger dog was so traumatized by the last groomer before Kristen that we couldn't get near his paws and the fur was matting badly. She cleans both of them up exactly as I request and neither one freaks out about going for grooming appointments anymore.
5	We started to use Bark Avenue since it was right next door to our Vet. We have our Australian Shepherds shaved during the hotter months and Kristen has always done a great job. Also the price is very fair and the service is prompt. I can't recommend her highly enough.
5	This place is great! They treat my dogs with such love and care, you can tell they really love animals. My dogs are pretty special needs, deaf, with bad hips, has some growths, etc. and they are always understanding and gentle with them. Their prices are great and they do a fantastic job! I would recommend this groomer to anyone!
1	I've taken Abby to Bark Avenue a couple of times and was sort of pleased with Kristin's work. It was never great, but she seems to be good with dogs and she was close by. However, she never returns phone calls and I've left many messages. I could only get an appointment if I happened to catch her or another employee who answered the phone. The last time, Abby came home with her cute Havanese head buzzed way too short, but practically nothing taken off her body. And every mat that I took her in with was still there when I took her home. I called later in the day to explain what had happened and left a detailed message with her assistant. No one ever called me back. I think we are through.
5	I've been taking my dogs to the Bark Avenue for more than 6 months now, and I am very happy how she treats my dogs and every time she does a perfect job. I am very glad that I have found this place.
5	I have taken Maxie to Kristen for a few years now and think she does a wonderful job..She is very flexible in making appointments.  More importantly, she really cares for my boy!.  He has a few "issues" and she remains cognizant of that as she grooms  him.  Bark Avenue/Kristen are pleasant to deal with and I would highly recommend taking your pets here.
5	Kristen and Connor are wonderful to work with.  As my "boy" gets older, they are very patient with him..  I love them!
