2	I have always liked the food there.better quality  than taco hell the issue is with the terrible service I got in the drive through. es.they have 99 cent tacos.which is the only reason I stopped there on a tuesday.I was greeted rudely  Literally ya I'll b w u in a min.int a rude tone.it   this was at 1150 pm.well after sitting in silence for 10 15  mins.I was deemed worthy to place my order,4 tacos.when I pulled up to pay,the charged me full price!so I said its "taco tues." 99 cents a piece.to which the rude snot face teen said in a condenscending tone"uhhh todays wed.which made me question if I had my days wrong.after thinking n checking calendar I realized  it had been wed.for all of 10 minutes.and I had tried to place my order at 1150  but was left waiting to order for 15 mins.when I explained this to worker,he could care less and shrugged.very unprofessional.so I paid  full price for something that should've been half the pice. I wanted to complain to manager but was  in a hurry the douche working there is a lil punk.I suspect he made me wait just so he can act like a douche.(on  a power  trip).I work in a restaraunt n the rule is if you're ready to order,the time u pull up should be counted.not the long time it took to be acknowledged. I will never go here again.I don't need rude service.
5	This is the only Filiberto's that I will go to .. I absolutely love Katie. They are honest and friendly . And if I want something added they don't over price me ! Even the kitchen staff smile if you smile back !! Worth walking in and enjoying the visit !
1	Broke a tooth on something in their "Grade A Beef" carne asada burrito.  Felt like a piece of bone or really hard fat.  After telling and showing the store manager, I didn't get a refund or even an apology.  A few minutes later, the store owner appeared and refused to accept responsibility of any form.As a 30 year old teacher, I was pretty insulted.  This cost me OVER FOUR HUNDRED DOLLARS to get a crown on my tooth, and that was AFTER insurance.  I filed a claim with their insurance company (Farmers) and was DENIED, even though all I asked for was my dental bill covered.  No "pain" or "suffering".  I just wanted my $400 back after buying a $4 burrito.I did some research, I'm not the only one this has happened to at a Filiberto's.  I have not and never will eat there again after being a loyal customer since the 90's.  There are plenty of other decent restaurants that are the same or better (_____ erto's - fill in the blank), but with the ability to simply apologize.  One star? You're welcome.THIS WAS AT 83rd AVENUE AND THUNDERBIRD IN PEORIA.
