4	Murphy's!  (Ye old Tail Gaters; same owner - new name...)I like it; Heart is cool and serves up frozen pizza and Vodka 7-Ups in a double tall.Refreshing.  Although not huge; I like their jukebox selection.  The crowd there isn't much when I go which is usually a Monday (my day off).Try it.  Continuous drink specials by the posters and sometimes the people in there drinking will make you giggle...
1	Stopped there to meet up with friends for Friday fish fry. Friends had gone there in the past and said that it was and all you can eat for around $10. we walked in to empty, unbussed tables. The music from the jukebox was blaring. We "cleaned" off one of the tables and wondered if were going to be served or had to order from the bar. Turns out we had to order from the bar (In the past friends that have been here for lunch have been waited on at the table). There were no menus to be seen at the table that we were at, granted we knew what we wanted. As for the food the fish itself was decent, for a bar. Just the right temperature, I got three good size pieces, a dinner roll, side of cottage cheese, and fries ( that I felt had a bit of a stale taste to them). We finished, I went up to pat that the bar, and was told that it was a cash only bar, but the do have an ATM. Now I can understand not accepting checks, but no credit cards? In the City? I asked for the Bill, he gave me a total for the table! Generally I'll give a place a second shot but after that experience, it will be hard to go back
4	One of my favorite breakfast joints. Something about dive bars that know how to put together a greasy plate. I order, and am over satisfied, with the country fried steak breakfast special, every time. The steak is juicy on the inside, and crispy crunchy on the outside. The gravy, well, I could eat with a spoon! Bartender Jamie is darling, and more than accomodating. After a long night out, brunch, a bloody, and a friendly bartender is what I need!!! Check 'em out!
5	Love this place to death!  My husband and I come here a few times a month for either breakfast on the weekends or a drink after work. For a bar with only 6-10 taps, they always have great microbrews, which they switch out often.  If you like little dive bars: you HAVE to check this out.  The food is good and very reasonably priced.  Traditional breakfasts: biscuits and gravy, omelets, pancakes, etc. What really sets this place apart: the staff.  Jamie is the waitress/ bartender on the weekends and is absolutely amazing.  Remembers her customers by name, she is as sweet as can be, and is excellent at her job.  Murphy's has a fish fry on Friday nights, and a meat raffle once a month.  I love this place!
