4	First time here and I must say it was delicious and you definitely got a lot of food for a reasonable price!!! I highly recommend it and I will definitely be coming backAlso very good customer service!
3	So nice to have a Japanese-Style curry place on the east side of town! They have about 5 different styles of curry here including a plain one and I opted for the chicken version. You can get the chicken either fried or grilled/lightly pan fried and I opted for the latter. The meal took about 20 minutes and was a bit of a long wait as the waitress said she got the orders mixed up and had to redo them. They did give us a free dessert to apologize for the wait and I thought that was a nice gesture. The curry itself isn't really comparable to some of the curry joints in town, but it is a nice quick drive when I want my Japanese curry fixed. I just wished they had some pickled stuff to go on my curry like the other restaurants in town.Service is nice and prices are pretty good on the pocket. I'll be back when I'm craving and don't want to drive to China town. Hopefully they get more menu items and condiments to match in order to up the east side curry game and keep me really coming back for me.. we'll see!
4	Finally an Asian spot on the east side! It's hard to compete with china town but I was pleasantly surprised. After my first visit today is definitely go back. The price is right, the food quality was good, and the place was clean with a nice staff.You basically pick a meat to go with your curry sauce and rice.I'm accustomed to eating Japanese curry at home. It's simple and cheap to make. I'd definitely say I know a thing or two about food curry.They have beef, grilled or fried chicken, veggie, or plain. Comes with the meat and comes with white rice and the sauce. You can order sides also.I believe they all come with the same sauce which has a bit of a spice to it.First of all the counter girl was awesome. She asked if I was a first timer and also checked with the kitchen for wait times on the orders. I thought that was really cool of her.Anyways my order was Tonkatsu pork to go.The girl have me instructions on reheating which I thought was awesome.The amount of sauce they gave me seemed excessive but when I ate it all with the rice is say it was a food amount. It was served with some pickled ginger on top which was nice.The sauce itself was good. It had a lot of heat. The heat might even have been a bit much IMO. I would have liked it to have more depth of flavor and less heat but it was still good.The rice they used was really good. I'd say it is about 1.5-2 cups of white rice. The Tonkatsu was perfectly fried and juicy. I'd say it was lacking in the flavor department. It could have used some salt. Again the lightly breaded pork was fried perfectly. Also this isn't pounded like Hawaiian Katsu chicken.Overall I'd definitely go back.
4	First, I have to mention that the people who work this store are extremely nice and fun to talk to! Out of all the Asian peoples, the Japanese are known to have the greatest customer service--it's true. :) Oh! Curry is a restaurant that is new and pretty clean, with a large bench of tables that you could hella throw birthday parties in and a pretty straightforward menu! We visited this location because my friend adores Japanese curry and I just love curry in general; and I was not disappointed. Their curry was extremely cheap and pretty good! (I do wish the regular had more spice though lol) The price is legit; they give you a lot of rice, a lot of curry, and a good amount of meat!! They also have some sides: fried chicken, fries, and tonkatsu. These you can buy separately and dip in curry--YUM! Also, that jelly dessert is just delicious. I don't even like orange flavored things, but it was great!! And the owner told us that he was adding coffee jelly to the menu and let us taste it--IT WAS BOMB. The man is gonna be known for that coffee jelly, guys. They should really add more jelly flavors to their menu because it's just too good to pass up! We didn't order a drink, but soda is 1.29 and bottled water is --under a dollar--. Even at gas stations, that can be rare lol. So, I'm in love with their curry, and I will be trying their hottest curry next time
4	WHY: WOOHOOO!! There is finally a Japanese curry place on the East Side!! THAT'S WHY! =DWHO: Bring your entire family!! I believe they do a free meal for kids if you eat there (check me on how many kids though, lol).WHEN: Monday through Saturday they are open from noon-9pm, Sundays from noon to 8pm.WHERE: In the small plaza on the corner of Nellis & Stewart (right beside Shell gas station).WHAT: First and foremost... Can I get a HALLELUJAH?! I am so thankful that this Cute Curry Cafe (you like that alliteration, don't you? Lol) opened right down the street from my house!! (because I randomly have curry cravings). Japanese curry is a fusion of different spices from Asia, and is certainly delicious and Tasty! It comes in three levels of spiciness: Mild, Regular, & Hot. There are different combos such as Tonkatsu (Pork cutlet) curry, Vegetable with curry, chicken with curry, and you can even request their fried chicken with curry. Whatever you choose is a good choice, but I personally recommend the Tonkatsu curry! It is just worth your TIME AND MONEY!On the dessert end, they have an Orange jello called the "Orange Dream" topped with whipped cream. NOTE** If you're curious and willing to try, they have this BOMB.ORG coffee jello topped with whipped cream. It's not on the menu yet, but ASK FOR IT! It is absolutely REFRESHING!& If the curry, rice & your choice combo doesn't seem to suffice your TUMMY, try the french fries with curry, or the fried chicken with curry, where the curry acts as a dipping sauce. Decor-wise walking in, it is bright orange and definitely brightens my mood! It is a peaceful place to eat, and the employees are absolute darlings! It will definitely become my second home soon. =X hahaha.Random: A few days ago I chose to bring one of my friends here, and it was the perfect timing because the owner happened to be there! =) He is such a friendly Japanese man who is all SMILES! I got to chat with him a bit and SECRET... he is going to start serving CURRY UDON! That I am freaking excited for! CURRY ON NOODLES?! WHO COULD REFUSE?! - I CAN'T!So come down to the East, and take a look-see, you will definitely enjoy it! Try the coffee jello, and I will fill you all in when Curry Udon is up on the menu! =D SMILES!
4	Great food, the curry is the best in town.  Mild, medium or hot, it don't matter, all great.  The Katsu curry is the bomb and the price can't be beat.  Would like to see potatoes added to the veggie curry and a few more menu items, like mochi ice cream?  Will earn a five from me with more items added.
4	This will be a Problem, so close to my house!We sampled today, being our first visit. Pork was good, curry was ok. Fries were FAB, extra crispy, and we got regular curry with it. Tasted just like the ones I had in Japan. Got both mellow, Orange was good, but the coffee....OMG....soooo good. I do not like hot coffee just cold. It is served with whipped cream and French vanilla coffee creamer....Will be perfect when it's a billion degrees this summer.Will be back to try more soon!
5	This restaurant is amazing! The quality of the food was great. I couldn't believe how cheap it was and The portions are huge. I've tried other curry restaurants and this one is at the top of the list. The staff was very friendly and the inside of the place was very clean. I Totally recommend this spot.
5	Surprisingly one of the best tasting Japanese-Style curry spots I've had in a while. Very early in its stages, but very good curry!  Owner is very accommodating. Good spot!
4	This is a nice place to go if you are hankering for Japanese Curry and don't want to schlep to Chinatown.  The place is spartan and clean.  There are English and Spanish flyers and posters everywhere educating you on what Japanese Curry is about.  Did you know it is a Japanese comfort food? The tonkatsu curry tasted just as it should.  There was a lot of oniony flavor to the curry.  The meat was fried just right.  I like the fries which you can dip in curry.  If you like over-processed fast food fries, you won't like these fries.Bonus: Kids meal is free if the kid eats there.
5	Great curry and great service! Their curry was delicious; served with a variety of toppings (I had veggies and chicken katsu. YUM!) and offered as mild, medium, or hot! The cashier/waitress was really helpful and polite. The restaurant was very clean and our kids ate free because we dined in.
4	They're curry is really tasty which is the reason for my four stars. It would be great if they had add ons like egg, corn ect
5	I have to say ive had curry from other curry shops in town; but the huge amount of curry that is served and for the price is amazing!!! I'm so happy that oh curry is on my side of town I will never eat at another curry shop in town again! The curry shop is simple they have a couple of anime related wall scrolls and some like Japanese's artwork, open space either enough sits for a group of friends to enjoy curry with. The staff are great as well they would let my group of friends hangout and play cards for hours even let us stay a bit after closing hours! If you want some of the best curry in town for a great price and that won't cheap out on the amount of food like other places Oh! Curry is the place to be at.
5	Couldn't believe my luck when I found out an authentic Japanese curry house opened not too far from work.  The curry is delicious and the tonkatsu tender.  Been hitting it up for lunch twice a week.  Hasn't disappointed yet.  Great addition to Las Vegas growing number of authentic Japanese restaurants.
4	It's still a pretty new establishment but the staff is always very friendly and the food is always perfect. Just recently tried the orange jello for dessert (there's a free coupon on the menu) and it was surprisingly good! Would recommend to anyone who wants to get full and eat good food for under $10!
5	Yay! I finally have a place to get a delicious bowl of Japanese curry udon. The udon noodles were cooked perfectly,  nice & chewy. The curry Is thick and compliments the noodles well. So good! My daughter had the veggie curry and my mom had the tonkatsu & chicken katsu combo curry. They both enjoyed it! The cashier was nice & personable. The owner also came out to talk to us, such a nice guy, you can tell he enjoys what he does and takes pride in his cooking. Restaurant is clean. Portions are generous and prices are very affordable. Oh! Curry is definetely a new favorite. Check them out if you are in the area.
5	Very delicious and worth giving a try over and over again. The employees there are so wonderful. I always stop in on payday just to spoil myself with their delicious curry. Chicken cutlet or the combo is to die for.
5	Came in at 8:30 PM the service was quick.  ordered ordered two combo curries (half tonkatsu and half katsu) and we got a kids meal free and a coffee gelatin dessert. One of the curries was hot and the other one was mild. In my opinion the hot had more flavor to it plus it was spicier. The curry was very aromatic and flavorful altogether and if you live on the east side and want to try Japanese-style curry or just love curry then this is the spot to go to
5	I love Japanese curry and I'm super excited that the restaurant is close to where I stay (Eastside Las Vegas).  There are two other Japanese Curry restaurants in Las Vegas but you have to go to China Town to eat there.The food was great (I ordered the chicken cutlet with cheese) and reminded me of Coco Ichibanya in Okinawa but better!  The food portions are much larger than Kaba Curry and Zen Curry.  The restaurant is also way bigger.  The location is kind of off to the side so just look out for it.  The service was great and they offered plenty of coupons and everything was reasonably priced.  Food came out pretty quickly and the owner came out and was very friendly and spoke to us as well.
5	Oh Curry! Is the best! I've never tried curry before coming here and it was awesome. The owner and the staff are really nice! When I went to oh curry for the first time I ordered the chicken cullet curry and it was great! They have the choice whether to get your curry regular, mild or hot so you can add a bit of spice to your meal. Even though it's a small place they still do deliveries, which is awesome for people that don't want to leave their homes and still get delicious curry! Don't hesitate to stop by you won't regret trying Oh Curry!
5	So learned that I love Japanese curry which I wasn't aware of myself. Oh curry is a small restaurant that w couple of friends always recommended it to me so I went and wasn't disappointed. Oh! Curry's atmosphere is friendly and inviting. The staff greet me the moment I step in to the restaurant with a simple hello and a genuine smile. I'm really picky about where I eat so it has to be clean,good thing Oh Curry is spotless! The food is simple and delicious anything you choose is the right choice. The staff is every friendly even offering free kids meals w/ toys to families that have kids. My friends and I come to oh curry just about everyday just to hang out talk and play Pokemon. I wish more people knew about it
5	Had the chicken cutlet curry here and it was absolutely amazing, full of authentic flavor !! The service was sooooo great as well! It's amazing pleasure to see such great customer service! The owner himself was a really nice guy ! I'd come back here and highly recommend others to do the same!
4	Great place to get curry on the east side of town. Katherine O. was right, this is a diamond in the rough considering it's mainly taquerias and mainstream fast food joints in the area. So I've been wanting to try them since I was assigned to work a location in this area for 3 months. My 3 months was over so I finally decided to have lunch here on my last day. I called ahead of time so it would be ready by the time I got there. When I arrived I still had to wait a minute or two which was fine with me. When it was ready it was in a to-go container and the cashier/expediter explained that the curry sauce gets thick and to add a little bit water after an hour. However, little did she know I was going to eat it right then and there. I had the combination which is half tonkatsu and chicken katsu. The texture was great and I honestly couldn't tell the difference between the pork or chicken, so I would get the chicken since it's supposed to be better for you anyway vs. pork. I had the mild curry because I am weak sauce, but it was a good almost thick consistency. I absolutely love it on the rice more so than the chicken/pork because the breading gets a tad bit soggy. I tried the radish on the side, which is a nice crunch but I didn't really taste anything. The inside of this place is very clean and the menu is pretty big with pictures. On the side of the menu there's a explanation of what curry is in Japan, the funny part is there was also a Spanish translation- that's how you know you're on the east side is when there's a Spanish translation even for something Asian. Overall great experience, I probably won't be back because I am never on the side of town, but for all you curry lovers who live here you won't have to travel all the way to China town anymore for your curry fix.
5	My friend took me to this curry place. The owner and the employee are very nice and friendly. I ordered chicken katsu curry. It was good. I would want to come back.
5	Authentic Japanese Curry House. You must come here to enjoy the most reasonably priced, most delicious and most authentic curry house in Las Vegas! Love it! Sides are so awesome! Coffee twist is a must have! Katsu curry is a maxing! Both of them.
2	First, I had never had Japanese Curry before.  I never want to give a bad review to a new restaurant.  I want everyone to succeed and prosper.  I had never eaten curry before and did not know what to expect.  The place was clean, spacious and the person that took my order was friendly.  The large picture of dishes on the wall were about as unappetizing as I had ever seen.  The only colors were brown sauce with white rice with a few "lumps" under the sauce.  No Color whatsoever, but I thought it might  be an advertising mistake that the owner just had to deal with.  I ordered Curry with pork and what came out was 1/2 a plate of white rice on one side,  with the ugliest brown sauce  covering the other half and a fried pork patty (sliced into about 8 slices)  laying on top.  My dish had no vegetables to give it color and It was one of the most unappetizing dishes that has ever been served to me.  If you look at the pictures posted, you will see the plates with brown sauce and white rice that  I'm talking about.   If this was a typical dish of Japanese Curry, it is not for me.   I wish this place well and would suggest you try it for yourself as my tastes and preferences may not be the same as others.  It is hidden and only viewable from Stewart directly across the street from CiCi's Pizza.  (You  have to be going east on Stewart and turn into a small strip mall, just before you come to Nellis, to access Oh Curry)
5	So, I ordered a regular curry with chicken Katsu and croquette.It was heaven in my mouth. The croquette is nice and crispy and perfectly fried. Same with the Katsu. Also, the sauce is very rich in flavor, and is very pleasant in taste.Staff is generally very friendly and will be eager to help customers who are new to Japanese curry. I would recommend this place STRONGLY over Japanese Zen Curry and Kaba Curry.
3	I guess when other Japanese curry options are clear across town, you gotta take what you can get. This location is pretty bare-bones but the service is really friendly and the menu has a lot of different options, including various meats for your curry and sides of different croquettes. They have dessert option, too!The tonkatsu curry is most often recommended in the reviews, so I opted for that with a medium heat level and the coffee jello dessert. Started with the sweets because that's just how I roll, and was surprised at the quality. Not something I'd usually like, but solid and unique.The curry though? Good-size portion for a good price. But the curry sauce that makes the dish was bland and almost flavorless. I guess I should have upped the spice, but the sauce itself should have had flavor aside from just heat, and I didn't find this to be the case. I can't say I'd come here for curry again, and looking through some other reviews I'm not the only one underwhelmed by the curry sauce. Hope they kick it up a notch: being the only option on this side of town shouldn't be an excuse to slack off.
4	This area is a closer drive from my house than China town, so it's always convenient to have a curry joint near by. It was my first visit and I loved it!! When we first came in, I was greeted. My cousin and I ordered a Tonkatsu and a Chicken Katsu. The atmosphere is cool, animu posters all over the place too. As my cousin and I were waiting, we received coupons and cute erasers! The manager came and also gave us Hatsune Miku trading cards. It really was a warm welcome. Now onto the food, the food itself was great. The curry was kind of watery since I'm used to Zen's thick curry, but the flavor was good. My only request is to have an option to have more pickled vegetables on the plate because I'm a pickled vegetable person. Will be back for the 2 for 1 Tuesday! I love it here!
5	I would have to say this is one of my favorite spots to eat at. The curry is absolutely amazing and delicious. Check them out it will be worth your time everything there is fresh and the people are very nice.
5	I have driven by this place quite often since its on my way to work, and my plans for today were changed... so I figured I'd take my mom to lunch.  Oh! Curry is very clean, quiet and the staff are very sweet and helpful.  The owner even came out as we were leaving and he is quite charming.  The food is phenomenal, I have had Japanese curry before, but the flavors of this were out of this world.  (I even ordered the mild and it was far from bland) Never thought I would find food like this in a strip mall setting.  They are expanding their menu, so I got the combo chicken cutlet and tonkatsu.  They have a coffee kanten for desert that I would just stop by there from now on just to get.  The prices are very reasonable and this place beats the heck out of any place nearby.  I will definitely be back and probably quite often.  If you are ever in the neighborhood, or even if you aren't... its worth the trip!
5	Ever since my last few visits, the curry just keeps getting better and better! The flavors are a lot better too. I also have the option of receiving extra ginger and extra free rice, so this place gets a 5 star from me. I filled up my card and I'm gonna get my free curry the next time I go. I love it so much here! I'll never get tired of the flavor.
4	If you've ever found yourself on the east side of Vegas, you'd find that aside from tacos, good eats are sparse and hard to find. When Oh! Curry opened up, I welcomed it with open arms. Finally, a local mom and pop spot bringing some Japanese flavor to the Sunrise Mountain community.Oh! Curry has a simple menu. You get your curry normal, mild, or hot. Then you choose what you want with your curry (grilled or katsu choices). Definitely hits the spot on a cold winter day. I wouldn't say that it's the best Japanese curry in the city (Curry Zen remains my fav), but it's definitely some good radius eating if you're in the area.It's good simple Japanese comfort food. I ain't mad at that. It's good enough to keep me coming back.
5	This place deserves 100 stars but 5 will do for now.I had the tonkatsu curry and it was the most delicious curry plate ive ever had. It may look like basic food, but the flavors are what makes this the best thing ever.Also the workers there are super nice and gave me a stamp card along with a pamphlet that lets you know what deals they have. For example: 2 for 1 Tuesdays.I WILL DEFINITELY BE BACK!
5	I eat here for lunch every once in a while, and it saddens me a bit that this place is empty around lunch time! It feels like it'll eventually lose its business due to having barely any traffic coming through here. Buts its a really good place! Portions are good for the price you pay. Vegetable curry is the cheapest, and they give you barely any vegetables, so order a side. The curry sauce is great at hot level, and the meat is cooked very well. Soft on the inside and crunchy on the outside, unless doused in curry. Give this place a try, it deserves more business
5	If you're craving curry this is the spot to go. The tonkotsu is really good,  but my favorite is the vegetable croquette. Trust me do not pass on this. The owner and staff are really nice as well making this a must, whenever I'm in the area. Oh! Curry why you so good!
4	Like other reviewer say Zen curry still number one....oh curry is good 4stars.
3	I love Japanese curry not too fond of the other stuff. I ordered the chicken/pork option. The meat was fried crisp and came out fresh and hot. While it was decent, it was not as flavorful as expected. The service was quick and polite. I would go back if I had a craving but not on a regular basis.
