1	There used to be a great Mongolian Barbeque place in this location called BD's, but they unfortunately aren't there any longer.  Now occupied by Stool Pigeons, a sort of sports bar concept, there isn't really a lot to like.  What they do have is a nice patio area outside, and it is a good place to sit when the weather is good.The downside to that is the servers don't do a good job of keeping things clean, and when you ask if they can clean it up, the first reaction is one where you are putting undue requests on them, the second reaction is one that you realize the grill-like tops of the tables don't clean well and the third reaction is that you get to see the other buildings of the area in their rundown state (they are in bad need of pressure washing).Other than being able to enjoy good weather, the only thing you get is not having to sit inside a rather smoky environment.  Even in the entry area it can get bad.  Beyond there it's even worse.But let's move onto the food.  It sounds pretty decent.  It isn't.Rather than try the somewhat overpriced food, we opted to go for several appetizers.  The chips and cheddar dip were horrid.  The chips were stale and the cheese congealed.  The onion strips were okay, but just a massive brick of them was just to much.  It could have done the same job with half - or even a quarter - as many on the plate.The other choice was made was for the sliders (mini burgers), and they were decent, especially with some of the onion straws on them.  Combined with the rest, however, it was just not good.  I'd highly recommend skipping this joint and going elsewhere.
2	I actually converted to a pescatarian (probably didn't spell that right--woops) here with an order of fish and chips.  It was pretty delicious, a good start to a night of drinking.  The waiting service was somewhat shabby, it took our waitress quite a bit of time to assist us.  She was friendly, but it wasn't very crowded, so it shouldn't have taken as long as it did.  Afterward, my friends and I decided to stick around and shoot some pool.  The pool table was situated in the corner of the place with little space to stretch out to shoot.  The pool table was extra tiny too.  The bartenders here were a little snobby, and there service was slow as well.  I did enjoy myself, but that was just because of the company that was with me.
1	Would not come here again. I guess I shouldn't complain about the smell of cigarettes, since it is a bar. But it was strong. I ordered a steak, and nothing about it impressed me. The taste was okay, I probably could have made a better one even though I don't cook though. The presentation of the food was terrible. It didn't look appetizing, just a slab of brown meat on a white plate. It took away my enthusiasm for steak. The inside of the restaurant didn't have a "clean" feeling at all. It was dark and almost no one was there, even though I went during lunch time when restaurants are usually crowded. Both times I've gone, the food was very heavy and I regretted eating it because of the fat content.
4	Nice place to kick it for a place in Matthews good company always makes it better haven't had the food but can always take a drink!
