5	Took my boyfriend on a picnic here on October 6th. I bought a Groupon a while back and was finally able to use it. The only drawback to this experience was waiting for a day to open up that we could go. They don't have many weekends free since they have weddings, etc. When we got there (with our dog!) they gave us a blanket and a basket with wine, lemonade, pulled pork, buns, green bean salad, cole slaw, fruit salad AND banana pudding. Total deal and so much fun. It was a surprise for my boyfriend and he and I can't stop telling everyone we know how fun it was. As far as I know, you can purchase the picnic without the Groupon deal.
4	A picturesque home and event space in historic Plaza Midwood , Van Landingham is a great space for a romantic stay, picnic dinner or event.With multiple rooms for staying, I cannot speak to the overnight accomodations personally but they look charming & comfortable  ~ the rates range from $149-$229 and that seems reasonable for all you get on the grounds, plus the homemade breakfast you get to enjoy in the morning.For those of us in Charlotte, VanLandingham offers 13 gardens and a free walking tour. In spring, summer and early fall you'll be able to see the gardens kept in their original beauty ~ nothing's been changed, just maintained since they were first planted.In summer and fall, the executive chef offers picnics for 2, that include 4 courses, a bottle of wine and a blanket  ~ PERFECT DATE (ding ding ding!). I have enjoyed this a few times and recommend it to anyone for a first date, second date, eightieth date, etc. Just do it - wow the girl. Kiss the girl. Get bragged about for weeks to all her friends. Event wise, the staff takes everything very seriously - and they should! You're forking over some serious change to have this space BUT these professionals treat your event like the only thing in the world. Be warned that this is an older place and there are little details here and there that aren't perfect (I noticed some cracks in the floor molding, a window pane has some peeling paint, etc) but overall the beautiful materials on the exterior (NC rock, boulders, lush gardens) and inside (ornate furniture, fireplaces, slate floor in the large back room) make it a one of a kind place for your guests to enjoy.
5	I'm a wedding Photographer and I photographed a wedding here last year for one of my girlfriends best friends.  Because my girlfriends was one of the brides maids we also stayed at The Vanlandingham Estate.We loved it! The house and the property are romantic and charming. I also loved photographing in their gardens and by their little pond. Our room had everything from a wonderful shower to a roaring fireplace.  The Estate was a great place to photograph a wedding and a wonderful place to stay.
4	I have been to several events there and it is a hidden treasure in Charlotte.  The food is above average for larger events but the main draw here is the old historic home and the gardens.  When the weather is nice, you can't have a more romantic setting for a wedding or even a romantic photo shoot.  I hope to have the opportunity to go back.I have spent the night there several years ago and the rooms are very comfortable and cozy and the fireplaces are nice.  Great spot for a "staycation"
4	I know this place puts on countless events and is known for its food, weddings, and historic inn, however my review is for one specific service they offer here. It was listed as one of the top ten dates in Charlotte magazine, so I surprised my wife with the Vanlandingham Estate's gourmet outdoor picnic for two. I took advantage of a groupon, but for the normal price of $65 you get a gourmet dinner in a picnic basket with a bottle of wine and a blanket and the option to setup your picnic anywhere on the grounds you wish. My wife opted for a spot by the falls and was so impressed with this date. She couldn't stop admiring the beautiful grounds all around us and the idea of being on a classic southern picnic. Our picnic basket included a container of lemonade, an entree of chopped BBQ, a side of potato salad, and banana pudding for dessert (Yes Nilla Wafers included). They also gave us a bottle of wine with our choice of red or white. Inside the basket is also a bottle opener and a book of love poetry if you wanted to go the extra mile and recite some cheesiness to your loved one.This was definitely a memorable date for us and we would do it again in the future. I did ask what would happen if it rained the day I booked our picnic, to which they replied they would setup an intimate area inside the estate for us to enjoy our romantic dinner.
4	We absolutely loved our picnic dinner on the manicured lawn.  They prepared it we just came and picnicked  I thought this was wonderful, cultured and cool!
5	This place is just gorgeous! I mean seriously walking in gave me a feeling of being transported to some enchanted southern fairyland where everything is provided for you. I was here as a bartender for the White Party fundraiser for RAIN, so I didn't get to explore too much, but from what I did see it is just so pretty!The house is pretty big, enough for a nice sized event. The staff was super helpful and the atmosphere is one of the nicest you can get in Charlotte. Walking up to the house around dusk treats you to a view of the lanterns and strings of lights everywhere, and white rocking chairs on the ginormous porch. Then you walk around towards the back and notice the gardens that are very well maintained and full of flowers. I think I'll have to try out the picnic they offer here sometime when they're not busy hosting an event. Totally romantic!
4	I live near this place, and have wandered its grounds in awe of the gardening and landscaping.  The waterfall and pond in back are astounding.  We had our daughter's first professional photo shoot there, actually.I hadn't gone into the house itself until a few months ago.  The place is amazing, and each guest room has its own name and theme.  While somewhat luxurious, the rooms have preserved their older, historical details, and a few of the are downright quirky.  You can check them out online.I always thought that if you were to get married in Charlotte, the Vanlandingham Estate would be a perfect venue for the ceremony and reception.  It's a fantastic historical treasure in a City that has far too few examples of its roots.
5	What an AWESOME experience.  I took my mother-in-law here for a fancy shmancy picnic for Mother's Day, and it was absolutely perfect.  Very easy to book online, check in, and get to the picnicing fun.The grounds are absolutely breathtaking, just a phenomenal backdrop for a leisurely afternoon picnic.  This is the perfect thing to do for a mother's day gift - it's personal, fun, and relaxing, which is exactly what every mother wants.The food was so great, too!  With VERY VERY generous portions and a bottle of wine.  Comes in the cutest picnic basket imaginable.  I will definitely be back soon, if only just to admire the landscaping.I would love to come to an event here, wedding, garden party, whatever.  Quick! Someone I know here, get married!
5	I stayed at the VanLandingham during a recent visit to Charlotte and very much enjoyed it. A beautiful, traditional Southern estate converted to an inn and conference center, if you're looking for the sprawling verands and charming southern colonial, turn of the century feel, this is the place to be. There are two buildings-- the main house which has several unique rooms, the dining area, and a large enclosed patio for events, and the carriage house which has four unique rooms.I can't speak for every room, but I stayed in the Camellia room which was large and had a queen bed, upgraded bathroom with a soaker tub, desk, large closet, t.v., hardwood floors, coffee-maker, ironing board, and ceiling fan in addition to A/C (a must in NC during the summer!). The decor is reminiscent of the era and much of the original elements have been kept.The grounds are beautiful with several gardens, fire pits and a lily pond.Weekend breakfast is provided. On Saturday, I was given a choice of three different breakfasts and on Sunday, it was buffet-style. The buffet included grits, bacon, sausage, pastries, scrambled eggs, potatoes, coffee, juice, and tea.Note that the dining room is not open in the afternoons and evenings so plan on driving (or walking) a little ways to get to a restaurant. There are plenty of choices on Central and I found a fantastic little bar called Joe Hooper's that served the best catfish po'boy I've ever had.The service at VanLandingham was fantastic all around.There is even a resident cat that roams the property and seems to be quite fond of bacon. ;)Free parking.
4	Hidden gem! My husband and I had a picnic lunch on the grounds. The food was good and the grounds are really nice. I will definitely go again.
