5	SO. MUCH. FUN. Was just in Scottsdale for the weekend visiting a friend. He took us to a number of bars, including Mint, American Junkie, El Hefe, and some others, but Wild Knight was hands-down the best of all. The decor, the DJ, the staff, the drinks...the best of the best.
1	This place was awful. Went for a friends birthday party everything was fine for the first few hours until they closed. My friend ( the birthday girl) and I were quickly using the ladies room while our boyfriends were settling a tab of over 600 dollars when one of the managers burst in the bathroom and refused to leave! We were on our way out just washing our hands when we asked him to excuse us we would just be a moment he refused. I understand they need to get people out but refusing to leave the ladies bathroom is just creepy. The only reason we were still there was because they weren't finished w our tab. He proceeded to speak to us very rudely saying we had no manners and kicked us out the back door saying "we didnt deserve to go out the front" really after having a table and bottle service all night. It was ridiculous when outside I told them they were being so rude and they physically shoved us off the property saying "get off our property" to push around two little girls like this completely un provoked is just ridiculous. It seemed to me that manager or whoever  was totally abusing his power around there. I have never been treated this rudely anywhere but the fact that we spent that much money and they literally threw the birthday girl out the minute they closed is just really tacky and unprofessional. They shouldn't be treating anyone like this and expect to be open too long. I for one will never be back and will tell everyone I know never to go there. It was ok prior to their rudeness at the end but knowing that they would ever threat people this way I would never go back. So I guess go if you want to spend a lot of money then be treated poorly.
2	Very "eh."  Went here last night for my brother's birthday, where he had table service.  I know he had some big disagreement with the management at the last minute over which tables we received for table service, but I won't knock them points on this one since I don't know the details.I hadn't heard of this place before we went there, so I didn't have any expectations -- probably a good thing.  This place was just very... middle-of-the-road.  It certainly was packed on a Saturday night, but basically just a collection of tables and a mid-size dance floor.  There wasn't really anything special that left an impression on me...well, other than servers walking through the crowds with sparklers and bottles of champagne every now and then.  Music was more techno/dance than hip hop, and there were more guys there than girls -- which I was okay with!  Overall, fine, but I won't go out of my way to return.
4	I heard this place was opened by the guys that sold Jackrabbit last year (before it got all gross & trashy), so I thought it'd be worth a shot.It was slammed on Saturday... and still, everyone that worked there was great. I was diggin the DJ, the 2 bars, atmosphere, everything -- wall-to-wall sexy!  Like any place in Scottsdale, they've got their fair share of d-bags, but if you know how to handle them, it's not a big problem.I'll definitely be back.
3	Decent club. Was my last stop after a fun-filled night of Old-town bar-hopping Saturday night. I actually didn't think this club was packed at all. No line,  Plenty of room to dance and walk around, and was able to get drinks at the bar pronto!  Also a outdoor patio great for people watching. The inside is very dark, but the place is pretty nice. I'd come back again for sure.
2	I give this place two stars because lets face it, they have two bars.  But it's all over priced, and extremely small.  The dance floor has room for maybe a handful of people before it gets too packed.  There are booths around the perimiter for bottle service if that's your thing, but there's nothing to look at while chilling in a booth.  I may be too harsh considering I've been to much better clubs in Vegas, but I would only come back here if I could get in for free.  I would never pay a cover to get into this place ever.
4	I've always liked Wild Knight so far that I've been there which is twice.  I went for 4th of July and it was kind of empty but that's because everyone goes out of town for 4th of July in AZ with the heat. Regardless, it was kind of fun when it wasn't that packed because I was able to move and hang out with my friends. The other time I went my friends and I were sat at a table with some lovely gentlemen and we stayed pretty much the whole night. Our waitress was friendly and she was there whenever we needed her (and wasn't there bugging us when we didn't) - wish I remembered her name! I also like the pictures they have on the ceiling; they are kind of random, for example shots of Las Vegas and then shoelaces and then flames, but the effects are nice. Music played is dancey, typical Scottsdale crowd kind of stuff and a lot more on the house side than the rap/hip hop side. Actually the second time I went it wasn't that packed either, but maybe that's just because it's new. I think Wild Knight definitely has a lot of potential but there's room for a lot of growth.
4	I'm a huge fan of this place! The drinks run a little steep but the atmosphere is great. The one thing is they don't really have a dance floor so try and get invited to a table!
2	Overall: Great location if you are a women, slacking if you're a male.Ascetically pleasing but unless you know  the bartenders here getting a drink will take awhile. Additionally, if you're a male just be aware this establishment only has urinals. There is no toilet. While this may not seem like a problem, the one time you need a toilet, it is. I really don't know how you can be an establishment without a toilet, but ok.Door guys/bouncers are polite and engaging and drinks are well-made.
1	Patrons BEWARE!!!      This is my second experience with this particular club in Scottsdale.  I vowed to NOT return to this club as my first experience  was nightmare at best.   Difficulties obraining a drink to be charged $14.00 for my cocktail.   ( highball).   My friend paid with credit card for his cocktail only to have taken a moment to glance at his bill before signing to notice that he had been charges $29.00 for one cocktail .    This took nearly 45 mins and an act of GOD to be corrected.   Hence my vow to never return .Here I am at the door of Wild Knight, again , decided to give another try  with my prepaid ticket  to hear a particular DJ that was booked to perform.   I had bought a presale ticket online weeks before the event. I approach the door of Wild Knight to find myself in a MOB scene with no apparent organization.   Yes, this performer is quite popular.   I ask a very approachable door man which area I should be to obtain entry as I have a presale ticket.   He directs me.  Upon conversation in the crowd with others who have purchased table service the time ticks on.....still NO ONE has gained entry.  ???    Four people with clipboards standing , guarding the entrance.   No one is being processed for entry.   Table res. people finally after one hour have had someone approach them . ( keep in mind their table cost was $2500.) I am still patiently waiting as I have ticket prepaid.   NOTHING is happening.   Ignored by all working there,  the crowd is quite disgruntled. Word is that the event was oversold.   OK, how does this happen??   My dj friend who had just finished performing had to come outside to rescue me from the throngs of people who also had prepaid tickets for me to gain entry.  Once inside , good rich sound. , nice club, co -ed restrooms, drinks obtainable however HIGHLY overpriced..   I dont know what to say except this establishment isgrossly  lacking in their management and crowd,/ door handling. Too many clubs in old town for this to keep the partrons wanting to return.   Wild Knight take notice.!!!
1	Wild Knight? More like annoying night. I went to this place for the first time over Halloween weekend and was not impressed at all! Hmmm, where should I begin? Let's start from the moment of my arrival. I was running fashionably late as usual, so I was by myself meeting my friends who were already there and had a table inside. Let me just say, that I've rarely had to wait in line to get in anywhere, and that  surely was NOT the case with this place. I had to give at least 3 different door guys the name the reservation was under before they finally got things figured out and let me in. In the mean time, they let in at least 2 groups of ALL dudes! I have never seen any successful club run this way. Two words, LADIES FIRST! The door guys also continually talked down to people patiently waiting in the slow moving line and were very condescending. It's like they were trying to be like an LA or NYC club. I've been to both places numerous times and have never been treated so rudely. Wild Knight is nothing but a wannabe hot spot. I know things were a bit crazy because it was Halloween weekend and everything, so I took that into consideration. However, I was also at two other places prior to arriving at Wild Knight because I was trying to figure out exactly where my friends were. The people at those places were nothing but kind and extremely helpful. When I FINALLY got inside the club, no one showed me to where my friends' table was or even pointed me in the general direction! The place was way too crowded! I literally felt like I couldn't see anything and was just fighting my way through a bunch of heathens to find my friends. The bottle service was sub-par. We continually had to ask for refills or other items that were forgotten. The staff was not very attentive and had a bit of an attitude as well. The drinks were way overpriced and nothing I'd write home about either. I'd almost rather make my own drinks to spare myself the negative attitudes. The dance floor was also way too small to even move and it didn't have the sexy, classy crowd you'd normally expect at a nicer Scottsdale club. It was definitely more on the trashy side than I'm used to.At the end of the night the staff continued to be rude and was doing everything but physically shove people to clear the place out. Most of the people that were still in there were simply trying to pay their bills and close their tabs. Perhaps the final straw was the next morning when I realized I'd lost my ID there since I was only carrying a teeny clutch. I called the club and asked if anyone had turned in my ID, the person on the phone snapped back "We don't have it!" and then proceeded to hang up without even bothering to look around or ask someone else. Thank God I had amazing friends with me or the night would have been a complete epic fail. Even taking into consideration the fact that it was Halloween weekend, I will NOT be back to this place. And if you value good times and good service without the snobby attitudes, I highly suggest you stay away from this place as well.
2	It was so glorious to come on Yelp and see that Wild Knight only has a 2 star rating.  Good, I'm not the only one.The people that run this place must have their heads so far up you-know-what, that they can't see this place is going to be another Old Town failure.  Yeah its kinda nice inside, but its nothing special, just another wannabe club that should really be a lounge.  Why don't you guys cut the BS games at the door?  Have one line for VIP/Pre-Sales/List and one for General.  I see by your signs that you attempted to do that, but let me tell you....they fail at this.  Its one mass of people trying to get in, with every bro-ha in Scottsdale trying to get himself and his boys in.  After waiting in the front of the line for nearly 30 min, the door dude has the audacity to ask if we were on the list.  Are you kidding me?  If I was on the list, and waited 30 minutes.....I'd be livid.  Once inside, its just another Scottsdale club.  The bartenders seem to charge whatever they want for drinks seeing as I only ordered the same thing, yet was charged differently each time.Only reason I came here and the only reason they are getting 2-stars and not 1 is because of the DJ I came to see, Sander Kleinenberg.  He was outstanding, shame he had to play here though.  Sound system sucks too....no mid range, just tons of bass with tons of treble on top.  They seem to get some good DJ talent in and thats the only thing that will keep this place going.Go here while you can folks (if you must), cuz it won't be around long!
2	Not necessarily the hottest spot in Oldtown, but it's alright.  This place has a lot of competition with the older nightclubs, which I think patrons are used to attending.  At the end of the day, there's nothing really new or popping that catches my eye in here.  No one really dances especially when the floor space is so open and wide.  They should know people that want to dance aren't always so secure about their dancing.  By shrinking the room and making the dance space tighter I think you'll see a more happening place.  Only positive I see so far is no waiting outside and plus the drinks come flowing quickly. - Enjoy!
4	Very Vegas atmosphere, the place is very big. LOVE the music, all house, dubstep, trance, nothing radio play. Bottle service is awesome. Drinks are expensive otherwise! Decent dance floor, awkward tables in the middle would make it more open. DJ's are amazing, they often bring out of towners. Dress is classy and sometimes guys have cover.
3	Welcome to your typical Scottsdale dance club/lounge.Do they good some good djs to perform here? Yes. But once again, trying to make more money they push two tables on either side of the dance floor. Thus creating a tiny dance floor and obstacles to moving around this place. And I mean we're talking big tables.Drinks are the same as everywhere else, price and quality. And the doormen are pricks to everyone unless you know them, in which case you get to cut the line. Annoying when you've already bought tickets to see a dj and are waiting to get in.Claim to fame: Ball rings that have LEDs inside that flash. Otherwise nothing special about this place.
1	Terrible place, excruciatingly bad service, douchebags galore, lame drinks.  Only thing keeping them in biz is that sometimes they have cool DJ's there and the place is OK looking inside.  Management in particular is what really screws the place over.  Scottsdale is ready for the next management team to take over the space and really turn the concept of Wild Knight into a thriving business, not a bland place that pisses people off.  It was embarrassing, I had a friend in from Miami (he's been to some very exciting clubs all over the country including Liv in Miami, #2 in the WORLD) and I thought it'd be a good idea to bring him here.  Terrible experience, underwhelming to say the least, I FULLY regret showing this place to him since now he has a super bad impression of what Scottsdale nightlife can really be.  Blah.
2	Went for a concert last night with Wolfgang Gartner. It was the most ive ever paid for a drink... 10 mixers 6 beer. I was not happy with the mix drinks eeither. mine was very heavy on the coke, and my brothers was like cat piss. It was also your typical douche bag guys from scottsdale, and your bitchy ass girls from scottsdale. They all think they are better than you and its quite annoying. Dress code was pretty leinaint last night tho. that was probably the only good thing. doubt ill be back.
1	I have been to this particular club a few times as unfortunatly this is the location of the dj's are very often booked  in which I want to experience.    I am FORCED to write a review as some things just CANNOT go unchecked.   I have been in the service business myself for over 30 years so I am not making any quick judgements by any means. The door management has been better as of late.  Girls inside the door collecting cover and managing door quite friendly and lovely. I was actually approached by a bartender willing to pour a dring and give me service.   Once again, HUGE improvement over my past visits. Now for the nitty gritty.........Standing in line for ladies room with ten other women we witness a 200lb plus bouncer pulling a girl from the men's room.   I dont know why she was in the men's restroom HOWEVER that is a mute point.   The bouncer pushed her, held her against the wall in the hallway, grabbed her wrists, was physically rough and proceeded to push and shove ( again I reiterate) a WOMAN in the hallway with many witnesses.   Another bouncer showed on the scene as I guess that it really is necessary to have 500 lbs of stupidity total ,to remove a woman from the premisses.   She exclaimed that she had a table and her purse was at the table.  ........Oh, no out the back door she was physically forced by these two bouncers.    Disgusting treatment of a  woman.   I suspect that the video of the incident will be on youtube.    WAY TO GO WILD KNIGHT!!    I would not be surprised if you are hit with an assault charge on this one.    Further into the evening......the music has ended . A bouncer approaches myself and friends chatting  with ( promoters by the way) by the dj booth  asking for us to close out our tabs.   I touched the mans( bouncer )  arm , exclaimed that i did not have a tab.    He then exclaims " DONT effin touch me"   I look at him and ask if he is kidding right. "NO"   Dont effin touch me is repeated to me..  OK, so my employment takes me to other countries where warmth and genuine is expressed with a touch.   I am so blindsided with this response that we have words.   I tell him that he obviousely is not in the frame of mind to be working in this particular genre of music as we are a loving crowd. Touchy , feely.   He asks me how old I am then proceeds to tall me that "YOU effn look it."     Well, my age has never bothered me or I would not be going out.....however I am old enough to know and recognize tthat this behavior and disrespect of patrons who spend loads of money for cover, high priced  drinks., tip bathroom attendants and stay the entire night   should never ever be tolerated nor accepted.Wild Knight take notice,......these GOONS will and perhaps already have ruined much of your patrons opinions.   I know of NO business where employees such as this would be allowed to remain on the payroll .   I know for a fact that any of the businesses that I  have been employed by would never tolerate such inferior rude behavior by employees.I have also noticed other reviews of your club are not particularily favorable.   Perhaps it is time to make changes,   and FAST!!    .
3	If you are a true electronic music lover, you don't really care about the other stuff.  The talent they book here is insane! I recently saw Judge Jules on a Friday night.  Not too busy, I was able to interact with him, get pictures...it was awesome. You'd never be able to do this at a larger show.The dudes who work here are real douche bags.  Someone spilled a drink all over the dance floor.  When the douche in a suit "guarding" the stage was told about it, he threw his hands up and said he didn't care. Will he care when someone slips and breaks a leg on his dance floor?  Probably not.If you are not doing bottle service then there is nowhere to sit, but why would you be sitting anyway?Again, if you are looking to hear the top names in Electronic and don't care about anything  else, this is the place for you.
3	Went with some girlfriends of mine to celebrate someone's job promotion. The place is laid back and nice. However the people who worked their were kind of condescending. They took forever to serve us. I usually have good time with most clubs. The people who work there kind of blew off my friends which was not cool!!! I got the feeling that if you were not with some rich guy, the staff were not going to pay any attention to you. The truth is we were ready to spend a lot of money at the club if they would have treated us better. So we just left and went to somewhere else.
3	Came here twice to see Thomas Gold & Cosmic gate- Thomas Gold played an awesome set. The layout is a little akward with some of the bottle service tables in the middle of the main floor- not a big deal though. A little annoying that all the people who bought presales including me had to crowd around the front and try to get the bouncer's attention who was busy regulating general admission. I'd only come here just to see DJs play- other than that you got wayyyy better options in DT Scottsdale.
1	I like to party all over Phoenix, whether it be in Scottsdale, Tempe, Chandler, Phoenix, and on occasion Glendale/Peoria. I've also partied in Cali, Florida, Nevada, Oregon, and Washington. so, I have a slight problem with people saying that all of Scottsdale is all stuck up because it isn't. I should know, I'm more of a hillbilly who was raised in Ohio and thought clubs were the worst thing on the face of the planet until 2008 when I first attended Myst.With that said, Wild Knight is one of the worst clubs I've been to on multiple levels. And you know the worst part? The club may read these reviews but they won't care much less do anything about it. So I guess I am writing this in hopes that someone will read it and chose another club to party at than Wild Knight.First off, I hate the layout of the club. If you go there on an off night where everyone is lounging then it isn't a problem. However, if you go there on a busy night, much less a night where a big headliner is there then you may as well go ahead and make sure your will is up to date because if that place catches fire... you're probably going to die before you get out. I think the place better resembles the American Gladiator obstacle course than a dance club honestly. To put this simply, this place is built to be a lounge where the swanky rich-kid scenesters can be seen - not a place to dance. In fact, there is no dance floor. It is more like a 5 foot wide gauntlet aisle to dance in where everyone walks by you, spills their drinks on you, and pushes you so they can get to the bathroom. Needless to say if you are here to dance you would be better off standing outside, never entering, and dancing on the sidewalk. Wild Knight, if you are listening, I hope that you take those two center VIP tables and either burn them or push them out of the way. Either that, or quit holding events where you know people want to dance.The outside. Every time I have came here it has been something different. Presales here. No-ticket line here. The rich kids greasing their way in line here. The VIP line here. And the line of severely confused people over here. It's an absolute clusterfuck and it's annoying.Prices. I've been here on headliner nights and a nobody playing night. The SOBS were charging $20 a head on a nobody night. Excuse me? This isn't the Playboy Mansion you weirdos. So what does this mean to you? Well, if there is a headliner I'd suggest getting presales... that or bring a condom and some lube because they are going to have their way with you at the door without a reach-around. Speaking of getting raped, be prepared to get violated at the bar. The drinks are expensive - second to the drinks in Vegas on Memorial Day. One of my favorite drinks is a Long Island and I've had them at nearly every club and bar I've been to and you guessed it... they succeeded in making the worst Long Island I've ever had. So not only was it the most expensive... it was the most disgusting. I would have been better off mixing a Bud Light with Jager, Sake, Midori, and Tequila than whatever the hell they gave me. Do the bar tenders even know how to make this fairly common drink or do they just pour shit in a bottle and demand money? My guess that if you order anything more complicated than a Vodka-Cran then they are lost. Sad.Sound. I like bass. I like to not only dance to my music but I also like to feel my music. Maybe it is the acoustics or maybe it is underpowered - or maybe the shitty bartending is messing with the sound waves... but I didn't care for the sound. I get better sound from my computer speakers when I'm dancing at home in my underwear - yeah, I said it...Before attending Wild Knight I vowed that I would never attend Axis-Radius again. To me A-R was too crowded, the bar was always full, and one time they didn't even let me in even though I had a presale ticket. However, at least in Axis-Radius I could somehow manage to find a place to dance even if it was a bit crowded. And if I went to the other side (Axis, permitting that it was open) then I could actually get to the bar. At Wild Knight there is no alternate bar... and there is no way you can manage to find dancing space (because there is none). Somehow, Wild Knight managed to put Axis-Radius back on the map for me. I will actually go to Axis-Radius before I go here again.I rarely give out 1-stars, but Wild Knight, not that you care.. but you've earned a 1-star with vigor.
1	The one thing this location has going for them are the great DJ shows they bring.  Other than that it's a waste of time.  It's such a disappointment to wait 25 minutes outside to realize there is no one in the club.  I recently purchased tickets to the Zedd show.  I showed up around 11:30pm to find that I had to wait in line.  I had a ticket but I wasn't allowed in because they were at capacity.  If you are going to have a big show don't put it in a tiny club like this.  There are plenty of other venues that are bigger and less hassle at the door.
1	I'll be straight up on here.  I am definitely a club rat, I love music, dancing, and hanging out w/ friends, to have a good time, etc.  The workers at this place act all hard and sh*t.  I can expect that from bouncers, but OMG I know this guy was the manager or something.  He gave me attitude to get out of the way and walk in.  I didn't even do anything, I didn't know!  He shoved me into the other room and closed the door behind me.  WTF? Seriously?  I waited at the that door for the longest time for my friends to come in, but they didn't let them in.  This place let everyone in except my friends.  So...I walk back to the front to figure out what the problem was.  When I walked to the front, the same manager or whoever he was, yelled at me again.  He was very disrespectful and rude.  I called him out on that.  Then he tried to get me out of the club.  My couple of my guy friends barely paid to get into the door, and then this guy kicked me out, and so they had to follow.  The guy who started problems with me called his bouncer in to reliquish me.  Yea, that guy is big, ok...tell me to leave, don't shove/push me.  I'm not wearing flats.  I will never go to this place again.  How will a club survive with bad customer service? They won't!!!!!  And who names a club "Wild Knight"?  Wild Night would've been better than "Knight"!  So gay...Also, they put up a wall in the patio area, so you can't people watch outside.  How boring...If you want to have a good time, DO NOT step foot into this club...
1	This place yes, has amazing DJ's spin thanks to Relentless Beats. If it wasn't for that, this place would be just the venue that was there before it closed down. If they have big DJ's it will be packed, if not you can expect there to be 10-15 people inside. The "bouncers" outside who think they're running the door at LIV will make you pay cover. The people that run this place obviously could care less about anyone unless you're there friend, or have a table. They tend to treat people very poorly, don't believe me, look at every other review for this place and you will see the same message. They purposely don't have lines here because they're trying to create this SoBe/LA vibe. Don't go here unless a big DJ is playing.
1	It has been 7 months since I last graced the dance floor of Wild Knight. I vowed never to come back to this shitty establishment but one of my friends wanted to go there to see Sean Tyas. I figured that maybe WK read some of the pitiful reviews on here and changed their shit. Nope, they haven't. In fact, I think they actually read the reviews and decided to expound on their absolute worst-service ever.So what happened last night? STRIKE 1: Well, first off, the club was not busy - not at 10:45 when we got there or at 1am. I guess the word is out about how fucking terrible this place is. But really, whatever, who cares - a huge headliner was not there so I can understand.STRIKE 2: I stuck with beer this time because last time the drinks were terrible and they charge Vegas Holiday prices. However, no fail... they can't even do beer right. What the hell is up with their skimpy beer selection? Oh-yeah! I forgot... they want to limit you to their liquor and charge you some ungodly amount. So I drank Stella Artois in a can - interesting.STRIKE 3: I like to dance and get into my music. When I am not dancing I like to stand as close as I can to the subwoofer and feel my music. I found my spot and I got a tap on my shoulder from the bouncer "Um, move... you can't stand here." Apparently I was too close to the VIP table.STRIKE 4: So I was there with my Irish friend who this is his last weekend... and also my friend who was having a bad week. I figured, hey, let's get a shot. I'll go with an easy one - how about a Alabama Slammer Mr. Bartender? No...? You can't make that one? What... no sloe gin? Gebuz Christmas. What the hell kind of bar are you?STRIKE 5: A couple minutes later... how about this shot... a Purple Hooter? What response did I get? A "sorry we don't have Raspberry Liqueur" would have been sufficient but instead I got "dude, come back when you have a normal shot" as he threw his bar towel down at me. Fuck off dude. I ended up saying, make me a shot, anything, fuck it. I think he made some sort of lemon drop variation. He's lucky I turn into a lover and not a fighter when I drink because I would have beat his ass.STRIKE 6: I'm standing outside when one of my group comes up and tells me that my brother got kicked out. I asked why and they said that he was too drunk. I laughed, my brother can be black out drunk and still look sober... and he got kicked out? Get real. I assure you that he was not too drunk as I was drinking the same amount as him and I felt buzzed at most. Kick one of my group out and we all leave. I honestly think that they kick people out just to cause drama and have people walking by think that the club is all exclusive. That and the managers and bouncers have ego problems where they only feel good about themselves if they push people around and treat them like shit. I wouldn't doubt it if they read these reviews and masturbate to them at their work meetings.I had this place on my Scottsdale ban list before but apparently I didn't have it on my perma-ban list. It is definitely there now. Read the other reviews - many others are boycotting this place too.I honestly think that whoever the owner is has a massive insurance plan on his building and he is just hoping that someone will come by and burn it down and they can cash in on the insurance. There is absolutely no other logic as to why any establishment would be continually and aggressively offering the worst service in Scottsdale.
1	This place is AWFUL! Easily the worst place in scottsdale. First off the bouncers are all dicks. And the bartenders make really shitty drinks... If its your job id appreciate it if you do it right, and dont charge me $10 for a well vodka... no thanks. I did steer away from the liquor for the most part last night. BBBBUTTTT when i asked what they had for beers... 4 Corona, Bud Light, Stella Artois, and one other I cant remember... hating all those except Stella I ordered that.... and it came in a fucking can... I understand you dont want someone to break a bottle over someones head but jesus christ at least pour it in a plastic cup or something. My brother also got moved because he was to close to a bucket of ice... umm wtf? And then when we tried to order a shot.. a simple well known shot.. Alabama Slammer... but they didnt have the ingredients... youre a bar... wth did you just tell me? then we asked for another shot and we were told to find a normal shot and come back.... EAT MY DICK DUDE! I then preceded to be handed an AMF drink from a friend.. I was struggling  through my shitty drink when I set it down and started drinking water... as im eating some ice I get a tap on the shoulder saying I have to leave... why? who fucking knows.. I was chatting with friends and mind my own business.. I then proceed to walk out and leave the place.. for the last time ever.. This place can blow me.
5	My husband and I went to see Emma Hewitt perform at this night club. We purchased our tickets ahead of time for only 15. This was our first time at this night club and we didn't know what to expect. When we arrived, the staff was really nice and welcoming. The space was small with no seating unless you get a spot outside or purchased a table. The sound system was insane! I felt like the music was going right through my body! Emma's performance was incredible! It felt like she was performing for a private party. I was up front almost the entire night and one of the Security guys let me stand on the stairs next to the stage since I am really short (Lol)! I would love for this venue to have more events because of their sound system. Regarding their drinks, I felt the prices were reasonable- granted I just moved here. I know a lot of folks fr az say this place is pricey. Furthermore, the venue wasn't as packed as I thought it would be- especially with an artist like Emma in the house. No one was really buying drinks either which made it easy and fast to get drinks when we did. Overall, I had a great time mostly due to seeing Emma perform. I even got pictures with her!!!! How crazy is that?! I look forward to other events they hold here!
5	We hung out here for New Years. Great music, great dancers, and amazing atmosphere!  Good place to bring a group of friends and get a table.
3	Doo.Not a bad club, but my wife and I just found it kind of boring.  On the night that we went, they were featuring dj Kristina Sky, whose name was on the screen for most of the time that we were there.  At one point in the mix, you heard a sample of a guy saying "doo" on about every eighth beat.  It was the running joke of the night with me and my wife.  A couple of times I said "doh!" instead like Homer Simpson.Doo.What we found interesting was that only about 5-30% of the patrons were dancing at any given time.  That's not the fault of this place, but it did make for interesting people watching.  Here's this club and all these people are just standing around.Doo.Thankfully my wife got in for free.  I, on the other hand, paid $5 because I'm a guy--this is typical of dance joints where guys go to pick up women.  At least it was cheap.  As the patrons were about 70% men, they definitely made some money that night at the door. Another selling point was vodka, which seemed to be everywhere.Doo.Fair.  Seen better, seen worse.Doo.
2	I was enjoying myself first half of the night...but I don't remember the rest because I got roofied. Apparently this place is notorious for roofied drinks..keep an eye on them!
5	Everything I needed in an upscale Scottsdale club!!!  Great DJ, and amazing cocktails.  The place was packed!I was barely able to hear when I left!!!  Danced all night!!!
4	Not deserving of only two stars. This club is a little Taste of Vegas in old town! It's small enough to not be overwhelmed but you can avoid people if you want too. Has a patio that has open seating for smokers. The dance floor could be better having two tables on the floor effects the traffic flow if you like house music dark rooms and petty people give wk a swing.
2	I haven't been out at Arizona clubs much, but in comparison to other cities (minus NYC), the ambiance is okay. The DJ was pretty good that night, playing some good house mix, but the crowd was a huge miss. Not only that, we noticed two (definitely one) girls who appeared to be workers, but dressed in regular club-goers outfits. It seemed like it was their job to dance with guys and keep the party going. Interesting. $5 cover for guys on a Saturday, free for girls. Skip.
4	I had never heard of Wild Knights before this past weekend so I wasn't really sure what to expect based on the mixed reviews here. I was offered "free" tickets (although there was no cover at the time) for 5 people to go Friday night. I checked out the website and read about the dj who was playing that night and decided to go. My friends and I arrived at about 5 minutes to 10:00 to find that they were not open yet. We chatted with the door attendant and the bouncers and learned that this place was new. All the staff were extremely friendly and easy to talk to. At 10:00 they checked the list, let us in and we headed through the empty club to the bar to grab a few very reasonably priced drinks ($5 for vodka drinks). The place was vacant of other club goers at this point but that is to be expected when they just open. We talked to the staff for a while and watched the guy who appeared to be completely wasted on something dance his butt off to the opening dj.Around 11:30 the club really started to fill up quick. The headlining dj was really unique, he played electric violin between electronic sets and the crowd really seemed to enjoy it. Even my friends that aren't in to electronic music thought he was rad. We had a good time here and would likely check it out again next time we are in Old Town.
1	Worst service ever!! Had a table with a few bottles and a lot of people with a waitress that we saw twice. Never been to a club where the waitresses stand at the bar and talk the entire time.  Still had fun with my group but was pretty pissed that they autograt when they are so terrible.
3	My visit here was totally unplanned, but I am quite happy I walked in here though. I never thought a place like this still existed, but I guess they have to.. and I am happy I witnessed it. Atmosphere.The atmosphere is interesting, the music takes over this dark dance club and invites to dance in that, it discourages you just standing there. This is good, if you aren't here to dance or partake in the modern strange ritual of finding a mate for any amount of time - then you should be at a bar instead. For a dance club, I feel they have got the atmoshere down. Clientele.The people here is the most interesting due to the diversity. I saw models in here, dancing and enjoying themselves. I saw young guys that was undeniably over-served, desperately trying to find a place to discreetly act on their sudden invers appetite. I saw cougars here, with guys 25 years their junior, acting like their equal and looking good doing it. I saw instant attempts of hookups and I saw sad sad people that dances all in their lonesomeness like they are at the rave tent at a festival. The clientele is very interesting. Music. I couldn't exactly wrap my head around exactly what music they were going for, but it is some form of softcore techno beat that leaves everybody an amateur and dilletante. For dancing it works, and personally I am more fine with it than a Katy Perry song with an added beat.
