3	All excited about the tostadas. When I received them they were ice cold. The only reason for the three stars was the service was super friendly.
4	Good bar and the food is ok not remarkable but good.  Portions sort of skimpy but they ar ealways expanding the menu.  They do have a pretty good Rib eye however but nothing else was that memorable.  I will eat there again I'm sure.
4	Great food, new management, greatly improved. The wings are very good. The fish fry is top notch, the Walleye is very good too.
4	Stuck in Lodi for the day, I couldn't find a place for lunch, and I dared not to try "The Pizza Pit" in town. I thought I'd head east and come here for lunch since I didn't find anything better. Years ago, this used to be a place called Stockade and I loved it. Now it's a Badgers/Packers bar and grill. Visible from I-90, just west of Madison, there's a cheese place (Mouse Haus I believe) and warehouses for Pepsi and Walgreen's nearby. The Rodeside Grill resembles a log cabin style fort from the outside. Years ago, this place used to be called Stockade.Once inside, it's quite spacious with high ceilings and an all wood interior, except for the tile on the floor. The whole place looks very clean, not grungy and aged like so many bars in Wisconsin. I sat down to eat at the bar. All along the bar counter, there were blurbs and excerpts of Packers and Badgers accomplishments underneath the laminated countertop. The place even had green-colored ductwork, so I knew I was deep in Packers territory.A big screen TV aired game highlights from the Packers-Saints NFL season opener from the day before. Large men with mustaches came in for lunch, typical Wisconsin body types. I kept a low profile and my Chicago origin and calmly requested the Friday fish fry special. Having traveled up north on many occasions, this wasn't the first time I was surrounded by Packer fans. It's not hard to deal with them if you don't disclose where you're from and stick to the menu items or make a positive comment about Jordy Nelson being an awesome rising star on the team.The fish arrived in a few minutes and it came with a side of fries that were seasoned and coated - quite tasty in fact. Coleslaw is also a can't-miss item north of Illinois and this place has it right too. I found the meal quite enjoyable. The bartender got me another iced tea and then spent a few more minutes of admiring the place. The Packers highlights gave way to NASCAR on the TV, but I was on my way, 150 miles from Chicago once again.While I went for the fish, Rodeside also has some good burgers, from what I saw around me at lunch that day. Worth a stop on your way to the Dells or Lodi for that matter. Just leave the Bears stuff in the car.
4	We broke down on the road and and eat here we had a very good meal. We would stop here again.
3	Met a client there for lunch and I thought the food was good. It is located right off the highway so it is easy to get to. There is a private lot which makes parking easy and they did have lots of options on the menu. I had the philly beef sandwich that was pretty good. The other plus is they have lots of daily specials every day. Not sure when I would be back but I would not hesitate to bring a client there or eat lunch there if I found myself in the area.
5	Went to check out the Rodeside Grill for breakfast last Saturday with a group. Most of us haven't been there before but we heard good things from friends and saw the Breakfast menu online and thought we should try it out. Got a super warm greeting at the door and seated immediately. Had a nice dining area separate from the bar area and was clean an spacious. Our group was rather chatty so it took us a while to order but the waitress was very nice and patient. I got the Southwestern Omelet with pancakes - a little spicy but good. Others in our group got the french toast and one got prime rib and eggs. All were happy. Yummy food and good portions. Cost was decent - and we all got $ off for checking in on Facebook! We were very pleased and are planning on coming back again to try dinner.
5	Everything I have tried here I have loved! I must say that the "Naughty Crepes" are by far my favorite breakfast I have ever had. Crepes filled with NUTELLA, strawberries and bananas...to me, that is like HEAVEN! And it tastes every bit as amazing as it sounds. The Apple Chops are some of the best pork chops I have ever had. Large portion size, so I took one home, put it on a bun the next day and had a pork chop sandwich. Amazing flavor, very moist. Also, the Tenderloin Fajita Wrap is very good! Prices seem pretty reasonable to me. Bar drinks are very tasty. Service is so-so. Evening waitresses we've had were all very friendly and gave great service. However, the waitress we had on Sunday morning for breakfast was slow, and was never around when we needed her (although I could see her chatting with the bus boy)!  We overheard her telling other tables, as well as telling us about how difficult her job is and how hungry she was, and how she wished she could eat our meals.  This didn't seem very professional.  Also, she never came back to check and see if we needed anything, and brought us the bill without asking us if we wanted dessert-which we did.  Regardless of the one waitress we had that wasn't up to par, I think this is a great place! I would definitely recommend it!
3	Food is average, but for the prices they charge, it should be better.  Nice atmosphere.
4	My wife and I discovered Roadside while house hunting in the area...simply put...good food, atmosphere and friendly and efficient service!!!Highly Recommended!!
1	Bar is okay and the atmosphere is nice.  Food is below average and pricey. Our food was cold and when we commented on that the sever didn't seem to care.
4	Great restaurant!  A group of seven of us ate at this restaurant last Saturday.  The location is very convenient.  The ambiance is very casual, yet nice.  The menu has a nice variety (sandwiches/burgers/pasta/fish).I had a the bowtie pasta, which the menu said was spicy and it was.  Not too incredibly hot you couldn't eat it, but it diffenetly had a nice bite.  It came with a soup or salad and was more than enough food. Others in our party had a fish sandwich, tortilla encrusted tilapia, burito, pork roast and a couple of salads.  All were very satisfied with their dinners.I disagree with other users that the prices are high.  I found them to be extremely reasonable for the quantity and quality of food you are given.Beers/wine also seems to be reasonable.  I had a glass of pinot grigio and it was only $4.95.I was extremely impressed with the service.  The restaurant was busy and our waitress told us a large order had just came in and she apologized for the wait.  Despite all of the people in the restaurant, our wait was not excessive.  I wish I lived closer.  This is worth going to again!
4	Great service here and really good food. The dairy is from a local farm. I had the Sassy Cow cheese curds made with cheese from a local farm and the smokehouse burger. Make sure you try their ranch, it's also made in house. Our server, Roxy, was world class. Docking 1 star because the fries weren't too tasty. The ranch definitely saved them.
4	Badgers, nachos & a bloody mary. It doesn't get better than Rodeside Grill. Their customer service is the best we've experienced in a long time. Keep up the good work, Pete & the rest of the team!
