1	I rented a mini-van through ACE rental in Las Vegas.  I called the day before arrival to confirm that the mini-van would be available and was told it would be.  Upon arrival, We were told that they had no mini-vans and that we would have to take a full-sized delivery van and that there should be a mini-van the next day.  The van was so big, we had to take a step stool with us to get the passengers in the back seats. Also, this full sized van wouldn't even fit in the parking structure of our hotel.  We had to pay for valet to have it parked elsewhere.  I called the next morning, still seeking my mini-van and again ws told there was none but one "might be available" in the afternoon.  At that point, I told them I was bringing back the van and want to terminate the contract.  When we returned the van, they did cancel the contract but still charged us for the 2st day rental, even though we were given something we did not want and had to take time from our vacation to make the trip back to the airport.  Then we had to walk across the street to the "name braned" car rental agencies and rent a vehicle like  what we wanted in the first place from ACE!  I should have known it was a risky venture going with ACE when all the major rental agencies were in a nice new building just a shuttle ride from the airport and this rental agency was in a dank little yellow house - across a major street from where the shuttle dropped us off.  Sometimes getting the best price is not the best deal!
5	It's not the fanciest of offices, but that's not what I'm looking for when renting a vehicle.  I'm looking for great rates and excellent customer service.  Michelle & the crew at ACE delivered on both these fronts.  This location deals primarily with passenger vans.  The online rate I secured for a Ford 8-passenger van here was the same rate most other rental agencies were charging for a subcompact vehicle.  Go figure.  The van really helped, as I had 13 people in my party all vacationing in Vegas.Vehicle worked flawlessly, allowing us to save a ton on taxi fares.  BIG TIP: Be careful entering City & resort parking garages as the recommended vertical clearance of these vans is 7 feet overhead.  It's easy to overlook this if you're not paying attention and reading the signs!  Checking out was a snap.  Office is located across the street from the McCarran Airport Car Rental Return Center, a very short walk to the shuttle busses that take you to the terminals.  You guys "Aced" it.  Great job!
1	Booked a minivan and then when we get there they say they only have huge vans. No apology whatsoever.
4	We had to get some big passenger vans for a group trip.  Looking up rental places in the area both near and away from the airport there was not many goood reviews so we just had to pick one and go with it.  They were not the nicest vans in the world but probably because they don't get the churn like rental cars where they sell them after a while.  Other then that, they were pretty pleasant and did a good job explaining the van and how to return since we had to do it afterhours.I have only had one experience but it was a good one.
1	One of the first things to know is that they close at 10pm unlike all the other car rental places that are actually in the airport rental car building. Not a big deal. My flight got delayed and I landed at 9:45 (I called before I left and informed them of this). I called and they said there was no way they could stay a few extra minutes. That's fine, I wasn't going to make it in their hours so that's not their fault. They told me they would have my car ready at 8am and I could pick it up the next day so I took a taxi to the hotel and came back the next morning. When I arrived, they had given away my reservation because I came at 10:30am. They wanted me to thank them for giving me a "2 hour grace period" on my reservation and told me that since that had passed that my reservation was voided. Not only was this the first time that anyone told me that I had to be there by 10am but they could not have been less apologetic about not telling me that. I have learned my lesson about renting from this shady operation run out of a house across the street from where the real rental car businesses are run. Let this serve as a warning to you all.
2	We booked through Travelocity and booked out a compact.  They are saying it is a compact CARGO van. They make you pay per mile that you drive but they don't disclose that until you get here. They need to fix something with their system and with Travelocity. At least the manager hooked us up with a mini van that had seats in it for the same price!  Ha. I had to give them another star for that!
1	Save yourself time and aggravation. Bate and Switch is against the law. There is a reason why there is no one in the office - BIG SCAM. Sure low price on the internet, but in person they force you to buy their insurance which almost doubles the fee. DO NOT DEPEND ON THEM FOR YOUR VAN RENTAL. Go anywhere else. BEWARE!
1	There is a reason why they are located elsewhere from all the other rental companies. There is a reason for the seedy office. Save yourself the time and hassle.
1	Worse place to get a rental.... No information about $150.00 deposit. No information about HAVING to get insurance when other places allow you to decline... It was our first time renting here and definitely our last!!!! I wish i checked the reviews before coming here.... Plus their office smells so bad of heavy perfume/cologne. Ugh
1	If we can give it zero, we would.  We had reservations. After our flight landed,  we went directly there.  It was 11:57p when we got there.  We were met with a guy outside telling us they were closed at midnight.  ???   So you don't want our business? Ok. Now I know the reason why their business is from a dim lit building across the street.
