2	OMG, what is up with this company?  I saw a blood drive sign at work and said to myself "Why not?  It's been a long time."  What in the hell did I get myself into?  At the drive, they couldn't get my blood pressure and I was told by law they could only try twice.  Okay no problem I'll try again the next day.  Went in as a walk in, same thing, couldn't get my pressure.  Well I guess the two try rule went out the window as they checked my arm over and over again.  I even took my shirt off so they could try bare skin.  They left scratches and bruises on my arm then finally gave up.  I made an appointment for the next available day.  (I guess I was feeling guilty for not having a heartbeat.)  I got two e-mail reminders and a phone call to let me know I had an appointment.  (It was only one day apart.)  The lady that interviewed me took my blood pressure on my lower arm and got it on the first try.  They really pushed the double red cell donation and I said it would be okay.  It made me feel like crap all the next day, all I did was sleep. The next day I get a call asking why I missed my appointment.  Now they are calling me again, two days later.  They got their damn blood and I feel like I'm being stalked.  Now I'm getting a reminder of why I stopped giving in the first place.  Now, if your a blood donor please keep donating, but for me I think I'm done.
4	I should check my little Bloodhero account module thing to see how many times I have donated at this location but let's just say it has been a handful of times. Always double red cells, never a problem at all. Except this one time .... There is always an exception and it will ALWAYS (I am not apt to use absolutes/definites, but it seems to be true) be a technician that does not know you and that you have never seen before in your life (and don't ever want to see a----gain).Let's return to the positive: there is a lady here -- I am terrible with names so I would never be able to remember her's -- but I would be fine with her drawing blood from me with her non-dominant hand while blind-folded (and drunk). She probably does not drink so that would make it even more challenging. My point is that she is a studdette, a blood-drawing angel; I will edit this review the next time I go and catch her name. I recommend this location because of her. You do get BH points (DOUBLE!, plus an additional 100 if you make an appointment and keep it) if you donate double red in addition to whatever promotion they are running (I always miss the good ones, e.g. Penn & Teller tickets). Once we got Carrot Top tickets -- unfortunately we did not get to meet C-Top -- as he was donating his fine, orange-tinted blood and offering few vouchers for a ticket to anyone who donated. We briefly 'met' him at the show when he poured one in our party a shot.Back to the lady who tried to render my arm unusable and/or to make me give up donating forever. For some reason ... don't know why ... I was probably just trying to see how they did plasma draws here ... and comparing to have some sort of reference point to the atrocious Talecris (SEE: http://www.yelp.com/biz/talecris-plasma-resources-north-las-vegas#hrid:DHuzOb1FnlOqKendVLTfgg/src:self) ... I signed up for plasma instead of my usual double red. The lady could not locate a good vein. My hero tech remarked that there is no way that there should be a problem with finding a usable vein -- that I (or my veins, more specifically) -- was never a problem. I will spare you the rest of the details. If you have never donated, I don't want to really dissuade you from donating because of one anecdotal bad experience. Look at it this way: it did not even stop me from continuing to gladly donate, but then again I am sort of a masochist. And I would prefer to always be serviced by the same technician. - E
