1	I use to come to this place years ago when I lived here before living in Denver. I honestly think it's either gone way downhill or I've just gotten so spoiled that it totally sucked. Though since my nails weren't that good too, I think it's the downhill part. After a few weeks of moving and 12 hours of driving, my nails looked terrible and I needed to relax a bit. I went in on a whim to get a manicure and pedicure.I go in and there are maybe 3 other customers there. I still have to sit and wait. This isn't that big of an issue, but it was a little off putting. Someone finally gets around to me and another girl who they put in the pedicure chairs to wait. This is actually pretty good for me since I was more then happy to wait with my feet soaking. I kept telling her hotter but after a short time she turned off the hot water. It was fairly warm though so I tried to enjoy it. I got my nails done and she was pretty nice, but they had the trashiest tv on that was really off putting. Seriously, I'm there to relax not see girls in short dresses trying to get some guys attention by talking like tramps. After it's all done she puts me under the light table and I wait the usual amount of time. She never says I'm done or anything so I just leave. I get to the car and realize that  my nails are still REALLY wet and I've smeared them. Now at this point I blame myself so I head to the store to get stuff for dinner. When I get home and really look at them I realize that beyond my smears they are bubbly. This means she put on the polish WAY too think. I even check my toes, which I didn't smear myself, and they were bubbly too. The ambiance was one of those trashy asian places that kind tried but not really. After going to Paris Nails in Denver for so many years, which is very nice and relaxing inside, it's hard to sit in one of these cheap, stark places. One last note, I have very dry feet and in Denver you could see TONS of dry skin come off. Yes it's gross, but isn't that what I'm paying to get done? There was very little skin that came off at all and she hardly tried. All in all I won't be going back to this place. Guess I'm going to have to search Yelp for a better alternative.
4	They have friendly service and they do a really awesome job! The nail salon may be hard to find but it's next to Game Stop and Food 4 Less. I went there to get gel nails done and was greeted by the friendly staff.  Nicki was the one who did my nails and she was awesome. Unlike most nail ladies, she speaks fluent English and has a hilarious personality. I was super happy with my time there and of course my nails. I will definitely be going back there to get my nails done.
1	I'm always looking for a great salon for my manicures. Future Nails is 2 mins away from the house so I thought I'd give it a try.  Guess I'll be making my usual 20 min trip to the one I've been frequenting. You get no soapy water to soften your cuticles, just plain lukewarm water. My cuticles were nipped and became raw. The base coat was old and thick which caused my nails to be EXTREMELY bubbly. Gross. Hopefully my picture was uploaded above, mine are the orange nails. My husband was disgusted with the wasted money and obviously so was I.
5	I got a pedicure and full set acrylics and plan to return. Skye did my service and she was awesome. I got referred to see her and glad that I did she was great! Best acrylics yet and she removed a lot of my dry skin during my pedicure. She's very detailed with your nails and I recommend her :)
5	the only place I will go.  The staff is amazing. nikki  is my girl but skye is awesome to.  They are all great you won't be disappointed.
3	Not so good. The asian employees do not speak much, except to each other guy I had acted like he didn't understand english. Very old polish and not many colors to choose from. they play annoying lifetime movie channel on tv. Very dusty.
