2	the waitresses are salty.the food is mediocre (at best).the place is a total dump.however, it's open late, and the cook with the mustache is rad.  also, you meet the funniest people ever there.
2	The only positive thing I can say is about this place it is open late.We ate breakfast food at 2:30 am after the bars closed.Pancakes were burnt. Hash browns were burnt. A breakfast sandwich had weird burnt meat on it. I was drunk I don't remember.Bah. Cook/waiter was funny, so points for that.Again, the only good thing was that it was open when I wanted food.
4	If you're expecting some gourmet sandwich shop, then this is not your place. The Bloomfield Sandwich Shop is a late-night joint for the party crowd. The shop is rather small and if there is a line, you might be waiting for awhile. I didn't think it was worth the wait at first, but the the Philly cheesesteak that I got was disgustingly delicious! Sandwiches here are typical greasy drinking food, but the Italian bread used is excellent. I understand why some wouldn't find this place appealing. My circumstances were slightly different since friends of mine literally live across the street on Liberty Ave from the place. So I picked up the food when it was ready rather than waiting in the small dining room.
4	I love this place, and I can honestly say that I find myself missing it, now that we no longer living in walking distance in Lawrenceville.The sandwich shop is not glamorous, but you're not going to eat there for glamour. You're going to eat there because you can get an enormous plate of breakfast and a bottomless cup of coffee for around $5. Ma Roz will always make you feel at home, and she'll remember you after your first or second visit, so that every time you come back, she greets you with a, "Hey, where have you been?!?" motherly scolding. The food here is greasy, but it's delicious. Expect to hear some good music, too (Bowie, Creedence, the Dead). In the wintertime, you can warm up by sitting at the counter across from the grill and watch your sandwich come to life in front of you. Just remember, it's cash only.If you're coming in for lunch, and not breakfast, I recommend the fish sandwich. It's of Lenten church fish fry quality, flaky and greasy and crispy all at once. Yummy. Just uh... don't come here on a day when you want to eat healthy. Come here for a hangover brunch, or a late-night-prevent-a-hangover snack. You won't be disappointed.
4	I am not sure what the other people were eating, but I had a fantastic hangover breakfast here. Everything is cooked on the griddle right in front of you, and it feels like you are in a family kitchen.Everything is very cheap, and the omelettes and potatoes were delicious. I will return.
5	Friendly, fast, the prices are fantastic. It's the definition of town diner. Can't wait to come back and try everything else. Also they have grits, that's all I needed to know.
4	Don't let the outside fool you! My girlfriend used to live in Bloomfield and we discovered it by just walking in looking for something cheap. The place is tiny but it doesn't matter because the food is good and the portions are big and most importantly it's cheap. I always got the $3.95 breakfast at least I think it was $3.95 all I know is it costs less than $5 for a meal. The staff are friendly and you don't wait long for your food. Wish I could go more often but I can never remember the hours as they are open later at night than during the day.
4	The food is good, not great. But the portions are bigger than we've come to expect and the pricing is awesome. I wish there was a 3.5/5 option because it'd fit a bit better for me.BIGGEST TIP: DO NOT believe the hype. Go in expecting nothing and form an opinion off of that. My friends talked it up so much I almost couldn't help but expect to be blown away and I wasn't, which made it a little disappointing for me.Also, B.O. is a thing down there. Don't let anyone tell you different. Not always, not everyone, but beware.
4	How on earth haven't I reviewed this place before? It's really good. The coffee is always fresh and promptly served, and the owner, Ma Roz, is great about remembering you after a visit or two. It's a very family-type place, both in that lots of families go there to eat, and also that there's a familiarity that builds up very quickly. After I had my wisdom teeth out, this was the first place I went to eat once I could chew solid food again.It's a dive diner, sure -- but it's genuine, unpretentious (*cough* Taste of Dahntahn *cough*), and they serve some seriously good comfort food. The homefries are yummy as hell, and the breakfast sandwich is ridiculously cheap for the amount of food you get in it. And definitely, I recommend eating at the counter. The people who work there are great to talk to. As others have mentioned, though, don't forget your cash.
4	When Ritters doesn't tickle your fancy I find the Bloomfield Sandwich Shop a great substitute for a decent burger or some late night breakfast. The small interior is enough for a handful of late night munchers. But keep in mind one cant be super picky here. There is no I want it that way or this way. The way they serve it up is pretty much the way they serve it up. Be lucky that you have the option of late night dining. Which is few and far between in Pittsburgh.
4	I love this place!It's not fancy, it's a little corner diner but their coffee is very good.  Better than some of our local coffee shops even.  Their breakfast is much better t
4	One Saturday afternoon after a night filled with alcohol and a terrible nauseous feeling, i decided to walk to Bloomfield to head to the pool. i was so hungry and was looking for a pizza shop, but noticed Ma Roz's first. I was so excited to have some breakfast even though it was going on 2pm! It was delicious and all the greasiness it needed to be. While waiting, I chatted with one of the cooks and another person next to me. Everyone was super friendly. I'm glad I noticed that they are open late-night on the weekends.. gonna have to check it out!
3	While in Bloomfield on a recent Sunday afternoon, I was in search of a new lunch spot. i pulled out my handy Yelp app and found out that there is not much open on a Sunday afternoon in Bloomfield with the exception of a few Asian restaurants and the sandwhich shop. The reviews looked good, why not give BSS a try. Baby in tow, I walked over in the heat and called a friend to meet me there. When I walked into BSS, I froze in terror. How is it possible that all of the reviews do not mention that this place looks like it hasn't been cleaned since it opened. Yikes. The floors were a mess, the chair cushions were torn and the staff don't seem to even notice nor do the customers. That may have something to do with the food but more on that later. I was pleasantly greeted by an older woman, Ma Roz I assume. She sent someone in the back to dig out a highchair and specifically asked him to clean it. Well, it came out about half clean with some hairs on it. Nothing wet ones couldn't handle. My friend arrived shorty and she was just as shocked as I was. Well, I was committed at this point so we were going to give it a try. We both decided on breakfast. I ordered the pancakes with a side of bacon. There are some interesting pancake mix ins to note such as marshmallow, thin mints and chocolate chip cookies. I decided to go with peaches and blueberries. It didn't take long for our food to arrive. My pancakes looked incredible though they were missing one thing, whipped cream. Not a problem, they easily remedied that situation. I took my first bite and ta da! The light bulb went on. I suddenly understood why locals would keep coming back to this place despite the decor- if you want to call it that. They quite possibly could have been the best pancakes I have ever eaten. The fruit was fresh. That's right, FRESH peaches. Not canned stuff like you might assume for a small establishment such as this. The bacon was also cooked to perfection. They definitely know how to do it right here. And the prices were very reasonable. $4.50 for 3 pancakes, or should I say heaven cakes, and only $.50 a mix in.  I think they may only accept cash here so, you may want to head to the ATM first. Although, I was shocked and quite honestly, taken aback by the decor of BSS, I was also blown away by the quality of the food. If they sunk a little money into cleaning, fixing the uneven floor and replacing the chair cushions this place would be top notch and easily deserve 5 stars.
4	I just want to re-review this place for being so near and dear to my heart in Bloomfield.This is a really quirky breakfast spot (Seven C's in Bloomfield is also a must) that out of towners and locals alike should take a minute to enjoy.I am not sure what the story of the owners is, but they seem to be ex hippies, and are always working tirelessly to provide simple and awesome food. This place is also great for people watching, with the late night crowd. Some of the punk crowd that was more than likely jamming at Howlers will be present.Omelets, hash browns, fresh coffee, great sammiches- they always aim to please.
3	Ate here this morning with my dad for breakfast. I've lived here over 3 years and have never been here but was glad I came. I ordered a veggie omelette which came with hash browns or home fries and toast and my dad got the spinach and red pepper skillet which had the hash browns already in it and toast on the side. The food and coffee were both awesome, but the waitress brought out our toast a good 5 minutes before our food came which was disappointing. I would definitely come back here to try their pancakes and lunch type of food. Cool interior decorations as well!
5	I have ate at some awesome places and nothing compares to the food here its top notch and an awesome price at that! My mate and I go like 5 times a week and the people are awesome especially mama Roslyn she makes our day every time we get see her she will put a smile on your face and make u feel like she has known you your whole life.
5	One of the best places I've been too in all of Pittsburgh. Fantastic food and lovely people.
2	A great option when there are no other options.  If you find yourself devastatingly hungry in Bloomfield at 3am to drunk to drive or walk ANYPLACE else, sure, go for it.  Otherwise, take a pass- your insides will thank you in the morning.  The times I have eaten here have induced self loathing  of the worst kind..  the only thing worse are the stomach cramps brought on as a result- but I was drunk and it seemed like a good idea at that moment.
5	This place has more heart than a cardiac surgeon's office, and more personality than the Meyers Briggs Test. Ba dum dum.But in all seriousness, that's what makes this a five star review rather than a four. Mama Ros runs the shop along with her life love Mike, and she and he will treat you as one of their own kids (but, you know, in like a warm, life-affirming way rather than creepy).Saying that they're not in it for the money would be an understatement. The food is great diner breakfast/lunch fare at extremely reasonable prices (and by "extremely reasonable", I mean that it's freaking cheap). Mama Ros and Mike really just want to feed you. They give food to the homeless, and every Thanksgiving they host a huge donation-based Thanksgiving dinner for all those who can't afford throwing a feast themselves or who can't be with their families during the holiday (or who would rather avoid being with their families in favor of the awesome Thanksgiving party that is Mama Ros's turkey dinner).Great food, a business that's truly for the community, and a home away from home experience. Place puts a smile on my face every time.
4	Mama Ros's (sic) is a great place to eat late at night or early in the morn. They have weird hours, weird cooks, weird customers, and great food. The price is great and the silver dollar pancakes are soooo good.
5	Great food fast service great price. The local friendly atmosphere is everything you love in a place like this. Not the best looking atmosphere but you can not beat the friendly staff. My goto quick bite place in Bloomfield
5	If you are looking for a place that has high class  decor.... this place is definitely NOT for you at all.  If you want a REAL down to earth place without any fakeness... this is definitely the place for you.  This is a very tiny place that hold 18 people inside (plus two table on the outside)I love this place.   The food is great!!!!!The food is to die for.  Mama R. will make anything you want even though it may not be on the  menu.  The portions are very generous.  The place is owned by two awesome people (Mike and Ros).  They are definitely from the 60s era.  Don't let the employees scare you away.  They are ALL super nice people.They have body piercings and tatoos every where.  Immediately after walkingin I felt so comfortable. Thanks Ross for an awesome breakfast.PS.. This place only take cash.
4	Nice, cheap diner food with a great, homie little vibe. Plenty of interesting people drop through all the time, and there's always good conversation.The service is occasionally a bit slow when the diner fills up, but it's not usually much of a problem. The food isn't exemplary, but considering the restaurant's very reasonable prices, it feels like a deal.I stop by a couple times a week, would definitely recommend it.
5	Awesome Awesome Awesome lady.  She will make your food the way you want it.  She is such a sweet, kind, compassionate person.  The food portions are large.  Definitely worth the price.  I am not a breakfast person but here..... I am.   I love the 60's Hippy Look that this place has.  Mike and Ros are definitely two of the nice people on earth.  Ros will make your meal the way you want.The portions are beyond HUGE!!!!!This is a tiny place that seats 18 inside.On nice days there are two tables outside.Don't let the workers with all their many body piercings, and freakin' awesome tattoos, and awesome hair turn you away.  They are the sweetest staff that I have ever met.  I get the best service here.  More so  than any 4 or 5 star dining place.
4	best open late spot in Bloomfield. Because who doesn't want a cheesesteak at 3am?
4	Its a tiny, greasy hole in the wall and I love it. I went for breakfast when my band was on tour, and the prices are small touring band-friendly! Breakfast isn't really hard to do, but I hadn't had anything that resembled home cooking in a while and I needed this place. This is now a must for anytime I'm in town.
5	I try never to miss at least going once a weekend.  Best breakfast in the 'Burgh.
4	If you're into diner food and unpretentious plates, then this is the place for you. (And me, and everyone alike.)The Sandwich Shop doesn't look like that much from the outside but the warmth and atmosphere that Mama Ros and Mike put into it, is something amazing. Just had some coffee, and a modest plate of over-easy eggs with rye bread--but the eggs were cooked perfectly and the coffee great. If I remember correctly, you can customize your pancakes etc... Yes. A million times yes.I'll be sure to pay Mama Ros a second visit if I'm ever in Bloomsfield again. So should you.
1	This place has the worst french fries I have ever tasted. They were literally BLACK. All I tasted was burnt oil. My photo is the zucchini planks and that lump of blackness are the French fries that I was sent home with. I could not even eat one! I also ordered the zucchini planks and a grilled cheese on rye with bacon. The grilled cheese was incredibly dry and the cook put the bread together upside down, like it did not match up...One piece of bread was the opposite way than the other. Also the sandwich did not stick together like a melted sandwich should. Ugh. The zucchini planks were delicious. 1 out of 3 is not great. My sister raved about this place. I am so disappointed. Disgusting. DO NOT EAT HERE. I spent $30 for only one edible thing worth $4. So pissed!
5	I was looking for a quick bite after an early morning work out and took a chance based on the yelp reviews. This place is a gem. "Mom" is a typical short order chef with years of experience under her belt. The food was hot, fresh and simple and the coffee was surprisingly good. Even though it is clearly a locals place (four people came and went whose food came without ordering it), the owner couple were welcoming and chatty. I heard all about their thanksgiving. They were closed Thursday and Friday to serve or deliver 300 meals to the needy in their community. 130 deliveries and others picked up. The community supports them financially but they cooked for nearly two weeks to make it happen. 100% gratuity well deserved. Keep it up mom!
5	Need a cheap breakfast served to you by people that treat you like family as soon as you come in the door? This is your spot.The food is solid dinner food. You will get a good meal at an excellent price, and probably a hug. The place is small, so if they are busy be prepared to stand and waitIt is what it is. A quirky place to grab a meal run by a really nice couple.I would be remiss to review this place and not mention the free Thanksgiving meal the Sandwich Shop does for those that have no place to go, can't afford it, or are shut in.
5	This has become another Bloomfield Institution.  It's a great place to get breakfast and they do serve lunch.  The hours are odd, so it's usually a breakfast or a late night weekend place.  The environment is very charming and warm.  It's a place you will run into your neighbors and other Bloomfielders and some interesting characters.  The food is made with love and it shows.  The owners and staff are good people.  You can't go wrong.  The prices are very reasonable.
4	This place is a nice hole in the wall to eat at. We went there for lunch to eat sandwiches (hence, the name) but everyone else was still eating breakfast so it must be pretty good. It's small, but it's tasty and the people there are super friendly! It's places like this that make me love Bloomfield.
