5	Hot-Diggity-Dog!  This place is hilarious! It's horse betting and drinking and eating and gambling and drinking-- how could it not be a good time? I don't even have the slightest clue how to bet on horses but let me tell ya, ask the ol' guy in the corner and he'll explain a TRIFECTA to you. Get your drink on and throw your money away because you are heading to TURF PARADISE, Baby!
4	I really enjoy this place. My husband is big into handicapping the ponies so we head to the track a couple of times a month. If you are in a kick back mood, grab your lawn chairs, buy a beer and head out to the grassy area to watch the races. Or you can go to the grandstands with beer in hand and people watch. The folks that attend are quite varied. Everyone from the Red Hat Clubs, well heeled guys and dolls, twenty -something party friends and the guy who resembles the bum on the corner (will work for betting cash?) I truly enjoy lunch at the Turf Club. The food is very good. The lettuce wraps are crunchy and tasty. I think that the tuna melt is the best I've ever had. The Texas toast bread is toasted perfectly, the tuna mixture is warm and comforting. The fries are OK. My husband likes the sliders. Tap beer is surprisingly inexpensive $4 for Heffie. The Turf Club is where you go and see some of those better dressed folks and the rest of Turf Paradise is all about society's melting pot. Fun spot!
3	Went for a couple hours last Sat....the person at the clubhouse admission gate was a lady in her 70s (?) but was very nice...admission to clubhouse was $4 vs. $2 in grandstand...seating was extra...nice and clean clubhouse and downstairs was also clean as well.....saw newspaper clippings in clubhouse about when track opened in 1950's....and it doesn't look like grandstand area has been updated much since....concessions were a bit more than Wendys or the type but less than major league pro sports venues...but prices for beer and mixed drinks weren't posted...like to know how much before hand....quality of horses and racing was like Triple-A minor league...most of the races had field sizes a bit small for my liking (6-7 instead of 10-12)
5	What a fun time!  I can't believe we haven't done this sooner... we spent Saturday afternoon at the track betting on the live races and had such a blast.  It was a little tricky to figure out for first time betters so the first tip: Buy the program for $2 (share among the group- you only need one).  The program will show you all the races for the day including the simulcasts ones if you want to bet on those too.    The live races were about every 30-40 mins.  The TV's will update the odds which fluctuated a lot and don't lock in when you place your betThere are multiple different ways to bet:Show Bet: ($2) pick a horse to come in 1st ,2nd, or 3rd placePlace Bet: ($2) pick a horse to come in 1st or 2nd placeExacta Bet: ($1) pick the order of the 1st and 2nd place horses in orderTrifecta: ($1) pick the order of the 1st, 2nd, 3rd place horses in orderSuper Trifecta: ($1) pick the order of the 1st, 2nd, 3rd & 4th place horses in orderYou could do smaller bets on the touch screens, one person in our group did a $.10 Super Trifecta bet!  You can "box" bets for additional fees which allow you to get any ordering of your numbers chosen for the bet so if you boxed your Tri bet of 1-8-9 and the horses came in 8-1-9 you still win!  If you want to go check out the horses, go out to the left of the grandstands and you can see the horses before they go out to the track to race.  Beer was about $4 and they are running a promotion Twilight Fridays - $1 Beer, $1 Hot Dogs and races from 3-7pm in April.  Entry fee was $2 and Free Parking.  Clientele: Saturday afternoon had a wide range of families with kids, the local trailer park mullets, Scottsdale's douchiest and ladies in their finest summer dresses (sans Derby hats)Pack Sunscreen if you are going to be there for awhile.  The grandstands did get quite shady later in the afternoon or you can always stay inside until the races are ready.
5	Nicest track in the area. Older than Yavapai but better kept, and not a dump like Rillito. The clubhouse area is clean and comfortable. Lots of food and drink selections. The in-field is beautifully landscaped, and it has a turf track in addition to the dirt track. This is a great place to spend a few hours.
3	Fun place to come out when the weather is nice to watch the ponies race. The interior and grandstand area (didn't go into the clubhouse) could use some renovations/updating but we were standing outside most of the time so it was no big deal. Parking was free and the food was ok. A good deal during dollar days. Check out their website for specials. There's almost always something going on.
3	Sadly I couldn't find my way to the Kentucky Derby, so when the day of horse racing arrived, there was only one obvious alternative: Turf Paradise of course! I heard that Turf Paradise would be celebrating the Kentucky Derby with live horse racing, a hat contest and option for a buffet, etc, so we all put on our finest derby attire and headed up north for a day of mint juleps, gambling and horses! Well, this is no Kentucky Derby, but the spot is still pretty cool for Phoenix! It's legit horse racing and has everything from a winners circle and grand seating to betting and plenty of regulars. The crowd was classic. Imagine rowdy college'esque meets dive bar regulars. The drinks flow here and they have plenty of options for gambling. You can gamble with $2 or $10 bets, or $100+ bets. They have plenty of concession stands with typical sporting event food and they also had a BBQ section that had decent burgers etc. Here's a fair warning. This place lacks a solid flow of AC unless you're in the clubhouse section. So this means, summer heat and indoors at Turf Paradise don't bode too well, so come prepared with a fan and plenty of water. This was a fun spot to watch live horse racing, but it wasn't the best to watch the Derby since the tvs are small. The live horse races happened about every thirty minutes and were fun to watch! I always got to watch the winning horse head over to the winner's circle and watch the owners and family take a picture. So if you're looking for a fun activity in Phoenix and you've always been curious about what horse racing is like, I highly suggest stopping by Turf Paradise!
5	Turf Paradise is a great place to go to see races I've been going there for a long time and I miss it the food is great and so is the weather. Turf Paradise is better than Yavapai Downs.
1	I have no business whatsoever being at a race track.  I know nothing about horse racing.  I was obligated to come for my friends birthday though otherwise I would never come here.  This place is dirty, out dated, and the crowd is dirty and dingy.  Never again!
4	"The flag is up!"  Who doesn't like to spend an afternoon at the local thoroughbred track, sucking down a few cocktails, wagering on the ponies, and rubbing elbows with every possible faction of society, from the homeless to the 1%'ers?  Turf Paradise is over 50 years old, and shows it in a lot of ways, but that's part of the charm too.  Plenty of free parking, dirt-cheap admission, and features alcohol and gambling, 2 of the most important ingredients to having a good time, in Brak's view at least.  Spend the extra couple of bucks and upgrade to the club house, which features a nice bar with friendly and attentive barkeeps, generous cocktails at reasonable prices, and lots of TVs so that you can bet at tracks all over the place and lose money that much faster (or hopefully win that much faster).  Give it a go, I don't know anyone who hasn't enjoyed an afternoon at the races when trying it for the first time, and they usually come back for more.
4	I have never been to a race track before so when I saw a Livingsocial deal for this place I thought I'd try it out. It was the best $30 I ever spent! We sat in the Turf Club which I guess is the nicest viewing area. There wasn't a bad table in the place, even the 2 tops which is what we had. The menu is mostly lunch type items, salad, sandwiches, burgers, with a few breakfast options, but the food was surprisingly good and very reasonably priced. I had the tuna melt and it was stuffed with tuna salad and cheese. The BF had the chicken caprese sandwich. The sandwich arrived, I looked up a second later and it was gone. He inhaled it,  he thought it was that good. The bread pudding was ok. The only thing that wasn't awesome was the service. Our waitress was very slow to come around and she didn't have much of a personality. Any time we needed anything I had to flag her down but who knows it could have been an off day for her. We walked around and went to the grandstand and outside viewing area as well. There are stadium type food booths and a couple of bars out there and it looked fun. We would definitely go back again and pay the full price. So worth it.
2	I haven't been to the horse races since I lived in Arkansas so when a friend mentioned that they were going on New Year's Day we decided to stop by. It was pretty crowded inside and a beautiful sunny day out, so we set up camp around the outdoor tiki bar. It's not very nice or new, but the people are friendly and the drinks are cheap! Its kind of fun to bet and cheer and see who wins. I won like 3 bucks but lost 10-oh well, chalk it up to fun and call it a day. Probably the best thing I saw was a couple of kids- one holding a trash bag and the other going head first into trash cans fishing out bottles and cans! This gives you a little hint about the crowd, no?
5	Its Saturday and you promised you'd fix the downstairs toilet today, especially since your wife's friends are coming over for dinner tonight. One small problem.You don't know shit from apple butter about fixing a toilet. What do you do?Simple.Log on to the internet to the popular site EHOW, asking how to bet a quinella, exacta, trifecta, and superfecta.Once you know how to properly bet, next go to Equibase and download the TIP of the Day for Turf Paradise.Now you're ready to fix that toilet.Begin by explaining how you need parts and have to run all over town to get them.  Now you're free to sneak over to Turf Paradise for the afternoon. Fuck the toilet.A few beers.A few bets. A few yuks.Your troubles are over dude.Until tonight, when after dinner you deuce big in the downstairs bathroom, forgetting how you never fixed the stupid toilet.Uh-oh.You should have never listened to me. You should know by now I'm an idiot.Next time...when you're on EHOW, try the search term 'how to fix a toilet', or maybe even 'how to make my wife stop nagging me to fix a toilet'.Either will work.
5	Great time. Get the groupon deal when it comes out!!
3	My Dad loves this place so we usually join him.  It's a bit run down but ghetto fabulous.  Cheap beer & mixed drinks, popcorn and a nice walk around the grounds to see the horses make for a nice afternoon.
5	Makes for a great Sunday Funday!
4	I showed up a couple of Saturdays ago for the Camel & Ostrich races and it was good times. The crowd- very diverse. People from all walks of life, all ages, and from all over the valley. $2 draft beers, shade, and music made it kind of a party atmosphere, a little like Spring Break at Daytona Beach. I don't live that life every day but I do enjoy it in moderation so I was all smiles. I didn't win any $$ but I was hella entertained and the views from the grandstand are pretty awesome on a sunny afternoon. $2 admission, free parking and as long as you don't have a legit gambling problem, this is a pretty affordable day for what you get.
4	Fun, family-friendly, low-cost entertainment. Looking for something different to do? Why not spend $2-$4/hour wagering on horses? Sure, the return isn't huge at this rate -- a $2 bet to show may net you $1.10 (the most I've ever won is $12 on a $1 bet)-- but you've got a shot at earning enough winnings to cover your $4 beer and get more interactive entertainment than you will at a $12 movie!
3	I always enjoy coming here.  It's inexpensive, entertaining, great people watching and betting on the ponies.  We came here for their Cinco de Mayo celebration and they had live music, $6 taco plate special and $5 margaritas.  It was fun!  It was free to get in, plenty of space to walk around, plenty of bars and concession stands to purchase food and drink. The establishment is a little run down, but the bathrooms were clean, all the service people we friendly and the characters that show up.....priceless.  Not a bad way to spend a Sunday afternoon.
3	What a fun way to spend the day, not your best kept facilities but fun. Drinks were way over priced due to it being Kentucky derby day. Lots of people dressed to impress with very elaborate hats both men and women. The K derby simulcast TV's under the tent were probably found at the goodwill ... large rear projection models from the 90's with poor pictures quality nobody could figure out who one and in what order. terrible.
2	I love the idea of loving this place.  I really do.  And to be honest, if I was reviewing this place on it's own merits and not the clientele - I'd probably give it 3 stars as it delivers what it promises.  This place is an old horse track through and through.  Fun way to waste an afternoon and decent amount of money on sucker bets.  Beer is not overly expensive and if you catch it on $1 hotdog night - you can add gluttony to your list of sins for the day.That said, this place is an old horse track through and through.  Desperate need of a face lift when it comes to the grandstand / restrooms.  Lastly, I really wish this place was 18+ or at least had rules about children being left unattended.  As it has neither (or least doesn't enforce either) this is a playground for FANTASTIC parents who let their children go Lord of Fly's while they gamble away their afternoon.  But alas, drink enough - and they're just blurs in the background with makeshift spears.
2	I was not feeling the crowd (waaay out of my age range and I'm old *Yikes* ) maybe it was the day we chose to come? Who knows... Service sucked. The waitress forget our order and 45 min (YES, 45 min) went by and we had no food until we stopped her. Nothing was comped. We ordered Salad's and Sandwiches. Wait, I think...Ugh, what does it matter won't be going back. This place needs a remodel..
5	Hands down one of the best afternoons you will spend in Phoenix.  This track has it all, from the BDH's (Broken Down Horse betters) to the ladies dressing way too elegant.  We have such a great time, as the betting is cheap, beers are cheap, food is cheap, and entertainment level is high.  The place is in bad need of many touchups, such as the grandstand seating and a new paint job, but in no way does it take away from the fun of the racetrack.  It would be nice to get some better quality races other than 3K claiming all of the time.  $2 entry, $2 program...You can't beat that.  Have a ticket stub from any community sporting event?  Bring it in, you get free admission.  Sometimes they have a live band in the concrete area, where I've once saw an 80 year old shirtless hairy man dancing with two 20 something young ladies grinding up on him.  Only at TP.Have a group of friends and want to have a fun afternoon?  Come to TP.  It will not disappoint.  Even if you know nothing about horse racing, it's still fun for all.  This place has become a required stop at least once every three months for my wife and I, as well as our group of friends.
4	Cool place. Never knew it existed until I got a flyer in the mail. I am going next year for the Kentucky Derby!!! Dinner, watch the Derby and betting!! Mint julep please!!
4	Here every Friday after Thanksgiving. I was a little bummed when I saw they pulled the Nathans Hot Dogs out of the place. Hopefully they bring em back next year.
3	Great time. Food is great, spacious facility, great staff (although somewhat slow service at the clubhouse). Wish would have known the seats at the window would be hot due to sun. Great views from any place. Will defiantly be back again. Neat place. However super annoyed, never seen a place  that loses a jockey & stops the race from happening while all other horses wait near gate and let's the race continue without scratching the problem horse - would not have bet had I known they would allow that.
4	Spent a very enjoyable afternoon  in the clubhouse.  Fantastic view of track, great prices on food and drinks.  Service a little slow.  The reception person, Brittany, was so sweet and accommodating.  There was a pretty nasty customer in front of us and I was very impressed by the way she handled the situation and his rudeness.  She never lost her temper...smiled the whole time he was complaining and she was most accommodating to him.
3	I have been to turf many times before. I love going to the track, drinking a few beers and eating a cheap hotdog. Gambling on live action is always a blast and I always have a great time. The drawback to turf is that the place is in desperate need of a complete overhaul. I just wish someone would come in and invest into the track to fix the place up.  With the great weather we have here it would be nice to have a show piece race track like other tracks. If you ever need something to do that doesn't cost a ton of money this is it.  Go enjoy a day at the track.
4	A great Derby Day event!!!! We always have a huge group that goes and we're VIP sat in our own private section. The drink service is good, but naturally slow bc the place is packed! 2 years in a row our group has won best dressed!!! Derby on!!! Or "Talk Derby to me"
4	We went to Turf Paradise and it was a lot of fun. We went to the clubhouse to relax.  It was a beautiful day and enjoyed taking the kids to the playground. I won a quinella, boxed trifecta and a winning long shot. That was great. We had appetizers, dessert and Cobb salad. The food was fine nothing extra special but good. Turf Paradise is a fun place for everyone.  I have children of all ages from adults to little kids so it nice to go to a place that is fun for the whole family.
3	This place could definitely use an interior upgrade. Went on a weekday and parking and seating not so busy/packed. The experience is fun which is why I gave it a 3. Food is so-so but nothing special.
