1	I had a terrible experience returning defective merchandise at this company.I had purchased a pair of soccer shoes three weeks ago, used them 4 times.  The stitching started coming apart at the seam at the base of the tongue.  I brought the shoes back for another pair.  I spend 45 min trying on other shoes, as his store did not have an identical pair in my size.The owner of the store did refund my money, but he berated me by saying that I had wasted his time and that he" knew" I was "trouble" when he sold me the shoes.  I had purchased two pairs of cleats, a ball, shinguards, and socks from this place, and brought my friend who bought shoes, socks and shinguards as well.  We spend over $300 at this man's store and he said I wasted his time?Well, he did refund my money, but not before saying "Don't come back, I won't let you in the front door."  I certainly will never shop at this store again - I don't need to be berated and certainly I don't need to be treated like that from a store where I spend my money.
1	Owner is a TOTAL a-hole and needs to go out of business. Wife bought a pair of indoor shoes and asked the clerk if she could return/exchange if they didn't feel right. He said yes, of course! After 10 min on turf she realized they were too big.  Now that clerk is nowhere to be found and the owner absolutely refused to exchange and yelled at her that they were "used" and he couldn't sell them again (there was no visible indication of wear other than the toe stuffing had been pulled out). He also refused to honor what the original clerk told her. He was totally unprofessional and obviously has no concept of customer service.She went back a second time hoping to find the clerk that sold her the shoes, but again, got the owner (maybe he can no longer pay employees! yeah!) and got the same dress-down.Don't give this jerk your money. His prices aren't even good but we thought a little more was worth it to support a local business. NO WAY. Save yourself a ton of headache and go somewhere else.I hate giving bad reviews having been a small business owner but as you can see by other reviews mine was not a unique situation.We tell everyone we play with to stay away. He doesn't deserve our or your money.
1	I have been here before with a previous owner and had no problems. New ownership took over recently, and was unwilling to return items with defect.  The customer service was very poor despite being one of the few stores in the state that has referee equipment. I would not return. Tell me any other stores that carry referee equipment.
