5	just golf course alone gives this place 5 stars....27 holes....3 nines holes to mix and match....(sorry for all the stuck balls in the cactus..oops)...if you don't want to lug around your golf clubs...the loaner clubs are the top-end callaways....everything is provided...callway ball bag and phoenician logo callaway balls....okay...my rating might be also biased...all complimentary....iadmit the food was typical..nothing spectacular...enjoyed a nice long massage after golf....and the spa was nice....hmm....mostly old folks and some families...felt little out of place...but oh well..still treated like a king by the resort staff....
2	This is supposed to be one of the nicest resorts in Scottsdale?  We passed on the Princess for this place, and the Princess, though more remote, is a million times better.  Ok, so the hotel.  The building is nice.  The rooms are well furnished, BUT there are two big problems with these rooms that maybe only applied to our situation.  We were there for a bachelor party, so we had 4 guys in each room and we were assured this wasn't a problem.  We get there, and instead of 2 queen beds in each room (standard in almost EVERY hotel), there were 2 double beds.  Who wants to sleep next to their 200 pound male friend in a double bed?  Queens were pushing it.  Oh well, they gave us a roll away in each room and then two dudes slept on the floor.  We had enough drinks that it didn't really matter.  The other problem, the shower is a glass door shower and in the huge bathroom, but you have to walk past it to get to the pisser.  So every time anyone is showering or getting ready in the bathroom, the pisser is pretty much off limits.  Stupidest design ever.  The restaurants and shops aren't good, the service sucks, and they are overpriced.  We ordered a round of Mojitos and were seriously told by the waitress that the bartender would kill us if we ordered another round because they "took too long to make".  Then why are they on the menu?  Then, they had one waitress working about 30 tables.  So we didn't get menus for the first 30 minutes we were there.  And we finally gave up trying to get her to take our credit card when the bill came, and just took the bill to the front desk and paid it there.The good things were the bell desk and golf service.  When you got out of your cab, they handed you a bottle of water.  When you got to the golf course, your bags were carted up and you got bottled waters, tees, ball markers, divot repairers, all loaded up.  And the courses themselves were pretty nice.  But that's about it for the positives.  The other main problem is that most of the people here are older.  Not good for a bachelor party of guys in their 20's.  So I wouldn't recommend this place.  For a high rated resort, it fell way short of expectations.
5	When I was here, (and I'm not making this up) Bill Gates was on the next lounge chair by the pool (with a guy in shorts and a blue blazer who looked extremely alert). My wife had a massage and waited next to Julia Roberts. I don't know if this is normal or not but it was us, Bill and Julia. Same old, same old. The pool is fantastic. The service was great. The prices were astoundingly high. Very classy place. Come here to relax but if you look at the bill, you will not be relaxed.
4	I was there last weekend with my wife and we loved yet.  We had a great suite and really enjoyed the pools and the tennis courts.  I would give it 5 stars if it wasn't for the awful spa - The Cetre for Wellbeing (should be called the center for foot fungus since it was so nasty in the locker room).
4	Great place. Really nice suites and attentive service.The food is pretty good, and location is fab. If you like luxury or being pampered, Phoenician is one of the places in Scottsdale for it. Why four stars? Tell the staff not one credit card, dollar bill or comment comes from below my neck. Hello! Put me on a pit with an apple why don't you? The guy I was with wanted to kill somebody. Respect your guests people.
5	You will have to pay a lot to hang here, but if you are in Scottsdale, definitely one of the top places to stay!  The pool is great, and the constant ice water, great food service is great.  Its near impossible to get a room that has a great mountain view and even if you do you are quite a ways away from the pool.  The casitas close to the pool are really  nice, like little condos, and most have nice sliding doors out to the pool area.  The grounds are gorgeous and the place really is worth it.  Be sure and use the hotel's car service to take you up to the hiking trail.  Great Scottsdale Haven.
4	My husband and I stayed here over the holidays as we were visiting family and needed a private retreat to escape to at the end of the day...This place is such the decadence!  Of course there's a price for that but sometimes you just got to treat yourself.  It was also my birthday that week and my husband had made mention of it when booking our reservations..  We arrived about 1:00 in the afternoon..just driving up through the gates are a treat in itself..beautiful landscaping and there is the hotel set up against Camelback Mountain.   You have to stop at a guard who asks you if your checking in and you tell him your name and are let thru.  We decided to do self parking instead of valet because paying 39 dollars a day is not how I want to spend the enormous amount of money I knew I'd be spending on better things like the spa, restaurants, drinks.The lobby is so spacious with marble floors, fountain and lots of windows to view the scenery.  Check in was very fast..the guard must let the front desk know your here as they as our room keys were all ready to go!  When we got to our room I was so happy on how big and modern the decor was..  It's a 600 sq, foot room with a double sided sliding glass which opens to this huge balcony with two chairs, a table and a long lounge chair..  We had got the highest floor (4th) with a pool view..ask for that if you ever go as it's the premium view..There was a bottle of champagne chilling on ice with two glasses (compliments of the hotel) for my birthday and a card welcoming us.  The bathrooms are all done in marble with a sunken tub, full sized tolietries from their spa (Eucalyptus/grapefruit) and two big fluffy robes hanging up next to the tub.  A CD was playing some classical music, I guess to set the mood for the elegance and I'll tell you, I did not want to leave the room EVER!  We ate a few times at "The Terrace" which you had a choice of indoor or outdoor dining.  great food and excellent service.. The only thing I didn't enjoy was the many families with a lot of kids who dined there..very noisy at times..but then my husband and I are child free by choice so I guess we get a little grumpy when we are around misbehaving kids.  They also have a lounge and at night you can sit out on a high overlook, with fire pits for a chilly Arizona night and have some very tasty cocktails..  We also used the spa one day, my husband had a massage and I just used their sauna, steam room, whirlpool and the meditation garden sipping some herbal teas..I loved it!  They have over 5 pools scattered around the place, at night we went swimming and then used their enormous hot tub!  I can't wait to go back to this place..it's worth the extra money to be treated well, and to have a relaxing time...
4	We've always been given huge suites with huge balconies.  I think it is because my SO's is distantly related to one of the most famous politicians in Arizona and shares his last name. They alway remember our name and as soon as they see us coming the valets get our car immediately.  I think I want to move to the Phoenix area because that is how we get treated every in the area.
5	This is one of the best hotels I've been in - truly a magnificent entrance- the palm trees lining the driveway (and its a long one)- sprawling verdure grass, mixed with the native cacti, fountains and the grand edifice- an adobe styled palace...The resort features a swimming pool area- that probably occupies half of the property, tennis lessons from renowned players, a spa that caters to the hollywood jet set, and dining experience that rivals any establishment (Mary Elaine's).  There's a ice cream shoppe inside the resort- make sure you stop by on one of those hot hot afternoons!
3	this place is super nice and it should probably get more than 3 stars, but the deco/mood is just too old-person for me and it isnt my style. the rooms are nice and the pool is decent, but i just get a "hey be quiet and go to bed early" vibe from this place. if you have extra time scope it out, but otherwise stick to the other nice hotels.
5	They have a hotel within a hotel.Its called _____________ and its separate.  It has its own lobby, pools and guest area on a hill that backs up to Camelback mountain.I'd tell you but then again that'd be giving away the store for free and Larry doesn't do that.p.s. Its called "Canyon Suites"pps They also have Casitas that are like townhomes.  An upgrade is possible if you're Starwood elite
5	One of the premier hotels around the valley. For me, it is three-way tie between the Camelback Inn, Sanctuary, and the Phoenician for the best hotels arond Phoenix. Once you enter the gates it is like a city, full of casitas and swimming pools and golf courses. It and the Camelback Inn both capture the more classical, pre-modern Phoenix. It is a true resort in every sense of the word and effectively captures my favorite things about our city . . .
5	I didn't stay here, but came for a sunday brunch with a friend's family whom were celebrating a couple birthdays in october.the spread was as impressive as you would imagine from a resort of this caliber. one entire room (where you wait to be seated) was just for creme brulee, chocolates, cakes, etc.i have to say ambiance-wise, this place is absolutely gorgeous, but not my style. if your mom or grandma wants to do an uber fancy brunch or tea time (yes, they do a tea and scones deal) then this is your place. if you want a more post modern renovated hotel with tons of character, head for the valley ho or clarendon.back to the brunch. we had to wait about 15 minutes for a table even though we had a reservation, but there was big tray of mimosas set on the desk where they take your name. nice that you didn't have to wait for someone to come around with a fresh glass or wait for a refill, but i swear the host was giving me the stank eye for downing three in 15 minutes. ah well, just getting my money's worth.the dining room is huge with horseshoe booths, tables and a piano player who did a stand up job (i;m not even mad that he doesn't take requests to play journey). the first room was all seafood....my plate was stacked high before i even made it to the salad table, the meat room or the fresh omelette or pancakes table. it was all delicious, i was smart to pace myself to be able to try everything. the clientele was as i mentioned above, but the buffet staff gets double points for making sincere, appreciative comments on our tables' tattoos (not a hint of creepy guy or 'i'm just repeating what i hear them say on Inked," nice work).you could sit outside on the patio where there was a huge lawn for playing croquet (did you have brain tumor for breakfast?). it was really a delicious brunch, but if i'm spending that much money again i'm opting for a place that i feel more comfortable.
5	You can find me in Scottsdale in July- that's how much I love this place! The Phoenician is one of my favorite places to stay in the whole world or at least on the West Coast.  Every time a 3 day weekend rolls around, Labor day, 4th of July, you get the idea- I'm so at the Phoenician. It goes a little like this:7am - wake up in my kick ass room and enjoy how huge it is. Then have coffee and take a look at how absolutely beautiful Camelback is.8am- have huevos rancheros for breakfast- they make great mexican food.9am- walk over to the mother of pearl pool and grab my chair to layout on until about 1pm and i'm starting to look nice and toasty.1pm- order steak salad at the pool- absolutely my favorite lunch ever!2pm- take a shower and then make my way to the spa until about 4pm4pm- make my room so cold and enjoy the ac and then take a nap:)6pm- wake up and get ready for dinner8pm- take a look at camelback and completely enjoy the surroundings and my warm evening.*A huge plus and probably why I continue to have the same vacation over and over, is everyone on staff is great and happy to help.  I've never felt that they are pretentious or rude. And so I keep coming back for my get- away- weekends:)
5	Excellent all around!The only bad thing I have to say about this place, is it is quite large.  I felt like I was in Vegas with the amount of walking we had to do just to get from our room to the lobby!  And the weekend we were there- it was impossible to find a spot at one of the main pools were there weren't 100 kids splashing around (or a pool chair).  Luckily, we found a small pool that was another footbool field on the other side of the building:)The service was absolutely top-notch, and the facilities were exceptional.  I highly recommend!
3	Overall, I had a decent experience.  I rated the Phoenician a three and half based on the following:Our ArrivalI expected the highest level of service for a five diamond hotel, but was very disappointed with the staff at the front desk.  We waited for 40 minutes to check in and it was apparent that the delay was caused by the staff's inability to handle complex transactions, without the assistance of management.  The hotel guests in front of us wanted a specific type of suite with an adjoining room and it took a manager to rearrange reservations and accommodate their request.  The associate watched her manager complete the transaction and then proceeded to assist us... did I mention it was 40 minutes later?The HotelThe hotel is too big and spread out.  The main resort building consists of standard guest rooms and luxury suites and the perimeter of the resort is lined with one to two bedroom casitas.  The spa is located among the casitas and was pretty far from the main resort building, where of course, we were staying.  The whole point of our stay was to have a relaxing spa retreat, but the layout of the hotel made us work too hard for our treatments.The SpaThe spa was a bit aged and lacked the functionality and modern amenities we have all come to love and expect.  The bathrooms had very little privacy and there was only one functioning sink (the others were out of order).  What made it all better, you ask?  The MASSAGE and the SHEA BUTTER treatment!  Both were fantastic, ask for a guy named Stacy and you will not be sorry!The TerraceMy friend and I purposely did not rent a car because we wanted to really relax and enjoy the hotel's amenities.  Therefore, we ate almost every meal at the hotel and The Terrace restaurant was memorable.  The food was delicious and the service was amazing.  My favorite meal was the Porcini Risotto.  It had a full lobster tail, two large scallops and small shrimp mixed in with the risotto.  I loved every bite!  Their desserts were also very good.  One night we shared the chocolate fondue and another night we shared the S'mores.  You actually cook the marshmallow over a miniature fire pit.  Delicious!CheckoutWe had another mishap at the front desk.  As we were checking out, we requested that all of the charges related to spa treatments and meals be equally divided and put onto two credit cards.  Unfortunately, some charges were already applied to the credit card on file and the front desk staff refused to reverse the charges and accommodate our request.  Not a big deal, but somewhat disappointing!
5	I hail from the Mekong Delta, so I don't like the sun or heat, because if I'm not wearing SPF 45, I look like I've been working in the rice paddies after about an hour.It also freaked me out to see people lying about getting lobster red by 11:00am with apparently no concern about a little thing called SKIN CANCER.  But... whatever.That said, I had a great time in my ginormous $1200 a night suite for 3 nights, courtesy of my very generous clients.  The service is impeccable, although the decor is a bit creepy... In my opinion, it needs a major overhaul because, while it's very well maintained... there are lots of taupe and brown tones... which reminded me too much of the WASPy decor that my parents might really enjoy.  *shudder*The high tea here is FABULOUS.  Instead of the traditional tiered tray with your finger sammies and sweets served in a single round... brace yourself for it: they make multiple rounds with trays of the goodies and offer you MORE sweets or savories - whatever you want.  It's basically a high tea buffet, but without being tacky.  I was in absolute finger sandwich HEAVEN.  The spa services are expansive and very well executed.  I had an amazing Table Thai Massage and an excellent facial here... The staff are very professional, and the meditation/relaxation area is a wonderful amenity.Being a bit of a masochist, I also signed up for 3 private pilates sessions... and got my ass kicked.  The instructor (who's name eludes me, and for that I apologize) had me in the most exquisite pain for a solid week.  My core was challenged in ways that I've never experienced before - this from someone who has been taking pilates and yoga consistently for over 8 years.  The pilates sessions were focused on technique and I really worked the deep muscles, and was extremely pleased with the results.  The next time I'm in Phoenix, I will definitely sign up for another round of torment - so worth it.The view from Marie Elaine's is breath taking at night... and the food is absolutely exquisite.  Every dish was superb; I could have been delighted with everything on the menu; it was a very difficult process to commit to my appetizers and entrees.  Absolutely sumptuous.  And, for more casual eating, the 19th Hold Grill and Patio was a score - their bread basket included an out of this world "pretzel bread" that was tender and delicious... I ate two of them and didn't give a damn about the carb content.  Perfection!The next time I need a Southwestable get away... I'll be at the Phoenician.  Just not in a $1200 a night suite.
4	I don't know if it's in Phoenix or Scottsdale (referencing previous posts), but all the Phoenician's literature has their address as Scottsdale.    Anyway, it's easy to nitpick, but when they charge the prices they do, excellence should prevail.  The setting is lovely, rooms are sumptuous (one year we did get one that was pretty rickety and needed a do-over,however), staff is very friendly and generally accomodating.  BUT, we usually arrive about noon and I end up sitting in the lobby until the room is available.  This time it was available at 3:35 PM.  I'm glad we called the day before and asked for it to be expedited since we're Starwood members and have stayed there several times before and would be arriving early.  I know they have a noon checkout, but, cmon, three and a half hours to clean a room?!  They guarantee the room will be ready at 4 so I guess I should count my blessings that I got in 25 min. early.  Food in the restaurants is always good, as it should be, again, for the prices they charge.  I cringe at a fruit cup with yogurt for $9.00.   The Center for Well-Being, their spa/exercise area is very nice.  Friends and I took advantage of some of the classes such as water exercise in the pool, belly dancing, pilates, etc.   Instructors all knew their stuff and were fun and friendly.  I am always amused by the fact that you can stay at a cheap motel off any superhighway and get free wifi, coffee in the room and often free breakfast.  At The Phoenician there's no coffee pot in the room ($4. a cup downstairs), extra charge for internet access, etc.   It's a lovely place but could, and should, be so much more.
5	I haven't stayed here but have been a repeat pool-hopper during those hot AZ summers. I haven't been there for a while, so I am not sure if it's still fairly easy to sneak in. It's gorgeous, so I can only imagine the rooms are very nice and the food must be awesome. A stay at this place is definitely on our to-do list.
3	Would give this place a 3.5 if I could. The room I got was ginormous and the bathroom was nearly the same size. HUGE bathtub and separate shower - simply heavenly. I also liked that they piped in the audio from the TV into the bathroom so that even though you can't watch it, you can at least listen to your TV program while you got ready without having to blast the volume on the TV set.I also worked out in their gym, which was a bit of a hike from the main hotel area, but it was a really nice facility. I wish I had been there a few days longer and that I could have taken advantage of their many pools. They were even setting up a movie screen in the pool the day I was there, since they host dive-in movies on certain nights in the summer.
5	I'm more into coffee but somehow I was roped into going for afternoon tea to commemorate mother's day.   If I had been the one planning, it would have been a bloody mary brunch since I'm not one to enjoy acting subdued as the picture is in my head of  ladies drinking tea.  My first sip of well-filtered ice water told me the tea was going to taste great.  The service was impeccable.  The savories and sweets were tasty, I especially loved the curry egg salad and cucumber finger sandwiches,cranberry scones with lemon curd (YUM) but best of all was the champagne split (Laurent-Perrier)which is included with the Grand Royal tea for $40.00.  We were served from a split but it seemed we were splitting it with anyone that wanted a refill-they kept it coming.   We sat by the piano so the music was just loud enough that we could manage a bawdy conversation.  The champagne reminded us that we had much to talk about.Bonus- it wasn't crowded which is surprising for such a big day, we were able to relax  and take our time, none of that sense of need to turn the table.Bravo!
4	Fantastic resort facility at the foot of Camelback Mountain on the Scottsdale & Phoenix border.  During my two stays, I was given a "Casita" on my first weekly visit, followed by a standard room in the main building.  The casita felt like an apartment and honestly, outside of the bathroom, felt just as large as the regular rooms in the main building.  The facility is very well maintained and the staff is very courteous.On my first visit, Madonna was staying at the hotel while performing in Phoenix and while there were no celeb sightings of her, her many dancers were very visible.  Upon our return, a year later, Rod Stewart was seen lounging on the front patio every morning.The spa facilities were very well appointed as well as the amenities in the rooms.  Large size bottles of a very pleasant scented shampoo, conditioner, body lotion and body wash were made available daily, even if you had not touched the bottles already in the room.  Full bath sizes of soap were also included with the toiletries.There are several restaurants on the property and we took advantage of each one, from the upscale dining room overlooking the golf course to the veranda area for breakfast and lunch, to the ice cream shop, located in the shopping plaza.  We also has afternoon tea several times, however, I would recommend making a reservation, as the lobby dining room is small and they can be 100% booked.  The Canyon Suites is a hotel within a hotel property and while it is a very small hike to this facility from the main building, you are not prevented from wandering around the grounds to check it out.Overall, a great resort with interesting architecture.  Complimentary parking is available under the main building as well as outside of the casitas.
4	I've only stayed here once but have hung out here several times.   I didn't think the rooms were necessarily anything special, particularly because the design is sooo not my style.  The ultimate hangout spot  is the large patio/balcony overlooking the pool(s)/grounds/rest of the Valley.  I'd always bring newcomers/PHX visitors here to have a few (extremely expensive) cocktails just for the atmosphere, and everyone LOVES  it.  The pools are easy to sneak into, though I wasn't TECHNICALLY sneaking in, just waiting for some friends who were staying there and I let myself in prior to their arrival.  Unlike some other high-end hotels, parking is FREE, including garage parking, so that was nice, and not expectedEdit: The zipcode for the Phoenician is a Scottsdale zipcode, from my work standpoint it's in Scottsdale, and I went there as a local, not a tourist, for all of you who want to argue boundaries and call me a moron.
5	Went here during the Memorial day weekend..  Didn't think the service could get any better but it did!  Walk up to a lounge chair by the pool to lay on and a person comes up to you with two large towels and a pitcher of ice water.  Soon after wait staff is working the pool area serving drinks and food.. Very nice menu to choose from.  Also it was my husband and I's anniversary so when we checked in a dessert was presented  on a marble platter.. A yellow mini cake covered in yellow fondant with a bow made of frosting on it..a large curl of chocolate was on the side that said "Happy Anniversary" as was a small bowl of raspberry sauce to drizzle on the cake.  These little touches make this hotel 5 star all the way!
3	I have been here many times before in the last 10 years, but I think it is going downhill.  The service is top notch and the grounds are pretty nice. When you look at the rooms 4 stars and spa 3 * it is just better than average.  The remodeled rooms are pretty decent , but the spa needs some updating.  The same chairs have been in the mediation room for over 10 years and the lockers and shower areas have seen better days.  A matter of fact someone stole my sandals in the locker room.  This place is getting ghetto. If I am going to pay this much, I think I will check out the Westin  Kierland or some of the many other resorts.  It is a nice place and the service can be accomadating, but there are some problems that keep it from getting 4-5 stars.
4	Wonderful service, pools and landscaping here at the Phoenician, but be prepared to shell out some $$ if you plan to eat/drink here. My wife and I ate a fairly sizable dinner in Phoenix for what it cost us for two drinks here.Neat trivia: The historic Jokake Inn at the Phoenician, is the home of Nathan and Florence Arizona in the Coen Bros. "Raising Arizona"
2	Had some friends visiting from NYC this past weekend and they were staying at the Phoenician, so we headed over to catch up and let our kids play together. Unfortunately, I, and they, were extremely disappointed by the poor service at the resort. Firstly, the computers were down when they got in, so they wound up sitting in the lobby for nearly 4-hours waiting to be given a room.Then after we got there, my friend's daughter got stung by a bee at the wading pool and there was absolutely no response from the staff. There were at least 4 hotel employees standing by the nearby cabana and not a single one came over to ask why this 4 1/2 year-old child was suddenly screaming hysterically and why her mother was rushing around. Her husband had to go ask for ice to soothe the sting and it was probably 10-minutes later that one of the employees came by and casually handed us a bunch of bee-sting compresses from the first aid kit. I mean, how hard is it to walk by and ask if everything is OK when a child who has been playing just fine suddenly starts screaming like a banshee?Also, every time my friends wanted to order food or drink at the pool it took forever to get the attention of a waiter and often the response was not that they would take the order, but rather that they would find the correct server - who several times didn't even show and once again we had to go into the flagging-down a server ritual.All in all, the service experience was extremely poor. My friends had just recently stayed at the Ritz Carlton Palm Beach and, in comparison, were quite disappointed with the Phoenician. As a Phoenix resident, I was personally embarrassed by the service. Luckily, they enjoyed the town, but next time they'll probably stay at the Ritz or the Four Seasons.
3	beautiful facility...friendly staff...24 hr. pools...convenient location...didn't get to enjoy any of the restaurants on site but i'm sure they are good.  the spa was too expensive so i went to the marriott down the street.i thoroughly enjoyed my stay but i'm not sure if i'd come back.  there were too many families with kids.  i love kids and on the right type of vacation, kids giggling and running around is the fun part.  however, this trip was not one of those and Phoenician was not the place but now i know better for next time.  :)
4	Per the website: "In the English tradition, afternoon tea is served daily in the Lobby Tea Court. Voted "Best Afternoon Tea" by New Times and Arizona Republic readers, full tea includes finger sandwiches, scones with Devonshire cream and preserves, pastries and a selection of fine teas. Classical music provides a charming backdrop for a genteel afternoon break." I experienced this exquisite outing for my birthday one year. It was lovely and fun for a small group of women. It was like playing tea....but all grown up! The Thirsty Camel Lounge lends a relaxing atmosphere with panoramic views of Phoenix and Paradise Valley. The piano player plays soulful and sultry sounds in the backdrop. I'm drawn to this bar by the views and atmosphere, not by the service which can be spotty and often disappointing.The golf is great! Its a competitive course with awesome views! One of the most aesthetically pleasing in the area. I personally enjoy mango towel man! In the Summer, this guy comes around with iced cold mango-scented towels. He saved my butt when I played once in July. Yes, crazy I know!
5	This is a great place and I really can not think of any other place I would stay in Scottsdale.  The resort is very big.  The best thing I liked are the nine pools that are at the resort.  The pools are very clean, warm and not deep.  The pools are rather large so plenty of space to swim no matter how busy it gets.As for the rooms, they are pretty large.  Something like 500-600sf.  Each room has a separate tub and shower.  Double sinks and very big and soft towels.  Each day you are provided with a large bottle of shampoo, conditioner, bath gel, lotion and two soap bars.  They are very generous so if you like, just ask for more.There is a mini-bar, I thought it was reasonable priced for a 5-star resort.  Of course, it is still expensive after they add-on all the other fees.  There is a very large flat screen T.V.  The beds are super comfortable with lots of pillows.  There is a sitting area with either a sofa-bed or a couple of chairs.  Depends on whether you get one or two beds in the room.  There is a nice size balcony with table, chairs and a chaise lounge chair.The hotel has several restaurants and bars.  There is also a little shopping area.  The best place I liked was the pool bar.  It was surrounded by two pools and the attendants were very helpful and friendly.  Really good drinks and they even served Kona Longboard beer.The pools were much fun.  They had a pool for every ones enjoyment.  If you looking to play basketball or volleyball in the pool, they have that.  If you are looking to do some relaxation, you can find that.  If you are looking to have some drinks and listen to some music, they have that.  if you are into hot-tubs, they have that.  If you want to ride down a 165ft slide, they have that.This place is so great.  Although I really don't care too much for Phoenix, this place is on y list of places to go back to.
4	Came here on business and really enjoyed it.  Big room, nice patio and comfy robe.  It is pricey but it's a resort.  Had cocktails on the patio at the bar one evening and it was a lovely sunset.  Pool was fantastic and I wished I could have spent more time in it.  As I said, I was on business and I found their business center to be very helpful.  Had some packages to send out and they were very accommodating to my needs.Overall a good experience and I would go back again when in the area.
4	Very nice resort near Camelback Mountain.  Rooms are spacious and comfy, service is very friendly.  The pools are heated and huge, and the hotel restaurant has solid food.  There is decent hiking just a block or so away - up Camelback Mountain.My husband play on the golf course and thought it was a nice course, well manicured, but pricey (almost $200 for a round). Minus one star for having to pay for the business center and checking my email (why doesn't a resort as nice as this have WiFi??) and for having to pay $20 every time I wanted to use their "fitness center."  I would think they could build the cost of the gym into their reservation prices.
4	5 Diamond AAA resort.  The lush greens made me wish I was a golfer.  Service was top notch all around the clock.  Spacious rooms, great room service.  You can park for free underground.There are a handful of pools and a deceivingly fast water slide.  Poolside service is great and there are always waitstaff bringing you pitchers of water and ready to take your order.  Get the kobe burger with fries!  There was no steak salad on the poolside menu so I have no idea what the previous reviewers were raving about.  There are also a ton of koi fish in the pond leading to the canyon villas.  If you ask the pool staff, they might let you feed them with what looks like miniature dog food pellets.  Prepare yourself for attack of the monster koi!   There is a super cute ice cream parlor and even a flower shop on the premises.  Loved the hooded bathrobes and generous amenities~  Ix-nay on the following:Paid internet and gym usage.  No infinity pool or lazy riverLobster bisque with no lobster to be found (room service)See my separate reviews on J&G Steakhouse and the Centre for Wellbeing.
4	Absolutely devine resort.Love the crema marfal marble throughout... all the Allan Houser and American Indian art throughout the grounds... Top-notch.  And the staff are very friendly.  The main pool is made outta mother-of-pearl.. which is cool to the touch!! amazingly relaxing...One star off cause.... well.... everytime I went.. it was with an asshole.
5	Stunningly beautiful setting.  Great pools, just an absolutely iconic hotel.An added bonus is that you can use Starwood points!
5	Everything it should be, at summer rates, anyway. Stayed here three nights over Labor Day Weekend on a AAA deal at $167 per night, with a Camelback view. Everything at the resort is on a grand scale, yet not overwhelming, with the exception of it being a bit of a maze to get to some rooms. The lobby has a real wow factor, from the large fountain to the high-ceilinged sitting area with a terrace opening off it... spectacular. I'm something of a hotel bar junkie, so that lobby lounge terrace overlooking the entire Valley of the Sun really impressed me. Rooms are large and supremely comfortable and soothing. Lots of tans and sage greens, with some additional color provided by striking desert botanical prints on the walls. There's plenty of storage/closet/shelf space and a very large-screen TV. Balconies are also very sizeable with a full-length chaise, plus table and chairs. The only complaint I could think of in the rooms is that the nice oval soaking tubs are quite shallow. I would think you would want to carefully consider view at this resort, as there wasn't a great deal of difference in price for room categories, but there was a great deal of difference in view quality. I had the Camelback/cactus garden view on the rear of the hotel, which was quite nice and panoramic. There's also the view of the Valley, same as the lobby terrace--these rooms also overlook the pool complex. But there would be some rooms with views of the entranceway or a rooftop, so if view is important to you, specify what you want. The pool area is spectacular, with waterfalls and lots of angles and cubbyholes, as well as large open swimming areas. Set off to one side was a small courtyard fountain pool with beautiful tiling. It was usually not at all crowded, so if all you wanted to do was lounge in the water, you might try there if there was too much activity at the main pool. I have to give a special nod to the service at the Oasis pool bar--some really good sandwiches and wonderful servers. If the drinks "come out a little big," then you get the extra. The Centre for Well-Being spa, despite the pretentious name, offers great massages and an impressive relaxation area with sleep-inducing zero-gravity chairs. I'm not much on golf or tennis, but I did hear lots of guests praising those facilities. I do enjoy hiking, and it's about a fifteen minute walk on surface streets to get to the trailhead for Camelback Mountain. This hike is moderately difficult, but definitely worth the effort for the views. You get spectacular panoramas of the valley, including the resort. The best views are the first forty-five minutes or so of the trail, so you can make a round trip from your room in about two hours.Two of the primary restaurants now are Windows on the Green, at the golf clubhouse; and Il Terrazzo, in the main building [haven't made it to the new steakhouse yet]. Both are solid, if not spectacular, and offer a wide variety of dishes. I can recommend the gnocchi with wild boar ragout at Il Terrazzo and the quail at Windows. There are a few more casual, cheaper places sprinkled around. Room service serves the Il Terrazzo menu and was very speedy both times I used it. There wasn't a single service mis-step in my three days. Everyone was unfailingly pleasant, efficient, and knowledgeable. Housekeeping came and went without ever interrupting, so there seems to be a real effort to be inconspicuous about servicing the rooms. Some other quick notes:* The ExecuCar service is handy and costs no more than a cab, so should you need to leave the property it's there.* Ice is delivered by room service, but there are also ice machines in the housekeeping closets, which aren't locked. * Lon's at the Hermosa is worth the trip for dinner outside the resortI'm already planning my trip for next 4th of July so I can see the fireworks around the Valley from the lounge terrace.
5	Great experience at the Phoenician, specifically Il Terrazzo. We normally buy many loaves of bread from them at OTFM (Old Town Farmer's Market). They were absent yesterday so we called in an order & went directly there to pick it up.Was gorgeous of course & they were as nice as pie.And the important part is that the bread was fabulous as always (olive walnut, chocolate cherry sourdough, farmer's rye, wheat sourdough, rosemary sourdough, baguette).
2	Just got back from a stay at the Phoenician.   Although the resort was beautiful, I was thoroughly disappointed in their service and won't return. I don't take a lot of vacations but do like to stay at a top notch place when I do go. For me, the service is by far the most important aspect on my trips and I found the staff at the Phoenician lacking in that respect. We were given a mountain view room. Typically, when I hear a hotel advertise mountain versus pool view rooms, it's not a big deal to me (in fact, I'd prefer the mountain except if I'm in a coastal hotel with a view of the ocean). In this case though, what they mean by mountain is opening your shade and being right next to a mountain (so close you can tell the bugs on the bushes). So essentially, you don't really have a view. That wasn't the greatest, but the bigger problem was I had no phone reception on half of the room and the other half I was only able to get one bar (clearly a result of being right next to a mountain). We went to the NCAA basketball game on our first day in town so we weren't in the room much. The next morning, I went down to use the fitness facility and found it to be sub-par for a hotel of the level of the Phoenician (needed a serious refresh...they have a bunch of antiquated machines and spin bikes). I asked the concierge if she knew of a track nearby (figured I'd just go for a jog instead since I didn't like the fitness center). She had some maps laid out for jogs on the complex but I informed her that running on asphalt takes its toll on my knees and that I really needed a track. I asked if there was a college nearby and she directed me to ASU, but gave me bad directions (had me turn right on Camelback and it should have been left). I drove for about 35 minutes and never came across the first street that I was supposed to turn on (Scottsdale Blvd). So that wasted over an hour of my time for nothing. As I kept having calls drop off on my phone, I became more annoyed with the situation and by Saturday morning complained to the front desk. The snooty clerk replied.."well sir, we can't do anything about the way the hotel is constructed". I thought to myself, so what are you saying?...your customers have to suck it up and deal with it? I would think a more professional clerk would have apologized for the inconvenience and immediately look to switch my room (instead of me telling the clerk that this wouldn't do). So I had the room switched but it wasn't available yet (it was 7am). He said I would receive a call informing me when the room was ready. By 12:30, we hadn't received a call and had to leave for the game so I called the front desk. The clerk said to leave our packed luggage on the bed and it would be moved for us to the new room by the time we got back. We arrived back at the hotel at 5. The new room was ready but the luggage hadn't been moved (they said they would take care of it right away). So we went to the bar for a little over an hour. We got back to the room...still no luggage. I called back to the desk and the clerk apologized and said it would be done right way). After another hour and still no luggage, I went to the desk and complained (we had 8 o'clock dinner reservations at a restaurant away from the hotel and needed to change clothes). We finally received our luggage just before 7:30 and needless to say didn't really have time to freshen up a bit before dinner (actually just got to the restaurant at 8). Although the front desk manager apologized the next day, it really didn't matter to me at that point. She asked what she could do to make me happy and offered to comp a massage or a free meal. I just asked if it was possible to get an "uneventful" day from her staff (which was really all I wanted all along). She had a look on her face like she didn't even know how to respond to that request (as though that might be asking the impossible). I mentioned that I really didn't think I was asking too much to have our luggage delivered and perhaps her staff could have at least made sure we had some ice (they don't have ice machines so we had to call room service for ice). She was surprised by the ice comment and questioned whether we had had turn down service (apparently the maids are supposed to deliver ice every night). I informed her we never received ice in the 3 nights we had been there and I had to call for it (and of course, tip their room service which I thought was bogus). She did end up comping our lunch but honestly it just didn't matter. I can't stand it when a 5 star hotel provides shoddy service like this. There are plenty of deals out there especially with the economy being in the shape it's in (even for 5 star hotels). My wife actually chose the hotel (I was pushing for the Four Seasons). The last day at the hotel was our 25th wedding anniversary, but I was just too annoyed to really enjoy it. Too bad the staff doesn't realize they ruin people's stays when they can't deliver a quality experience.
3	I just spent a weekend at the Phoenician and aside from the beautiful grounds, I was only mildly impressed.  I spend a lot of time in hotels and may be a bit pickier than most, but when you're spending a lot of money on a weekend at a resort, you shouldn't walk away feeling aggravated, you should walk away feeling relaxed.The service all around was mediocre at best, which really annoyed me since a 20% gratuity is added for almost everything.  I'm pretty sure that the wait staff was just told that if they talk to you, they'll be rewarded.  Forget the fact that in addition to taking your order they should also deliver it in a timely manner while being friendly... I know that my expectations are high, but when I order a $17 grilled cheese I'd like it to at least come with a smile.  The poolside service was a bit better, or maybe I just thought it was better because the drinks tasted good...The Spa services are extremely pricy ($192 for 50 minute massage, includes 20% gratuity) and I wasn't impressed.  I felt rushed and quite frankly, much prefer the $100 massage I get in Chicago.  I expected increased prices at the resort, but some things were just ridiculous - particularly in light of the poor service.  I stayed in a suite with several girl friends and as soon as we walked in we noticed the massive balconies and great bathrooms... lovely, until we made our way through the room and looked down only to realize that the carpets were filthy.  Disgusting.  Before you decide to throw down a lot of bucks at a fancy resort, I'd suggest doing some research (lesson learned).  As soon as I looked at trip advisor reviews I realized that a lot of people felt the same way about their Phoenician experience.  It's unfortunate that such a beautiful property cannot offer better service. .
1	Errrr, The grounds look nice, up to the gate at least...I was turned away at the gate because I did not know anybody staying at the hotel. I said well my family is coming to town and I wanted to check out the resort, the bulldog at the gate at the gate insisted that if I did not know anybody staying at the resort I could not come in. Then he asked for my families name, I a fit of confusion I said 'huh, what, why, ummm I guess I'll turn around' 'yeah turn around please...and as I was pulling away the gate keeper said something that I didn't catch that sounded pretty snooty. Seems a little ass-backwards to me treating potential guests in such a way.
4	My bofriend and I stayed at the Phoenician for a long Memorial Day getaway. We stayed in the Casitas - away from the main building. The room was spacious and well appointed. Perfect location overlooking the lagoon. Bathroom with huge separate soaking tub, glass shower with seat and separate toilet room. Grounds are beautiful. Pools are great - especially the adults only pool. Maybe it was because of a holiday weekend - but the pool was CROWDED by 9:00 a.m. We were lucky to find chairs. Get there early!Our favorite part of our stay at the resort was our Tennis clinic/instruction with Jeremy. If you're planning on taking a lesson, etc. go with him. He is so patient and laid back and just a wonderful wonderful instructor. We would probably visit again just to take lessons with him! He also made some great restaurants in Old Town Scottsdale.We decided to get off of the compound for a day, and Sedona is well worth a day trip if you're stationed in Scottsdale. We would definitely visit again!
5	In a former life, I managed a fine dining Victorian restaurant in Pittsburgh.  We had the occasional High Tea (this is actually the common tea for dinner, Afternoon Tea is the more formal) request and let me tell you, it is labor intensive!  If you cut off the crusts of the bread too early, they will get crusty, unless you dampen cheesecloth and place it over them.  The Phoenician is knowledgeable about the whole enchilada and Wanda is the Queen of the tea.  If you have the fortune to have her take care of you, you are in good hands.
5	I absolutely loved it! The resort is on a beautiful golf course and has a fantastic mountain view and spectacular desert garden. I liked the fact that there is a gate attendant keeping track of who enters the resort. My room was huge and had a great view. The bathroom was also huge with a large shower and a soaking tub. The toiletries provided were very nice, usually hotel shampoo is like washing your hair with Ajax! I appreciated the shaving kit that was available for a small fee, because the friendly TSA people at the airport confiscated my razor. I was able to go to the pool with nice smooth legs after all! The pool area is very large and there are a few separate pools. I liked the lower pool area because it is away from the main pool where there is a noisy children's area. It was a lot more relaxing that way. The resort is large and spread out, I wandered around forever trying to find the gym. When I finally found it, I have to admit I was slightly annoyed at paying a $10 fee to use the gym. Oh well. I ate at JG Steakhouse on the 5th floor. The view was amazing! They had a nice wine selection and offered some unique cocktails. The steak and sides were delicious. The Phoenician has earned a customer for life! I will stay here every time I come to the Phoenix area.
5	Review for hotel and properties only - not the restaurant part.I could automatically give 5 stars, as I booked a king size room and ended up in a 1 bedroom casita. But no, there are certainly more aspects. The pools - without a doubt the best pool area in the valley. Very attentive service from skinny ASU kids. Nice grounds, felt a bit like a good European hotel and obviously a good golf course, although I could care less about the old-men-in-triple-pleated-dockers-sport - yawn. Therefore back to the room. Nice, clean and laaaaaarge. Two terraces and two full bathrooms, both with tubs. Full living room and full dining room. Room service was good and to the point.One little negative: please solve the parking problem around the casitas ASAP. Build a separate parking for the people in the triple pleated dockers.
3	Overall I had a great say the property is relatively nice, the staff is very nice, the location is great. The rooms are very large but I didn't really care for the decor at all plus our sliding door was off the track so it was a little hard to use. The pool area is very large but still not large enough to accommodate all its guests. The pool side service was very friendly and the drinks we ordered were great. The location has its ups and downs, its off of Scottsdale road so you don't get the typical scottsdale crowd (think young over privileged college kids using their parents money to get wasted and do other various drugs while flexing there steroid based muscles or strutting around dressed minimally in bikinis that wouldn't fit a five year old). At the same time though it is an older crowd between 40 and 70 years old. If you are going with your family it is a great place to stay. I was a little disappointed that I stayed over 4th of July weekend and the person i made the reservation with misled me in to believing that there would be fireworks on property. They even make non-resort guests pay to watch from their balcony. Their idea of viewing fireworks was watching Tempe town lake miles away where you couldn't even hear the fireworks going off. That seriously bummed me out had i known that they would be that far away i would have gone somewhere in Tempe to view the fireworks. Now i know for next year. Overall I don't have too many complaints about the resort just wish it was a little closer to the main streets of Scottsdale and I really wish they would have been more clear on the whole fireworks thing.
4	[This review is limited to the bar area.]I had heard a lot about the hotel, so my girlfriend and I randomly decided to just scope out the place a bit by having a drink at the bar.  (We were driving along Camelback and saw the signs, and thought "what the hell?").We arrived around midday, and the weather was beautiful.  The guard asked us for our room # or whatnot, and we just said that we planned to have a drink at the bar, and he said "good idea."  We were pointed to the parking lot, which was underground.  It was a bit unappealing to park in what felt like a dungeon, but I can understand why they don't want a million cars parked and boiling on the surface.From the parking lot, we went up a few flights on the elevator and reached the lobby, which was quite nice.  There was a live piano player;  I am not sure if that is during all regular business hours, or only while on the weekend (when we were there).  We each had a glass of sparkling wine on the large balcony, which again was very nice -- great views of the area and a nice view of the pool.  The background music made it very relaxing.  Also, although I was wearing cargo shorts and my girlfriend was wearing a jean skirt and casual tanktop, we were totally comfortable;  there were plenty of people dressed up, but also a large number of hotel guests dressed casually.  (I'm sure the standards are much higher during evening hours, though.)Overall, I had a great experience and would take friends here for a relaxing afternoon drink.  It's certainly too far out of my way (from Tempe) to stop in for just a drink, but it's undoubtedly a nice place to spend an hour if you are not from the area.  The only thing that is slightly strange about the place is the large number of plastic-looking MILFs that are cavorting about, but I guess I need to get used to the Scottsdale area having a lot of those.  Anyway, I think this is a perfect first date place and also a good place to go if you want to feel like you are part of high society, as long as you don't mind paying a lofty price for a drink or two.
4	While this is not a place without some charm and comfort, it really isn't anything too special.Our Casita was certainly comfortable, quiet, and reasonably spacious but it still had the feel of a large city Hilton or Sheraton, no distinctive mark of its own.Indeed, it is in Phoenix rather than Scottsdale, but certainly, Scottsdale is around the corner. While there's nothing convenient about the way the Phoenix area is laid out, this hotel is as conveniently located as any. Or better phrased, it's no more far away from anything than any other hotel.I can only speculate that an aging golfer or poolside sun-chaser would particularly enjoy this facility but this might not be the place to stay if you're looking for a bit of active life.
4	I've been back a couple of times within the past year for long weekends, so it's time for an update.  I'm taking it down a star, just because it seems like the resort has aged.  The staff is good and consistent.  The rooms have remained the same and seem to need a face lift.  The restaurant, well...it needs a pick me up. Il Terrazo seemed to be missing something, the menu seemed rather plain and simple (but for the price, should have been more).  The pool area is the best as always.  The Mother of Pearl pool wins me over every time.  There's nothing better than swimming and looking up at Camelback.  The Phoenician still has a special place in my heart, but maybe it's to try some of the other awesome resorts that Scottsdale has to offer.
5	Lets be honest here...I was dreading going to Arizona for a wedding in August. I may be Mexican, but I do not do well in  the heat.It only took me a few hours to really fall in love with the Phoenician, despite my pessimistic attitude. The sparkling pools helped me to tolerate the heat. The rooms were gorgeous. Don't forget to check out the cactus garden. I loved looking up at Camelback mountain every day...so beautiful. Service was impeccable. ESPECIALLY George at the water slide and Steve at the bar :) !!! Be sure to make friends with those folks. There was a girl named Erin at the pool who was kinda bitchy...but everyone else was fantastic. I had an ahi tuna salad at the pool that was delicious. My boyfriend ordered a kobe beef hamburger to the room, that I believe was $19 on the menu, but after a delivery charge and a service charge came out to $30. wtf? Srsly, a delivery charge AND a service charge? Anyways, besides that, we loved the Phoenician so much that we decided to extend our trip a few extra days, despite the extra $300 it cost us to change our flight. To think...I didn't even want to go on this trip. I am now a believer.
4	We've been there quite a few times.  What do i love the most--the SHOWER!   It is with such amazing force that you can stand there and get a nice back massage!We were lucky and got upgraded to a nice casita suite--two beautiful marble bathrooms (1 with jacuzzi tub) so i didn't have to fight for the heavenly shower.  Great bath products (the hand cream gift was a nice touch from management), beautiful dining area with marble-top dining table and nice chandelier, full size kitchen, 2 balconies overlooking the beautiful koi pond and swimming pool, (1 was HUGE), 2 nice HD TV's, and a sweet bed.  Oh, and my husband was a fan of the bidet.  We really liked it when we traveled to Europe.Food was good at the pool.  The only thing is $7.50 for a smoothie? I guess that's the norm at these resorts (same cost at the Biltmore).  On the flip side, the kids meal is HUGE, 3 kids can't even finish it, so keep that in mind when you order!Staff was very well-trained and treated us well--from our maid to the pool staff.We will definitely visit the beautiful grounds again if we are in the area.P.S. One fun activity to do is to look for bunnies at night with your kids, our little one had a blast (plus it burns energy).
4	Great Starwood property. I was here for a business meeting last week, but got hit with a horrible cold. I was stuck in my room for nearly 48 hours! The Guest Services team was great, they sent up some medication for me (charged it to my room), and then the young woman who brought me my cough medicine even sent up some Green Tea and Honey since I mentioned that it would probably be a good idea to order it. (I was going to order it on my own a few minutes later, but it just showed up!). The food at the on restort italian place, Il Terrazzo, was just OK. I wasn't overly excited. I would HIGHLY recommend leaving resort and going to Mastro City Hall (1/2 mile down Camelback) for some AMAZING steakhouse food. I was amazed at how well I was taken care of while I was sick during my stay.... especially with the H1N1 fears going around, I would have expected to have been treated like a leper!
4	It's HOT in here!!!  I wanted to surprise my husband for our anniversary... wanted to play some golf during Independence Day weekend!Decided to fly to Scottsdale from SF... I knew of the Phoenician and wanted to play in this course.  Made reservations for late afternoon, since  it was scorching of about 104 degrees!  WOOHEE!Got there early, sat in their outdoor patio bar, bought a couple of ice cold beers, and chased it with fresh delish mojitos and had appetizers.  Golf prices here is at the high end but worth it if you come to Scottsdale once in awhile.  We rented clubs and the golf cart obviously came with everything, for the obvious reasons! ;)Played the 9 rounds, the course was NOT crowded at all!  There was also a miniature "roach coach" that offered alcohol and other drinks.  While golfing, they even put fresh ice and bottled water!  This was great service especially when some places are shady!When we were done, they had an AMAZING changing stations!  Their showers were VERY clean and hospitable; offered every amenity you need to freshen up!!!!I would definitely come back here to play another round!  The flight is worth it!!!!
5	I would definitely stay at this hotel again!  The room was pretty and the bathroom was spacious and had dual sinks...shower is roomy with a place to sit.  The sliding glass door led to our second floor patio with a small table and 2 lounge chairs, overlooking a white bridge with beautiful flowers.  There are multiple pools and a basketball hoop at the end of one of the pools that was fun to use with my boyfriend. The gym here is great!  The eliptical has a tv attached and earphones are provided at the desk.  I participated in 2 pilates classes; which were enjoyable and had only 1-2 people in each classs!We golfed one day and the course was very fun, pretty, and well kept.
5	Came here on a business trip for one week.The resort is absolutely gorgeous and the staff is extremely accommodating and friendly.  I would recommend this place to travelers.  I may have to go back again on my own.
5	Was at the Phoenician for a meeting and it was excellent. It is a very high quality spa/resort with amazing golf and tennis courts. The service is outstanding and the food simply fantastic. It doesn't need another review, since everyone on here seems to have loved their stay as well, but just wanted to add another 5 stars to the Phoenician. Go there to relax and indulge if you are in the southwest and are looking for a great place to stay.
5	This pertains to the golf course.  Played here last week and thoroughly enjoyed it course.  This is a beautiful golf course.  Great shape, tremendous scenery with Camelback mountain in many of the backdrops for tee shots, lots of variety.  You never feel like you are seeing the same hole.  I have played about a dozen different courses in the Scottsdale area and for me this was the nicest I have played.
5	Awesome resort.  I was able to stay there to celebrate a birthday in July, and fortunately it wasn't as hot as it usually is.  I am a wimp when it comes to heat, but the resort was wonderful, even with many things being closed.  The summer is off season for this spot.  We had a great time at the spa, and lying by the pool.  Be sure to have your food and drinks served there.  It feels so luxurious.
5	I'll say up front that it is not my usual style to stay in 5 star resorts when I vacation.  For business trips, I like 4star, and abroad I'm a fan of bed and breakfasts or even hip hostels.However, there's a very good reason to stay at a resort in a desert climate:  you want a fun pool environment.  The Phoenician was absolutely excellent in this aspect, as well as pretty much everything else.  The staff was very friendly and professional, willing to go that extra mile.We got a double upgrade to a casita.  These are the units to stay in....not only did we have a pool view, but rising just above it was Camelback mountain.  I chose to get the ground floor so we could just walk right out onto the grounds for an easy stroll to the pool complex.Food:Poolside service is great during the week, as there are much less patrons.  You'll wait longer on the weekends, but nothing to complain about.  The kobe burger was EXCELLENT.  The ice cream parlor was perfect for a low-key breakfast and other snacks.  I didn't eat dinner at the restaurants, as I wanted to check out the Scottsdale scene.Pool:Multi-level pool complex.  The upper decks are active, and even have a basketball hoop.  Mid-level has a beautiful Mediterranean tiled spa with pools and waterfalls.  Lower level is the mother of pearl star pool, meant for serenity and quietness.  I really loved this setup.Grounds:The grounds are immaculate.  Since this is the desert and there are numerous water features here, naturally you will hear a lot of animals.  Countless birds sing at the pools, and there are many bunnies hopping around.Room:Spacious and beautiful.  Had a large bathroom with a vanity and separate closet with a walk-in shower.  The soaking tub was a bit shallow for my taste.  The linens are top quality and the room is decorated in very neutral tones.  As this is a top resort, of course everything is an add-on:  no coffee maker, no mini-frig (well there is, but it's full and sensored).  You even are supposed to call room service for ice!  This isn't necessary though, because a portion of the service closets aren't locked where you can get your ice.Spa:This will be a separate Yelp review. Value:Our experience amounted to about $600 a night if we had paid the full price.  Hotwire gave me a great discount.  The casitas I say again are the place to stay in this resort.  You are steps away from your car (private parking), have a view of the mountain and pools, and you don't have to walk through lots of hallways to reach other parts of the resort.  This was a fantastic experience, much better than my stay at JW Marriott at Desert Ridge.  Phoenician is still a large property, but the service sets it apart....and the casita...oh the casita...
5	What a wonderful hotel!  With the AAA discount, reasonably priced.  The rooms are gorgeous, the service amazing (they practically cook room service in your room).  I would strongly recommend.
4	lets be honest.  if you pay for something, you should get it.  I have worked at and stayed at some of the nicest places in the world.  Worked at Ritz Carlton in Laguna, Kapalua, Four Seasons on Maui and Bevery Hills and of course the Grand Wailea.  One of the perks is they take care of you and you take care of them.  Now i just stayed here a couple of nights ago.  One dude i worked with on Maui came here to GM the place and heard of it since but never stayed.  For what i paid, it was expected.  Nothing memorable and nothing left undone.  the staff were friendly and honest.  the rooms were big and cleaned. the facilities were ok.  this place is nothing special for the price you paid.  Imagine it this way.  I stayed at the Penninsula in Tokyo for 600 bucks a night on my own dime.  SPOT ON.  they know how to do it.  but then again, shouldnt they?  you just paid 600 bucks.  I go to Holiday Inn down the street for 90 bucks a night.  you dont expect much.  get what i am saying?  this place was awesome.  for what i paid for, it was what i expected.  Nothing more, nothing less.
4	Looking for an elegant way to spend a delightful afternoon? Make reservations at Lobby Tea Court at the Phoenician. They seat from 2pm-3pm each day, in 15-min. increments, and reservations are required. Start with bottomless champagne, then choose from a selection of herbal, green, and black teas - including the rare and expensive Jasmine Pearls tea.3 courses include lovely little finger sandwiches with salmon, chicken salad, egg salad or cucumber filling, then scones with Devonshire cream, lemon curd and strawberry preserves, and finally dessert selections of chocolate-dipped strawberries, fruit tarts, shortbread, eclairs and other sweet delights! At $35-$45 pp this is a bit of a splurge, but well worth it for the exquisite atmosphere and wonderful food and service. Indulge!
4	This place is amazing!!! Most employees goes out of their way to make your stay perfect. The bellman gave us a small tour and background about the resort. He also drove us to dinner so we wouldn't have to call a cab. They have nine pools and my friend wanted to get into every single one so the security guy drove her around at two in the morning so she could do it. The only gripe I have is with the service at the pool. Our server the first day didn't come around for at least 30 minutes while we waited. The second day our server was better, constantly checking on us, but our food came out before our drinks. That could have been more of a problem with the bartender than her though.
4	I actually didn't get to enjoy the grounds much since I was busy during the daytime, but the little I saw was impressive.I went to the spa to see if they could book me into a last-minute appointment.  Nothing available 'til later, but they did invite me into the sanctuary while I sipped their flavored water, ate an orange, and relaxed.  Their spa water tastes way better than the hotel tapwater.  The little spa store had some nice meditation music.The little restaurant area to the right of the lobby as you walk in was a good place to relax and chat after a long day.  The food was good.  The waitress needed a bit of training on teas, though.  I had asked her if she had any herbal teas (as it was getting late and I didn't want any caffeine.)  She said she didn't, but she had green tea.  I asked if it was decaffeinated, and she replied yes after some miniscule hestiation.  I should have known.  3/4 of the way through our snack, my eyes went wide as I realized I had more energy than when I walked in.  I reached for the tea bag and flipped it back and forth looking for the word "decaffeinated" on it and found none.  My fault too for not checking since I was given the tea packet.  I think the waitress did not know that green tea naturally has caffeine and has to be chemically processed to remove that caffeine.  I just ended up with a 2-hour bath to kill time 'til the next bleary-eyed morning.Check-in was smooth.  My little casita was so far, I had to take a golf cart ride at night 'cause I didn't want to accidentally fall into one of the pools on my walk down while extremely tired.  Check-out took a bit more work as they had not credited my account with the appropriate discounts and I had to call the bellhop twice to come pick me up in his vehicle.  (After the second call, someone came for me in 1.5 minutes.)All the staff were very nice and professional.
3	I had my wedding here in April.  There is plenty of staff here that try to make your stay as comfortable as possible, but maybe it's because the staff is so large that some of them feel like they can get by on treating you poorly because they work for such a big hotel and they'll just fall into the mix.Grounds:  The hotel is beautiful.  It's the most beautiful hotel/resort I have ever been to.  Everything was in bloom in April and our wedding pictures are exploding with Arizona spring colors.  It was gorgeous.  Some of the staff was awesome as well- Megan at Oasis is an angel, and the guy who made sure everything went smoothly at the reception was amazing (so sorry I can't remember his name).  The food at the reception was wonderful and surpassed my expectations.  Everything was prepared beautifully and exceptionally well.Golf:  My husband arranged a golf day for himself and 5 others in his group.  I was not there, but from what my husband told me, the golf guys did not prepare the guests' golf cart, the guests loaded it themselves.  Also, the guests were only given one small bottle of water each.  Hello- this is Arizona, it's a desert.  When the guests asked for ice (the ice machine nearest to the golf area was being cleaned), the golf guys told them to go get it at the cafe.  That's not 5 star service, and the Phoenician is supposed to be a 5 diamond resort.  This was very disappointing.  There are so many golf resorts in Arizona, this is the last time my husband and his guests will golf here.The Valet:There is a lack of organization and communication with the valet staff. There is no system here- you get someone when you get someone.Oasis Cabana Grill:  Megan who works as a server here is so gracious and friendly.   She was amazing.  My husband's family hung out here the whole week they were here.  Great pool area for kids, quiet pool for adults.  Oasis Grill and Phoenician Management:I have, however, a HUGE complaint about the Oasis/Phoenician management.  My husband and I were married on a Saturday.  We were NOT at the pool at any point during this day.  For some reason, our room was charged for over $500 from the Oasis Grill.   At no point did anyone from the Grill call my room to get authorization to charge my credit card this amount- they just did it without my knowledge or consent.Weeks after the wedding when I went through our credit card bills, I noticed this large, strange amount.  I called the Phoenician and they told me it was for a cabana and miscellaneous food and drinks for the day my husband and I were married.  "That's strange", I thought- we weren't even at the Oasis Grill that day.  I asked for receipts and the guy I talked to was very responsive and sent them to me immediately.  The receipt he sent, however, did NOT include a signature page.  I know I didn't sign anything and neither did my husband.  I called back to ask if they had this signature page.  After 2 days, I received an email from the assistant manager of the resort who asked me to call her back.  She stated that there was an error, I shouldn't have been charged.  She also asked if I know who Mr. X was.  I told her I did, and she responded that the charge should have went to him, she doesn't know why it didn't.  She then told me TO CALL Mr. X and ask him to pay his bill.   Nowhere in this conversation did she apologize for the UNAUTHORIZED use of my credit card for over $500, instead, she wanted ME to fix the Phoenician's mistake- and she didn't ASK me to do it, she basically told me to do it.   Is common courtesy a thing of the past?  Is it completely outdated to be communicative in a professional manner?  I responded by telling her calmly that I don't feel like it is my responsibility to call Mr. X on the Phoenician's behalf.  This woman said okay and got off the phone, not a word of apology, not a "have a nice day", nothing.  I should also comment that I had not in the two conversations I had with her raised my voice or acted unprofessionally (it was a business transaction, after all).  I've learned a long time ago that you don't get what you want by acting like a brat.  And I wasn't a brat, so I don't think I deserved the kind of treatment she gave me, especially when I spent so much money at the Phoenician for my wedding, had my guests book rooms there for several days, and especially when it was their error.  The Short Story:I'm very disappointed and since the Phoenician probably doesn't really care if I'm happy with them or not, the best I could do is review the resort with the added warning:  watch your credit card statements after you stay here because your credit card on file at the hotel IS NOT SAFE.  I repeat at the risk of sounding obnoxious, but $500 is a lot of money:  YOUR CREDIT CARD IS NOT SAFE HERE.  I wish I had LOVED the Phoenician, but ultimately, the resort is only as good as its staff and management.
5	little known secret- the golf course bar!!!!  amazing margaritas and a super-cheap happy hour.  didn't mind watching the cute guys checking in after a long day of golfing, either!  my bff and i were so happy to have stopped here after our day at the spa.
5	This place is huge and clean.  The golf course is really nice and fairly priced.  Chicago golf has nothing on Scottsdale.  The pro shop has a decent selection and quality gear.  Will definitely go back.  Rooms are little pricey but you get what you pay for.
5	This place is definitely one of my favorites in Scottsdale and its not because the staff is the best or the rooms are the nicest, its the amenities and other little things that put it over the top. My wife and I spent our second wedding anniversary on a little long weekend getaway here with our almost child --- our dog Taylor. As for places that are dog friendly, this place was probably the most ideal. Upon check-in we were given a ground floor room in the casitas right up against their lagoon area. Top it off with drive up parking in front of the casitas and it was close to perfect. You can open the sliding door to the patio and walk out to a grassed area for the dog. My only pet peeve was not having an ice machine with the arizona heat... which meant that you had to call room service to have a bucket delivered to you. The golf course I have frequented before and enjoy along with the ample pool spots to check out. They have a cool little wine shop near the lobby where you can pick up a bottle of wine and cheese for the room at normal retail prices. We even tried out the happy hour at the restaurant overlooking the golf course and had a great bite to eat one mid afternoon. This place has it all including some great hiking trails and a convenient location to all of the great Scottsdale spots.To top it off, the prices are great during the off season in the summer.  Paid only 140/night.
5	I have been traveling every week for work for almost ten years, so I've seen my fair share of hotels (lots of Marriott, Starwood, Hyatt, and Hilton brand properties- including high end lines Ritz Carlton, Park Hyatt, St. Regis, W, etc).The Phoenician is one of my top three favorite hotels.The Phoenician grounds are just absolutely beautiful.  They definitely take care of their landscape and their lobby is stunning.  Wide open, super high ceilings, elegant bar, and the grand piano is a nice added touch.The service and amenities are incredible.  Our room was huge with a jacuzzi in the bathroom.  Cream-colored marble and golden colored faucets made the bathroom look like Marie Antoinette's place.  They also brought us additional bath salts upon request.The cactus garden is so unique with the who-knows-how-many (maybe a few hundred) species of cactuses.  I'm not a golfer but the golf course looked pretty sweet.We also had the breakfast buffet in the morning.  It was very reasonably priced and located in their main restaurant.  The dining area was spacious and with gigantic (almost floor to ceiling) windows looking out to the back lawn and the mountains- the view was quite nice.The only issue that the property is so big that depending on where your room is, it could take you a good five minutes to get there from the lobby!
5	All I have to say is afternoon High tea Baby! OK-So who can really afford to go to the Phoenician, I mean even on a "staycation"-the place is hella spendy! BUT-if you are looking for an elegant time at a decent rate, try their afternoon high tea. It is honestly the best I have had, with the exception of Tea in London at the Dorchester! And much less expensive than the Dorchester, which ranks the Phoenician High on my list! What an experience, first off, you can chose from a regular tea or tea with unlimited Champagne! Both happen to be very reasonably priced. The area they serve the tea in is incredibly elegant and outright gorgeous, big fluffy velvet couches, some high backed upholstered chairs, silver place setting and English bone china.  They also have a pianist playing calming music that is just loud enough to remind you that he's there. The food and fair is plentiful, the tea is divine and the champagne flowed! Best of all the staff is comforting and they allow you to take your time and enjoy the ritual of the experience. I highly recommend this place! A+!
5	Honestly, if I were to have paid for this room I might have only given it 4 stars.  But, I happen to have a friend who travels to resorts around the country for work, and when he told me he would be staying at the Phoenician and invited me to be his guest for the weekend, I was pretty much all about it.  He worked about 12 hours a day while I lounged around the pool, took bubble baths in the huge hotel bathroom, and drank wine in bed while waiting for him to get off so I could show him around Scottsdale.  It was like "Pretty Woman" except instead of sexual favors, I paid for my stay with extensive local knowledge and amusing witty banter.We were in the main building, where the rooms are very decently sized, and the bathrooms are pretty damn huge.  The grounds are gorgeous, and the close-but-not-too-close to Old Town Scottsdale location makes it ideal for having a night out without worrying about a $40 cab ride to get back to your secluded resort hotel. There were a couple things I would change about the room. For one thing, I wasn't a huge fan of the beds. For what I imagine would normally be a $250+/night stay, I've had better.  It was a nice bed, for sure, but not as opulently luxurious as an Arizona Biltmore or Royal Palms, in my opinion. Also, the bathroom had a lighted magnifying cosmetic mirror, which is awesome, but it protruded from the wall at exactly 5'5" from the ground, and wasn't adjustable. So, it would be perfect for A. 5'5" women and B. Pete Wentz. But if you're 5'2" like me, it was pretty useless.The pool was actually really relaxing. No DJ and drunk partiers were at a minimum as well. I also appreciate that they bring out pitchers of water to everyone without the stupid "bottle or tap" question (which obviously comes with the obligatory eye roll when you're fine with not paying $12 for something that comes out of a toilet for free) . The service was a little spotty.  We called it "leisurely" but some might call it slow. Plus, somehow my card got charged twice, once for my real amount and once for a completely different amount, which probably means the server accidentally ran my card for somebody else's tab, so hopefully that falls off my bank account before posting. At $7/beer, I can't really afford to pay for anyone's drinks but my own.All in all, I would give it 4.5 stars, but I had a great weekend with great company and the fact that I didn't have to go the Vivian Ward route to get it (though I still got the bubble bath) made it even better, so I'm rounding up to 5.
5	High Tea...this is one of the best in the valley!The beautiful environment, piano playing, and exquisite service is topped by no other place.The chairs are so comfortable and the china so fine.We started with high quality Darjeling tea followed by an array of tea sandwiches including egg salad, cucumber cream cheese, smoked salmon and a few others.  You can eat as many as you want!The next course was two scones a plain and a cranberry served with delightful lemon curd, fresh strawberry jam  and my favorite clotted cream that was whipped!The last course is the desserts.  Mini chocolate cake, raspberry cake,  lemon dessert,  chocolate covered strawberries and shortbread!  It's a nice place for a birthday they sing and make a big deal with extra dessert...We left full and pleased!
5	OK...I've found heaven...the first four channels are ESPN.  Oh, baby!!!Beautiful weather.  Relish's at the Pro Shop was a great lunch stop.  Camelback Mountain is right outside the window.  Very friendly staff.
4	This was our second visit to the grand lady on the mountain side. We were here two years ago, and for the most part we had the same great experience.   The location is great and the spa is nice, pool better. It was packed now in November so you better get to the pool early because there are more guests than seats.    We have never tried the food, as Scottsdale has so many great places. That and the complaints about the high prices, encourage us to go off property. The check in was great, we were disappointed to find that Starwood Gold status gets you a lot less here than other Starwood properties. Gym fee etc, apply.    Two other disappointments from this trip as to the last.  The staffing for the bar and veranda are so lean, that we had to order more than one drink at a time or give them a credit card when the drink arrived. The staffing was so light, you really had to sit AT the bar to be served. Not so for the pool during the day though, staff was plentiful.    Finally, they have a nice gym and classes and spa but the escalation in prices for some services was excessive. We used a trainer two years ago. It was premium to home about $20 more than home $60/$80. This trip the trainer for an hour was $55 more than home prices $65/$120. So we passed.    We will be back, but might have that extra work out before we leave home. Though I love sunset on the veranda, we may now do happy our off site too.
3	Beautiful hotel and grounds.  Rooms could use updating  though, and for some reason there are no coffee makers in the rooms or bath robes.  Lots of activities, but the rooms fall short
5	In preparation for Afternoon Tea, my roommate and I spent the week talking with British accents (I always got in trouble for making mine to "poor" and Cockney) and drinking with our pinky fingers sticking out.   But even all that practice did not prepare us for how wonderful tea at the Phoenician would be!As soon as we were seated we were offered a glass of champagne (which is unlimited, so drink up and get your money's worth!) to drink while we looked over the tea menu, there were about 15 or so to choose from.  Upon receiving our tea, my roommate and I simply poured our tea straight into our cups. You see, we're too low class to know how these fancy pants tea pots work, and we got cups full of tea leaves.  After noticing we had no idea what we were doing, a sever came over us and delicately said, "Ohhh, I see you two forgot to use your strainers." Yes. FORGOT. That's what happened! Thank you, kind server, for placing no blame on us...Tea was followed by finger sandwiches (they made all vegetarian ones for us!) with the crusts cut off, followed by 2 scones with an assortment of toppings, followed by a pastry dish of 8 different bite-sized desserts! Yum!! Afternoon Tea is $55/person, with an additional 20% service charge.  Its slow paced and took us 2 hours to get through everything!  Its a good place for girlfriends to go together or to take a special lady to.
4	Very relaxing resort.
5	The Phoenician Resort is one of our PREMIER facilities in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area. The flower budget yields a beautiful year round display of color. Stop in for the Salmon Burger at the 19th Hole Clubhouse, after a beautiful round of golf. Breakfast overlooking the swimming pools makes for a GREAT way to start any day. The staff is professional, attentive & helpful. You pay for what you get, in this case...a FIRST CLASS experience of the best Arizona can offer.
5	I brought my mom to the Phoenician's Spa for her brithday in March and we couldn't have enjoyed it more.  We hung around the pool all afternoon, then enjoyed treatments.  I did the reflexology, which was very relaxing.  My mom enjoyed her massage also.  The entire experience was very nice, but as we didn't ACUTALLY stay there, I have nothing to say about the rooms.  If they were taken care of as well as the grounds, this would be a wonderful place to stay.
3	We've been coming here annually for the last few years, and have enjoyed it over several comparable hotels in the area.  The kids love the pools and mini waterslide, tennis courts, and the rooms are very comfortable (the beds are some of the best I've slept in).  The past few visits, I've noticed that the hotel has cut back on staffing so that it is REALLY lean--some afternoons, there was no poolside service at all, and the water slide was just closed, for no reason.  Also, the kitchen staff seems to have suffered a bit--twice, they got my husband's order wrong and once, we waited over an hour for the food to arrive (and it was still wrong).  These may seem like small inconveniences but they're aggravating at a premium resort like this should be.
5	I had to make a quick trip in to town when my dad had a health issue.  Everything about The Phoenician was awesome.  The front desk was attentive and quick getting me checked in.  The valet service was prompt. My room was super clean - kudos to housekeeping.  The grounds were meticulous.  It was too cold to sun bathe but the pool lounge chairs were toweled and ready to go and we used them to sit in the sun and read.  The golf course was manicured to the 9's and looked inviting but I had no time to play.
3	Some friends and I recently spotted a deal on Expedia and decided to book a Scottsdale getaway at the Phoenician.The grounds of the Phoenician are meticulously kept, and the staff is extremely warm and friendly.  The hotel layout is quite strange though, with many different wings to it and very odd placement of exits to the grounds, none of which are labeled.While the decor is somewhat dated, overall the interior of the hotel is very well maintained and clean.  There are several shops and restaurants on the property, all operating on the premise that you never have to leave (and therefore spend all your money here)!  Make no mistake,  this place will wipe you out if you let it.  A game of tennis cost us $50, not to mention the $20 pair of socks (I KNEW I forgot to pack something!).  A round of golf w/ rentals ran us $150 a person;  However, the desert course was beautiful and they do a fabulous job maintaining it, which ain't cheap.On to restaurants.  Most of the spots had pretty good food.  All were incredibly overpriced.  The one exception was the poolside restaurant - In addition to being overpriced, the food there was disgusting!With Old Town only 5 min away, I would suggest taking a car into town for dinner and checking out some of the fabulous restaurants there.  A towncar/cab ride should be $10-13 each way, so beware of un-metered cabs that will try to rip you off.  $15 max!!All in all, the Phoenician is a very well-run resort with some great amenities and impressive golf courses.  However, if you are like me and your enjoyment is hampered by paranoia of being constantly ripped off, then you may not find it so relaxing.
4	Great Service - really incredible from check in to check out.  Terrific Valet, Bell group & front desk, everyone is ready to help. Housekeeping and the grounds folks are all on their gameDated but well kept, the rooms are well appointed and they had a great coffee maker in room - remember to ask for one at check in.Ask for business package at check in - absolutely incredible work out room - and its included in the package, along with Internet and i think there is a breakfast package as well - just make sure to ask.The view is incredible and the grounds are well kept - with something interesting around every corner.  I was in the casitas out back - if they ask if you want a ride - on the golf cart - take it!  Otherwise you have to schlep your bags through the pool area, down stairs and over a small bridge.Then walk around, see everything and enjoy the restaurant.  The restaurant outside has a west facing venue so bring sunglasses and make sure you sit near a fan - incredible how fast the ice melts in your glass when that sun hits it.Its a pricey, well run resort hotel.  It's near enough to everything and has a great golf course.  I don't think it is the type of place you go for one night, you come here to relax, unwind and/or retreat for business or an association.  There is too much going on for a traditional business overnight stay especially at this price.  It was a great night sleep, a great refreshing stay and a place to get away from it all.
4	You know that gratification you get when everyone is jealous you are going someplace exclusive?  I live for that stuff.  When I was telling some colleagues that I was going to spend some quality time at the Phoenician, I got the green-eyed monster staring back at me.  Not to sound like a total snob but this is not the first time I've been to a hoity-toity resort.  The service here is five star - everyone is helpful, friendly, and professional.  The wine and cheese plate that was sent at turn down service was delicious - they had humbolt fog (my favorite goat cheese ever!)The landscaping is impeccable.  Each leaf is better groomed than I am.  Speaking of grooming - I love the Remede products in the bathrooms and lip balm with SPF.  They think of everything.  After I arrived in my ridiculously spacious room, I hightailed it to the pool - more specifically that over 18 pool that is a sanctuary from the playful kids splashing and rough-housing all around.  Unfortunately, my fantasy had to come to an end.  The moment I left the grounds, I started plotting my next visit.
5	All I have experienced here is the pool.  The pool and staff is awesome.  I love this place, it is very relaxing.   The view of camelback mountain is awesome from the bottom pool, additionally, the water slide is a lot of fun.  I wish I could live at this place.  Food is a bit pricey but that is to be expected.  Grounds are beautiful.  If you are looking for  a great place to stay and enjoy in Scottsdale, this is it.
5	What a perfect stay. I honestly have not one thing to complain about.  We arrived for our sunny annual girls' weekend on an unseasonably cold and rainy weekend in April.  However. Despite our much needed sunshine pool time being completely foiled by mother nature, the staff & facilities at the Phoenician ensured that we had a beautiful weekend, luxurious and pampered by both the facilities and every person we came across all weekend long,Our room was top notch, great beds, generous sundries, good shower, roomy size wise with a lovely little balcony overlooking the rainy pool area. Despite the weather we did manage to use the hot tub a couple times...gorgeous huge hot tub big enough for lots of people to enjoy without feeling like anyone is invading your space.  We also hit the poolside bar during a brief window of sunshine attended to by a brilliantly convivial bartender. Great drinks, good service, Loved him.Room service was yummy and decently priced.  PPV movies kept us occupied during a rainy nappy hung over Saturday morning and a giant sized whirlpool bathtub refreshed us for another night on the town. Not to ge without mention is the wine store in the lobby shops. Wine and cheese tastings all day facilitated by a couple lovely young guys who didn't seem to give a hoot if you spent money or not (although we did).I would happily both stay again at the Phoenician or reeccomend ot to a friend.  My sole complaint is that we didn't get to take advantage of the tennis courts and driving range as initially planned. Thank you Phoenician.
5	I love the Phoenician. The grounds are wonderfully maintained and beautiful, the staff is impeccable and the amenities are great. This review is for high tea, though, specifically. I enjoyed high tea yesterday with a girlfriend and it was wonderful. It's so fun to put on your sun hat, your tea gloves and enjoy feeling pampered and posh. They do a great job and their tea menu is very good with many different offerings, the settings are lovely and the food is very good. We both had the Grand Royale Tea which included unlimited sparkling wine and tea plus the three course tea menu.Their finger sandwiches are very good, though, I wanted a little more salmon on my smoked salmon offering. I enjoyed the ham and asparagus one and the chicken salad was lovely. The scones were amazing and their homemade lemon curd went wonderfully on the cranberry one. For the pastry course, the paris brest was alright, I've had better, but the creme puffs were excellent. I could have had one of each of the amazing selection but I tried very hard not to give in to too much temptation.It is pricey and gratuity, at 22%, is added in, but what a lovely way to splurge! Dress your best, bring your girlfriends and enjoy afternoon tea.
1	I purchased the Work In Work Out package where you pay in advance to use the gym with internet included. Was thinking to be able to work hard at the hotel then be able to work out and enjoy some of the resort on my off hours.  Lets just say I wish I went to the many other resorts in Scottsdale. First thing, there was no wi-fi in my room.  While they claimed it's available anywhere in the resort, my room had no signal and when calling every single day of the seven days that I stayed, they gave me the same lame excuse that they're putting it on the priority list. But nothing happened.  They have a two foot wire that you could plug into your laptop at the desk- but I could stay anywhere if I wanted to be cramped in the corner to surf online. Plus in the modern day of ipads and iphones there's no ethernet plugin.  So you're SOL.  Secondly, the gym closes at 7:30pm (6pm weekends).  So you work hard all day and can't wait to go for a run or have a steam in the sauna only to find you've got :30min to pack it in.  I'm sure there's lots of other things that are good about this place but the poor customer service in dealing with the main reason I came here stained the experience.  Never again. Lets just say if you're coming to Scottsdale for business and you rely on certain things that you can get from a three star hotel but you expect to happen in a 5 star, take your money somewhere else. You'd probably get a better deal.  I'd recommend Sanctuary as I've stayed there before and they're amazin
3	Overall a very professional well appointed hotel/resort. More family friendly than some of the other resorts of this caliber. Great service throughout.Hotel restaurants and room service are a bit pricey but there are plenty of options off-premise in town, drive and save a bit on breakfast or lunch and splurge for dinner in the hotel?I wish they offered free wi-fi, you do have to pay for it daily if you want it.
4	Stayed here for a friends wedding and it was excellent.  The rooms are expensive, but they have been redone.  This hotel was built in the 80's and the grounds are above par.  They have a 3 level pool with a bar in the middle.  Works for me!  The golf course is  really nice.The staff is excellent and the rooms were really nice.  Make sure to use your Starwood Guest Number. If you like cactus, stay here.
5	There are not enough stars in the sky to rate this hotel. I went there part of a work convention and had no idea the luxury I was entering. Rooms:The rooms are huge and beautifully decorated along with cleaned to perfection. The beds made for a perfect nights sleep too. The bathroom, oh my god, amazing. I couldnt decided, do I want to spend an hour in the beautiful bath or enjoy the glass cased shower. Not to mention the marble added that perfect touch.Grounds: I walked around every day just taking in how beautifully maintained it was, and enjoyed every sunset from a different point of view each day. Cute little cactus walk made for a learning experience as well. Who knew there were so many types of cactus, the occasional lizard would pop up and say good morning as well. The pools were beautiful and I spent many nights swimming late and star gazing. Spa:AMAZINGcute shopsCannot wait to get back there this August!
3	Did the Phoenician due to a spa/massage/champagne/cabana Groupon deal that was really too good to pass up. Decided to spoil a special mom for Mother's Day/Birthday...and take advantage of the cabana usage at the pool.The first issue that I have is the front security guard guy told us where we could self-park...but it was actually far from the parking to the main entrance of the hotel. So he could have suggested that we valet it to get near the lobby entrance. Lucky for us that a guy driving a golf cart took us up to the lobby.Second issue was when we checked in, I must have been one of the first customers to use the Groupon. So when you purchase this as a gift for someone, you need to tell them the name in which YOU purchased it under. They could not find me for 30 minutes, and told me that the cabana's were all taken. I started to stress because here I am thinking that this is going to ruin her present...So the front desk lady was nice and disappeared for the 30 minutes to try and track down my reservation. Tick...tick....ticktick#$%$#$#$#$$$.....Random guy comes out who is a manager? Not sure but I kindly (and yes I was NICE), I kindly ask him if he can check to see what is going on since our front desk lady is MIA. He looks at me and says that she is working on it and I ask him if he can at least go back and check on it. I never see him again. Tick..tick...#$%%#$#@$#$#$%#$%....what the F is taking so long...grrrr.....Ok...deep breath....OH there she is...."So sorry ma'am, we couldn't find you in the system". Did you try the name that I booked it under? "No, but let me check"....."oh here you are"...."thank goodness"...YES, thank goodness!!Fast forward to finally figuring out which pool and cabana were ours. The cabana gal was nice, and she took care of us. The cabana was nice, the pool was nice, and the rest of the trip was nice. I was informed that the spa/massage/champagne was excellent...and the rest is history.Side Note: The lady working the slide kept asking us what our names were...everytime we went down the slide (and yes I am a grown-up), but why ONLY us and WHY for the love of god, did she ask EVERY time? I don't know.3 stars due to first impressions and random weird slide lady, but overall I might consider going back now that I know what to tell them if I ever do book something under my own name again.
5	This place is a true oasis in the desert! First, the brunch here is the greatest and I can never get enough...the food is decadent and delicious. There are so many choices its unbelievable! They have the greatest desserts and I love their mimosas...it is pricey but it is so worth it.Second, the pools...ahhhhhhhhh...I love their pool areas...there are multiple pools and they are at different levels of the property.  They are gorgeous and if you want to eat or drink by the pool you can do that too.  There are cabanas available to reserve and they are kind of cool because you get a nice covered area that you get all to yourself.  Third, the rooms are great!  My favorite rooms are the Canyon rooms I believe they are called.  It is in a different part of the resort, the rooms are huge and you awesome views.  They have the standard rooms in the main part of the hotel are very very nice too!  They are spacious and have awesome beds and have those extra luxurious touches that most resorts do not have...there are also casitas that are a litle larger then the standard rooms that have more garden views.  They are awesome too!  You cannot go wrong with the rooms here!  Fourth, I love the tea time they have here!  I have gone to tea here for my greandmas birthday and then another time with my mom and sister for a fun girls day.  It is elegant and modern with all the nice traditional fixes...Fifth, the restaurants are fantastic!  There are several to choose from and there is something for everyone!  Sixth, if you like to golf then this place is for you too!  They have beautful courses...my dad used to golf on these courses every weekend and this is where I learned to drive a golf cart and really saw the courses.   They are beautiful!  Seventh, the location is perfect.  You are right on Camelback mountain and the views are great!  You are located right in Scottsdale near all restaurants and nightlife.  The area is very safe and secure and you do not have worry about the surrounding areas.  This place is a five star resort and it is truly luxurious and beautiful!  You do not feel like you are in the middle of the desert when you are here.  Try this place out...it is pricey but during the summer they do have discounted room rates.  This is why this is one of my favorite places to go in AZ!
3	I have a few things to say about the Phoenician. Some good, some bad. Let's start with the good.Rooms:Spacious and well decorated. The most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept in. 42" HD TV. Beautiful view of the resort grounds.The Resort Grounds:Meticulously taken care of. Grass is green. Pools and ponds are very well maintained. They have bocci ball and you can feed the Koi. (One caveat: wear a bathing suit when you feed the Koi. They are aggressive and will splash you in their excitement to get fed.)The Staff:Very attentive, polite, and polished. And now for the bad.NO FREE WIFI. Seriously, name one hotel (or resort) that does not offer free wifi. Granted, you can go downstairs to their "internet cafe" and as long as you are in the boundaries of that room, you can use their wireless internet (I do believe they shape the network. Certain applications run slowly.) You can pay for wifi: $12.95 for 24 hours (1 mb up/1 mb down). What a ripoff. Wireless internet should be standard.No in-room coffee maker. Again, name a hotel (or resort for that matter) that does not have a coffee maker in the room. Le sigh.No free breakfast. Not even a continental breakfast. You know, semi-ripe fruit, day old danishes, orange juice. Nope, not at the Phoenician. They do brew complimentary Starbucks coffee but you have to pay $25 for the breakfast buffet. Overall, nice resort but the lack of free wifi will certainly make me think twice about staying here.
5	Absolutely loved it! We booked a stay-cation here with a group of friends and had a fabulous time. The staff was exceedingly polite and hospitable from the moment we stepped foot on the grounds. Good customer service goes a long way with me and I could not have asked for more. The property is gorgeous and the accommodations are everything you could hope for. All we wanted to do is hang out poolside with the kids and they had great time. Between the pool, the hot tub, and the water slide (which my almost three year old twins LOVED) everyone had fun. We've been to other resorts in Phoenix and this was by far the best. I can't wait to go back!
4	beautiful resort that you can take out of town visitors to for fine dining, drinks and spectacular sunsets!
4	I just stayed here over the past weekend and had a great experience.  My husband and I were celebrating out 1 year anniversary and had received a night stay as a gift from a friend.  She had told us what type of room we should be expecting and gave us a confimation #.Upon arriving, I valeted my car because I had so many things to carry but didn't know about the $29 over night charge :(.  This was my only bad experience.  I went to check in and was told that we were receiving a complimentary upgrade, maybe because it was our anniversary?!  Awesome.  Our room was beautiful.  It had a great view of the pools, courtyard and Tempe/Phoenix.  We went to dinner at J&G Steakhouse.  The service was good, not great, but good.  I liked the dim atmosphere and the gorgeous view.  Our food was good, too.  Again, not great, but good.  I should have ordered the Filet.  They had a very large selection of wine, liquor and beer.  I had asked, when making the reservation, if I could bring our wedding cake to have as desert and was told that they don't normally do it but would for a cake cutting charge- no thanks.  Our server did ask us if we wanted desert and said we should since we were celebrating our anniversary- they remembered!  Dinner was good, overall.We had a great room, good dinner and would go back again....and get the Filet.
4	The golf course is beautiful and near the base of Camelback Mountain.  Some of the fareways are pretty narrow.  If you don't hit your drive straight you will likely launch your ball on top of a house or outside the course property.  #8 on the Desert course is a fun little chip.  You climb up the side of the mountain and then chip about 100 yrds downhill.
5	This hotel sets the standard of customer service. You won't know what a good customer service is until you stay here. No detail is spared. I arrived in my king-bed room and found men's magazines - not a single Chateline nor Vogue magazine on the table. They knew it's a guy arriving.The hotels sits at the foot the Camelback Mountain giving you glorious view of nature and sunset. The room? Spectacular. The tub, TV and closets are huge. The sheets are crisp. There are four chairs in total - two by the big office desk/table and two at the bed side table. In the veranda, has a reclining chair and a small table if you want to eat outside. Don't be cheap and eat in their restaurants. The risotto is lovely. I asked for a sugar-free dessert and because they had none, the manager came to my table, talked to me and apologized and promised that  a sugar-free dessert will be would be waiting for me tomorrow - a special order. Cool right? The bathroom is neatly decorated with ceramic vases and super nice toiletries similar to spa. I came to my room after dinner and found it tidied up. The stereo was turned on by the cleaner - playing a soft jazz music soothing just after a hard day at the spa. The spa is beautiful with a meditation room, a separate jacuzzi for men and women, double door showers and a HUGE steam room. There's flavoured water throughout the resort - lemon, cranberry and cucumber. This is a luxury hotel that knows what luxury means.
5	Wow! Can you say pampered? Beautifully decorated inside to out. Nine pools that are 24 hours, which makes it a 5 star easily. The only thing that counters the 5 star review that makes me go back between 4 and 5 stars... is... NO WIFI? Apparently some rooms have it, and some don't. But for such a high class place with so many business guests, no wifi? It does seem a little ridiculous. But all the goods outweigh the bad (it's hard to find a 24 hour pool anywhere, let alone 9 24 hour pools). The staff here go out of their way to be helpful. Very accommodating, very friendly, very available. Can't really ask for more... and I speak of the concierges and what I believe are managers that wander around helping guests. I would like to see more knowledgeable bartenders. I guess in such a nice hotel I'd expect a little older/experience bartenders as well as maybe valets. They were all really nice but it didn't really suit the rest of the hotel. But the patio that overlooks the pools is unreal, so nice to have a drink as the sun sets. The cactus garden is really cool. Definitely worth taking a stroll through. Convenient parking.  We went to the Il Terrazo (sp?) and the staff was really friendly. The food was really good but pricy. The rooms are very nice, turndown service is a nice touch. The hotel is stocked with all the things you'd need for a stay - shampoo, conditioner (not the combined all in 1 that I loathe), q-tips, bath wash, body wash, shower caps, face pads, slippers, bath robe, soaps, mini bar (they even have a wine opener!). If you are coming from outside of AZ, bring your own water. The tap water isn't the best. The have a bath tub and a nice walk in shower as well so you can bath how you like. The order in movies are a little pricey, they have flat screens but no DVD players. Room service is over priced, with a 22% gratuity automatically added and a $5 or something charge. The good thing is it's in Scottsdale, near a lot of awesome places to see in Arizona!
5	This review is for the high tea at the Phoenician only. High tea here is awesome to say the least. It's not a cheap lunch, but included in the price is a sense of being elevated to a higher social standing with impeccable service and elegant settings (all wedgewood tea sets and utensils). You might think you couldn't get full on those teeny tea sandwiches and pastries...but it's unlimited! The servers will keep coming around until you tell them to stop!. First you choose your tea...the tea pots are really large unfortunately, so when everyone gets their own tea pot, it crowds the table quite a bit. You feel obligated to drink quite a lot of tea as well. Then you get one of their delicious scones with a choice of butter, jams and lemon curd, and what I think is clotted cream (?) in front of you. The scones are also quite large. After that you're presented with a tray of rows sandwiches, although there are only 5 types. You can choose however many you want, in whatever combination. I chose one of each on the first round, then just the ones I liked most on the 2nd and 3rd rounds. You'll probably be getting somewhat full at this point, especially with all the tea you're drinking, but save room for dessert! The dessert tray is again, rows of miniature pastries and cakes, but 5 types. It's the same process as with the sandwiches. The kicker is, for something like $20 extra (can't remember the exact price), you can have the unlimited champagne option! Not really something I pictured high born ladies in Britain doing, guzzling down glasses of champagne during lunch, but it's still brilliant. If you plan to do this, make sure someone is willing to be a designated driver if you're not staying at the hotel. The champagne isn't that bad either, not too sweet, little bit on the drier side if I remember correctly...I never did see what the label was. Anyways, it's an experience, and quite fun. Ilike to bring visiting girlfriends to it. Saw a father and young daughter there enjoying the tea and sandwiches together (minus the champagne), which was quite cute...with the little girl wearing her Sunday best. It's worth the added expense to feel like you're dipping into a bit of luxury.
5	If there is ever a time where a perfect review is due, this would be it.  There is absolutely nothing bad that can be said about this place because they are the bar in my opinion....epitome of a top notched world class hotel! They're doing something right with their staff because I have yet had anything less than a superb experience with any of their staff during a 3 night stay.  There is absolutely no details that are overlooked whatsoever! I had a flawless experience from the service, to accommodation, to even the food!!! It is overall an awesome property.
3	This review is for the golf course only.I decided to try a round at the Phoenician since I'm a big fan of Troon managed golf courses. I played the Desert first then the Oasis. The Desert- 4 1/2 stars and the Oasis 3 stars. I have hiked camelback's cholla trail several times and have seen the desert course while hiking along the trail but have to say that the view is much more breath taking from the bottom up view. The course pretty much ran parallel along the cliff face and had a few unbelievable par threes which required you to climb up the mountain to get to the tee box. I was very disappointed to go from that nice of a 9 to the Oasis. The Oasis was definitely in optimal shape but the layout left a lot to be desired. The man made water hazards were (lack of a better word) tacky. Even the bunkers just didn't make sense. It was almost like the architect of the course just threw X number of hazards in any order along each hole with no rhyme or reason. Bottom line: I'd give this a four because I thought the desert 9 was so phenomenal but given the price of $150+ just for a round (and not getting the benefits of actually staying at the resort) there are a lot of better ways to burn $150 bucks with golf in the valley.
2	Wow, this place is made for huge groups, not intimate at all!   Sure it was clean and well run
5	The property is fabulous!  This is my third stay, and I can't say enough good things about the entirely friendly and professional staff, the grounds were impeccably maintained, the linens in the casitas were divine, and the spa spectacular.  If you want the best deep-tissue massage ever, ask for Mr. Stacy at the Centre for Well-Being.  He is an amazing massage therapist, you won't be disappointed.  I can't wait to go back.
4	This is very reminiscent of The Four Seasons in terms of elegance, great service, type of clientele it attracts. You can't go wrong with Phoenician. Very central location, nice swimming pools (and heated!) and very nice staff. I am a Platinum Starwood member and they acknowledged that and gave me free wifi while i was there.
5	This review is for the afternoon tea only.I came here in September and really, really enjoyed the visit.  The tea, finger sandwiches, scones, and tea pastries were all fresh and delicious and I liked the variety that was offered.  What's really cool is that they offer seconds for the tea sandwiches and the tea pastries.  We didn't know about this ahead of time so we were pleasantly surprised when we were asked to pick more of our favorites.  I liked the egg salad and smoked salmon sandwiches the best, but the asparagus and garlic herb mousse sandwich was interesting as well.  The two scones, one buttermilk and the other cranberry, were both quite large.  My favorite desserts were the raspberry opera cake and the chocolate cream on chocolate biscuit.Natalie provided us with the most awesome service!  She was super friendly and did a fabulous job.  Overall, this was really a top notch experience all the way through.  Excellent dining and service.
4	Had a great time staying here for a few days.  Golf course was amazing (payed twilight for $75 on the desert course starting at 1pm).   Was able to do a nice long 3 hour hike Camelback mountain.Service is excellent here and accomodations are lovely.  24 hour pools and hot tubs are nice. As are the fire pits... But nothing is cheap here for sure! $22-27 scotches by the firepits.   $10 bagel sandwiches at the ice cream parlor by the lobby.   Don't come here if you don't like to spend money!  Also, i would avoid eating the meals here. Food is not the best and it costs an arm and a leg.   Would love to come back for some more golf and hiking. You def. get more perks staying at Canyon Suites (free wifi, free access to business center, nicer and more private pool and hot tub area, better free wine tasting, and nice amenities like free cider, arnold palmer, fruit, and cookies throughout the day.
4	For our 40th wedding anniversary, I wanted to plan a special experience for my special wife of so many years. She had never been to Scottsdale--or anywhere in the SouthWest--and I only for business. While I had no previous exposure to the Phoenician, other than reading here about it's reputation, and after conducting pretty thorough research--we placed our reservations. If you too, are looking for a special location, this one deserves the title 'resort'. The service level from all employees you'll encounter really places your interests and need in the fore-front. Concierge service was on target with every recommendation. Rooms are very comfortable and the beds and bedding luxurious. Everything in the room and bath underscore the devotion to your satisfaction.Highly recommended. Enjoy yourself...
5	Things that are rad about the phoenician:1. If you get room service, they bring a toaster up to toast your bread (because nobody likes cold toast). And in general, the room service is tasty.2. They have bocce on the lawns.3. Location is great for hiking, tennis-ing, golfing, and pool-ing. Close to Scottsdale but not in the middle of the scene.4. Views are amazing.5. Service people who really do shine - ritz level.Things that arent so rad:1. The pool deck area seems to be under a lot of shady trees - for the amount of acreage the pool takes up, there are surprisingly few places to take in the sun.2. It's spendy. The taxis they call for you are black cars, and everything costs an arm and a leg.Overall though, I've found this to be one of the few "resort" hotels that actually lived up to the price.
2	The Phoenician is a dated property and in need of a facelift.  Spend your money elsewhere!
4	I took my mom and my aunts to afternoon tea service recently.  Served in the lobby tea court, we were seated near the hotel entrance.  I wished I had thought to request a nice window seat when making the reservation, but it was still a lovely setting.  The pianist was a nice touch as well.For $36 per person, the tea includes a variety of finger sandwiches, scones, and desserts...oh, and tea.  There is also an option for champagne ($45?), but we declined.  And let's face it, an afternoon with relatives is more likely to require bourbon, rather than champagne.  Just kidding mom (she may be trolling my reviews).  There's a nice tea selection, and everyone gets their own pot (of tea that is).  Also, rather than the tiered trays, your server will offer you each course.  First up were the tea sandwiches (chicken salad, egg salad, smoked salmon, English cucumber, and asparagus with garlic herb mousse).  Surprisingly, my favorite was the asparagus.  Not surprisingly my least favorite was the cucumber.  Cucumber + white bread = bland in my book.  BTW, in case you think afternoon tea should be a full, gut-exploding meal, you can have as many as you want.  Second course were scones-plain and cranberry-served with the expected lemon curd, strawberry jam, and cream.  And if that's not sweet enough for you, the final course is a variety of mini desserts.  By then, even I could not manage to sample one of everything, but I tried.My only criticism is that a few things were not quite as polished as I would have expected.  The server spilled some of the tea as she was setting one of the pots down (certainly understandable and forgivable), and my aunt's teacup was not quite clean (not as excusable) and she had to request another.  But overall, a very nice afternoon.  And since it was my mom's birthday, they brought her an assortment of cookies to take home and the pianist played Happy Birthday (several times in fact, so I'm not quite sure who it was for).
5	This place is unreal!!  From the mother of pearl swimming pool to the head to toe marble bathroom. Come on!!!  I would love to stay here again and again.  I also had spa service that was so relaxing and nice. This place is an oasis.
5	What an amazing place to stay. I went out there for business but really felt I was on vacation the whole time,In fact I decided to extend my trip because I did not want to leave.The private suite I stayed in had my own jacuzzi out on the deck that over looked the beautiful mountains. Just breath taking.The service was top notch. The Phoenician Hotel is much prettier in person. This place should be on everyone's bucket list as a must stay.
1	We'd heard about this hotel for years and decided to try it on our anniversary. We checked in and got ready to go out for dinner.  I had decided to pay for dinner with a credit card so I consciously left my money (about $250) with an expensive money clip in the room (my mistake).  When we got back from dinner the first thing I noticed was that the beds had been turned down.  We hadn't expected anyone to be in our room and my first thought was that I had left a lot of money on the desk. I went to check and the money and clip was gone.  I called security and they came to take my report and search the room.  They said the computer indicated two employees had entered the room when we were out and that they would interview the employees.  Not surprisingly, the next morning they said the employees denied taking the money.  The hotel didn't offer to do anything for ruining our anniversary or compensating me for the theft.  A week later a manager of hotel called me at home and asked if I had found the money!  I told them of course I hadn't found it...one of their employees had stolen it.  She then offered to send me $200 to compensate me for my loss.  That was better than nothing but considering they ruined our anniversary and I lost the  money clip my wife had given me on our honeymoon 23 years ago it was small consolation.Oh yeah, the hotel is old, tired and run down.  They couldn't pay me enough to go back.
4	I have never been to The Phoenician and I had the opportunity to come here for the 1n10 brunch event. Wow, this place is beautiful. The staff were extremely friendly and this may sound retarded, but there bathrooms are beautiful! The grounds were gorgeous and although the drinks were on the high side, at least they made the strong. I may just have to come back and try dinner.
4	I fell down in the spa meditation room. They need to make that step a ramp. But we had a great time; the grounds and pools were beautiful. I wish I didn't have to call for ice. Service was 5 star.
1	The mutitude of billing errors everyone in our group has experienced is unacceptable from a resort of this caliber.  I have been trying to get assistance since yesterday morning and have yet to get a call back from someone who cares. The resort itself is beautiful.
5	Amazing, but expensive. I've only golfed here, so can't speak for the rooms/accomodations but I'm sure it is spectacular.Pros:-Immaculate course. Just beautiful. -18 hole will wear you out in the heat. Go during prime times when the weather isn't too crazy and you will have a great time.-I'm not too experienced in golf but went with an avid golfer who said the course was one of the best in AZ.Cons:-None, except there are more snakes, critters, etc than I've experienced at other courses but that's to be expected in AZ.Verdict:-It is very expensive at $200+ per person. I would go here to entertain a client or on someone else's dime.
5	This is one of many reviews I will eventually write for this place. I'm blown away everytime I visit here. From the beauty of the property, the amenities of the resort and rooms, and the service of the staff - it is all truly five diamond. The resort is set on the foot of Camelback mountain. The lobby, lounge, and several restaurants overlook the Phoenix valley. The rooms range from views of pools, gold courses, a beautiful grassy terrace, the desert, camelback mountain, and cactus gardens. The rooms are spacious and elegantly furnished. For food and beverage, the options are endless! This is my favorite part. The cafe and ice cream parlor. Open morning until 6pm. They have lighter fare good, grab and go sort of style. Also a candy station for the kids. The turkey croissant is delicious!Grape and Grain is across the hall from there. Its a wine/liquor/beer shop where you can taste and buy bottles! Free tastings! They will feature wine, beer, and spirits throughout the week. I was able to sample some Samuel Adams beer, Arizona wine, and one of their in-house infused vodkas. At Thirsty Camel, the lobby bar - the views are the best in the city. You can sit inside or outside, listen to live music, and enjoy company from comfy chairs around fire pits! Josh is one of the managers, he came by several times to ensure our experience was exceptional. Raul  was a assistant to the server and was so helpful and entertaining. Oh, and the food comes from Il Terrazzo restaurant. Lobster Tacos, pork sliders, and Kobe sliders. Amazing. Then downstairs at the actual restaurant, Il Terrazzo.... The HANDS down best steak that I've ever had in my life. I went to dinner with a group of 9 people. Every person loved their meal (steak, scallops, and raviolli). Spectacular ambiance, wine, beer, and service. Oasis is the pool bar. Another one that's open during the day, have great, more simple/light food. The bar is in a fun setting with a waterfall in the background. The cabanas are beautiful, and again, the service is exceptional. Liam was so accommodating to our needs and made us feel so special during our stay. At the golf course, there is a burger bistro overlooking the scenery on the 2nd floor. Relish serves gourmet burgers with awesome sides. They have a good beer selection too. Last but certainly not least, In Room Dining! How do they get food of that quality to you - still warm with ALL the extra sides?? Toast comes with a toaster. Coffee comes with a large pot. Pizza comes with Parmesan, red pepper flakes, salt and pepper, and everything else you can think of. They don't miss a beat, and the servers are so professional and charismatic. I'm leaving fat and happy. You bet I'll be back soon!
4	I stayed here for several days for a work conference. Service and grounds are impeccable. Event catering is excellent. The property has small, adobe house with a private yard that is perfect for medium size events (100 - 200 people). Rooms are spacious, bathrooms are huge and luxurious, and many of the rooms have private balconies. The decor of the rooms isn't my taste - I prefer boutique styles that have more flavor, but I can't fault them for playing it safe.Minor criticism: some of the smaller meeting rooms felt dated, as did the chandelier lighting fixtures in the main room. The location is about 5 minutes from the Fashion Square mall and old town. The hotel has a towncar that you can hire to take you.The Phoenician has a signature sweet iced tea that is DIVINE.
5	Resort hotel in fantastic location. Very clean. Outstanding pools, great winding water slide for adults too, swim-up bars, cabanas, private areas, etc. Cactus gardens, mountain views, great Jean-Georges steakhouse is the bomb! Great convention place too without that stifling convention feel. Fantastic breakfasts-best omelet in a long time. The best part probably is the eager to please, totally friendly and hospitable staff!
1	Stayed there this pass memorial day weekend and was the worst time ever. For one I asked the front desk 2 weeks in advance if I could get a early check in and they said they would request it. I understood that there was no guarantee but I thought since I frequently stay there they would accommodate us. When we arrived they said that my room was not ready. Then we reserved a cabana down at the pool. I asked if it was still OK to invite 1-2 friends to visit and they said no and that they needed a wrist ban which I would have to pay an additional 50 bucks for. Lol I don't think so. Lastly as my family were walking around the property we were stopped by a security person who said that we couldn't tour the whole facility because there was a private party going on. I really didn't think that was fair because we were surely paying full price for the whole resort not just half of the resort. From my last experience I will NEVER go or recommend the Phoenician again. Good luck
3	Ok it was fancy. The food was terrific. The service was too. But the tea was ground too small and went through the strainer into my cup. So it was gross. If I wanted to drink any of it I had to wait for the leaves to settle at the bottom. I asked the server about it and all she did was switch my cup. How would that help? Chuck the leaves and start again! Or allow me to choose another tea. Not cool. Plus it was pretty noisy. It's right off the lobby. Barely heard the awesome pianist. It would be nice to sit closer to the view. Next stop- the Ritz.
3	Fantastic service, super friendly staff. The rooms could use a cosmetic update. There was quite a bit of construction going on during our stay and we had to walk thru the work to access our room. The area should have been closed off. Like most resorts everything is pricey. We enjoyed two days at the Mother of Pearl pool with fantastic service and drinks. Three stars because of updates needed, construction zones, pricey.
3	My husband and I like to have stay-cations once a month during the summer. The hotel is stunning is most ways and most of the staff is really nice , the restaurants not so much for me, I suggested eating off property . We ate at the Terrace restaurant and the food was awful . My husband and are not thrifty consumers and I have to tell you , it wasn't the dining experience we were expecting, I was disappointed we didn't go to Mastros.  The Pool Service was  horrible the two times I stayed here, I had to walk over to the bar to get a drink. Not one person acknowledged us, but of course the party of 6 next two us got waited on hand over foot. I spoke with Management about my experience and they sincerely apologized. I am giving them one more chance and hopefully my experience will be better or else I will take my business to the Montalucia or Hyatt Regency.
5	I have been to this hotel multiple times and I have never been disappointed with my stay! It is tradition for my family to stay here over easter weekend when the weather is perfect for laying poolside all day. The service at the pool is excellent despite how packed the pools can sometimes be. The server was very friendly and was  constantly checking on us and was always there when I needed another mai tai! We usually stay in the casitas which are spacious, nicely furnished, and lucky for me, right next to the pool. Over all of the times that I've been here, I think that it's safe to say I have hit all of the dining options that the phoenician offers. When I stay here I always prefer to dine at the hotel rather than venture off to the many nearby restaurants. Relish has some of the biggest and best burgers that I've ever had! I met my dad there after he finished playing golf and had the apple turkey burger with sweet potato fries followed by the cookie skillet, which I finished by myself - it was too good to leave any behind! They also have an Italian restaurant and a steakhouse which are both pricey, but very good! All of my meat and fish were cooked perfectly, however, I ordered the shrimp cocktail at the Italian place and would have like to see more shrimp. One of my favorites is sunday brunch; they have either a buffet or a 3 course tasting menu or both! Since it was the last day of my vacation and I could hit the gym when I got back, I decided to get both. Everything was amazing, normally buffets aren't my favorite but they did a good job of keeping all of the food hot and high quality. My third course was the dessert tower which had a variety of different desserts that were the perfect size and very tasty! There are also a lot of things to do nearby. There is a mountain that is right behind the hotel that I like to hike to make myself feel better about all the food that I'm eating! There is also a huge mall 5 minutes away that I could easily spend all day at. Overall, I always love my stays at the Phoenician, the service and staff are great, the food is amazing, and the location is beautiful!
4	Stayed here with my husband for a conference, and it was a really pleasant stay.  We had a room in the Casitas, and the room was huge!  This is an elegant hotel with great service staff who go above and beyond to take care of and anticipate any need you have.  We loved the variety of pools (for kids, for adults, for activities) and my husband really enjoyed the slide that isn't just for kids.  It would be nice for the hotel to have more signs as it took us some time to figure out how to get from our casita to the main building and the garage parking.  Friends who stayed at the hotel with us tried the restaurants and found them to be really excellent, especially their burgers.
5	I LOVE THIS RESORT!  They are so friendly and are always willing to help you at any chance they get!The best thing to do here is is the spend the day ENTIRE day at their pools!  Try and get a Cabana if you can its worth it, food is included.  Rooms are clean and neat, and the view from the lobby is wonderful!  if you are ever there on a weekend try afternoon tea. The sandwiches are to delicious!
5	We stayed at this resort for 4 days/3 nights to celebrate a friend's 50th birthday and I can't say enough about the service. Everyone was really friendly, willing to escort you wherever you wanted to go and the service (in the restaurants and poolside) was phenomenal. We stayed in a casita; the room was clean and the bathroom luxurious with a jacuzzi tub. The grounds were very well-maintained and had interesting artwork around the resort. If you get a chance, walk through the cactus garden; they must have over 50 varieties on display. We will definitely go back to this resort some day.
5	Invited 24 people there for my wife's 50th B-day. We all booked rooms and everyone had a super time. The staff was excellent and efficient. Great service is their standard policy
5	This is a beautiful property with nearly any amenity that could be imagined.Hiking in the desert?  CheckBeautiful Golf Course?  CheckMultiple pools, spa, steakhouse, luxury accommodations?  Check, check check...  You get the idea...The rooms are large and well appointed with balconies overlooking the pool complex, the golf course or desert...  Beautiful views everywhere you look.The staff are all highly competent, accommodating and always ready to assist.The conference and meeting spaces are modern, quiet and the catering is extremely well done.I'll definitely stay here again...  Remember this is a Starwood property so make sure you leverage your SPG status at checkin.
5	Beautiful hotel, great pool, nice restaurants, fantastic service, fabulous place to stay.
5	Very good place, the room service sooo nice. The first time I Went to Arizona, it is much more dry and dusty than LA, but after I arrived this hotel, I was so surprised that the hotel like a small park, so many green plants, and a golf course ! And another thing is they have a big bathroom , a big coffee table in the balcony, all of this is my favor .the only thing is the food not as amazing as the room :) probably I am too picky,
5	Please bring back your Sunday brunch...I had never experienced such an incredible selection of quality food until my husband took me there five years ago.  We wanted to go back recently, but discovered the Sunday brunch we experienced is no more :(
4	The property is truly amazing. The service and everything is excellent. The rooms will need to be updated soon.
3	This is an incredibly beautiful property, it is just huge.  It is built against a rocky hill and is surrounded by the golf course.  We stayed in one of the Casitas in the lower part of the property.  All day long starting at 5am there are buses, trucks and maintenance carts driving by.  The noise is deafening.  At no time during the day was it relaxing.  It also seems that they could cut there maintenance staff by at least 30%.  WHY do they need all those people that look like they are doing nothing except driving around being super loud!!  Now let's talk about how housekeeping yells to there fellow cleaners constantly throughout there cleaning effort, while one is downstairs the one upstairs is yelling for something, asking questions.  HEY!!  I am still in my room trying to sleep or work or rest!! SHUT UP!  Won't be back.  This is for conventions where the guests are gone all day or you are wasting your money.
4	Had a Wonderful dinner at J&G. great food, friendly service would return!!!!!!
5	Absolutely perfect! I hosted an event here earlier this week for a party of 60. From the rooms, to the food, to the spa....I can't think of one thing that could've been better. We host many events throughout the year at luxury properties and this was the best one in the past 5 years. This is what hospitality should be! Special shout out to the group sales staff (Claudia Lockwood) and the manager of IlTerrazzo (Katherine) for amazing  group event planning. And, a special thank you to Tom Buckley for the quick a/v solution at the last minute. From the check in process to the servers....they were all spot on! We will certainly be hosting more events and I can't wait to visit again with my family.
4	Most people would give it 5 stars.  Stayed at a casita over the weekend.  The place is top shelf.  Very regal and elegant.  I would argue that it is becoming a bit dated.  For alternatives...consider the JW Marriot at Desert Ridge.  The Phoenician is simply over the top with indulgence.  The pools were warm and inviting.  Food at the breakfast buffet was delish.  Go and enjoy.  You will most likely give it 5 stars.
3	Just checked in and so this review is only about the room, but i will go on a limb and make assumptions about the rest, though will update later. This room is tired. Dirty around edges..not cleaning staff dirty per se, though mini bar has rings in it when bottles are moved, but sort of deep needs an update crinkly wall paper junky furniture dirty. Not 5 stars in any capacity. Not even close and unles other rooms are radically different than our two rooms, then this resort shouldnt be classified in the same bracket as say St. Regis Princeville. Hopeful that the rest of the resort will seem fresher, but.I was told this was commensurate with 4 Seasons and that is not the case.
3	This is an update to my previous review. We ultimately checked out and the management couldn't have been nicer about it. We just didn't want to stay in a room staring at cars with dingy furniture. The kids enjoyed the pool, the restaurants however and all the facilities just seem in major need of an overhaul. Once again i will say, not even close to being a 5 star facility. So what do you do if you are coming to Scottsdale? Well, the Gainey is under construction and the room i visited seemed attractive but terribly small and sort of dark. we chose the Princess instead and it has a lot of bells and whistles, though ultimately our room is 4 star, not 5. There were issues with it immediately - a gas leak, no trundle bed delivered till 930 pm, broken lamp, broken phone, ripped curtains. Sigh. What is up with Scottsdale? The problem with the Princess is that it is FAR from everything. So, be prepared for long long drives to get to the zoo or the botanical garden etc. Sort of a pickle and I have no advice. I guess I wish we had a beetter room at the Phoenician adn then I would have eaten every single meal elsewhere. But not a great solution.
4	Gorgeous resort! The grounds are kept clean and beautiful. The service is great as well! We went to the spa here. I got a therapeutic massage by Sara. She was awesome. It was about 50 minutes of kneading all my knots out. It was a little painful (I told her I like deep pressure massages), but in a good way. I consider myself spa-anxious: I find myself asking all these crazy questions, such as, "do i wear my underwear during the massage? what if they open the door while i am undressing? should i go to the bathroom AGAIN?" yes, spa-anxiety. For those who are wondering, wear your underwear. They will give you a robe and you will not be walked in on while you are placing yourself on the massage table. You will typically be face-down on the table, and there are soft sheets you place over your bum.Anyway, the spa-waiting area is nice. A lot of tasty flavored water (e.g. strawberry infused, lemon infused, cranberry tea), hot teas, and coffees available. Coffee = hence the, "should i got to the bathroom AGAIN?!?" inquiry. Don't drink coffee before your massage is my tip. The waiting area is unisex, so I got to hang out with my hubby before our massage. After the glorious massage, we went to the pool area above the spas. With your spa tx, you can get access to the pool areas. There are multiple pools to go to, one in which is adult only (nice!). There is an outdoor eating service, Oasis. They have tasty lunch foods to order and they will bring it to your lounge chairs. I recommend the mahi burger and quesadillas! There are also games available on the grassy knolls around the pool. We played croquet. It felt pretty classy...although we were pretty horrible at the game. In all, a great resort. A bit expensive, but worth the money if you want to spend all day there to lounge, eat, relax, and play. I cannot say anything about the hotel rooms though!
4	I had the wonderful opportunity (and luxury treat!) of staying here for a weekend while out in the area for a 1/2 marathon event with few friends.This resort is a hidden gem in Scottsdale!  Upon arrival (or just driving into the location), you see a vast view of green grass, fountains and you immediately knew you are in a heavenly relaxing serene place.Not only did we got a great deal on the rate, we stayed at the nice Canyon Suite.The suite is beautiful, modern-looking and elegant.  You can tell it's top-notch.Oh, and did I mention what a gorgeous over-sized bathroom they have?!?  (bonus)Step outside and you're on the balcony, enjoying the luxurous view of the mountains.The food is EXCELLENT as well.  Love the breakfast menu!Service is EXCELLENT.  The room is always CLEAN.  You request for more towels, shampoos/conditioners, etc...your request is met immediately.  Just excellent service.There is also a gorgeous big swimming pool in the back of the Canyon Suite...with quite a few beautifully-decored bungalows.  :)  You can swim and relax and enjoy the gorgeous view of the surroundings (mountains).  There's simply nothing like a resort amidst the dessert.  LOL  I love it.There's also a nice golf course for those golf-lovers.So definitely check out this place for a stay if you're ever in Scottsdale.  =)
2	The wonderful weekend we had is completely overshadowed by the difficulty we are having in getting a corrected bill. We were double charged a deposit and then charged for breakfast that was supposed to have been included in the weekend.. After numerous phone calls with not one contact from anyone there a receptionist finally gave me the name of someone in accounting.. we are still waiting for the final adjustment which we were promised on 12/13 by the director of finance.. 2 more calls made last week.. not a peep out of anyone.. It makes it difficult to sing your praises.. Everyone make sure you check your final folios to your credit cards and good luck.
1	The worst resort I have ever stayed out.  No service, no consideration for guest.  Just awful.  I would never return here, a motel 6 is vastly superior.  This place just stinks to hell and back.  Terrible,  Just crappy in every way.  Sleep on the street, you'll do better.  I wish I could give it minus 5 stars. I wouldn't stay here again if they paid me.
5	We didn't get our normally great rate that my travel agent wife is able to secure, but wanted to get away and thought to stay here anyway.  What makes a resort world class or 5 star?  yeah, the property needs to be well cared for and of course clean, but more importantly are its people.  From the moment we arrived and asked for the nearest restroom, their response:  it's up the escalator passed the second set of elevators to your left, don't forget second set of elevators, but more importantly... "welcome"  and welcome I did feel, every interaction after that was just as warm and pleasant.  They made me feel like I expected and then some given how much their rates are.  The furniture,  the art, the backdrop and the amenities were all high class.  The kids swam in the pool, slid down the slide a hundred times, we shot some hoops, played ping pong, borrowed the bikes, and watched some men shank their balls on the beautifully manicured golf course or watched tennis pros give out lessons all within the comfort of this grand resort.  Camelback mountain provides a great backdrop and next time will serve as a great place to hike too for us :) We will definitely return,  the service was as we say in our hood, off the chain! :)
4	Mr. C and I were in definite need of a relaxing weekend.  We normally stay with family when going to Phoenix, but we all know that is not very relaxing.  We decided to take advantage of an amazing deal The Phoenician was doing.  We used points to stay here and it was only 6,000 points a night.  Really can't beat that price especially when we looked online the rooms were going for $500/ night.  This resort definitely makes you feel like you aren't in Phoenix anymore.  When we first got there it was first class treatment from the start. We didn't want to pay the outrageous valet parking fee since self-parking really isn't that much further.  The valet guys were nice enough to let us park our car there until we checked in and got settled in our room.  Plus they even recognized Mr. C from the last time we were there.  Oh wait, we've never been there.  ha haWe had Miss Mila with us and they gave us a crib with free Johnson & Johnson baby products all ready for us.  We mostly hung out at the pools which were the perfect temperature with a plethora of towels for everyone.  One day we even had some family ( a total of 4 kids) come hang out with us without any problems.  I don't want to get anyone in trouble, but we took the kids to go on the water slide only to find out they were all too short to go on it.  After seeing the sunken kids faces the nice man let them go down one time as long as they were with an adult.  I think that was the highlight of their day.  Thank you!One of the negatives was having pizza delivered to the room was a huge hassle.  Basically Mr. C and to go all the way to the front gate to meet the delivery guy to get the pizza.  I guess they don't let delivery people onto the grounds.  Another negative was we did find one small roach in our room.  We reported it and apparently they thought it was necessary to come to our room and spray the entire room.  Let's just say I didn't want to be smelling that and I sure didn't want my daughter smelling that stuff.  I would have switched rooms, but what a hassle plus it wasn't offered to us.  Overall we enjoyed our stay and felt the resort was perfect for what we needed.  We will be back.  I need to try the spa next time.  Stayed November 2012
5	I've stayed here overnight, and have also been to a gala here in one of their ballrooms. The rooms are exquisite, service exemplary, and the catering at the gala was superb.
4	A good resort for a quick staycation or getting away!!!
4	This is for the high tea only -- we did not stay at the resort.  My husband's family has a tradition of going to the Drake Hotel in Chicago for tea, and now we like to go to new places ourselves.The location was lovely -- we were seated on a couch that overlooked the city.  The servers were very sweet and attentive.  At most places, they bring you a platter of sandwiches and desserts and leave it with you, but at the Phoenician the server brings everything around to you and lets you choose.  If you wanted, you could probably stuff yourself because they will keep serving you until you tell them you're ready for the next course.  First course is sandwiches, second course is scones (we had buttermilk and cranberry) and third course is desserts.  All of the courses were delicious.  Be prepared to pay the price for the service and location, though -- once everything was added up (there is an automatic 20% service charge) it was over $100.00 for two people.My only real complaint is that the management seems to have decided to serve the tea in giant pots so they don't have to refresh the water, but that means the tea in the pot goes cold in the course of a two or three hour tea service.  They need to either serve it in smaller pots or provide cozies to keep the tea warm for the whole service.Other than that, the service was wonderful.  They even offered to make a take-home bag of scones for my mother, who wasn't able to come with us that day.  The Drake Hotel is still our gold standard for tea, but the Phoenician is well worth it for a special occasion.
5	The staff at Phoenician reflect not just good but exemplary customer service.   They are above and beyond any place we have patronized in Phoenix. The grounds and amenities speak for themselves. Amazing!
4	Hotel staff is very nice and professional. Grounds are absolutely relaxing and beautiful. Must do a Sunday Brunch here and a pool day!
3	We just returned from a long hot weekend in Scottsdale. We had been looking forward to staying at The Phoenician. The grounds are beautiful - well-tended and a green visual relief against the hot air. We found the staff to be friendly and attentive. Couple of things still bother me. We had family staying in the resort with us and they found a scorpion in their bathroom. We found a cricket in our bathroom but the scorpion find was a little too unsettling. Thorough cleaning may be an issue because we moved out a small piece of furniture to access the plug to charge our phones and there were two pieces of trash. Ugh. We found the electronics to be outdated; our TV was not HD. We also found a design flaw in the bathroom that could be easily remedied. There is no place to hang your towel when showering. We ended up putting one end of the towel through the shower handle but that was not a perfect solution since the towels are too thick to fully go through the handle. Your only other option is to throw it over the glass which is not ideal. So, all in all, I was not overly impressed. However, we travel to Scottsdale frequently and would like to give the Phoenician another shot. I know people rave about it - we just didn't feel it was totally up to all the hoopla.
4	This resort was very nice! The greeting staff was kind and accommodating. My employer had our annual sales meeting which included 600+ sales professionals. Over the course of the weekend, the service was solid. The food was hit and miss, some of the catered buffet was good and some of it great. I did not have the opportunity to try the restaurants on the resort. I would imagine their food would be up to resort standards. The weather was HOT (go figure). Golfed 18 holes on a Sunday at 1:00 and had seen the cart gals two times... 108 heat and two times.... need I say more? At the end of the day, in that temperature, I would think the two girls running the one cart could possibly split up and hydrate the players more regularly. Overall, the resort did a great job accommodating our company. While the comments above are minor, I would recommend this resort to others. Cheers, O
4	We had our company sales meeting here the first week of June, which consisted of 700 or so sales professionals from across the country. We stayed here for 4 days and 3 nights, so I got a good feel for this resort. The first thing I noticed, besides how huge this place is, was how nice and friendly the staff was. Even when you were walking aimlessly across the halls, they would always ask if you needed help finding something. Also, the weather in AZ during the time we went was incredibly hot (think about hot and then, picture dry heat!), so, walking from place to place outside wasn't the most pleasant thing ... but, the staff would often pick us up in their golf carts and take us to our destination, which was appreciated and super nice of them.The catered buffets were either really good or just so-so in the sense that some items lacked any flavor whatsoever, like their eggs that were really watery and bland. I did go to their restaurant inside of the hotel called Il Terrazzo and their food was AH-MAZ-ING! I ordered their Tuscan Kale salad that came with arugula, fennel, sliced grapes and dates, nuts, thin pear slices, and sliced cheese, all drizzled in a pear vinaigrette -- I also ordered some grilled chicken to go with it. The salad was seriously to die for! Best salad I've ever had. Heaven in my mouth, and I finished every last bite.The only thing that really made me think twice about this place is the cockroach my roomy and I found in our hotel room! Yes, cockroach! Coming from Sacramento, I'd never seen one of those, so to see that huge critter by the dresser just chillin' there was quite a surprise. The other disappointing thing was while I was frozen in terror and my roomy called the front desk for support, they said they'd send something right away but they didn't. After 15 minutes and 3 calls total, no one showed up. We called them back, since we needed to leave to a meeting, and I told them to cancel the request. We called them back later that night and they sent someone within 5 minutes. The dude came in, picked up the cockroach (which was dead) and inspected our entire room. Not sure why the second time we called they sent someone right away, while the first time they didn't. Also, they didn't even apologize for the cockroach incident. Maybe this is a normal thing for them?Overall, this place gets 4 stars, despite their hit-or-miss food and the cockroach incident. The resort is gorgeous, the staff is friendly, and their customer service, overall, is excellent, especially since their staff makes you feel right at home. I would definitely come back to this place!
5	Stayed here recently and despite being here in the June heat it was great.  The service from the hotel staff was the best I have ever seen.  They were all friendly and made you feel at home.  All of the food that I had was excellent.  The rooms were roomy and comfortable.  I had a room at the end of the hallway which gave me an oversized patio compared to the standard size.  Great views all around, I would certainly go again although preferably not in summer.
5	We stayed here back in 2006 and we came back in 2013. The service was still excellent. Two thumbs up for the friendly, accommodating, and attentive employees. The property was huge, but it was a bit old. We always enjoyed our stay here, couldn't ask for anything other than cooler weather.
5	Wow, this place is awesome. Amazing, crystal clear pools - like 7 or 8 of them. Spectacular, professional service. Large, upscale rooms that are super comfortable. Great views. Golf, tennis, biking, gym, spa, you name it. Great food at about 7 different restaurants and you can always lounge by the pool with mixed drinks and lunch. They serve food at the pool til 5:00, but the pool complex is open 24 hours, which is pretty sweet compared to Vegas pools that shut down so they can become nightclubs at night.Good for kids or couples, for fun, or just a great night's sleep. I had it all.It's kind of pricey, but in this case you get what you pay for. The resort fee is $30. Yep, it's a lot. It includes internet and some other odds and ends you won't care about. But this place is worth it if you want to indulge. So pay up and enjoy.
5	Perfect for a relaxing, fun family vacation!The staff throughout the hotel is extremely friendly. Rooms are clean, comfortable and spatious. The pool area is just perfect for a family with kids as there are several well maintained pools including one with all kinds of fun activities. The bar service at the pool works well and delicious snacks are available throughout the day. In addition to the pool area there's a ton of things to do, tennis, golf, biking, rec room (with billiards. foosball, ping pong).A few tips: - consider having breakfast at the little cafe/ice cream bar next to the main entrance. It's simple but comfortable and you can sit outdoors. They have table service too- the burger bistro at the golf club is just perfect for a late lunch or happy hour. Large selection of beers and excellent food. You can also sit outside and watch the golfers tee off while you eat.- we saw a rattlesnake in the hotel cactus garden, so watch where you step
5	I love this resort, grounds are beautiful. I love the pool areas and the service is always amazing. They treat you like royalty here.
5	A wonderful experience as usual.  The only hiccup was when a bartender was rude to us, but the a manager (Matthew) swooped in and made sure we were completely happy!  We love the Phoenician!
1	4 diamonds?  I think they might have 3 of them on layaway.  This is no longer the premiere resort destination in Scottsdale/Phoenix.  The spa, staff and service are not on the same page and fall short of 1st class. Notably Resort Manager, Todd Raessler is what makes this "Luxury Collection" a true disappointment.  I am an SPG member and stay exclusively at Starwood Hotels/Resorts.  -The Phoenician and Canyon Suites are a "B" level resort and unfortunately no one there seems to realize it except the guests.Stick with the JW Marriot Canyon Inn and Suites or the Biltmore!
5	This resort has been in Scottsdale forever and it truly knows service. I haven't stayed in the rooms here in years but I looooove the spa.  They always pamper me and I try to get here as often as I can. Love this place!
5	A few weeks ago I stayed at The Phoenician for three days/nights, and it was one of the best overall experiences I've had anywhere.  Bell (Kyle rocks!) and front-desk staff were very accommodating, especially when I left my mobile phone in the car-service vehicle.  I stayed in a Casita - which had luxury decor and finishes, overflowed with space, and was great for entertaining family and friends without them having to go into the bedroom area.I was pleased with the amenities in the two cabanas I rented, although there were a few things I had to remind the attendant were included.  I had a great business dinner at J&G Steakhouse and found their ribeye to easily be one of the top three steaks I've ever eaten.  Even if you only have 15 - 30 extra minutes, spend it in the Cactus Garden and bring a camera!  Although my schedule only permitted playing nine holes on the Canyon golf course, I was pleased with its design and my overall golfing experience.  I'm looking forward to returning to The Phoenician with my family so we can enjoy even more of the resort.
5	After visiting the Phoenician last week for our "Babymoon", I am not surprised to learn the resort is the #1 rated Luxury Collection hotel in the Starwood chain!! Wow! What an experience! My husband and I both work stressful jobs and we desperately needed some R&R before our baby makes her debut. I read way too many hotel and resort reviews before finally settling on the Phoenician. I was initially concerned about staying at the resort during Scottsdale's "off" season and worried the weather would be too hot for a 7 month preggo to enjoy the pool and sun.  However, after spending four days there, I quickly realized that off season is OUR season. Because the resort wasn't at 100% capacity, we felt like we were given a lot of special attention (and maybe they make everyone feel that way all throughout the year). From the moment we checked in, every single person at the resort made sure our stay was exceptional. The ladies at the front desk were so kind and offered restaurant advice and appropriately commented on the nature of our trip. They even gave me a gift-- a Starwood Kate Spade golf bag! The bellman, the servers... Even housekeeping made our stay phenomenal. We all know you can stay in a beautiful building with the nicest amenities... But if your room isn't clean then your view of the hotel is diminished. The housekeeping staff at the Phoenician are some of the best in the country. We always had plenty of fresh towels, always replenished soaps and coffees, and the little extra touches like chocolate on our pillow and slippers by our bed at night was so appreciated. If you stay at the resort, I highly recommend participating in the resort events and activities. As a non-yoga person, yoga was surprisingly one of the highlights of my stay. Susanna, the yoga instructor is amazing and truly teaches on every level--including altering her class so that I could participate (full belly and all). My husband enjoyed the cocktail lesson and we loved the live music at the Thirsty Camel at night (see my separate review on Yelp). The bottom line of my review: Would we go back? Absolutely!!!
4	This is where you come when you want to be waited on.  When every single person I met in four days (I'm guessing for me it was about 15 staff) is so friendly - genuinely - and helpful, you will feel pampered.  Not the phony "you're not rich enough" treatment you can get at some of the coastal resorts - you know them if you've been treated like that. One day I had a facial from Marcella, who'd been trained in Hawaii and had worked the Doral in Florida.  I came out looking like and feeling like a new woman.Another day I got a massage from a young woman who had the sweetest voice and most powerful arms.  That's the massage of my dreams and I floated out of there.Then Margo did my hair.  She gave me five tips I've never heard in years of hair appointments.  I got raves on my coarse and difficult to manage hair.I'm sure many of the staff have worked this place since it was built - about 25 years ago.  Talked with Lucy at the Spa - 22 years; Albert since he was 16 and he's 32.  The staff number about 1200 and everyone gets a full meal free when they work.$70 million renovation in 2009 - the public areas are beautiful but not over the top.The eye candy is the landscape - 2 acres of dozens of varieties of cacti.  Palm trees, nine swimming pools, three world class golf courses.  Our room (on the company dime or should I say C notes) underwhelming.  All the comforts - robes, slippers, toiletries, etc but style wise - a bit too retro for me.  That alone is why I didn't give five stars.But look out the window or step onto your private veranda - Camelback mountain is right there with beautiful landscaping all around.  The resort is huge, 250 acres, but there are golf carts and courteous drivers everywhere to whisk you wherever you need to go.The first night the company hired 2 hot air balloons for rides in the evening - fabulous!  The food - whether it was a sit down dinner for 400 or soup and salad at Il Terrazzo - excellent.  At some point, when you can and need to spoil yourself, stay here.
4	This is one of those resorts that makes you feel in touch with nature (it is tucked into Scottsdale's Camelback mountain with cacti beautifully lighting under the rising sun). This is one of those resorts that makes you feel spoiled (every time I called room service, I'm greeted with a "how may we serve the Salanga party"). This is one of those resorts that makes you feel OK if you stay in all day (air conditioning to shield from the AZ heat, thank you!).It has a beautifully laid out pool area, with a koi pond in the back, bridges connecting to other resort rooms. The gym has a lot of equipment and free weights, more than enough even when there's quite a few people in there with you. And there's a golf course. Quite swanky.It is minutes away from the Fashion Center Mall (huge!), more shopping in the other direction, Costco, Target, a wealth of restaurants, a quaint old town, et al.Now, why I stayed here -- I came on business, staying in the ballrooms for quite some time. The staff were very attentive, helpful, and friendly. I know that this may be a singular experience as I'm sure my company dropped major coin on the event and the staff were told to jump extra high if asked, but I have no qualms about it.Would I stay here again? Heck yes. Could I afford it? Perhaps not.
5	spectacular service. hotel needs a bit of update on exterior and interior but the service makes up for it. truly outstanding
4	My wife and I stayed here over a discounted summer staycation. Since it was August and blistering hot there were not many people here but that was ok with us because it made it more private. I would have given this resort 5 stars it it weren't for a few things that made our stay not as comfortable. Check-in was fast and simple and we were celebrating our anniversary and was upgraded to a nicer room. Kudos to them for that customer service act. We also had a nice dinner at J & G steakhouse making it our number 2 steakhouse in Phoenix, just being edged out by Mastro's City Hall. Having turndown service was also a nice touch, but is mandatory for a 5 star resort. The room we got was a king that had a nice bathroom with both tub and shower. The room was spacious and had a desk and couch as well as a balcony where you can sit out and look over the grounds. The resort itself is beautiful and well kept. The few little things that dropped them half a star are as follows. The hot tub was broken and not addressed during our two day stay. The water was only at 90 degrees and the jets did not work in it. The hot tub itself is large and the only one on the resort. I would have expected a resort of this size to have two of them, but this was plenty large enough. The only problem was that it did not work and repeated attempts to report this to the front desk brought about no one to address the problem. There was also construction that took place outside our bedroom that was loud an obnoxious and could have been avoided. I'm assuming that the resort is aware of the construction going on seemed to take place on one side of the resort. There are two wings to the resort and a simple placement of guests on the otherside would have avoided this problem. It sure made our anniversary staycation a little annoying and sleeping in virtually impossible. Since it was summer, and the lack of visual guests around the property, I'm sure there were many rooms available on the other side of the resort that could have been used. They also missed turndown service on our second night, which was more of a missed service than actual inconvenience. The resort is very romantic and would make a great getaway. Despite the small short-comings, we would still return here and give it another try. The only big things were the hot tub and construction. They have a nice sunday brunch and afternoon tea that we were not able to take advantage during this stay and we'll just have to try them next time.
5	Came here for tea with one of my friends when we were visiting Scottsdale. OMG what a great experience. We were the only ones there but the service was still fantastic. The food was delicious and the view of the pool area was really nice. The lobby area was still quiet enough to not disrupt the tea ambiance. Would love to do this again!
5	Wow, this place is pretty unbelievable. I was just here for one night, but I got a chance to walk the grounds and eat at JG Steakhouse (amazing). As soon as you pull up you know this it's going to be unlike any place you've ever stayed. It's incredibly rich but comfortable at the same time. I'd recommend this place for couples looking for a relaxing but romantic getaway. I was personally there for work, but you can't help but feel relaxed after a stay at the Phoenician. I spent a lot of time in the lobby on my computer. They had a piano player and guitar player/singer alternating shifts. I wish I could have enjoyed their talent sipping on a cold beer (it was 95 degrees out). They have what seems like endless layers of pools and cabanas. And you really don't have to leave because of the great dining and entertainment options at the resort. My room was incredible. The bathroom was huge as was my room. I also had a nice patio outside looking at the canyon. Just a really great property.
5	The Phoenician was home to one of the best, most romantic nights I have had.  After being tricked into showing up by my boyfriend, I followed the front desk's instructions to a gorgeous, huge suite with rose petals spilling out into the hallway.  I followed the flowers inside and around to find my boyfriend down on one knee!  This room was the perfect setting for a proposal, and for the celebratory evening to follow.This suite had two full bathrooms with tubs and showers, a separate entry-way, a dining and living area larger than the average hotel room, and a balcony overlooking an amazing view.  The bed was very comfortable, and the whole room was luxurious.We went over to J&G Steakhouse to meet up with some friends for some cocktails, and were greeted by some excited servers and the manager, who stopped by to congratulate us and impart some words of wisdom.  We enjoyed some delicious beverages from the bar, and relaxed in the lounge area taking in the scenic view.Back upstairs in the suite, now with a full group of friends in tow, we ordered some room service to continue the party.  I always love a good guacamole, and it didn't disappoint here either.  The antipasti plate was another of my favorites.If there was a light for the balcony, we never found it.  But sitting out with some friends under the moonlight was just fine with us!  The ladies at the front desk and everybody we encountered during our stay were all very accommodating and excited to help make our night special.  I have nothing but good things to say about the entire experience!
4	Enjoyed the Sunday $25 brunch buffet.  Omlet/eggs any style station.  Ham on carving station every Sunday.  For $10 more endless sparking wine.  Worth the $25 bucks go check this place out fun, the coffee very robust ! no eggs benedict but hey everything else was worth it.
4	Very nice resort with fantastic service and close to fun activities near Scottsdale.   The good: - Service was excellent - some of the best that I've experienced, and we travel a lot.- Location near Camelback mountain is really nice and perfect for an early morning hike to watch the sunrise (good for people traveling in from the east coast or midwest)- Lots of pool space - adult pools, kid pools, mixed pools, play pools.  Pick what you like.  Tennis and golf available in spades as well (although we didn't try)The bad:- The resort is NOT completely non-smoking.  While the interior of the rooms are non-smoking, guests are permitted to smoke on the balcony.  We were quite disappointed because we would have liked to have our windows open or sit out on the balcony with our baby, but the cigarette smoke was a big turn off.-  Our room, and maybe just some rooms, are a little dated.  Still nice, but not to the same standard as other hotels in the same class (and we were upgraded).  I've heard that the bungalows are nicer, but I didn't check them out.- Resort area means resort prices - all the food on site is very expensive, but you pay for convenience and if you prefer you can go off site and there are plenty of options within a 5-10 minute drive.
5	The Phoenician, Scottsdale is a hotel that you don't want to miss if you are ever in the Scottsdale area. The grounds are immaculate and the service Starwood provides is spectacular. The hotel is part of Starwood's Luxury Collection of Hotels so expect to pay a premium for meals and services on site. However, there are plenty of surrounding restaurants such as Blanco and True Food Kitchen that are much more reasonable. Although most families, including ours, will never be able to afford paying $500+ a night for a room at the Phoenician, the hotel is definitely worth using your SPG points especially during their off-peak season so you can realize an even greater value. We highly recommend the Phoenician in Scottsdale Arizona and hope you have a chance to check it out!Check out our full review at http://www.travelingveggies.com/hotel-review-the-phoenician-scottsdale/Traveling Veggies
2	Great drinks, great view. Disappointing service all around. What's with the patio servers and the non-existent bar-tender? Can not believe that a place like this does not welcome you when you sit down, offer you drinks and service the second you walk in.
5	Beautiful stunning old hotel, with impeccably clean rooms. I went there at Christmas time and it was wonderful. Everything was perfect. If you book through a travel agent, you can get lots of extras and perks. I cannot wait to go back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	I only stayed here for one night but wish it had been longer. Spacious rooms with extra amenities that I feel like a lot of hotels don't provide these days - robes, slippers and a Keurig coffee machine. The iPhone/iPad docking station actually worked (when I stay at hotels they only work 10-20% of the time). The beds was incredibly comfortable with a cozy down comforter. The staff were all helpful and nice (and plentiful - whenever I had a question, I didn't have to look far to get an answer).
5	Drove two of these so called snobs home on night n my cab real winners that's why they called Tru Cab they talked all the way about wines with what meat blah blah blah blah blah. Then on 25 dollar ride a loosely 2.65 tip then Mr big slender says .tp me party on dude smoke weed*(told him look I don't smoke weed I have been Clean 8yrs 5months) if you can't. Speak proper don't say anything.(I bet if. You tipped that way in the restraunt they tell you not to come back.
3	Stayed here over the summer. It was not my first time staying here but it was a very mixed experience. I came with my dog in the Arizona 100 plus weather. They have no pet fee but guests with pets have to stay in the casitas. The room was a fine typical upscale hotel room with nice big separate bath tub and sliding glass doors to a grass area perfect for letting the dog out. Sadly there were no public trash cans to clean up after the dog so every time he went I had to find some service person and give them the baggy and ask them to dispose of it for me :(So next thing is I checked in and was told I couldn't use the valet bc my room was too far away. In the area where my room was they had no more parking spaces and I was instructed to park in a fire lane. I know better than to just do this and expect to find my car no problem so I had to start calling looking for over flow parking or to get done kind of sign or placard to put on my car to make sure it would stay and not be towed. It was a huge ordeal and I'm not sure why I wasn't sent to an over flow parking area or just valeted until a space became available. The biggest complaint is I got in and checked in with my dog, who I told them was coming when I made my reservation. At check in I asked to make sure there would be a bed and dishes for him in the room. In the Arizona summer, especially for a dog not used to it water is very important right away and in our long car ride down from LA his water intake was limited. I was told they would send the dishes and bed. I got down to the room and after waiting 20 min called again. I was giving my dog water from one of the bathroom cups and it was not the most effective way for him to get water. When I called once again I was told right away. I told them I really wanted to get some dinner but was concerned about feeding the dog and giving him water so they offered to bring the dishes in and give him the water and feed him for me. I headed off to the restaurant for some dinner after a long day in the car and took my time bc I believed they were taking care of my dog. When I got back to the room still no dishes but there was a bed at the door. That was it. I wasn't calling agsin and I walked back up to the main building and waited on line to speak to a live person. I told them if they couldn't supply dishes they should have told me and I would have packed my own. They explained they had too many dogs on property and would have to search their villas for dishes. I told them I needed something ASAP and a cereal bowl would be fine if they had no dishes. I was offered for my dinner to be comped or to get Starwood points but this is my pets health and safety not just a customer service issue do while I appreciated it I can't say it made it ok. I finally got 1 dog dish shortly after but not 2. I was told in the morning I could get a second. I left for the day and when I returned in the evening instead of leaving me a second dish they had swapped the dish for a chewed up plastic one. Are you serious???The shops all seemed to close early and open late which was a bummer too. The hotel is very nice but the parking and pet services are disappointing. I can't say I dealt with anyone who wasn't delightful but some pretty small requests were overwhelming to them and couldn't get done adequately which at a hotel of this level is unacceptable.
5	AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING!!! That's all I have to say. The Phoenician is a great place to stay. For adults, there are plenty of things to do, but mainly this is a family resort. With activities to do almost everyday, you're almost never bored here. The food inside the hotel is pricey but besides that..AMAZING!
4	I have stayed at the Phoenician over 15 times in the past 20 years and I always find the resort to be one of the very best among the five star hotels!   Awesome golf course and grounds.
5	Just an amazing experience, 2nd year in a row i have been lucky enough to come here. The service is 2nd to none, friendly and accommodating staff no matter where you venture around this massive property. The daytime bartenders at the Oasis island bar could not be more friendly and never overlook an empty glass! The valets will take you anywhere you need to be and everyone just goes above and beyond. Breathtaking views of the valley and an amazing campfire deck area, this place is. First class experience!
4	The Phoenician, a Luxury Collection Hotel in the Starwood family, is somewhat oddly located in the Scottsdale area. Fairly close to Old Town Scottsdale and the Scottsdale Fashion Square.The Phoenician is away from many other resorts in Scottsdale, but does have a great location in that it hugs the south side of Camelback Mountain.As you enter the property, you will encounter a guard gate. You will merely be asked if you are checking into the hotel, there for dinner, to play golf, etc. and pointed towards the appropriate parking area.The Phoenician offers valet parking, of course, or complimentary covered self-parking. If entering through the self-parking garage, you will take the elevator or escalator to the third floor in order to check-in.Check-in was smooth, and all SPG Gold amenities were explained. Since there is a resort fee of $29 per day, which includes internet, I chose the extra 250 points as my amenity.Although the hotel was probably not more than 30% occupied, I did not get an upgrade. I was able to book my room by finding a Better Rate Guarantee, which netted me an extra 2,000 Starpoints so all was not lost.Rooms at The Phoenician are fairly large by most standards, measuring approximately 600 square feet. The Grand Deluxe King Room overlooks the pool areas. There is a balcony with patio furniture, but when its nearly 110 degrees sitting outside doesn't sound like an appealing proposition.Upon entering the room, there is a small bar area with a Keurig coffee maker to the right.The bathroom is located to the left, and is very spacious. There is a large soaking tub, shower and separate toilet. There are double sinks with ample counter space, however three large vases take up some valuable counter space, although it is located over the tub.There are Laboratoire Remede branded bath amenities which have a menthol/minty scent.The bedroom is very spacious with ample room to roam around without running into furniture. The bed is very comfortable, with super soft pillows. There is a bed bench at the foot of the bed.There is a large sofa and lounge chair with coffee table in which to unwind, relax and watch TV or have a conversation.The desk area although fairly large, was lacking in outlets that were convenient to plug in your computer or to charge your phone or gadgets.The Phoenician boasts 9 swimming pools, 27 holes of golf and tennis courts, in addition to a somewhat small gym and full spa.Although a Five Diamond AAA hotel, service was professional but somewhat impersonal. All employees were polite but not overly friendly.The hotel also boasts J&G Steakhouse, a Jean George Vongerichten restaurant. Although I did not get a chance to eat here on this visit, it is definitely on my list. If anything close to my past visit at Prime at the Bellagio this is a sure hit.The property is also starting to show its age, and could use an update in the near future.I would definitely stay here again if I can find a good rate, otherwise there are other properties in the Scottsdale area worth checking out.
5	This resort is absolutely amazing. We came for my birthday weekend and they upgraded us to a casita which was absolutely gorgeous. We had three private patios (each with its own set of high-end furnishings), two luxury baths, a foyer, a living room with a fireplace, dining area, our own personal printer and fax machine, and one of the most amazing beds I've ever slept in. On my birthday night they brought us complimentary chocolate covered strawberries and champagne and the following morning they offered us mimosas with breakfast when we went to Il Terrazzo. (the breakfast at Il Terrazzo by the way was superb!)The grounds are some of the best I've ever seen at a resort. The numerous pools offer an optimal experience for everyone - the higher level pools have water park features for the kids to play with including an awesome water slide (everything for the kids honestly looked so fun, it made me wish I were turning 6 not 26!), the pool below the kids' area is for adults only and has a great bar/lunch area with a beautiful cascading waterfall feature, and below that was my favorite spot: the pool closest to our casita which looked up not only at the stunning Camelback Mountain but also out at the resort's incredible koi ponds which featured beautiful fountains and was also home to many ducks, turtles and geese. The poolside lounge-chars were exquisite, as was the service. The moment someone leaves, the staff cleans the area up and places a freshly rolled towel for the next guest to enjoy. When a new guest would come up, the staff would then bring them a large pitcher of water with cups to enjoy while they laid by the pool. My favorite spot to sit was just under the trees over looking the koi ponds - it was perfect weather while I was there, but being in the shade, while still enjoying complete warmth and comfort took it to a whole other level of enjoyment. They also had croquet, corn bag toss, and a few other lawn activities I would have loved to play. We didn't try any of the pool-side food, but saw a few people enjoying the menu offerings and everything looked absolutely mouth-watering. At night they have the fire places lit and the grounds are even more captivating than during the day.Another big perk to this resort is it's location. Old Town Scottsdale is without a doubt the best area for dining and shopping. We especially enjoyed The Mission and Lon's (highly recommend both!)
5	Beautiful hotel , we stayed here during a business trip , everything is wonderful, great service , very relaxing siting at the patio having drinks . The hotel front desk host were very sweet and they are all pretty.
4	Great place to stay when you're in the area. POOLS are amazing.  There are a few so it was never too crowded or too many kids.  They give you bracelets, so it's hotel guests only.  I  had great service at the pool.  Our waitress would come up to us in the pool and check on us.  Pool attendants kindly moved umbrellas and brought towels and ice water for guests to accommodate everyone's needs. Rooms are okay.Played on their tennis courts.  Well maintained and nice courts. Ate at the J&G Steakhouse at the hotel and it was great food and service. Also used their transportation services.  We got dropped off and picked up from a dinner we had outside the hotel.  Very nice service. If it weren't for the 120 degree heat, I'd come back all the time!
4	Spent one night here and booked a private cabana for the day.The pool was amazing, and the service was great. I wasn't impressed with the room though. The bathroom was amazing but totally disconnected from the rest of the room. The beds are doubles and tiny. It's so strange to me that they seemed to be first class in every other place. Food was good, we had some service by the pool and were pleasantly surprised and how tasty it was.Not a perfect experience but super close.
4	The Phoenician is a great resort.  The grounds are immaculate and the staff is excellent.  The restaurants don't live up to the rest of the resort however.  We ate at J&G Steakhouse and it was Average Quality.  Flemings or any other high end chain is better.
5	This is where we stay when we visit Scottsdale.  It is a great resort.  The staff has customer service nailed.  There is nothing they can't or won't do for you.  The rooms are clean and very well maintained.  I'm always impressed when the rooms and bathrooms are kept up - and I don't mean just clean.  Is the tile maintained?  Are the grout lines dirty?  Is the wallpaper peeling? High end resorts should have perfect rooms and the Phoenician certainly does.  Lots of pools and most importantly, a pool for adults only (no screaming kids).  Add to that a great dining experience and this place tops my list.  I'm a staunch Four Seasons guy but this place is right up there for service.
5	The resort is gorgeous.  Staff is very friendly and helpful.  The pool is beautiful.  The spa is amazing and the Sunday brunch is a must!!  I love coming to this place, I have yet to have anything less than exceptional service and amenities when here.
2	This review is strictly for Relish Burger Bistro located at resort by golf club. I visited there on 6/28 during happy hour for my friends birthday. We had a reservation from Open Table yet when we arrived it did not matter. Lots of seating available. We were told to sit anywhere and different servers came to us inquiring if we had reservation with slight attitude. Why do it matter if the place was pretty empty? Waitress took time to take order and our table was not bused whole time there. Food was mediocre. Mostly the happy hour menu is limited. We only ordered that menu for food but drinks were off both menu. Drinks were pricey and the non-alcoholic sparkling rosemary limeade I ordered was $9 and had zero limeade. Alcoholic drinks were good but pricey at $9 - $12 each. Waitress seemed annoyed, disinterested, and fake. We decided to split our check evenly by giving our credit cards and cash and she said that was too complicated. So we all waited for new individual checks. Had she asked or seemed engaged in party from start that could of been addressed. Service was fair, customer service was lacking, taste & cost was poor to fair. Not a place I would return to.....
5	Super nice resort. My fiance and I stayed over the 4th of July for a little in town get away. The pool is a little dated and a little expensive but the deal you get on a room in the summer months makes it worth it. Get to the pool early though because seats fill up fast. The staff is unbelievably friendly and accommodating. We got a deluxe king and the room is fully updated with everything you'd expect from a fancy resort. Overall this is a fantastic place to stay
5	Holy crap! What a great hotel. From the multiple pools, to the lagoon, helpful service, decor, and on site restaurants this place is the complete package.I would recommend the self park option as there are plenty of close spaces in the below ground garage that don't cost like $40/day for those who drive. The relish restaurant is a very tasty on site burger joint.Overall a nice place should you need a technological detox or a weekend away.
4	Parents Review: first off, excellent attempts by a former "senior citizens" property to become a destination for families. The splash pad, slide and kid activities are well thought out and great. I hope management reads this because there are just a few changes that need to be made to make the property truly family friendly. First off, the splash pad needs to open earlier. Kids are up super early so to have it open at 10:30 is brutal especially during the summer when it's hot. The menu at The Terrace needs to include more kid friendly options and the overall hours of kid activities in general need revision. Open earlier,  close earlier please.Otherwise,  our family will be back. We had a great time and the rooms are a great size and pool view rooms are still nice and quiet. We love the phoenician and will continue to make it our go to staycation location :)
3	We started our family vacation at The Pointe Squaw Peak but I was looking for at least drink service by the pool, so we paid $75 to cut our trip short and go to The Phoenician, where from our online research, there was going to be a badass splash pad which was going to be perfect for our kids who aren't swimmers quite yet. Well, we check in, head down to the pool, and the splash pad is closed for repairs. Granted, we were midweek and sometimes these things happen, but it was the sole reason we booked this place over others. The worst part about all of this is I called down to guest services and told them I was frustrated with the turn of events. All I got was a "Sorry, ma'am." Now, I wasn't expecting a free night or anything along those lines, just a little more than "sorry" would have made it worthwhile. Maybe a couple of free drinks? Something conciliatory, at least. Other than that, the room and our view were both beautiful. It was a nice experience, but just lacked that excellence in service that I've come to expect from a hotel of this caliber.
5	I made a reservation for a "staycation" since I live in town.  It was for myself, 2 kids, and grandparents.  My dad needs a handicap accessible room.  The morning of checking the hotel called and said their accessible rooms were all under renovation!  Really.  All of them?   Anyway, it gets better...   We were only staying one night so my dad said he'd be ok - just couldn't shower.... When we checked in they told us both rooms we'd reserved would be free.   Now that's nice.  Their mistake.  They owned up to it and did something very nice.  Complete compliments to the hotel and front desk manager.  Even better, they had rooms ready for us at 11 am.  That's great service.The grounds at the hotel are wonderful.  The pools are huge and the kids love the water slide.  In the summer at least they even had a bird show in th evening that my kids loved.  Owls and falcons.  Pretty impressive.  Would definitely stay here again.  Nice rooms - large and clean.   Comfortable beds.  I haven't stayed in many Phoenix area hotels but this is definitely one of the best.  It ranks up there with other really nice resorts I've stayed at around the world
4	Staycation and was completely thrilled by the staff. Since I travel a lot on business, I'm able to identify when a staff member is engaged in his work. The customer interaction, helpfulness and great communication tells me the Phoenician trains their staff and they seem to love their work. Rented a cabana at the Canyon Pool and dined, relaxed at the spa (clean, professional), worked out at the gym.   Relish Burger Bistro was a huge disappointment, staff was not attentive, food arrived cold, etc. Il Terrazzo was the best  dining for breakfast. Great staff, food and a bird handler was there to make sure the crows weren't bothering the guests. (I've only seen this in the Caribbean)Little Gelato place was very good, coffee was excellent. I will come back every summer-this was wonderful.
5	This place is what five star is all about! Two nights ago we stayed at the Fairmont which is the other top rated hotel in Scottsdale. This place is definitely better! Great pools, great staff, great restaurants, beautiful grounds. The staff is always looking to help you and to pamper you in any way they can. Rooms are very nicely decorated and the grounds are well-maintained. Unlike the Fairmont, this resort had less kids running around. It seemed better maintained, and the staff here just seemed to care more and to try to do more to make your vacation more enjoyable. We have found a new favorite hotel in Scottsdale and cannot wait to return!
5	I would echo most of the reviews that the Phoenician is really a class act.  When we arrived, my initial reaction was that it felt a bit old/dated.  But in fact, the resort has been totally updated and they have thought of everything -- while retaining the class.The resort is exceptionally well designed/laid out with great views of Camelback mountain and sunsets, ease of access to pools, spa, golf, and ever-present bars/restaurants.  We stayed in a casita which was wonderful and well situated.  Normally you have to travel a bit to pro shops, even spas, but it was all right there.Service is top-notch... close to Four Seasons levels of service. I highly recommend renting a cabana at the lower pool -- great experience and hard to go back to regular pool lounging after that.Spa treatments are pricey but excellent.  It's not really a destination spa like Enchantment or Canyon Ranch, but still a solid experience.The golf course is in great shape and summer rates are amazing.I didn't bring the kids this time but would definitely come back as they have ample kids' activities, a splash pad, and even a "dive-in" movie night with an inflatable screen in the pool!Food in general is solid even at the pool, though there are better restaurants to be found in nearby Scottsdale (less than 10 minutes drive).Overall, a true class act and I would return again for sure next time in town.
4	Nice staycation. But boy the pool is crowed. Too little umbrella's this is Phoenix in the summer. Come on guys. Labor Day weekend - get extra Staff and make it work..
4	Just wrapped up an amazing Labor Day weekend at The Phoenician with my husband and one and a half year old.  The resort truly is a rare combination of high end amenities that exists while still being very family friendly.  The resort was impeccable and the room spacious and updated (we were upgraded I should note!)  The pools were well kept and the staff was on top of their game (they were available to help you find chairs and would even move them for you if need be).  Ice water at the pool was complimentary and in plentiful supply. As we visited the resort over Labor Day, we were able to take advantage of some of the planned activities they provided in the evening.  It was a carnival theme and, honestly, what they put together exceeded my expectations.  They had games, food trucks, and various vendors in a beautiful setting.  It was so festive and a nice thing to do as a family (with other families).  Would absolutely return if our travels took us back to AZ!
5	Love love live this hotel.  And they make the most amazing prickly pear margaritas.  This is the hotel by which all future hotels will always be measured against.  Lovely setting. Excellent service.  Pools were great. Very convenient to everything
5	Beautiful, perfect service, wonderful golf course, outstanding food.
5	love smoking cigars outside at this awesome resort , great food too. defiantly 5 star here .
1	If you're looking for a MEETING VENUE, then I'd recommend being VERY careful. Anything they say, ask in writing.I went there looking for a venue for Christmas. They gave me a price in person and, 2 days later (as they had more people interested), price went up more than 50%!!I've not stayed at the hotel, so my only comment would be that the appearance is amazing.
4	Very pricy, but they treat you like a king. Go down the water slide and hike Camelback Mountain.
5	The Phoenician was nothing less than spectacular when we stayed in Scottsdale for the weekend.  The staff was extremely friendly and the service was great.The food by the poolside was yummy and servers were very attentive as well. The restaurant that we had breakfast at Saturday and Sunday (see my other reviews) was great all around. We stayed in a casita which is just a more private room outside the main hotel and it was amazing.  The room was large with a balcony and we had a fantastic time.When were were leaving, I left something back in the room and didn't realize it until we got home. I called the next day and the customer service was fantastic.  They shipped it back to me and I had it by the end of the week!I'd definitely recommend this hotel to others!
4	The concierge staff here is top notch.  Always willing to help you with whatever they can.  Only drawback was they could not order flowers or balloons for room delivery for me unless I gave them my credit card info.  They could not just charge it to our room?  I found that a bit irritating, but their service otherwise was impeccable.  Love the Valet staff.  Traveling alone with baby can be challenging.  These guys were on it and so helpful.  Baby & kids pool area is great!  It is set off away from the "adult" pool lounging area which I find nice.  They have an open space for Croquet which is fun to play anytime.  Grille service was interesting.  For brunch of 5 we seemed to get top notch service.  But it seemed the smaller the party we were, the worst service we got.  Really.
5	My husband and I stayed for 4 days and it was an all around wonderful experience. The staff and the service was exceptional! The cleanest and most well ran resort in Phoenix. The property is gorgeous as well as the inside of the hotel. We make multiple trips to phoenix a year and this is by far our favorite hotel. Everyone was very helpful and it was wonderful coming back in the evenings to a turndown service with chocolates and slippers by the bed. We played the golf course and it was immaculate. Very fun and friendly to every level of golfer. We can't wait to go back!
5	Most Amazing Resort!!!We absolutely loved it!!!Stunningly Beautiful Views & Peaceful The Service was Excellent  5 starsExceptionally Wonderful & Friendly Staff willing & ready to help - anyway possible -  anytime...They go above & beyond to make certain that your stay is "all" it should be!!!I can't wait until my husband & I go back again!!!----love----
3	The Phoenician is gorgeously located in the heart of scottsdale. I will start with the pros- great location, near camelback mountain, fashion square mall and old town scottsdale. J & G restaurant (not run by Phoenician) is fabulous. Beautiful for sunset dinner. The pool is fabulous for kids. Cons- though a great property to cater to families they are for kids 5 and up. Most fine hotels that we stay at start at 4 and up. Phoenician will not allow your child at 4 to stay even if he/she is turning 5 the following week. The staff at Phoenician used to be amazing at service with a do-anything to help make your vacation amazing. Now, seems like hotel staff are over worked and underpaid and grumpy. Bummer. The rooms are dated, the spa is dated, overall the hotel needs to be majorly remodeled. Sort of shame they haven't done it yet as it's a great amazing property with fabulous potential.
3	Staying here is like being in a time capsule and re-visiting a luxury resort from the 1980s. The place hasn't had much in the way of capex for a few decades and it shows. The owners - Starwood - are milking this for all its worth. If they could just hold off, it will probably be fabulous again in about a decade as that 80s-retro-resort-glitz comes back in style. But knowing Corporate America's lack of prescient timing, they will probably renovate at just the wrong time. Go to the steakhouse for dinner while there.
4	5 stars for the location, grounds and customer service, but 3 stars for the outdated rooms.  We love this property and hope that they will renovate the rooms to keep up with the other resorts in the Scottsdale area. The Phoenician is conveniently located close to Old Town Scottsdale and the vibrant dining and nightlife scene.  Their fitness offerings are nice for guests too - yoga, hiking etc. for an additional cost to guests.
5	I absolutely loved the canyon suite we stayed in. The view of the mountain was breathtaking and the hospitality of the staff was beyond expectation. This stay was short but we have fell in love and are planning a long stay to be able to enjoy all the complex has to offer
4	I like the atmosphere and the restaurant.
5	Great resort, the grounds are perfect, the staff was awesome. This place is perfect. We were here from a conf. So glad we came. Visited many of the restaurants while there. Yum, yum. You really don't have to leave.
3	I think the photos on their website were majorly photoshopped because the hotel in real life isn't as grand and beautiful in person. I was looking forward to a posh room and beautiful pools but instead the room was dated and the pools were large but not as grandiose as pictured since the decks were small. Plus, if you don't go early (by 10am) to reserve your lounge chair, then you won't have a place to sit.However, the service is top notch. Really really good service.  I would go back only because they have a great staff who go above and beyond to make their guests happy.
