5	I ordered some cookies to have sent out for a party I was having, and they were a huge hit!! The Maple Snickerdoodles, Peanut Butters, Pecan Pie Bars and Mexican Lime Margaritas were all incredible. I personally made sure to have at least 3 of each. (*Sad, but true.. and oh so good!*) The Butter Oaties and Brownie Crinkles were big hits with the in-laws. Omei did an awesome job assembling secure boxes and the cookies got to us in great shape. Wish I lived closer so I could indulge in these more often!! :)
1	I don't care HOW good they are, if she really, normally charges $14.00 for SIX of these MINI-muffins . . . That is VERY sad.  What a RIP-OFF!I could not believe when she brought them out and I saw how small they were.  The first six were 2 1/2" and the second six were even SMALLER, they weren't even 2 1/4" in diameter.  Paradise Bakery has MUCH better muffins, for a LOT less.  Don't waste your time.
2	What happened?  The coffee prices are a lot higher with the new owners.  We had coffee and lunch while there on Wed.  We were in the area on business.The food choices are minimal - although the breakfast choices were pretty good.  The one young woman who tended the food service had no smile, no thank you and was in our opinion rude - wow - and the food service was slow.  The other young woman at the register did smile and seemed friendly but again - an attitude in the place that was not there with the other owner - we did not feel good about the experience - we go to a lot of coffee places and not franchise types as a rule - and a lot of restaurants and know good service and a welcoming feel.  Too bad - they bought a good neighborhood place and I am sure bought the whole package and now they are letting that go which is the good feel customers had from the buildup of good customer service of the previous owner.MY MY  - oh girls - take a look around -- you have a lot of competition - this is not about you - it is about the customer - it is not about saying no it is about saying yes and thank you and how did you like it and did you enjoy yourself.  Amen.
5	Just really, really good coffee!  Good smiley service too!!I am a latte' purist, don't give me flavors, non-fat milk or fancy sweeteners in my latte'!!  I want 4% milk and good coffee to stand up to the milk!  Terra Java's proprietary blend is the bomb!You can also find housemade baked goods from Chef O' that are to die for!!  She specializes in gluten free baked goods and eats too!
2	Not sure what happened - I stopped by in the middle of the day, during the week.No "hello" or "welcome", no "thanks", no "good-bye", no "can I get you anything else?".  I think all the cashier/barista said was "OK" when I told her my order of a mint-lemonade and paid.  I think it goes without saying that all else I got was a scowl.After my order, she kindly set my drink down on the finished drinks area with nary a word.  As a first time visitor I figured out where my drink was, a few minutes later, as she was nowhere to be found to ask "hey, where's my drink??".The space is decent, though the leather couches have certainly seen better days. Plenty of books to gaze upon while enjoying your beverage, but essentially no other positives as far as I can tell.I will certainly never return.
5	See new review.
2	Usually really good cappuccinos, and their baked goods are pretty good.  But they need to clean out their toaster and stop burning toast.  And this last time the cappuccino was terrible - bitter, too hot, terrible foam.  I brought it back and not only did the barrista give me excuses about how its so busy in the morning (a ridiculous excuse because we always come in the morning, and it wasn't that busy), and then had the gall to charge me to get a regular drip coffee.
5	Cozy and comfortable place to relax, have some java  and have a healthy snack. MG
5	My faves: pumpkin spice latte (with almond milk); the Wow bar (Gfree, vegan and low glycemic) & the gluten free coffee cake, gluten free pumpkin scone and other tasty Gfree treats.
4	Was a fan before (when it was Mama Java's) and I am a fan now!  I really dig what they have done with the place.  Gave it a bit of a facelift:)  In addition to having tasty coffee/non-coffee beverages, they also have a nice assortment of house-made pastries (some vegan and/or gluten-free), tasty breakfast scrambles, quiche, a granola waffle?!, lunch sandwiches, artwork, and more!  The peeps behind the counter are delightful and they always have decent tunes playing out over the rooms.  They keep things green by using an ipad as the register, with the option of receiving your receipt by way of email.  Who doesn't love hugging a tree when they purchase a cup of joe?It's really a great neighborhood hang spot whether you're looking to chill out with a cup and a book or have a mini business meeting or catch up with old friends.
4	I'm always hunting for a good, locally owned coffee shop. This one didn't disappoint! I love how Terra Java is tucked in this little strip mall. It's got some pretty nice character. I was with my wife and sister when I stopped in for a quick drink. As we walked in, we were immediately greeted by the barista. She was genuinely nice and very pleasant. I liked the mismatched decor inside. It didn't feel very trendy or hipster-y, but very comfortable and laid back. There were several people inside working on their laptops, so I assume this place has wi-fi. Our drink orders were taken very quickly and the barista really sold us on the pastries. She basically said everything was good, so each of us got three different things. They all looked like they were made in house. Very moist, very good, and reasonably priced. If you're looking for a quiet place to sip your coffee and have a nice treat without the corporate Starbucks atmosphere, I'd go here!
4	I have been here a few times over the years (formerly Mama Java) and was never too impressed. For whatever reason now that it is Terra Java, I am very pleased.They offer a variety of milks (including rice milk) which is unique and a huge plus for someone like me who prefers alternate milks but tries to avoid too much soy. They also have vegan and gluten-free options when it comes to food and baked goods and with the growing number of health issues I find that to be very comforting.One of the baristas recommended their spicy chai and now I'm addicted. It is very refreshing and has quite the kick to it. Makes for a brilliant dirty chai and I appreciate that it is a locally made reduction - much better than paying $5 for powdered milk w/ spices or Oregon chai that I could buy and make myself.Overall, great little hang out. Always a friendly staff and quiet crowd.
3	I have been a regular at Mama Java's and now Terra Java's for the better part of a decade since I have lived in the Arcadia/Biltmore area.  Since becoming Terra Java, the place has undergone a pretty great transformation.  I love the neighborhood coffee shop vibe and Terra Java offers a wide variety of coffee, tea and other delicious drinks to suit a variety of patrons.  They have modernized the place a little, but it still has a great old vibe with the wooden tables and its general look and feel.   They feature local artwork and crafts that are always interesting. There is a variety of healthy snacks, treats and some more filling options (sandwiches) available.   I always like the baked oatmeal.  I have tried to make this at home but it never turns out as well.    They have remained true to their coffee shop roots here. The prices are reasonable and if you let them know you'll be hanging around for awhile, they'll save your tea leaves and give you a refill later!!  (Warning, you will smell like coffee when you leave this place!!  =) )I come hang out and work from here for a few afternoons a month.  Free Wi-fi is available, and it's a pretty quiet place with some mellow tunes playing in the background.  Unless you catch live music or the storytellers club here, it's a great place to hang out and get some work done. The events are cool too, if you can come to watch and be entertained.With all of that said, I recently had a bad experience here with a staff member being very rude to me.  I  called the Manager and spoke with her on the phone about the issue and she apologized and said that she did not condone the behavior of her staff member.   As a regular customer over the years,  I fully recognize that one bad experience with one particular staff member in about a decade  doesn't warrant a terrible review.   Nonetheless, Terra Java has some work to do to earn back my business.
4	Nice place for coffee and hang out with friends. A little warm sometimes though. Nice people and good service
4	I like this place. It's quiet and not crowded so I can use their Wi-Fi and get work done. Good coffee, good treats.
3	I always enjoy chatting with the counter staff.  They are friendly.  The coffee cups have shrunk since it was Mama Javas.  Large isn't so large anymore.  Charging $.50 for almond milk instead of cream in my coffee is petty.   I stop in occasionally because of convenience.
3	Great place to chill and do work. Coffee and Tea is pretty good but food and customer service definitely needs improvement. Eat before you go!
4	Coffee was delicious and baked good was moist and flavorful...had the carrot cake muffin. Both the girl and guy that worked there were very friendly and good hearted. Nothing fancy pants ambience-wise but background music was good and they support local artists.  Good spot to study/do work.
4	Love Terra Java! My soy chai latte was hot and delicious, and the atmosphere provided by the open mic was fantastic--it's the first wednesday of each month, from 6-8pm.
4	Tasty coffees made with care. Food like it was made at home. A nice alternative to chain coffee joints.
4	Had a Chemex pour over for the first time in my coffee experience and they did a great job.
5	Tried to remove my previous review as Terra Java has new owners as of 4/14.  Major remodel of inside makes for a comfortable, warm environment.  Staff is friendlier than the old team, and very knowledgeable.  Another new facet is the variety of coffee they have available.  If you are a true coffee fan who gets into different regions and roasts, this is the place for you.Quite a few food options available and the cold brew is amazing. But be warned, it has considerably more caffeine than the hot stuff.
1	I decided to try a new local coffee shop this morning to start the week off right but unfortunately this was the wrong coffee shop.  Very slow service and over priced.  No one in line and only one employee.  I ordered an Americano and a turkey pesto panini which came out to $10 +change.  For the price I did not expect the panini to be premade, gross, and still take 10 minutes to heat up.  If you are in search of a local coffee shop I recommend Jobot, Lola's, Cartel, Lux, or Songbird.  Avoid Terra Java.
5	If you love coffee, you need to come here and remember what coffee is meant to taste like. First timer, instant fan.
5	I work right upstairs, and I recently decided to try their lattes. Needless to say, it was one of the best lattes that I've had in a while. I'll be making this one of my regular spots for sure.
