5	While waiting in a sweltering hot 2 hour line at The (now believed to be crappy) Gun Shop I decided to call this place and see if the wait would be shorter.  It was (and they take appointments).  My husband and I left The Gun Shop and headed over there instead, and we are SO glad we did.  They have a bus that will pick your party up and take you to their location for free, then return you later.  They are right off The Strip and have new, modern facilities and exceptional staff. There are no lines, you can sit down and relax while you wait, which was a nice touch.  The packages are better and less expensive, and the environment is awesome.  We were even allowed into their VIP room (packed with drinks, a lounge, television, and private firing lanes).  Our wait was short and we had an absolute blast (no pun intended).  I would definitely recommend this place; it was the most fun I've had in Vegas since we came.  All I want to do now is go back and fire automatic weapons all day!
5	Poor Canadians like us envy our firepower packing American friends so whenever we visit Vegas we always set aside some time to shoot some big guns.We shot at the Gun Shop last trip and while the guns were enjoyable the atmosphere was seedy and our range warden a bit of a dick.I researched around before we came this time and discovered this new operation. What a find. We took a cab there and were blown away by sheer slickness of it all. The lady who signed us in and got us registered was super friendly and very hip. The fact that all of the staff in the cool modern lounge are dressed like super spies only adds to the experience. We came on a Wednesday afternoon so the place was empty but we still got great service.I picked the COD package and my wife got the femme fatale. Their Uzi was broken but she got to shoot the MP-5 instead, which was much more thrilling.We were passed on to Eves (Yves?), our range warden and he was amazing. Very friendly guy, ex marine, made the pleasure of shooting some serious hardware all the better. He would walk us through each gun, explain it, and cheer us on as we shot. Some of the videos we got were priceless and he really made it for us. The firearms themselves are in great condition and were fantastic to fire. And it seems as if you get a lot more to shoot for what you pay as opposed to some of the other ranges. Plus its much closer to the strip and than its competitors. It was cheap cab ride and they insisted we take their free shuttle bus back to the hotel and even that was a good vibe. Sitting in a post shooting zen state as they bus back to your room.Great choice for some noisy fun in Vegas. Great concept. We will be back next year for sure!
1	Nice facility, no wait.But, after calling to find availability of the 50 cal Golden Eagle - and assured it was there and I could shoot it - I drove out there to shoot the promised firearm.They could NOT deliver - but they were trying to up-sell to a package deal that included a T-Shirt.  Even after I called - they claimed they had no ammo for the 44 cal version and "it would be the same".  No - it's not !I walked out - I am not going to pay for the downsized version of the reason I came.
5	Great customer service at this place.  Katie, our sales associate/customer rep was friendly and informed.  Our rangemaster, Jeremy, was extremely helpful and patient, and answered our numerous questions.  Excellent experience!
5	having never held a gun before or even been around guns of any kind, I was a little freaked out by actually going to shoot guns.  MGV is awesome!  We got the recommendation from our hotel.  It is very nice and clean inside more lounge style, which takes the edge off.  BTW all the ladies that work there are very attractive in their tomb raider type outfits.  I got the Femme Fatal package, excellent choice for a beginner.  Cole was our range master.  AMAZING, ask for him.  Super patient and extremely knowledgeable. Took time to really explain the difference in guns and made my first experience firing a gun really enjoyable.  This place feels upscale and not intimidating at all.  Great experience!!
4	We went here while on vacation with our 13 yo during his spring break last week.  I enjoy shooting and my son has been shooting since he was 6 yo and husband since he was a young boy.  Although they didn't have every gun, and didn't ammo for one other, there were plenty to choose from.  The offer door to door service from the strip and probably else where too.  Everyone was friendly and tried to make us feel comfortable and welcome.  My son and I had never shot automatics before and they were patient and very helpful with beginners.  They are very encouraging and offer expert advice.  They are very strict about safety which I appreciated.  The place itself is very clean and they take pride in their job and where they work.  I would totally do it again and highly recommend these guys and gals.  It was a lot of fun!
5	Had a great time here. Went for my brother's bachelor party and got the "Competition Package". Not a single person left disappointed. Bus picked us up, and dropped us off. Front desk staff was full of attractive girls (something the company actually advertises) and the range staff were very knowledgeable and knew we were all there to have a great time. I definitely want to go back soon!
5	This was my first time at Machine Guns Vegas and they were very professional and the service was great! Alex was my range instructor and he was very knowledgeable and helpful. I came to specifically fire the MAC-10 machine pistol for my birthday which they didn't have at a few other places I called around to. They also have pick up and drop off from your hotel which is very convenient. I also did a video of the experience and the link is here http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WbyK4Ks7zT4&list=UUR4TDfMxD9ICwDtmVDo9KiA&index=1&feature=plcp .
5	WOW!   so much fun!  you pick a package of the weapons that you want to fire.  Of course they do not serve drinks and don't even think that way.  The staff was knowledgeable and friendly.  You can order food from outside sources but perhaps they will provide additional entertainment as you wait.  Thanks to Jasmine who kept us informed and hosted us as we waited.
4	Full disclosure: I am an NPR-listening, canvas grocery bag-carrying, Subaru driving leftist who likes her lattes, farmers markets and yoga. But I sure loved blasting away at targets with an automatic. Gave me a renewed respect for firearms. Loved the free pickup, the 'hostesses" dressed a la Lara Croft were curteous and professional, and outlined the gun offerings clearly and patiently. (I have virtually no prior gun experience or knowledge) My range master was helpful and patient (don't forget to tip those guys), and my only complaint is the experience was over far too quickly. A great experience all around, for a cost that I bet is far less than what most people will blow at the tables.
5	Had a terrific morning at machine guns vegas.  It started with FREE transportation from our hotel, yes FREE.  After a pleasant ride we arrived at the range.  We were greeted by a very attractive staff of girls who set up our shoot.  Then on to the range with our very own range master.  We shot the ruger hand gun, Mp5, H&K Mr556, M203 grenade launcher and the Saw.  NO disappointment here.  It was AWESOME.  I highly recommend this place.  Our actual package was the seal team VI package with added ammo and an added gun.  We were not shocked one bit by the price since we are around fire arms at home.  It is well worth the money!  If you don't know guns you may be in a little bit of sticker shock, trust me it is NOT over priced one bit.  Same prices as back home in michigan with the added benefit of hot girls and knowledgable staff.  YOU HAVE TO GO!!!!
5	Outstanding!  My friend, his girlfriend and I went over there on a Thursday.  The place was REALLY nice.  It felt more like a nice lounge than a gun range.  They had a bunch or REALLY pretty girls that are your guides and help you select packages.  You get your own range master who loads, and clears the guns and hangs the targets for you.  Very professional.  My only complaint is they need more AK's and SCAR's.  They are very WELL used. My SCAR jammed a lot and the AK was a bit tore up. I would go again and recommend to friends.  Next time I am shooting the 249 SAW!
5	This was probably one of the finest establishments here in Las Vegas. I would like to first start off by saying that the professionalism is outstanding. The staff is friendly and very informative. The prices are competitive for the amount of rounds you are putting down range with the selected firearms. I chose the 3 gun package (AK47, SAW, HK556) and added an AUG. It was a blast!!! Yves was my range master and he was great... Again, very informative and I felt very safe shooting large caliber, high velocity rounds down this indoor range. In my opinion, this is a must visit if you're in Vegas.
5	I was so happy when my BF told me we would go shooting because I've always wanted to go. This facility is nice and has a seating area. We were lucky to have a really patient instructor, Bryce (I think that is his name). He didn't rush us and really taught us about the gun, how to stand, where to look, etc. We chose the SAS package and was really happy with the guns provided. I definitely will be coming back!
5	A friend recommended this place as something different to do when you are in Vegas and I am really glad I went.The atmosphere when you walk in is great.  They have some nice ladies kinda dresses like Laura Croft who will show you the selections on ipads in a lounge like setting.  You can browse their t shirt and gift selections while you wait for your turn on the range which was kinda neat.  They also had a photo area where they would bring out some machine guns for you to take pictures with.Once you are ready to go they move you up and you meet your range master.  I don't remember the name of the guy who helped us but they were professional all the way.  They make sure you are being safe while shooting fully automatic weapons and offer advice on stance and targeting.I didn't buy a regular package instead opted to make my own custom one.  I got to fire an MP5, an Auto Shotgun and the 1919 Machine Gun.  All of it took my breath away.I have noticed in the few negative reviews of the place, that the biggest complaint is that they did not have a particular gun or ammo that someone wanted to shoot.  I would point out that these guns and ammo are not things you can just run down to the local wal mart and get.  Some times the gun parts come in slight variations.  I was talking to one of the armorers there and he was telling me that some parts come in as either 30-06 or .308.  That is just 2/1000 of an inch difference and cannot be told apart by the naked eye.  That means sometimes they get parts that are not the right size but they cannot tell without measuring them.   That means sometimes they get in guns and then those guns don't fire correctly.  Then they have to reorder parts and  wait until they come in.  This of course means that not every gun will be available every day, but when this happens they make an accommodation for customers.  How do I know this?  Because I wanted to fire the M60 but it was out of commission and when I asked why, the nice armorer explained to me why.  Instead they upgraded me to the belt fed 1919.If you go in chances are you are going to be able to fire exactly what you want, but if for some reason what you want is not available do yourself a favor and take a deep breath and go with the flow.  You might get to fire something even cooler than what you thought.
3	I get it...I really do!Recently I took at little trip to Vegas for a bachelor party, days before...one, by one my friends dropped out (lame.) I haven't had a vacation in five years...so I needed this outing! loaded up the car and drove down to Vegas solo. If I'm gonna go alone, then I'm doing this my way! I'M GOING SHOOTING!!!I finally find a range that's open on Sunday's....but man did I drive around to find it. Aldebaran is an industrial street that stops and starts several times behind the strip. Because I'm not a Vegas local, I did a lot of driving in circles.Once I found the spot, I unloaded my gear, and headed for the the entrance. Walking up I see people that look more touristy, than ready to shoot...hmm. I go inside and see what looks like the lounge area for BJ's...hard wood floors, track lighting, and people sitting there, on ipads...uh oh..The employees were nice enough, young ladies dressed in little hot pants, and drop leg holsters...going for the Tomb Raider look. Marketing, I get it, and there is a niche market for people that want to feel like they've shot their dream weapon. However the look of shock was priceless when I came into the facility with a small arsenal...those girls eyes bucked. One comes up to me with trepidation and asked, "Um whats in the case?" I happily tell her ; an AR-15, Tactical shotgun, modified M44, a 9mm, and a .40cal Smith and Wesson *smile* At this point, the manager comes swooping from the back, and politely ask, " You're not from around here... are you?" Nope!...I'm here to shoot.  Politely I was told about a true shooting range...they were nice enough though, I took a picture, and bought a t-shirt
3	Went to MGV on the day of my wedding.  We had a group of 9 people and had made 11:30Am reservations.  They picked us up promptly at the hotel, and got us to the range quickly.  When I made the reservation, they said that they would have us on the range by 12PM.  Well, that's not exactly how it turned out, as we didn't actually get on the range until an hour after we got there.  So basically you just have to hang out in the waiting room.  We had been waiting a while, and I asked them if there was anyway they could move things along since I was getting married later that day, and obviously I had some other things to worry about once we were finished there.  They didn't seem to concerned about any of my potential time constraints.  I had made a reservation to do the 3 gun pkg and fire the automatic shotgun.  That cost me somewhere around $230.  Which obviously is pretty expensive for the equivalent of 160 rounds.  So then while we're sitting there, I was informed that I needed to go ahead and pay my $35 tip.  I wasn't aware that there was going to be a mandatory tip before we even stepped into the range.  They should call it something other than a tip if it's mandatory.Well, once our group finally got in the range we started shooting guns.  We had 2 instructors and were working on 2 lanes.  It took a long time to cycle through all our group and their guns.  Typically it was approximately 10 minutes between shooters.  The instructors were friendly enough.  Shooting the guns was great, and it was a fun experience that I'll remember for a long time.Obviously I was planning on giving my new bride the MGV thong that was part of the package.  They were out of them.  Also, we had to remind them that we were owed free t-shirts.In the end it took 9 people 3.5 hours from pickup to dropoff.  Which is a long time considering that you only spend about a total of 4 minutes shooting.  Having said that, it was a good experience.  Just as long as you know that it will take a while and it is expensive, and there's a mandatory tip.
3	Staff was great to work with.  Very knowledgeable and helpful. Had to give 3 stars as I went with "the pick your 3 guns" package and one of the guns I really wanted to shoot "the tommy gun" was down for repairs. Sounds like it had been down for awhile.  And one of the other guns I picked to shoot "the saw" jammed at least 8 times on me.  And each time you clear the jam, a live round pops out and you waste it.  Which isn't a big deal unless you are only working with 50.  Still had a great time, come on its a freaking machine, how can you not have fun.
1	One phrase to put it: Not worth itI went here with my family around 330 left around 530. The prices were about 50 for an auto and another 20 for a 'range fee', whatever the hell that is even if you don't shoot! You first go in and sit down at a table where they 'take your order'. They try to be all tech savvy by looking at your choices on an ipad, and but they were just pictures in a slideshow, seriously no integration at all. They also give us the little electronic tool they give you in restaurants to let you know when your ready. We paid about 460, for 6 automatics with 1 or 2 clips. Even with all that technology it still took them almost an hour to get us in the gun range. I asked our 'waitress' what was taking so long and she has no idea. At one point she couldn't even find her manager! What kind of management is that? I even asked the gun technicians (the ones that are with you when you actually shoot) they totally blew me off and said 'should be soon' with no explanation. When we finally got to shoot they were pretty nice about helping us though my little brother (10 yrs old), was burned by a shell RIGHT next to his eye. I don't blame them for this since he was wearing eye protection and it was probably a freak accident but it didn't make the experience any better. If you want to go shoot some machine guns you should check out The gun store. They are much more organized. You walk in and and there is a wall of real guns, you choose which one you want to shoot, pay, and walk right in and fire away, each gun was about 50 with none of that bs range fee. Much more pleasant experience and smooth. Definitely will not come back. Stay away!
4	Eye appealing workers, safe environment, reasonable prices, great place.
4	Machine Gun Vegas was perfect for our "pre-Bachelor party". We were looking for something to do in the day before heading out at night for a friend's Bachelor party and MGV was perfect. There was little wait time to shoot, hot girls working the front, and friendly range officers to guide everyone through the handling of the weapons. It's a little bit on the pricey side but allot of fun and in my opinion worth it. Was glad I went with MGV over the other gun range options. *Note, if your considering putting down some extra cash to shoot the SAW, do it! Worth it.
4	Not the typical gun range I usually go to. I walk in and expect to see a check in counter and a range behind it. Nope, it's a lounge with hot ladies wearing guns. I wouldn't be surprised if they were airsoft pistols on their thigh holsters but who cares, hot ladies... with guns... So we sit at a table where the sale happens and of course the hot ladies are the sales women pushing the packages of guns.  They show all the guns that we can shoot and we choose a three gun package.  Semi-Auto and pistols? Why bother? Full auto only is the only reason to come here since I live in California.  I picked the SAW, Tommy Gun, and the Mac-10. We wait for our chaperone to show up and most of the guys that handle and bring out the guns, and supervise seem like ex military and very professional.  As long as you aren't doing anything stupid they are good. Overall a very pleasant experience. 4 stars cause it's expensive. Good thing I wasn't the one paying.
5	I'm not much of a gun person. But this is not the place-- as far as I saw-- to work on the finer points of shooting. This is a place to burn through ordinance on a bunch of awesome semi and full auto guns. I went here on a work outing and had such a great time I took my buddy two days later. We were under time pressure but they bent over backwards to accomodate us. Overall we were well taken care of.   The staff seem to genuinely enjoy their jobs and showing you a good time.
5	After hearing the wait at the Gun Store can exceed 2 hours with no reservations, my hopes for shooting guns in Vegas seemed to come to an end. However, I stumbled upon Machine Guns Vegas and it surely did not disappoint. My experience at Machine Guns Vegas was extremely easy and hassle-free. The shuttle came on time and took my friend and I directly to the gun range. Upon entering, there were at least a half dozen young ladies dressed in black with guns strapped to their legs. Everyone was friendly and helpful as we processed all the papers for our reservation. After a short wait, we were introduced to our instructor who gave us a safety briefing, gave us protection for our eyes and ears, and led us to the range.We had both chosen the Seal Team VI which consists of the M60, HK MR556, and Sig P226. We also added several other guns including the AK-47, Beretta, Mossberg, and the Uzi (which came with a coupon from the website). The instructor gave us instructions and handled the loading before letting us shoot our rounds. The instructor was standing by us the whole time and never did I feel at risk even when there were multiple parties in the range with us. The smell of gun powder and the hot shells hitting the floor - what an experience! After our rounds, we were lead back to the front to collect our free t-shirt and to wait for our shuttle back to the hotel.Overall, it was an awesome experience, especially being able to shoot a few guns you don't come across everyday.  I would recommend making a reservation because it comes with a free shuttle and the wait can get very long, up to 90 minutes especially in the later hours when all the frat guys wake up from partying the night before. Also, be sure to look for coupons on their website. The only downside of the reservations is that we had to pay for it in full at the time of reservation, which can really add up when it's about $200/pp. However, it's well worth the money!
1	They have a coupon in one of those free booklets for 20 or 25 rounds with an uzi.  It's totally false advertising. I should have known better, but I gave them the benefit of the doubt and stopped in. We were greeted by a bunch of Tomb Raider girls strapped with guns. I don't even know if they are real guns, or just props, or maybe Airsoft. They won't let you see the real guns unless you buy a package, and I think the ones attached to the walls are just for show. Who knows, though, because you can't remove them. One of these chicks sat us down at a table and explained the packages at length. We've shot most of these guns, so it wasn't too exciting. Maybe if they had let us get in our 25 rounds, we would have been in the mood to buy more, but we were shut down when we presented the coupon. The girl told us it had to be used in tandem with a package, which she said was stated on the coupon. Well, it wasn't. It was the rounds with the uzi OR $10 off with a package (fine print saying this cannot be used with any other offer or package). I specifically checked for all this before coming in, and there was no mandatory package deal specified. False advertising.
1	A rip-off and dangerous.Went with a bunch of HS buddies to shoot full auto.  Took an hour to get set up, and they kept asking us to up grade, i.e., pay more.  Then, when we got into the range there were about fifty guys jammed in to a small range. Full autos blasting and shells flying and so crowded it was dangerousTotally disorganized.  They wanted the ten of us to shoot in one lane. No way, it would've taken an hour and a half.  The place sucks.
5	WOW FACTOR!That's the best way to describe this place.  I've been to a few shooting ranges in the past and they were dirty and felt like something could go wrong when you're inside it. Machine Gun Vegas is an amazing experience. When you walk in, you're greeted by a very attractive markswoman that gives you a tour of the facility and explains the different shooting packages available. They boast their full auto weapons, so I elected to shoot  the popular automatic assault rifles. They called it the Seal Team 6 package. Holy crap, amazing! The best part about shooting the rifles was how educational of an experience is was. I learned how to load, hold, aim, and fire some of the most powerful rifles on the planet. I also learned how they're used in the Armed Forces.  The whole experience was really interesting and fun. Here are my recommendations / commnets on my visit to Machine Gun Vegas:-  Plan on spending about $200 + tip -  Shoot the automatic shotgun, it's amazing-  This place is a lot of fun with buddies, and a nice change of pace for bachelor parties-  Ask for the glock training micro course, very cool-  They have a really cool tactical gear store, have the pretty girls give you a tour.Have fun, this place is a "bang" it up good time....sorry, could resist the pun,
5	The place was really cool. We requested they pick us up at another hotel because we were walking strip prior to our shooting range appointment and didn't feel like walking back to our hotel. Very accommodating.The shooting location was great because the girls are easy on the eyes, allowed you to easily add or upgrade your shooting package, and answer any questions or concerns. The shooting range instructors are right there to load all the guns and stand besides you at all times. All you have to do is aim and pull the trigger. Very safe and easy. If you didn't have a good time it's because you either know absolutely nothing about firing guns or didn't spend enough $ on a good package. Yes, you may spend about $200 when it's all said and done. But this is Vegas. You don't go here to putz around to just shoot a hand gun. Ammo is expensive and you get what you pay for. Anyhow, they even give you a t-shirt at the end of it and bring you back. Loved it! My only regret was not shooting the automatic shotgun (Saiga 12?).
5	What a blast this place is, literally and figuratively. The friendly driver picked us up at our hotel and when we got to the place it is like a lounge. Plenty of eye candy to assist you in selecting a gun package and serve a beverage while you wait. Thanks to MGV I was able to check "shoot a tommy gun" off my bucket list.
5	Outstanding! After a rocky start with our reservation confused they made up for it in spades...very professional. Will, our range instructor, was fantastic. All the girls were lovely. We'll be back for sure. I recommend it for a fun afternoon and an opportunity  to do something you'll never otherwise get a chance to do. Excellent!
5	Awesome!  Was just there for my bachelor party and we had a blast.  Gorgeous facility!  We all picked the gamers package. I did the upgrade and got the M60 with mine.  Sooooo much fun.  Our range master Brett also deserves praise!  He was super safe and knowledgable but also freaking HILARIOUS!  He helped make the experience that much better.  We all thought he was awesome.  We were there on a Saturday around noon and there was no wait which was great.  Soooo glad we picked MGV over the others in town!Thank you!
5	We visited MGV back in March during our annual trip to Vegas for March Madness. Just a phenomenal experience. We each choose the three gun package. We also had a coupon for free 25 rounds with an Uzi. Although they had recently redesigned their website and changed their packages ( after we had reserved our time) they honored our original package and prices - no issues. Now lets talk about the amazing people they have working there. First, there are the young ladies who assist in selecting your weapon packages. We knew what we wanted, but they still helped in bringing to our attention any weapons that were unavailable, or selecting between two weapons of a particular class. They were courteous, answered all our questions, provided us with water, just great. We had an issue where they seemingly lost our group picture, and rather than leave they worked for 15 minutes to find it for us.Our range safety officer was fantastic. He provided all the instruction we needed, safely loaded all weapons, oversaw all of us shooting, cleared any weapon jams, and taught us the proper techniques to safely fire everything. Couldn't have any better compliments for their range safety staff. I had the honor of meeting four of them, all vets, and each one was as classy and down to earth as they were friendly and knowledgeable. One recommendation to anyone thinking of going here - choose the SAW. You won't regret it. When we were shooting that weapon, other people stopped firing theirs and watched us. A once in a lifetime opportunity. They have several stalls from which to shoot from, and it does get a bit cramped when they are all in use, but even then it wasn't really an issue. Understand that this is a rather pricy recreational experience, look for each person to surpass $200 with tip (highly recommend you tip well - the range safety officers earn it and deserve it as they are keeping this a safe environment.) But the experience itself is priceless.We will be circling back and visiting these fine folks again. All in all just a fantastic experience. Our group photo from this day holds a prominent position in my living room, and every time I walk by it - I can't help but smile. Thanks MGV, and hope to see you again next March!
5	If you you like firing weapons or want to learn, this is the place to go. They picked us up at our hotel and offered to drop us off wherever we wanted afterwards.The lounge and range are top notch. Very clean & super professional staff. Signing in was quick and simple, and before we knew if we were on the range with a very good instructor. We did the Seal Team 6 package and you can easily add more ammo or another weapon to your package. The weapons fired well and you'll feel safe on their range. We took pics of the whole experience.When we wrapped up they gave us free t-shirts, rolled up our targets and gave us a ride back to our hotel.You will not be disappointed!
5	Great facility! Awesome friendly, knowledgable, and most of all FRIENDLY staff that explained everything and helped us pick the package that suited us best!!! Will come back an recommend to ANYONE!!
4	One of the best facilities in town for shooting and receiving good service. Spend the money on a better package and enjoy. If your looking for a small hand gun range to mess around on then this is probably not for you even though they will accommodate you. Very safe and fun site so have fun
5	This place rocks!  We got the VIP package with 6 friends. Jamie was our personal host and she was so nice (and pretty :) and explained everything so well. We shot 4 guns and got some bonus rounds of ammo. The guys showing how to shoot were very professional and kind. I highly recommend this place!
5	Been to my share of ranges worldwide and this is one of, if not the best range experiences I've had! Super nice staff! Wicked knowledgeable. Professional.  Kept it fun and safe. Won't go anywhere else, won't recommend any other facility other then this one!
5	A first class experience starting with prompt car service to and from our hotel. My girlfriend LOVED it. Damien, our host / instructor was great and helped us to get the most out of each gun. The ONLY negative is that because the weapons are well used, expect jams, some guns unavailable due to maintenance and possibly dirty optics.
5	This was my favorite activity in Vegas! We have 2 more days but this will be hard to top! Great customer service and Kyle, our instructor, was knowledgable and helpful. All in all I would spend the money again. I would recommend reviewing their website and packages prior to arrival. We have experience with weapons but this was a great experience over all. We also arrived just as they opened, no waiting at all. Plan ahead for this activity.
5	I have to say that the all-female, highly stylized reception staff advertised on their website made me really reluctant as to what kind of establishment this was and what type of customers they welcomed. Getting past the glitz and promotion, this was actually a more than decent experience. The website made it very easy to pick out gun packages and prepay for services. When we arrived, we were promptly greeted and welcomed in the lounge area. The facilities were definitely well maintained and make guests feel comfortable. Our service rep went over the guns we chose, add on options, and disclaimers. We ended up buying extra ammo but at no point did we feel pressured or up sold by our rep. She was very friendly and professional. Now on to the best part of the experience-- our gun range instructor. He was patient, funny, and told us everything we needed to know about the guns. We got the sense that he was highly knowledgable. MGV offered really fun and affordable gun packages, first class instruction and service, and a very welcoming/well maintained facility. Definitely recommended!
3	Great place.  Our ride was on time.  Everything you would expect.  My one complaint is this... we were in a group off five.  One of my friends and I stepped up our package and added an additional 60 rounds to our largest caliber so we can max out the "fully automatic" experience.  The helper asked us to shoot several small bursts before letting loose. The gun jammed three times not allowing us to shoot more then 10 shot bursts.  The guns jammed often.  Other then that it was a blast.
4	Went on my last trip to Vegas with a friend and was a great time. Did great job explaining every thing, handling any issues that came up to insure a day of fun.
5	Can't think of anything bad about this place, looked it up online, they shuttled me and my friends to and from the range within 2 hours notice, very educated attractive female 'sales' staff.  Went over every question I had, sometimes more than once :P  Finally decided on an MP5 and glock combo, my friends went with an m4 glock combo, and the other a ak47, thompson (tommy!) and glock combo. It was my 30th birthday but I kept it on the DL, well I guess one of the range members (wish I could remember his name, he was awesome!) caught wind of this, let me shoot another clip then demonstrated the 'noisy cricket' for my friends and I!   It felt like a customized experience, probably because it was slightly, they were great with the pictures too though I should have got one with the girls! My favorite thing in vegas and I didn't spend more than 55 dollars, though you can probably expect to spend closer to $100-$150. My shuttle was waiting for me immediately after we were done and we kept all the targets. Again, a great, upscale, choice.I've been to the range before, many times, but fully auto is a different experience, and worth a try.  They have some amazing weaponry!  I'd go with the SAW belt fed machine next time! Maybe a mini gun if I hit the lotto!  $1000!
5	Its good as it gets! It was a great experience, thanks to the friendly staff. They threw lot of options out there and narrow it down to couple of bundles/packages which was very helpful.  Call ahead to schedule an appointment to avoid waiting.
5	Such an awesome experience. I have never even shot a gun before and the guide we had really walked me through what to do. My husband knew what to do and he had the biggest smile ever shooting at the targets. A  bonus to coming is supporting the Veterans they hire.  Overall, I felt like we were in capable hands and we had so much fun. Plus, they can pick you up from the hotel. Check it out!
5	This place was completely worth the money.  The staff was great, especially the range guys.  Very knowledgeable and helpful.  It was one of my favorite experiences while in Las Vegas, and I would go to MGV again next time I am out there.
5	They employ hot chicks here that are so sweet and nice and will put any woman at ease so pick this place if you have a lady friend that is not pumped on the idea of shooting guns.  Our instructor, Lucas, was patient, informative, and HILARIOUS!  He was in full character.  I jumped when the people next to us were shooting their machine guns and he said, "Don't jump like a little B!  You're a tiny savage!"  He made the experience so awesome and so fun!!  I went with 2 girls and 2 guys and he was so awesome with all of us.  The machine guns go quick so order extra rounds.  They have smaller packages where you can choose 2-3 diffrent guns.  When you are done, they give you the opportunity to try more guns if you had too much fun with the ones in your package.  They have a variety of targets including scary clowns, zombies, a terminator robot, a tough guy, and a very random target of an Asian guy holding up someone by an ATM like something out of a cheesy Jackie Chan movie.  They offer free shuttles back to your hotel.  Don't forget to leave your instructor a tip because they deserve one for listening to machine guns and dealing with weird Vegas visitors all day.
5	I did it!!! I shot a gun :-PMy goal was to come in and shoot a basic 1 round of hand gun for $30 according to the reviews here.. I came in "super early" around 11am and there was no wait, so everything was quick. The price was soooo expensive.I was tricked by business because I couldn't say no to their offers..  So i ended up shooting m4's as my first gun..($150 for me and my gf to shoot 1 round, 25 shots each..) It was like having your first car you drove as a formula 1 car, down a speed way going 200 mph.. My gf went first, as she fired.. I shit in my pants.. It was hella loud.. I thought shes going to die..But it ended so fastWhen  it was my turn, I did everything like a pro, I hit my target but it wasn't where I was aiming at all :^) Then i asked for an add on of ($20) to shoot 1 round of hand gun.. I think it was a 1911, colt 45 handgun..I headshot my target like a pro, but it ended so fast too.. .  (much easier to aim, but it feels like it could easily fly out of your hand) As I head out, I pick up the bullet shell as memory.. (such a noob) Basically, the whole experience was less than 30 mins.. To sum it up, good first time experience!! But be loaded..
4	Great experience. Would have been 5 stars, except my only complaint is that the SMG (two machine gun) package description says that you will choose the two guns you shoot. That is not the case--the guns are chosen for you. We had reservations but we waited 40 minutes, however the wait was worth it. Marcus was awesome. Request him as your host!! The guns were great to shoot. I would definitely come back again!
3	If you don't come in early, then you will need to make a reservation. We came in early and didn't have to wait long. The place is clean and pretty cool looking. We had a coupon from one of the Las Vegas books they have in the cabs. The coupon said it was good till January 1, 2014. We arrived on December 29th. We showed the coupon and you could tell they weren't very thrilled with it. The coupon was for $20 and they told us they told us the price is now for $30. So we took the $30 price with no complaint. The instructor was great! She was funny and patient with us. I truly appreciated it. When we were trying to arrive our taxi driver had the hardest time locating the place. I enjoyed it and I am sure it's the probably the best looking range near the Stripe.
5	Great Time, Best part of Vegas!!This was my girlfriends first time holding a gun let alone shooting it and the folks at MGV were amazing. They were super helpful and make you feel very comfortable. This was a last minute decision to go shooting. They got us in quickly and manged expectations very well. Super knowledgeable which was great for someone like me who wanted to take my time and learn while having fun. The guy who welcomed us and helped us out Eves (spelling might be off) was great...thanks again.
2	If you want to go to a range where the few guns are locked in cages ( and, no, you can't see them or their condition before you sign up ) and every step is pre-choreographed, ( probably not that bad an idea this close to the strip .. Lots of taxis - ie: drunk guys ... ). This might be ok. But I've grown up at gun ranges, am a life NRA Member, reload my own rounds, and I want to #1: see the guns I'm renting before I rent them. #2: believe that the guns are in good shape - and clean. #3: get a bit more of a familiarization with the guns ( I asked about the safeties on the Sig Saur, and was told that there were none....). For a shooting novice, this place is ok, for someone with any shooting history, give it a miss - and let me know if you find a good range.
4	A little more expensive than your usual gun range, but there's no line and a little more upscale than other locations. The instructor spends one-on-one time with each customer, with each gun. You get to choose from a variety of packages with a variety of gun selections. It's a fun activity to check out, especially if you're from a state like California where fully automatic guns are illegal.
5	Incredible facility. 1 of the best indoor gun ranges in Vegas !!! The staff are extremely friendly, welcoming, and helpful. Whether you shoot often or rarely, Machine Gun Vegas has everything you could possibly want to shoot. The instructors are very easy to learn from and they maintain a safe atmosphere at all times. They have many reasonable packages available. Make sure you test out the AR's, the fully automatic shotgun, and the desert eagle .50 cal. They have great group rates as well. This is truly an awesome experience that you will never forget. Enjoy.
5	Great fun to be had at Machine Guns Vegas. The staff was really attentive, got us registered and even answered some rookie questions we had. The whole registration and orientation was really quick once we chose which firearms to shoot. The staff had us shooting fully automatic weapons in no time. If my memory serves me correctly, our instructor was Marcus and Eves. We shot quite a few guns including: Glock 17, .357 magnum, tactical shotgun, Ak-47, Scar. My friends also shot DE .50cal, Vector, noisey cricket  and the browning M1919 mounted machine gun. Needless to say, we all left with huge smiles on our faces. Also, they gave us a complimentary ride back to our hotel. Overall, this is a must do activity while in Vegas. 5*'s
5	Very professional. Great service. Fun and good adrenaline rush for first time shooters. I decided to splurge a little on my trip to Vegas this time and try a new experience. Called in the morning and scheduled a pick up and appointment time to shoot. Driver was friendly and courteous and very prompt. Pick up car was discrete and comfortable.  At the range everyone was quick and explained the different packages. I decided to choose the Seal Team VI package and added on the AK47.  Loved the mix of guns: sig handgun, shotgun, M4 saw auto, and AK47.  Each one has its own nuances and are different in experience. Staff is one on one and friendly. Get to pick and take home 4 targets when done. Very efficient taking you back to the hotel. No lines and very professional. Price is probably on the higher side compared to other competing shooting ranges, but you do get what you pay for with the service, efficiency and professionalism. Would definitely recommend to anyone for the experience at least once. I may just take up handgun shooting practice after this. Fun and good adrenaline rush for first time fun shooters.
5	Awesome experience!! I get freaked out with anything that has to do with guns, but these guys made me feel comfortable and safe with their proffesionalism and stellar service!  Mike picked us up from the hotel and drove us right over to the range, he was on time, extremely pleasant and polite, and very informative. Our instructor was Devin and he was THE MAN too!  Hats off to these guys, will be back next time in Vegas for sure!!
5	I'd highly recommend going to Machine Gun Vegas. The majority of the staff are ex military or law enforcement officers. Our instructor Lucas, a former paratrooper, was amazing at keeping me calm and giving us great instructions. My husband did the gamers package and I did the SAS experience. I chose to upgrade from the Femme Fatale since they said I'd get more bang for my buck, and boy did I. My husband has shot handguns and shotguns before, but this was all new to me. It was an all around wonderful experience that you must try when you visit Las Vegas.
5	While there are MANY shooting ranges in Las Vegas none of them even come close to what MGV has to offer.  They are in a class of their own when it comes to the facility, customer service and fire arms instructors.  The minute you walk in the door, you recognize that you are in a five star facility with employees who love their jobs and are attentive.  My instructor for the safety course and CCW was Jacqui who is a true badass and exactly what you would want in any instructor.  Her knowledge, real world experience and friendly demeanor make it an absolute joy to work with and learn from.  She knows her stuff and I can't wait to go back!  THANK YOU MGV!
5	My friends and I booked a shooting time at 10:30 am for 7/13/14.  We had such a great time!  We were picked up from our hotel on time and shuttled to the range in a matter of minutes.  We then were checked in and led to fire at the range.    The four of us all chose to get the Gamer's Experience for $190 each.  One member of our party added on the M249 SAW to the package for an additional $100.  It might seem expensive, but you have to realize that ammo is costly these days and most of these guns are impossible to shoot anywhere else in the country, especially if you live in California.  The M249 SAW is impossible to buy and is probably worth $100,000.   The employees at MGV were professional and courteous.  No one here looks down on you or treats you as an inferior if you don't know much about guns.  They are patient with newbies, explain how to hold the firearm safely and give you time to take pictures with the guns and your targets.  I loved it and look forward to doing something like this again!
4	Had a great experience at Machine Guns Vegas.  It probably seems a little expensive for what you consume (i.e., bullets), but the facility is clean and spacious, the instructors are very helpful talking about each gun and emphasize safety, and you can't beat the bucket list fun of shooting fully automatic assault rifles and submachine guns--hearing and feeling the shells falling over you as you empty your magazine into some poor paper target.  We went after brunch on a Friday, and there was barely any wait or crowd.  Free transportation is a nice plus as well.My criticisms are few and pretty minimal:  I wouldn't recommend shooting the sniper rifles--there just wasn't enough distance between you and the target in the indoor range to feel like you were doing anything special.  And while the staff is really good with picture taking, I wish they had let us take pictures with the empty magazines still in the guns.  Finally, I'd rather have their more-standard bulls-eye target not have a zombie theme, but I guess that's there way of keeping it light.Still, I look forward to another trip the next time I'm in Vegas.  Check some of the free tourist guide books for discount coupons.
5	Everyone from the gentleman who picked us at our hotel, to the clerks, and range staff were very friendly. I added the SAW to my package and they kindly added it for no charge to the six other guys in my group. The experience was professional all the way around.
5	Wow! What a great place for both adults and  kids to have a little gun fun!! Took our 10 and 8 year old boys, along with their 5 year old sister (who obviously didn't shoot), and it was awesome. From the minute we walked in the staff was extremely friendly. As Las Vegas locals its always nice to find something we haven't tried and MGV was a hit! The kids package was perfect for our 10 year old but ended up being too much for his younger brother. He was frightened at the loudness of the bigger guns but the staff was quick to console him with Sprite and pretzels. Thanks ladies for being so kind! And thanks MGV for giving our boys an awesome experience!!!
5	In town where almost everything is overpriced and most businesses try to pull one over on you, Machine Guns Vegas left me grinning ear to ear.  PROS:-Very upfront with pricing, no catches or hidden fees-Picked up and dropped off in nice suv from hotel-Staff was attentive and very professional-Never felt unsafe even with multiple machine guns going off in successionCONS:-Can be a bit over whelming when multiple large machine guns but the guides seemed to coordinate with each other so it didn't happen too often-Additional magazines seemed a bit pricey $55 for the AK47Final Point: For $175+tip, I got pictures and memories most people would be jealous of.  In fact all my friends have added this to our agenda for our next Vegas trip.
5	My husband and I have been to other ranges in Vegas before but MGV is by far the best. The staff there is so friendly and welcoming. They talk to you about the gun packages and make sure you are getting what you want without being pushy about up selling you. The waiting room is very inviting and they have tables and chairs for you to sit while you are waiting to go back to the lanes.We purchased our gun packages online but it seems that walk-ins are welcome.Bebe was our gun safety instructor and she was fantastic! She kept it real when teaching me how to shoot the guns we chose and was super funny about it. It was a pleasure having her guide us through our guns.
5	Now this is a great experience. They have it all at the gun shooting range and it is completely reasonably priced! Go and have fun and enjoy yourself by letting off a lot of steam.  And not only are the people qualified, the prices good, the excitement REAL, but it's all in China town - so after shooting, you can go next door and get some delicious food!! FUN!
5	Great place, lots of fun for groups.Pros:Upfront and clear pricingSafety is clearly priorityFree ride to and from the gun rangeFriendly, knowledge able supervisors.Cons:Not within walking distance of the strip, even if some maps suggest it(but they offer free shuttle service)
5	Machine Gun Vegas was great!  My girlfriend and I got up early and decided we should go shooting before we started drinking later in the day.  We called then at 9 and reserved our packages and they had a free car with a super nice driver at our hotel in 10 minutes.  Once we got in, we admired the cool decor (guns on the wall) and hung out in the spacious lobby for a minute, until someone came with an iPad to confirm packages.  She showed us what were getting (literally, with pictures of the guns) and presented us with the release.Having got that out of the way, the range instructor came out, explained everything, and brought us in.  Both of us shooting machine guns for the first time, we were slightly apprehensive, but she put all our concerns at ease and made it so we could really enjoy ourselves.  We got shredded targets and took pictures, but I also left wanting to come back again in the future.  Well worth the trip!
5	I can't say enough good things about MGV.  Purchased our packages in advance over the web before we flew into Vegas.  Got picked up right on time exactly where we were told we'd be.  Our driver was very friendly, well-spoken and very knowledgeable about the area.  We were delivered to the range in short order.After a brief registration, we were briefed and escorted back to a very small, clean and very well taken care of range.  More briefings and then rock and roll!  We took pictures, etc.  My wife was very nervous, but the instructor helped a lot and after one trigger pull she was having a great time.After we were done the driver offered to take us somewhere else if we didn't want to go back to our hotel, so he dropped us off at the Palazzo for some shopping.From start to finish, everyone involved was extremely friendly, polite, and very professional.  We felt very taken care of.The prices are reasonable for what you're doing.  Overall we couldn't have asked for more.
