5	I usually dread urgent care but with a screaming infant we decided to go anyway.  We walked in to this FastMed and were in and out in less than 30 minutes.  The staff was attentive, quick, friendly, and very helpful.  For the first time ever the urgent care experience was better than going to my family pediatrician.
5	I had a very pleasant experience with this office. Office was nice and clean and very spacious, got greeted by a real nice gal at the desk who took care of all my paperwork.  The nurse who took me back had the same name as mine ans we laughed about that and minions :) dr Allison Kaplan was very nice and took great care of me. My visit was less than 40 minutes from the time I arrived til I got in my car. There's a Walgreens pharmacy right there in the plaza that just happens to be my pharmacy so that worked out great. Would recommend to anyone needing a dr. And they are opened on the weekend which is nice :)  will be choosing that location if I should have any needs !!
5	I  came  into  to  this  urgent  care  because  I  was  in  need  of  some  advice  and  meds  for  my  condition  which  was  Allergy  related.  I  was  welcomed  by  2  young  women  whom  were  very  calm  and  friendly  and  took  care  of  things  super  quick.  I  was  lucky  enough  to  get  a  smart  young  Physician  Assistant  in  Rana  Rkein  who  took  a  decent  amount  of  time  with  me  to  answer  all  my  questions.  I  really  think  it  is  important  to  find  wisdom  and  a  great  listener  in  the  medical  community  and  this  was  a  great  fit.  Thanks  for  your  efforts  and  help  I  would  highly  return  to  this  location  on  32nd  and  Thunderbird  Rd.  in  Phoenix.
5	This Urgent is by no means the closest to my home but it got the best reviews and after a visit, I can see why.  You can book an appointment online which eliminates the hospital-waiting-room-esque quality of many urgent cares.  The facility is new and well maintained.  The nurse practitioner was very thorough in treating me.  It's obvious they are very patient-centered here and that's nice to see.
5	When I needed urgent care for stitches I chose FastMed which is just around the corner from my home.  Very good care.  My wound, which needed immediate attention, was taken care of FIRST and then we did the paperwork.  This means that they had a greater interest in me than over "following the system."  Great job Allison and James.
4	The individuals at fastmed are wonderful. I made an appointment using there appt. app got in quickly. Thanks for caring
5	I made my appointment online and printed out the check in confirmation- super fast & easy. In 45 minutes total, I was able to get paperwork done, have vitals taken, evaluated by PA, given a strep test, AND they even filled my script right there for the antibiotics for only $5!!!! I was in and out in less than an hour and everyone was so nice and warm. Do not go anywhere else!!
5	As I'm sitting here waiting for my prescription I couldn't be more pleased. Very warm kind hearted staff. I'm in and out in no more than 30 minutes. Impeccably clean establishment. Overall great experience besides the being sick part.
5	Can't speak highly enough of this place. I was a new patient, UTTERLY MISERABLE, with strep throat that had gone undiagnosed and untreated since Tuesday (it's now Friday). Probably a bit of a mess and I cried talking to the doctor because I feel so miserable and was so frustrated with the "care" I received at Cigna. Staff here was empathetic and helped me be seen quickly, sent my scripts over to my pharmacy of choice before I even left, and were friendly, caring and understanding. Less than an hour after I left my house I'm back home with my prescriptions and so relieved I saw a doctor who would listen to me. I will never go to another clinic/Urgent Care again. This place is it!!! Thank you so much!!!!
5	Not a very long wait, very nice staff & doctor. Building was clean and welcoming. Overall a welcoming experience. Urgent Care is usually for those who cannot wait another minute to be seen & helped so a welcoming environment and a kind staff is very important. Hoping for location a bit closer to home. This was a bit further than I would like.
