4	Regency Auto Spa is a great little car wash just across the street from UNLV. Most of the people that use them are either UNLV students or local limo drivers from around town. They do an awesome job for the price, so stop in and check them out. :TIP: Inquire about any specials they have. I usually get a wash and wax for about $30-35. Can't beat that price! Many times, I will leave my car there to get waxed while I head across the street to go to class. Keep it going Regency!
5	My absolute favorite car wash here in Las Vegas! (I should just leave it at that, but I won't, haha!)Outstanding customer service and excellent services provided for under $20! Most car washes here in Las Vegas charge you a bunch; more then $20, I know! But Regency Auto Spa has been consistent and exceeds my expectations every single time. When I lived in the area, I stumbled across while driving on Maryland Parkway. As I ways do, I keep my eyes peeled for local stores that might be the gateway to something very interesting and unique. Just behind a Coffee Bean, I spotted Regency on my way to Church and I decided to have my car washed. After many times of coming here, I've grown accustomed to what makes the servicing process go faster: clean the junk out of your car before hand, throw whatever clothes you wore from the weekend in your trunk, and put away or keep your valuables with you.Once you've dropped your car off, they'll vacuum the carpet in your car as well as the floor mats, they'll throw your trash out, and place whatever they find between your seats on the backseat! LOL If I've ever lost anything in my car, these guys find it and put it in plain sight for me to see when I get right back I'm to drive away! They've found combs, a couple bucks in change, pens, etc.I recommend the wash that cleans the inside and outside with tire dressing. It's under $20 and they do a really good job of wiping it dry and cleaning up your tires real good! After you pay, the attendant will give you your choice of air freshner. I'm a cherry scent myself ;) If you keep your receipts, after 6 washes, you get one for free. They also hold the policy of 24 hour rain meaning if it rains within 24 hours of tour last car wash, they'll re-wash your car for free! It'd really be lame if it rained the hour after the 24 but I would just check with the clerk anyway. Their staff is soo nice, they'll probably make an exception for you! I'm telling you, there's nothing like driving around town in a freshly washed car. Regency makes it feel like you're rollin' in a hundred bucks!
5	Great car wash. I come here all the time. The guys here are fast, they do a fret job, and theres an indoor waiting area for you on hot days.
5	Regency Auto Spa is one of the best car washes in the area (if not the best). Located right next to UNLV, these guys do a terrific job at a fast + efficient wash. There is a waiting area inside and they even have massage chairs! I get my exterior of the car washed about 2-3 times a month since I own a black exterior car which needs to be maintained regularly.If you get another wash within one week, I believe it's 50% off but I never tried it yet.
5	Hand car wash. Good quality, fast and inexpensive. What's not to like?
5	I have to say.. I was impressed with the level of service and detail they did on my Saleen. She was sparkling and looked new.. I was pumped.. $16.. with hand toweled and inside cleaned.. vacuumed.. windows.. everything.. and a nice little air freshener to boot! Love this place
5	I always knew Recency was a good car wash but now I can honestly say they are a GREAT car wash! I had run over a can of paint that fell on the street from someone's truck. I couldn't get to the car wash for two days My blue CX7 had white paint all over the tires and under carriage and drivers side. Mario assured me they could remove the paint. They waxed and detailed my car in three hours. True to their word, they did an awesome job! The price was reasonable and even accepted a coupon I presented. They were more than happy to make sure I drove away happy. I will never go to another car wash again other than Regency.Thanks guys, your simply the BEST!
4	I had a very dirty car and so I had them include the waxing in an attempt to get areas that normally would not be gotten.  In general the work was ok.  They had missed a few areas inside that I think could be easily seen, also a few on the out side that I was able to rub off with my finger, actually thought the waxing part should have gotten those areas.  Pricing was right, and it was done quickly, I will go back there
5	I did just the exterior wash and was very happy with the great job and for only $8.95!
5	AMAZING!  Best in town.  BEST WASH EVER.  Touchless, high pressure hand wash.  A dozen guys in total almost cleaning well and fast.  You'll be AMAZED.  At least try it once.  TIP THESE GUYS.  They are worth it!
5	Very friendly and hard working people here. I will bring my car back here anytime I'm in driving into Vegas. They treat your vehicle like it's first class not some $10.00 drive through car wash.
1	I was very disappointed. I arrived about 2 hours before they closed and was told they needed at least four hours to shampoo the interior of my Suburban. So I said no problem, I had just bought the car the day before and the inside was filthy, since they didn't have time to shampoo  could they do a very thorough vacuuming and scrub down the inside very well. It was getting ready to rain so I told them not to worry about the outside. I got my Suburban back and the outside was clean but they half assed the interior, which was the only thing I cared about. There were still sunflower seed shells in the dash, sticky stuff all over the vents, and trash in the console. $65 wasted!
5	Super wonderful people here.  Always helpful and always willing to go to the next level to make sure your vehicle is spic and span!
4	After so many trips back and forth to Phoenix, for the move to Vegas, my car was pretty dang filthy and needed some much needed attention. I ended up choosing the best car wash as well as the hand wax. While it took around 40 minutes let me tell you that what they did was so worth the wait. My car looked new again and smelled so good inside I wanted to curl up on the back seat and let the cleanliness of my car envelope me. Yes, I love a clean car! Is it me or does your seem to even run better after a good car wash? I know if my car had a mouth she would be smiling. I love you Regency!
4	the only place i will take my car out here!  quick and always clean!  lunch break time tends to get really crowded, so if i cant make it there before 12:30, i dont even bother!  but the service is always great!
5	I love this place.  The workers here have always been friendly to me.  Every vehicle is hand washed, with extra care.  When you wait, if the shoe shine man is in, you can get your kicks shined or you can put a few dollars in the massage chairs.  Thats usually my choice.  I have done a few services at Regency and they have always met up to my expectations.  On average its a $15 wash for vacuuming/interior wipe down, extra fees for tire shine.  Or for $9 you can get just an exterior wash.  BUT please, don't forget to tip them for their hard work.  Rain or shine, these guys take care of you and your car.
4	There's nothing that makes a gal smile like a clean car!Regency does a really good job getting your ride nice and clean. They hand wash your car here so you won't have to worry about mysterious scratch marks that show up on your car if you were to go elsewhere. They wipe down everything so clean on the inside, too. No cutting corners here. The best part is that they're extremely efficient. You're in an out in less than half an hour for a basic interior/exterior car wash. They throw in a free air freshener as well with a full car wash. Lots of different smells to choose from. I always get the pina colada because I feel like I always have a party in my car! If you're a UNLV student, make sure you flash your student ID because they give you 10% off of their services! I'm not sure if they do this anymore, but if you save receipts from 5 visits (at least I think it's 5), they'll throw in a free wash. Their price has gone up a little over the last few years. But their prices are still competitive with other car wash places. I will say though, you can't beat the service and the quality here!
3	Ok, so I normally go to Alamos Hand Car Wash every week, but this week I wanted to try another spot to compare. And...I have to say...this place is pretty good in my book. The prices are fair, the service is good, and the quality of the washes are great. It is sorta in a weird spot, being across from the college, all I saw were college kids cutting through the parking lot, and to pull out of the lot is a nightmare with all the crosswalks and cars...but that has nothing to do with Regency...just a mini rant on my part. Anywho, like I said, this is a great place if you live in the area, or are just looking for a fantastic car wash. I do have two lil mini gripes......1.) Whatever interior spray on the inside surfaces, SUCKS. I had shiny glossy surfaces when I pulled up..and when I got my car back..it was all wiped off and replaced with this dull, no shine spray. 2.) I notice that the way to know that your car is ready, is that they wave a towel in the air by your car, or blow the car horn like a maniac. I don't necessarily like that. Why have seating on the inside, if I have to be outside to even know that my car was ready. The staff didn't even inform me that was how I would know my car was ready. Maybe they are used to regulars coming there that know the procedure....Iunno.\But all in all...I was very pleased with my car afterwards, they did an amazing job, and I will split my weekly car washes between this place and Alamos...depending on what side of the city I am on at the time lol.
5	IMO the best car wash in town.  They do an excellent job on all my cars.  Had a car detailed there once , fantastic job.
4	A pretty decent car wash place. Much better  and more consistent in terms of quality than Terrible's. A star off from me because it feels like they are always rushing through and there isn't shade for your car to be in after getting out of the exterior wash. Otherwise, it is much better than its surrounding car washes in my opinion.  If you go to UNLV and needs your car washed because it is too embarrassing to be parked anyone then don't hesitate, go to this place and get your car cleaned. You get I believe 10% off by showing your ID and your 10th is free. Look for coupon from Unlv, you'll save the tip money.
5	I've been coming to this place since I started college and still keep coming back. If you're a UNLV student, just show your Rebel card and you get 10% off. I love the free air freshener that they give out as well. This place gets a 5 star for their service!
5	I can't believe after living in Vegas for almost 2 years, I have never written a review for this place! With the amount of wind and dust blowing around in this city I try every excuse to get out of getting a car wash. After all, I'm sitting on the inside of my car, right? Well, my mom was coming into town so I couldn't weasel out of not getting a car wash. We are in October and my last car wash was in July (oops!). Truthfully, I had no faith in Regency for my car to come out clean and boy, they sure proved me wrong. I picked my mom up from the airport the same day and even she said she didn't know my car could be that shiny or clean! I think I might start finding reasons to get my car washed now :)
5	The crew at Regency aways provide excellent service when hand washing and drying my car.  It takes a little extea time but it is well worth it.
4	This is the best car wash in town.  They do a great job and take the extra time to wipe your car throughly.   The only downside is its popularity.   Expect to wait 20 minutes +.  They are always busy.
4	I'm the worst car parent ever.Between a job that requires me to commute quite a bit and running a side business, I spend a lot of time in my car.  I usually have the pile of crumbs and Starbucks rubble in the passenger seat to prove it.With my car being due for an oil change, I knew that I had to get my car clean in order to avoid the eyes of judgment from the service department at my dealership.  I decided to give Regency Auto Spa a try.  I was in love for the following reasons:1) I strongly dislike having to drive my car on to the conveyor device at the car wash.  I always feel as if I am going to miss, accidentally steer, or take my car out of neutral.  At Regency, they take the car through the wash tunnel for you, eliminating this anxiety.2) For $35 I received an exterior wash, waxing, and an interior cleaning that was comparable to the detailing job I paid $75 for at another car wash that I shall not name.  My car went from looking like a landfill to showroom floor quality!3) The staff was friendly and the wait was quick.The only thing keeping me from giving Regency Auto Spa five stars are their limited hours.  They are only open until 5:00 during the week.
5	This place is the best. Been coming here for 8 yrs now. Never had an issue. Friendly staff and great prices.
5	I took my car in for a detail and the battery died during the wash. Mario, one of the attendants was kind enough to push it out if the way in order to jump it. When we tried to pop the hood, the latch was broken so he took 20 minutes to fix it for me. I don't know what I would have done if he hadn't offered his help, and it probably would have costed me a good chunk of change. Besides that little fiasco, they did an exceptional job on the car, looks good as new! Lesson learned: if you have a problem with your car, take it to regency car was and ask for Mario before you go see your mechanic.
3	This place is so-so. On one hand, I get my UNLV Rebel Discount. On the other hand, they never clean my rear view mirror right, the smudges are obvious! The last time that they did it, my rear view mirror was dangerous when you get some tailgating idiot with those ghetto HID Xenon bulbs installed in a halogen housing, where all the glare is scattered in all directions. Got into some road rage incidents because of the badly wiped mirror, I began to brake-check Hummers, Pickup Trucks, and Honda Civics with those piece of shit HIDs installed incorrectly because they were tailgating me. When it comes to the exterior of my car, yes they are great. But thats where it ends.Occasionally, my A/C button gets stuck. I don't know what they did to my button, but when I push it in, or turn it off, it takes like two entire minutes before the button goes all the way out and lets my A/C disengage.
2	Before you continue to read please note this:1. I am only giving the two stars based on the experience I've had talking with the owner's"Brother". Which Is later on in the review. 2. I would give this a 5 star review if it weren't for the customer service and the damage.ANGRY RANT AHEAD       D:I decided my new car needed some much needed love, so I took it to this car wash. I wanted to take it to a hand-wash car wash in fear of the automatic ones chipping and giving me other cars' paint. So it's a beautiful day the sun is out and the birds are chirping. I decided to get the $14.99 package since I was unfamiliar with this car wash. Get it paid inside and decided to sit next to the window to watch my baby get scrubbed down. From my POV they didn't do a bad job, it looked amazing. Again from my POV which would be the driver side. I decided to step outside for some fresh air before my car gets wiped in front of the store. Before the car is washed It is passed though a blow-dryer. Sitting down out of view of my car I heard some questionable sounds coming from where my car is getting wiped down? I'm not sure what they were doing but some clattering came from the direction on my car. AGAIN out of view from the whole scene. Unaware of what just happen I saw my car drive out in front of the store to get wiped down.  A few spot were missed on the other side of the car.   I drove of the parking lot all happy my baby got "washed". I arrived to pick up some food from the store and went out to further inspect my car. !!!A DENNNTTT!!!!!!! AGHAHHAHAH. I was upset I didn't know how to react It was just utter shock. I would have went back if I didn't have to pick my dad up and drop off my mother. FAST FORWARD....... NEXT DAYI decided to call Regency auto spy to file a report on what happen to my car. Man told me to call back in the morning to reach the owner. (next day) I call to who I thought was the owner and told him about what happen. I could understand his tone wasn't to pleased with me. I would be doubtful to if a person called and said " It happen 2 days ago, and I waited to report it now." I wanted to drive down there multiple times but couldn't due to school. So he jotted down my name and phone number and told me he would call me back. I waited patently for 2 days before calling back. I called during the morning where the owner is supposed to be present. I called twice on my phone and didn't get a answer. I decided to call on my friends phone and the same man,owner,person picked up. Again I told him I called and it was like he had forgotten he had talked to me.Told him they're cameras pointing to the place where I believe it happen.Then he again took my info and hung up. This was two days ago now. I now feel like giving up because they are really bad at getting back with customers. The customer service is really bad. I can understand you may forget the first time but two times and I told you what happen to my car twice. Obviously no F**Ks were given to my case of what happen to my car. The car wash was great every thing was great. Just train your employees to be more careful, respectful and honest. I wasted $15 plus tip for something that's going to cost me at least $300 in damages. If your looking for a quick car wash just take it to a dang auto wash or wash it at home. Also, inside my car I am missing a button that goes to my dashboard. Maybe they are collecting pieces from cars and selling them?-Chau
1	Based on the reviews I've seen,I'm convinced I should give regency spa a try. Their wash was pretty decent,missed a lot of spot under the bumper and tire area but it's decent. I ordered them to hand wax it but missed many area where it had excess wax. The worst part of this establishment is their customer service. They left a huge stain on my seat claiming that it was windex that spilled,so they wiped it down with some solution and sent me off. An hour later the stain got bigger,I called them and Rico said he didn't know what to do about it,so I drove back to the spa and they recleaned it then the same thing happened,I called the manager and said to bring it in by Friday because that's when he will be present. It's Friday now gave him a call and asked if he was available ? He responded he has to leave in 10 minutes so if you can't make it that would be terrific. I was pretty shocked that they would give me the run around. So all and all it became the worst experience I had here. This place is only good for a simple regular wash,but anything more comprehensive than that, is an enormous risk.
5	Don't even live in Vegas and this is one of my favorite car washes.From a facility standpoint, the place is pretty run down and you won't find all the bells and whistles of some of the shops I've been too on my travels around the country. However, that usually goes hand in hand with the quality.... or at least the quality for the price as you really don't want to be paying for a painter to come in weekly.I stopped in for the first time because, after a couple weeks of trekking through national parks, my car was beyond dirty inside and out. Picked one of the higher end wash packages but still nothing near a detailing (I wanted the inside to shine for me but knew the outside would get destroyed quickly as I was headed to Utah) and yet they took a ton of time, got far into some of the built up dirt and were damn quick about it.And oh, if you've got dress shoes, bring them on by for a cleaning. The shoe-shine guy there is an amazing person to talk too (unfortunately he could do not much with hiking boots).
5	I was introduced to this car wash 7 years ago when I first moved to Vegas, I have not gone elsewhere since. Even after I moved to LA, I still waited to get my car detailed when I would visit Vegas. I have had a few different services, every time I go I get the terrific car wash package. It costs 24$ and with tip you're still at or under 30$(depending on how well you tip of course). They will shampoo all carpets and seats for an extra 15$, I think that's an amazing deal; I rarely need to have my car shampooed, but when I did they got out all of the makeup stains. A few years back I traded in a car, I brought it by the auto spa prior to heading to the dealer, I had the works done; I know they say it doesn't matter, but I know I got way more for my car than I would have if I didn't take it in. I will forever recommend this auto spa, they are proficient, nice, helpful, and meticulous. I have never had a complaint with the service, they even have a show shine if you need to get just as spruced up as your car.
4	I like this car wash. They do a nice job whenever I go and their prices are good. Plus their website has a $2 off coupon that they let you use if you print it out! They spend A LOT of time on your car so make sure you set aside a good 20-30 minutes before going here- but that's what I like about this place, they do a really great and thorough job. I would recommend this car wash to a friend.
1	Stay away from this cheesy service,  when you ask for "basic wash" they will not verify which wash you want but stick you with their premium Interior and Exterior wash.  None of their labeled washes use "Basic" so the attendant should have verify which wash  and not stick you automatically with their "Value Meal".  Their manager wouldn't agree and said Basic Wash means "Interior and Exterior".  His IQ is probably close to 0.
4	Yep, I take the 75 vet here for a bath. They do a great job, and the price is right. It is not the newest car wash, but they do a great job, I'm a fan.
5	Great location and pricing! $14.99 for an exterior/interior wash. They dry by hand, so no streaks! Well worth it. You get a free air freshener with purchase, just ask for it!
5	Very nice service. I'm very precise about my car and these guys cleaned my car exactly the way I wanted and the best part is without my directions.
5	Last week I bought a 10 pack of Terrific car washes for $159, more than $80 cheaper than buying them individually and they don't charge more for my SUV or my car when it's caked with dirt.  These guys are super fast and the best in the business.
5	After driving through a bug storm my trip resulted in bug brains all over my car. I was hesitant about taking it to just any car wash since I'm used to my car being spoiled by my regular detailer. But trusty old yelp saved the day and I opted for a hand car wash and wax here because of all the great reviews.  Long story short my car looks immaculate! Though the interior was pretty basic, I am very pleased and impressed with the overall outcome! Great service and value!
4	I've been here probably 100 times in my 18 years in Vegas.  Never a disappointment.  Place is well priced ($20 for an inside out clean with tire shine) and my car is black and they make it look good.There is a gentleman inside most of the time who is a shoe shiner.  His name is Clarence and he is a master craftsman at shining.  Shoes look great and he is fun to talk with.  HIGHLY Recommend him and the car washNo machines in side the wash bay, dudes emerge with giant sheepskin mitts to clean your car.  I've seen lots of really fancy cars here too.Sign up for their email club and get one email a month with a $5 off coupon you can use time and time again
1	The the guy directing traffic of which lane to pull in got pissed off because I didn't know what lane his brain was thinking ... Then I come to the counter to pay and the guy runs my card as debit and gets mad cause I wanted credit and he didn't even ask me ! They are expensive and super rude will never come here again !!!!!
5	Getting the daughters car shampooed (and mine washed), let's see how they do. It's a Honda Fit and it runs $55 for wash and shampoo (just the seats)****** UPDATE: amazing job! Worth every penny. The wait was well over an hour but these guys are putting in some serious elbow grease. I live in Henderson and its def worth the trip. The staff is friendly and be sure to get on the email list. This is the best car wash I have ever been too. I would give it 6 stars if I could.
3	Three stars, -1 for cashier problems. -1 for not letting me know my car was done. The over all cleaning was "ok" just as expected.  Minor issues with service and cleaning.
4	I'm not a car wash snob. My truck, who I refer to as Blue, is lucky if he gets a quarterly clean. Trucks aren't meant to be clean. Don't get me wrong, inside, it's picked up. I'm not a pig y'know. But outside, a man's truck doesn't need to be THAT clean, in fact a little dirt gives you a little more street cred...That is until your boss is coming into town from out of town. In this instance I went to Regency Auto Spa, located just a few miles from my office, and I got ol' Blue the cleaning he deserved. I can't say there is a big difference here vs. Terribles, which is where I normally go in the rare occasion that I get Blue washed. On this trip I got the wash that included tire dressing. The team that washed and dried Blue did a great job, paid a lot of attention to detail, and was able to get me in and out of there pretty quickly. I loved the inside area of the car wash, it was a total throw back to 1985 with a few vintage video games and that total old school feel. Not sure why I liked it, since there wasn't much going on. Think I may have been having flashbacks to when I was a kid and every week my Dad would take me to the car was with him and buy me a pack of junior mints (great candy). Definitely would recommend Regency Auto Spa for your car washing needs!
5	We took our car in after several rain storms and a long drive to Vegas. It was very dirty. We did the full service wash for $16.95 (they have a $2 off coupon on their website) so it was $14.95. They did a great job vacuuming and washing the car. It came out looking great and they spent a good amount of time drying and wiping the door jams and interior. Very happy with the result and price. Will go again next time we are in town.
