2	I've been to this office about 4 times and only once have I gotten in at my scheduled appointment time. I understand having to wait an extra 10-20 minutes, but I waited an hour past my appointment time before even being taken back to the exam room. I had to go to the front desk and ask them how much longer it would be...they never even apologized. About the doc: She completely wrote off my issue as 'normal' (excessive hair loss). At first I was comforted...then I realized that she hadn't asked me any questions or even looked at my scalp to make sure I didn't have some kind of fungus or obvious reason for the hair loss! I went in soon after and advised that I hadn't had my cycle in months. Again, she brushed me off. Then I realized that a competent doctor would have at least ordered a pregnancy test for the missed periods. Also, as a lay person I can reasonably deduce that missed periods and hair loss might be linked and could be symptoms of something more serious! When I went to another doctor for a second opinion she immediately ordered lab tests and an ultrasound. My boyfriend also went to see Dr. Briones to have moles removed. She butchered his moles, belched in his face, and almost removed the wrong mole...whoops! If you have something like strep where Briones can take one look and prescribe antibiotics --- then go for it. If you want comprehensive medical treatment and an accurate diagnosis...steer clear of Briones!
5	I love Dr Briones!  Love her office.  Used to be with an office in Scottsdale when I worked up there.  They were awful.   She listens to you, spends time with you, she is great.  I am SO happy I made the switch to her office.  Everyone is so friendly too.Dr. Brione is the best Dr. I have had in 10 years.  Patty V.
5	Dr. Briones is great! She is kind, thoughtful, insightful and caring. I am lucky to have found her as my primary care physician through Banner Health.  The staff is great too. Very friendly and helpful. The facility is clean and welcoming.
