4	Recently opened, Tha Last Word is a rather spacious and comfortable store in the shops behind IHOP and Walgreens at the corner of Harris Blvd. and North Tryon, across from the hospital and University Place. If you're familiar with this strip, it's to the right of Maggie Moo's and the Thai restaurant on the ground level, tucked in the corner next to GNC.If you are an avid reader, game player, movie watcher, or music listener, you should visit this shop. They specialize in buying and selling used media (books, games and game players, DVDs, VHS tapes, vinyl record albums, and CDs). My boys and I were headed to eat lunch at Qdoba's, when we spotted this place. Curious about the name, I suggested we check it out. A sign outside mentioned that they offered 10% discounts for customers of several other restaurants, so we went to Jimmy John's for lunch, instead, and returned with our receipt. I looked for used music, while the twins looked for games. I quickly found a couple of discs I would gladly pay $4 and $5 for. I noticed that CD prices are low, generally between $4 and $8 for most titles, with a few important or popular works selling for more.Meanwhile, my boys found several used game systems, and had an idea. They had a couple of older game systems at home, a Sega Genesis and a Super Nintendo, and decided they could part with the Sega and all its cartridges. We went back later, Sega Genesis and games in hand, and they gave us a decent trade in value for it, considering it was a hand-me-down to us from some old friends who bought it new in the nineties!The boys spent their cash from the Genesis and some savings on a Nintendo Game Cube and three cartridges with four games they had never played. So they're happy, and someone else will be happy with our old system, as it still worked perfectly.While you're waiting for companions to shop or make up their minds, you can use the shop's Keurig coffee maker for a nominal fee, and relax while you browse or wait. They have several chairs, tables, and couches to hang out on.I love places like this, because they allow you to recover a little of your original purchase price for media and recycle it into someone else's used media that you haven't seen. It's a great way to clean off your bookshelves or clean out your media cabinet, while refreshing it with new things to watch, play, hear, and read. Finally, there's a clean, well-lit place to buy used media in the University area!
5	I stumbled upon this little place last weekend. Seeing as how it's a retail establishment for used media, I am not going to judge the place based on the selection of material available. There was a reasonable amount of inventory for any given taste. Language Instruction books are my guilty pleasure and I was able to find some variety that I haven't seen an any bookstore before. I feel that The Last Word offers a nice bit of flavor to this already diverse area ("chainy" or not). The decor was simple, but fun and functional and the staff was friendly and totally down-to-earth. Also, it was great to see local artists get attention. As I said to the lady who was ringing me up  "it makes me hate living up here a little bit less". I will be sure to stop by often to see what's new and catch some local talent in action.
4	Bright lights, wide rows with sections clearly marked, comfy chairs, friendly book people, those are not the usual characteristics of a used bookstore. Usually you get the old lady trolls at the used bookstores. All walks of life were in there-youngster UNCC kids making out (because nothing says romance like the true crime section), families, elderly, creepers, normal people (me), you got it all. I dropped off my books and dvd's to sell and they told me 30 mins which somehow turned into over an hour so I wasn't a happy gal. I am impatient however if you give me a realistic time frame, I am down with that and know how long I will have to wait. Turns out they wanted to buy some stuff from me and how it works is you get double in store credit than you would for cash. So I could get either $20 in credit or $10 cash. Duh, I'm getting credit. And while waiting super long I found out if you go to others businesses in that shopping center and bring in your receipt, you can get 10% off your purchase at the Last Word. And they have a trivia question of the day so put your thinking caps on if you're going to buy something! Even though they scammed me on time I will never get back, I still dig this place. If you're gonna go, go on friday--there is free coffee!Now my question is-is there also a Christmas tree in the men's bathroom like there is in the women's or is there a menorah??
5	This store is great! The people are very helpful and their books are affordable. I bought 3 best selling author books  for under 10 dollars!! :) Go and discover it!
4	We dig this place. I've traded in books and CDs and come home with good stuff.My only grumble is that they don't have the crafting books I'd like to get. Not their fault, I know. My wish is that someone who hates crafting will get lots of them for Christmas and trade them at the Last Word so I can buy them in January.Super plus for their location. We like to go when we're hungry so we can eat after.
1	There is ample room, with lots of places to sit. The decor is simple, and, although not striking, it is not unattractive. The staff is friendly and the place is not crowded. However, no place is better than the merchandise it has available.The prices are flea market competitive, but so is the inventory. I went in there once a few months ago when I had about fifteen minutes to kill before a job interview, and I found the atmosphere appealing. I went back recently with the intention of selling some CDs and books, but decided to take a good look around the place before carting in all my merchandise.Surprise! This place has practically nothing to sell. Sure, the merchandise is cheap, but unless you are just looking for a best-seller for the near past, a CD from a second rate musician, etc, you are unlikely to find what you want. When I brought a handful of pieces in, they wanted me to leave these for them to view and price later.But their policy is that if you leave the merchandise, you are accepting whatever they are willing to pay you. Thus, the shelves are full of the kind of merchandise the prior owners didn't care to just leave behind.Someone like me, who has thousands of nice books in a variety of subjects, has no use for this place. I am not looking for a cheap novel to read or anything like that. My friends who are into books, likewise, have no reason to come to this place. They also have no antiguarian section. I simply cannot imagine a bookstore without a half dozen bookcases with glass doors, crowded with unique, rare and collectible books. I can't sell to them because they are unwilling to pay. I can't buy from them because they have nothing to sell me.
4	Favorite bookstore in Charlotte area. Yes the selection is hit and miss but the $'s are fair and their buy-back system is great. Friendly staff, well lit, always good music on the PA and they give an extra 10% off if you show them an IHOP receipt or recent report card.
5	This is one of my favorite used book stores in Charlotte.  The staff is always super helpful, prices are great, and the selection is wonderful.  I have bought everything from Tom Clancy books to a cookbook by Gordon Ramsay, and everything in between.  Recently, they also offered a groupon, $40 worth of material for $20.  If you are looking for a great deal, stop in.
5	Man, what a find this place is. If you like movies, music, books, or video games...and like savings, then you owe it to yourself to check The Last Word out. It's kind of like going to an indoor flea market, but in a much more comfortable environment.The Last Word is located in a strip mall, and the parking lot is a nightmare to navigate. Once you make your way over to the store and enter it's doors, all your dreams can come true. The place is bright and gigantic, and they have tons of DVDs and books, as well as a decent selection of CDs, vinyl albums, video games, board games and comic books. The store layout makes it pretty easy to navigate, and thankfully everything is pretty well organized and alphabatized, making looking for that one movie or your favorite author not such a harrowing task. I also loved that the employees weren't wandering the aisles hassling you as you shopped, but were readily available at the checkout table if you had questions or needed some other help.The other good thing about The Last Word are the prices. I don't think I saw one item that I felt was overpriced, and most things seemed either right where they should be or ridiculously cheap. I picked up a couple of CDs that cost me either $1 or $4 each, and the missus got some vinyl records that were $3 (though she did also pick up an Elvis record for $9, but I guess the King comes with his price.) I perused the video games and while the selection wasn't anything super fantastic, the prices were right where they should be and definitely puts Game Stop and other used video game retailers to shame. The other nifty video game aspect was that they had a solid selection of older consoles. If I had an extra $50 to blow I might have went for that old school NES!!!The reason the prices are so cheap is because most (if not everything) they sell is used/ second-hand. You can waltz in there Tuesday through Sunday and sell off your old crud you have cluttering up your house. We stopped in at the window first thing and dropped off a box of old books and then went browsing while they processed our order. When it was done we went back, accepted the prices they gave us (which I felt were pretty fair) and then used that credit to pick up some new stuff (if you want they will pay you in cash, but it won't be as much.) They open a "customer account" for you so any credit you have but don't use up will be sitting there waiting for your next visit. My only complaint was that the credit couldn't be used for video games, otherwise the whole deal is very well worth the time.The Last Word is a great concept for a store. You go in, drop a ton of your old junk off, and use the credit to get newer junk to fill your home with. The ease of unpressured shopping for cool stuff at cheap prices makes this place totally worth the visit. So go do some spring cleaning around your home, sell off that junk and treat yourself to that book or DVD you've always wanted.
4	I love this place! You can almost any book, movie, or magazine here! They also let you sell used items or even local art. The prices are right!
4	They actually BUY your stuff here. And that I'm aware of, it's the first book store I've come across in Charlotte that does so. Most others will take books only for store credit and some won't even do that (i.e. Book Buyers in PM...not sure why everybody is so hyped on that place...)Anyways, not only do they buy but IMO they pay pretty darn well. They'll give you even more in store credit which you will be highly tempted to use to clean them out of hella-cheap books. Not only books, they've got DVD movies and TV show sets, CDs, VHS (wazzat?!), vinyl records, gaming gear from old to newest, tablets, e-readers and portable electronics. On top of all that jazz they also carry Magic The Gathering Cards and have a coffee/tea shop built right in. Also, tons of nifty knick-knack items and a kids books and playing area.The wait can be a bit long when you're selling so it's a good idea to learn the schedule here and get in before the rush. The cool thing is, you can always drop-in, drop-off and grab a bite at one of the nearby restaurants while you wait. Even with my biggest load of books I have never waited more than an hour. And that time made for a perfect nap on one of their comfy couches.
5	Love this place. This was the only place that gave me the best deal on selling my ps2 and ps2, game boy, and games. I buy a lot of my ps3 games from here. Used blue ray's, dvd's, books, cd's, games, and some used electronics in great condition.
1	I would not recommend this place the service was substandard.  Try to sell loads of books 4 out of 70 were chosen and only for store credit worth $6.50 They're only interested in non-fiction and @ low ball you especially w/fiction @ which you get store credit @ the lowest possible. If a little water damage forget it ( thought it was a used book store).
3	Lots of books but the prices are not that good for used books. Good CD selection,  but again, over priced, way over priced for used, you can get some of them new for less. I did find 4 books to get, but I had to stand in a line of 3 people for about 10 min as they went looking for some DVDs.
4	Great selection of used books, magazines and movies! Organized and the prices are pretty good. AND THEY BUY BOOKS TOO!Not easy to find but trust me, it's there.
2	I traded in some bluray movies for store credit and picked out a couple ps3 games and was told I my credit I received wasn't eligible for games, kind of odd when they are both electronic items. Their prices ranged from average to high. They put large stickers on the back of everything that aren't removable and it ruins the packages, especially on bluray slipcovers and steelbooks, sense I'm a collector this makes it hard for me to want to add these to my collection. They need to consider a new system of pricing and inventory that doesn't harm the products.
4	I usually come across a few books that have been on my mind when I come in. They are a little overly picky when it comes to the condition of books when trading it. I'd rather see more good books in poor condition than more bad books in good condition.The coffee area was was added within the last year or two and makes a nice addition. I don't buy movies so I can't comment on those.
5	This place is awesome. With a calming atmosphere where you can buy cheap games, movies, comics and books? Count me in! I get excited every time I come here lol
5	My absolute favorite bookstore! Love that they have used games and DVDs too. The used books are always good quality and there's a great selection. Plus, coffee! What's not to love?
4	My first visit was a quick one; however, it was enough to leave me knowing that I will surely be visiting again soon.  The books that they sell are used but are all in really great condition and priced favorably.  I left with three popular trade paperbacks and spent about fifteen dollars.  It's worth it to note that the spines on the paperbacks I purchased had not even been broken.  I'm guessing that if you take good care of your books, you'll have decent luck selling your items to them.  The Young Adult collection is very impressive.  They also have CDs, records, games and DVDs.  There's a small coffee shop in the back and the music that they play in the store is great!  (They were playing Kishi Bashi while I was there!)
