1	This laundromat is reasonably affordable, has decent, although not great, machines (watch the driers - they randomly bump open and waste your time/money).  The low rating is due to the nastiest woman I've ever had to deal with.It's an older woman who sits in the back and watches and glares at everyone.  She seems to have taken a special dislike to me and has actually reduced me to tears with her sheer unpleasantry and rudeness. I'd seriously dryclean every item I had before I go to this facility again.
5	Mae. Is a saint. If you sat through the bullwonk that she deals with (e.g., customers SLAMMING dryer doors, customers not "HAVING" enough quarters, customers USING TOO MUCH DETERGENT in the WASHER MACHINE), you would "glare" and reduce people to "tears" with "sheer unpleasantry"  and "rudeness" too. This is a laundromat - not your therapist's couch. So toughen up and launder the sass out of your attitude IMMEDIATELY. My experience with the Bloomfield Laundry/Laundromat has been pretty "fulfilling". I try to get there at least once a week - otherwise, I feel a little "soul" lost. While she doesn't carry top of the line equipment you might find in some bullwonk Shady Side laundromat, Bloomfield Laundry/Laundromat is outfitted with 11 top loaders that spin your clothes to a crisp wet clean in under 29 minutes. Why mess with efficiency? It. Works. And it works *** well.The dryers are. Fantastic. One quarter buys you 7 minutes of tumbling set to your temperature wont. These bongos are. Huge. Let me give you a scenario: wash a load of 2 bath towels, a few pairs of jeans, maybe a throw blanket (you know- we are talking real dense fabric here). I wonk you not, just 28 minutes in those dryers and your mamas are gonna be as dry as a Q-tip (i.e., they are really good dryers).Beyond your basic washer-dryer specs, Bloomfield Laundry/Laundromat hosts several large wire laundry carts that make switching loads from washer to dryer a SNAP. And when your clothes are dry, why go home to "fold them"  in front of The Cosby Show when you can use the provided folding stations and zone out to the sound of rolling laundry barrels and people asking for bus fare on the outside sidewalk? Just don't do it. Just fold them there.
3	There's nothing incredibly unique about this laundromat in Bloomfield. The machines are reasonably priced compared to other laundromats in the area, the machines are in relatively good working order, and I've head pretty good experiences from the other people who come in. Though I'm never happy to go to one, I don't have many complaints about this laundromat.
2	This place is nice, if you can get them to stay open until their stated hours on the door. The doors say "Last Load 9:45" but every time I've tried to go there after 8:30, the male attendant says they are closed, and doesn't even look up from his phone.  I'd be ready to rate them 5 stars, because it is pretty clean and the machines always work, but he's a friggin' jagoff.
