1	Im not impressed with their lack of a dedicated customer service rep. The lady that tried to answer the phone several times sounded like she was on a treadmill, and guessing at pricing.
5	My neighbor's darned kids put a hole in my upstairs window with a BB gun, so I needed it replaced asap. I called and they were able to come the next couple days to give an estimate. The price was very reasonable and Gary & Richie did an amazing, clean job in under a hour. Very professional and friendly guys! I highly recommend this company and will definitely use their services again.
3	My son broke the window in his room and I called Cut Rate Glass to get an estimate.  I was surprised when they said they could come out and take a look the same day.  They came out a few hours later and gave me a very reasonable price and said they could come back the next day to install.  They came out the following day and replaced the window.  The caulking around the window was a little messy but nothing major.  Overall I was happy with their fast and inexpensive service.
5	I just had a huge mirror installed in my pilates studio in my home and I couldn't be happier with the price and fit of the mirror. I called about 5 glass and mirror companies in Las Vegas and went with this one only because it was the cheapest price. I measured the nook myself, even though they offered to send someone out to measure it. When the mirror arrived, it was 1/8th of an inch too talk on one end so it couldn't be installed. This was my fault, so they added $50 to my total for a recut. If I were to do it again, I would have saved myself money by having them measure it for me. I did save $25 by paying cash. Those are my only suggestion to potential customers.
5	Excellent job in replacing my broken window in my bedroom. Thanks for the quick service. I would recommend your company to family and friends.
5	Excellent job in replacing my kitchen window I would recommend this company to everyone that is looking for fast and great glass installation
5	Our house was broke into & we needed the window replaced asap, not only was Cut Rate Glas the ONLY place to truly be 24 hours & answered the phone, they were generally concerned. Offered to board the window until our window was ready & put a rush on it being that we had a break in. They lady there checked on the process from beginning to end, they were nothing short of perfect in a terrible situation. I can not thank you enough!!
5	Cut Rate Glass installed a three panel tempered glass shower surround in our master bathroom. We got quotes from three other glass installation shops but elected to work with Cut Rate Glass for several reasons. First, the CRG crew that measured and estimated the job was by far the most thoughtful and knowledgeable we encountered. They took time to explain our options and to make thoughtful recommendations. Then when we got their quote we visited CRG's small showroom as part of our due diligence. The three display shower surrounds we saw had gaps between the doors and the stationary glass sheets of only 1/16 of an inch. We told CRG if they pledged to fabricate our shower surround with gaps between the glass panels and between the glass panels and the walls of less than 1/16 inch we would be interested in doing business with them. They assured us they would exceed our expectations. Lastly, CRG's quote was very competitive. They did a superb job. We couldn't be happier with our new Shower Guard by Guardian glass shower surround.
5	Oustanding customer service.  Solid, courteous and efficient technicians.  And the most reasonable price in town!Just like most of the reviewers here, I called a good number of glass companies in the valley (including Kelly's) but went with my gut and chose Cut Rate Glass and was not disappointed at all.  I called on a Monday, the technicians came to measure later that afternoon and came back on a Wednesday to install the window.  Am a happy camper, not to mention I saved $170!  I have a couple more "glass related" projects at home and Cut Rate will definitely be the company I will be going to!
5	I called a Handyman friend of mine to repair a small window in the back of my house. He said it was vacuum sealed glass and I would need a glazier. He told me he used Cut Rate Glass before and they did the job well. I called and told the lady on the phone the double panned window was about 1 foot by 1 foot. She quoted me a price of around $100. Gary came out that day  (Friday) and the window was more like 1.5 x 1.5 so I figured the price would be higher. He told me he could come back Monday with the glass and it would be $100. He gave me a time window between 1 and 2 pm. He arrived at 1:15 pm and did the job. Thanks so much Gary on a perfect job!
1	I suppose if they show up they do a good job. Unfortunately I will never find out. Scheduled an appointment on a Tuesday for Thursday and they never showed up. No call, no apology, no reschedule. I see that most of the positive reviews are for window replacement, maybe that is the ultimate level of work they are capable of. Like I said I will never know.
