5	good and cheepthis place was where you started a trip to california before there was freeways. it is at what was the western end of phoenix.   monster berger's rulepete's are the few real drive inn left in america take your kids they will love it. off  i 17
2	I had high hopes going in.  I figured local  fish n' chips chain this popular must be good. I had heard stories about their great sauce, and fish. However I was less than impressed.A coworker of mine suggested we go on the way to a meeting. When we pulled up I noticed that the only dining was outdoors, but the place seemed busy which is a must for anything with fish in the name and 100+ degree summers.I ordered a number 3 which was 3 pieces of fish fries and 1 cup of sauce. Yes the menu tells you how much of this mythical sauce each dish comes with. One of the good thing was the price it was about $5 and I got a discount making it about 4.50 for my meal with a cup of water. Note this was cash only.I waited patiently for my food and the pickup window finally called my order number. With great excitement I opened the grease covered bag that my meal sat in to find square shaped pieces of fish. I really was hoping for fish in a more natural shape before it met the hot oily depths of their deep fryer. I then opened up the cup of sauce and to my surprise it is not a tartar style sauce like I assumed it would be. The sauce is a franks red hot sauce with with some ketchup, far from anything special. the one cup of sauce was inadequate for the amount of fish and fries I had. If I wanted more sauce i would have cost me an extra. There are no other condiments available, so if you like ketchup you are out of luck.The batter of my fish was passable it just seemed like a McDonald's fillet o fish sans the bun, cheese and sauce. The fies were thin and a bit underdone. Overall the meal was quite mediocre and I would have enjoyed it more from a chain like Long John Silvers.
2	I was so disappointed in Pete's.Went with a friend to get a variety & share. We had a hard time distinguishing between a few of the items we got until we bit in, & even then we weren't 100% sure which was which.Fish 2 pc $3.70 - Thin with too much batter but a decent flavor. Wouldn't get again.Shrimp 4 pc $3.65 - Was there even a taste to these? Wouldn't get again.Oysters 4 pc $3.65 - Very fishy. There were actually good. I'd get these again. I liked them.Crabettes 4 pc $3.65 - I barely remember these, that's how unimpressed I was. Was this even crab?! Wouldn't get again.Scallops 5 pc $3.85 - Good. Might get these again if I ever went back. My friend liked these.Chips - What word comes to mind? I think gross might describe these.Sauce - It was ketchup! I HATE ketchup. I wanted tarter sauce. This was the biggest disappointment. I was so bummed out.FYI it's cash only.Also, be prepared to be approached by people asking for money or a meal if you go here, even if you're in the drive-through.
1	THE VALLEY HAS GONE/BEED MADAlright folks, as I am sure most of my reviews already spur scorn and outrage to those who read me trashing their favorite establishments, this one cannot be avoided.This place is garbage.  This is not fish and chips and it is an insult to the term "fish and chips" to suggest otherwise.  The "fish" is some hybrid type of fish that I have never known in my thirty one years of seafood eating.  It comes in a weird pocket shape that reminds me of a potato knish from Coney Island(which is phenomenal if you get a chance to try one).  The shrimp appeared to walk through on stilts, but thankfully was surrounded by a sub par and tasteless breading.  What does the valley see in this place? Someone explain it to me because I am truly baffled, this food is just terrible.
1	I hate giving places ratings this low, but I have no choice. We have just recently moved here from Miwaukee, where there are fish frys every Friday. We gave up meat for Lent, and wanted to get some fish, a quick, simple meal that we could take home.  That's where Pete's comes in. The food is disgusting. It's like they have some deal set up with Arpaio where they get expired, frozen prison food so that they can charge the prices that they do ( should have also been my first clue).   EVERYTHING is processed and they use the cheapest quality ingredients.  I saw "crabettes" and thought they might be some type of fritter. It's fried imitation crab sticks. Service was good. It's just the food that is so bad. I understand it is a family business and has been in Phoenix forever, which is super admirable. I would hope that maybe they would just try to re-invent their menu a bit. Fresh seafood for a chain like this is a lot to ask in the desert. I think maybe if they paid an extra .20 per unit, they could get a naturally formed filet of fish. I will definitely not ever go back here
5	I love Pete's. I know, I know - you eat outside, you have to order tartar sauce and they only take cash. I love the food anyway. I've gone to Pete's since I was born. I love the red sauce that comes with the fish - it has a little bite to it. I only wish they would expand north. I'm addicted to Pete's.
3	OK, how do I put this best?I don't go to Taco Bell for Mexican food. I don't go to Subway for a gourmet sandwich.I don't go to Pete's for pub-worthy fish and chips. I go to Pete's because of what it is; cheap, easy and good for what it is. The fish is nowhere near as greasy as many places I have seen it - the bag isn't soaked through by the time I bring it back to work - a huge plus! The sauce is the true star for me, addicting indeed. Like I say, don't go in expecting a gourmet meal of fish and chips, dip everything in sauce, and perhaps you'll be addicted as well!
1	Never again !The fish here is as cheap as you can get, pre-fabricated fish squares that are slightly better than McDonald's filet-o-fish. The shrimp that I ordered were flat, like pounded out flat, who knows what this crap was. The fries  were limp and flavorless. The only thing that made this any better was the "special sauce", which I believe to be hot sauce & ketchup.This place is SUPER cheap and the food reflects why. There is no reason I will ever eat here again, peace out Pete's !
2	It's cheap, processed, nothing facy fish and chips spot. You get what you pay for. That special sauce people rave about, don't be fooled it's nothing spectacular. If I wasn't so broke, I'd eat @ Knock Kneed Lobster
5	The best! Always gotta have extra sauce. 7 piece shrimp everytime...
5	I practically grew up here!!!  I remember Ruth and my Dad loves her.  It is cash only.  They don't take credit cards so hit the ATM before you go.
5	.So happy they opened back up after a fire.  The food here is amazing.  I have tried most of the things on the menu over the years and have NEVER been disappointed.  the other night i got a "daisy dog" which was a corn dog but with the different type of batter!  To sum it up if you want some good food, cheap, with the risk of getting killed in a drive by shooting then this is your place!  i know i will go back soon!!!
1	Horrible. Fish is not seasoned, has zero flavor. the "shrimp" is a joke its like 85% breading. and the fries are basic frozen from your grocers freezer.only an Arizonan who hasn't  been exposed to much outside of the desert would tell you they like this place. your better off at long john silver at least the seafood is recognizable. i will say that the dipping sauce for the fish is great, but as far as the actual food goes this might be the worst resturant I've ever eaten at.
4	If I had to list them in order... 27th Ave location is #1 for service, prep time, and taste.  And, I like the location. What?! You don't?! Apache Rd. is not consistent, sometimes the shrimp is cold, sometimes the fries are cold. Depends on your lucky day. But they are convenient!Now, I just have finish my rounds and visit all the other locations again to complete my rating chart. 5 foam-fishes to the best location!  A Pete's marathon weekend. Anyone want in on this?
5	I love Petes, my husband had his softball practice for his work, and we were hungry afterwards. So we stopped by, i got the #2, 2 fish and i think 7 shrimps and fries and drink...my husband had #1 which was 1 fish and singe shrimp fries and drink...plus my son got the 5 piece chicken from kids...everything was less than 24 dollars.. Now i had only ate a little bit of mine but i ordered the bigger one cause i knew my husband would eat the rest. We all left full...only thing is the parking spots need to be bigger...kinda cramped.
5	Everything you want in a drive-thru fish fry. But a fish fry spot that makes all the other glorious edibles of your southern childhood available as well...awesome-saucesome
4	Pete's is amazing. This is more of a public service announcement than a review. Sorry, Yelp!My husband and I went to lunch at the Pete's Fish and Chips on 27th Avenue and Van Buren in Phoenix. When we walked up to the window, there was an elderly Hispanic man standing next to the window, holding a dollar bill. He appeared to be disabled and had one of those carts with wheels and a seat which he used to walk. He spoke to my husband in Spanish, but he doesn't understand Spanish at all and I didn't understand him because he spoke fairly quickly. My husband ordered our food and we sat down. A young couple was sitting at the table next to us with their small child. The father got up and went to the man. He asked him how he can help. The old man replied, but I could not understand him still. The father then ordered food and paid for it. Meanwhile, a woman who had been sitting with her husband at another table got up and gave the elderly man some cash. He thanked her several times. The young father stood with the old man until his food arrived. He helped him put the food and beverage on his cart and the elderly man covered it with a bath towel. The elderly man went on thanking the young man and (I think) blessing the young child. The father hugged the old man and the family left. The other couple left shortly thereafter. At first, I thought that was such a sweet thing to have happened to this poor, crippled, elderly man and felt it was such a good thing to see people helping someone to obtain a basic necessity.But then...The old man walked down to the light and crossed south across Van Buren and then headed back east toward the bus stop across from Pete's. He met up with two younger men; probably in their late twenties, early thirties. He spoke to them and handed them two plates of food and the drink. (Remember, I witnessed the father buy him ONE plate of food...) They talked for a bit while the young men ate the food. The old man then gave one of them cash and he ran back across Van Buren to the Circle K. He emerged shortly with a bag in his hand and ran back over to the man. He handed the elderly man the bag from which the elderly man took out a large can of beer and started drinking it. The bus arrived and the two young men got on it and left. As of right now, the old man is still across the street drinking his beer. What is left of the food is sitting on a half-wall next to him- he hasn't touched it. I am writing this in hopes that at least one of two things happens: The man can no longer run this scam because people who read this will be aware of it and/or Someone will help him find resources where he can get his needs met another way besides scamming people into feeling bad for him and buying him food out of the kindness of their hearts. Shame on him. Karma is a red-eyed bitch, sir. And she is watching you very closely.
3	I've been going to Pete's for as long as I can remember my dad would always take us there when we were little kids now we're growing up have our own kids and we take our kids we use to go to the original location on Central I used to be really good back then I recently went it doesn't taste the same anymoren. So we go once in awhile when we crave it..
3	Been awhile since I had some fish and chips. This place has been my stopover for some good ol' fish and chips craving. The sauce here really compliments the chips. A fine place for satisfying yourself with good food from Pete's fish & chips.
3	This place is unique but definitely not what you think of when you are thinking about getting fish & chips.  Their "fish" are these smallish rectangle patties that are tasty and have fresh fish meat inside.  The chips aren't the "english style" chips you would think of either, but just standard french fries.Their sauce is very good and they also offer ketchup for your "chips".  This place has a huge following in the Phoenix area because it has been around for so long but quite honestly not really fish & chips per se.
5	I'm not much for an all-fried meal but I had Pete's Fish and Chips the other day for the first time and must say it's not bad. I had the shrimp, fish and Pete's Burger with cheese. The fish was not bad but it was not my favorite. I liked the shrimp and burger better. Also, the fries were so yummy when I first got them! Definitely would pick this over McDonald's down the street for any cheat day.
2	I must have a foggy college memory because this food simply is not as good as I thought it was when I went to Arizona State.  The fries were bland and tasteless, the shrimp was....I don't even know, and the fish is very much akin to what you would find between two buns and slathered in tartar sauce at a certain drive through with Golden Arches.And how do people think this is cheap?!  I ordered a kids meal, an adult meal, and an order of chicken tenders to the tune of $19.  That is not cheap!The only joy I found in the bland food is the sauce.  It's apparently a specialty that is only available there.  The sauce is delish, but the sauce really should not be the only source of flavor in a meal, and that is the biggest problem here,
