4	Best Chinese take out on the south side. We lived on west coast two years and often said we missed the Lotus Cafe. I always order Orange Beef, wife likes General Tao chicken. Noodle dishes also good.
4	Quick friendly service and large portions. Has been a standard for me for the past eight years. Awesome General Tso chicken!
3	It's slightly above average, however I have had a couple bad meals mostly when I order later and for delivery. Other than that, the fact the deliver is a huge plus and like I said- it is above average Chinese food.
2	I normally am very picky about Chinese restaurants and this is not one I would have tried on my own volition.  However, my neighbors love it and suggested we get take-out from here one night.   I  personally found the quality of the food to be lacking...my cashew chicken was sort of greasy and the chicken had a chewy-icky consistency..... but what can you expect when you are paying $7.95 for a dinner entree?   Also, they serve their entrees with fried rice and an egg roll but  I really prefer brown rice and a spring roll.  Next time I am in the mood for Chinese food,  I'll stick to Wan Fu or Jo-Jo China Bistro.
4	We get takeout from Lotus II every week. Their food is consistently great and reasonably priced.  Our favorites include Scallion Chicken and Singapore Noodles.  If you're looking for solidly good Chinese takeout in the Ballantyne area, give them a try...
5	Well we order from this Chinese restaurant whenever I''m at my brothers place in Ballantyne.  I must say the Scallion Chicken is my go to dish here.. tonight I am going out of my comfort zone ordering the Pineapple Chicken. The place is priced just right, it is my favorite Chinese restaurant in Ballantyne next to Pei Wei just this place gives you more food than Pei Wei.  The Pinapple Chicken was very good.. but not better than the scallion chicken.
4	I've ate here several times for lunch and haven't been disappointed yet. Their portions are generous, the fried rice isn't stale, and it's always consistent. My favorites are the broccoli & chicken and crispy scallion chicken lunch combos. Most American Chinese restaurants serve the same dishes, but everyone knows the quality varies. Lotus cafe is one of the better ones.
1	I have ordered from Lotus Cafe at least 10 times in the past year. The food has never been as good as Lotus 2 or Great Wall on Carmel Rd but convenient. Last nights take out made me decided to NEVER go back. The food was super greasy, bland to the point my family hesitated to eat it.  When I called the store, the manager told me "her cooks have been cooking for over 15 years and could not have done anything wrong."  Sorry Lotus Cafe, but what you did do wrong was lose me as a good customer.
1	This place sucks the lady is very rude to me I order a chicken and broccoli dinner and a garlic chicken got home and my garlic chicken order was messed up so I called back to get a correct order and she would argue with me that at all things the lady is racist Asian lady never would eat there ever again and the food was so nasty I would not recommend any body to eat here of I would eat a TV dinner before I eat there again besides the facts this lady and her husband are filthy people they touch money and then touch your food they don't even wash there hands I hope any body who eats here don't get sick
5	this place is fantastic!great portions - great food - great prices!my husband and I are very picky when it comes to chinese food - and this place nailed it. well done!
4	Thumbs up...so far.  We've been looking for a new place to get good/decent "New York" style Chinese takeout since Jo Jo's China Bistro (in Stonecrest) closed.  We've tried several places in the area and have been very disappointed.  This is our 1st go-around with Lotus Cafe and we're very pleased.  As a test, I made a couple of specific requests on the how they prepare the food.  They did what we asked and we got what we wanted.  That's a huge plus.  Being this was our 1st time with Lotus Cafe, we only ordered 3 basic dishes but now we're looking forward to giving this place another try with other dishes and hoping for another positive outcome and a "go to" place for Chinese takeout.
4	Picked up take out from Lotus the other day. Everything we tried was tasty, fresh and didn't leave a weird greasy aftertaste in your mouth like most Chinese take out places. They also deliver and you can order online. This is a plus for us. We've ordered in when we had a pajama day and didn't feel like leaving the house. Everything was delivered hot and quickly! Great little place!
