4	Although this location does take walk-ins, it would behoove you to make an appointment if you would rather not spend an afternoon waiting. Lots of Sun City Westers come here so expect a wait if you didn't make an appointment. The staff is nice. The front desk guy is a bit indifferent but I imagine I would be similar in stature if I had to deal with the elderly all day long. Not to say they don't deserve to be treated well, but I've seen them in action and they can be tiresome at best. The phlebotomists are very proficient. My blood is not easy to draw yet they never have a problem. They are kind, professional, and make the process not so bad. So what did we learn? Make an appointment, be patient with the oldsters, and the process isn't all that bad at this location! :)
4	Holy cow, I only waited a few minutes!  I did have an appt and it was 10:30, but still, this is the first time I've not waited a crazy length of time.  Great staff, knowledgeable and virtually pain free phlebotimists, and clean place!
4	The speed was good.  It won't last though, once the blue-hairs figure it out, they will be here...and it will slow to a crawl. In fact, the day I was here the blue hairs were already in the lobby directing traffic.  In other words, an old lady thought she was the tour guide and was going to tell me how it all works here.  Too funny, I was thinking "Ok, can I just go talk to the actual employee's and get my blood work done so I can go home?"
5	The only thing worse than the fact that you have to get blood drawn is the wait... even if you schedule an appointment!  I am quite sure that the fasting does NOTHING to improve upon my mood, so I will bump them up a star! I did have some issues with my orders... they quickly got my Dr's office on the phone and cleared the problem getting me on with my day!
1	This place is horrible. Went yesterday for a blood test, I didn't have an appointment and there was a long wait. No problem I went home and made an appointment for today. Show up 15 minutes before my appointment time and while I'm waiting in line to sign in, the rude person working as the receptionist yells out that it will be at least an hour and a half wait. No problem I have an appointment. I ask if that is the case if you have an appointment also, she replied yes that even appointments are running way behind. We went to another clinic. This is not the first time I had an issue at this particular clinic.We will not be back.
