5	There are only TWO places in the whole United States where you can actually walk into a Manolo Blahnik store.  This is one of them.There were so many beautiful shoes I could hardly control myself.I didn't make a purchase this day, but for a very good reason.   After walking around Vegas for a few days, ones feet tend to get swollen.  I didn't want to spend that amount of money only to have the shoes not fit properly when I got home.These shoes are so HOT.  Every girl needs a few pair!
5	These are the best shoes on the planet. The man knows how to cut a stiletto- a stiletto that you can probably actually walk in. Your legs will look hot and you won't walk like a baby fawn on drugs. I try to restrain myself on the Blahniks, but it's worth the price to have those perfect evening sandals that work with everything. Price per wear, ladies- price per wear.
5	Head over heels in love with Manolo Blahnik!  This love affair extends to the absolutely magnificent and pleasant, fun and hilarious sales associates at the Manolo Blahnik boutique in The Wynn Esplanade.Jack and Philip are the best!  My best girlfriend and I spent some quality time in here on 2 separate days ... After careful consideration and about a good hard year of longing for this specific pair (she saw them last time we were here in September), she purchased the gorgeous Sedarby D'Orsay Blahniks ... I'm sure Jack had a lot to do with it!  He was awesome to chat and dish with while trying on the wares ... On day 2 in the store, Phillip lured me in with his sparkling eyes and spankin' suit (sadly, he would be more interested in one of my best guy friends ... boo hoo!) ... Now, I was very much tempted with another pair of the delicious Campari's in a gorgeous fire engine red, but I practiced self restraint (only because I just purchased another pair of Louboutin's) and only purchased the Manolo Blahnik candle ... Yep, he makes a candle ... All wrapped up neatly in a signature white Manolo Blahnik box with its own dust bag ... $75 later I'm a very happy little girl!
5	They treated my sister like royalty!  Jack is friendly and wasn't pushy.  My sister walked in with the intention of buying one pair.  She looked at a pair of simple black leather pumps.  My friend and I got her to rethink that and she left with 2 pair of fabulous shoes!  The store is gorgeous and inviting, despite the reputation the brand has for being extravagant and posh.  I could tell it didn't matter who walked through that door, they were treated to the experience of a lifetime!
5	The staff at Manolo Blahnik is fabulous!   They make you feel like you are a complete rockstar!  Manolo Blahnik has become a regular visit for me every time I'm in Vegas.  From the first time going into the store and meeting Phillip (sales associate), I've been in contact with him - either me visiting or Phillip contacting me about new arrivals or sales via email (along with fabulous pictures). I just dropped in this past weekend and picked up the classic slingbacks and once again, everyone that was in the boutique was so pleasant.  If all the stores were like this in LV, I would so have a problem!
5	I have completed my pilgrimage to Manolo Mecca!  This place is awesome.  And the associates are great!I went in just to drool because I usually don't fit most European sized shoes but as soon as I walked in Philip greeted me and even with my doubts about sizes he was willing to take the time to bring me shoes to try on.  And his patience paid off because I bought a pair and that was the pair I liked the most out of 3 pair that fit!They are also having a Sex in the City party tonight at the store and I was invited to attend even though I didn't break the bank on my purchase.  So I can't speak highly enough about this store and the people who work here.
3	Can someone tell me why these are so posh?  Name? Comfort? Style?  Because my opinion only is that they don't look comfortable, and the style is very old looking, not for someone in their 20's.  But maybe I'm wrong, and it I am, for all you lovers, half the store was 50% off as of last week!!
5	Just go and put a pair on and walk around.  Same goes for Jimmy Choo.  These are fantastik shoes, engineered very well for standing/dancing for hours.  They look amazing and are totally unique.  I'm a huge fan of Manolos and Choos!
4	Shock.  Utter shock.  That is how I felt after leaving Manolo Blahnik.  I saw a really cool pair of black snakeskin heels.  Turned them over to see the price.  $4,250.  Whaaaat?  Really?  For one pair of shoes?   Does it come with a warranty?  Like if I break a heel do they replace it for free?  I just cannot fathom the prices of these shoes.Granted the shoes are overpriced, they are also very pretty and very unique.  The staff was friendly.  If I won the lottery, I'd by my shoes here.  Until then....DSW it is.A fun shop to visit if you are staying at or near The Wynn.
2	Eh, basically shoes for old women.  The only reason they're even "famous" is 'cause of Sex and the City... though I did love the knee-length cage boots.Christian Louboutin FTW.
3	one of the nicest boutiques...with a great selection of manolo's.  taking off one star because of the pushy salesperson with a 10 seasons ago prada loafer who tried to make me purchase a pair of sandals that were 1/2 a size too small...
5	Obviously there are a lot of place to purchase MB goodies but this location is my favorite because the staff is incredible. This location has a large inventory of the latest styles as well as the classics. They're fully stocked in all sizes. The staff is super friendly and attentive. Ask Victor, the store manager to add you to his email list to get first look of new styles and sale specials!
4	located in the wynnplus one star...solely for the reason that the annoying sales person mentioned in my previous review was not here...bad/rude/pushy customer service can really ruin a shopping (or dining) experience...thankfully, most of the sales staff are very helpful, attentive, and accommodating...this particular boutique has an amazing and beautifully edited collection of manolos...even carrie doesn't have as many fabulous manolos in her closet...
3	The shoes are out of this world.  Service is totally hit-or-miss.I went in Monday night to check out some shoes for my wedding.  Guy couldn't be bothered to look for sizes in the back - just told me they were out of my size.  Thanks for not checking, asshole.  I took his word for it and left to look for them elsewhere.  Oh yeah, I was the only person in the store.  Over the next 24 hours I go to Neiman, Saks, Barneys, Jimmy Choo (x2), Louboutin, the two other shoe stores at Wynn... no one had those shoes, nor did they have anything else I might like.Wednesday afternoon I go back in to find out the name of the shoe so I can have another store look them up & send them to me.  Very nice, professional sales guy tells me he'll check the back for my size, just in case.  They have it.  I am happy, I buy the shoes.  Btw, this salesman was helping out another woman who had 10+ pairs of shoes (strewn everywhere, of course), and he still made the time to check the back for me.  As I leave, I see Monday Night Asshole return from his lunch break.  Yeah, those are the shoes I bought.  Too bad your lazy ass couldn't be bothered to make a sale.
5	I give this store a 5 because -1. They had a really good sale and in multiple sizes too.2. Their staff, especially Jack, is amazing. He was very helpful and brought out all the sizes imaginable, because I am a typical Manolo with multiple sizes depending on the style.I ended up buying a pair even though I had no room in my suitcase because there were a lot of styles to choose from. For people who like their basics (I am not a fan of them), there was a crazy sale going on for all the basics except black.I would definitely hit up this store again when I go back next.
4	Pretty good selection, many sized carried as well. The service was ok even there there was only one person I saw, and I really couldn't decipher if it was an SA or a customer. Definitely will return because if you're looking for a manolie, you should be able to find it here.
5	The customer service here is top-notch. Jack is the best. He is friendly and very helpful. He made sure I had the right fit.  Before I bought my shoes he informed me that if I waited until the next day to buy them I would get 40% off!! That is amazing for Manolo's. I was so happy that he even bothered to mention it because he very well could have closed the sale that day. So, I went back the next day and purchased my shoes.  I don't even need to say but the shoes are amazing. If you are a shoe lover, be sure to stop by the boutique and maybe pick up a pair or two for yourself. I'll be back in Vegas in a couple weeks and I am definitely going to stop by the store and buy some shoes for my mom and I.
5	every style and almost every size available in 1 place.  Jack provided outstanding service.
4	I have no words.  I only have a giddy grin on my face and visions of pretty heels whirling around my head. (And the staff won't judge you for drooling.)
5	I have treated myself over the past couple of years to several pairs of these.  You can thank Sex in the City for my obsession with these.  I grin from ear to ear everytime I am in.  And even though I am not there all the time or even uber rich, Jack has remembered me and treated me with wonderfully.  He is amazing.  I don't fit the average MB mold and he has never judged or snubbed me.  Very class!
5	I typically can't afford Manolo Blahnik shoes but when they are having a sale, count me in.  I bought a sale pair of shoes right after the store opened in the Wynn Resort a few years ago.  Again they were having a sale recently and I was able to buy another pair.  I was surprised that they had most of the shoes I wanted in my size (9-9 1/2) even though they were sale shoes. The staff was really friendly and helpful.  One of the shoes I wanted was not available so the sales lady brought out another option from the sale.  Of course, I found a pair I wanted!  Can't wait for the next sale.
5	On my recent trip to Vegas, I made sure to carve time to go down to the Wynn to visit the Manolo Blahnik store. Like most other girls my age, I have been lusting for a pair of Manolos since Carrie Bradshaw made them popular on Sex and the City. While you can buy Manolo Blahnik shoes at Neiman Marcus, Saks, and a few other stores, there are only two MB stores in the country - one in New York City and the one at the Wynn.The store is not hard to find - if you get dropped off by a cab at the Wynn, walk toward the Esplanade and make a left when you get to Chanel. The store will be a few down on the left. Hamid was the sales associate working the morning I was there and he was excellent. Exactly what I want in a sales associate - greets me when I enter, lets me walk around the store slowly while deciding which pair of shoes to try on, and then is extremely helpful once I make that all important decision. He really took the time to make sure that the shoes I was going to buy fit properly which I really appreciated.When I left the store I was extremely happy and about $600 poorer thanks to the gorgeous gunmetal heels I bought. I will definitely be visiting this store on a future visit to Vegas!
4	The good news and the bad news... no larger sizes and no wides.Given my propensity to waste money on shoes I might never wear....having big feet it a good thing!
5	JACK!!!!!!!!!!I was in Vegas for the weekend with the bf, and mentioned to him i wanted to stop by the Manolo Blahnik store just to admire the shoe.  The night before we gambled at the Venetian and won enough to purchase the shoe. I walked in the store and saw what I wanted.  Jack, the AMAZING and friendly sales guy smiled and laughed as he knew which ones I was looking for.  The beautiful royal blue hangisi's . . . the one featured in SEX in the CITY movie.  Where Carrie sees Big in the fairytale closet he built her, with the beautiful royal blue manolo shoe in his hand.  Later in the scene, its a Cinderella proposal, as Big uses the manolo as the ring.  Siiiiiiiiiiiggggggggghhhhh.I've wanted that shoe ever since. . . maybe the way she got proposed to but more likely the shoe! hahaI asked Jack if he had my size, as he comes back from checking.  There it is, the white box which contained my dream shoe.I was overwhelmed! Jack said "you can't cry yet!"As I tried on the hangisi, I was in total heaven. I felt this was all a dream! I didn't want to ruin it so i looked over at my bf and looked at jack and said "yes pls!" So he rang up my purchase which came to $1k + I guarded that bag with my life walking around the strip.  These shoes belong in a glass case, to be untouched but admired through.Thanks Jack for being so friendly and fun!
5	Jack is the best! Very professional and respects customers. The whole team at manolo blahnik are incredible, even their manager. Thank you jack for everything! Will definitely come back and buy more pairs!
4	Shoe heaven! Stopped by to see if I could find a nice pair of pumps for a wedding i'm attending early next year. I was able to find an amazing silver pump with crystal embellishments. So happy to hear they had it in my size!! I usually always have issues finding things in my size. The staff was so helpful in my search for the right shoe. I knew I wanted silver so they were nice enough to show me all they had. Kind of wanted them all. They were really patient as I tried them over and over again trying to decide. Will be back for another pair!
