3	If you're in the Pointe and you feel the need for chicken O Bico is an a-ok spot to stop for a bite. You will be disappointed if you set your expectations based on the type of Portuguese chicken that you'd find on the Plateau, this is not Romados.O Bico has some good diversity on the menu which includes Calamari, Chorizo Poutine (what gluttony) and even a Vegetarian Sandwich. I had the vege sandwich and fries which I enjoyed and my friends both had a quarter chicken. We all missed out on the spicy sauce which we didn't see sitting on the counter until it was too late, but I'm sure that this would have improved the chicken a notch. Overall there was nothing to rave about, but certainly nothing to complain about either.I wouldn't make a special out of your way trip to eat here. But, if you're in the hood it is certainly a good spot to stop in to grab an affordable bite to eat. Oh and they have Sumol, a fruit flavoured Portuguese soft drink. be sure to order one with your meal.
4	We live in Pointe St-Charles and each time there is an interesting restaurant opening here it quite a welcome event!O Bico is the first "Portuguese Chicken" in the area and in such a most welcome addition! We watched the place being built during the summer and we wanted to try it since then... well tonight was the night and we decide to opt for the take out, not that the place doesn't look nice, it does, but we felt more like having a meal in the warmth of our home.The staff is very nice and professional. We ordered the whole chicken (available only for take out) that comes with two coleslaw and a choice of two sides (we went with the fries). We were a bit surprised by how generous the portions were (including the chicken which was bigger than usually in portuguese chicken places)! A very good value for the $23 that we paid (including taxes).The chicken itself was very good, maybe not spicy enough for my taste but I should have specified it.All in all, maybe not the best portuguese chicken that I have ever tasted but quite good and certainly the best in the area!
4	It's a portugese 'fast food' restaurant in la Pointe that opened not so long ago, and while they do make amazing portugese chicken, I was really impressed by their pulled pork poutine! The sauce, the way they cooked the meat, the fries...my daughter and I were fighting for the plate we were sharing! When why I put 'fast food' in quotation marks? It's not a fine cuisine portugese restaurant, but it's not a real fast food place: you can stay in the restaurant to eat your meal, or you can choose the take out option.It's also cool to go in a restaurant where the owners are quite friendly and polite. We had a lot of fun during our supper there.
3	We went there on a saturday night for the first time! I was surprised and a bit disapointed because we were the only customers wich means no "ambiance"!But the waiter was simply amazing, funny and professional! the whole place was so neat and pretty!The food was good, but nothing to go crazy about! Maybe more for a fast lunch than a diner! Overall it was good but i can't wait to see this place in summer with the crowd and see how the vibe really !
