5	Lots of cool stuff is marked down here.  I found a few cute pieces here like tank tops and even a cute dress.  I don't come in here looking for anything in particular, so I never know what I'm going to find!  I don't think I've ever paid more than $10 for a piece of clothing here!
4	Good prices on a lot of cool stuff.  .  The sweets and snacks were on sale 3 for 2, bought some Pizza flavored Gamer Grub here and it's great.  Now I don't have to eat all that greasy food whilst I PvP.Great selection of cool stuff and friendly helpful staff.
1	I've never had a bad experience here before but after today, I may not go back. I had one of the $15 cash back things to spend and when I got to the register, the two cashiers were busy talking. When one of them finally noticed me, she told me to go to the other girl. No problem. She took my purchases without talking to me and continued to gossip with the other girl without acknowledging my presence. I heard at least twice in that conversation that she was hoping someone would call to offer her a new job because she was so over this company. Wow, great thing to talk about in front of customers. When she finally did speak to me it was to ask if I had my receipt from the previous purchase when I got the cash back. I told her I wasn't instructed to bring it so no. She rudely told me if I had any other ones they wouldn't accept them because it said on there that I had to bring it. Ok, not a problem, I didn't have any other ones but she really could have been more polite about it. She then no longer spoke to me and practically threw the bag of items at me since I was so obviously getting in the way of her register space. No thank you, nothing. I didn't bother sticking around either since I got the distinct feeling that she was probably about to go badmouth me in the open with other customers present. I work in retail too and yeah sometimes it sucks but if any of my coworkers or myself EVER did what she did, we'd probably get at least a write-up. She's lucky I didn't catch her name first or I would probably be giving her corporate office a call. One of the worst retail experiences EVER.
5	I am wayyyyy frugal so I love this place and pretty  much any outlet store-- Its happened on more than one occasion that I found something here discounted that was regular priced at the Galleria or online. Staff is usually friendly -- and although the store is not always at its cleanliessness lol -- i think it goes with the concept .. which I LOVE...
3	HOT TOPIC at  the Bells, ok it's been awhile since I last step foot into a Hot Topic.  Funny years later and nothing has change, I do love this location though.  Super clearance wall and racks at the back of the store.  Yes, as usually some items are outdated and I did say to myself "this should free" but the other items were a bargain.  Like the bustier, various sizes and styles at 50% off.  Got some really cute garter style fishnet stockings for $2.99, a YOLO wallet for $$5.99 and a bustier w/ matching undies for $11.99 a total of $25.00 spent.  I'm not going to tell my age, but I'll be back my little cousin's 17th birthday is around the corner.Its an outlet, its messy in there and very crowed w/ both non-english speaking tourist and very loud speaking english teenagers....just a questions, how much can you tolerate for a GOOD BARGAIN?
3	Why would I write about a strip mall store? I'm not sure except that I really do like popping in to look at the sale racks. As a child of the 80s, this place reminds me of the multiple Duran Duran buttons I'd buy for my jean jacket and all the Depeche Mode posters I had taped to my wall.  Strangely enough, those same bands are still at a shop like this. It's retro baby! You can still pick up a David Bowie or Blondie T-shirt like it was the 80s but now it's 2013 and you're in Hot Topic.So.... maybe it's nostalgia. Maybe it's a curiosity of what the teens are into these days, but Hot Topic is fun to shop. You can find neon socks, frilly panties and patterned corsets. There's always at least one bondage pant hanging on a rack somewhere. And tons and tons of T-shirts and CDs. I recently brought my friend to get a smaller gauge ear plug. I also brought someone else here to get fishnet tights. The sale racks can be pretty good but it helps if you're a smaller size.
3	Buy 1 get 2nd 50% off entire store great deal. The staff is very nice and acknowledges you when you walk in. They have band t-shirts, goth attire, albums and sometimes we can find Nightmare Before Christmas items too. Though we did not find anything this time, we will be back.
1	Night manager was rude and unprofessional. Yakking on personal phone calls on the sales floor rather then assisting customers...was even rude to fellow employee who was actually helping the customers! This woman is unbalanced and clearly suffering from some mental health issues. There is no way a person who verbally assaults others should be allowed to work in a retail setting....ever! Not to mention the threat this type of loose cannon individual poses to society in general. Jeez, you walk into a place to spend some money on your kids and instead you get yelled at by some psycho....who turns out to be the MANAGER! It's quite obvious to me, after what we witnessed tonight, that Hot Topic has some pretty low hiring standards for their management. No thanks! I'll spend my hard earned money elsewhere, a place where the customers needs actually matter.
5	The staff here at this Hot Topic are all SUPER friendly and really nice - eager to help and fun to talk Bronies with. I will definitely be coming back to this Hot Topic when I'm in Vegas again. Thank you for helping me spend money!!!!! =)
5	This Hot Topic is awesome. All the employees are nice. I come here all the time, and have never had an issue. Very knowledgable about they're products. Out of all the Hot Topics in Las Vegas, this is my favorite.
