3	Please note that the address I've shown is approximate.  The Eliza Furnace was built on an old railroad line into Downtown Pittsburgh.  Until the 1980s, I believe, the Port Authority Transit (PAT) ran commuter trains down this line.  It sat for several years until it was decided to make it into a bike path.  It is often referred to as "The Jail Trail" because it goes right past the Allegheny County Jail.  It's really only a connecting path right now because it only goes as far as Oakland, to the south end of Schenley Park and Panther Hollow.  You won't see much green space along here, but rather new office buildings and traces of Pittsburgh's once industrial past.  Indeed, for a stretch, it's right-of-way is between the east and westbound lanes of the Parkway East (I-376)!  Still, it's an interesting ride.  It will eventually be part of the Great Allegheny Passage, which will eventually link Pittsburgh with Cumberland, MD.  From there, one would be able to connect with the C&O Towpath all the way to Washington, DC.  So a Pittsburgh-Washington, DC bike ride could become a reality soon.  What's missing is the 9-mile segment between Pittsburgh and McKeesport.  See here http://www.atatrail.org/maps/map1.cfm and here http://www.atatrail.org/maps/map.cfm for maps.My husband and I used this for a warm-up ride today.  It was our first ride of the season.  So what we did was a round-trip from our home in Squirrel Hill to Downtown via Schenley Park and the Eliza Furnace trail.  It was a good way to begin the season, but eventually we'll do longer rides.
3	Finally!  My husband Rick and I were able to get out and do our warm up ride.  The weather was cloudy but at least it was dry out.  Geez Louise, it's been a wet and cold April  so far and Rick and I were just itching to get out and do that first ride of the season.  We'd just gotten our road bikes and our mountain bikes tuned up too.  We started at our home in Squirrel Hill, then went through Schenley Park down to the Eliza Furnace Trail.  From there we took the trail downtown and headed over to Station Square.  From there we took the Great Allegheny Passage Trail to the Hot Metal Bridge and return.The Eliza Furnace Trail still isn't much to look at.  Eventually it'll be part of the Great Allegheny Passage connecting Pittsburgh and McKeesport with Ohiopyle and Cumberland.  But for now it's good for a connecting trail or if you're doing a warm up or short ride.  Oh and Rick and I are building up towards a McKeesport-Cumberland ride later this year.
5	If you're a cyclist, runner, or hiker, you need to check out this trail.  It runs from Greenfield to downtown, and you can connect to N. Oakland via the Panther Hollow Trail.  During weekday evenings, I often cycle in a loop via this trail and the trail along the South Side, using the Smithfield St. bridge to connect via Station Square.  From my apt., it's about 6 mi., and takes me a little over an hour--perfect for a brief ride.  In addition to its recreational opportunities, this trail makes it possible to commute via bike or foot downtown without having to fight traffic. My friend tells me that the trail should be complete to the Point within the next year or two.As can be seen from the photos, this trail offers some scenic vistas of the city skyline, esp. from the Smithfield St. and Hot Metal bridges.  It parallels the Mon River, where coal barges, the Gateway Clipper fleet, and personal watercraft can be seen. Other highlights include the county jail and courthouse and the technology park on Second Ave.  It also offers great train spotting opportunities, since there are two busy RR tracks across the river, as well as another that runs parallel to the Panther Hollow trail that can be seen at the trailhead.  For those who drive, trailhead parking is available at a lot off of Second St.  Come try it out and see PGH from a new angle: by bike or foot!
