3	The salewoman here was nice, though it took a while before she came out from the back and realized that we were there.  The store is a little small, but they do have a full selection of products from their line.Extra bonus from being able to utilize a coupon from the AAA coupon book- the coupon is for a complimentary makeover and makeup sample.  We didn't have time for the makeover, but ended up getting a sample of their eyeshadow base.  Unfortunately, my sample turned out cracked and old, though my sister's was fine.Clinique is a nice place to look at their makeup line, though I much prefer the Sephora down the hall, which is a lot more spacious and where you can browse without feeling any pressure to buy.
5	As a former consultant, I'll admit that I'm a bit biased, but that also makes me semi-knowledgeable about various counters' designs. This store is adorable. As lame as it sounds, I had my boyfriend take pictures inside and outside of the place. The store manager, Ana, is really nice and she knows a lot about the products. I also like the fact that they have a sink there. When I went in there, they were clean too. Since I know the hygiene standards, I can safely say that they follow them.This store carries quite a few products that are discontinued. Since not all discontinued products are "old," it really helps to have a place to get discontinued eye shadows and my aloe sun balm.
4	I was about to purchase the lip balm treatment but found out at the cashier that there were other lip product offerings too so the very helpful and friendly staff patiently worked with me to help me find the best fit. Vegas sure is dry and everyone suffered from chapped lips and dry skin during the convention. A colleague commented that we might all be turning into flies (not sure why), chapped lips, sorethroat, headaches....sigh....In any case, I found my lip product here when it was out of stock at nearby Sephora. Wow, an entire store of Clinique products. I don't really use their products except for the Super lip balm and they have it here. :)
