4	I don't eat lunch in Uptown regularly but I just ate here this afternoon. If there is no line its probably faster to walk up and read the sandwich names & descriptions from the labels than wait for the screens hanging from the ceiling to scroll the menu. All the counter staff were very nice explaining what was in each item. I bought a half sandwich & soup. While a lot of the ingredients are organic and high quality if you have dietary concerns, ask about specific items. It's still possible to consume a lot of calories if you don't pay attention. The sandwiches are labelled with their calories on the wrapper but it would have been nice to see that information before I ordered. The Texan VIP was flavorful but I feel the ciabatta bread was a bit too hard & dense. Sandwiches come with a choice of dipping sauce, and while the chipotle was good it didn't seem necessary to enhance the taste. My cup of red miso was mildly spicy and didn't skimp on tofu & bamboo shoots in the broth. The organic chocolate chip cookie is weak in flavor, was too doughy and oily. While I was here at 12:30 there were others having lunch but generally the seating area was quiet. It's a good space to relax to enjoy your company & food.
4	I love what this place is trying to do, and I think they are pulling it off.  I had an ATM sandwich - Avocado, Tomato and Mozzarella, and it was delish.  Charlotte as a whole is so bad at recycling, so it was nice to see the three separate trash cans - trash, plastic, paper - that you hardly ever see around here.   I look forward to going back.Update - so happy that they have one at South Park Mall now!!
5	Man I liked this place a lot.  A few friends and I were joking that we need to open a similar place in Chicago.  Who knows if one already exists.  First off, I like that they are trying to be conscious of the environment.  And I really liked the food.I had the tomato soup, it was great.  I really wish I remember the actual name of it, but I tihnk it was like Tomato Fresco or something.  I had a chicken something panini.  It was like chicken, brie, and apple.  It was damn good.  It was a tad more expensive than most lunches, but that's expected at a place like this.  We were in and out in about 30 mins.  We drove from 77/485 and the whole trip including parking took about 1 hr.  The only thing they are missing is a nice frozen yogurt like the yoberry crazy.  Hopefully they read this.  People will line up!
4	$6.95 for sandwich or salad or 1/2 sanwich and soup/salad combo!Tortellini Florentine soup was tasty, plenty of tortellini, flavorful.Chicken twist was excellent/healthy chicken salad.This reminded me of sandwich bars in London, with better food, fresh ingredients, and reasonable prices.I would give it 4.5 stars if I had that option! Responsible organic food, reasonable prices. Must try!
5	I do believe I have hit Blynk everyday since they opened Oct 2008!!!They have awesome and dare I say it, Organic food!! Liz makes the BEST 4 shot Cap!!! Don't believe me... try it!! The mushroom spinach quiche is tasty with just the right amount of provolone on top.You can choose fresh fruit, nuts, house made granola to add to your  oatmeal or yogurt. Perfect!!  Their choose your toppings salads are fresh and just the right size. They have house made salad dressings, too.They have a new Butternut squash soup with Leeks that tastes divine.For those of you with kids, my 5 yr old loves eating at Blynk and they make the perfect, you can drink in now, kids hot chocolate!!Join their newsletter at www.Blynk.com to see what's up in the Blynk world every month.
2	Blynk is not your Pluto's or create-your-own salad place. They are a small little shop buried inside an office building. The menu and the seating are limited.The sandwiches are really small and bland (got the hot mushroom sammy, which turned out more like luke warm with a few mushrooms on stale bread). All the sandwiches are premade, so they don't taste very fresh and you can't customize the ingredients. Sandwiches come with your choice of dipping sauce which makes it slightly more tasty. For $6.95 you can get a half sandwich/salad or soup combo which isn't too bad. But the side salad options are no good, stick with the full sandwich if you have a choice. I had the couscous and it was so sour I just threw it out. Also, the entree salads are pretty small and they lack topping variety. I wish I went to chick-fil-a. Adding an extra star for friendly service, but I'm definitely not coming back here.
5	Food is tasty and priced really fair for the quality. Coffee is outstanding, baked goods are fresh and tasty. Build your own salad for lunch or do a half sandwich with soup. The location is in the interior of the building and nothing special, but get your lunch to go and find somewhere nice to sit outside and you'll be set!
4	Today was my first visit to Blynk, and at first, I tried to go to their location at 220 S. Tryon, but was re-directed to the Bank of America Plaza. I am so glad that I went with my gut to try Blynk out!I was recently diagnosed with Lupus and had to change my diet to help with flare ups, and Blynk's menu completely caters to my needs.I got the Chicken Twist and they were giving out a free bowl of soup (I got the Tomato Basil) and both were very tasty. I read reviews on here that said the food was bland, but what I had was packed full of flavor. The price wasn't bad either.Their new location has seating areas; I am definitely going to bring people with me next time!
2	Really disappointing. My sandwich was absolutely tasteless and the potato soup had dirt in it from the potatoes. $7 for a snack sized meal.  I won't be back.
4	Walk into blynk organic & you're met w/ a feast for the eyes....I liken this place to a Napa Ranch in SF Salad Bar greets you as you're walking to get in line; fridge area houses lots of salads, sides & desserts; then there is a huge counter w/ all their sandwiches displayed for your eyes to drink it all in Choose your sandwich & they plop it on the griller to get it all toasty & you're good to go Hummus & Tabouleh is really yummy - homemade seasoned pita chips - woot Turkey Caprese declared a winner Chickbery Wrap w/ Chicken in a sundried tomato burrito - declared ultra yummy Banana Pudding - Oh yeahhhhh.  It was custardy w/ little slices of nanner & lots of Nilla Wafers What didn't invoke such a reaction was their Falafel - it was nasty. Mooshy & pasty & COLD. Falafels should *never* be cold.....ever.  Avoid the falafel!But with all the other choices, we will happily come back for their delights
1	First of all the set-up of the store is horrible. I work in a downtown store so I understand they're not necessarily set up the same as maybe a neighborhood store would be. So that being said, what the hell?!?! It's hard to tell exactly where to order your food, and to make matters worse the menu is not easy to read. The service itself is very lack luster. But whatever, moving on..I ordered a sandwich. I forget the name of it, it was the grilled veggie one. It sounded pretty good, I was excited. So I place my order, and the girl pulls a sandwich from in front of her. Honestly I hadn't even noticed the sandwiches sitting there. However that freaking gross. There just sitting there in the open air. For six bucks for a crappy veggie sandwich I expect way better! If I had noticed the sandwiches I would've assumed that they were display only and that they would make my sandwich fresh, but no. You can't call something organic and then think that you can get away with crimes against food! At least when I go to place that are similar like this the sandwich is already wrapped, so obviously I know it isn't prepared fresh. This is fucking rip-off!
4	Nice clean organic oasis. Server offered any sandwich or wrap to be made vegan for me. Highly reccomend
3	If you are looking for organic food this is a convenient stop in Uptown.  Great, fresh little sandwich, salad, wrap shop nestled in the lobby of an office building; which can be hard to find except that they put a sign out front over lunch hour to help you out.  Once inside head around to the right and you will happen upon the counter space. I have to admit, requesting a fresh made warm panini vegetable sandwich did take an unusually long time.  While I was standing there though I did notice organic coffee and some delicious looking baked goods and muffins.  I watched a few people create their own salads.  They also had a few items ready to go for take away such as puddings, yogurts & parfaits.  If you have visited Europe a few times you become familiar with pre-made/open air sandwich shops but in the US this can be a turn off for some people.  I like that their online menu lists calories and fat.  As far as places to grab a fresh sandwich this place has made my short list.
4	Yay for uptown for having a healthier alternative to the regular options of not so healthy food that seem to be the norm these days. They have a variety of sandwiches, salads coffee, tea and smoothies that you can nosh on in the seating area to the side of it (pretty retro-esque too, I like) or take it to go and eat al fresco like I did! I got the Saladena sandwich---roasted red peppers, artichokes, mozzarella, balsamic and spinach on a tomato basil roll. It was absolutely fantastic and fresh! They have duo and trio specials as well --$6.95 and $8.95 respectively. A bit pricey for what I would like to spend on lunch but for food that contains organic ingredients, I am willing to pay the extra money. Unlike other establishments, they take portion sizes into consideration so you may not be getting as much as more well know lunch spots yet you are getting all you need. They list the calorie and fat content of their site so you can see what you're taking in. Their sandwiches are wrapped in environmentally friendly soy coated blynk paper which is just cool and wish more places would take into consideration. All in all, I am happy to have a place like Uptown-we need more places like Blynk.
1	Organic?  Yes. Fresh? No. Tasty? Hell no! Overpriced? you betcha!
5	Best Salads in Uptown.  They are a bit pricey $9 if you want to have a protein, but the amount is large, organic, and delicious!  They always have a variety of topping for your salad.  The wait is a bit longer than I would like, but it is directly in the center of the city at lunchtime.  They work as fast as they can.
4	Like a breath of fresh air! I love this place, very healthy meals and good people watching.  The menu may be a bit intimidating in the beginning but everything is really good so that will simplify it for you.  I love the freshness of the entrees, mostly sandwiches and salads.  The salads are made to order right there before you and the toppings you can choose from are superb!  The only drawback is that the place can become crowded and the seating is a bit low....weird.  Just give me normal seating...haha!
4	Passed by half a dozen fast food places to get here, was not disappointed.Had some egg and bacon sandwich with basil pesto on it; wasn't expecting it to be grilled, but that was great.  Very tasty.This is the only place in the "walkway mall" where I could find a "normal" yogurt.  Will remember that tomorrow.Ummm, only thing I would add - give us the NAMES of the local vendors where you get your meats, eggs, etc. from.  How many "organic" stores are there?  That is a really important part of the community feel of a store like this.Closes earlier than some other stores.
