5	This place is Wonderful!!!  You walk in and can instantly RELAX.  Marie and her staff are all AMAZING!! I have been going to Marie for 5 years and this was her dream to open a salon. The salon offers so many options and you will leave there feeling Stress Free!! You are missing out on the best massage of your life if you don't stop in to see her..She runs great specials and really cares for her clients..Go see her today, you won't be disappointed..I promise!!! Wendy
5	I recommend this Spa to everyone I know! Marie is not only the owner but an amazing women who is ready to share her talents with you. Stop in anytime and see one of her therapists, they are all amazing..I guarantee you won't be disappointed and you will feel GREAT and RELAXED..
4	I went for a Lymphatic Massage, and the owner Marie took care of me. She was so nice and informative. I felt relaxed and calm with the lovely surroundings and great scent of her "retreat". The music was perfect (which can affect a massage dramatically). I made an appointment for my next massage before I left. That would show how much they impressed me with their experience and service.  Merci Beacoup!
5	Amazing massage! I've had a couple of other massages and left feeling like there should have been more. With Marie, I left thinking about when I would schedule my next massage. I didn't even realize I had such limited range in motion in my neck, but I felt like I could move more easily immediately after I left. My search for a massage therapist stops here.
5	I have never been disappointed at Therapeutic Retreat. Even their front desk gentleman is super friendly, and getting an appointment is easy.Each therapist is very passionate about what he/she does, but my favorite therapist has been Esta! I probably needed more energy work than I did the actual massage, and she gave me exactly that! She incorporated warm washcloths, neck wraps, and essential oils into the full body massage. I entered extremely anxious and tense, and left feeling calm and relaxed. After each massage, they also offer water with your choice of essential oils inside.
5	My issues:- lower back pain from car accident years ago- tension and tightness on entire right side that was causing awful migraines for 5 days straight- never had a massage and find it hard to relax with stranger touching meSolution:  Anika @ Therapeutic RetreatThe office is warm and inviting and the rooms are warm, dimly lit, and have soft music playing - a great way to start this new experience.  Anika consulted w/ me before beginning so she knew exactly what my issues were and could form an action plan. She's very warm and friendly and immediately puts you at ease.  I forgot my "no-touch-by-strangers" phobia right away.  She used multiple techniques and started with my head & face and then focused on my problem areas.  It was, far and away, the best money that I have ever spent on myself - ever.  I booked my next appt on the way out the door.  It's only been 2 days but I've been migraine/headache free for those 2 days and my range of motion is increased.  After migraines for 5 days straight, this massage has truly been a lifesaver.  I did a ton of research prior to booking my first appt and was unable to find a review that 1) was lower than a 4 - most were 5s, and 2) didn't rave about this place.  I'm glad I did my homework.  I highly recommend Therapeutic Retreat and Anika in particular.
5	Today was my third visit and I treated myself to a 90 min massage.  Again, Anika is an angel that worked her magic on my troubled areas.  I could feel an immediate difference.Luckily, I had a $25 gift certificate this time.  As I was paying, I learned that, after all my raves about this place (online, at work, word of mouth, etc), someone finally took me up on it.  As a result, I also received a discount for my referral.  SCORE! That, combined w/ the gift cert, makes for a very happy girl upon checkout.Since this business and Anika, in particular, are so amazing, I decided to gift a massage to my pregnant neighbor.  She's scheduled w/ Anika tomorrow and I know that she'll be in heaven.  I cannot rave about them enough.
5	Decided I needed a massage after way too long.  I was a walk in.  Requested a male and got Tim.  Massage was perfect.  I tend to like deep tissue.  He didn't give up on the worst knotted areas.  I left a satisfied customer and at least 3 inches taller.  Booked next appt immediately. Will make this a regular event.
5	Went hiking in the desert (for 12 miles!) and obviously in desperate need of getting some knots out. First, we stayed at Sheraton Wild Horse and the costs for the spa are astronomical, the prices at TR are beyond reasonable for what you get. Second, the service at the desk was fantastic and scheduling was easy. Third, my masseuse was Michael... he made me super comfortable and my god - he knows his knots. I have bad shoulder pains near my neck and he straightened out whatever mess that was in there. My boyfriend got a massage from Marie, and he said it was the best massage he ever got.  The desert was great and everything but we may just come back to Pheonix for the heat and the massages!
5	I have been going to Therapeutic retreat for about 18 months and I LOVE Marie!  She is more than a massage therapist...more like physical therapist.  Marie is attuned to the body and the aches we often get from working, physical exertion, stress etc.  Whenever I am in any type of pain, be it shoulder pain, leg spasms or sprained ankle, I see Marie because I know that she can stretch out the muscles or ligaments and work out any knots.
5	Absolutely love this place. It's relaxing and no pressure to buy packages/memberships like at Massage Envy or Elements!! The staff is knowledgable and friendly, and I left feeling 100% better!
5	I've been to Therapeutic Retreat 3 or 4 times for massages and every time I am impressed.  Everything is top notch.  Marie listens well and is very knowledgeable.  I have persistent (read: EVIL) knots in my upper back that most masseuses are unable to work out (or only able to work out by inflicting a lot of pain).  Marie is capable of working out the knots, stretching the tight areas, and doing so without being overly aggressive.  I appreciate all of that very much!  If I splurge for a 90 minute massage, I know that not only will the knots be gone but I'll also walk out of there in a relaxed zen-like state.  Ahhhhhhhh...
5	Just finished a 90 min couples massage. I had Timothy and husband had the owner Marie. When we walked in we were greeted by Marie, offiering cold water infused with our choice of doterra essential oils flavors. Yes they are consumable and delicious! Lovely room and both therapists were very professional and friendly. Timothy has 18 years experience under his belt so I was comfortable with him working out some old back injuries. We could not have been any more pleased with our experience. Timothy used a variety of techniques, pressure was perfect. My husband really enjoyed his massage as well. Jim and I will try to go back monthly for a much needed tune up. Skip the chain massage places and support a wonderful and locally owned business! Thanks Marie and Timothy for a great start to our Sunday!
5	Booked a massage after having a stressful week, and felt like heaven afterwards. Marie was absolutely outstanding, and is very knowledgeable. I spent some time talking with her when I got there, and we talked about what kind of massage would solve my issues. I loved loved loved the essential oils - the whole room smelled wonderful. I'll be back for sure.
5	What a delight! Came into town for the weekend. My scap started to ache and I found this oasis. The location is top notch. As an LA resident and massage aficionado, I've seen some very nice places. Suzanne, new to the salon, handled me brilliantly. She was immediately attuned with my body and energy. Her touch was fabulous. And most importantly, my pain vanished.  And on top of all that, she referred me to a vegan restaurant nearby that was a delicious stop for brunch, Pomegranate. All in all, I'd say this was certainly a 5-star experience. Suzanne, your roster should be full in no time. Thanks!
5	From out of town and woke up in serious pain. Called got a quick appointment. Folks there's massage places and then there's "Therapeutic Retreat". This is not for the REAL HOUSE WIVES OF AZ. This is for serious people who want a professional massage that heals. Clean and loaded with the essentials. Don't even need to ask what the cost is - its a STEAL!!!!!Estha was my masseuse - she has the magic in her hands. She found my issues and directed her energy and gifted hands in making my world a bearable place. I'm frrm CA and I got the best massage I've ever had here in Temp AZ?!  I have enjoyed massages all over the world -  my work tours internationally. So take my word and your money and get in here - you'll never feel better and remember this massage for life.
5	I came in with a pinched nerve and emotional pain (which we all know can cause more problems). Not only do they use Doterra, which is all natural and organic (isn't that the same?), they involve spiritual healing and pray for you as well.  My therapist was amazing, listened to me, reminded me to breath, and watched my facial cues for my pain level. In addition, they have a deal that of you pay in advanced for your next session, they take $10 of the visit. I will be going back!!!!
