5	We are currently looking at purchasing a home in the new Zephyr Ridge community that will be going up in July 2013 at Gibson & Horizon Ridge. According to the sign, we had to make the semi-long drive to Mountains Edge to view the models. We finally found the community (Evergreen) and we were excited to have a look. Now, buying a house is always a nerve racking experience no matter if it's your first or third time. Enter Rhonda- she's was kind, helpful and not pushy whatsoever. Wait, are you sure she's a sales associate? She made us feel at ease and was very informative. She had a warm smile on as soon as we walked in. She handed us our brochures and we were on our merry way.We fell in love with the first model, Acacia. I typically have very traditional tastes when it comes to houses but these Ryland Homes (a little untraditional) made me rethink what I wanted in a house. They had a rooftop sun deck!! Say what? (That's where you'll find me in the summer!) they have large, spacious bedrooms (unlike shoeboxes) extensive storage areas and large, airy living space on good sized lots. We immediately scurried back to Rhonda and informed her we were in love. She put us on the Zephyr Ridge waiting list, told us to start saving up for our $5,000 earnest deposit and that she would see us over at the new community as she will be transferring over there! We had a delightful experience and can't wait to start our new adventure with Ryland Homes.
1	The worst builder! They are liars! Totally scammed people in mountains edge! They do not have anyone represented on HOA boards so don't believe them. You will have so many problems after you buy your house. The sellers don't look at HOA CC&R's so ryland will tell you one thing but the HOA has their own rules. Don't buy! Your house will have so many problems and ryland will give every excuse not to fix it or they will take forever to fix it.
5	Top Notch Builder in every way. Zephyr Ridge is an amazing community with the best floor plans I have ever seen in anything near the price range. The homes are pure luxury at prices that are extremely fair. The area sits above the valley in the foothills and yet it is close enough to a few vital freeways. Quality of build is superb.. I am a very happy home owner here.  I have only seen one minor repair needed on a piece of molding outside of my home that looked like something may have bumped into it before I took delivery of the home.. I called Shelly in Warranty and she sent an excellent repair person over and it was fixed in no time.. All of the people that I have dealt with at this company from Kodiak in Sales, Shelly in Warranty, and Chris in title are all extremely sincere, kind and professional. On top of buying a great house you are buying an outstanding company that stands behind their product bumper to bumper for a full year and ten years on major structural parts. Overall a great experience.
