4	This simple sunny little place on St Laurent just before Jean Talon, down the street from the Market, has smiling staff who are never stingy with the samples, even when your mom is trying everything, and trying to get you to try it all, and there's a line forming behind her and you're turning red.. There's ample seating indoors in the air-conditioning and tables outside as well. They serve a list of Italian style sandwiches which I've never tried, so someone else should weigh in here. All I can tell you is that there are times I choose the creamy perfect toasted almond here over anything down the block at Havre aux Glaces, and that's saying something. If you're really interested in Italian ice cream and sorbet, I suggest a taste off walking back and forth between the two. I'll expect your results here shortly, and not matter which ice cream shoppe you ultimately choose, we both know you'll be the big winner
4	Cute little place in little Italy. They sell homemade gelato and they have a good selection. I had chocolate-hazelnut and white chocolate. Delicious mix. $3.75 for two large scoops of gelato is very reasonable. The place is air-conditioned and there are a few tables to sit. Or, you can go outside and eat on the 3-4 tables they have set out outside. A great little place.
4	After supper at Il Cornelli, we decided to walk off our meal and go down a few blocks to have a gelato here.   Been here many times before, always has great gelato - I like taking half chocolat and have lemon!   with a good espresso!
5	There's ice cream, then there's gelato. Pile ou glace serves up the best Italian gelato in Montreal. It's the closet you'll find to the real deal like it Italy. They have many rich and decadent flavours such as amaretto and hazelnut, but they also have lighter and fruitier flavours like coconut and strawberry. My boyfriend and I usually order the sicilian pistachio. It's sooooo good. Like I previously stated, it's the closest thing to the real deal that you'll find in Montreal. A cone with 2 scoops of ice cream is around 4$. I always get the sugar cone. For 25 cents more, it's well worth it.
