4	This is probably one of the nicer locations of this chain bar (gosh, has to be the biggest chain here). Though it's been a while, I remember this one not being so smoky and the people were a better calibur (sorry, honestly). The servers were nice. The food is pretty good as far as bar food goes (you'd be surprised at how many bars have nasty food, though). The majority of the seating was pub tables and chairs. I don't remember if there was a pool table or other games available. I do remember bumping into an old classmate from college- which if you have been here a while, will come to find out that it's a small world here.
4	This is a regular spot for my husband on his way out of Vegas because -- It's only like 3-4 minutes from the car rental place so it's a good place to stop and have a drink and dinner before heading to the airport.- The servers are super friendly and attentive.- There are several tables with power outlets nearby. - Food is not anything that you're going to gush over but it's just fine and not too expensive and filling (the nachos are HUGE!!!).I like this place because it's directly across from the airport and you can watch the planes taking off and landing. They're so close to the building (seriously just across the road and on the other side of a chain link fence) and close to other planes that it's kind of scary sometimes!
5	This is my new favorite bar in Vegas. Sure, it's not as trendy or hipster-infested as some "other" bars in town...but that's why I like it! Unpretentious, cheap drinks and reasonably-priced, good food. But the main reason I like this particular PT's is that, unlike *other* PT's which are dark, gloomy caves of service industry post-shift misery and alcoholism....this PT's has floor-to-ceiling WINDOWS, letting in lots of natural light and affording an amazing view of the airport runway right across the street.I find watching planes take off and land to be oddly meditative, and it's very pleasant to sit on the small patio outside this PT's with a drink and some noms while contemplating the mystery of flight. On a Friday night, it's especially fun to watch the looooong line of planes stacked up on approach into Vegas, coming in one by one like a never-ending line of lemmings jumping off a cliff into a sea of broke degeneracy. Good luck, suckas!
3	Great service. Good bar food. Interesting "regulars"...liked the fact that there was pool tables.
1	This place is getting one star because I liked my food, but the customer service, or lack there of is the reason it's not getting any more. We were "greeted" at the bar by a scowled face female bartender, and placed our drink order and then placed a food order. She went around the bar (that was all men) and flirted with them but never checked on us. 30 minutes later our food comes out and again we get the scowl face. She couldn't get back to the guys fast enough so they could stare at her fake boobs. Little piece of advice, if you would have treated us better, we would have tipped you better than the trash you were busy flirting with. Doesn't take much to smile and make a customer feel welcome. We ended up leaving after 2 beers because of her, there are way too many local bars around to be treated like you're an annoyance.
5	I love this PT's location. I have been to other locations and they aren't nearly as nice or have as good of an atmosphere. You can't beat the 50% off all bar drinks happy hour. Good draft selection and full bar.All the food there is good, particularly the pretzel bites, steak salad, turkey sandwich, burgers, and curly fries. Not the biggest fan of their pizza because it has a cracker thin crust, but when you are drunk put a little ranch on it and for half price it is worth sobering you up. Very nice atmosphere. Bright with nice comfortable chairs. Lots of TVs. Mostly good service, like all places it depends on the day and whose working but we have had more amazing service than poor service. This is our go to comfy sit and watch the game and have a few mugs of beer and food we look forward to bar.
4	I work in the area so I've been to this location twice recently and I have to say its becoming a favorite.  I like that it has high ceilings and lots of windows - light is a good thing even though this whole damn city doesn't seem to think that.Its also right across from the airport so you can grab a table by the window and watch the planes go by.  I always appreciate an interesting (and free) view.The food has been pretty good but the service really needs improvement.  I do have to say that the waitresses I've dealt with were very nice but very slow.  I don't know if they need a busboy for backup with drink refills/silverware/condiments etc or another waitress to handle the amount of customers but it does seem to take longer than it needs to for e-v-e-r-y-t-h-i-n-g.Oh, and I don't know if this place is nonsmoking but the 2 times I've been there I haven't smelled smoke at all.  Can anyone else confirm whether this location is non-smoking?All in all I like this place but you may want to avoid it if you're in a rush to be anywhere (like to catch a plane for instance...)
3	nice location nice pt's......very average service
1	Normally I don't review chains. Chains are what they are and you know this going in. For example, you go into PT's, you know you're going to get decent food, decent drinks, and at a decent price. You know they're open 24 hours, which is their selling point, and they're all over. So if all of them are the same, it really boils down to their service that determines if they live or die.This PT's just flatlined.We came in, were greeted fairly quickly, got our drinks (we didn't have alcohol, we were both a little on the tired side), and placed our orders. Maybe it was because we didn't have alcohol, but the food took a bit of time to come out. Not a HUGE deal.So my friend and I are talking the soap opera of my life, when we realize we've demolished most of the pizza and our drinks haven't been refilled. The guy hasn't even come by. So we try to flag him down, and it literally takes 20 minutes to get some refills. Annoyed, we wait for the check. After 30 minutes, he finally notices us... then it takes another 15 to get the bill. I wanted to walk out... that kind of wait time is totally unacceptable. Sorry I wasn't boozing it up for once. Sorry I didn't have big ol' tits like the tarts at the bar. But I'm still a paying customer and demand a modicum of respect.I'm pretty easy to please and hard to piss off, but this gone and done it.
4	Lemon Pepper Wings hands done---- and happy hour drinksLUV it Luv it
5	I been coming to this bar for 2 years and it has to be one of my favorite spot to have a drink.  I have met great people here, the bartender is great, and happy hour is always the best.  Compare to other PTs I have been too this has to be far the best.  Weather your coming to watch some good football, grab a bite to eat, or just chill with some friends play some pool and enjoy a great time I highly recommend this place.  Especially on Fridays, and Saturdays evening come on down for Happy Hour.  Thank for reading and enjoy.
3	Super close to my house and I enjoy the atmosphere but tte service is lacking !
4	This location is by far, one of the nicest PT's Pubs I've been to.  It's in an odd industrial, airport runway across the street-like, location, but I look at it as a gem in the middle of town :)  We came here tonight to celebrate the move of a dear friend.When you walk in, you are reminded that the bar is and will always be the center focal point of this location.  The lighting is elegant and the smell of cigarettes isn't overpowering.  There's ample seating all around the bar and tables around the restaurant.  We took our party in a small nook in the middle of the restaurant, equipped with TVs and a fireplace.  Super cozy.  I enjoy their tall drafts of beer.  It's about 5 dollars and for me, lasts a long time.  For the party, we were treated with wings, fries and a pizza.  The pizza was a buffalo chicken pizza and the wings and fries were covered in Parmesan cheese. The bone in wings were somewhat crispy, somewhat soft.  Garlic Parmesan offered a lot of flavor and so were the fries.  I loved the pizza soo much!  Imagine having buffalo wings but in the form of a pizza.  So much flavor.  Little bit of spice, little bit of tang, little bit of heaven.  If you're in the area, you should take a little stroll and visit this PT's.  If you're ever familiar with PT's, which if you're local, you probably are, then you will love this location.  Although PT's is a chain bar restaurant, this location is one that will impress above the others.  Enjoy!
4	"A Wing and a Prayer"I've always enjoyed watching airplanes. It's escapist. Hypnotic. Like a well written novel about non-existent worlds. I gaze at runways and make up stories about passengers. Good tales, bad tales, but never in between....I came here last week after work. Needed a beer after a bad day.The weather was cool, cloudy; the scent of rain in the wind. I parked and walked across the empty lot.Inside, I approached a large bar. Rectangular in shape, it might be the largest counter in town. Light brown with video poker machines, each stool offered views of screens showing sports.But I didn't have any interest in that. Not today. I needed to be alone. And I knew where I wanted to be. I ordered a brew from a lady in the rectangle. Thrusting change in my pocket, I left a dollar behind and headed outside.Cars whizzed by, oblivious to my presence. Across the road, seven jets waited to be cleared for take-off. Allegiant, Delta and United. A Fedex and UPS jet sat beyond. I plunked down on a stool just as a Southwest airliner glided in for a landing not 500 yards away.Wind mussed my hair as I honed in on the landing jets' windows. There's a woman on there, I thought. Alone. From the midwest. Missouri, perhaps. Needs money. Husband died. Left her with nothing. Has no skills other than housewife. Has looks, though. Not many lines on the face, either. A friend said she could make money dancing. Couple grand a weekend if things went well. Maybe more if she was willing to escort.The plane landed with a screech of burning rubber. "Good luck to you, dear," I whispered, "I'll say a prayer for you." I sipped my drink and stared through the mist.A few stories later I went back for a refill. This time I stayed inside and sat by the fireplace in a leather like chair. A nice warmth emanated from the flames and I looked around at plentiful seating for diners and two pool tables for gamers. A nice place, I thought. Comfortable. Clean. Friendly. I like it here. I looked to my left to the airfield. Five Southwest jets were lined up just so, waiting their turn.Draining my beer(a Fat Tire draft if you were wondering), I moseyed back to my car. Patrons had arrived after me and the lot had filled. I doubted they would sit in inclement weather and spin yarns like yours truly, but this PT's had plenty more to offer besides fodder for twisted imaginations. I'll be back again for sure. Perhaps next time I'll tell you the tale about the man on the Japanese airliner. The one with a wife in the states and another in Nippon, each of whom is independently plotting his demise....
1	Seriously, worst bartender service ever. Who hired this girl to be a bartender. Grow some personality and do your job. April 23 @ 6:30 PM...fire this girl, seriously.Consistently poor food at this location.  The price for what you get is not worth it.  I'm not sure I'd consider dining here even if it was half off.  Take for instance my last lunch meal:  chicken quesadilla and an ice-tea; nearly 20 bucks BEFORE tip!  Far better options in the area for food and better service. It's too bad really as the location is in the same complex as our work.  If they brought in some people who cared about service and redid the menu to not appeal to the lowest common denominator we would be regulars here Monday through Friday.  Until then, we will continue to drive right on past.
4	My cousins are regulars here. I loved how they knew the bartenders (Manny and Sean) and I felt more comfortable that my family trusted them. The drinks were good, the food was yummy, and I won during my poker game. All pluses for me.Anyway, I've only been here twice, both times for short periods. I really wished I could have stayed longer because I love the atmosphere and the workers are always so nice.
2	I lived in Vegas for over fifteen years and used to go to this location from time to time, and also many other P.T's throughout Las Vegas over the years. I always liked this particular location because of the views of the runways. Also, this location always seemed clean and virtually smoke-free....relative to other locations. I now live in South Florida and was waiting for my flight back to Miami on a Saturday night, so I stopped at this P.T's for two beers and some food before returning my rental car. Long story short - the beer was twice what it was a few years earlier....and the philly cheese steak was a complete rip-off. I thought it was a joke when the girl brought it to me. I was starving, so I didn't say anything, but it was half the size they used to be....and had yellow "Velveeta" cheese on it, with no onions and only a few specks of bell pepper. Aren't they supposed to use Swiss on a philly? It was basically nothing but bread, and I only got about five fries with it. The bill was something like $25...plus tip. $30 for a snack?? I could have eaten at the airport cheaper than that! The waitress was cute and attentive, but the place was empty. I think I was her only customer. I hate to have to rag on businesses and be a whiner, but enough is enough. How much money do these places have to make anyway? Like they don't make enough on gambling and liquor, the have to ream you on crappy food too?  Two stars only for the view.
1	Horrible!!Asked for a menu, waitress came back an hour later! Only 6 other people in bar.
4	Great place to stop and have a few drinks and a little video poker,awesome bartenders, they.make my drinsk just the way I like them. I will continue to visit this one, its not a packed place,a pretty chill environment!!
3	We have not been to a PTs is a long time, we used to go to Sierra Gold and used to really like their wings.  Tonight we got a kale and watermelon salad which was amazing and an order of wings.  The wings were actually not that good, they were overcooked and very dry and the oil tasted rancid like it has not been changed in a while.  It was kind of sad but the bartender Sean was really nice and friendly.I am sure the rest of the food is good as it is really based on the cook in the kitchen.  We may go back there again but still are looking for a place we can enjoy good food and a few drinks.
1	Looking for something other than fast food for lunch my husband and I stopped in.  Right down the street from his work and just a few streets from mine we figured that we'd have plenty of time to eat and get back to our respective jobs within our hour lunch.  We were wrong.When you enter there is a sign that instructs you to seat yourself; we did and the server came over within a couple of minutes.  She took our food and drink order and was off; after she dropped off our drinks however, we didn't see her again at our table though we did see her bouncing around to all of the other tables that had also come in.  As time ticked later and later I finally went to the bartender to ask for our check and a box and she shrugged and pointed to the server and then turned and walked away.  I naturally assumed that the woman was a mute but then I heard her speak to a person seated at the bar and realized she simply didn't want to be bothered by someone who wasn't "her customer".  Once I finally managed to get the servers attention it still took a bit before we were able to get out the door.  I don't necessarily blame the server because if she's the only one working that speaks more of an issue with management scheduling than server ability but I can't believe that a manager never came out to help her.  The food was okay for what it was but I would never go back for the lack of service alone.
1	My friends and I use to love this PT's Kady was our favorite waitress we always called to see if she was in ,that's how awesome she was :) but she is not there anymore , just this past Friday we went to have a few drinks for my husban's bday when we first got there the first bar tender was on point he was really friendly I believe his name was Sean , after we moved to the pool table area to play we didn't get no service , when one of my friends asked why hasn't anyone come and take our order the waitress was rude saying if you have a tab in the bar you have to come here and order and get your stuff .there was a really loud and annoying couples on the other table and they were getting serve the entire night waitress was even having long conversation with them we decided not to let it ruin our night but at the end we all wanted to take shots for the bday boy as one of my cousins asked for them the bartender that was there at that time said " I don't have time , why don't you look it up and tell me what's in that shot " we all looked at each other saying "did that just happened" so yeah it was a horrible night with really bad service and we will never stop at that PT's ever again unless Kady came back ;P
2	Everything is just ok even if your hungry. Service is suspect. The daytime bartender (Heidi) won't change the channel on both of the tv's in front of me because one customer requested both tv's first. I'm glad he didn't request all the tv's in the place. Come on Heidi think for your self.
4	I never know what to get at the typical bar food place, but the waitress recommended the pulled pork sliders...yumm...my buddy had a burger which he said was outstanding, but maybe next time I am near there I will try it...
5	Haven't been here in awhile. Wasn't impressed when I was in here last spring. Thought I would give it a try a couple of weeks ago. Glad I did!  The service at the bar was excellent! Traci, the bartender and a new addition,   gave me and the others at the bar her full attention and made all of us want to come back!
