5	I tried many place, this is one of the best massage place in Mesa.  This place is clean and the staff are friendly and professional.  I was treated 2 hours massage, setting in a  room with a relaxing atmosphere, the music, the lotion, the herb oil, the pressure on my back, etc.. everything just right to help me to relax each inch of my tense muscles.  This is a place I strongly recommend to my friends and the others to come here.
5	I've been there twice, this clean, professional, friendly place makes me to go over and over again.  They use Chinese herbal oil once if needed, that's really release your muscle pain or tight back.  If you are looking for a real massage therapy, this is the one My strong recommendation.  They won't disappoint you and you will certainly feel like brand new one after it.
2	So disappointing. It's inexpensive so I wasn't expecting a lot in environment but hoping for a good massage. Alas, the quality of the massage matched the look of the place. I walked in and there's a super tiny area where everyone is checked in and out. The masseuse was finishing getting payment,looked at me but didn't say a word. Awkward! After the other customer left, she never introduced herself, never smiled, said a greeting. It was just saying my name.  Have you ever had the feeling the person was hoping that you wouldn't show up so they could get a break? That was this woman. I was escorted to the massage room, she beckoned to the table with her hand and stood there. Do I get on the table, do jumping jacks or ? Still hoping that the massage itself was going to be worth it. But no. I asked her several times to go firmer and it was one of the most gentle pressures I've ever had. Kind of like someone just rubbing lotion into your skin. After a few attempts, I gave up that she was doing anything but putting in her time. This place may be better than this one lady but I think she would have been much happier if I pulled a no show so that she could get her desired rest.
5	My husband and I went for massages here for our anniversary. The two massages we received were towards the top of our list as the best massages we have gotten. Don't under estimate this small shop.
5	My husband and I went for a 1 hour massage earlier this morning. I really like how we were checked in almost immediately.  The massage therapist asked me which muscles hurt and she delivered an incredible massage that really eased the pain. Customer service is top notch, we werent kept waiting, pricing is excellent and the massage was worth every penny! They just got themselves a new regular :)
