5	Wife had an "incident" with our Durango and a stucco wall.  I called and received estimates in person from at least 5 other shops.  Amy new my name when I walked in the door based on a previous phone call and Patrick knows more about paint then I can fathom.  From the moment I walked in I knew these were people I liked and trusted.  Great customer service and finished a day earlier than expected.  Amy helped me get a great rental car and argued the price down for me, then again when the rental place tried to overcharge me.  As an added bonus the paint and dent removal looked OEM and like nothing ever happened. Plus the entire car was spotless.  I would recommend them to anyone!  Thanks guys!Jason
5	Had my Ford F150 repaired and painted. Bedside and back door replaced. Everything is lined up nicely. The paint is consistent.   The price is fair.   Patrick,  the shop manager had it back in my possession in a reasonable time.   Customer service was great
5	The crew at Renew are amazing! I've taken a few of my vehicles to them over the years and the quality and timeliness have always been perfect. They do all the work with the insurance company and even arrange rental car pickup at their shop. It's always been a pleasant experience and I've even taken my cars there before I sell them for a "refresh" which has always been a very fair price and allowed me to sell my vehicles like showroom quality.
2	Wife brought her 2012 Acura TL for front bumper replacement. Nice enough folks but work was promised to be done in 2 hours. 2 turned into all day. I can deal with that. What i can't deal with is we then discovered a sensor cable hanging from bumper two days later. Once again wife had to bring in to be told while it's a coincidence cable is hanging, it might not be their fault. Really??? Are clients considered Kentucky stupid until proven different? Come on Patrick. Now battery has failed and cables had to be replaced. Now sensor is malfunctioning. Pat, you're good, get better.
