4	I've been to corporate events, concerts and Spring Training games here, and I've been consistently surprised at how well they do what they do.  First the field.  At Spring training games you are so close you feel like you're watching a little league game.  The grass is go green it almost looks fake (it's not).  And the backdrop of office and apartment buildings is decidedly suburban.  I finally get the big draw.  Next - the vendors. Taco in a bag (must experience to believe).  Strawberries and banana dipped in chocolate on a stick.  Great pizza.  Amazing choices of beer.  Oh, if only they had a selection of soda the way they had a selection of beer.  Parking is plentiful and the grounds are always kept neat.  Folks who work there have all been helpful and friendly.  It may feel like it's forever away from our Phoenix core, but it's not to far for an experience that BOB or Chase Field could never provide.
5	Went here for a Spring Training game on Saturday, not one complaint!  Parking was only 5 dollars, we got great seats for only $20 a piece.  Everything was clean,  the food was great.  Next time maybe I'll venture further than a hot dog, but it was a great hot dog at that!  Washing it down with a nice cool budweiser on a spring afternoon, it doesn't get much better than this....
5	I was taking grounders and this field is as nice as Pac Bell (oops I mean SBC. oops I mean AT&T).  There's a specially designed infield lip so there's no noticable transition between grass / dirt.The problem isn't the groundcrew but the AZ sun for pop ups.  I almost dropped two fly balls balls.  Now when someone basket catches a pop-up, they call say, "oh he didn't have a good beat on the ball, he cha-chianged it".Players hang out across the street at Dave's BBQ, at DC Village and the brewery in Fashion Square
5	Outstanding Spring Training locale. Padres share this facility with the Mariners, and the folks who staff the place during spring baseball are some of the nicest folks you'll ever meet. Lots of practice fields, and access to players. If you're an autograph seeker, or just a fan of the game, this is a really unique (and at times surreal) experience. Great for young kids.The fare at this park is the best of all spring training locations. They've got it all, and the layout is much more family-friendly than other parks. Lots of grass, shaded dining areas, and fun stuff for kids to play on/around.
4	I've been going to Peoria since they opened.  Even when I lived in Seattle, I would fly back to Phoenix to watch the M's play ball in Peoria.  This is really one of the best parks in the Cactus League.Getting there is a breeze.  Not only does the 101 freeway run right by it, but it is just south of Bell Rd.  It is easiest to reach the complex by coming North on 83rd from Peoria (don't do Thunderbird) or Cactus and then parking at the Buca Di Beppo's across the street.  You can park there for free and, a short walk later, you will be at the front gate.Once you are in, the exterior concourse is filled with food options that only a Carny could love.  Fried Oreos, Twinkies, and something called Taco in a Bag (crushed Fritos or Doritos topped with beans, salsa, lettuce, and cheese).  There are gyros, bbq, sausages, Dodger Dogs-corndogified, and many of the traditional ballpark food options.  Prices range depending on where you are so look around.The grass is some of the best in the Cactus League and allows fans to watch the pitchers warm up in the bullpen as well as catch the game.  Most of the seats are on the smaller size and have not been updated since 1993.  The exception is the upperdeck where, in 2008, new padded seats were installed.  Those seats also feature a waiter who will get you anything you need from the main concession stand.  There is a concession stand up stairs for those seats and there is also a bathroom.  Very nice amenities for tickets that usually hover around $26.  For shaded seats, sit in either the 200 or 300 sections.  The third base line gets more shade than the first.Player access is somewhat spotty.  Both teams use the practice fields to warm up and do their drills so you won't find them on the field until about an hour before the game starts.  Once they start coming out, you can camp out down the right field line to get all of the players as they come on the field.  If you want a better spot, cross the bridge into the right field berm and go down the hill.  There is a fence that all of the players walk by and most will sign there as opposed to once they get on the field.The best part of Peoria Sports Complex is that they tend to host more night games than the other stadiums.  There are usually 3 or 4 every year which is great for locals who can't take a month off of work.  My only gripe is with the employees.  The place is staffed with volunteer retired Sun City people.  They are grumpy and always on a power trip.  They always want to check your ticket (even when both hands are full of food) and act like they are the last line of defense between the terrorists and the field.  While they can put a blemish on the experience, overall, it is always great to catch a game at Peoria.
5	You like baseball? A true fan? Do NOT miss the Cactus League. The Peoria Sports Complex is one of the best of class. Both the Mariners and Padres prepare for the MLB season in Peoria for one glorious month in March. Tickets are cheap. You can go wander around to any one of about a dozen fields to watch both major leaguers and minor league players work on their craft. The weather will be warm and sunny. There are some nice hotels within walking distance of the complex but if you want to stay in one of those you better make your reservation well ahead of time as they book up fast for the month of March.Last year Ichiro signed for a bunch of people. Bring a sharpie and a baseball, hat, shirt, etc. and someone is going to sign for you, if you are into collecting autographs.If you have young kids get the General Admission "Grass" seats. They can roam around without bugging people. Fun to roll a baseball back and forth with them too. Bring some strong sunblock or they will burn quickly, which can make for a bad couple of days. Sunglasses also a good idea as my son got eyeburn last time we were there. I would get to the park when it opens as you can catch batting practice. Amazing displays put on by some of these guys.
4	This review is slightly bias, seeing that I was in the press box. This park is very nice. Has ample parking and a ton of restaurants in the area for before or after the games. The food in the stadium is typical overpriced stadium food. I had the chicken teriyaki bowl for $7. The vendors are comical (you will hear the lemonade guy from across the stadium). I'd definitely see another game here in the future.
5	I'm a big baseball fan and I was very impressed by the Peoria Sports Complex. I witnessed my first game here yesterday when I watched the Mariners and Giants (my team) play.There are plenty of places to eat near the park on Bell if you don't want to eat inside the stadium and pay the higher prices.. As far as inside the stadium, there are plenty of concessions, drink carts and specialty stands that line the complex.  If you sit in the bleachers you have lots of options out there.  I was going to get the Ruthian hot dog (foot long) towards the middle of the game. I ended up eating a Brat because the last Ruthian was just sold before I ordered and would take at least 10 minutes to cook one. Bummer! Personally, I enjoy watching most spring training games from the lawn. You get to soak in the sun, have a bit more space to stretch out and food, drink and restrooms were close by here.  Lawn seats are just $6. The lawn is the best place to sit if you have a larger group or have kids. Lawn chairs are prohibited.Restrooms were clean, even towards the end of the game.Parking was $5. There was plenty of parking available. There was only a slight delay exiting the stadium onto Bell to 101. I ended up going through the light on Bell, made the first U turn I could and then took a right on Bell towards 101. That may have saved a few minutes instead of waiting to turn left on Bell.The only downside I see is the high price of food and drinks. I assume souvenirs were just as pricey ( I didn't check). This complaint will be said over and over at any spring training stadium or pro stadium though.   Even if you aren't a fan of the Padres/Mariners or team they are playing, I'd check this stadium out. It's a fun experience.What beats a ball game with friends in the sun, drink in one hand and hot dog in another? Not much!
5	Had a great day at the Mariners game today.  There are tons of great places to eat with everything from Gyros to Funnel Cakes.  They also have a great beer selection with many premium beers on draft and in big bottles.  My favorite part of the stadium is the huge lawn area.  For $6 you get a great spot in the outfield lawn and watch the game perfectly.  It's my favorite park and luckily for me my favorite team plays in it.
4	Went here for Padres Spring training. Very nice new stadium. Tons of beer and food options, although it is overpriced. The stadium seating is very nice.
5	My visit to the Peoria Sports Complex was a dream come true! I mingled among my favorite San Diego Padres and swapped stories with other fans. The staff is super friendly; one gentleman, John Bear helped us snag a photo with Skipper Bud Black! Another hooked my son up with a pin and stickers. We loved hanging out at the perfectly manicured practice fields as well as enjoying two games at the stadium. It's family-friendly, clean, and the price is right!
5	Great stadium to watch spring training.Parking is ample, is paved, and is easy in and out.All of the seats seemed to be good seats.The concessions are nicely situated.  This stadium also has very good coverage of people selling beer and snacks at the seats.The prices are not as ridiculous as I had expected (only $6 for a draft beer).The bathrooms are large and surprisingly clean.
5	Aaaaahhh, Spring Training in Arizona.  The perfect opportunity to spend a sunny afternoon outside, enjoying America's Pastime.I really like the Peoria Sports Complex, and not just because it is the home away from home for one of my favorite teams, the San Diego Padres.  The facility is great for seeing a game - I don't think you can find a seat with a bad view of the action.  Lawn tix are only $6, and if you become overwhelmed by the influx of families/small children you are free to roam around the entire stadium (and maybe score yourself a better seat!).  Concessions are abundant and ladies, the restrooms are clean!  Yeah!What was especially cool for me on this particular Sunday was seeing Tony Gwynn, Jr. play - a solid Padre, just like his dad!  I saw TG Sr. play many times at the Q/Jack Murphy Stadium - I was even there to see his number retired at Petco Park...I had a great time soaking up some sun, enjoying a few cool Sierra Nevadas with my friend, AND the Padres won!Words of wisdom from a roaming vendor:"It's warm and sunny, it's not raining, enjoy a beer at Spring Training!"
5	Eat Mor Chikin. That's all I can say. Chik-fil-A and baseball apparently go together like pitching and Tommy John surgeries. To avoid paying a premium for buying food at the ballpark, we stopped at a nearby Chik-fil-A for a quick bite. I spent $6.29 on a chicken breast sandwich, fries and a drink, and what did I find inside my paper bag? A coupon for $5 off baseball tickets. Talk about a win-win! Peoria Sports Complex is another great ballpark in Arizona! We came here last Monday for a Giants/Padres night game, and I was really impressed with the facilities. With the aforementioned coupon, we were able to purchase $21 club level seats for $16 apiece. Now, mind you, these are premium, wide, padded seats between home plate and first base for $16. Plus, you get an exclusive concession area and an elevator, should you need one. Most people in the section were older, armed with a scorecard and a #2 pencil. Our friend even caught a ball when he went to get a beer (and by "caught" I mean "found it on the ground" because he was the only one getting a beer at that time). The ballpark's batter's eye reminded me of PETCO Park, which, I am sure, is not coincidental. Peoria Sports Complex has the best scoreboard in all of Cactus League, too. I am sure while reading this, some Padres AND Giants fans might channel Skip from Bull Durham and say: "What do we need a scoreboard for? We haven't scored any runs all season!" I am sure that's about to change. Parking here at Peoria Sports Complex is another matter. For $5, you get to park close to the stadium, but if you are too lazy to walk, just take the shuttle. The shuttle is a guy in a golf cart that seats seven. Man, I would pay $5 just for the ride. It's fun, kind of like a roller coaster ride for shut-ins. Highly recommended. Note: Nearby Hooters is open late after the game. So if you started your night with a chicken breast sandwich like I did, you can end your night with . . . Well, I'll let YOU finish that sentence.
4	Mariners spring training is the reason I was here, and have to say it was a blast! Weather was perfect, seats were very comfortable, and prices were really reasonable. While we did have actual seats on the lower level behind the third base dugout, I was looking at the sea of humanity sitting out on the lawn area just over the wall and wondering how much are those seats? I found out later they were only $6 and given the number of homers hit that day, I was jealous I wasn't out there to snag a few of them! Sun was shining, the beer was cold, seats were great, and the Mariners won!  A splendid way to spend the afternoon!
5	Go giants.   This a nice stadium.
4	Cheap food cheap and cold and plentiful beer, and good baseball, whats not to like !!?
5	Peoria Sports Complex is a great facility for spring training baseball.  We went to this ball park on Friday, March 4th to see the Reds and Mariners.  The best seats in the house are in any section behind the home plate area.  We scored two great seats in Section 206 Row 2 just to the right of home plate for only $38.  The concession stands have your standard ball park fare.  However, there are a few independent concession stands where you can buy food items such as indian fry bread, fried noodles and other goodies.  You can even by an all you can drink cup ( 32oz ) for $9 and enjoy unlimited soda refills the entire game.Peoria Sports Complex does spring training right. Its what spring training is all about and if you haven't watched a game here then you truly haven't watched spring training baseball.  Parking was only $5.I even got to shake Dusty Bakers ( Reds Manager ) hand after the game.
5	Once we made our way through the maze of strip malls and actually found the entrance to Peoria Sports Complex, I could tell right away that this was a nice stadium. Sure it's a little off the beaten path, but it's worth the drive. Home to the Mariners and Padres, this truly is another state of the art spring training facility. Parking is $5 but there's plenty of it and I really enjoyed the multiple golf carts driving around that offer visitors a ride to and from their car, especially on an uncommonly hot day like last Saturday. We first went to the sales window and upon realizing that will call was on the other side, a staffer driving a golf cart gave us a friendly ride to the other side. Once we picked up our tickets, we were inside and to our seats within minutes. The stadium is really nice. I don't think there's a bad seat in the entire ballpark, including on the grass. I will say that if you like to sit in the shade, plan accordingly because not many of the seats are graced with shade. I noted that the only seats with shade are the ones directly below the announcer's boxes, even the ones under the overhang get some sunlight from sun peaking through the roof. But, just lather on that sunscreen and you'll be good to go!                     I really enjoyed the crowd here at Peoria Sports Complex. Some of the stadiums can get extremely rowdy during the game and for some are the front for spring break 2011 (I don't even think they realize a game is going on). However, the crowd here was much more relaxed so I think this is a good "off the beaten path" stadium where people aren't quite as rowdy and instead are just there to have a couple beers and a good time in the sun watching baseball. Now let's move on to the food. I probably could have eaten my way through this stadium and I would have been happy. I saw a frozen yogurt stand, a flat bread stand, funnel cake, kettle corn, Hawaiian noodles, BBQ, gyros, pizza...you name it, this stadium has it. It's like a carnival with a baseball game in the background. While I mentally ate everything mentioned above, I psychically only had half of a hot dog and when I say half, I mean half of a foot-long sausage which technically means I had a whole hot dog. The sausage was really god and barbecued fresh in front of our very eyes. I highly suggest trying it out..and then have some funnel cake and maybe some fry bread and maybe some fro yo? You'll roll out of there but who cares when there is so much good ballpark food to choose from! I think the Peoria Sports Complex has done an incredible job and truly making it a "take me out to the ballgame" day and I happily drive the distance for a game out here.
4	This is the spring training home of the Seattle Mariners and San Diego Padres. Now I have to say that each time I go to one of these amazing Gems in The Arizona Cactus League....I always meet someone from out of town who have traveled to see there beloved franchise play some spring training baseball. This time it was a little different because I met a Family of 7 from Seattle Washington and this was there first ever trip to a spring training game to see the Mariners. I said all of that to say this....that is exactly what spring training is about...the travel....family....a great day at the ballpark....hopefully getting a few autographs....and soaking up the beauty of the Arizona landscape. Now this Complex is small...but quaint....parking is 5 bucks....but the walk to the stadium is not far at all....the food is average...but the vendors are unique....there is not a bad seat in the house....and all the senior citizens that work there are so friendly. So if your ever in Peoria and want to see some good old fashioned spring training baseball at a good old fashioned spring training park please visit the Peoria Sports Complex....and while your there Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
4	Seattle Mariners and San Diego Padres Spring Training Home. Beautiful State of the art stadium. Large new shopping mall across the street with lots of restaurants for you after game enjoyment. Parking fee is $5. Be sure to bring your sunscreen.
5	Other than the price of beer, I love this place! what more could you ask for. Baseball, Beer and Great Arizona weather.
4	great place to take the family and catch a little spring training baseball. watching my PADRES wallop the CUBS 14 - 4 was a very pleasant way to spend a saturday afternoon. JULIANA and WYATT made it all the way thru the 7th inning stretch -- though a steady stream of hot dogs, sodas, snow cones and ice cream probably helped.had great fun watching my kids sing "TAKE ME OUT TO THE BALLGAME" -- transported me back to seeing games with my dad when i was a kid ...i wish PETCO PARK had as many interesting places to eat. sure seems like if you're gonna shell out $6 for a bottle of water you ought to be washing down something more tasty than the corporate factory food offerings there are in SAN DIEGO.
3	If you're looking for a fun day out during Spring Training... you're looking at the right place. The food is decent and the seats are all pretty great. I don't really have any deciding factors that would possibly make me rate the sports complex higher...
5	Great place to catch a baseball game especially if its for the USA Junior Olympics!
5	Awesome place for baseball. Annual visitor with baseball team and love watching future MLB stars.You can also come during the spring and watch spring training. Lots of great shopping and restaurants nearby.
3	great place to watch a game
4	Definitely a great Spring Training center and fantastic for catching players from both the Padres and the Mariners, as well as the visiting teams. Get there early!The park has great seats and the outfield grass area is a nice place to watch a game as well. Plenty of hotels and restaurants nearby. I'm not a fan of the Padres or the Mariners, but this is a great place for a Spring Training visit. Include this park in your trip to AZ if you visit at that time to check out the games.
4	Fun, Fun, Fun! Spring Training with the BFF soaking up some 'zona sun and throwing back some beers was exactly what was ordered. I couldn't believe how many peeps were rocking M's gear-I almost felt like I was back in Seattle! Everyone was super friendly and just looking to have a good time...Save your cash-buy some lawn tickets and just kick back. Clean facility-parking is easy peasy-the only thing keeping it from 5 stars? Uggg, my long treks to the bathroom that felt like miles after indulging in one too many beers. Oh, and there was the mediocre selection of Spring Training swag which was a bummer. I was really looking forward to getting a new T to commemorate SP but the souvenir shops had some cut rate Walmart-y shirts I couldn't stomach.Anyhoo, highly recommend the complex. Pack the peeps in and kick it back, kids!
4	Peoria Sports Complex is home to the SD Padres and the Seattle Mariners. It is a very nice stadium in Arizona's collection of Spring Training venues. Nice layout, good area of town, and with lawn tickets at only $6 it's a deal that is hard to beat. Like most of the other stadiums, the parking is $5 and it is fairly easy to get into and park. I deduct a star because the lawn area in left field isn't too great since there isn't enough slope and can make it hard to see over the fence and other people's heads, plus there is a lack of shaded seats in the stands. Other than that, this is a Spring Training facility I definitely recommend. It is worth the trip from anywhere in the valley.Tip: Not positive, but you may be able to park across the street in the huge shopping area with all of the restaurants.
4	I not sure a day can get better then Cactus League baseball. Nice crowd, fun atmosphere, tickets where ony $6.00. What a great deal! It has an awesome ballpark feel. The food was good and pretty cheap compared to what I am used to at baseball games. The hot dogs are giant! I would have given it 5 stars if not for the fact the beer my girlfriend recieved was just cool when she got it. Not cold at all. Needless to say after about 10 minutes in the sun it was warm and undrinkable. I think when we go again (can't wait) we will just get beer from one of the vendors that have bottle in ice and not draft. I think it would have been perfect then.
5	Dear San Diego Padres,You're always a great Spring Training team! Especially when you practice and play at the PSC. The hours of pre-game up-close access to throwing, batting practice, fielding drills and such is AWESOME!! Players are friendly, attentive to the kids (and sometimes even pesky adults) and the complex lends itself well to having a great Spring Training experience.The games are played in the 'oldest' park on the Arizona Spring Training circuit, but the venue is great and we love that berm tickets are still rock-bottom priced. Good grub and beverages make this an annual trek worth making.However, why do you suck so bad during the regular season? sniff sniff...Love,Padres Fans
3	A great place to see a game, but be aware that the folks working there are sometimes less then helpful.  Examples include seeing them make elderly people stand around, no helpful seating placed at random places for somebody to take a load off.  Also, bathrooms are often overloaded, disgusting, and leaky.  Best way I can describe this.  Just needs some work.
5	Yeah ~ Spring Training!!  This is my favorite ballpark to watch the Spring Training games.  It is close to home, the parking area is great, and its really clean.  Plus, they have the best lawn seats of any of the stadiums I've been to, not too steep, so you don't feel like you're about to roll downhill.  Lawn seats are great for kids, you don't have to try to keep them in a seat.  Even when it gets crowded, it's laid out nicely so it doesn't seem too congested.  There are lots of concession stands and team shops too.
3	Great place to watch a game! Have a lot of choices for snacks and food. Cashiers do take Credit Card!!! Only problem was traffic, it sucks getting in and it sucks getting out!!!
3	I've been here a few times for Spring Training. The facility is nice enough but seems a bit dated. The seating is not the most comfortable but I have to say that the last game I took in here was awesome because we got seats not too far behind home plate in the upper section....but the best part was the it was beneath the announcer's booth  and in the shade which was GREAT considering that I failed to bring sunscreen.The concessions here are a bit limited and while I have nothing to complain about, compared to the other venues I've hit, Peoria is probably my least favorite.
4	I come to spring training every year!! Love it! This stadium is pretty nice. Clean where it needs to be and the staff was very helpful in helping us find  our seats. I like how this stadium is close to a ton of restaurants and bars, since I usually stay in surprise, this is a nice change.
5	The one thing keeping me going when I drove across the country to San Diego was knowledge that I had 1st row behind home plate tickets for the Padres spring training game.  For my first trip to Spring Training, I had an awesome time at the Peoria Sports Complex.  It was super easy to get great seats, and my 1st row ticket only cost $28.  Not bad for living the life of luxury sitting next to the Padres brass.  I particularly enjoyed watching Omar Minaya have to consult the media guide to read the bio on each Padres prospect that took the mound or came up to bat.  Good to know our highly compensated club VP is really on the ball.  The stadium had a decent selection of craft beers, but I had to walk to the outfield to get it.  When you are sitting in King's seats behind plate, you don't want to trudge out to the outfield with the plebians to get a Fat Tire Dig, but sometimes you have to swallow your pride for a quaffable oat soda.  A real bonus of coming to Peoria was the In N Out literally two blocks outside of the parking lot exit.  A real anti bonus is that things in Phoenix are way further apart than they look on Google Maps.  It took me 35 minutes to get to Peoria from the Scottsdale W I was staying at.  Oh well, Padres spring training was worth it, even if they lost.
4	If you are a baseball fan then this has a major leage team with a smallville field. Every seat has a great view and the prices are sooo affordable. Weather in AZ is hot ... but it's a dry heat an in the spring, it's comfortably cool. If you drive from CA, the gas prices are about 50 cents cheaper so don't forget to fill up before you cross over to Cali.
4	PSC is the home of the Mariners and Padres Spring Training facility. It's about 20 years old and is one of the older parks MLB clubs train at. My first time there was quite pleasant. I was there to watch the Dodgers play the Mariners. The ticket prices were great with seats escalating by only about 2 dollars per level ($20-$28) so buy your tickets early to sit closer.FAVORITE part of PSC:THE BEER!!!They had more than a dozen beers on tap and charged only $7.5 for a 20 OZ brew. $7.5 at a sporting event?! More places need to follow suit!  I had two cups of the Magic Hat Number 9 which was some delicious stuff. The staff was super friendly to us. The parking attendants smile at EVERYONE and actually answer questions politely. The guy that sold us our beer was super friendly and chatted us up about our weekend plans. I would definitely go back for the great service and the beer... also for my Dodgers when they play there!
4	It's one of the older new spring training facilities if that makes any sense.  Pretty much everyone is doing shared facilities now.  Pretty much everyone has at least 4 practice fields per team now.  Pretty much everyone has grass berms now.  Peoria Sports Complex was at the forefront of all these trends.Apparently the complex is showing some age with the clubhouses so there is a few million dollars of renovations happening before next year.  From a fan standpoint, everything seems well taken care of.The team store is a bit cramped.  Prices are terribly expensive in there, but it's expected.  Hopefully they expand the store with the renovations.The food is above par.  They got teriyaki bowls, gyros, funnel cake, kettle corn, and bbq.  Also the usual hot dogs and nachos and stuff.  They have a interesting deal with unlimited soda, I forget how much exactly, but it's a good deal if you fill up at least 2 or 3 times.  The specialty food kiosks won't take credit cards but the normal food and beverage stands will.The staff is always very friendly.  They'll drive you around on golf carts if you are going from the practice fields to the stadium.I look forward to visiting every March.
5	The Padres and Mariners share a beautiful ballpark.You can walk around the whole complex and a wide walkway that captures the baseball experience!
4	Peoria Sports Complex is a fun place to go see games and they are home to the Mariner's, my (second) home team! It's a nice park, not too big, but not too small. There are a lot of places to get food, but none of them look particularly tasty. I was also slightly miffed that they started charging 5$ for parking....pretty lame. Other than that, this place is good, I went a couple weeks ago to see Mariner's/Cubs, and it was a fun game to watch. I will definitely come back here, and encourage others to come support the M's!
5	I made it !This was a long drive from San Diego, but worth it. The players were so accessible. My husband, the biggest Padres fan--EVER had the best time. We went to Wal-Mart before the game and purchased some baseballs and a Padres pennant (for my husband, I personally am a Los Angeles Dodgers fan), and collected about 5 different players autographs before the game.My only regret was that we couldn't stay longer and see the other Spring Training games.
5	This facility is still holding together very well even though it is getting a little dated compared to some of the newer facilities like Salt River, etc.  Tons of places to eat around it and the staff is always super friendly.
5	Spring training! This is a fun time to take the family on the weekend. It is very nice with ample parking. There are people who drive around and can drop you off. It was a really fun experience and I can't wait for spring training next year.
5	Really enjoyed my visit here.  Very clean, family friendly, LOVE how close everywhere is to the field.  You really feel closer to the game - albeit a spring training game.  Can't wait to come back next year!
5	Great time trick or treating. Everyone was super nice and it was very affordable.  Thanks city of Peoria.
5	Friendly staff, fun fans, and an overall fun atmosphere. Get here to watch practice and not pay for parking. Go walk across the street for lunch and come back to watch a game. For us cold weather folks sun, beer, and fun. Fun way to earn up our bones.
5	Love this stadium for spring training. Great staff makes for a nice day of baseball. Great selection if food and beers. Go see John under the Four Peaks tent for the best tri-tip nachos in Peoria!
5	This is the best spring training facility! It is combination county fair and baseball game! The food trucks are great and keep the ballpark from having a corporate America feel . The cheapest beer and hot dogs around! I love it here and have been coming for many years...will keep coming back!!!
4	This was my 3rd Spring Training ballpark visit, and I think this ballpark is great.  Although a pretty long drive (25 miles) in traffic from Phoenix, but it's totally worth the experience.  Home to the Padres and Mariners, this ballpark is a little older than some, but has such a great small town charm.  The food options have the traditional hot dog concessions, but what makes this place are the food tents surrounding the stadium which are like things you see at a county fair.  They have gourmet pizzas hand-stretched, and BBQ (pork. brisket, chicken), Terriyaki Bowls, Chicago Style Hot Dogs and Italian Beef, Wrap place, Fish Tacos and Burritos, Kettle Corn, Hawaiian Shaved Ice, and some sort of breaded pork sandwich stand.  They have a Red Hook tent that serves Red Hook on draft, and another that serves Four Peaks brewing along with other macro brews.Views are great as you walk around the ballpark including some lawn seats in the outfield where I saw several kids enjoying running around by the fences.Beware of foul balls.... you are super close to the game and the balls were flying when I was there, but as long as you are alert, you should be okay.
1	This was my first time at this stadium for spring training. I have been in Arizona for a week traveling to the different stadiums and this "Peoria" stadium I heard was nice but they had by far the worst ushers I have ever encountered!!! Completely rude and have zero customer service or friendliness to them. From the bottom to the head usher... Nothing but rude!! As soon as I make it into the stands my entire experience was ruined thanks to an extremely rude man named Stewart. I walk down to where everyone is standing to see the players on the field and with an extremely harsh tone he had the audacity to yell at me to go back up the stairs. Not knowing that I was "breaking the rules" as I had just taking a step down to the last step (where tons of people were standing) I kindly apologized (disregarding his horrid tone) go to turn and leave but noticed 15+ people were all standing against the same row of seating so I asked the usher why he has such a disgusting tone towards me and he said you need to move. I would have let it go but it was so uncalled for and such a new level of unbelievable behavior I asked for his name and then asked to speak to the head usher. What a mistake that was!! He was just as rude. Obviously leadership reflects subordinates. When I first asked to speak with him he ignored me and kept walking. Then when I explained the situation he rolled his eyes and said well what would you like me to do about it. Coming from 10+ years of high customer service driven background and working strictly with high profiled athletes, I was beyond baffled at his response. I don't think I'd ever return to facility if these are the types of volunteers they have as the "face" of their facility. Completely ruined my experience so I left. I highly recommend any other stadium over this one.
4	Third baseman just caught a ball in the family jewels, continued to make a double play then sank to the ground. What a guy!  Took a few minutes before he could stand to walk off the field. Think he will be ok after a couple of days with lots of ice packs.
4	For those of us in the West Valley, this is a terrific ballpark!  Right in the hub of Arrowhead, right off Bell and surrounded by excellent restaurants.  The complex is 20 years old and apparently they recently signed new 20 year agreements with the Mariners and Padres, the home teams for this facility.  The park is not as "historical" as Giants stadium in Scottsdale or as fancy as the Dbacks new facility at Talking Stick.  It is however, a very good, well cared for ballpark.  We went the next to the last weekend of Spring training and the outfield lawn was still in great shape, beautiful green and manicured for those looking to track down a home run ball or crash on a blanket under the warm (not hot) Arizona sun. It is after all only late March.You're allowed to take in unopened water bottles and some food, check out their website for exact information.  They have a nice selection of hot dogs, BBQ, gyros, ice cream, etc.  Nothing gourmet but still tasty.Spring training is a great way to see MLB players up close for a fraction of the cost of going to a regular season game, and this is a great park to do it in!
4	Just a great little ballpark.  I remember when this place was new.  There was nothing, I mean NOTHING nearby.  Had to drive for miles on Bell to find a restaurant.  Now it hard to find the ballpark ehind all the restaurants and hotels Great food options, great beer choices and very well laid out.  Great access to the players and an awesome lawn section making it great for families.
5	A great place to see Padres Spring Training baseball. Good facility, good parking and helpful, cordial staff.If they would provide condiments for the hot dogs - onions, deli mustard, dare I ask for sauerkraut - it would be perfect. C'mon even Costco provides these.See you next Spring!
4	Peoria Sports Complex is a great place to catch a spring training game. Of all the spring training venues in Arizona it might be the biggest with the most space and parking. Because the stadium seating is a little taller you get a little more shade, which I think is important.The staff is friendly and can answer any question you have. The food seems to be over prices even in comparison to other spring training venues. I know to expect that food and drinks will be expensive, but it's almost ridiculous.Over all this is a good place to bring the family and friends on a warm sunny spring day. It's kid friendly and I had an overall good experience there.
4	Came here during spring training this year to watch the A's play the Padres.  Parking was easy and plentiful and the lot is actually paved.  The ballpark is quaint with a cozy feeling.  We sat in the lawn area and the tickets were only $7 apiece.  The variety of food available was good and the prices were reasonable.  Besides hot dogs and burgers, they also had stands selling things like pizza, fish tacos, and coffee and smoothies.  The best thing of all was that I won the 50/50 raffle during the game!  The only thing that I thought was a big turnoff was that there were so many aggressive vacation rental sales agents roaming the stadium trying to get me to sign up for a vacation ownership/timeshare tour that I just was not at all interested in.  It was hard to walk anywhere without encountering someone who wanted to get me to sign up for something.
5	Great place for a team meeting. :D
5	Nice stadium. Hassle free parking. Lots of fun.
