5	Nerdvana. Eide's Entertainment is Valhalla for nerds.  No matter what type of geekdom you lust after: music, comics, movies, old science fiction pulp novels, Eide's Entertainment has you covered.With three floors you are bound to find something that tempts the inner geek in you.
5	Eide's Records is THE music store in Pittsburgh. And Comic Books. And other crazy counter/sub-culture items. My first experience with Eide's was in the early 80's when it was on the North Side. I was playing Dungeons and Dragons and they had a ton of books and stuff. The books were under the records, so we'd crawl around under the punks & skins to find the coveted Dungeonmaster manual. It's really how I found out about Punk Music. I bought a Sex Pistols album just because of the name, I was 13 it was taboo. It's a love affair that stills burns today. Eide's is about 20 times the size now in it's Penn Ave location by the Convention Center.
5	One of the things I miss the most about Pittsburgh is Eides.  On the main floor you can satisfy all your musical cravings.  The goth/industrial section is particularly good, and run by the awesome Jim Semonik (aka DJ Hiem).  There's also a nice selection of metal and rock CDs, records, t-shirts, and magazines.  I'm not sure if the used CD section is still around, but at one time it was my dear friend.  Downstairs there's a bevvy of toys and comics - any collector's dream.  Upstairs on the third level are movies, books, and more magazines.  Eides = 3 floors of pure entertainment bliss.  Their super-friendly employees are always ready to geek out with you, too.  I pity the fool that spends time in Pittsburgh without checking out Eides.  The end!
5	Great music selection, and a ton of comics.
5	Eides is quite simply the best entertainment store in Pittsburgh.The Comics floor has an extensive selection of old, new, budget, trades, figurines, pretty much anything you want to know.  And they'll help you find something new if you're stuck or just in the mood for something different.  Jim & Ken are the nicest, most loveable guys and they turn the comic store stereotype on its head.The rest of the store is amazing, but I started going for the comics and I go back for the comics.  :)
4	Three stories of awesome weirdness. In basement you've got comics - lots of superhero mags and a good collection of back issues, but they are weak in the types of books I'm looking for - independents, minis and undergrounds. There's also non-sports cards and figures. The ground floor has music - no comment because I didn't spend much time there.  The second floor has science fiction books, a eclectic assortment of movies, adult comics and even some SECOND HAND PORN.  If you're into these sorts of things, you'll want to allow at least an hour to have a good look around.  I surprised myself by leaving empty-handed, mostly because I can't keep up the books and mags I've already got.
3	It's the comic book store you'd want to hang out at when you were a kid. Everytime I'm at Eide's it's straight down stairs to wait for my kids, and husband to look over the comic books. I think the spinning magazine racks are the same ones my husband remembers from the 70's, lol. The guys are knowledgable, and helpful. It's definitely a trip down memory lane.
5	Fantastic little shop. If you've got a list of hard to find, obscure music and/or movies chances are you'll find them at Eides. Friendly employees that are eager to help and engage in conversation.
1	i just made my very last trip to eides.  if it were 1992 i would have been happy to walk in the front door and just hand over all of the contents of my wallet for everything on my list of must have it now music.  but reality slapped me in the face on this past visit to PA.  i used to schedule regular meccas to this record store because it was crawling with cool books, magazines, vinyl, helpful and cool staff -oddly enough, one of the employees was the drummer on a cd i was on the hunt for.  i probably made his day when i asked him where i could find it.  but times have changed, i have witnessed the demise of all record stores for that matter.  for christsake, they were selling weird wreaths with artificial flowers and ribbons that someones grandmother probably made.  turning away from that i saw a rack with a bunch of thrift store clothes on it?  come to eides for all of your comic books needs, by all means.  when it comes to music and records and the first floor of this store, close it down already.  thanks for the memories.
2	After my visit to Eide's Entertainment, I must say I am not a fan and was in no way impressed. A fact that was even more disappointing, considering it was the only store out of about five or so that I wanted to visit during my weekend in Pittsburgh that I actually got to shop at. Seeing how much other people love it, I feel that my unhappiness with Eide's probably needs some further explanation. First of all, this place is much more of a comic book store than it is a record store, something I was completely aware of going into it. However, I was still disappointed with the selection of records that the store offered. It didn't seem very diverse to me and much of it seemed extremely over priced. I ended up only buying one record from Eide's because of this. In addition, and the biggest reason I am giving Eide's two stars, is the staff here is very, very rude. No, I don't mean your typical "I work at a record store so I am better than you" rude you get at some stores. The employees working on the record level of the store were just plain nasty. I saw a 40+ year old man yell at my little sister for putting a record back out of alphabetical order. Keep in mind, my little sister is about 5 feet tall and maybe weigh 100 lbs. I guess that this guy gets his jollies off of bullying little girls, who knows, but it was unacceptable. To top it off, he did everything but accuse my sister of stealing the record, because he couldn't find it. Of course he couldn't find it because my sister did put it back in alphabetical order where it went. Ass.Long story short, I will never ever return to Eide's Entertainment and I would discourage anyone else who cares about being treated with some sense of decency to do the same. These guys really need to get over themselves.
2	(basement comic store only) Back issues of comics were packed much too tightly into the longboxes. They might want to work on this. The store was clean and well-lit. They have a good selection of Marvel and DC titles, but if you're looking for an independent title, you're pretty much s.o.l. and should head over to Phantom of the Attic in Oakland. I do not work for Eide's so thankfully I have never had to wash the boss's car.
5	Staggeringly comprehensive selection. And a staff who, to a one, was born to work in a comic book store. They even sound like the Comic Book Guy in The Simpsons. Three floors of fun stuff to explore. The one thing is they could be a little less uptight about cel phones and stuff, but what the hell -- it's actually kind of nice that a place in the modern world doesn't place electronic communications above all other forms of interaction.
5	This is an amazing store for all things geeky! Darren brought me here for the first time last last week during one of our Downtown adventures  (it's actually on the tail-end of the Strip or the very beginning coming in from 'town), and I was blown away by their selection of music, comics, toys, and all sorts of other stuff (we never even went up to the 2nd floor where the vinyl and DVD's are). The store is laid out wonderfully and the employees and fun and helpful.I don't know why some people complain about it. I got myself some Hellraiser comics!!!P.S. You should see Darren when he comes into places like this. He turns into an excited little kid! And he knows everything, artists, characters, bands, everything, even impressing the employees! He's a nerd with muscles! ;)
3	I can see how people like this place, but for me it wasn't my cup of tea. It seemed like a giant warehouse full of music, books, movies, and comics, but I wasn't really blown away with the selection.  I was impressed with how many things they had there but quality beats quantity in my book. They had mostly comics and the video game section that they had was rather poor. The location isn't that bad - it's a bit of a walk from the strip and on the edge of downtown.
4	I absolutely loved this place. Sure it has cool new and vintage toys and an assortment of media for sale, but what sold it for me in the first place was its reputation as a good source for vintage funny books. Turns out it pretty much is my perfect comic shop, given it has a GREAT array of gold, silver and bronze back issues in a logically sorted and archived manner, with most of the pricier ($10+) books in Mylars, stuff sorted by Marvel/DC/other, $40+ books in long showcases or on the wall, and the grades, from what I could tell, very fairly assessed with any issues noted on the price tags.I ended up picking up a pretty hefty array of books (as much as I could realistically manage in my carry-on!) and spending a couple of hours in the shop overall. I can't say the staff was especially friendly, but they were professional and helpful. I kind of got the vibe that they don't suffer fools, and given I was an unfamiliar face, they were a bit leery of my presence, especially since I just happened to arrive when their annual sale was starting. If they had been a little more welcoming I would have rated Eide's a full five stars, but then again, I have the sense that they probably wear their slight surliness as a blue-collar badge of honor, so they'd be just as happy with a four-star rating because of that regardless.A most excellent experience overall.
5	I got to spend some time at Eide's when I was in Pittsburgh with a few friends and was impressed with their selection in movies and music.  More specifically, I was impressed with their selection of obscure horror movies and foreign death metal music.  I found myself having to put quite a few things back because it was far too easy splurge and make a huge purchase.  I interacted with one staff person who was very helpful in trying to find a specific artist for me even though the search came up empty.  For those of us who still love to spend time flipping through some music and finding that perfect CD, Eide's was quite the treat and will be a staple for every future Pittsburgh visit for me.
2	Regardless of what Darren W. said, I do not, nor have I ever worked for Phantom of the Attic. However, I have shopped there, and appreciated their selection.
3	This review is totally based on CD's - plenty of DVD's, comic books and tons of stuff I'm not into but it is impressive how much space these guys have. It's a shame that a place like this can't exist in New York anymore. I'm glad a place like this is around, even though I'm not into most of the stuff they have.As for CD's. Impressive amount of metal CD's upstairs - all kinds of metal, every genre. Lots of books too. Problem for me was the prices. They had a bunch of books that appeared to be used that were for sale at the original price. Also, their used CD prices seemed a bit high. I bought a few things but it was more to support the little guy, I really would have wished the prices were a bit lower.Definitely worth looking around if you're in the area.
1	I have never been to a store ran by a bigger bunch of assholes in my whole life. I'd feel better having abandoned hygiene for a week and going to a Ferrari dealer.
1	Visited Eide's when I was working in Pittsburgh.  I collect mostly toys so I spent a lot of time downstairs.  Let's just say that there is a reason the cliche exists of the old, fat, balding assholes with ponytails.  The group that trolls the sales counter are a bunch of scumbags.  Went in to buy something that they were selling for a total of $107.00, and they told me that if I waited a week they were having a giant sale and I could get it as an even better deal.  So I rolled the dice and took the chance.  Low and behold, it was still there, I was very happy, but when I went to pay, the item had suddenly risen in price by almost $75.00.  You could still see the level of dust that was there from how long it was sitting on the shelf.  You could also see the sticker over the old one.  When I called them on their shit, they didn't know whether to shit or wind their watch.  A bunch of deceitful assholes.  I'm willing to bet that it's still sitting there.  The rest of the place and employees were nice enough, but the toys stooges were a bunch of basement dwelling fuck tards.
3	This place is alright. Like another reviewer said, quality beats quantity for me, and quantity is the main strength of this store.Some of the employees are unfriendly, mutter at you, and seem uninterested in customer service. If you aren't sure where something is, they kind of groan at you and give a crappy description of where to find it. For the most part, at least. Keep in mind this isn't all of the employees -- some of the employees are perfectly fine and friendly.Again, the advantage if quantity over quality -- they are more likely to have something random you're looking for, but their shelves also contain lots of crap in the music/tv/movies section. The organization is generally okay -- it's usually in alphabetical order...usually -- so you shouldn't have too hard a time finding something.The weakest section is the music section. There are lots of CD's....but who really buys CDs anymore? The only physical music I buy anymore is vinyl, and their selection isn't great. they have some random new releases, and some old classics....and more Teddy Pendergrass than anyone ever needs. The section I spend the most time in is the basement with the comics and toys. I will admit, the inventory of comics is great. They have a ton of comics here, best in the area as far as I can tell. The prices, aren't great. All of the back issues were marked up at least 50 cents more than I find other places. I'm not one to complain about 50 cents, it just discourages me from buying more from them. This is why I only go there for stuff that I haven't found elsewhere. The toys are more of a great nostalgic trip than anything I'm exactly interested in buying. They contribute to the ambiance, but I can't see myself actually buying any. Although, there was a toy DragonZord there, and once I have a home office, you better bet I will go back and buy that to decorate the new office with it!So if you just want to browse media, it's a fun place to go. If you're looking for something unique or random, you might find it there. But, I wouldn't use it for my regular media purchases.
4	Huge selection of just about everything you can imagine. It's a little pricey but you can find great deals. Definitely have to look though, so plan on being here a while unless you have exactly something in mind!
5	This place is huge. 3 floors of comics & toys ( basement level ), bargain comics & records ( ground level ), & used dvd's, records,  etc ( third floor ). I wish I had more time to spend when I stopped in. Staff seemed friendly. Prices seemed decent on most items, other were priced high because they could be. Some dvd's seemed way over priced compared to online retailers. It's great that it's in walking distance from the strip district. Wish the records were sorted a little better ie metal, pop, etc instead of it just being labeled rock.  This is definitely on my places to go list anytime I'm in town.
