1	Terrible experience with a granite vanity top. Ordered it in December and it took them 2 months to get the pice cut and delivered to the store only to find out they did not have the right color or pattern that we ordered. Attempt number 2 resulted in them delivering it only breaking it in half as they carried it in. 3rd attempt resulted in them not being able to find any alternative granite slab so with a lot of frustration and concern, I finally had them refund my money after this 3 month ordeal. On shelf items might be the way to go but forget about any special orders. Awful experience and lack of any concern to resolve the problem.
1	Its like a huge garage sale, that is over priced. Almost everything is broken, mis-matched, used junk.  Tweaker paradise.  if your rolling through, looking for project to do, or some items to fill up your shortsale, like an old dishwasher,etc.. stop by. Not worth the drive if your far.
2	I bought a white bathroom vanity from this store for about $300. When I saw it at first, I thought "Perfect! It's exactly like the style I want." It was a white cabinet with marble like counter top with raised legs that is probably around $700 at Lowe's or Home Depot. One of the guys who worked there told me I should decide quickly if I was going to buy it or not because things like these sell pretty fast, so I decided to buy it. When I was about to pay for it, I did a final inspection and noticed that the paint was shipping from he corners of the drawers. Of course items end up at a store like this for a reason, so inspect your items carefully. At this point, I did not know if I wanted the vanity after all, but the guy who had been helping me told me they could fix it for me and repaint it. I agreed to this, and when I picked up the vanity I realized they did a very poor job. If I were to shop here again, I would not trust the store to fix any items, and would instead look to get them repaired elsewhere.
1	This was a horrible experience. Paid for the vanity over a month ago. Never received it and am still waiting. And they refuse to give me my money back . Every time I called or went in, it was a different story or excuse. Is there a rating of ZERO stars?
1	I have driven by this place a couple of time and i finally stopped in. I walked around, looked at a few things and it is overpriced for what they are trying to peddle. I was walking around and a salesman started to talk to me and he tried hard to sell me on the value of the junk that was in the building, I asked some questions about some of the vanities that were in stock and then he started to sell me on the granite tops that he could get me and unbelievable savings if I purchased that day sight unseen. I am okay with some damage that I can fix or cover up in a corner or blind spot in the house but the products that were missing legs or beat up like it fell off the back of a truck were a little much for the price stated on the inventory.  I started  to shy away and head for the door when he started to tell me that he was the owner and all his years of knowledge would benefit me because of "his contacts in the biz". I left with a dirty feeling like it was 1980 and I was being lied to by a used car salesman that would say anything to make the sale.Next day, I did some homework at the BBB and found nothing, then I browsed the Arizona Corporation Commission and found that the guy trying to sell me anything and to prepay for things he did not have in stock, was one of the owners of Smashin Buys. I then went to the Maricopa Superior Courts and found some things with him and his partners with multiple businesses that went bankrupt . I am so glad I did not give anything to this company. There are many great Small Business owners in the Phoenix Metro area and I feel this in NOT one of them. I should have looked on Yelp first and it would have saved me time.
