5	i took my pit bull here for his first time ever at a professional grooming place, they have nice big tubs  and even have water proof aprons to use. The owner was knowledgeable with the breed and was very helpful with the self wash as he is a big dog and hard to handle sometimes. She even mixed up a special shampoo for his allergy's at no extra cost.  She clipped his nails for me and he got a free bag of treats with his bath. It only cost me $14 for the wash and $5 for the toe clipping. I will defiantly be back.
4	I've been looking for a good Groomer for the past two years and I honestly, think I've finally found her!  I've driven past this place for the past few months and finally decided to take my dog here. Once again, I absolutely hate getting him groomed (he hates it more) for so many reasons. Groomers never listen to what I want, it's too expensive, they keep dogs for way too long, etc. Seriously, if I make an appointment for 12 and I don't get a call 'til 4, there's something wrong.  But I digress.  None of this was the case with Classic Canine III (where are the first two?).  I made an appointment for 4 and expressed my deep concern for the how I hate groomers that take forever.  She assured me this wasn't the case with her.  I dropped Ollie off at 4:10 and got a call that he was finished at 5:30.  Does it get any better?  What?  $40?  Heck yeah!  Not only was it inexpensive and very convenient but it was 100% the best groom job my dog has ever had.  Everyone thinks they know how a Cavalier should be groomed but this is Vegas and it's HOT.  I like him short.  She did exactly what I wanted.  I hope she gets a lot of business because she deserves it!I really want to give this place 5 stars but I have to say,I really think they need to have a website because it took a couple of attempts to get a hold of the groomer.  Stuff like that is kind of important and it almost made me go somewhere else.
5	Great grooming.  Dogs look great, smell great and happy!
5	Love taking my dog here for grooming. They do a good job, although they do take a while.
5	Jennifer is wonderful!!! I have been following her for about three years now. My dogs are my children so I would never leave them with someone I didn't trust. Margo my usually over grown poodle is always groomed to perfection and greeted with a smile.  I am the worst at scheduling appoitments and she always works with my schedule. I also have an epileptic dog that tends to have seizures when she gets stressed, so jen grooms her quick for me. Once I couldn't get off work in time and Jen stayed late for me. She is a great groomer and a fantastic person. Thanks for always taking such good care of my little monsters!!!! I can't say enough good things about this place.
5	Took my PooChon to Classic Canine III today and am more than pleased with her grooming. She was BEAuTIful and relaxed. Thank you so much for the great experience and for listening to what I wanted. She's perfect. :-)
5	Clean, nice dog washing place. I brought my 80 pound dog here to bathe her myself. Great faculty with bathtub stalls, shampoo, conditioner, towels, brushes, blow dryers, everything! The owners are super friendly and helpful. I paid $14 for the bath service, plus an extra $10 for nail trimming, tooth brushing and ear cleaning. Well worth it not to have to dirty up my house!
5	Always great service with great tips and reminders & they clean up the mess.
5	First time coming to Classic Canine III, couldn't be happier. From making the appointment till after the appointment, service was EXCELLENT!!! We'll definitely going to start taking our Miko here. He came out a HAPPY PUPPY :)
5	If I could i would double the stars. going anywhere else would be a shame. My dog has never looked this good. It has been 3 days now and  I am sure this is the best groomer in the world. Plus Jack was happy and not going crazy to get out of there like he usually is. My husband had even commented how how great he looks and this will be our place to take Jack forever. She was quick too. We have tried a bunch of groomers by far the best.  She seems to really love the animals and treats them as something more than a pet. Love this place
5	Great place, my JRT loved getting a bath here.  I will definitely be coming back again!!! I highly recommend coming here, self wash stations makes it a lot easier to wash your dog they have everything you need!!!
5	I think that Classic Canine provides some great dog grooming at an affordable price. Jennifer is always so friendly and she puts up with my finicky Pug, who always comes home looking like a million bucks. Friendly service and she never forgets an owner or a dog. I highly recommend anyone to come here. Can't beat $30 to have your dog get completely groomed
5	How can I possibly rate Classic Canine appropriately with only 5 stars?  It deserves a million!  Jennifer is so incredibly sweet and caring - you can tell she loves dogs and loves what she does!  Our dog adored her and the shop and he came out looking and smelling like a brand new pup.  We were moving into a new house down the road the day we brought him and Jennifer was kind enough to let him stay for hours after she was finished grooming him so we could keep him out of the chaos.  He was lying free in the shop by the time we were able to pick him up and we thought it was the nicest thing that she kept him out and not crated up all day.  The prices are some of the best I've come across!  Jimmy's a big guy and she charged $50 for his complete grooming.  And he didn't even seem to want to leave.  In the past, he was always dying to escape after a long grooming.  Jimmy will definitely be a regular for grooming here!  We are so happy to have found this wonderful groomer!
5	If I could give more than 5 stars I would. Jennifer is such a lovely person. Her customer service is amazing, she treated my little Yorkie like a princess. Prices are very affordable and the place is extremely clean. I will definitely be going back and I will refer all my friends.
5	We are new to the Las Vegas/Henderson area and just visited Classic Canine III for a full grooming of our 55 lb labradoodle Gus.  Gus is two years old, full of energy and on this visit was quite a ratty mess after a two month road trip.  Making an appointment was super easy and Jennifer was able to get us in right away (two days out - our old groomer was more like two weeks!).  Upon entering the building we were immediately met with a warm welcome by both Jennifer and her dad.  During our brief consultation  we outlined what we did (full body shave, trim head and tail) and did not want (no full face shave, Gus is a doodle not a poodle!) and any potential concerns we might have (long nail quick and cracked upper paw pads).  Jennifer listened attentively, made suggestions and reassured us that Gus would come out looking beautiful.  We were given a return time about three hours out from our drop off time - again, unheard of with our former groomer Gus was usually there for at least six hours!  Gus ended up needing about three and a half hours, but given how dirty and matted he was it was a complete miracle that it didn't take longer.  When we arrived to pick Gus up he was happy to see us, but was not bolting for the door the moment we arrived.  He seemed comfortable, happy and best of all he was beautifully groomed and cleaned.  When we checked out we were pleasantly surprised at the very reasonable rates - $60 for a full groom. This is by far our best grooming experience to date.  Needless to say we are very impressed by Classic Canine III and we will be back soon!
5	Jennifer at Classic Canine is great.  She was very friendly and did a great job grooming our dog.  He is usually a difficult groom, but she had not issues and was finished in record time.  We will definitely be returning.
5	This place is so amazing. I am a german shepherd enthusiast and each time I bring my dog there.... Well the product is amazing. The friendly atmosphere and the help is amazing.
5	I am Da-Wilson-Dog and I jest luvs it at da Classic Canine!  My mom n dad brings me here fer da bafs and dey luvs it cuz dey can wash me and I smell weally, weally gud and den dey doesn't  has ta cwean it all up in da bafroom.  Den Jennifer gived me my haircut and I luked so handsum!!  It wuz my mama's favrite haircut I ever did have!  And Jennifer wuz so nice ta me and I luved her so much dat I didn't want ta go home!  Dis is da best pwace dat I ever did come!  It is da best grumer in da hole Vegas Valley!!!  Woof Woof!!!
5	Bear Loves Jennifer and Wyatt.  Relocated mid-June 2013 and went through 2 groomers before finding Jennifer. Jenn is awesome with Bear - a very high energy 3 year old male Euro Doberman.  She maintains his nails (very important for dobes) and coat with authority and lets him play with her young son, Wyatt.  Prices are reasonable and Jenn always does her best to accommodate scheduling.  What can I write that hasn't already been written?  Jenn and her Dad should be No.1 Best Groomers in Henderson!
5	Great family run small business. Great pricing, always welcoming and helpful. Take both of my dogs here all the time. Half the time it's a dog wash and standup comedy show with Jennifer's dad at the front desk. I'll always recommend and visit
5	There aren't enough stars available to do this place justice. After searching for years for a groomer that I and my dogs both like, I've finally found the spot! Jennifer is the best and my two chihuahuas are always well cared for. I've had some nightmare experiences at other places around time. Let's just say there is a reason why A Round of A Paws has to pay for ad placement! I'll get into that more on their page but Classic Canine III has proven to be a quality business time and time again. As a dog lover, I'm sure you want the very best for your four-legged children. That doesn't have to cost a fortune though! Classic Canine III is affordable (some of the best rates I've ever seen) but nothing is spared in terms of quality work. You won't be disappointed!
5	We take our Boston Terrier to Classic Canine to get his nails trimmed at least once a month. Before finding out about Classic Canine we had taken our dog to many other places in town but never really liked any of them. When I was told about Classic Canine, we decided to try it and have been going there ever since. The staff is always so friendly, even when our puppy gets kind of crazy :) We love Classic Canine!
5	Out of 7+ years with Sir Sweetie Petey, the handsome Maltese, Jennifer at Classic Canine III ranks # 1 with me! Due to a few moves, I've had 4 different groomers. Jennifer has proved to be THEE best of the 4. Can't forget the silly sweet Maltipoo, Charley Larly Loo 3 + yrs old. She's got it down when it comes to the perfectly groomed boyz of my life. If you take pride in how your fur babies look go see Jennifer at Classic Canine III. She even caters to reducing the stress of the grooming experience. Found out if Petey can't see his best bud Charley during his grooming he barks And it's no small yip yip. He's Loud !!Jen, with canine intuition, makes sure Pete can see his buddy Charley.  When it's time to go home, I can tell they're happy little guys. I absolutely love & appreciate the effort put into making the trip to Jennifer's a happy one & am delighted to receive all the compliments on my beautiful boyz.
5	Jennifer is a fantastic groomer, and she's so friendly and kind. It's a pleasure to take our girl there for grooming.
5	In addition to Bear's regular monthly grooming, Classic Canine's self wash has been a godsend to alleviate the skin irritation caused by desert pollen and winds.  Bear enjoys the outdoors but after a week of dust in the wind, he needs a bath.  Jenn's Dad, John couldn't be more helpful with Bear in the self wash.  In fact, Bear always knows when we're headed for Classic Canine and simply can't wait to visit his best buddy, John!  Honestly, I don't know what I would do without Jenn and John.
5	We too just moved here from Tucson and were looking for a dog groomer for our 2 cocker spaniels. Jennifer did an amazing job especially with our 12 year old who can't stand too long.
5	Took Keiki in here for the first time to do a simple self wash ($13) and nail trim ($5) to test out the place. We were immediately welcomed and John made my girl feel at ease. Trim took 5 minutes (compared to the 20 minutes it takes Petsmart) which was wonderful, less time less stress in my opinion. He helped me with the wash since we usually just wash her in our tub so it was a little stressful for Keiki and I at first.  But she shortly got the hang of it and I can tell it'll get easier and easier from now on. They have everything you need and or more than willing to assist! Will definitely be coming here from now on and already booked her first full groom appointment!:)
1	Kind of odd when reviewers have zero friends but give this place 5 stars..hmmm ..So I brought my two dogs here for self wash and was not impressed. Dirty facility, stained towels, and the groomer was taking really mean to a dog she was grooming (he was a bit of a whiner but I don't think yelling at him or telling him shut up is the answer..I don't talk to my dogs that way not would I be cool w anyone else doing that!). Also- the owner was showing me how to use the dryer (FYI I've done dog rescue for 14+ years) and he was holding my dog by her arm under her shoulder and she looked in pain so I told him stop..then he goes on and on about how the owners need training too, to be firm w their dogs. Umm, I know how to train dogs and furthermore I know how to treat dogs..not like you're angry or agressive or potentially holding them in a way that can cause injury..otherwise they hate the bath session forever ! I won't be back..
5	Jennifer is incredible.  We've had a couple different groomers in the neighborhood, just recently leaving natalees thrifty pet because of the way the groomers treated my girls.  We cannot say enough wonderful things about classic canine.  Appointments are usually about a week out, meaning she will not take more then she can handle- which is great.  One of my girls isn't the easiest to groom,  she gets very excited but Jennifer is great with her.  Both dogs come home in 4 hours or less looking beautiful and happy.  A+ business!!
5	This is the second time I've brought my "kids" in to see Jennifer at Classic Canine. I meant to write a review after the first time and quite honestly forgot so I'm rectifying that situation now. Obviously since I've come back with the boys, I was extremely happy the first visit. But here are the details... I had just moved over to the Henderson side of town. Finding a new groomer is a scary prospect. I looked on Yelp and found that Jennifer consistently had excellent reviews. This helped me to make my decision however it was my own personal experience that made me a repeat customer. I've got two furry kids. One is a 5 lb yorkie. (Some groomers just do not know how to handle a tiny dog.) The other is a lhasa apso and he's going on 15 years old. I hold a special place in my heart for both but I especially need a groomer to be extra careful and show a lot of TLC to my old man. He's essentially blind and deaf and his hind legs shake when he has to stand for too long. I explained this to Jennifer and she immediately began loving on him and reassuring me that she would be extra caring with him. I feel entirely comfortable leaving my kids in her care and they look amazing when they are groomed. She is excellent with my little guy as well. She is also very aware of getting my old man groomed quickly at my request so that he doesn't have to be out of his comfort zone for long. Jennifer is sweet, caring and professional and I have definitely found my groomer.
