5	I had the Veggie burrito and it was amazing. What sets them aside from places like M4 burrito is the flavour.  They use a mexican cream and cheese that adds that nice little touch.  The veggies were grilled and flavoured perfectly.  The counterman was more than happy to explain their processes (ie. how they make their horchata and jamaica). The only downside...he probably made my burrito a little too big.  Good price, service and food. I'll probably go back this week.  They were also offering a discount to clients that worked or lived in the area.
5	Best burritos I've had in Canada, for sure, and comparable if not better than things I've tasted in Austin, Texas and Los Angeles, and at $6.99 for a huge burrito, the value for the money is tremendous. I've been twice now and I think I prefer the barbacoa to the carnitas, but both are fantastic, as are the homemade tortilla chips. The homemade guacamole is so good that I suspect it should be illegal.Forget M4 and stop lamenting the lack of Chipotle locations in Montreal; this place is in a completely different league.
5	Authentic burritos. Great price. Cochinitas is tasty as all heck. I can't wait till jack is allowed to get his tortilla maker up and running.
3	Love this place, amazing burritos that remind me of home, but needs to be more well equipped and not close early. I've been 5 times now and they never have what I want to order, they're always out of stock. I wanted to go tonight, they were supposed to close at 10, I got there at 9:30 and they were closed. Two people also arrived around the same time I did and were wholly upset that it was closed. If you're going to run a reputable business on St. Laurent, you can't close early. You lost $30 of potential revenue in the 2 minutes I was outside the restaurant.
5	By far the best burrito place in Montreal, on par with the best I've had in NYC (from there). Everything is homemade, made to order. I ordered carne asada, and I saw him throw it on the grill for me, then and there. Estefan (the owner) is a super nice guy, always willing to give a sample or make a suggestion for your meal. And when I say everything is home made, EVERYTHING is home made: tortilla, salsa, guacamole, teas, juices, you name it. I absolutely cannot recommend this place enough. Please go!
5	My search for a burrito stop has ended. Finally.After spending several weeks trying to satisfy a craving by hitting every frickin' remotely mexican place in town trying to find a decent burrito, and coming up dry, the carne asada offering here did the trick. I am returning today.
4	Second time around (actually it's the third or fourth, but second review) and this time my co-workers pitched in to help sample a bunch of different menu items and get some pictures going. So without further delay :Burritos best choice, fastest counter service item, huge, filling.Comments from the floor "What did they do, wrap the Taco Bell dog in a tortilla ?"and "This was only 6.99$ ?"Tacos fresh, yummy, love the steak, and the carnitas. Better with queso.Nachos carnitas were good, but missing something .. can't decide what.Grilled vegetarian salad was fresh and tasty, needs to be served with the guacamole on the side please, not pasted on top of the salad, and a lime slice would be plus.Cheese quesadilla was good. Others with meat like the Barbacoa would likely rock.On the whole, this visit was a 4 star. Service was a little slow because of the size of my order and I didn't think to call ahead (yes you should for large orders), and the fact that the nachos were just not .. there.On the plus side, staff is always friendly, and you can hang around drinking Jarritos while you wait for your take-out.
5	Great place, love it, ive tried the chicken and porc burrito. in my opinion this place is better than the chipotle restaurants in the states and way better than M4 Burritos
4	Your quest for the best burrito in Montreal may have ended here? This place reminds me of family-owned taco shops you so often see in SoCal. "Burrito Shop" owners offers you a choice of flour or corn tortilla, let you chose your favorite meat or vegetables, select a salsa (milt to spicy) and pick a cheese of your choice. My personal favorites are the Cochinita (slow cooked pork) and Barbacoa (braised beef) with mexican cream and cheese.The only slight drawback is the wait time but I'm sure this will be ironed out shortly to be prepared to handle the summer rush! Looking forward to see progress and to stop again and taste of the cities most authentic giant burritos in town - for only 6.99!
4	Yesterday night, both my boyfriend and I were craving mexican food. We searched on yelp for the best burritos in Montreal and we landed there. We had the barbacoa and the carnitas and both tasted great. The salsa were spicy but not too much so that we could still taste the meat. For only 6,99$ it was really a great try.The service was fast and the people were really nice. The place has the charm of an old joint that is a staple in the neighborhood.
5	All i have the say is I've been to california for an extended period of time, so i know a thing or two about a good burrito.Having said that, hands down there is no place in Montreal that can be remotely compared to the Burrito Shop in terms of the quality of the food, authenticity, and simply an overall good vibe. The guaca is the shit!!
1	Many people who reviewed that place say that they have been in California or Texas, that they know what good burritos taste like, etc. Well, I have also lived on the West Coast, been to CA and TX, and I was quite disappointed with this burrito place. I won't say I was surprised, because we live in Montreal and it's so hard to find good Mexican or Tex Mex food around here. But the service was slow, and I was not impressed with the food. For example, the fillings were not evenly placed in the burrito, so there were bites with just rice, nothing else. Don't waste your time and money there.
2	Good burrito if you've never had a burrito before. So basically here's how this goes. In Montreal the burrito is 5/5. Drop it anywhere else in the world: 0/5. "Did they just put white rice on my burrito? Oh dear. Uhh, excuse me? That's not how you roll a burrito, can I come back there and show you how?" Also pricey, but might be the best you can settle for...Okay, so I came here when they first opened and have not been back since. I'll have to give it a second chance to see if they have improved.
4	After walking up the Parc du Mont-Royal on cold and wet Saturday I needed something to warm and filling to eat. Decided on a Burrito and was in heaven from the first mouthful. I had the pulled pork burrito and it was fresh, hot and delicious. Highly recommended.
3	The burritos are DELICIOUS!  super tasty and its nice to be able to switch it up each time. The reason I'm not giving them more stars is that the service is REALLY slow. My office is just down the street so it is a great lunch option however I spend my entire lunch break waiting for the order to end up in my hands. I never write reviews, but I'm hoping they see this post and speed it up a bit. i constantly have the urge to hop over the counter and make it myself, poor time management. for example they should be putting the next tortilla on the warmer BEFORE starting to make the current sandwich. One thing i do love is that they have a stamp card for returning customers where you get the 10th order free. If I'm being honest, this is the only reason I'm still going there with SUCH slow service.
1	what these people are doing to "Mexican" food is criminal. the food here is shameful at best. unacceptable. pure shit.
1	The staff was extremely rude and the service was slow even though me and my friend were the only clients. My burrito was ok, nothing special but my friend's quesadilla was a joke. Never coming back.
3	Friendly,  fast service. Had the slow cooked pork burrito.  Was good, a little dry. Ask for more sauce. Could have been more spicy. Over all a good, quick burrito. Cash only!
4	I think this place serves a very decent burrito bowl (way better than M4).I ordered a Tinga (slow cooked porc) burrito divorciado (bowl) with the spiciest sauce they had (green one) and a portion of totopos maison (flat triangular corn product similar to a tortilla, cooked in house) and guacamole.The burrito bowl was very flavorful and the totopos were delicious with the right amount of saltiness to it - the guac was OKI would like to try their barbacoa next time..
3	Passable Burritos. Much Better Tacos.When this place opened, I was super stoked at the prospect of finally being able to get the kind of burritos here in Montreal that you can find in LA or San Fran. Alas, that wasn't the case.The burritos are passable, but kinda on the bland side. It also seems to take the staff a while to prepare them.If you're going to try this place, though, give the Tacos a shot. They're much more authentic than the burritos, and have loads more flavor to offer.Another redeeming quality is that they have Mexican Coca Cola. If you don't get the deal about that, it's that Mexican Coke is still made with real sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup, and tastes much better.
5	I've been looking for a California style tex-mex burrito in Montreal forever and I found it. Not only did I find it, but it tasted exactly as I wanted it to.
5	What a great find.  During a recent weekend trip to Montreal we wondered into this place and glad we did.  The food was fresh and delicious and the staff was phenomenal.  I can't stress just how nice everyone was here, putting up with us loud Americans and answering all our questions before they turned out some really great Mexican food.  We loved it and love the people who work here.  Thanks for serving us a great Saturday night dinner before a night of partying in Montreal.
5	Best burrito ever. Especially the burrito bowl. Simply delicious. I do not see how people complain about the service because I always get good service. I guarantee you will not get a better burrito anywhere in Quebec. These guys do what they do, and they do it well.
2	Beans are hard and undercooked, burritos overpriced. They're only in business because there aren't a lot of decent quick options around.
2	Slow slow slow slow. The food  is average at best, but then again I am not an expert in Mexican food all I can tell you is it wasn't anything special. But the service, holy moley did it ever take long to get my burrito. The only thing the place had going for it was it was cheap.
