5	I have been coming here for years with my family. Great selection of eye glasses at reasonable prices. Glasses aren't over-priced but it's also not the cheapest place either. Well worth the price though. Dr. Toland is a fantastic optometrist. He takes his time, listens, and really goes out of his way to make sure that you get the best care possible.  His staff is polite, friendly, and treat you like family.  If you are looking for honest care and a great selection of eye glasses at a reasonable price, come to Northwest Valley Eyecare.
5	Still coming to NW Valley EyeCare and we still love Dr. Toland! My son recently wanted to give contacts a try (he's 10). Made the appointment and the friendly staff spent well over an hour with him trying to help him learn how to get the contacts in and out of his eyes. It ended up that we didn't get them after all because he decided he just wasn't ready for them due to his challenges getting them in and out of his eyes. I have to give huge kudos to the patience, kindness, and care of the staff as there was absolutely no time whatsoever when they made us feel rushed or that they were exasperated by his inability to work with the contacts. Working with kids isn't easy, especially frustrated kids, but the staff was nothing short of amazing!
5	Simply the best eye doctors in the Valley here.  I have been consistently impressed with the office and support staff as well as Dr. Toland.  Dr. Toland takes the time to answer your questions, examine your eye health and to explain all of your eye care options.  I am pretty confident you will be happy seeing Dr. Toland at Northwest Valley Eyecare.  I have nothing but good thoughts after being a patient here for years!
5	Had to go in to see Dr. Toland today on an emergency basis due to a chemical burn I got in my eye. They fit me right in and took great care of me without making me feel stupid for causing this problem in the first place. Everyone was empathetic, kind, and even helped entertain my 2 year old to make sure that Dr. Toland could give me the best care possible. It is very rare to find such kind, empathetic people who treat you like a valued friend. If you are looking for quality service, excellent care at great prices...go see Dr. Toland and his staff at NW Valley EyeCare. Tell them I sent you! :)
5	It has been a while since I have updated my review, but I can re-affirm the fact Dr. Toland and his entire staff at Northwest Valley Eye Care are the best of the best!   My previous review points out the positives including the fact I know I can trust them with my vision.  The fact they always have a good inventory of interesting selections for frames make it even better!THANK YOU for the good service!!  Oh and taking care of the rest of my vision challenged family also.  : )
1	DO NOT call them.  They will lie to you. You call and ask them for an appt. they say OK then when the Dr faxes over a referal  and you contact them they have no appt. available.  Now must start all over and I am in town only 2 days, I had told them this before apparently only what is convienant for them counts
5	Both me and my family have been using Northwest Valley Eyecare since we moved to this side of the Valley and I am glad we did.  Dr. Toland and his team have always been nothing short of fantastic to us!.  They have always worked with me very expertly on scheduling - and quite frankly they have been flawless.  They have a good selection of styles and I am always able to find a number of frames to select from that would all work great.The best part of course is Dr. Toland.  I appreciate that he takes the time to dial-in what ends up being a perfect prescription for me.  He also takes the time answer questions - and I believe he has always thoroughly examined my eyes.  In short, we trust Northwest Valley Eyecare and believe in them to take great care of us - and have NEVER been disappointed.  I believe Yelp is always a great place to find exceptional businesses, and this is one of them.  I read a review from a yelper who said some things about this business that just do not add up - and it just goes to show the world has a variety of "issues."  As an established member of the community, a frequent customer of this business, and somebody that has high customer service expectations, I personally recommend  and highly encourage you to visit Dr. Toland.  You will NOT be disappointed.Tony
