5	Finally open: A Waterloo location of the poutine restaurant empire that is sweeping across the nation to call our own.  That would be Smoke's Poutinerie.  I was there on opening day and back again to scope it out some more!For those not in the know: What Is Poutine?  Well, the classic French-Canadian dish has fries, topped with gravy and cheese curds.This Traditional poutine is available here at Smoke's for purists, but the chain's claim to fame is giving poutine the rock-star treatment by variations to the standard poutine with a number of delicious toppings that take the dish from merely stratospheric to out-of-this-world.As an example, take my favourite option: The Country Style poutine which piles on chicken, bacon, mushrooms & caramelized onions as tasty toppings on the fresh-cut fries from Smoke's own potatoes and specialty gravy.  First it's salty and there's the squeaky cheese curds, then you get the smokiness from the bacon, then again you get a hit of sweetness from the caramelized onions.  In the end you have bite-after bite of poutine goodness.Not a sit down place, the take-out service here was fast and friendly, with a bit of a wait each time... even though it has just recently started, this location already has a lot of fans!
4	First time trying Smoke's Poutinerie after hearing so much about it from my friends, and the famous Smoke's Poutinerie logo everywhere I go.I tried the Hogtown Poutine, because honestly...in terms of the original you can never beat La Banquise. It was definitely what I expected, fresh cut fries with awesome toppings such as meatballs, bacon, carmelized onions...oh, did I mention smoked bacon? Delicious!My only problem with this place is the gravy is sunk to the bottom. I'm used to the gravy on the top similar to other poutine places I've tried.Limited seating room, so take out is recommended.Cash and debit only!
4	So I'm not going to lie I was anxiously awaiting the opening of Smoke's for a couple months and I was definitely not let down. The food is delish and I love the Pop Shoppe Pop and other beverage alternatives that vary from the usual Coke/Pepsi options. I pride myself in being a Poutine Connoisseur as I have tried it everywhere that specialized in it since I was about 14 and this poutine definitely exceeded my expectations. I have tried a few different kinds so far and they were all amazing but I would highly recommend either the bacon or the pulled pork because it just compliments the flavours so well.The only reason I didn't give this location a 5 star is for 1) there is no place to sit down and eat and poutine unfortunately doesn't keep very well so by the time we make it home it's usually a little soggy. No biggie in the Summer when you can just sit outside but kind of a pain in the butt in the cold weather. 2) Likely due to the proximity to University residences and bars the parking lot is usually totally disgusting, garbage everywhere and on my 2 most recent trips vomit right outside the doorway. I mean honestly, that is disgusting and talk about an appetite killer.All in all I would say Smoke's Poutinerie is well worth the inevitable wait. :)
4	My friend wanted to go to Smoke's Poutinerie on his holiday so I called him after work and picked him up. We both got the pulled pork poutine, and he got some added some peppers and hot sauce to his. He loved it. We asked for stickers and the girl seem annoyed. She only had to reach under the counter. The Waterloo location is super small, not many places to sit, so we grabbed our food and ate in my car in the parking lot. Food was delicious will go back again, but prefer other locations with happier people and places to sit
1	I have no idea what happened here, this place went waaaay downhill since it opened. We had friends here from out of town that had been hearing about Smokes for months and were really looking forward to trying it and after we talked it up to them they were looking forward to it even more. Well we went in on Friday night and the place was dead (first time going and not waiting in line which was nice) and the employees seemed impatient, rude and all around miserable.The only way I can describe our food is totally disgusting, I wouldn't feed it to me dogs. First of all I worked at a few fast food chains as a teen and I know old oil when I see/smell it and let me tell you that oil hasn't been changed since they opened, I would almost bet my life on it. Our fries were completely brown after being in the oil and totally soggy, disgusting and flavourless. Secondly our poutines barely had a drop of gravy on them, they were totally dry which just added to the nastiness of the fries. Last, the portions were about half the size they were on my first few trips, I know it has been a couple weeks since my last visit but what happened!?! Honestly, I just wound up feeling embarrassed after telling our friends how good it was. They clearly didn't see what all the hype was about and I don't blame them. I can guarantee I will go back based solely on my previous visits but if this is what it's going to be like from now on I am officially heart broken. Fingers Crossed the pick it back up!!
1	I came here on a weekend when I was in town to visit a certain someone at the nearby university and I insisted on trying Smokes after finding out there was one in close proximity. I visited with a group of friends and I was so excited to finally see what all the hoopla made about this place was. Okay, first off, this place is tiny! I ordered the bacon poutine and it was underwhelming at best. The fries are the epitome of "cardboard fries" and the gravy can be described -- in chemistry terms -- as TRANSPARENT, not even translucent...what is up with that? The portion was big though but that wasn't the reason why finishing up the small size was a struggle.This Smokes experience did not go to waste however, I'm still on a mission to avoid it back home in Toronto.
4	Love Smoke's! I try to order a new thing every time I go and I've never been disappointed. It's not exactly gourmet but for what you pay it's pretty unreal.
3	Not as good as the one downtown Toronto. I feel that the fries are overcooked or dry half of the time. Lacks consistency.
1	Got the original poutine for takeout. Wow, where do I begin?First of all, the fries were soggy and drenched in oil. There was practically no gravy on it. The cheese curds were hard and old. Sadly, I had to nuke in the microwave for 4 minutes to get the cheese to partially melt, and most of them stubbornly refuse to budge. Felt like I was chewing on rubber pellets.  Don't let their heavy advertising fool you. I'd rather go to McDonalds to buy their fake poutine that to pay for this excuse of a poutine. This was an utter let-down. I'm sticking with my New York Fries. They get it right every time, and they're even cheaper.
1	I've had much better poutine elsewhere. I would recommend avoiding...
