1	So Yelp pulled my First To Review review of this business and sent me an email explaining they did so "because it lacks a substantive firsthand experience."~~~This disastrafuck of an excuse for what on a charitable day I would consider a missed abortion opportunity of a so-called business would cause weaker souls to commit hara-kiri before reaching the front of the line.NEVER DO BUSINESS HERE. NEVER.~~~Allow me to elaborate. We spent 90 minutes here waiting to make a 4-minute transaction. We rented a truck online and had our confirmation email and receipt with us. There were 14 customers queued up when we arrived and only one gentlemen working the desk. He had three computers going with a customer at each and was walking back and forth between them doing a little bit at each before moving on to the next. Like reading the first three sentences of every article in the New York Times and returning to Page 1 to begin reading sentences 4-6. Not helpful. Another gentlemen was working that evening, but apparently did not know how to use the computers, as he just stood by and watched the first guy inch closer and closer to a stress-induced heart attack - which may have proved more humane than the alternative.Needless to say, this business ranks among the most poorly run in town. Good news for them is their survival seems secured by a lack of competition.
3	Stopped by to return a trailer that we hauled from Seattle, WA - there was about a 15 min wait while other customers are serviced by the 2 available employees.  We had misplaced our paperwork in the hectic hustle of moving , but the employee was gracious enough to look up our information on the computer. The only thing I would ding on is the professionalism of the employees - it was wretched hot, & one of the employees questioned if the co-worker was wearing deodorant; this was in front of a handful of customers.  But then again, I come here for the equipment, not for the mind-blowing service. All in all, I have no qualms about returning for equipment rentals.  Easily accessible location, spacious lot, & honestly, there's no other competition in town.  Also, they tend to be slammed Fri-Sun, so be prepared to wait.
4	Recently moved from Champaign to Wyoming.  The folks at this place were really helpful and I appreciate it.  Got some good supplies and some great help at getting a U Box loaded up.  (Now if only the folks at another U haul locale could learn from them, but that will be another review.)Anyway, thanks!
1	I ordered a 17' truck with no extras for my move.  As anyone who has used U-Haul in the past knows, they often throw things like dollies and protective mats on the back of the truck which can be used for an extra fee.  Well, apparently this truck had a dolly on the back without a protective green seal to signify that it had not been used.  When I returned the truck later in the day, the attendant refused to believe the mistake could have possibly been on their end and charged me an extra fee for the use of the dolly, which I did not use.    My advice to future customers:  always check the back of the truck before leaving the parking lot to avoid pointless fees.
1	This place is awful! I have rented from this location several times over the years and not once has it been good, but this experience has put me off U-Haul forever. A planned move to Fla has been thrown into total disarray because they screwed up a reservation that I made in person and confirmed in person, 6 weeks in advance! The employees are either dumb or just don't give a shit. They're unorganized and totally clueless. I have never used a business so poorly run. How this store stays in business is a mystery to me and any corporation that tolerates such bad performance from a franchise will not get another $ from me. Or maybe they're all this bad. Regardless, I suggest you use Penske, Budget or carry your shit on your back before using U-Haul!
1	Terrible.
1	Quick Summary---Had a reservation for a truck at 12:45 PM on 8/10. Came to the store at 12:30, got my truck at 2:15. No that's not a typo. On the flip side, all the trucks seem to be well-maintained. That's the only flip side. Every other aspect of this experience was hell. Review---U-Haul on University, words cannot express how much U-Suck. *canned laughter*Okay, but seriously, the U-Haul located on University Ave is a perfect example of why competition is necessary for the sake of the consumer. I've used U-Haul to move before on two occasions. They were all poor experiences, but today was the most miserable of the three.You figure for peak moving season in a large campus town that U-Haul should be staffing themselves heavily to meet the large amount of people with reservations. Nope. The moment I stepped in my heart sank at the fact that the store was being staffed by the GM alone.It's okay, calm down. There's only five people in front of you. Fine, since I've got some time to kill, let's look around. Gray. Lifeless. The interior looked so depressing. The face of the GM was equally lifeless and depressing. Now I'm not asking for fun neon colors and sparkling ribbons to adorn the place. Gray is fine. I love gray... just not dusty gray. Not more-dilapidated-than-Sears gray. Not it's-sucking-the-life-out-of-you gray.That aside, the service was beyond slow. I knew from the past two experiences that I should get in early. I came in 15 minutes early for my reservation, expecting to get out within 45 minutes. No, friends. It didn't take 45 minutes to get my truck. It took 1 hour and 45 minutes to get my truck. Also remember that there were only five customers in front of me when I came in!The GM was serving people at the speed of snail. It took over 30 minutes to help out this one customer, only to send him back to the end of the line. Upon inquiring as to why, he was told that this was a new request / transaction so he had to get back in queue. Legends say that he is still waiting in line at the store today. #suckstosuck #2spooky5meAfter an eternity and a half, it finally came my turn in line to get helped. The GM never greeted me. Never looked at me. Never thanked me. Didn't even apologize for the excruciatingly long wait. Worst customer service ever. I finished my paperwork and was told to wait outside for him. I finally walked out of that hell hole and got some fresh air. 2 minutes. Oh, he's taking a little long to come out, I'm sure he'll come out soon. 5 minutes. Maybe he's having trouble finding the key to my truck? 10 minutes. Okay now I'm getting mad. Where is he?I walk back into the store to see him exactly where I left him. At the desk helping another customer. What about my truck bro??? I couldn't believe it. I waved at him to remind him I still needed my truck but he refused to acknowledge me. I waited another 5 minutes outside before he came out, pointed to the first truck in line, and said, "That's your truck. Keys are already inside."As if he couldn't have told me that from the beginning? Agh, writing this review is making me relive this horrible experience but I think you should have gotten the point by now. This place scores awful out of 10.
1	I rented a truck in July for a one-way move.   I was supposed to pick the truck up around 10 AM, but it wasn't available until well after 2 PM.  When I showed up at 10:00, there was a long line of customers and only one employee who could work the computer.   Since my truck wasn't there, the employee said I should call over in a few hours to check on the status.  When I called the number he gave me, I was routed to a central call center and my call was answered by a disgruntled troll.  So I decided to make a second personal appearance.  This time, I got into line behind the guy who was returning my truck 4 or 5 hours late.  The employee behind the computer from the morning appeared to be the only staff member at the location - literally.  He dealt with the previous guy, cleaned out the truck, then processed the paperwork for me.  That employee was extremely nice, but it was ridiculous that he was left there by himself.  The process took about an hour.Also, the boxes that I bought there fell apart.  Buy your boxes from Two Men and a Truck - they're more expensive, but they stay together.
5	The staff at this location really went above and beyond to help me with my unique issue.My truck was already fitted with a hitch but no wiring. Although Rebecca was very busy installing a hitch from scratch she took the time to squeeze me in after she was done. Initially she wasn't going to be able to see me until Friday because of how busy she was, but she went out of her way to help me because of my Thursday move out date.My truck had been sealed up near the tail light due to previous water damage we weren't aware of when buying the truck more than 10 years ago. Because of that it made the job a lot more challenging, but Rebecca was still determined to get it done for me. I can't say enough good things about her.Cheryl also took the time to help with the wiring process as well and applied some anti corrosion spray to the underside of my truck.As far as customer service the three people I talked to were friendly, conversational, and patient with customers. At one point a group of young ladies came in causing a scene due to their own misunderstanding of the agreement they signed for milage and dolly use. They then had an issue with their card having insufficient funds, so needless to say it went from bad to worse quickly. After Cheryl politely dealt with their verbal abuse they left only to come back later for round 2. Both Cheryl and Rebecca were able to calm them down and although I was finished before the situation was completely resolved, I was quite impressed.The only thing I would suggest is for management to make sure that at least two people can work the desk at any given time, in a college town there's going to be a lot of customers and one person can only do so much.
5	I am a regular renter at the U-Haul on University Avenue.  In fact, I usually rent anywhere from 2-5 times per year.  I've rented both trucks and trailers from this location and have never had a bad experience.  In fact, things have always been above and beyond great.  I would recommend other users make use of the option to perform an online check in the day you are to rent.  That will allow you to make sure everything is in order before you go to get your rental. When I got a new vehicle, they were also great about helping me get set up to tow again.  I really didn't know the first thing about what I needed to buy.  They make it easy and explained everything.
