4	I love the Gilbert Gateway shopping center because it's never busy when I shop there.  I feel like it's either not known about or simply overlooked.  Either way, it makes for a stress-free shopping experience - easy to park, no long lines to wait in, and whatever I'm looking for is bound to be in stock.The Michaels in this shopping center was no disappointment.  I came in looking for a simple picture frame, and found many to choose from.  Added bonus: they were 40% off!  Score!  I also noticed a big selection of scrapbooking materials and seasonal decor.  The store is huge.Michaels has great prices, frequent sales, and if you can get a coupon from a mailer, you can get amazing deals.  Check this place out!
4	I like to come to here and often have to come pick up something or another for a school project for the kiddos. I always have the problem of coming up with too many projects to do while I walk around the store and see all of the cute things I could make. I love to crochet and am a sucker for yarn. They have a decent yarn selection and tons of patterns books too.
4	I prefer this location over the other location!Great store - clean and staff is very friendly.
1	Worst store in the chain - I agree with one poster that it's not crowded but it also is out of items more than any other store.  It also is so understaffed it's impossible to get help if you need it and if you ask someone that works here that you finally locate, my experience is that they wont know what your asking for anyway.  I recently was in the store asking about a certain item by Susan Lenart Kazmer, the person looked right at me and said oh we don't carry that artist you might try hobby lobby they get a little credit for trying to help but Susan's line is a Michaels only item.  I gave the woman the line name and said no we don't carry that I'm sure.  I pointed at the huge display in front of me of Susan items and her answer, Oh that must be brand new.  I said nope it came out three years ago now can you see if you have this specific item she said oh we can't do that and she walked off talking to her friend the only other employee in the store that i had seen.   Ok bad but any store can have a bad employee right.  so I go up to pay, a pleasant young girl asks me if I have a Michael's card?  I say sure do and hand it to her.  Oh that's not a Michaels card ours are red.  I explain that it's a gold card for people who spend more money and that as a professional artist I'm there quite a bit.  She says I've never heard of that before.  Well it's a Michaels card just read the front it says Michaels right there.  she stands looking at me so I said try scanning it I promise it will work.  She scans it and then says oh it says you have a $5  off coupon loaded on this card.  My response;  good you get a five dollar coupon for every 100 you spend.  Now she looks scared and says the dreaded words I'm not sure,  let me call the manager.  So 20 minutes go by and who shows up the lady that argued about the Susan Lenart items.  They finally agree to try it and I'm finally out the door just 40 minutes later.  And that's not even the bad part!   I went into this store to have something framed that was three weeks ago they tell me every day it will be the next day all to no avail they use every excuse imaginable custom frames take time, or custom mat colors are hard to get.   Each time I explain it's a off the shelf frame there only cutting a black mat.  they say oh that should be fast will have it tomorrow.  I wouldn't shop here again if it was all free this store is a joke just keep driving and go to the large store at Power and McKellip's it's a much larger store with competent staff and about twice the selection.   It's well worth the drive and the cost of gas I live less than two miles from the gateway store and can still drive make my purchases and drive home much faster than trying to shop at the local gateway store.  They have even  framed two other items while I'm still waiting for the Gateway store to cut a simple mat.
4	Where else can you go to get a bunch of crap to make into some awesome fridge hanging, award winning, heart tugging items from your little kids endless imagination.... These stores are always pretty clean & well organized. Gotta tell ya tho, not like you don't already know, you wanna only shop here when you get that 40-60% off coupon. Your wallet & heart might as well celebrate its victory while your kids eyes are bulging out of their heads coming up with ideas on how to put all these items together in a single taj mahal display. I'll be back!
