5	I had an appt today 04/24/2013 at 11am and I came a little early even if I had the forms filled out. From the time of my appt. to being in the examination room with Dr. Deborah Hughes. My wait time was just 10-15 mins. It was quick. I was referred by my PCP to see Dr. Deborah Hughes. I went to Smoke Ranch location of Women's Specialty Care. She was really nice,informative and straight to the point.  I really like her. =)
3	Majority of the time I usually give the place I'm going to a few chances to redeem themselves, but I literally only give this place three stars because of  Dr. Watson, who is highly professional and explains everything with a great amount of detail so you don't leave the visit feeling confused. Also the three stars is because of my 2nd visit. I can't recall their names (which is not like me) but! There is a girl that works at the front desk with short blonde hair who is energetic, polite and very helpful. The 2nd person who helped me was I believe a nurse who brought me to the back to weigh me and receive my blood pressure. I also remember her being short and I believe she was of the asian ethnicity... she was SO sweet and did everything professionally. What really bugged me the first time I went there and times before is one of the nurses who took me to the back my first visit (shorter, heavier set, short blondish hair) she was mumbling while asking me the questions and I kept having to say sorry, excuse me? Then she would yell the answer as she repeated it and also would talk extremely slow as if I was a child who had no clue what was going on. Besides that, she was rude and abrupt when asking questions and would give smart ass replies. Then she took my blood pressure, she barely put the wrap around my arm and then when she was pumping it obviously was coming off, so then she had to redo it and not to mention, she WREAKED like cigarettes. To top it off not only the first time but the second time as well I've had the same girl check me out. Every time she does she asks me questions and when I reply she acts like I'm bothering her or lying to her. She literally looks like she hates her life and I dread having to go to this place every time I do. I'm hoping they get a better office staff because it wasn't just me complaining, there were other people out in the waiting room saying and explaining almost the exactly situations as well. I really hope they take a better look at their staff... other than that-- Those 2 girls and Dr. Watson... you are all incredible! Keep up  the great customer service, it shows :)
1	Save yourself from coming here. They never return your calls. Keep you waiting got test results and it's like pulling teeth trying to get a refill. They don't even call you when your results come back. I've been waiting close to a month for a prior auth. I used to love this place.. Too big of a company .. I'll look for a new, more organized gyn.
2	So this is my first time here. I walk in to check in and am told the Dr is an hr behind. So we as customers r told to call if we r late or need to cancel. I think that if u know the Dr is running that much behind u should call the patients and give them the option to still come in or rescheduled, this makes sense. There customers/patients have jobs too. The person that checked me in was pretty nice so far. Sitting in the waiting room now waiting for Dr.The waiting area has plenty of seating and a TV.
1	This review is based purely on the office staff. They are HORRIBLE! I had an appt today at 11:20am I waited over an hour to see the doctor because they had forgot to put up my chart. The nurse (Michelle)was suppose to write me a prescription but instead went to lunch so I was told she would call in my prescription and call me after she had done so. At 2:30 I called the office and was told my prescription had been called in at 11:20....I said that's interesting since I was still in your waiting area at 11:20 but I'll call the pharmacy. Of course the pharmacy still hasn't heard from the office on my script. I call back and get told if i need it that bad I can drive over and pick up a written script. Seriously?!?! The customer service is terrible, the receptionist are rude and unprofessional none of them seem to know what's going on. I'm 7 weeks pregnant and I'm never going back to this place again! I've never been to an office and been told basically you don't matter.
1	I rarely feel so compelled as to write a review, especially one with a rating as extreme as one star, but in this case I feel a responsibility to do so.I was extremely disappointed by my visit to the Smoke Ranch Women's Specialty Care, in particular, the source of my frustration and discontent was with my experience with Dr. Deborah Hughes. Firstly, I feel it necessary to say that this review has nothing to do with the office staff. I have been going to this office for nearly 3 years, and I have never had a problem with them--they are courteous and professional. Before, I went to a different doctor at this location, with whom I was generally satisfied, but she moved out of state--so, I recently saw Dr. Hughes.My main concern is that Dr. Hughes made NO effort to understand me or my concerns. I was a new patient for her, yet she was in and out of the exam room in less than 6 minutes. I ultimately left feeling upset and confused, when I should have felt reassured and and cared for. Overall, her questions were short and to the point, but there was much more information she could have gleaned--there was clearly no interest in me as a patient or as a human being.There is a very important word in the Healthcare profession: CARE. I did not feel cared for at all by this physician. Furthermore, being in my mid-thirties, and at what I thought was an annual exam (she instead needlessly charged me as much as she could), I wanted to ask her about being mature and becoming pregnant for the first time. I wanted to learn about her as a physician, and specifically about her as an obstetrician--it was clear that Dr. Hughes had no time for or interest in such conversations. Also very frustrating: this visit felt like a complete waste of my time and money. I went for an annual exam and simply mentioned that I have been having abdominal pain and wanted to ask about it. As a result, I was told I would have to come back for another appointment. --This is egregious. The whole point of preventative care is so that patients can ask about problems, BEFORE they are problems. What was done in that exam room should have been a part of a routine exam anyway. This makes me feel even more like I was not cared for as a human patient, but seen as a medical issue and dollar signs. I find this disrespectful of my time, as I have to leave work for appointments, and money, since my deductible for the visit was over $200 for all of under 6 minutes of contact with a doctor. As a result, I am leaving Women's Specialty Care. I write this review not only so that Dr. Hughes will improve her practice, but so that physicians in general may recognize that patients deserve humanity and respect. In return, they will be rewarded with our business and our loyalty. When care and respect are absent, soon so will patients.
1	At times I truly wish it was possible to give negative stars.  This doctor's office put the life of my little girl (DD 3/15/15) and I in serious danger. We've since been blessed to find an amazing doctor's office. Notes: - rude, ignorant and inconsiderate staff - place is run worse than the DMV and has characters that you would find on www.peopleofwalmart.com - minimum 1-2 hour wait times "if you want a doctor who cares, you'll wait" office manager's response to my question about this being normal. New Dr. Office wait = Max 15 minutes. - 3wks for blood work results (they found infections??). New Dr.'s office did not find these "infections". - prescribed Class C meds for the "infections"?? "SHUT UP AND LISTEN" nurse's response to my questions/concerns. New Doctor did not find any infections, so it's a good thing I didn't take the unnecessary meds. - I had to pay out of pocket for my Ultrasound even though I have great insurance. Insurance company did not understand why I had to pay and quickly reimbursed me.  - Final visit was for Glucose 3 hour (they draw blood every hour). Luckily, first appointment with our new doctor was right after. I arrived at their office feeling light headed and hot. They sat me down and I fainted from the blood work done at WHWSC.  Imagine if I'd fainted while driving?  How could they let me leave immediately? I was told that I was good to go and could leave when I asked.  - After switching doctors, I found out that I have a very high risk pregnancy which should have been monitored from the moment I knew I was pregnant. Dr. Watson never gave me a referral and I suffered unnecessarily because of this (HG/PP). I can only hope that this did/does not effect our little girl, but only time will tell.If you care about yourself and your little one. Please find a different doctor!
