3	Located just one block away from ASU West on Thunderbird, south side of the road.  Given the proximity to campus you would expect to see more students but the crowd is more of the traditional Denny's crowd, including senior citizens.  This location is clean and has relatively good service, and the same Denny's food that you'll find at just about any other.  Although there are other restaurants in the area that are local and family owned, sometimes an omelette with pancakes is just what you crave in the afternoon.
4	ok, i used to not enjoy denny's. i thought they used to be overpriced compared to alot of cheaper places. they've made alot of changes to their menu and prices. i really enjoy it now. i only go here for breakfast. they have breakfasts for $2,$4,and a large omlette breakfast for $6. the $2 bisquits and gravy and awesome, and yes, only $2 for a big plate of bisquits and gravy. ther food quality is good, service is good, and all around good place with their new pricing and menu options. they are open late at night but have a limited late night menu. i believe they still have free food on your bday. mine is tomorrow, so i'm going there for my free breakfast. they also have a special where kids eat free making it even cheaper. i think they've made a tremendous improvement to their food and prices.
3	Hey it's Denny's.  I love this place because it's right  next to where I live.  I wouldn't give Denny's 5 stars because it's not the best food in the world, but it's fun food and easy and you know what you're gonna get. I love their cheap menu they have with the $2, $4, and $6 items.  You can create a huge breakfast for near nothing.This location is what I'd call an old style Denny's..  I almost said ghetto Denny's, but strangely, the people in there were more normal and just laid back.  This was after going there twice.  The server's reminded me of the old Smitty's restaurant people.  Older and pretty nice.
5	This is not a busy Denny's... but they have opened up the banquet room for me and my S.E.V.E.N. networking group to meet every week with open arms and hot coffee!  The room is a stand alone with a door and great meeting spot!  We love it!!!  I even use this facility outside of meetings to connect with people!  Free wifi and all the things you need!
3	Service is top notch for this type of joint. Denny's has defiantly improved thier game over the years. Prices are still dirt cheap. This location is nice and well kept.
1	We went there for dinner on a Sunday mid afternoon. And after we got seated everything went downhill the sodas were nasty, the waitress got my order completely wrong, they shorted the hubby on bacon and sausage I asked for a cake to go and never got that. The only thing the manager would say was I am sorry she didn't put the order in right. Although I guess it was nice that he gave us $5.00 off.  We have had good service there so I suppose it's who you get as a server.
5	hands down the best Denny's I have ever been to. Staff is amazing. on my most recent visit my server Jen was super friendly. my wife ordered banana french toast, and they were out of bananas. Jen went notified her manager Kyle. he came over apologized, asked us if it would be okay for us to wait a few minutes. he went to the store and bought bananas. We were absolutely blown away with the service. the food quality a Denny's is definitely progressed. The store is very clean. I highly recommend this location.
1	well, let me say i was stupid enough to go back to this same location but over a year later after 3 of my 4 family members got sick, including my 89 year old grandmother!!!!!    i just got home from dennys at 5161 w. thunderbird rd.  and let me say i know now how my entire family got sick the first time.....  i ordered the 8 oz steak that was clearly a 4 oz steak but that could be the people who supply the food.  when i got my food i had broccoli with it, one bite and i could hardly eat it but did as not to be rude in front of my husband and spit it out, although we have been together 25 years so it would be ok, haha.  the  next as bad as the first, so i spit it out and made my husband try it and he did the same.  however all but two bites of my steak were gone and the waitress had to finaly be flagged down not because she was helping other customers but because all the staff was sitting around up front talking and not paying a bit of attention to the 4 tables that ventured in this place to get sick!!!!!   mind you it was a little late, a whole 9:30 pm.  i told the waitress and had her bring me a salad, we ate the entire whole rest of the meal and never did she come back until flagged down for the check, which even with the crap food we still left 20%.  i go to register and long behold its the manager elizabeth carr, i say it again elizabeth carr, so if you see her, your in mager trouble....  i told her about the broccoli, which my husband and i both have been in the food businesses for 23 years and still are, he a manager  and my self an assistant manager at 2 different places and would have never not come to a table if the guest had a problem, very unprofessional!!!!!  she proceeded to tell me that it wasnt freezer burn,( which it was ). get this,  tell me if you catch it??  she said and i quote " the broccoli isnt frozen, its fresh, we prepare it fresh daily, we chop it our selves". i said well im just telling you maybe you should taste it, i just dont think you want to serve that to your customers.  she says " well, its like the coffee, some people like it,  some dont".    i said well, it taste freezer burn.  i said maybe, where it is in a regular cooler??  she says " nope, not that when it comes in frozen we put in in the freezer right away....  did you catch it????  first it was fresh, they chop and prepare it their selves, and not its frozen!!!!  so here i say, you said its fresh, she says quite literary,  " um, um, um, um,  well its frozen first, then it thaws, then we freeze it".  what????  if you work in food you never thaw and then refreeze,  the heath department might like to know by the way, because its unsafe practice..  people get sick, example why i should have never gone back, but that was stupid on my part...  i would have yelled for the other people,  not to  eat there had i figured it would get me through to her, looking back i should have because they are going to kill somebody!!!!  if they thaw and refreeze, dropping it on the floor would be no problem to them either, or maybe they scratch something without washing their hands is probably ok to them too!!!!!   gross, but probably true!!!!  so you have been warned, eat at your own health risk, you should buy life insurance first and then i will send flowers to your funeral and a sweet sympathy card that says i told you dont eat there you poor smuck!!!!  as for me, never ever will i eat there again in a million years, and oh yes, monday morning bright and early i will be calling the district manager and maybe 3 tv, to see if this is normal practice...  which i can tell you it is.   dont ever, ever eat here, beware you have been told!!!!!!  by the way, her name is elizabeth carr!!!!
2	First review in almost 5 months. used to go here alot. I even know the faces of the serves and I know them by name. The thing about this place after not coming here for so many months is that they had a hug renovation. Gone are the old decor and the old tables and chairs. The new style and atmosphere is 10 times better than the old one but to my dismay the food went from 4 star to 2 almost 1 star. Here's the 4 main reason I put it to 2 star.1. My favorite pot roast was smothered by gravy. it's covered with gravy I can't even see anything in my plate just dark brown gravy.2. Foods are too salty. This was not an issue before, yes maybe their leaning more in the salty side but not this salty. I could swear to god my bread was as salty as my gravy.3. So after my dismay I told myself maybe it's just one of those day, u know. But even in the dessert department they got me upset. First ordered a milkshake. Maybe it's just me but it doesn't taste like it used to. It doesn't have that smoothness and it's too chocolatey. Almost like someone just poured a bucket of chocolate powder in a bucket and shared it. Oh and they forgot to ask if I want whipped or not and put whipped on it-_-4. Okay after that I tasted their used to be pancake. And said of course they can't mess this up. Well, the pancake is so stale and was not smooth at all. You know that feeling of like eating a either cold or old food. That's what I felt when I started eating that pancake.P.s I will still give it another try.
4	This Denny's was remodeled and it looks great!!  The food and service were good!!  Would recommend.
5	New look totally re-done ... service was great and like always food was good diner food .. Great classic Americana ...
5	It's Denny's. It's not exactly the greatest restaurant so for anyone to have high standards is nuts. The food is good, but I never like to get steak and mashed potatoes. It's always too small. If you're only moderately hungry then it'll fill you. Denny's is good for sandwiches like the philly cheese steak and breakfast. The customer service was excellent. The first time we came here, there was a waiter that talked and had similar look to Justin Long, really great customer service skills. Had Michael last night as a waiter, also terrfic.
3	I have lived in the area of this Dennys for about 17 years and never before stopped.  It just went through a major remodel that apparently even moved the entrance door.  So everything is fresh and new.  The food was ok, I tried the seasonal pumpkin pancake breakfast. Service was adequate.  6AM I was surprised there was no coffee ready or even brewing.
5	This place is great!   Private meeting room,  free wifi, affordable and amazing staff and management!
