4	Quaint little shop in the Old Town Scottsdale area right there on 5th Ave.  If you're going to hit the Tea Gschwender across the street you might as well stop here for your favorite tobacco product, whether it be for your pipe or a cigar for the humidor.Enticing aroma of tobacco meanders up and down the sidewalk here on the north side of 5th avenue, and even if you don't smoke cigars or a pipe, it's worth walking inside for the free smells.Prices aren't too bad, service is friendly, and there's a few comfortable chairs in the front for leisurely smoking while you wait for the spouse to shop the local boutiques.
5	Got my first pipe ever here. The assistance from the staff and the overall pleasant experience because of this starts Ford & Haig off on a grand note, and when adding the other positives, it's tough not to give it a five-star rating. Having been in many tobacconists from Arizona to Massachusetts, I can still say that Ford & Haig is something special.Pipe tobacco selection is outstanding. I've been in larger tobacconists, but few seem to focus as much attention towards pipe smokers as Ford & Haig does. This may have changed, mind you - the last time I was in the store was 2007, but at the time, they had a large selection of Aromatic and English blends. It was almost daunting to select one, but the task was made pleasurable by the two gentlemen working there. They were a wealth of knowledge wrapped up in friendly demeanors. The walk-in humidor is somewhat small, but it's well organized and they have some beautiful cigar choices, especially in the mid-range. I find it unsettling that quite a few tobacconists don't have walk in humidors anymore, and rather opt for the 'glass case.' The scent and experience of a walk-in is outstanding, and while Ford & Haigs is small, it's not uncomfortable. It'd probably be considered 'cozy' by conventional standards.The two guys that were working the day I went in were awesome. It's been three years now, so I can't remember their names. I just remember them being heavy-set middle-aged gentlemen who were a delight to talk to. These guys know their stuff, from pipe to cigarette. If you ever want to go someplace to chat it up on the subject of Tobacco, I've not found a tobacconist that employs more knowledgeable and friendly individuals. Ford & Haig absolutely NAILS the personality aspect. No other tobacconist has ever come close.Add to all of this that the store is quaint and nestled in lovely old-town Scottsdale, and you've got a winner. I'm certain that next time I visit Arizona, I'll be making a stop at Ford & Haig, even though I'm trying to quit tobacco use. If anything, I'll go to soak up the smells, the sights, and enjoy some solid conversation.Five stars.
5	This is a great place to get a cigar.  They've got a great selection, and the staff is knowledgeable.The best part about Ford & Haig though is enjoying a cigar on premises.  They have comfortable chairs and there are always people wandering in and chatting.  The guys who work there are great at balancing conversation vs leaving you alone to chat with whoever you came with. A great place to relax for an hour with a cigar and shoot the shit.
4	What a day.  Sunshine, good friends, nice stroll, and a Great Stoggie.Just the way I remember.  I haven't been there in 10 years.  I remember why I was a regular.  Great selection.  Welcoming staff. A great place to sit for a Short Story, then take a walk and enjoy a Flor Fina.  Yes they had it.
5	Joel and his boyz are friendly and knowledgeable about all things tobacco. i've been shopping there since the 80's and they always have the best rolling tobacco at the best prices - i know their cigar prices must be good too, because i see these tourists in Old Town Scottsdale come into F&H and check the prices here against their hometown, and walk out with bagsful of cigars.Ford & Haig runs the way every business should be run - good prices and great people.
5	Helpful people. Decent prices! Will be going back to get more cigars for fiance/husband in future! :)
5	Passing through Scottsdale, arrived at my hotel room and discovered I have left my pipe tobacco at home. I yelped tobacco shop and boy was I in for a treat. Mike was not only knowledgeable, he open the doors to his store and made me feel at home. I ended up chatting with some of the customers, and enjoying two free bowls of my choice. THANKS MIKE!  I purchased a pipe and a variety of tobacco to take back to Frisco.Highly Recommend Justin's Blend
5	the new owner - Mike - is about as friendly a guy as you will find anywhere.  This is one of the major reasons for shopping with locally-owned owner-operated businesses - smart friendly people who care about service.several people commented on the 'friendly place to sit and smoke and relax', and Mike listened and cut down the size of the cash register area in order to add more chairs and enlarge the customer lounge in front by the window.  one guy wrote that he can find better prices other places, but you will not find friendlier and more knowledgeable people to deal with anywhere.  Support your local businesses people.  It's not always about the price, consider the value too.And the prices at Ford & Haig on the best cigarette tobacco you can find is still the best price I've found
5	This is a great shop that's not far from my house.  The staff is friendly and helpful, but won't bother you if you just want to browse.  Me and my buddies end up here often after happy hour in Old Town, and have always been able to find something good to smoke.  I don't exclusively shop here, but I'll continue to give them my business.
5	Great place. The owner was extremely friendly and knew what he was talking about. They have good package deals if you want more. His prices are good compared to the other places. Stop in here if your looking to relax, smoke on, and enjoy the view next to the street.
5	Awesome place! Great location and hours, had exactly what my guy was looking for!! Weren't overbearing, gave him time to look around by himself then came in to see if he needed help, perfect balance of customer service!
5	What a great tobacco shop! Really relaxed atmosphere and the staff isn't right on top of you to try and steamroll a sale out of you like many I've been to before. Really friendly and relaxed atmosphere with a surprisingly large selection. Upscale feel to the whole place and you can tell the owner cares about the experience not just making a quick sale and getting you out. Large leather chairs and free wifi if you ask probably one of the best cigar shops I've been to!
5	This place has it all! Great staff that will help you even if you have absolutely no idea what you are doing. Never felt talked down to for probably stupid questions. Felt like I was being guided by someone that really cared. Thanks!
