5	So there once was a contest going on Facebook to get their name out and all you had to do was get 20 of your friends to "like" their page and say you referred them... Ummm Yea I WON!!! They do contests on Facebook every month!! I won 300 sq ft of synlawn turf and one of my friends won a putting green!! I didn't have to pay for them to come out or install it was all free!!! I love my new yard and you know living in NV most grass here is brown/yellow... I love looking out my window to bright green grass!! So if you want to win some free turf (and this is the good turf not the really thin one!) then add them on Facebook... Synlawn Nevada!! :D
5	Wow! got our lawn put in today by Syn Lawn of Nevada looks awesome. These two guys did an amazing job.
1	I have never written a review before, so I think that it says a lot that I created an account just to write this.  I am renting and need to repair a patch of astro turf.  I called the first time and got the run around. Instead of searching our address to see if they installed our lawn Nancy quickly wrote our business off.  I gave them a second chance after finding that they did in fact install our lawn.  I called back today excited with my news and the possibility that we might be on our way to getting it fixed.  Again Nancy seemed disinterested.  I convinced her to look up our address and confirm we had Synlawn installed in 2009.  I was requesting someone come evaluate our damage and provide a quote. She seemed convinced from the beginning that they could not provide a solution. She informed me that they would be unable to work with our schedule. I would expect the run around for a free repair, but this is something that we would be paying for. I'm astonished at their poor customer service and will be paying someone else to do the repair.
5	From the start to the finish, from the top to the bottom of the ranks, I can't say enough about the great experience and company SynLawn is. Tony, Mary, Tamy and the installation crew were great! Very patient with my changing my mind 3 times and my little anal concerns.They helped me every step of the way from selection to understanding the installation and maintenance of the finished product.The product is top notch and it looks SO good I can't stop looking at it ..  :)I am so happy replacing my grass with NO maintenance synthetic turf !I highly recommend this company and product !!
