1	My review deserves to start with a disclaimer.  If I were judging this car washed based purely upon how it does at washing cars I'd give it fives starts and sing its praises.But this review reflects the broader range of services.  Danny's is a place I have used to wash my car previously and I was very satisfied with the job they did.  So, when I needed and oil change I decided to give them a try.  As all good businessmen do, they explained to me the million things wrong with my car and the need to fix them.  I have a general policy with my car that I allow a business to spend what they feel needs "immediate attention." Now, we all know that a good auto man will push that to its limits, but I'm ok with that.  This keeps my car in good shape, but it also tells me about whether or not I can trust the business.  I can tell you that in this case, $500 later, I don't trust this business.  They took my allowance so far that when I returned to observe, the poor gentlemen working on my car was embarrassed to swap out the new ordered in air filter for my nearly perfectly clean filter.   This was a recurring theme as I watched.Now, some of the work they did was valid and helpful, but I found my car making funny noises upon returning home and found that they had neglected to "put the car back together" if you will.  It was nothing more then tightening things back down, but it speaks to the inattention to detail and service.Again, great place to wash the car, but I'll never let them do anything beyond that again.
2	"Danny's car wash" aka "West Valley Auto Glass Repair" is kind of sketchy. I called in advance the "West Valley Auto Glass Repair" and was told I could come in a 9 am and it would cost $40. In the morning, I called Danny's  to say I was coming in at 9 am and they said the glass man came in at 8 am so there would not be a problem. I arrived at waited for a half an hour for a manager to come to the front desk no avail. The glass man had never checked in and it was questionable if he would ever be there according to the receptionist. I went outside and asked a washer where the manager was. The manager came immediately and introduced me to none other than the glass man! He said they normally charge $60 but would fix my window as a cash job for $30 and repair any new chips...worked for me but unfortunately Danny's now has the crediblity of the old "auto" place across the street from my apartment in the Bronx. Best of luck!
3	Annoying glass chip guy is always there when you drop off car for the wash.  I try to decline as politely as possible every time, but they won't let up sometimes it seems.  Don't like how the vacuum area is blind from the inside entirely, but if you hang around outside they look at you oddly.  The guys have taken my quarters before that I forgot to remove in a hurry, so it's not like I'm paranoid.At slower times they wash and more importantly wipe down is fairly good, and worth the price.  Wish they would have a no-smoking sign outside the door.  One of the few places where "those people" have to still be endured these days in public.
