1	This company does not deliver on what it says.  It takes money and does a little bit then wants more money and now my project (bathroom remodel) has gone on for over 5 months with not one aspect completed.  Stay away from them.
1	After reading the reviews and upon the recomendation of the sales person at Floors and Decor I decided on using this company to install tile in a home I was buying.  I was surprised to find that the person at Floors and Decor who recommended them to me actually worked for them and came to do the measurement, this is a fact that should have been disclosed to me.  I had already done a measurement and estimated high and purchased the tile needed.  The salespeson at Floor and Decor added to my estimate based on a pattern that he recommended when I stated that I wanted splashes of color.  He also measured my counters for granite. He stated that he would email me the contract so I could review it.  He never emailed me the contract but did phone me at work to go over the estimate.  It was high for the pattern and so he took that out and met me at the house to sign the contract.  Afer I signed the contract I figured out I was paying close to $3.00 per square foot for a straight 20" tile installation.  I found I could do better and called the company to cancel the contract.  Tristan, the owner invited me to his showhouse and spoke to me about options.  They were going to send me a revised contract with the new options, never did. Although I was told when I purchased the tile that it would be in within 7-10 days, after two weeks I was told it would be received within a "week or so".  I ended up picking out different tile and needed less tile because I was no longer doing a pattern. Da Vinci Green was supposed to remove and tile all the rooms EXCEPT the kitchen and bathrooms. When I dropped off some boxes on day 2 of the installation, I peeked in the kitchen and noticed that my kitchen tile   had been removed and new tile installed!  At this time I walked through the house and noticed that they still had quite a bit of tile to install and only had 1 box left.  I called the company and Connie (very helpful) had my contact (Aaron) call me.  Aaron apologized and stated that they would not charge me for the tile installation for the kitchen! Really!  They weren't supposed to install in the kitchen in the first place.  But because they were so generously going to install the kitchen tile for free, they wanted me to purchase 400 sq ft more of tile from Floor and Decor to finish the job!  Aaron got the price of the tile down to $500, but I should not have been forced to purchase additional tile to cover their mistake.  I was forced to return my accent color to pay for the additional tile needed to finish the job.  Any reputable company would have done the right thing, not only install for free but also purchase the additional tiles needed to finish the job.  They were TOTALLY at fault.  I should not have been made to pay to cover their mistake!  I should have questioned their professionalism when they require payment IN FULL before they start a job.  BEWARE
3	After a couple of frustrating days, my problem with DaVinci Green has been resolved.  I have decided to keep them on for granite counters and I hope to be able to give them 5 stars after the work.  Bottom line, they did step up and do what they could to satisfy me.
1	First, I would like to say that if I could rate this company with 0 stars I would, but then I wouldn't be able to write a review.  This is by far the WORST company I have ever dealt with!!!!!  I'm not usually one to complain or write a review but I felt compelled to warn other people of how terrible this company is.   We used Da Vinci for our home bathroom remodel, which consisted of 3 bathrooms. The owner, Tristan, stated that they could complete this quite quickly which was a complete lie. It took over a month from demo to completion with one problem after another.   We chose this company because they said they could complete this project in approximately 2 weeks and because of the price.  Well, we were well over budget by the end and it took much longer than stated.  Some of the problems we encountered were shotty tile work, faulty plumbing work/plumber incompetence, and shower glass enclosure error.     Just as the previous review stated, the plumber is terrible!  They were smart to get their own plumber.  Unfortunately we used theirs and paid the price.  We needed the plumber to install a slider bar shower head which required him to drill into the tile. Well, he drilled a hole too large for the slider bar and now we have a hole in our tile around the installed shower bar.  Looks terrible.  We also have a dripping faucet he broke and claimed not too!  We should have recquired this to be fixed but due to the horrible customer service, we decided to hire our own plumber to fix the promblems Da Vinci Green's plumber created.    The tile work also had to be fixed several times over the course of the month they were working!  The grout just fell out around the tile and the bottom of  the master shower floor was a complete disaster!  I truly could go on and on.   But what makes this the worst company is the owner/managers!!  They lied to us numerous times over the course of the project and were never able to provide receipts showing us how we went $500 over budget for tile.  Due to their disorganization, I really have no idea if they've charged us correctly.  Planning on contacting the BBB and making a claim against their license.  BEWARE!!!
1	To Tristan,  I do not believe it is appropriate to write a review for your own company and give yourself 5 stars. I would consider that very unethical.  I also consider it to be very bad business to divulge other people's personal information to the public.    You are a terrible business man and I hope people can see that through your poorly written response, which by the way is completely inaccurate. Any reasonable consumer will clearly see that your lack of professionalism and complete disregard for any ownership or accountability for your company's actions is reason enough to never do business with you.
1	We had these people over for a quote to remodel our kitchen.  I can't remember Tristan's assistant's name, but it's irrelevant for this review.  They came in and gave us ideas that were not useful at all and veered away from what our needs were.  Then, towards the end of their visit/consultation, Tristan receives a phone call and takes it in our house, pacing up and down our hallway for 10 minutes!  GO OUTSIDE!!!  To make matters worse (or for the better, in our case) we never received a quote from them!  Glad they never contacted us because it just saved us time in telling them that we would never use their company for anything.
