5	Got my oil changed for a great price - good value and customer service!  I plan on bringing in my Honda here for all future maintenance needs.  The owner was friendly and I trust his opinion a lot more than those dealerships that try to scare me into doing unnecessary work.  I'm happy to support honest and hardworking small businesses!
5	This place is great. Very upfront and honest service. Saved a lot of money coming here. They offer great incentive such as free diagnostics, pressure checks and 8 A.M. discounted oil changes. I wish I would have found this place a long time ago after being ripped off by so many other shops. Look for them on Decatur Blvd. behind the Purrfect auto. (stay away from Purrfect Auro unless you just need a smog check). Island Auto is hands down the best mechanic shop I have found so far... and no, I don't work there. They are just that good!
5	I found my new auto shop that I can feel comfortable with. They are super friendly and they don't pressure you to do unnessary work on your car. I am super happy with my new window and will be back. Finally found an auto place I can trust.
5	After asking a friend of mine of where to go - I took my SUV down to Island Auto for an oil change and a check engine light that was on in my car.  The owner was really nice and honest - he didn't give me the run-around or try to overcharge me.  My car was repaired well, and for a much better price than what the dealership wanted to charge me.  Will be back again!
5	I recommend this place Kuba helped and notified me the tune up that is recommended for my car. I felt a bit untrust worthy at first since when I go to shops they want to charge a arm and a leg but not at this place. The price was fair. Check out this place and any question Kuba does not hesitate to answer questions
5	So, I just moved here from SF and now I have to start looking for my new go-to Mechanic. So what do I do? Log on to Yelp! and rely on my community to help me out. Island pops up with a number of 4/5 stars. I'm intrigued. I read on. I get one discouraging thought, "These reviews are just about Smog & Tune Ups." Well, I decide to go. My A/C was acting up (I just installed a whole new system back in June) and so I swing by and have them check it out. I get there and meet Kuba. Takes my car and checks it out. Tells me she's all good and nothing seems to be wrong. He doesn't charge me a DIME! Which I was floored. Well, a few weeks go by and again, my A/C is being weird. So, I take it right back to Kuba both times, and doesn't charge me for inspecting my car. Well, the 4th time and turns out the A/C compressor was bad and needed to be replaced; YES, I JUST installed a new one in June, that's another review! Well, Kuba worked his magic and took care of my car and me!I got my go-to guy!!THANKS KUBA!!!
5	Got a Groupon for 3 oil changes for $39.99. Was skeptical at first, but I got it anyway. Called Kuba and said it would just be another $12 additional for full synthetic. That made me skeptical again as the price seemed to good to be true. Low and behold, Kuna lived up to his word. This place is not only very reasonable in price, but is also reliable and honest. It seems like ALL the auto shops in this town are just out for your money. Not this one!! I recommend this place to all. The aloha spirit lives here!
5	I haven't been here yet but gotta give a great review just for the customer service and honesty so far. Yes, honesty from a mechanic, I'm still as surprised as you probably are.I called to inquire about an appointment and pricing after seeing them on Groupon/yelp at about 4:50 PM yesterday/Monday. The person who answered said the owner is gone for the day but would contact me first thing in the AM.Received a detailed text in the AM about pricing from the owner. However,  beyond that--and here is the honesty part that threw me and prompted me to write a review--when I told him it would be my first oil change on a new car, he suggested checking if my dealer offered free oil changes as they typically do for your first one or few and he wouldn't want me to miss out on that!I reached out to my dealer and found out they do offer the first 3 free so I won't get to use his services this time but you can bet I'll come here after those 3 free ones run out! So anyway, this review is a kudos to honest businesses like this and business owners like Kuba. We need more people and businesses like this.
5	Saw a Groupon for oil change this morning and remembered my car needed one. Checked Yelp to see if there was anybody honest out there and found Island Auto Service and the great thing there's also a Groupon for oil changes with them for 39.99 (3 oil changes)...great deal. Came here and they started right away since it's not very busy here yet. Getting Synthetic oil for da kar and will just pay the difference. Very professional with nobody  trying to up-sale...what a relief. I will bring my car back for other services in the future for sure. Like all previous reviews, I've found my go to auto shop.
5	I had a great experience here at Island Auto. I came here because of the great reviews on Yelp and was not disappointed.  I had my radiator changed in two different cars and have referred friends and family and they all are very happy with Mr. Kuba's services.  He really is an honest mechanic.  He doesn't overcharge. His prices are reasonable.  If you come to Island Auto for your car needs I guarantee you will be happy with his services.
5	Honest, affordable, knowledgeable, friendly, and trustworthy.When you find a mechanic and an auto shop that is all of the above, you have found an extremely rare gem! Kuba and his crew will make sure that all of your auto needs are well taken care of and that you will leave very satisfied without depleting your savings account.If you were my grandma, I wouldn't recommend any other auto mechanic. Island Auto is the simply the BEST!
5	I am not a friend, family nor am I a worker here. I found out about this place on groupon. The owner, (at least I think he was the owner) was very helpful, honest and knowledgable. He had the best prices for an oil change.. Trust me, I shopped around.. Lol. I definitely will return if I need more work done, and I will recommend my friends and family here.
5	Amazing service, very friendly. I would recommend to anyone. Super honest guy. Answers all questions about your car. I'd never go anywhere else.
