5	Sherene does massage and eyelash extensions. If you've never seen yourself as a Disney eye-fluttering herione, this is your chance. Sherene will take the time to make your eyes creatively sassy! Or naturally beautiful, whatever your mood is.Eyelashes are a commitment - you'll spend a lot of time and money, but I promise you, you'll get more attention then you've ever had in the past - I've been approached about my lashes from the postman to the girls at the Starbucks to the beautiful Scottsdale waitresses.Sherene will help you plan for this new adventure in eyewear - she'll help you plan your look, your fills to keep them plush, and your budget. She would rather you be gorgeous and feeling great than missing out on such a fab service!I haven't done a massage with Sherene yet, but I can only imagine on how nurturing and caring she is with my lashes, that she would make sure every troublesome spot got feeling good again. She's a master at details and feeling/looking great.~ from an eyelash extension lifer
5	I saw Sherene to get lash extensions for the first time and wasn't sure what to expect. I must say I was AMAZED by her work and how different I looked after having them done.  Complete strangers were coming up to me complimenting my eyes and no one could tell the lashes weren't natural. I'm totally hooked. I make special trips to Arizona to see her. If you want comfortable, professional beautiful lashes, go to Sherene. Her and her lashings are incredible!
1	AWFUL experience. I too bought the Groupon and thought it was a deal too good to be true.And, it is.Sherene, the owner, was never there when I was, but assured me that her spray tan specialists were experts and would take care of me. Wrong!With your Groupon, you get 3 spray tan sessions. The first time I went in, the girl barely sprayed me. I got a little bit of color, but not as much as I wanted. She said it would peak in 24 hours so I waited ... and nothing. The second time I went in, another girl did my spray tan. I told her I wanted medium coverage, and for my legs to match my arms, which were slightly darker. She botched my body! I look like an Oompa Loompa! I am so orange, I could be the Phoenix Suns' biggest fan. I went home and scrubbed off as much as I could. Now I have a little bit of color and it's under control. Worst spray tan experience ever. I won't say the girl's name here because she was nice, but Sherene, if you read this, send me a note. This girl could really use more training. I will not be back for my third and final tan.
5	I've gone to Sherene twice now to get eyelash extensions and am sooo happy w/her results! I wanted the Disney/Kim Kardashian-look and she delivered. Sherene has talent and patience with this process - money very well spent. Her application room is so girlie and comfortable - you will feel like a princess, I promise!
5	Sherene never fails to amaze me. You'll feel like a pampered princess when you walk into the Diva Den. The room sparkles with pin-up girls, pink sparkles and candles. Sherene always makes sure I'm warm - extra blankets and cozy pillows. She always has the best girl music playing. And she is always sensitive to my needs - whether it be good conversation, peaceful rest, or uplifting life stories. And if you really want to get in good with her, bring her some homemade vegan treats.Seriously - lashes and massages - you will LOVE her! I have been going to her since she started her lashing journey...and she is the sweetest person I have ever met in the beauty industry. I wish her the best clients that love her as much as I do!:)
5	I just got the new LashDip service with Sherene and am SO happy with the results! I don't need to curl my lashes or use mascara - it's such a great time-saver. They look glam and and flirty - I will be a "repeat customer" with this fab new product! ;)
4	A friend with magnificent lashes told me about Sherene of It Girl Diva and I'm really glad she did.   Okay, I wanted a little Oomph for my lashes and was really pretty sick of trying to glue-on those crazy fake ones I buy at MAC.  I would never take them off after an evening of festivities and they'd always end up on my forehead or on Hubby ("gasp*).  I will say it takes a LONG time to get this done - about 3 hours for both eyes the first time you go - but you have to understand why.  Sherene takes lash by lash and glues them on to your own natural lashes.  It may not sound like a lot but to demonstrate, she put 120 lashes on one eye and about 130 lashes on the other.  Holy cow, its like surgery!  She does not rush the process or you which is really how we'd want it and she loves what she does.   I go back every 2-3 weeks or so to get maintenance on them and replace any sparse areas.After my first appointment, I will admit it took a while to get used to the volume but I found myself even fluttering my new eyelashes to the bag boy at the grocery store.  I mean they look so amazing, you don't need mascara at all on the top, only on the bottom ones.Her place is really cute - a one room office on the lower level of the Satchi Salon.  She has great music on and makes sure you're definitely comfy with blankets, etc.  If you wear contact lenses like me, you'll want to bring your case and solution because you'll have to pop them out for the process.  If you want gorgeous lashes, I would only go to Sherene.  I have read horror stories about other places and I know she does "corrections" for clients that went to somewhere else and had problems.  The only gripe I would have is that Sherene can be so detail oriented, she runs late.  If that bothers you, just take a deep breath in and remember how stunning your eyes will be after she's done with you.
5	Sherene really doesn't mind and actually demands on taking as much time as needed to give you sexy lashes.  She is a perfectionist and tries her very best to maintain your lash health unlike other nail salons or hair extension places that happens to also do eyelash extensions? Scary. The idea of my nail salon place doing my eyelash extensions too. Isn't that like doing taxes with your car insurance company too?
5	Sherene is a DIVA ---- not a Diva with 'tude but talent!Came to Sherene after looking for a place to get my lashes done. I've been on a lash-extenion hunt these days and was happy to find a place close by. The lashes she used on me were ''crescent'' ones and it definitely gave me OOMPH for the holidays.Mine lasted about 3-4 weeks and the process took about an hour. Sherene doesn't rush and takes her time. But don't make an appointment if you are rushed. She also gives you a little kit to take home that includes a cute tweezer and lash brush to maintain. For someone interested in lash extensions -- word of advice: have a conversation about what kind of look you want and be prepared to make a great investment. After getting my lashes on, a week later I felt they were falling out. I immediately sent Sherene a  picture and she immediately squeezed me to make sure they were okay. I appreciated the fact she made time for me and made me feel like a valued customer.
5	I absolutely adore Sherene! I never imagined any human being to be so passionate about eyelashes and their clients. I have had nothing but with success with Sherene and if there has been a minor issue it is addressed promptly and very warmly. I would recommend her to anyone!
5	Sherene is a true talent. She is extremely detail oriented and did an amazing job on my lashes. This was my first time having lash extensions and I was a bit apprehensive. I've seen some that look super fake and to over the top. But Sherene made mine look wonderful and enhanced my natural look. She also has a wonderful energy about her and you can tell this is a true passion for her. Great experience across the board.
5	This crew is AWESOME!!! Everyone is really good. Doesn't damage lashes. Very experienced
5	i have been going to sherene for years for my lashes. she is not only professional and accommodating, she is also bar none the best lasher in phoenix. she is absolutely meticulous with her process and i leave her studio with the most beautiful lashes (and everyone notices). she does not rush through the process. she takes her time and is precise and a perfectionist. i am completely pampered while in her care and have been known to fall asleep on her table :). if are looking to get lashes, either a natural set or if you want to go full glam, sherene is your girl. you will NOT be disappointed!
5	Sherene is amazing! I had eyelashes applied at a different salon and was frantic as they were not done properly! Sherene responded to me quickly and was kind enough to get me in that same day! She went above and beyond! If you are thinking of getting lashes done, she and her salon should be your first and only call!!!!!
5	Sherene is the eyelash extension queen! I went to Sherene a couple of years ago for several months as I wanted to try out the extensions. Sherene is meticulous, extremely customer service oriented, and knows the perfect lashes for the look you are after- whether it is natural or insanely long and luscious. I would highly recommend It Girl Diva and Sherene if you are looking to pamper yourself! I was always extremely impressed that she always checked in to see how my lashes were doing the next day. Also, I have very sensitive eyes and she was very conscientious of this and used a sensitive eyelash glue on me. She is a sweetheart of a person and if you are looking to get "lashed"-I know you will love both Sherene and her work.
5	Sherene is a sweetheart and her works speaks volumes.  Volumes of gorgeous lashes that is.  She is certified in the 3D volume technique, which is great for me, because I don't have very thick natural lashes at all.  She can glam you up or fix you up if you decided to go somewhere else and get some cheap (and bad) lashes.I met Sherene through a friend after I had a very bad lashing experience and I always make sure to see her when I'm in town.
5	After having lashes on and off over the years, I finally have found THE one. Taylor is the best and very reasonably priced for the attention to detail and time spent perfecting your lashes. I am just thrilled with the results. You will NOT be disappointed. If you want long lasting lashes that don't ruin your own, feel natural, and look amazing, make the investment with Taylor!
