3	cheese bread. it's like mana from heaven. and TOPPERS makes me wait ONE FUCKING HOUR to get it.that is total bull shit. so i have been waiting for an hour and no cheese bread.i am drunk and angry and am going to NOT want to tip...WTF???
4	Terrific pizza and the cheese bread is out of this world.  It's a shame they closed their West Town area location.
3	It was a Topperstix experience in high school that made me realize I wanted to go to college... (that's sort of true) They're disgusting, greasy, and always taste a little burnt-like-funny but for $9.99 and 3 different dipping sauces, I can't complain too much. (since my mouth is full of greasy tasty-ness)
2	Oh you gotta be fucking kidding me.  If you live in a dorm, topper's is like your idea of heaven.  There's something about being that age that makes you want to order cheese covered bread that's so greasy that it soaks through the box and then dip it in ranch dressing.  You know what that something is called?It's called weed.
1	I really like the triple order of cheese sticks at Toppers.  Their pizza really sucks, but the cheese sticks are pretty awesome.  I'm not exactly the most adventurous eater all the time, but i decided to try the mac and cheese pizza.  Obviously they were copying Ian's in that department, but I figured since I like the Ian's pizza, i would try Toppers.Big mistake.OMFG, the first bite was awful.  I knew there was something off right away.  I lifted up the noodle cheese crust thing, and I realized that the whole crust was covered in some sort of orange glue.  Seriously, the pizza was covered in some imitation cheese-wiz.  I say imitation because cheese-wiz is better that the orange shit that was on my pizza.  And I ordered a large!  I actually threw the rest of the pizza away, because I wouldn't feed that shit to a dog.
4	Open late hours, delivery, SOOOO cheesy! The cheesy Toppersticks are de-freaking-licious. So buttery. So greasy. Soooooo delightful. Costs a bit more, but it's a distinctive cheesybread. :)
2	You have to completely and utterly tanked to enjoy Toppers. Period. There is no other reason any reasonable person would ever want to put this shit into their body. This is the result of Ronald McDonald and the Noid conceiving a demon baby in a pit of flaming grease.  I have personally witnessed the reinforced cardboard pizza box fall apart under the pressure of that seeping acid they call oil. You will have burning diarrhea for days. There is good cheese everywhere in Wisconsin; the pudding-like goop they put on top of their pizza is not an excuse to do this to yourself.Combine this with the fact that they have the most arrogant, inattentive customer service in the history of restaurants, and it makes for the shittiest dining experience possible. It takes no less than an hour to get a pizza from here, but it leans more towards 2-3 hours when it's late and the drunk idiots with no taste barrage the place with orders. I am pretty sure that eating at Toppers is forbidden in the Old Testament. For the sake of yourself, everyone in smelling distance of you, and the children with birth defects you may father/mother if you continue to eat here, just put down the phone.Upped to 2 stars because I enjoyed it in a drunken, shameful moment of weakness. May or may not have cried afterwards.
4	fast, cheap, and good
5	Thought I would give Toppers a try.  Very friendly staff, informative and good pizza to boot.  Thanks guys for helping a first timer and I will be back!
4	So toppers is fantastic... Bacon Toppers Sticks and fantastic delicious pizza... End of story. Bad things? they take WAY too long sometimes to get an order ready however I will say they are generally always busy. Especially this particular location because they are so close to downtown, students are hitting this place up all day. Also at the end of the night on a friday and saturday night it becomes packed to the gills right around 2:30am. Mainly students who work there but they are always really nice and do their best to get you your order ASAP. This location is great but they could get an order done a tad faster.
2	My friends and I ordered 1 Large pizza and 1 Triple Order Original Toppers sticks through their website at 5:45p.  The estimated delivery time was 6:37p. Not too bad...However, the delivery guy didn't show up until 7:15p. To me, that is not good service. especially for only two pizzas. Delivery guy only said, "sorry about that" and when we called at 7:15p to make sure that the order went through, they guy just said, "It's on its way." I think it could have been handled much better!
4	I've ordered take out a bunch of times, and they've always had my order ready by the time I got back from shopping at the 7eleven kitty corner to the location. The thin crust pizza is on par with all the other major chains. My only issue is with their pepperoni, which are fairly narrow slices that curl up and pool the grease as the pizza cooks. I usually do a pat down with a paper towel. The staff are friendly and seemingly efficient.
5	Some of the best pizza I've ever had. I'm visiting from LA, we have some awesome pizza out there too. But this is the best pizza I've had in all of Wisconsin. Make sure to get your pizza on the tall boy crust!! Toppers, you guys rock!!!!
2	I'm clueless as to why there is so much hype for this place. Maybe I should have ordered one of their specialty pizzas, but I opted for a cheese pizza instead. And it's bad.  Wish I would have opened up the box when I picked it up; there is only a small amount of cheese on the pizza, and it has clearly been sitting there for awhile. On top of very little cheese, I got jipped on sauce. It was only luke warm, and it is hard to choke down another piece. Next time I'm craving pizza, I'll stock up on some frozen pizzas or walk down the street to Rocky Rococo's.
