5	I meant to review this a while back, but better late than never, especially since no one has reviewed them yet.I was recommended to Vegas Plumbing during a garbage disposal failure, my water heater wouldn't come on, and we had some toilet issues (new house, what can you do?).  This is my first house, and I don't know what the Hell I'm doing at times from that transfer from landlord reliance to self-sufficiency, but my experience was top-notch.  They sent a fellow by the name of Mike out to my place.  Mike was awesome for several reasons: He detailed exactly what was wrong with the system, gave me a great rate, and it was very clear that repeat business and doing a good job was more important to him than ripping me off with extra costs.  He did his work, and was gone.  I called his office and told the receptionist to pass along to his manager what a great job he did, and what a professional he was.Well, a day later, one of the fixes didn't hold.  It was a wrong sized washer, and Mike came back immediately, and worked diligently on the offending pipe until it was truly and completely fixed.  I asked how much I owed him for this particular follow-up service.  He just looked at me and said with a smile: "I heard that you called into the office and said some good things about me.  Thanks.  You have a good day."And with that, he left, and my plumbing has worked fine ever since.  I can't say that I look forward to the day when I have to call upon the plumber again, but when that time comes, I now know who to call (and it's not Ghostbusters).
5	Carl was very good and efficient - gave us working bathrooms again-fast and friendly! Arrived when he said he would. Highly recommend.
5	We've used This company in the past and were totally satisfied.  So when my husband took  a shower in the master tub last night and the tub filled with water that wouldn't drain, and the guest bathroom tub almost overflowed....he called Vegas Plumbing again.  The house is old!  My husband and I were stressed out over our plumbing situation and thinking we would have to break out our piggy bank and then some didn't help.  My husband had to go to work and didn't like the idea of me having to deal with this alone either.  He called around 12:30 or 1:00 p.m. and the office said someone would be at our house between 2 and 5 p.m.   So right around 1:45 p.m. the doorbell rings and Carl the plumber is here.  That is fast service!  Carl worked very hard snaking the tub and checked all my concerns regarding the problem and answered any questions I had.  Carl was very nice and courteous and didn't treat me as the "airhead" wife, he explained exactly what was going on...very professional.  He even cleaned the tub and area in which he worked.   I held my breath as I asked to see the bill and was able to exhale as it was a very fair price for all the hard work.  I hope I won't have to call again....but if I do it will be to Vegas Plumbing and I can highly recommend them.
5	We called Vegas Plumbing for a kitchen sink leak (which happened on a Saturday, naturally!), and everything went right thereafter:The plumber (Carl) came when we were told he would,He was friendly, quickly  sussed out the problem and explained it clearly,He had the necessary part in his truck and installed it promptly, andthree hours later there's still no leak, so the job was done right.We will definitely call them again and recommend them to everyone in need of a good, honest, conscientious, professional plumber.
5	Fabulous service once again! Carl is a true professional. He is fast & very nice. He was at my house in 40 minutes!!! Highly recommended.
5	AMAZING JOB! I run a salon 7 days a week and we only had a limited time to get new shampoo bowls installed. 1st of all they were the only company on a Tuesday to answer their phones. 2nd I had 2 respectful gentlemen show up within an hour to install my equipment. The owner Crystal even stopped in at the end to make sure I was satisfied with the work! ask for Carl and James! 100% IMPRESSED. Thank you
5	TJ IS AWESOME! I have never met anyone in this industry that is as committed to their work than this guy. He gave us an honest estimate and performed! He wasn't feeling well and was super sick yet showed up at 8am and hooked up the entire nightmare plumbing project. This was not an easy job and he was quick, efficient, professional, and did great. We are so lucky and so fortunate to have found him and Vegas plumbing!
5	Vegas Plumbing is the best!!!!!! I contacted them because I had a cracked toilet. and they got on it right away. The plumber T.J was very nice, knowledgeable, professional and neat with his work. Upon arriving he called to let me know ahead of time when he will be arriving. I give this company 5 stars and I highly recommend this company for any plumbing services you need.
