5	I am a massage junkie and have NEVER had a bad massage at this place. Very professional people, friendly staff, spotless rooms and waiting area, and reasonable prices. Heather is the BOMB!
4	I've been here twice now with my mom.  We signed up for the "Preferred Customer" plan, and I'll admit, I'm still not sure how that works.  But, we'll keep it going for a little longer, because I could sure use the massages!The massages are amazing.  So relaxing and they've done a great job creating the right atmosphere.The second time we went in, we also got facials.  Two hours of being pampered! For multiple treatments, you get a robe and slippers, with a basket to place your belongings in - this makes the transition from room to room much easier, and gives you that blissed out spa experience.  The facial was good, and gentle enough while effective - can you say baby's butt - that's what my face felt like. After the facial, I moved on to the hot stone massage.  It was the first one I've ever had using the stones, and it was worth it.  The heat really makes a difference.My massage therapist was professional, and had a very caring touch. Everyone in the facility is very nice and calming.We had an issue with what we were promised when we signed up, and what was in the computer, however, the guy at the counter did what he could to make it right.  I think the owner just needs to remember what he promises - so if you go in and get offered a deal, make sure they note it!
4	Amazing! I was in town visiting and I was in desperate need of a massage, my neck and shoulders were killing me for about 2 weeks. So as always I YELPED a massage place and came up w/ Hand & Stone. I checked out the reviews and it looked OK so I gave them a call. I got an appointment the same day (it was a Wednesday night). Once I got there I found out because it was my 1st time the 1hr was $39, score! My Massage therapist that evening was Stephanie, she was very sweet. As far as the massage, she was amazing, she pretty much spent the entire hour working on my neck and shoulders. When she finished I felt so much better. As far as the "Preferred" program mentioned in another review. If you would like to be part of the program they will charge you a lower rate for your massage (or facial) and it will automatically be charged to your credit card once a month. No sign up fee, no fee to cancel, and massage (or facial) roll over to the next month if you don't it that month. It pretty cool if you want a massage once a Month. HOWEVER- you DON'T"T have to be part of the preferred program to get a massage. Overall this place was great and everyone was very friendly. I will probably make this a regular stop each time I'm here in phx.
5	Who doesn't love a good massage? I love this place, my husband and I have a membership and we only pay 80 a month, we both get a choice of an hour relaxation massage or facial. It is such a nice treat and indulgence each month. They can always get us in at the same time and usually even on the same day we want an appointment. The owner is so nice and everyone I've gone to is very good.
4	Because it is on my way home from the office,  and I love the staff, this is my standard, "I NEED a massage now!" place to go.  Jordan is fabulous and the owners are great.  They understand customer service and everything is so reasonably priced.  I've been a preferred customer there for almost a year,  and am so grateful to have a nearby, convenient EXCELLENT spa to slip away to when I need some pampering.  BTW, Jordan ROCKS and I always ask for her.  Can't wait until next Monday.  It will be 90 minutes of bliss!
4	Amazing massage
4	Good massage.  I got a 1hr hot stone massage.  Appt was easily made with short notice.  Friendly front desk, nice rooms.  IMO comparable to Dolce's services, without all the upselling afterwards.
5	Wonderful experience, affordable price, and most importantly very helpful massages!I love this place and go here every month to get deep tissue massage or facial. Every person over there is very professional and thorough. My favorite is Grace for deep tissue massage, it really helps release soreness in neck, back, and any other pain area.I recommend it to anyone having back issue or in need of massages for any reason.
4	Had my first massage after holding out for over 10 years. Had gone to the college training massages twice and thought they were ok but not a good experience. I still rate my massage on the very first one I had which was outstanding. Nothing better then relaxing so much you almost fall asleep. With this massage, it was basic. I would have to rate it with the college experience because I just don't really know what needed to be done. I figure I would go with the medium pressure and really should have gone with the deep tissue. It was nice and relaxing but not enough.  The girl was very informative and suggested what I should have gotten in the first place. I signed up for the monthly services which included either the massage or the facial which if I didn't use it I don't lose it but it carries over to the next month. The whole experience surely made me feel important and comfortable.
5	Hand & Stone Massage has Massage Envy beat hands down.  The therapists as a whole do a better job and I like the fact that the owners are actually there and know you by name.  It is a very professionally run facility and I love that the contract is very flexible and month to month.  This is a class act.  You also don't lose your massages that you have paid for if you discontinue your month to month contact.  I like that you can get a true deep tissue massage and the surroundings are very serene and clean.  If you like to receive a regular massage you cannot go wrong with the value or the price of Hand & Stone!
5	Love this place!  The owners always greet you by name...Kyle, my massage therapist, is thorough and very nice...
5	Stasha is one of the best facial therapists whom I have ever had. She is so knowledgeable and supportive.  Every facial is a delightful experience.  Linda
5	This place rocks! They are all very courteous and very good at what they do.  For $39 as a premier member, who could complain? I have paid much more for less. My husband and I joined and get a massage each once a month. I am paying for it as my treat for our "date night". When we walk out we are so relaxed and happy. I have liked everyone I have gotten, but I have to say Melissa is my favorite so far. I had a hot stone massage tonight for the first time. It was heavenly. She got into places where I wanted to scream. I know then that the knots are going to be worked out. I highly recommend this facility!
4	Love this place and I think the price is awesome compared to Envy. I love the atmosphere, it's relaxing and peaceful from the moment you walk in until the moment you leave. I did sign up for the monthly plan, which is a little cheaper and your services roll over if you don't use them. I gotta give a shout out to my fave, Brandy!! YOU GO GIRL!!  Have you ever caught yourself mid snore? Yeah that's what hapenned to me... I almost drooled on the table because I was so relaxed. Ha! Will be back this weekend.
5	This spa is very, very nice. The therapists are wonderful, and the owners are involved there every day, know you and welcome you. I am on the monthly contract, and feel that it is a very good deal as the monthly fee allows you a nice basic massage, and the option to have additional massages or facials during the month at the same price. The spa is very clean and nice, and the experience is relaxing and therapeutic. There is no pressure to upsell, just an explanation of what their monthly plan is about the first time you visit. From then on, its very low-key. Nice!I recommend this place highly. I will have a facial for the first time next week, and look forward to that experience as well.
5	FANTASTIC!!! I have been on a monthly contract with this location for over a year now and it has always been a great experience. the prices are very reasonable especially considering that every therapist gives a fantastic massage. I have seen at least 4 different massage therapists since I started going here and every one has been just as good as the previous. I HIGHLY recommend either Brandi or Jessica.  The front staff is awesome too. Craig knows me by name when I come in which is very nice. They are extremely professional and always very thankful for everyone's business. I have always found other massage places, like the Massage Envy across the street from Hand and Stone, to be "hit or miss." You never know if it will be the best massage you've ever had or the worst. Don't even mess with another massage places, Hand and Stone in Awhatukee is top notch and will not disappoint!
5	I love Hand and Stone! I have been to a few massage places, but this is by far the best. Hand and Stone has very experienced and skilled massage therapists that do great work. They are competitively priced, and offer 1, 1.5, and 2 hr massage appointments.The franchise owners are excellent as well. This location was not as good before they came in, but they are extremely personable, flexible and easy going, and willing to do whatever they can do to make the customer happy. If you live in Ahwatukee give them a try. You will not be disappointed!
4	I had a massage and a facial done. The reason for my 4 stars is the first girl that did my massage was not friendly at all- she didn't make me feel welcomed, she didn't even smile!! And the massage I have to give a 5 out of 10. My facial however was done by Laura- she was great. Super friendly, explained everything to me. I had the signature facial and it was very soothing, I like how my skin feels after the treatment. The place is very clean and nice. I will definitely be returning for facials with Laura and a massage with a different girl.
5	I love this place!  I've been three months in a row and two of the three massages were absolutely stellar.  The first two massages were excellent because the therapist could find the exact muscles when you said my shoulders are are in pain they went right into the problem areas and were able to work those muscles out.My last massage was more of, how do I describe it?  Overall not so good.  The nice thing is they keep the therapists' names on file so when I called just now to schedule my next appointment they scheduled me with the Second therapist I went to who was absolutely insanely good!!!
5	This is a great place.  Everyone loves what they do there and super friendly plus super clean.  Thanks for the great service.
5	I received a gift card for Hand & Stone recently so I gave them a try. I'll fully admit that I'm a massage snob, I've had expensive massages but I've never been to a massage spa like this so I was excited for the gift but also a little apprehensive. When I called to make my appointment I asked for someone with a bit more experience and I was given an appointment with Lisa. When I arrived for my massage I was very happy with her and my concerns immediately vanished. My massage was great, and the prices are as well. I was extremely happy with every aspect of my visit and I'll definitely be back again.
