5	I have found my new favorite lounge here in Scottsdale...and I don't have to drive down to Old Town!! Stone Rose is the innovative creation of the Gerber Group.  by infusing Scottsdale's nightlife with cutting-edge design, signature cocktails, and a dash of glamour - all within a unique indoor/outdoor setting.A large outdoor bar is surrounded by couches and fire pits and beautifully landscaped.  The indoor portion of the bar/lounge has wooden floors and ceilings with black leather couches...making for a retro 1950's feel.Stone Rose is absolutely beautiful within the Fairmont Princess grounds.  With another NYC lounge opening here in Scottsdale, I am beginning to feel more at home here in the desert!For all you folks that live here in North Scottsdale, we finally have a posh/laid back lounge!
4	The Stone Rose at the Fairmont Princess is the 5th Gerber Group lounge I've been to.  I used to frequent one all the time in Boston and I was just at the Stone Rose in NY last month.  The inside part of the bar looks pretty much just like every other Gerber lounge.  There is actually more light in there than the others.  The menu is exactly the same and just like the other locations, the bartenders here can't make a good mojito.  And because they are mainly based in NY and LA expect NY and LA prices. What makes this particular lounge different is the large outside bar.  Well, I suppose the Whiskey in Vegas has that too but there is an overwhelming "resort" feel here that you don't get at the other locations.  They are clearly nightspots.  This is clearly a resort bar.  Not that there is anything wrong with that, but you can expect to see kids in pj's hanging out. Then you have people who are there for weddings so they are dressed for that....and you have your tourists in plaid shorts and Tevas.  So it ends up being an interesting mix. Also, because of the resort feel the music isn't quite the same, its more laid back.  The service is super friendly which is always appreciated.  In North Scottsdale where the nightlife options are few its a good choice for a relaxing lounge.
4	This is a great hotel bar that wavers somewhere in between the ultra-clubby climes of the Scottsdale Mondrian and the refined Phoenician.  The difference here would be if the Phoenician patio contained a higher ratio of plastic platinum blonde tramps to graying platinum card holders.  Regardless of the disconnect, the element of the crowd is easily ignorable from the plain expanse of the patio bar.It was definitely more relaxed than I expected, especially since I am very familiar with Rande Gerber's sceney bar franchises from L.A. to New Orleans to Chicago.The setting was near perfection with an amazing late April breeze flowing through the towering four-story courtyard of the mission-style Scottsdale Fairmont Princess and dictating the night.  Servers in black identical-uniform like cocktail dresses doted on us every 10 minutes or so, refilling our Anchor Steams and pinot grigios by the glass. While a nearby party stole our cocktail table prior to our arrival, I hadn't really noticed since the servers promptly brought us a large wooden tray to rest our drinks on the comfy white chaises. The sheer expanse of the Stone Rose patio complete with a moat-like reflecting pool and fire pits really differentiates the space from other Gerber outposts and calms the mood from a more compact raucous surrounding to a more calm relaxing luxe outdoor lounge.
4	The drinks there were pretty good but it was a pity the crowd was not there!! Perhaps it was the long weekend that made everyone go out of town cuz counting our party at the lounge, I think there was only 15 other ppl there at a given time.  We tried the food that they were serving at Bourbon Steaks and it not as good as I had expected it to be.  What ever you do, don't order the popcorn as it does not have any truffle oil flavors!! it felt like i was just eating buttered popcorn from the theatres and tell you frankly I've had better popcorn at the theatres.  Also the lobster corn dog was so mushy you don't even know if there were any lobsters inside.  The two things that were worth trying were their sliders and their ahi tuna sampler.  The other lounge items were just mediocre.Next time i think better go to have dinner at Bourbon Steaks and get a better feel for how MM (mIchael mina) is doing on their projects.
4	I have never been to a hotel bar lounge in my life that was so friggin DARK!  Outside and inside...heck, outside on the patio I barely could see where I was walking.  Not sure if this was entirely necessary.Everything is spacious and the seating was very comfortable.  And yes I know that I am at a resort in Scottsdale...but I was starving and still couldn't see myself paying $23 for an appetizer...or $10 for some fries.  (duck fries, whatever)  The drink selection was amazing and the server was even nice enough to give a starving chickie some pretzels :)I would definitely go there again though...if somebody took me on a date.  (hint hint)
1	Very disappointed...I had my usual Dirty martini, but a friend wanted just a soda since she was driving....Do you know what they charged...$4.00!!  For a soda!  And it was in the smallest glass!  Come on....With DUI laws that we have here in Scottsdale and the economy crisis that we are in,  $4.00 for a soda is a bit much when it is cheaper at Target to get a case!  ($3.50) I am not cheap by any stretch, but I think it is a bit absurd to over inflate the price of a soda!  Don't go to Stone Rose if you are looking for a drink deal!
2	I called ahead to find out the deal for getting into the bar on a Saturday night over Memorial Day Weekend and they gave me he impression it would be crazy and they were expecting a "big weekend."  I am sure all the Scottsdale residents WERE expected a big weekend-in Vegas!  As we walked from Bourbon Steak to Stone Rose, you could have heard crickets chirp.  The crowd was about 25 people and they were all sitting at the bar.  The loungers and outside perimeter was completely empty.  We sat on a lounger for about 5 minutes before going up to get our own drink.  Later I did see a cocktail waitress go over to one table, look in our direction and completely ignore us.  I like low lighting, but the lounge area was really dark.  So much so, that I spilled red wine in my new Michael Kors dress and I still don't know how.  Im taking a star off for terrible service and the fact that my dress is still at the cleaners a month after my return to KC :(.  I get the feeling Randy has had his day and it was somewhere in the 1990's.
3	I was staying at the Fairmont for a business conference and decided to make the Stone Rose my regular night-spot, considering old town Scottsdale is a good 20 min cab ride away. The bar is actually really nice. It has a modern decor, outdoor seating, and pretty good lighting. I'd say the only criticism is that the crowd varies. I was here on a thursday, friday, and saturday (for "networking" purposes only, of course) and thursday was popping, friday was dead, and saturday was mediocre. I'd say that if you are staying at the Fairmont, or are anywhere close enough by, this would be a fun place to stop in and check out. I wouldn't drive all the way from Old Town though, as I am sure there are more fun and exciting night spots there.
3	good but nothing special.  staying at the fairmont and thought I would try it out.  over priced for what you get.
3	Cool place, but I was expecting a lot more from the Gerbers.  Drinks were good and the bartender was nice.
4	I've been to Stone Rose a handful of times and have always really enjoyed it. I've only been to the outside portion of the bar, which is great when the weather cools off. The inside bar has always looked a little dark and empty. They have a nice-sized area with couches and fire pits as well as a square bar with seating. We've always had good service and drinks (I love their different flavors of mojitos with fresh fruit). They drinks are a little pricey, but it's worth it to indulge in really tasty drinks every now and then. We've also enjoyed meeting and chatting with some very interesting travelers hanging out at the bar.
5	Great patio, awesome drinks inside the Fairmont Princess Hotel.... I came here after dining at the Bourbon deal.....and it was refreshing. They have some amazing mixed drinks on the menu and a fun environment. Good place to mingle and meet people.
4	It was the best of times, for I was surrounded by my friends.It was the worst of times, for I was unable to eat solid food the next day.It was the age of wisdom, for we were at the conference to be enlightened by our fellows.It was the age of foolishness, for we drank 5 bottles of Veuve.It was the epoch of belief, for we were confident in the correctness of our decision to drink until 3 a.m.It was the epoch of incredulity, because, cmon, we REALLY drank 5 bottles of Veuve?  Yikes!It was the season of Light, for it is in the Valley of the Sun and I played golf twice and only got burned a little.It was the season of Darkness, because after drinking Veuve until 3 a.m., you need a dark room in which to consider what you have done.It was the spring of hope, for April is spring, and we were hopeful that the party would go well.It was the winter of despair, for after 3 short days, we all headed our own ways, our paths not to cross again for many months.We had everything before us, for we are kinda young, mostly awesome, and totally brilliant.We had nothing before us, for we stripped to our skivvies to sit in a private hot tub at 2 a.m.We were all going direct to heaven, and our present setting was a reasonable approximation of that destination.We were all going direct the other way, because, really, sitting in a coed hot tub in your skivvies?In short, the period was so far like the present period, that some of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received, for good or for evil, in the superlative degree of comparison only.  And the experience always has been, and was, and will be, so superlative that there is little other way to describe the experience except by relation to the others.These are my friends.  That I have such friends paints a better picture of me than I could ever hope for.  That I get to see them so seldom paints a bleaker picture than I would choose.  Almost, one might say, a Dickensian picture.  I hope he will forgive me for this.
5	I've been to this place probably 30 times and it never ceases to have the tastiest drinks and friendliest bartenders in all of Scottsdale. Meredith, Steven, Fernando and Mike will make you a consistently delicious drink each and every time no matter what your taste buds crave! They're also hilarious and will have you smiling through each tasty libation. Be sure to check out the black raspberry martini and ask for the limelight. Feeling hungry? The chicken lettuce wraps are amazing. You won't be disappointed!
4	Great wine list and excellent service. Every time I stay at this Fairmont, the Stone Rose Lounge is on the agenda. The place is a cool retreat from the 102 degree 10PM August evenings. They also have great giant TV for late night baseball, as well as many smaller ones.
4	This trip was much cooler---only 98 degrees at 11PM. The Stone Rose is the oasis and I had to go visit. This was a quieter version with the same excellent service from before. The ambiance is casual elegance and the drink and wine selection is very good.
3	I went to the Stone Rose for their annual 'Nightmare on Princess Drive" halloween party. The drinks are on the pricey side but it's a nice place with a large outdoor patio with a ton of seating and fire pits and a nice indoor with large windows so it feels a little like you're outdoors. The DJ really sucked while I was there because it wasn't real dance music and he played all the awful overplayed songs that make people change the radio station (a whole lot of black eyed peas and pitbull). The last hour he shifted into rap/hip hop which was much better but kind of late into the night. The bar was understaffed for the party and it took forever to get a drink...however I think under normal circumstances the Stone Rose would be a really nice place to come for nice cocktails & relaxing outside.
3	Cool chic bar at The Fairmont. I was here on a hot summer evening so it was a quiet Saturday night. The inside is very chic and sexy and they play good music. The outdoor bar was understandably closed but this is my favorite part as it is on a concrete platform surrounded on three sides by streams of water. So I must come back in autumn or winter and partake again.I like the outdoor pool table and micro-mini putting green. So while my experience was short on thrills, the potential for good times is definitely there. My server Anna is beautiful and sweet and the rest of the servers seemed sophisticated yet fun.Their location is pretty convenient if you live in north Scottsdale but this is far from Old Town. So if you are planning on barhopping in Old Town Stone Rose probably won't make the list unless you finish up here (and hopefully have a room to crash in). This is probably a place you'd want to pre-plan with your crew and make a stellar night of it.
2	Pretty place, but snotty management and the cocktails are not very good. After being told that a booth was reserved we were invited to sit with a large corporate group which was so kind of them. That "reserved" table never became filled
3	Positives: great bartenders with generous pours, and the outdoor portion of this lounge is pretty amazing. Negatives: Waitresses are HORRIBLE. They must hate their job because they do not smile at all, and they actually NEVER asked us for an order. The wife and I sat at 1 of the tables with a fire pit, so I had to go to the bar every time to grab a drink. The only time the waitress came to us was when we were obviously done at the end of the night. Pretty much a dumb beezy.
2	The mojitos are good and $13. Nice atmosphere. Still not the best service for a "5 diamond" property. The group we were with ordered about 6 servings of nice 15 yr old scotch (straight up) which they didn't have. They replaced it with 20 yr old at twice the price totaling $270. They really should have been made aware of the price first, they WEREN'T happy.
1	Last call is a 1130pm.  Fail.  The Bourbon steak bar is awesome cuz there is nobody in it.  Fat people are loners.
3	I know and loved the Stone Roses in NY and LA so I was excited to see there was one at the Fairmont prior to a stay there this past summer. However this one although featured on the hotel website seems to be one of the best kept secrets when at the hotel. After having dinner off property my friend and I returned to the hotel hoping to have some drinks here and either it wasn't open on a weeknight or has no signage or is not really at the Fairmont. We ended up at an outdoor bar which was a far cry from Stone Rose.
2	I went here with a couple of friends and their sangria is to die for.  I love their sangria so much, it is so delicious and kind of liked that it was dead to when I went.  The only thing I didn't like is we ordered appetizers here and they were hardly appetizers.  We ordered 3 different appetizers to share and 2 rounds of sangria pitchers for all of us combined.  We were going to share everything completely.  But when the appetizers came they were tiny, and I mean you get one bite each.  It was like a miniature sampler almost.  And when the bill came I just about passed out that 3 little appetizers and sangria could cost well over $100, and I do mean OVER $100.I understand it's scottsdale but if you saw the prices for that volume it's just too insane.  For that same $100 I could have gone to Buca Di Beppo in scottsdale and skipped the appetizers and got a pitcher of sangria and actual food for half if not one third the price.Otherwise the bathrooms were clean, the staff was speedy and friendly, and I loved sitting outside but those prices are so much I'd say only go there for drinks and to hang out. Get your food elsewhere.
2	My friend and I drove all the way from West Valley to have some dinner and drinks here. It's absolutely beautiful inside and outside, breathtaking. The drink prices are comparable to the area. Food a little pricey, but it was good! We were celebrating me getting married next weekend, so it was supposed to be a special evening. Two of the male bartenders were so nice and attentive, however, the female bartender was lackluster. She was rude, didn't smile once, and blatantly talked about my friend and I to the male bartender to the point where I could hear her. We did nothing to deserve this. We were literally sitting at the bar, catching up and having a couple drinks/appetizers. I was so offended and disappointed that she ruined my evening, and more so that I let her. My friend and I were talking about her recent trip to Mexico and how there was no WiFi and I heard the female bartender say to the male barteder "The girl stuffing a chicken wing in her mouth is complaining we have no free WIFI." Number one, I was talking about something completely different, and number two, who says something so rude and disrespectful about a paying customer? We spent 130 dollars between the two of us on just drinks and apps, I wished we were treated like paying customers. It's sad that such a beautiful resort can have such a sour person working for them. I get it, maybe she was having  a bad night (business was slow), but at least show some respect for the customers who are there. I do appreciate, however, how sweet and professional the other staff was. We still tipped 25 % because that's the kind of people we are, but she definitely deserved no portion of that tip.
4	This is my fave spot to be off the radar. With the holiday lights and decor right now, it is simply breathtaking to me how we transform the desert into a winter wonderland. It's beautiful, romantic, trendy, sexy. What more can you ask for other than the entire place to myself? But I won't be selfish because I like keeping good company. Great sprinkles of hotel guests as well as locals that frequent this spot. Inside is very inviting and cozy, but something about fresh air makes me perk up. I prefer the outside bar because it just coaxes you to saunter about the bar stools, or slither on to the couches, maybe even stare off into the midnight blanket of stars. And ladies, you won't need to deter from wearing even the slinkiest of dresses in the midst of dreary cold nights because there's enough space heaters or hidden spots with firepits to forget the crowd for some space sharing if that's your thing. Personally I like the warmth of a good scotch and cigar. The drinks are strong because the bartenders know how to have a good time. I like that they have a great cigar selection that includes my faves like the Opus X. Gotta admit, it's one star only because I didn't have food. But I don't come here for food, that's not my intent. It's about finding pleasure in good company.
