3	This is the weirdest little place.  Yet if you ask me why - it's hard to put a finger on it.  The ice cream is good, basic concept of put ice cream on marble, add toppings, mix and serve.  Nothing overly exceptional, but always good.  Bowls, cones, cakes and all the regular suspects.  But this location...It's tiny, and stuffed, like it was an after thought, behind a Burger King.  And both of those are in front of this medical complex that makes an L shape around them.  When we were driving away I think I noticed something else there too, like an insurance office (I was too distracted by the prospects of ice cream when driving there to really pay attention) but I can't be completely sure.  It's weird, because the combination of things in a strip mall doesn't normally freak me out, but somehow these 2, or maybe 3 business together just seems weird.  And it's kinda tiny.  There was only 1 table.  Not too much parking either.  Summary: Ice cream good.  Location, funky - but convenient since my friend lives down the street and she usually has a coupon.  (Long live coupons!)
3	If you like your ice cream with a dose of high school insanity, come here!  Both patrons and employees seem apathetic to anything else but text messages and talking loud.
1	The owner does not accept the birthday coupons that are emailed for this location.
5	We always have a good experience here.  Good service and allot of ice-cream. Its a little spendy but I usually have a buy one get one free coupon.
3	Living in Arizona, Cold Stone is a familiar sight.  You know what you're getting, the quality is always high & the staff is friendly and accomodating. There was one small problem in that the ice cream melted way too fast.They really do have great ice cream here.  What makes it great is that they use high butter fat content, which is all the difference when it comes to rich creamy ice cream.  They have a fantastic selection of toppings as well as suggested flavor combinations.  The ice cream always tastes fresh. I  like the mix-ins, and It's pretty much consistent from store to store. SERVICE:  FriendlyAMBIENCE: No different from any other Cold Stone.ICE CREAM: It was delicious! Delicious! DeliciousCONCLUSION: If you haven't tried Cold Stone Creamery, you are missing out. PRICE: All in all it's overpriced - It is spendy compared to alternatives (Dairy Queen and 31 flavors
1	We go to this Cold Stone allot and have had only great things to say about it.  But I was going to stop in Saturday evening around 8:30pm for some great ice cream but to my surprise I saw a ice cream fit in progress.  Ice cream was flying everywhere and on employees as well.  There was only one smaller gal that was trying to maintain a business like atmosphere for the on looking potential customers.  She was cleaning and seemed to be trying to stop the madness.I would not be surprised if they just put the ice cream back in the coolers after playing with it...pretty sad.  Won't be going to this Cold Stone for awhile if ever!!
5	I love this place! The reviews about the service here are not very good, and do not reflect my visits here at all! Every time I have come in, the employees have always been very pleasant and attentive. They are happy to allow you to try some flavors if you are thinking of trying something different. They do seem to be high school age, but from my experiences, they have all been very professional and pleasant. This location is quite small, but there is seating available inside and outside as well. Really convenient to me, especially when I need my milkshake fix quick! :) I recommend!
1	This Cold Stone Creamer should be called "not so cold stone creamery." Paid $6 for a slushy milkshake-like waffle cone. To top it all; waffle cone stale. Never again!
4	Had great service just like all the cold stones I've been to. But I don't come to cold stone very often because it's over priced.
