5	After a not so comfortable experience at a pediatrician's office, I decided to switch doctor's. I researched and read many reviews and was lead over and over to Mesa Pediatrics. I was instantly comfortable and loved our nurse Chrissy! She was very attentive and loving to my son. Our doctor, Dr. Jennifer Wallace was very sweet and answered all of our questions without making us feel rushed. I am definitely comfortable here and happy I made the switch.
1	Pediatricians do not meet and greet or interview... I am pregnant with my first child so as most hospitals tell you in all your preparation classes, "Interview Pediatricians." My OB's office is in the same center as Mesa Pediatrics so I stopped in to ask some routine questions such as is the office accepting new patients and do they accept my health insurance and do they have access to the hospital I will be delivering at. In addition I also wanted to see about making an appointment to meet / interview any of their doctors at this location. According to the gal at the front desk, none of the doctors at this location do interviews or meet and greets. She told me I could view their profiles on their website. That doesn't really provide a feel for the doctor other than what they can do or have done - doesn't show the type of bedside manner or even if you will like them. Being in the hospital with a newborn and a first time mom is not the time I would like to find out that I hate my child's doctor. I was told I could go to their Tempe location and interview the doctors there but none of the Tempe doctors work at this location. So how does that help me to choose a doctor at the location I was at and she said that it really didn't. She did mention that other people have left their pediatricians to go to their office but not being able to meet with them to see why, that isn't enough for me to choose them as my doctor's office for my child. Then she said that I could ask around and see what other people thought of this location but of course they can't provide a list of people who go to their offices. Why even mention that??? What was the point of that? I was so frustrated by that conversation. If you are currently interviewing pediatricians, you can cross this one off of your list of phone calls and drop-ins since the doctors will not meet with anyone who is not a current patient. I did ask a few of my friends who do have children about my experience and they did tell me this is unusual or they have not heard of this happening. So if the doctor that I do wind up taking my child to doesn't work out, I'll interview with other pediatricians before I even think about taking my child here.
1	HORRIBLE customer service!! After 10 years of my 5 children seeing them and hoping each time they might be more friendly or accommodating, but continuing because we live so close. We are done with you Mesa Pediatrics! We are paying customers with great insurance, you could care less. We are taking our money elsewhere!
5	Love the Drs here...Office is a little bit hit but that is to be expected to some extent.....overall very good care of my children. I would highly recommend!
5	I have worked with this group of physicians for 7 years and recently started taking my own son there. Great care, very understanding and supportive.
1	Each time we go here they mess up our billing and bill to the wrong insurance even though we've been going there for 4 + years. I can't ever get an appointment on the same day. The front desk staff is not very friendly or helpful (except 1 girl I can't remember her name). The one doctor I really liked here transferred to another location so now I have no reason to continue attempting to make appointments. They never followup to see how the kids are doing. When my child was in the hospital they never called to see how she was doing. If you like to have your child seen in a cold corporate fashion go here.
5	We take both our kids to Mesa Pediatrics. Dr. Wallace is awesome! They are quick to respond to after hours questions and call back within the hour. There is a separate entrance for sick and well visits and separate seating "areas" for both. The office is clean and the staff is friendly.
5	My boys have both been coming to Mesa Pediatrics since they were born.  I have always been happy with the care they have provided.  I adore our most recent Doc the most.  Dr. Valenzuela is amazing.  She is very thorough and great with my boys.  She is funny and very intelligent.  She asks great questions and follows up with previous issues without me mentioning them.  She explains important issues with comfort in a way that my boys understand.  She never judges or makes me feel guilty.  My youngest son had a concussion from riding a pocket rocket and crashing on his head.  Unfortunately he was not wearing a helmet.  She explained how important the helmet is and told me that if he isn't convinced drop an egg on the sidewalk.  This egg would represent his brain.  She said his big head of hair saved him but he needs to wear a helmet moving forward. If you are not happy with your pediatrician Dr. Valenzuela is an amazing Doc.  Give her a try and you won't regret the decision!
