5	An entire grocery store (ok, it's more like a 7-11 in size) Gluten Free? Sweet!This place is great.. lots of products. They also sell alternative items such as dairy-free stuff. They have a lot of kits for everything from baking muffins to dinner stuff like Hamburger Helper-style kits.I HIGHLY recommend this place and hope they get the support they deserve. The staff is SUPER friendly, helpful, and engaging. GO HERE AND SPEND MONEY. :)
5	LOVE, LOVE this store!! A definite need in the market place.  It is a gluten free heaven, to know you can walk in and eat anything in there!  The owner is so knowledgeable and helpful.  I've learned things from him about Celiac, what products taste good, and money saving tips.  Also, about what is going on in the gluten free world, as far as where to get pizza, and who keeps adding GF menus to their restaurants. A must visit!
5	I was thrilled when I heard about an entire store devoted to the Gluten-free lifestyle. I was even happy to make the long trek from North Scottsdale. With a recently diagnosed seven year old Celiac, I have been desperate to find healthy but delicious GF options. The selection here is great with everything from cereal to cupcakes. But what I really took away from it was loads of information graciously bestowed upon me by the owner. He talked with us for 15 minutes about diet, lifestyle and different resources including a tax credit for GF foods! Did you know about this? Amazing! All around, a great experience and we will definitely make the trek again.
5	Oh my goodness!  The cinnamon rolls are delish!
5	We went to this store, right before heading back home, to the chicago area last year.  i had only been gf for less than a year.  found out about some wonderful products and another gf store in Milwaukee, WI......  great products!!! esp oatmeal raisin cookies from Fresh from the Goddess!!!!! those were gone before we got to the airport.....looking forward to visiting here again very soon......when we come back to the Phoenix area!
5	FInally a gluten free heaven!!! I love going into this store and shopping my heart out. I love that he carries so many items that you cannot find in all the other grocery stores. The owner can tell you the difference between all of the pancake mixes, cornbread, pretzels etc.  SO HELPFUL!  I love that i don't have to read labels and risk getting sick. I love how nice the owner is and how helpful he always is. I absolutely recommend this spot for any special dietary needs!!
5	Love this store! Gary the owner is very knowledgable and helpful. I love all the fresh baked gluten free goods he keeps in stock too. I
1	I had the worse experience there. I'm new to this whole gluten free and I had a few questions. The problem was the guy that was manning the store was on a personal phone call the WHOLE time. So I finally started to leave and he stopped me to wait. By this time I was pissed and said no an left.
4	Great place to find GF food.  Maybe not the cheapest, but with everything in the same spot very convenient.  Probably saved gas money by not having to go to multiple stores.  Finally found GF tortillas that are awesome! They have fresh and frozen baked good from a local GF bakery.  Liked the fresh cinnamon rolls.  May not be Cinnabon, but will never find that in GF anywhere.  Staff is very friendly and helpful.  If you are just starting out as a new Celiac or going GF for any reason, go here first.  This would have been awesome for me when I was forced to go GF a couple years back due to health issues.  Husband is not GF, but found some GF pretzels he loves at a reasonable price (was much more expensive at Fry's).  Store items include snacky GF foods as well as mixes and hamburger helper type / rice mixes.  My favorite item is the scones, they are in the freezer case in the back (local bakery).  OMG I finally felt I was normal again, except I ate them all in one night....
