4	Great little spot in Glendale!If you hadn't noticed, the West side (make that all sides...) is a strip mall wonderland.  When I got to Kiss the Cook, I was pleasantly pleased to see that it was a free standing building (guess I'm easily impressed) with plenty of parking and even a cute patio!The menu was full of typical breakfast favorites including omelets, pancakes, and hearty breakfast indulgences.  5-star service!  Our coffee was never low and our water glasses were always replenished.  The decor inside was similar to my Michigan grandma's basement which made everything seem extremely relaxed.  As other Yelpers noted, the muffin basket is a highlight.  Once you order you are greeted with a little warm basket with several different types of miniature muffins of love.  mmmI love that when you get your bill (cheap too by the way!), you are greeted with a real Hershey's kiss!  These are the touches that are always forgotten with chain restaurantsI know I will return-totally worth a try if you are on this side of town
4	Kiss the Cook is so old school! Its a charming little place that's good to take the family or friends to enjoy breakfast. I use to live near by here and was first taken by people that raved about this place. I was surprised that they were right on about how good the food was. I am not a morning/breakfast person, but for Kiss the Cook I will get my lazy butt up to enjoy.
4	Kiss the Cook is stellar in some ways and just misses the mark on others, which in my book rates it a solid four stars. I have been eating here since high-school and find this little family owned restaurant charming.In addition to their regular menu (you can order breakfast or lunch any time), they always have three or four lovely specials. Generally, one is any omnivores dream, one takes fruit to a whole new level, and the other features one of their baked products done up to the nines.My personal favorite is the "build your own" omelet. The ingredients are all super fresh, the omelet is always stuffed, and the house potatoes that are served on the side are very yummy (although I would like them done a little more on the crunchy side). My sisters favorite is the Snow Pea omelet. She swears it is the perfect combination of crunch and fluff!Each meal starts out with a little basket of mini-muffin heaven. Alas the mini biscuits are no longer served, but man oh man are those zucchini muffins out of this world.So you may be wondering, after all these raves, what are the down sides... well on occasion there is a little more butter on the bottom of the plate than I am comfortable with and although they are supposed to be famous, their sticky buns aren't all that special.If you are looking for decent food, served with a smile, in a unique environment - you will definitely enjoy your visit to Kiss the Cook. Oh and there is that little chocolate kiss that leaves you wanting more...  : )
5	I absolutely LOVE Kiss the Cook. It is the cutest little place for breakfast and I love going here.The quaint little restaurant is decorated with country antiques and most of them are for sale. It reminds me of a place you would find in Prescott.I have had a few things on the menu and have always been delighted. The coffee is a little week, but then again, I start each day with a quad espresso so it may be unfair for me to judge.While you wait for breakfast they bring out a variety of VERY tasty muffins and bread... so, so tasty!!!!Good service and prices. No complaints from me :)
5	I took my daughter here for a girls day on Sunday. The place is so cute inside, not at all what I expected from the outside. It is drenched in country decor, but in a good way. I love how stuff did not match perfectly, like the chairs and the plates.They were actually closed when we arrived at 1:06 pm, but they gladly encouraged us to come in. The Hostess was a young lady that had a down to earth friendly personality and even complimented my daughter on her necklace. Our server was just as lovely and was very attentive the entire time.I ordered the eggs benedict ($7.50) and my daughter ordered a turkey sandwich on sourdough ($4.50). They delivered the delicious muffins that were mentioned in the previous post...we had banana nut and zucchini muffins and they were sooooo yummy.The food came out in no time at all and was very very pleased with the benedict and the potatoes that came with. The eggs were perfectly poached and hollandaise sauce was delish.The potatoes were just like I make at home, perfectly seasoned with  little crispy pieces here and there. I was impressed because I have paid a lot more for this elsewhere and did taste nearly as good. The daughter's turkey sandwich was stacked high with thinly sliced turkey and cheese and she was also very satisfied. I will definetly return here and would recommend trying it if you are in the area. The service and the food were both great and that is no easy task.
2	Kiss the Cook?  Shit - they should fire the cook!I should have known before visiting that I wasn't going to like the place. After all, the AZ Repugnant rated this place as its #2 pick (behind Matt's Big Breakfast) as the top place to have breakfast in the Valley.  As the six friends who read my reviews know, I've never understood the hoopla around Matt's Big Breakfast - it's OK - but geesh -- #1?  What happened to The Farm at South Mountain -- now that's a unique-fantastic-organic-only-can-find-in-Phoenix-Phoenician experience.Sigh - but I digress...Ross and I enter "Kiss the Cook".  The interior is special - hard wood floors, mismatched seats and tables -- we both say it reminds us of a country store.  "Nana" is the one who shows us to our seats.  My hopes rise and I start thinking that AZ Republic scored on it's review.We order.  Service is friendly, coffee was a little weak, but Ross loves the OJ.  Then the food arrives.  The presentation is impressive.  My omelet was TALL!  FLUFFY!  Both Ross and I were wowed!  Then I cut into it and it was runny, soggy, and tepid (not really warm).  The waitress came by, asked how everything was (and she seemed to really mean it versus the polite ask but they don't really care to know the answer question that usually comes from waiters).  I told her about the omelet and she offered for them to recook it.  She came back with my same omelet that must have been thrown in the microwave.  The top was steaming but interior now warmer - but not yet warm.   I picked around the soggy parts and ate the top (that was Ross' suggestion).The waitress came back again, concerned that I wasn't eating enough.  She was so sweet.  I didn't want to make her feel badly.  But she sent the manager over -- which I thought was very proactive customer service.The manager (maybe the owner?), stopped by and asked me what I thought might be wrong and offered up that it might be the egg beaters.  She did not offer me something else (but did suggest the next time I go in I should try the Pecan Cinnamon Roll).  And, when we got our bill, the omelet was still on it (they didn't comp my meal).We paid and no complaint.  I don't expect to be comped, I just thought the experience with the manager was interesting.
3	Based on fellow Yelpers we checked out KTC this morning... Not too bad - Cute inside, we were in the back room which was a little dark... muffin basket that reviewers have noted was just small bran muffins... not awesome, but ok.  The staff (esp Donna) was attentive and the food came out quickly.  Definitely better than Denny's...
4	As I write this review, I'm trying to think why I wouldn't give this place 5 stars. Today was my first time visiting this restaurant which is conveniently located less than a mile from my new beau's home. So we'll start with four stars until I have at least 5 visits under my culinary belt.In the 9 and 3/4 years that I have resided in Arizona, for the first time, I have found a breakfast place I can call "home".Let me start with the bacon. When I ponder going vegetarian, I am only halted from executing said diet merely because there is no way on Mother Nature's Great Green Earth that I could/should/would ever give up my beloved pork strip. All bacon is not created equal but KTC has found one of the blessed thick cut smoked bacon brands that surpass most. (Costco has a great maple bacon from Canada if you trust my bacon expertise) I and my table mates were pleased.We all ordered the day's special: Thick-cut bacon, eggs & potato cakes($7.45). Yummers! My love ordered an additional order of french toast ($4.50) with blueberries ($1.50) which he generously shared with I and his brother.The baby-sized muffins were a nice, tasty, fresh-tasting start and didn't ruin my appetite for the main meal.There were fresh flowers on the tables which I think is a great homey touch. The food presentation was visually pleasing. The orange juice ($2.25, large) was fresh and pulpy just like I like it. If it wasn't fresh squeezed it certainly tasted that way.I didn't order coffee cause it was "see-through" and I like it dark & strong.I agree with one of the other posters that the food is hella fresh tasting and this is what separates it from any of the pathetic chain restaurants its been compared to. (Incidentally, if Denny's is a place you frequent, that shit should have tasted like manna from the Heavens for you).Did you ever have bacon & eggs that tasted like old recycled lard? Ick. That's what's missing here and that's what makes Kiss The Cook special.The service was awesome. The staff are friendly and humorous.The decor is country cute and mismatched as one poster pointed out which lends to its grandmotherly charm.You get a "kiss" with your bill.Actually, I just realized, that I would give this place 5 stars if it used Organic ingredients sourced mostly from Local Farms. That can be hard when the meals you offer do not have ingredients that are available locally.If your palate longs for breakfast food made with "Love" and flavor, support Local Arizona small business and try Kiss the Cook!
3	Like Cracker Barrel except slower service and slower food prep time, and a paucity of seating.  The building is extremely long and narrow from the outside view, thereby leading to expectations of a roomy interior but then you get inside and feel tricked.  There's a small counter and cluttered waitstaff area that takes up a good chunk of the non-cooking area inside, and then what looks like a living room sized seating area is all that's left.  On a Monday morning I was barely able to get a table.  I can't imagine the weekends.Food was above average, prices were fair, but I thought the portions were too small.  For $5 it's a very small stack of 3 pancakes, and you're not eating into the profit margin much by having them actually fit the entire surface of the plate.  My order was more like the side order that you get for free with an omelette purchase at IHOP, except that the pancakes were spread out on the plate instead of stacked up straight.And the place does have that Cracker Barrel cute country feel to it, but the old part of Glendale isn't convenient for most of us, especially this portion that is immersed by used car dealers, pawn shops, and homeless pedestrians.
3	Kiss the cook is one of those places where it seems like a 50/50 chance that you will either have a good experience or an OK one. Judging by the initial reviews you would think this place is the go to breakfast place.  That isn't the case.  Its OK.  Nothing special nothing great.First off the service is lousy.  I have been told that you should always tip the most at breakfast.  Why?  There is something about going to a place and seeing empty tables that erks me when the hostess puts your name down and there is a wait.  Be it 5 minutes or 20 if there are empty tables sit the customer down.  I know that they try to evenly distribute customers to waitress for tips and what not but give me a break.  This place is not that big.  To be fair when we finally sat down our waitress was pretty nice.  After seating it took about ten minutes for the waitress to take our order.  I got the corn beef and hash and my fiance got the kiss the cook special.  The corn beef was good.  The portion size however was maybe a scoop full.  Kind of disappointing.  It came with two eggs and potatoes.  Again portion size not too great.  The food was good though I like the southwest seasoning that you can put on it.  My fiance got 2 eggs 2 pancakes and sausage.  Her pancakes were pretty thick and the eggs looked good.  It was perfect portion for her.  The food came with a mini muffin basket which was cool and apple butter.  The coffee looked a little watered down but overall tasted OK.  They didn't have splenda but sweet and low was fine.  Overall the experience was not much different then Denny's or village inn.  The food was OK nothing fancy.  This is either a place that you will absolutely love or just say ehh.  If your in the mood for a big breakfast don't come here.  If you want to leave filling just right this is the place.
4	We weren't in the mood to go to some boring chain and we weren't having a whole lot of luck searching for breakfast places because we had already been to most of them.  After getting a little deeper in the search, the husband suggested this place.  I was immediately surprised when we walked in by the sheer amount of tables and chairs they managed to pack into this tiny little restaurant.  This is definitely not a place to come and eat if you have personal space issues.  While it was extremely busy inside we were immediately seated at a tiny table for two and greeted by a sweet lady named Sue.I ordered the Country Breakfast with Bacon so I could try a little of everything that this place had to offer.  My meal came with 2 eggs, bacon, biscuits and gravy, fried potatoes, and the awesome little muffin basket everyone has talked about.  The little muffin basket served pre-meal like bread at an Italian restaurant is why I give this place 4 stars instead of just 3.  Everything else was average but good.The prices were fair, the amount of food was plentiful, and the service was quick and friendly.  I could definitely see myself coming back here if I am in this part of town.
4	So you have to love breakfast.  It is a great meal that really begs for creativity.  There are so few places that have creative breakfasts (Palette was one) but most places just do the standard fare.  That would be Kiss the Cook.  Nothing special about it.  No magic applewood smoked turkey sausage with kumquat glaze, no french waffels - just your standard stuff.  They do it well though.  Think of it as basic breakfast without the grease.  The waitresses are great and have a ton of personality.  They really make this place a Four Star establishment.  The mini muffins that come before your meal is always a saving grace and they are the perfect size to tide you over till your food arrives.  That being said, your food won't take too long and you will get plenty of it.  I tried the french toast with a side of ham.  The toast was decent; with a hint of cinnamon.  Nice but not amazing.  The ham was a really good size and it tasted damn good.  The fresh squeezed OJ wasn't as good as Matt's but it was better than something from a carton. I'd go back here if I was out in Glendale for breakfast.  A great place with a ton of character.  The food isn't overwhelming but it is good enough for breakfast.
4	It was a Sunday afternoon 1ish, hubby and i woke up way late lol, and we wanted some good breakfast food. Got on yelp and found kiss the cook. probably would not have stopped if I hadn't found it on here. The building is kind of older and not a big eye catcher. The inside is really nice and cozy though. got the food to go, took it home and was pleasantly surprised at just how much food we got for the money we spent.
4	Went there recently on a Saturday afternoon because of some research here on yelp.  I love breakfast food even though I have it about once a month.  I could not complain about my experience whatsoever, great food, great prices, good service, and a cozy atmosphere.  Definitely not the Denny's experience which I thought this place would be.  My only complaint is the location, I enjoy downtown Glendale, but this place is a little ways from it next to tattoo parlors and check cashing stores.  Wish it was downtown so I could enjoy the shops after a scrumptious meal.  Overall this place is worth a shot!
4	I went here about a week ago with the boy for breakfast. It was a cloudy day here in Phoenix, and we made the mistake of sitting out on the covered patio. It would have been LOVELY since it was nice and cool outside, but after we received our drinks (me, iced tea; the boy, freshly squeezed oj) and our basket o' mini muffins, it started to POUR.The "covering" thing they have over the patio is more of a mesh to filter sunlight, as opposed to an actual solid covering type material. Our table starting to get super wet. We were sitting next to another couple who decided they were going to stick it out and finish their breakfast, but since the boy and I hadn't received our actual meals yet, we decided to check and see if we could sit inside.They were happy to give us a table inside, and actually made a few jokes about how crazy we were to sit out there in the first place considering how cloudy/stormy it looked. We received our food shortly after being seated on the INSIDE of the restaurant. The boy got the farm special? country special? something like that, it came with pancakes, scrambled eggs, and sausage. I got whatever the other special was that was DELICIOUS potatoes, biscuits and gravy, bacon and scrambled eggs.Our breakfast was wonderful. I loved how all the dishes and everything we mismatched, a very cute country look. Our server was fantastic. I'm sure we'll go back again. :)
1	This place sucks the food sucks and so does the old ugly staff that serves it. I would rather starve. This place is called Kiss the Cook...but once you have eaten here you'll want to slap the cook!!!!! Save your money and avoid this place. It just isn't sanitary.
2	03/19/10Kitschy, fun country-life decor.  There was about a 15-minute waiting time.  Lots of older citizens waiting, which made for interesting chit-chat amongst the women.  It's refreshing when a restaurant's setting allows people to feel comfortable enough to interact among strangers-- Mom and I encounter so many "closed" individuals on a daily basis at work, so this is a nice change of pace for us.  Staff here seem friendly and busy, but efficient.  At least, ours was.  One complaint: it's a bit cramped in here.  It would be nice to have a little privacy from other neighboring tables, especially when I spied a room in the back that had maybe four 4-tops, and only one was occupied.Can't recall what Mom ordered, but I wasn't surprised that she didn't enjoy it-- the menu description definitely did not appeal to me.  Website does not list a menu, and all I can recall is that it was an omelet w/ a couple of fibrous veggies (snow peas and something else; it was a strange combo, of that I'm sure of.  Chestnuts, maybe?).  I went w/ a Belgian waffle, two eggs, and bacon.  Coffee was weak, but our server offered to brew a stronger pot.  Nice!  While we waited for our selections, she brought out some mini-muffins to enjoy, and that we did!  We both really liked the bran.  I also enjoyed the zucchini-- Mom thought she detected cinnamon (not a fave of hers), but I think it's the nutmeg she was referring to.  Then again, I may be mistaken...Waffle was, well, a waffle.  No accompanying fruit compotes or coulis to liven things up.  I always bring my own 100% organic maple syrup, because while most restaurants say they offer maple syrup, it isn't 100% pure, but a blend of maple and corn syrups.  (If it smells like Mrs. Butterworth's, it isn't 100% maple.  Just sayin'.)  Eggs were cooked to over-medium, just that way I like 'em.  Bacon was very nice.Cute saucer and dinner plates, lovely mini-muffins (we bought extra to-go!), good bacon, and efficient service make for a solid two stars.  I wouldn't mind giving KTC another try, if we're in the area.  Next time we'll try the pancakes and crepes!
4	Solid choice for breakfast in downtown Glendale.Kiss the Cook has been around since I can remember and it was always a place my mom would take us for a girly breakfast or lunch. Once my dad caught on to the fluffiness of their omelets it became a family favorite.It had been years since I had been back but the husband and I were in the mood for breakfast and since we are westsiders and slow to wake up on the weekend we knew we wouldn't be able to make it to the east valley to try something different.  Matt had never been to Kiss the Cook so it seemed like the perfect choice, the fact that there was a meat lover's omelet on special confirmed that choice. When he asked to sub the green onions in the omelet for something else, he was greeted with enthusiasm and encouragement from the waitress, "Yes! you are paying for it, might as well have something you like in it!"  This instantly won over my husband who often asks to sub or omit ingredients.The baker's basket is a great touch and I have always had great friendly service. Our food came out promptly, fresh, and our drinks never ran dry. Best part we were in and out in 35 minutes which helped us still be able to enjoy a full day of errands, despite not rolling out of bed until 10am.
4	We happened to be in the Glendale this AM, and found this place on Yelp. It did not disappoint! They had fresh Hawaiian Hazelnut coffee, and we ordered a cinnamon roll to come out before the meal. Simply put, a slice of heaven...The breakfast was also great, eggs, ham ,and biscuits and gravy, YEAH. I highly recommend this spot to anyone looking for a great breakfast in Glendale.
2	I'm not really a fan.  The country cute decor is something I can get over but the food was overpriced, the service sucked and the place was super dirty.  We were sitting right next to the owners and if you can't get good service when sitting next to the big boss - it's a sign of trouble.  I would have given a 3 star but used the bathroom before leaving.  Well, I went into the bathroom anyways... didn't use it.  Totally disgusting and I have a feeling the kitchen isn't much better.  They should serve eggs-Benedict and french roast coffee to work with the country decor.  The place could be a gem but instead it's just a crapper
5	First time I have been there in years. My breakfast was pretty good and reasonably priced. Coffee was great with Sugar in the Raw (a great condiment). The pecan cinnamon roll was very yummy. We were there at 11:45am and were seated right away, drinks delivered, order taken, and food delivered within minutes. Overall...Thumbs Up!
3	I have now been here 3 times.  This place is sort of an icon in Glendale and I had been hearing that I had to go here since I moved here 17 years ago.The first time I was here was Mothers Day. and I ordered the special breakfast of chicken crepes with a fruit bowl.  It was cold, the spinach had the texture of shoe leather, the Alfredo sauce had separated then formed a skin.  The fruit bowl it came with was ok as was the coffee and the mini muffins with butter were really good.'The next time I went for lunch and had that day's special which was a  hot turkey sandwich with potato salad.  The sandwich was ok. The potato salad was bland but the seasoned salt on the table made it ok. This last time I had the Cooks breakfast of two pancakes, two eggs, two sausages (or bacon) and I added some potatoes.  The breakfast was lukewarm.  The pancakes and potatoes were pretty good, the eggs and sausage were just ok.  As noted before the mini muffins served with real butter were really good.Ever body I encountered was pleasant.  The place is looking a bit worn.  When I was there the place was one to two thirds full.  I noticed this last trip the line of chairs and the coffee station outside were missing.  I fully understand that the banter between the waitresses and the regular customers is one of the things that brings people back, I just wish it didn't cause my food to be served lukewarm as I saw other plates served that were still steaming.I gave it a 3 but it is a pretty weak 3 and although I would go there again if somebody else picked it I doubt it will make it into my regular rotation.
4	I love Kiss the Cook. I don't know if it's the sweet childhood memories of Sunday breakfast with my grandparents after church, its country chic charm, or its old school location near Downtown Glendale, but I just love it. I've been here countless times and it's always a pleasure. The food is good for what it is, and cheap to boot. I think the last time we had breakfast here our tab was a whopping $13 (excluding tip). And we ordered a ton of food (the hubs had to order a million sides to get what he wanted). The biscuits and gravy is always delicious and served piping hot (the only way to eat it). Everything else is pretty standard breakfast fare, and the basket of mini muffins is always a delight. Lunch is good, too. If you're in the area, or looking for a unique experience, definitely visit Kiss the Cook. Then head over to Downtown Glendale for some antique and boutique shopping and old town sightseeing.
4	Yummy breakfast options are slim around my boyfriend's house which is why I am so grateful for Kiss the Cook. We can all use a little kitsch with our breakfasts and Kiss the Cook has it in spades. Mismatched chairs and plates mixed in with country style antiques add some interest to your just awakening eyes. The food is tasty and homey. They start you off with a lovely basket of mini muffins (bran, strawberry and zucchini) which are piping hot and yummy. The zucchini is my favorite. They serve their coffee in clear glass mugs which I love because you get to watch the cream and coffee mix together. The food is really solid, I haven't had anything I didn't like yet. Their eggs benedict is quite good and their pancakes are really good.The waitresses are friendly and quick with your order. The prices are fair. Now that its not an oven outside the patio is open so wait times have improved. In fact, over the weekend there wasn't a wait at all. This is a great, locally owned breakfast place to try out.
3	lEveryone raves about kiss the cook.  It's ok but there are some other places just as good.  Menu is fairly limited.  Muffins come with each order.  Waitresses are fun and sassy.Place is usually crowded when we go in.  Like I said, everyone goes crazy over it but me and for me it's ok.
3	The hubby and I were going out for breakfast but we realized the place we wanted to tryout was closed, so we decided to stop here.We got seated right away.  I have driven passed this place numerous amounts of times but once you walk in, it was definitely not what I expected.  This place was quite quaint.  I liked it.Our server was really, really sweet.  My husband ordered their special French toast with orange something and cream cheese...it sounded really good.  I ordered the biscuits and gravy.  They brought us a muffin basket and those mini muffins were really tasty.Our food comes out and my husband hates it.  He says it tasted like imitation orange flavoring.  Of course I had to try, to me it was really strong on the orange maybe too much zest....I don't know.  My food was real good.  I wanted my eggs over-medium...they were much more runny than I like.  The biscuits and gravy were decent, not Crackle Barrel but good.So needless to say, I saw that face of disappointment on my husband and I knew that there was no way I would be able to enjoy the rest of my meal.  So I hurried and ate what I could, paid and drove his butt to McD.
3	It's Mother's Day and I knew restaurants would be crowded.  Imagine my surprise when this restaurant says they take reservations!  They say it was a 45 minute wait at that time, so I put my name down for 45 minutes.  We hurried to get there on time and they said it would be 20 minutes for a table... pardon me?  You said it was a reservation and now there's a 20 minute wait ON TOP of the reservation time?  After waiting 35 minutes with 2 very hungry children (I asked for some muffins for them and was given one for each of the kids, and then a waitress saw them cranky still and gave them another one, which was nice) we were finally seated.  The hostess asked if the table was fine and I had to bite the insides of my cheeks to keep from saying, "It'll have to do because I'm not waiting longer for another table!"  We saw people that got there after us in 4 party tables get seated before us because they were complaining.  WTF?  If they can't wait their turn, there's a Sonic down the street with no wait.Anyway, we were seated and ordered quickly.  My 6 year old got the Cooks Combo, my 3 year old got the yogurt parfait (we changed the fruit to strawberries and bananas because they used honeydew, cantaloupe and pineapple in theirs, which sounded gross and a concoction that would result in curdled yogurt if the pineapple was fresh!)  I got the crab cake eggs Benedict (it was on special), and my husband got eggs with turkey sausage and potatoes.  We were given a basket of cold muffins, which were tasty but not piping hot like Missy's review.  The food came out quickly, which was surprising because they were quite busy.  Our waitress was a very nice lady and welcomed the change in the yogurt parfait (I really hate when waitresses get snippy if you change something very slight!)  Everyone was happy with their food.  I was mildly annoyed that the eggs weren't poached properly, they were overdone, resulting in no glorious egg yolk mixing with the Hollandaise, but other than that I would order that dish again.We probably won't be back again though because it's a bit of a drive, a long wait, and I felt like I was stuck in a Seinfeld episode (a mesh of the car reservation episode and the Chinese restaurant episode).  The service was friendly, the food was good, but if you can't keep reservations, don't take them and sure as heck don't offer them!
5	Love the small town and family owned feel of this place! The staff was sweet, attentive and prompt ...even on Mother' day!
3	We finally had a opportunity to try this place after all the rave about it. We have heard nothing but good things about this place. So we came in expecting the best. There is no doubt about it! Place is popular, a lot of people were there! The decor is very over powering, stuff everywhere! Looks like a bunch of junk to me? Any way I'm not there to look! I am there to eat!! All three of us had breakfast, the usual! Biscuit and gravy, eggs, hash browns, bacon, skillet, and I had the waffle. Food was good, there is no doubt about it! You will not be disappointed in the food. But is was not the best!! I have had much better. So we walked away satisfied, and would come back. But don't tell me this is the best place around.
3	I have been going here for breakfast for years off and on, and I think it's an ok place. To start, the place is super cute, with all the random chairs and cute decorations. The service is always good also. The problem is that the food just isn't that great and it is expensive. I've had many different omelets and they are always alright... but nothing special. I went this morning with the BF and his parents. I thought it was pretty lame because only my meal came with the 'baker's basket' so they brought me 2 mini muffins on a plate... even when it has only been two of us ordering eligible things we got the whole basket, getting at least 3-4 mini muffins each. I just thought this was lame and cheap. Plus, they microwave the muffins to get them warm, so if you don't eat them quickly, they will get real chewy and less than awesome. There wasn't a long wait this morning to sit, but once we ordered we did wait for a long time to receive food... like a half hour or so. My omelet was just ok, as usual, but the potatoes were underdone and not great. It wasn't the best showing for this place. Usually the food is slightly better, which is what warranted the 3 stars versus the 2 that I thought they earned today.
3	Every meal comes with a kiss, we were informed shortly after sitting down. I was going to ask if we had to cook our own food or how that whole thing worked out, but didn't.KTC was a solid 3 stars for our breakfast this morning. I ordered the Canjun Bene; Paul, the Belgian waffle; and Jason, the biscuits and gravy. Three orders of mini muffins arrived shortly thereafter, with real butter and apple butter that was at the table. As others have stated, the muffins were great. Our meals arrived in a timely manner and we all dug in. Paul polished off his waffle promptly while Jason and I slowly enjoyed our meals. I honestly have to say I wish I didn't eat so many muffins because I wasn't able to finish my eggs, which were wonderful. The creole seasoning added to the Hollandaise sauce added a terrific flavor and just a little heat.The decor made me feel like I was back home in Northwest Ohio. That doesn't add the the appeal for me, but some enjoy those things.While service during our meal was attentive (I drink a lot of water during a meal and their glasses were pretty small, but I was refilled several times). However, after our plates were cleared, we sat around for almost ten minutes before we could flag down our server for the bill. Which was when we also received our kisses. Hershey's Kisses. Cute, but I rarely eat candy. Still, cute.
5	Yummy Yummy Yummy!!! We found this place one Sunday while doing a google search because all of our regular places had too long of a wait and boy did we hit the jackpot! Very cozy local place with great service and good food! The staff is so friendly and nice and they truly care about how you are doing and how you like the food...such a nice change of pace. Meals come with a basket of mini muffins that are so good you'll have to be careful that you don't fill up before your meal comes out. I've had the Buttered Cinnamon Roll with Pecan's and I dream about it it's so good! Melts in your mouth, fresh and delicious :) I typically order the eggs benedict but we've tried the biscuits and gravy, pancakes and this past trip my friend had the crepes which were sensational! A great little spot worth the wait when there is one!
3	I was pleased with my food - basic breakfast - but others in the group were disappointed because they were comparing it to their favorite Bobos in Tucson.  The host was completely lost.  The waitress was good.  The basket of muffins bland.
3	We use to come here for breakfast, they use have friendly staff but it's not the same anymore, not impressed what so ever.  But their food is still good.
2	Meh. I've experienced MUCH MUCH better.  Please keep in mind I have eaten here for several years now, but this past year has been a real disappointment.   The coffee is so weak any flavor you get is from the added cream.   The eggs benedict  was over cooked to the point where the yellow solid. So, I sent it back and was treated to runny whites the next time.   Clearly this is something they need to work on.        A few months ago we experienced the same exact problem which is why it took so long for me to give them another chance in the first place.  I, for one will not be going back nor can I, in good faith, recommend them.  Seriously, and I can't believe I am saying this, but Denny's is better.  Mimi's is REALLY my recommendation for a decent breakfast at decent prices. Last note, the staff was okay, but I ended up getting charged for the two coffees we had while waiting for food we never ate.
5	Had breakfast here Sunday. It was such a great experience. Everyone was happy, and smiley. The food was great, and not pricey. They have very cute concepts such as the muffin baskets, and "kisses" they give you with your bill. Highly recommend this place to anyone looking for great food and a happy atmosphere.
4	Everything was made on the premises & you can really tell the difference! Excellent mini muffins (zucchini & pumpkin are my favs!) & really enjoyed the Garden Eggs Benedict (with mushrooms & spinach)! Country potatoes were very good too!
5	When on the west side EAT HERE! Don't think, just go,
5	EXCELLENT and known for their PANCAKES!! Amazing! All breakfast items are very good including their omelettes. Don't go to a restaurant that specializes in breakfast and expect their lunch to be good. Went there one time for lunch and would've rather had a sandwich from a hospital cafeteria. Eight years of going there for breakfast. Great price and serving sizes.
4	This was my dad's go to breakfast place when he lived in this part of the Valley. He loved all things breakfast there.. but especially eggs benedict. When I went to visit, I always got an omelet. Huge and yummy. Coffee? not bad. Not Portland, but not bad.
5	This is one of my favorite breakfast places. We used to go here all the time when I was a kid. I remember always getting their chocolate chip pancakes. Yum! We moved away from the area and hadnt been in a while. We drove by the other day and decided to drop in. Its just as good as I remember. Those little mini muffins that come with your breakfast are amazing and there omelets are really good. I saw that their special was pumpkin pancakes and Im going to have to come back and try those. They also have a new flavored coffee everyday. Really good. I love the decor, its just as I remember it 20 years ago. Its a cute little family owned place where they remember your name. Love it. Ill definitely be going back.
3	I hit this place with the family one Sunday on the recommendation of an Internet article, naming it one of the top 9 breakfast spots in the area. It was ok, and probably rates somewhere in the middle of that list. The decor is sort of homey and random with a dash of countrification; we were seated on the patio at our request and received good, patient, attentive service. It won't break the bank to eat here, but everything is a la carte, so don't expect any sides to come with your meal. The beverages are overpriced for the amount given (almost $3 for a 12 ounce cup of fountain lemonade? half filled with ice? O_o) but the food was decent. It's a unique place but not special, if you get my drift. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again, but f you're in Glendale and have a hankering, give it a try.
4	Food is always good, but it can vary greatly by how good your waitress is. Also, if you order green chiles on an omelet it comes as a whole one on top--not diced as a stuffing inside. The baker's basket of mini-muffins is always great, but it would be nice to get an occasional blueberry one (they always seem to run out way too early).
5	Great service and the food was excellent.  Love the little muffins they were delicious.  Will be going back and it is nice they have outside setting so you can bring your dog.  Just need a better sign saying that you need to sign in for the waiting list.
4	I was not sure what to expect when I found this little place.  But what I found in a restaurant where the food is good, the help is friendly, and it definitely has a personality!  First, the food is good,  I have eaten there twice with a friend and both times our food was cooked to our specifications, was tasty, and was served quickly.  This is no austere setting.  The tables and chairs are all different, there are shelves holding all manner of things ranging from older kitchen ware, cutsie signs and at the register, they sell home made dog treats.The food is well portioned, and the coffee was pretty darn good.    The only reason this is not a 5 is that the entry way is cramped and confusing.  They are doing the check out and greeting area in the same small place.  It does not work well for me.
5	The "Cook's Combo" is awesome !!I love this place!
4	I brunched at this quaint little diner recently with a friend and was not disappointed. I ordered the corned beef hash and she, an omelette off the specials. Everything was great, and the warm little muffins were excellent! Make sure your order comes with the baker's basket.Our server was very cheerful, and prompt. The atmosphere reminded me of eating breakfast at grandma's house, a happy feeling to be sure.
4	I can't believe I haven't updated my review for this place in 2 years! Well in that time I have come here several times and have brought family here. I found the key to liking this restaurant....the eggs florentine. This is way better than their omelets, the hollandaise is good and the mushroom, tomato, and spinach that is on the bene is fresh and delicious. The service is always good and the coffee is also always tasty. I like that they serve their coffee in glass cups so you can watch the coffee mix with the creamer....I know, kind of odd, but try it....it's very entertaining! This place is definitely worth a try.
4	I had the corned beef hash and eggs.  Lose 1 star for unseasoned potatoes.  Gain it back for scratch corned beef.  Lose two stars for weird ambiance.  I get the look they are going for, but the chairs were down right uncomfortable.  Gain 1 star back for great coffee, and frequent refills.  I think that gets me to four.  Very well priced-good value for the money.  Service was wonderful.
4	A lovely, charming breakfast place!  The menu was unique, the prices were excellent, and service was friendly.  The basket of mini-muffins was a great touch.  Our food was served hot and fresh, and it was clear that everything is "homemade" - nothing seemed canned, frozen, or store-bought.  Even the fruit was 100% fresh!  My only critique, which I know doesn't matter to some, is that the coffee mugs are very small and I had to keep requesting a refill.  But I will definitely be back here!
4	Charismatic little diner with good service and good food & coffee. Will be back to keep enjoying a delicious fresh american breakfast menu. They were busy yet we sat down quickly and food came on time...
5	This place is the cutest ever. Very antiquey. Lolz. Buckets, bins and basket as a decors. The tables and chairs are old, country and vintage style, it coordinate with the place so well. Omggg. The muffin is to die for. We killed it once it hit the table. Haha. It was so fresh and hot off the oven.Our waitress Mercy was so kind and didn't mind that my nephew Ky made a mess. Lolz. The food was on point and everything was glorious :) highly recommended. Perfer CASH FOR TIP.
5	food so good I think I just might come back tomorrow.
5	This place was around the corner from me and I HATED it, I craved their buttermilk pancakes, although everything is good here my go-to meal has always been The Cook's Combo.I hope Guy (of Diner, Drive-Ins and Dives) never finds out about this place, it would be impossible for us "regular" folks to get a seat if he does.
2	The food wasn't bad but it wasn't anything special either. The five of us each got a different dish so we can have variety. The best was the eggs Benedict. Pumpkin pancakes had too much cinnamon. I got the corned beef hash which was over salted. Definitely prefer the corned beef hash at The Place. They had fresh squeezed orange juice on the menu but when we asked, we were told it was out of the box. I ordered a side of thick cut bacon which turned out to look like regular bacon. We were reassured that it was wider then the other bacon. I don't like this false advertising of menu items. The only saving grace was the mini muffins but I'm not sure if its worth a trip back. Maybe if I happen to be around the area.
2	This place has a back woods diner kind of feel, It's cute! But the food is nothing special. Muffins we pretty good though...
2	I really wanted to like this place to support local small businesses...however, the food was not all that exciting.  The best part of the meal were the mini-muffins.  It went downhill after that.  I ordered the Cajun eggs Benedict.  The eggs were cooked nicely but the Cajun sauce just didn't taste right.  When I was in NOLA the sauce had a much better flavor and depth.  This one missed the spot.  The kielbasa tasted more like hot dogs.  Sad to say, if it weren't for the muffins, I would have only given 1 star.  The mini muffins are worth a trip but that's it.
4	Food is very fresh especially the fruit. Was surprised the menu said seasonal fruit and they actually brought out seasonal fruit and it was fresh. Watermelon.... Yum everything else was standard. I had an omelet with tomato, broccoli and light cheese. Delicious! And a Belgium Waffle which was nice and fluffy. I could only eat half of everything but it was delicious.  I didn't have any protein but I had my Shakeology this morning No Worries.   Www.shakeology.com/msjeterWill be back!
3	We really like this restaurant, but do not go there more often, because their coffee is just not good. We tried it again this morning, and love the restaurant, the food, and the service, but the coffee is still not good,it is weak, not very flavorful, and this morning tasted a little burnt.
5	Aw we love this place! The waitresses are so nice and personable. They take time out to talk to you. They seem to know the "regulars". I like that, gives a small town feel in a big city. The food is really good, better than home cooked!
3	Kiss the Cook is a cute little breakfast nook in Glendale. I ordered the Corned Beef Hash, which came with has, two eggs, and potatoes. Also, they give you a basket of mini muffins for the table if you order certain items from the menu. The mini muffins are a nice touch and the bran flavor is best in my opinion. The corned beef hash was tasty, however it was a bit oily and greasy for my taste. Potatoes were really good as well. My one complaint was the portion sizes were a little small. Usually I have a hard time finishing everything on the plate, but here I ate everything and was still left feeling a little hungry. Overall, Kiss the Cook is worth the trip if you are in the neighborhood.
4	Kiss the cook is a small, quaint- and I wanna say local but I'm not sure- breakfast/brunch restaurant in Glendale. A lot of their breakfast menu items come with a fresh basket of delicious muffins. I have tried the mushroom, ham and onion omelette and it tasted very good. The Cooks Combo is the best bang for your buck and comes with eggs, pancake, and sausage or bacon. Coffee and orange juice are both decent.Serive is consistently good but they are pretty busy on Saturday and Sunday mornings.  So make sure to go early or call to put your name on the list. We once waited 20 min outside in the Phoenix summer heat.
5	Great coffee, delicious basket of muffins and biscuits and gravy. Courteous staff. Highly recommend it!
5	I've lived in glendale almost my entire life, this place is a gem. Love everything about it. The food is great (I always get breakfast), the servers are wonderful and the price is right. They even have homemade dog treats!
5	This is definitely my new favorite breakfast spot. The service is absolutely wonderful and the decor is the most quaint thing I have seen! They start you off with fresh mini muffins - bran and zucchini walnut and they just melt in your mouth with the butter spread on the warm muffin.Had the special of the day - omelet with swiss cheese, ham, spinach and garlic and oh my goodness was it delicious.We ordered a cinnamon bun to share and it was so yummy, covered in caramel (but not too sweet).Definitely must go!
4	Charming place.  The food is good.  I had the cooks special with pancakes, eggs and bacon.  I also had their potatoes.  The potatoes could be better.  Everything else was good.  The best part is the muffins you get upon being seated and the freshly squeezed orange juice.  This place attracts a lot of older people.  We were probably one of the youngest in the room.
4	Fantastic little breakfast place!Great food!Mostly great service!If you want a locally owned and operated breakfast tradition, this is the place!
1	Not impressed - food was flavorless. The set-up was cramped but cute vintage and unique. Wait staff looked run down but were nice. My corn beef hash was mushy with uncooked veggies.  The basket of muffins was okay but dry. My wife's biscuit and gravy was bland and cold, potatoes had no seasoning. We wasted $30 and the only pleasant was the wheat toast and my son's pancakes. Even the bacon was soggy and it is hard to hate bacon. We will not return.
2	I know I seem like a crazy person who can't make up my mind on this restaurant, but I think I'm done with it. Went here a few more times in the last 6 months or so, the eggs florentine went south.... eggs not cooked correctly, hollandaise was gluey... produce not so fresh. Went last weekend, got two eggs and bacon with potatoes. The eggs were cooked well but flavorless... the whole plate was flavorless. I broke up pieces of bacon and mixed it with the potatoes and put the eggs on top.... still not good. The potatoes were undercooked, crunchy still, and had no seasoning whatsoever, it was just a bland pile of grease... yuck. On top of that, we waited over 30 minutes for a table. I don't think I'll be back, there are too many good breakfast places around to continue to go to a bad one.PS The service here continues to be very friendly, so that is a plus.
5	We are in town on vacation and had been searching for a great underdog breakfast spot.  Kiss The Cook was exactly what we were looking for!  The whole atmosphere was lovely and the decor was kitschy, including the mismatched chairs.  We had the most wonderful waitress, the omelets were great and pancakes were divine.  Of course the complimentary piping hot zucchini muffins didn't hurt either.  The best restaurant find we've had on our trip.
4	Great Food & Great Service all for the Perfect Price.Kiss the Cook offers you the small town feel of your local breakfast cafe but with this country hospitality through the nick-knacks and woven baskets for sell. The menu offers the basics of any small town brunch style restaurant and for the quality, I'd say the price is unbeatable. One of their trademarks seems to be their small muffins, and I'll admit they are pretty darn good! Not the only thing I'd come here for by any means but defiantly never have a problem eating the ones they sit in front of me ;)One thing to keep caution for is the wait. The parking lot is rather small and the restaurant is much smaller.. so even on a typical weekday for brunch you'll find yourself waiting 30 minutes or longer
4	After attending an event in downtown Glendale, my friend and I had brunch here today and loved it. We loved the antique look and feel of the restaurant and did not have to wait to be seated. The waitstaff was friendly and eager to serve. The mini muffins were fantastic and our food was delivered quickly. We both had the breakfast that served 2 eggs, bacon or sausage,  pancakes and we both added the potatoes. I was pleased that they had turkey sausage to substitute for regular sausage. The feed was tasty and the price was excellent. We got out of there spending $10 each including tip. I will definitely be back.
4	This is a good place to grab a nice quiet breakfast. Tried it for the first time last weekend. The price is fair, spent about $25 after tip for two of us. The food was delicious. The service was good. Had a ten minute wait to be seated at 11AM on a Sunday.Our waiter kept our drinks refilled. Unfortunately their cups are so small that I required 4 refills, but I never felt neglected. Honestly the small cup thing scared me, that had real potential to screw up my meal if they weren't paying attention...but they were so it's all good.I had a real generic breakfast of eggs, bacon, pancakes, and a side of toast. It was all very good. I paid the extra $1 for "thick" bacon, and that was totally worth it. My girl got cornbeef hash and eggs, and she thought it was very good.Next time I probably will try the "New Orleans Omelet". Sounded good, but at a new place I usually go generic to test the water, and get fancy my 2nd go around. Impressive breakfast, I probably would've kissed that cook.
4	Excellent breakfast place. It was so pleasant with the old knickknacks and great service. You could tell their were a some regulars when we went. The food was good, and I'm not a breakfast person. Happy 33rd birthday!
5	Only been here twice but must we've had nothing less than an awesome experience. Amazing food and great customer service...no complaints here, woild highly recommend to anyone. Also luv the decor, and their doggie treats are great too im guessing, our little 4 legged friend always enjoys them.
4	Great breakfasts place! I love it it's so unique and made from scratch it's so affordable $10 per person with free muffins love it! The waiter was great  one of them was not so great she was the cashier but everything was great I bought a mug pricey but it's koo :)  the cooks combo rocks!
2	After passing this place countless Xs, curiosity finally got the best of me so we finally stopped in 2 give them a try. There were a couple other occupied tables being tended 2. It was mid~day so it probably gets an influx of business in spurts during other Xs.   W8ed a couple min8es 2 b seated by a friendly hostess who seemed 2 b busy helping the w8ress(es) serve up orders/refills. Woulda preferred seating ourselves if not 4 the w8 2 b seated sign, instead of feeling awkward by the stares of the elderly patrons there but got settled in2 a centrally loc8ed small table. No booths in case u wanted 2 know.   I guess I understand the draw of this place 4 those that want the old fashioned home~style feel but dining there felt like being @ a cross between a Brass Armadillo & an Elderly Care facility. Though I did like looking @ some of the antiques 4 sale there, just felt a bit strange ~ almost like they're trying 2 pull off the ol' Bobby McGee's concept w/ vintage items like victorian boots, tubs etc but geared toward the much older.   Even tho I wasn't personally impressed or as comfortable as I'd like, everything was ok/tolerable part of our experience till we Eventually got acknowledged by our w8ress who acted as tho we were graced by her presence, snapping what~dya~want @ us. I almost replied: 'a different server'... but bit my tongue 1dering if this was just part of the 'charm'.   I ordered the Vegetarian sandwich & my companion went w/ the Seafood Omelette w/ iced tea & tomato juice 4 our beverage as she briskly walked away huffing/puffing/snorting like a bull ready 2 impale a matador. The hostess came over shortly w/ our drinks & a 1derful basket of cute li'l assorted mini muffins which turned out 2 b the best part of our meal/experience here, esp the AWESOME zucchini 1s!   Tomato juice was just V~8 in a glass & the iced tea tasted soapy & bitter. Don't know if there was soap not rinsed out in the cup but if it was straight from the tea dispenser, it was far more than soapy 'residue' & the tea part I could even make out, tasted like liquified mold so EWWW we reluctantly drank water instead w8ing 2 notify the hostess as we didn't want others getting sick or 2 evoke more wrath from the server who was intent on giving every1 hell.    When our food was ready 2 b served, she stomped over & musta mistaken our pl8es 4 frisbees as they were nearly flung @ us, mine almost skid in2 my lap!! Didn't ask if we wanted/needed anything else & was done w/ us till slamming our damages slip down when she was obviously ready 4 us 2 pay/get rid of us. The prices here might have felt like a pretty good deal if more of what we ordered was decent. Perhaps it was a case of we spontaneously picked a bad day 2 go w/ an equally bad cook & w8ress or maybe they were a couple till that morning & the break~up was gonna make every1 else suffer!!   I don't know if our server was having the worst day of her life or what, but apparently any1 else who had the mis4tune of her w8ing on them was getting the same treatment, so I guess we weren't being targeted. I even overheard a guy @ her other table telling her 'I thought I did something 2 make u mad @ me'. I couldn't make out what else was said, but it was obvious the poor hostess/cashier was trying 2 divert any neg8ivity by joking it off as something else.   The Veg sandwich was good (not gr8 nor bad but slightly better than ok). His Seafood Omelette made him spit in2 his napkin st8ing it was overly salty (probably trying 2 cover up what he called 'unfresh ingredients & bad seafood'). Leaving most of his pl8, was never asked if everything was ok or if there was a prob cuz it was blatantly apparent that the snapping turtle who could only bark @ people really didn't give a F*ck except 2 make others b the outlet 4 her nastiness!! We always treat our servers nice & respectfully, making things easier 2 b cleared (which they never were) & whatever the case was w/ this 1, she either needed 2 leave the drama @ home or better yet stay home OR here's a concept: not work in any scenario that involves having 2 interact w/ customers/public in any facet...   Kiss the Cook? More like, kiss their (_y_) A$S & still get sh*t!  IF we ever Dared 2 give them another shot (highly unlikely after what we were subjected 2), we'd b certain that some1/ANY1 else w8ed on us. Actually, scratch that ~ we'd have 2 make sure she wasn't there, cuz I'm sure I'm not the only 1 who doesn't wanna jump every other min8 w/ her slamming/snappy mouth/throwing things while trying 2 eat... nor feel like WEARING what was ordered (which depending on what it is) might b better than actually eating it ~ YIKES!!
5	This place is just so good! We used to go to the Good Egg but since we had a bad encounter with a very rude server we haven't brought ourselves to go back. We get stuck in routines when it comes to restaurant so finding a new breakfast joint seemed like it would take forever. I binged and found Kiss the Cook. It is kind of a drive for us but I have been wanting to try something new. The outside doesn't appear to be anything special but I was wrong. The inside of the place is just gorgeous. I love all the many different tables and chairs and even those fluffy little cat miniature figurines. The servers are pleasant and quick and I have no complaints so far. The food is delicious! Great big helpings and it isn't greasy! My daughter and I almost always devour the scrumptious muffins but we try to refrain ourselves in order to save room for our food which is delicious. Definitely worth a try. Great service, atmosphere, and above all a great breakfast!
5	This restaurant makes you feel like you're visiting your grandparents (in a GOOD way). The old decor/antiques allows you to feel right at home! The food is amazing! I had the eggs Benedict with chorizo and it was perfect. The basket of muffins were delicious as was the pecan cinnamon roll!!!
4	I really liked this place. It's your typical diner food, pancakes, Omelets, steak and eggs, but they're actually very satisfying. The inside is a little small so thankfully it was a cool morning for the patio. The people are very friendly and helpful. Great place and good food! We'll be coming back again :)
4	This place was so cute! The waitresses were super friendly and the food was amazing! Try their pecan cinnamon rolls...they are to die for! I will definitely be back!!!
5	Amazing little place for breakfast!! Great food and the prices are not bad. Good service. The decor is sure to catch your eye!!!  Will come again.
5	We had a great breakfast! We had the garden bene and the country breakfast. Both were excellent! The staff was very friendly and helpful. We only had to wait a few minutes even though it was busy. We will definitely be back!
5	If you are looking for pancakes, this is the place to be! These pancakes are so fluffy it's like eating clouds! The service isn't great,
2	Gone here couple times before and always like their garden eggs benedict. But this time I decided to change it up a bit and order their chorizo eggs benedict. It wasnt what I expected. Burnt, no pinto de gallo, pototoes was cold. Wasn't happy. My fiance got the corn beef hash, thumbs down. had to ask them to remake it. it was burnt yet soggy in the inside. overall not happy. used to be good. idk what happened. the cook probably had a rough morning. lol
5	What a great little breakfast joint! Usually pretty busy and has quite the wait. We've gotten lucky a couple of times but definitely await on weekends. That said it's well worth the wait. The food is made to order and tastes like something you'd get at grandma's.  I've tried the French Toast,  waffles pancakes and chicken salad sandwich and they are all heavenly. Depending what you are in the mood for I'd vouch for any of those. I love the interior it's very quaint. Tables with chairs that don't match, tea sets in the cupboards along the back wall. My mom, daughter and I love to go for a girl's day brunch once a month.
5	My sister was visiting and I wanted to take her somewhere special for breakfast. Kiss the Cook from what I read online sounded like a great place. When we got there it took a little while for service to begin. I actually had to ask someone for some attention. We were a large table of ten. Boy, once our waitress came she made up for the wait. The food was great and so was the service. It was a special meal, a unique place and the food was wonderful. Everyone at our table kids included were satisfied and happy. I highly recommend Kiss the Cook for a special breakfast spot.
5	My fist time here I really liked it I had the cook plate The buttermilk pancakes where  so good .  it's way better than Denny's & IHOP and all those big chain companies . Oh and is way cheaper too !
4	Amazing words don't describe the food! First time here and it didn't disappoint. The restaurant is quaint and unique. None of the settings match, which adds to the appeal. Although the service wasn't the best, the restaurant was extremely busy and I think that has a lot to do with the quality of service we received. I recommend checking it out, it's well worth it.
5	This place has excellent breakfast. The biscults and gravy are amazing. Fresh coffee. The parking is a little small for full size trucks. Home style breakfast is a speciality here.
5	I love this place! Whenever I can convince someone to get up early and eat some awesome biscuits and gravy, it is the best day ever! Seriously, I recommend the biscuits and gravy... plus the atmosphere is pretty neat. Kinda reminds me of a Grandma who hordes country decor lol.... they have great food though.
1	It took forever to get seated. And then I couldnt get waited on.I was second in line and two tables were open. More tables opened up. I asked to be seated but the hostess was one of those anal types who could not multitask. She let 10 people gather before seating anyone.After being seated I waited and waited. Three waitresses walked by but still no service. Got fed up and left. I think it is typical for a single woman to get less attention than when she is with a man. Should have brought Big Poppa, I guess.Kiss the Cook has always had so-so service but the good food keeps me coming back.
4	Another great Yelp discovery! We were looking for a breakfast place within easy driving distance of the stadium and thought we'd give Kiss The Cook a try. Super homey little restaurant with tons of nick nacks on the walls. Not in a corporate chain kind of way but in a grandma's house if your grandmother was a bit of a hoarder way. It was all very cute. Although the place was packed we only had to wait a few minutes for a table. The waitress was incredibly nice and efficient. Everything on the menu looked appetizing. I settled on the special of pork chops and eggs, the pork chop was really well seasoned. The coffee was even good. I find most restaurant coffee to be too weak but it was just about perfect. Also I should add that they gave us a basket of freshly baked mini muffins for an appetizer. Any place that does that is okay by me.
5	Just awesome! Cute atmosphere and great service. Ginger bronie rocked! Muffins were delicious. Will definitely go back again. Thank you!
5	Just the best place. The food is outstanding, especially the complimentary zucchini muffins. The Service is great too. We were third in line and only waited a few minutes. Would have been even faster if it weren't for two rude twenty something women with a baby. When we walked in they had finished their meal, and their check was on the table. But they sat there visiting for at least another 40 minutes oblivious to other customers waiting for a table. Where does this generation get off thinking that the world revolves around them and to heck with the wait staff that needs to earn a living. If I weren't worried about being arrested I would have yanked them out of their chairs by their hair! BRATS
4	If you're ever in Glendale and you need to come to a breakfast spot this is the place it has a very charming feel. The menu is small but most of the things are good.
4	There was about a 15 min wait when we arrived however it seemed like there was always a 15 min wait to be seated for people. Usually a good sign of a great place to eat, and in the end was worth it.  Food was excellent. Service was great too. Great little place to dine at.
5	Kiss The Cook has one of the best (if not the best) eggs benedict I have ever had, given that I'm a huge fan of eggs benedict. The gravy is amazing! Sausage is not too salted (which is usually the case at other places) and eggs are perfectly poached in a way that yolk is still runny but doesn't spill all out when cut. The mini muffins offered before the meals are ridiculously delicious - not too sweet, not too oily, and not to filling. I would definitely come back if I visit Arizona again.
