1	A fairly useless property management company that cares little about its clients.Property manager Steve Chef does not keep daily business hours or return calls and office staff refuses to give out his cell. Residents are told to email him instead. He's sometimes disrespectful and condescending if you are able to get a hold of him. At a board meeting one time I'm told a resident pointed to him and told the board members that he needed to go. His assistant Patty is frequently in the office but she's a glorified receptionist. She usually takes messages and defers any matters she doesn't want to deal with to him and he is rarely there. She will also lie to protect him. The receptionist is no help either and will often answer your questions with questions when she has no answer for you. Hire Heywood Realty and your residential community can slowly go to shambles too.
1	Like all the others above, these people don't really give a hoot and just want to collect your money.  Our HOA board isn't exactly reasonable or logical either, so you can guess what goes on or who is in cohoots here.  Roof problems, wiring problems, floor problems.. Steve Cheff never returns calls or emails, even in desperate times.  A recent problem that Steve never followed up with has ballooned into a huge safetly issue and he is still not communicating or agreeing to pay for resulting damages that were a caused by his inability to do his job .  All this at $200+ month in charges..  Pretty disgusting.  "Richard Johson" of mesa who gave 5 stars, they must have paid you or youre a fake name.  Not one person in our whole complex has ever been happy.   There are other problems I can mention over the past few years that have ended up costing me thousands.  This place needs to close down.  Straight up evil and careless people.
1	If there is a worse property management company in the world, I would REALLY hate to deal with that one.  Because this one is an absolute NIGHTMARE! Steve Cheff NEVER returns phone calls, and replies to my emails in a terribly condescending manner. We have major issues with our property, which are clearly his responsibility, and he does absolutely nothing to remedy them. Our pool hasn't been cleaned in weeks.  He responds with: 'I have been in contact with the pool company. The pool has been serviced but they have not been doing a good job. They should be there today.'  NOPE!  Going on 5 days now, and NOTHING! Really?  Hundreds of pool companies here in the valley, and you can't find a quality one?!  In JULY?!Our property does have other issues, but I won't post them on here.  I just wanted to provide an example.  Also, Steve has never been in the office when I've called.  Can't get him on the line at all.  If this is his job, he needs to resign and let someone qualified take over.
1	The worst company ever!!! Don't use them they just want your money and they don't do anything....
5	After reading the previous reviews, I was worried about the customer service I might. I can honestly say that I am glad to be proven wrong. Steve Cheff answered my emails and calls. He helped me understand the CCRs and point me in the right direction regarding my upcoming projects. Thank you!
3	Like any other management company, they wont please everyone. Ive been pretty dissapointed but Marcus did respond pretty immediately today.
5	Don't use this company down right EVIL...This company gets zero stars!! They only care about renters and killing the community to make money on whatever they can get there dirty hands on.
5	Ok...this is a "so far" score and I am NOT a relative and truly believed I wasn't a fan lol, but I have had TWO issues that I submitted to Steve last week and both were resolved as fast as possible and to the extent possible via email.  He has responded to every email and there has been alot of back and forth as he has explained what our condos can do to resolve one issue immediately and one in due time with a meeting.  Both were resolved satisfactorily.  One is a very touchy issue and Steve is meeting to clarify, restate, tighten rules as necessary to protect our interests as owners.  I am very impressed!!  He has also always returned my husbands calls that day or after the weekend for Friday calls.  His emails with me have been right before, during, and after Easter weekend.  This can't be easy.  I can only imagine the complaints he is dealing with.  He has been very informative.  I saw other reviews stating he was condescending.  I cannot dispute how someone believes that he may have made them feel.  I only know...for me.....he made me and my concerns feel important.  He resolved them in a more than timely manner.  I say........"so far".......five star!!!  But, please note...like my profile says...if I  bothered to get on here, you are either one star or five star!  I have high hopes they will maintain their five star rating.
1	Good luck getting any real answers out of these guys. I've been trying to get landscape and financial information from them, but haven't had any luck yet.
5	Just had another issue with the hot tub jets not working properly.  Emailed Steve last night.  Response early today.  He is getting our pool guy on it.  Can't ask for better than that!! Still a five!!
1	If I could give this company 0 stars I 100% would! They are horrible to deal with and won't get back to calls or emails within WEEKS which is horrible customer service. We pay a monthly HOA at our place and this is how we are treated when we need something. I find it funny however that if we have a broom on our patio overnight due to cleaning it or a beach towel on our patio from swimming they are QUICK to write us up. We currently have a hole and about a 3x3 spot on our ceiling where the plaster fell off due to the storm and leaking issues. Well they didn't come out until 2 months later to inspect it and are now telling us they will not repair it until FEBRUARY! That will be 6 MONTHS after the damage was done! This is completely asinine especially when they want us to repair things within 2 weeks. I feel if we pay HOA fees the LEAST they could do is respond to us, but that seems like too much to ask. It's extremely frustrating at this point that we have to wait 1/2 a year to get the damage in our master bedroom repaired. I've spoken with other people in the community that feel the same way!
