4	Compared to the amount of money we were paying last year at the Y, this place is amazing. $10/month works for me and we signed up during their no-fee sign up time. Sure, it doesn't have racquetball, basketball, classes and everything, but in case i didn't notice, i never utilized any of that. What i did use (treadmill and an occasional weight lifting adventure) they do have. As expected when you go at peak workout times, it's a little crowded, but i've never had to wait to get a treadmill. One thing that confuses me is their name is Planet Fitness, yet you use paper towels to wipe down your machines after every use. Surely, it would be less wasteful and more planet friendly to utilize towels? Maybe.They have like 8 or 9 tvs and all the treadmills and what not have places to plug in your earphones so you can tune in to the tv and tune out your workout. The staff is extremely friendly...almost too friendly having to say hello and goodbye every time, but that's nice i guess. conclusion: If you are looking for a simple, affordable place to fulfill your basic workout needs, this is a great option.
4	I love going here. The place is cool and not hot and stuffy like some other gyms. I must admit it is a bit on the small side though, The place is has a big section devoted to cardio equipment. But it has more then enough resistance machines and dumbbells. only two barbell sets so that can have a wait also. the staff is friendly they don't come around and bother you but if you have questions they are always up front. i would recommend the gym to anyone. its a good gym with people that range from big muscle guys to overweight people. and if anyone is concerned it is really clean their everyone follows the rules and wipes the machines down.
4	I am a huge fan of Planet Fitness!  The building is spacious and usually not so busy that you can't use the machine you want to use.  The equipment is all new and I love the line of weight lifting machines they have.  This place is not intimidating at all, which is unusual for a gym.  They advertise being a "judgement free zone" where you can relax and work out without worrying about what everyone else thinks.  I thought there was no way to follow through on this, but the clientele seems to be made up of mostly work out beginners.  I think this is great because I hate going to the gym and seeing all the skinny guys and girls with awesome bodies flaunting their stuff all over the place.  It always make me want to give up and just go eat a cheeseburger.  They also have what they call a "lunk alarm" which is a large flashing light with a loud siren that goes off in the weight lifting area if someone grunts while lifting weights.  It seems cheesy to me but it seems to do the trick.I spend most of my time on the treadmills when I come here.  There are around 20 treadmills and plenty of tvs that show a wide variety of channels instead of only showing sports channels like most gyms.  And I love that you can plug your headphones into the treadmill to listen to the tvs.They don't provide towels and it's pretty minimal for a gym but they do have all the essentials.  They also have 2 tanning beds if you're into that sort of thing.  For the money ($10/month) this place is great!
4	I have had the pleasure of several expensive gym memberships and this is the first time I actually really enjoyed my membership. The staff are friendly (always) and the place is very clean. I love the environment. Would kill for some yoga classes on the side, but now I am being picky!
4	Clean, spacious, a good selection of machines/free weights, and conveniently located - what else can you ask for??? The black card membership is a must for the frequent traveler or oven someone who wants to explore a new location across town (there's several Planet Fitness franchises in the Charlotte area). All in all this is a (4 star) good choice for the average person who just wants to stay in shape. However, not recommended for the hardcore fitness geek due to the lesser variety of free weights.Btw, free pizza on the first Monday of every month! I know, this is kinda silly coming from a "gym" due to the obvious nutrition shortfall, but I'll take it!
