4	Le Commensal is the kind of place you take people who aren't vegetarians to show them that we don't all just eat salads. They have a GREAT selection vegetarian dishes (with a good showing of vegan dishes as well) which are almost all delicious. They also have some great desserts and a nice, modern atmosphere.Le Commensal also has frozen and refrigerated diners you get at the grocery store. They are good, but nowhere near as good as the actual restaurant. Be prepared to spend some cash because they weigh your plate after you load up on things like Veggie Lasagna or spicy tofu. Normally a fully plate will run you about $16-$18.  Highly recommended!
3	Veggie bliss cafeteria style...My biggest problem with this place was that I couldn't figure out what I wanted. There were so many choices and I wanted to go with a bit of a theme so my flavors weren't too all over the place.  I did well by choosing from one of the many seitan dishes. I'm a huge seitan fan so that was a huge plus in my book.  The one I chose had mushrooms and some gravy mixed in and tasted great.  I paired it with mashed potatoes, soup, salad and a roll. Then I saw the quiche and just had to try it.  Then I saw another seitan dish and some mashed sweet potatoes and had to try them too.  That is where Commensal gets tricky! You want to try everything and there's at least 50 dishes to choose from.  We didn't make it to the dessert section but there were at least 15 selections there too.  As far as taste goes, it's buffet so some things were a little cold, and some dishes were better than others but considering the selection everything was pretty good.   I loved my salad the best, because the salad bar selection was awesome- oh hey sesame seeds yes I will put you all over my salad thanks!  I probably could have done without my soup though, it was a little sweet and I couldn't tell if I liked it or not. Go hungry and with a good bit of money in your pocket, you'll want it all.
5	Oh, Le Commensal, how I love you. If I hadn't found the Green Door in Ottawa, I'd probably have made more trips to Montreal just for this food. Being a vegetarian of course means accepting a limit to your dining options. At Le Commensal, that perspective goes out the door and you go a bit mad piling delicious food on your plate. Keep in mind that your eyes should only be roughly the size of your stomach, so maintain some rationality when selecting your food since you pay by weight. I think I have yet to master this. I would even recommend this place to my meat and potatoes loving friends. There's something for everyone and the recipes are so delicious, you may forget the food is missing an animal.
5	I would go 100 miles out of my way to eat at Le Commensal and I'm not even a vegetarian. The cold buffet is the salad bar of your dreams---I remember huge platters of avocado halves vinaigrette (plus every other imaginable salady thing, all delicious). The hot buffet has EVERYTHING from lasagnas and moussakas and real mashed potatoes to  Boeuf Bourgignon without the boeuf only you won't care.  The desserts look good but I've never been able to get that far. You help yourself to what you like and they weigh your plate. Strongest possible recommendation to anyone going to Montreal. There are several branches: google Le Commensal for details like locations and hours.
3	Cool concept, okay food, reasonable prices. Not sure what else to say about this place...it's a good place to go for a healthy lunch, but by no means is it extremely tasty.Be careful of which foods you take as it's priced by weight (and everything is the same cost per gram).
3	It's hard to find good vegetarian places - and I travel a lot!  Le Commensal was pretty good - but not amazing. First it's not a sit down restaurant, it's a buffet where you're charged on the weight of the food you pick.  You enter by climbing 2 flights of stairs (apparently there is an elevator but it needs a key and someone to operate it).  Once upstairs you enter the buffet area and pick from tons of different vegetarian options from several different cuisines.  Each item tells you if it include dairy as well as other ingredients.The food was okay - it wasn't super warm and who knows how long it had been sitting out - but I didn't each anything I didn't finish :)  The location is neat because you get to people watch those on McGill avenue below you while you eat.  Overall, I'm glad we went, but I probably could have gotten something better for the price elsewhere.
5	Yum, yum, yum!  I love this place.  I am the kind of person who needs to eat lots of small course instead of one big one.  This vegetarian buffet had a great variety of all sorts of food.  We even went there twice during a 5 day visit to Montreal, we liked it that much.  I've been to the one in Toronto and it was also good but smaller.
2	We've visited many Le Commensal's on our visits to Canada, and this one was kind of blah. The actual restaurant part was nice enough, but the food buffet area seemed kind of small (compared to other Le Commensals'), and all the food looked like it had been sitting out for awhile. Everything had a "skin"- ewww. I ate a little bit, then went back and loaded up on dessert. While I was getting dessert, hubby ran up to tell me our 3 year old needed more tortilla chips. So I put a handful on my dessert plate. Well, I learned that you can't do that. Everything is weighed, and dessert cost more than other stuff. So I put the chips on a napkin and the girl weighed them separately. They didn't really register on the scale, so she told me not to worry about it. So I get back to our table, and now my son also needs more salsa. So I go up to the buffet and put a tiny bit in a cup (like 2 tablespoons). Another girl rings me up, and that dribble of salsa was almost a dollar! Also, it would be nice if this place had an elevator (we had a stroller and MAN I got tired of carrying that thing up and down stairs).
4	Every time I visit either Montreal or Toronto I always make it a point to stop at Le Commensal. As vegetarian food goes every city in the United States should be so lucky to have a place like this. This second-floor location is tucked off rue Ste-Catherine and is definitely a Vegetarian's dream come true. There is so much delicious food to choose from and all of it is vegetarian, with vegan selections clearly marked as such. My favorites have to be the seitan bourguignon, seitan curries,and tofu with ginger sauce. I always get the hazelnut cake for desert, it is so yummy! All the fare is presented buffet-style, and the only knock against Le Commensal is that prices can be a little steep due to the pay-by-weight scheme. A 20% discount can be had by going late after 8:30pm on Sunday, Monday and Tuesday. Overall, I really like it there, and highly recommend it for any vegetarians dining in Montreal.
1	This is what people who eat meat assume vegetarian food tastes like. Bland, bland, blech.Disclosure: I'm an omnivore with a vegan brother. I enjoy good charcuterie, but I will throw down for a plate of well-prepared vegetables. And at Le Commensal you will find neither.If you want delicious vegetarian, head to Aux Vivres on Saint-Laurent. You will spend about the same amount of money and be significantly more satisfied.
3	Went here on a recent trip to Montreal. Did not find the prices too expensive though we kept our plates on the lighter side. Got some seitan I was not crazy about but there was some delicious veg pate turnovers. Good place to grab a quick meal and you can also buy beer and wine.
4	commensal is a must for vegetarians in/visiting montreal! this buffet is ilke the whole foods hot bar on crack- and just as expensive (as whole foods...not crack). there are just so many delicious options that it's hard to stop loading your plate with a little of this coucous or a taste of that curry. luckily, they offer student discounts and especially at this location are pretty nice about giving them to anyone who looks reasonably student age. my only real gripe is that you have to have a separate plate for dessert. i don't know why that annoys me but if i want to eat my deliciously vegan chocolate cake with some tofu on the side...i should be able to!
1	Overpriced and nothing to write home about. The place was amazing when it opened (in the 80s or 90s) but like many places that have become staples they no longer try. And there's nothing worse than cynical, overpriced food.
4	Ok, so I am not vegetarian. I need my meat. However, this place was REALLY good. It can get fairly expensive though if you are really hungry as they charge by weight. They had so many different dishes from vegetarian beef bourguignon, chili, seitan (YUM) ...omg the choices seemed endless. They also have a dessert and salad bar as well.Seating was plentiful, food was fresh, dining company was perfect...need I say more?
3	I find Le Commensal a bit elitist.They are way to expensive for the average person. The food is great though. The servers are easy going.The managers/owners are jerks. I think their separatists.
2	Pay by the pound buffets are never a good deal and this is a classic example of that, especially when paired with the rather sad food that was given in most corners of the line. The desserts and the cold salad items were fresh, delicious and well prepared. The hot foods left a lot to be desired, with various soggy fried or baked items and a lots of over-steamed vegetables and vegetable dishes. I appreciate having the vegetarian option, but I'm not sure this is good enough nor a bargain enough to be worth it, considering the other options around this area.
1	Quoted from the "Le Commensal" website:  "On November 23, 2009, all Commensal restaurants adopted the Maximum Price Policy. This means that however much delicious and healthy food you put on your plate, you never pay more than $13.95 at lunchtime or $16.95 in the evening."    - FALSE ADVERTISING!WARNING:  know what you're getting into or do not go!  Ate here tonight for the first time with my Quebecois girlfriend & her father for his birthday dinner and pre-Leonard Cohen concert.  The location was nice: downtown  views out the windows of Rue St. Catherine.  Excited about a healthy buffet downtown, & told that there's only one visit to the buffet, but the max rate is $16.95, I piled my plate high.  I am 6'4", 190 lbs, & gifted/cursed with a freakish metabolism (I stay thin no matter how much I eat & have to work-out to gain weight).  Translation:  I'm a big eater, & Quebecois portions I often find lacking.  And I eat a healthy, well-rounded diet.  Finally, a quality place where I can dig in, right?  Wrong.  I get to the check-out & the cashier says $41 & some change in French.  I thought I misunderstood, so I asked again in English.  Yep: $41.10 Canadian ($45 U.S.). For one plate.  What came next?  It could have gotten really ugly- especially as hungry/moody as I was just then.  Instead, I tried the diplomatic approach, explaining what I was told (the signs there were all in French only- I relied on translation), & next came the unapologetic manager, followed by his (convenient) refusal to speak in English even though he could, my broken French sentences ending in English, the girlfriend & her dad interrupting their meal just to see what the hold-up was all about, the GF arguing with the manager in heated French, her father throwing in his two cents (all French), my refusal to pay, the manager accusing me of scheming to get more food out of him (finally conceding to speak fluent English), the GF's father admirably offering to just buy my meal & end the issue, followed by my refusal to let him pay for my meal since it's his birthday, then (after contemplating growling a French insult or at least the good 'ol fashioned effenheimer & walking out). ...   ...I took a step back:  It's my lady's father's birthday, for chrissakes.  Yeah, this was shitty.  Yes, the signs are unclear, even to francophones apparently.  Yes, this confusing set of rules at a buffet is a GREAT way to take advantage of English speakers in a very international part of town.  But... it was a special night for my girlfriend & her dad, so I sucked it up.  I'm not anything close to a millionaire (I'm actually quite poor), but the $24 over-charge seemed petty compared to what the night meant to the both of them. On a special night (they proceeded to the Leonard Cohen show they had bought tickets for before I planned my extended stay in Montreal), they both felt guilty that they were hosting me in a foreign country, & here we were in an awkward misunderstanding at the birthday-man's favorite Montreal restaurant with his daughter's English-speaking American boyfriend.  Despite the good spirit of the evening, it tarnished our dinner experience.  I've never felt more unwelcome in Quebec as a visitor from the U.S.            Bottom line:  I recommend this potentially fine establishment to nobody.  Read the fine print on the signs, then ask the staff & read it again.  If it still doesn't make sense, walk out of there.  Do NOT count on their good faith, honest signage, accurate advertising, or reasonable pricing.  And, fellow Yelpers, do not get trapped by the classic bait-&-switch with their maximum price claim!  I wish it were different, but all three of us couldn't help but feel cheated- even as I did pay, stayed, & intended to let it go. I don't want an apology from this restaurant- I want an apology for my girlfriend & her dad, on his birthday, before the two of them embarked to see their favorite musician for the first time.  To be fair, the food was rather good compared to many greasy Canadian options -just not worth 40 bills a plate.  Loved the wild rice with mushrooms, the Thai Chicken was actually delicious, & some great veggie/vegan options.  If you're wealthy & money is no object -or not a big eater who enjoys healthy options- by all means eat here.  I just wish our internet was working before we left or I would have foreseen my future consensus review ("Good food, outrageous buffet price by weight ") on Yelp- and would have made a different choice.  Hindsight is 20/20.  I suppose you're wondering: Did I eat everything on my plate?  With the exception of a few mediocre food selections- you're damn right I did.  At that price, I enjoyed the hell out of it.
2	The food is okay but it's really overpriced, and you can't tell how much you'll end up spending because they weight your food at the end. I find it to not be filling at all , one hour after eating I was already hungry again. The only thing that I really love about commensal is their thai tofu but you can get it at the grocery store (they have their own line of microwaveable food). Overall it's just not worth it, there are better vegetarian choices in montreal.
