4	A nice, clean park not too far away from home with a big field, playground, baseball diamonds, a basketball court, 2 tennis courts, and several picnic tables. A wonderful place to take the family to enjoy all kinds of outdoor activities. My friends and I love to come here when we have no money and nothing to do (which is almost all the time). A warning to all who want to play basketball here! Beware of selfish meatheads that take up the full court, forcing others to "play" on the side baskets. It's whatever though, they're not even that good. Also watch for inconsiderate dog-owners who do not know how to pick up after their dog. Gross.
4	Nice Park by the area I work.  Large grassy field that is depressed into a bowl so you don't lose your balls.  If you lay in the middle of it you almost forget you're in a desert!1 Covered Playground with soft turf, Three baseball fields, NO water features (-1 Star), 1 Full Size basketball Court with three side baskets per side (8 total), 2 tennis courts and covered picnic tables. Though I have never been to any games here, I can see there is concession windows for food!There is plenty of parking and it's nice and peaceful in the middle of the day.I like that it's far away from everything (freeway and traffic), at the edge of the city and very quiet.
4	I've ridden through the park several times on my bike, and I've walked around it once to gain some knowledge about the mesa above and to the west of the park.Today, we parked at the park, walked through it, and then went cross country on our own trail to see Las Vegas from the top of the mesa for which the Mesas is named.The park has good parking, nice green spots for kids and adults, and some very nice walking areas.  Since the Great Recession, the area has not grown as much as before and the park is often less busy than some of the other Summerlin parks.It's a very pleasant place.
4	The playground equipment is relatively new and there's 2 sets of it. One area for the smaller kids, and a more extensive area for the larger kids....which has handled an adult or two enjoying the slides with their 2 year old. The view is not half bad either. As far as parks go, you can't go wrong stopping here for a while. Now that I've heard that there's access to the mesa from here I have to check the park out even more.  It's one of my Top 10 favorite parks in the entire valley.
5	When you finish your journey navigating through many roundabouts, neighborhoods, Bishop Gorman HIgh School, and dead ends you'll be rewarded with Mesa Park. Mesa Park is always clean, restrooms aren't disgusting, parking isn't a nightmare, and has plenty of light. Pretty much all the basic amenities of a decent park. It features grass areas, uphill and down, softball fields, 2 tennis courts, picnic areas, no creepers, and of course a basketball court. Lights turn off at 10pm, takes a while to warm up at the tennis courts, and for you joggers/runners/walkers/skippers a lap that consist of running from the parking lot side walk, up the softball field and straight down, going downhill back into the entrance is almost exactly half a mile (something like 0.497 miles). If I'm in the mood for an easy quick running course Mesa is the way to go.
5	Park is clean and safe. Great place to take your children to have a play date, birthday party, basketball game, or play tennis. Beautiful mountain view, great way to let your child let out some energy.
4	Beautiful park with an amazing view of the mountains! The tennis courts seem like they get crowded, so we ended up just sticking to the basketball courts. Your ball can go really far down along the hill if you let it go, but a lot of folks were rebounding for each other. Parking was easy enough, but it did take a lot of navigating to finally find the place (but that's more commentary on my fiance's navigational skills, as opposed to the park).
4	Quiet, pretty park tucked away on the SW side of Summerlin. Lots of grass. It must've been built with baseball/softball in mind. Multiple baseball fields, and even a batting cage. But there are tennis and basketball courts as well. Nice children's play area. Bathroom was clean and there were plenty of shaded spots to sit and relax.
4	A great park in the southwest part of town. Plenty of shade for the kiddos. It's always clean when we're here. There's a baseball field, tennis courts and a huge field for the kids to run & play. One of my kids favorite by far.
4	Clean, nice park. Great for walks and workouts. Nice and quiet and not over packed each time ive been here.
5	Great park for kids. Big playground. Restrooms close to play area. There also is a big grassy area for the kids to run around on. A great view of the mountains too. Parking is easy and plentiful.
5	Excellent well maintained baseball fields with shade for those hot summer days. Its located in a very nice community with tennis and basketball courts.
5	Absolutely love this park.Basically there couldn't be much to change between parks here in town, right? Only this one feels better than others!The playground is great, suitable for younger and older kids. The grass around it is awesome, my son run around and loved every second of it. The area itself is cool too, gorgeous mountain view! There are two sitting areas, one right next to the playground and another one next to the baseball area. Bottom line, if you live in the area you're a mom who's looking for a new park, this is a great place to go to.
2	Clean and nice but there are consistently dogs off leash despite signs advising that all dogs must be leashed.
