3	I have leased two cars from this dealership. The first experience was exciting because it was my first new car.  Everyone was very nice to me and I got a great deal.  No more used cars for me!  Wahoo!  It was a Sliver Impreza, I loved that car!  Four stars for that one!The second experience was a little frustrating.  The girl helping me was shinning with inexperience, I felt a little pressured when her boss had to step in, and when we were signing the final paperwork, we dealt with a guy who really didn't care about or like his job much and was just ready to go home on a Sunday afternoon.  Two stars for that one.Overall, I love Subaru's and will continue to buy them.  Now, there is a dealership closer to my house, so I might have to go there instead.  If not, I would probably go back here and cross my fingers for a better experience.
2	I purchased a Forester here back in 2008 and would regularly bring it there for service.  Everything was fine, until I started searching for a slightly used Impreza.  I found one posted on Craigslist that was advertised as having been at this Power Subaru location, so I decided to drive over and check it out.  Unfortunately, when I got there, they told me it had just sold the day before.  Oh well, no big deal.  Then next weekend, I did my internet search and, sure enough, that exact same Impreza was advertised again on Craigslist.  Now I was a little pissed and skeptical about this, so I called them up and I was told (again) that that particular vehicle had just sold the day before.  So, basically,they were being shady and were advertising fake "teaser" vehicles just to get you down to the lot and try to sell you a similar, more expensive vehicle.  When I called them out on this, the salesman got all defensive and tried to convince me that I was either lying or mistaken.  I told him to shove it and I never went back.Ever since then, I've been going to the Chandler Subaru Superstore and I'm glad that I made the switch!!  The Chandler Subaru is family-run, has a way better facility, and everyone there has been friendly and helpful.  If you're in the market for a Subaru, I'd suggest going to the Chandler location over the Scottsdale Subaru by far!!!  The only reason I didn't give Power Subaru of Scottsdale 1 star was because the service guy I used down there was okay.
5	After lots of online research and dealing with stupid dealerships, sorry Van Tuyl, but you are finally out of my life for good!!! My hubby and I were checking out a Subaru Outback trading in a Toyota FJ Cruiser  for lack of space and terrible way, (sometimes laughable) to get in to the back seat! An Outback is sure more practical and a bit more economical. A couple of friends have one and they simply love it. They referred us to Ron at Power Subaru of Scottsdale. I myself think I rather be at the dentist than dealing with a car salesman! Well, Ron has completely turned me 360 degrees on that statement! Ron by far not a typical car salesperson, on the contrary, he treated us like family. We could ask anything and he would answer it! We test drove a few Outbacks and found ours. It was a stormy night, which made this adventure much more enjoyable! I have never ever have had FUN purchasing a car until Ron! Ohh and I cannot leave out his manager, Moose! He too made it a great experience. I am certain that Subaru will be part of our family for quite some time if not forever! Thank you to Ron, Moose, and the entire team that stormy night at Power Subaru. It was a pleasure to purchase our 1st Subaru with you!!! LOVE THIS PLACE!!!
5	I just purchased a used Acura TL from Power Subaru this weekend and had a fantastic experience. They were helpful, upfront and were genuinely interested in my satisfaction.  This was by far the most positive experience I've had purchasing a car from a dealer. I live in New Mexico and flew in to buy the car.  They picked me up from the airport and worked with through the whole process. Their price was fair and they didn't push the up sell items (warranty, anti-theft, etc) hard.  Shortly after I drove away the airbag light came on, I went back and they checked it out (it wouldn't come back on). They told me if it did to call them and they'd arrange for an Acura dealer in NM to look at it and they would pay any costs.I highly recommend them.
4	My wife and I bought a brand new BRZ from this dealership shortly before Thanksgiving 2012.  We ended up here because it was one of two dealerships in Arizona that even had a BRZ in stock.  The one eventually purchased that day had been promised to another customer who apparently decided against buying a second one!I was immediately impressed by this little sports car as soon as we took it for a test spin.  We were greeted by a very pleasant salesman named Ron who had the BRZ literally waiting for us . . . it was parked at just the right angle as we drove up.We worked on the deal with Ron which was relatively quick given that there was little to negotiate about . . . BRZ's are selling for sticker price, plain and simple.The most time for the transaction was with Tony in the finance department.  We decided to finance the entire purchase price so it took a little time to find just the right terms for us to accept.  Tony was also a great fellow to work with, obviously very experienced and knowledgeable.   It was my own fault that I was not well enough prepared and armed with info about extended warranties and their cost.  We initially agreed to one but after researching it more at home I learned I could do better.Tony immediately cooperated in the crediting back the cost of the warranty with no questions asked.  Ron followed up a week or so after our purchase which was a nice touch.My first contact with the service department was less than satisfactory.  I noticed there were some superficial scratches and scuffs on the car's spoiler which I did not want to attempt to remove myself so I took it back to Power even though I live about 2 hours north.  I was initially referred to the service department but rather quickly moved to their body shop where I had to wait well over an hour to get the job done.The next time I returned to the service department, this time for an oil change, it was completed very quickly, courteously and my BRZ was returned fully washed and spotless.I had to return about a month later to repair an annoying rattling rear view mirror.  It took about an hour but once again the car was returned washed and dried.Unfortunately, the rattle has returned to the mirror so I will be returning to Power when I need another oil change or tire rotation.  I'm a little concerned about the latter given another review I read that states the tires were not balanced after rotation because it was a separate charge.  I am hoping my tire warranty will cover the cost of a rotation and balancing.All in all, I really like this dealership.  They are professional, courteous and interested in doing right by their customers.
