4	They have really good subs. I suggest eating them there. They are better warm. The only problem I have right now with them is that they are so busy they have run out of soda cup lids and some of the different sodas that they offer. They are pretty clean considering that they are so busy. Friendly staff will fix problems pretty quickly.
5	My favorite place to get a sub sandwich!  The staff is friendly and the food is great!
2	The food at Firehouse is always great - at least there is some consistency there!   This is my second time in the new Buckeye location.. The service here is pretty terrible.  The employees seem so unhappy to be working there!  It was my friend's first time in, but no one bothered to explain the process to her. Such a shame considering I'm guessing there are a lot of first time guests to firehouse here in buckeye.  Our cashier was Emily.. She seemed knowledgeable, but disinterested and unhappy.  Sam was the girl in the dining room while we were there.  She was quick to offer to pre-bus my table even though I had food left.  On the flip side, my friend wanted a to-go container and had to go to the counter to get it.  We saw a manager (or someone of authority wearing a FH shirt) come in during our lunch.  It was actually comical to hear/see the difference in the enthusiasm of the employees after he came in.  The "welcome to firehouse" all of a sudden seemed to have some feeling behind it.  Also, where's the signage for the pickle buckets for sale? My friend made a comment that it seemed funny that there was trash sitting in front of the counter... Pretty sure those are some kind of fundraiser, right?  Anyway, I'm pretty bummed that the franchisee is losing out on such a great opportunity to make a great impression on people in buckeye who have very little quality restaurants to choose from..
5	I think their subs are quite delicious.  Better than Quiznos or Subway.  Price is comparable to the former but slightly more expensive than the latter.  My daughter loves getting a fireman's hat, too.  Decent service.
5	This place is amazing for it just being a sub place. The inside it super cute and they have great customer service. A gentlemen working saw that my hands were full and opened the door and they don't make you wait long for you food either. They offer 120 drink choice and their own unsweetened tea. It was my first time and I loved my experience !!!
5	The food is great, mostly writing a review because I'm impressed by the people working here. Friendly, great customer service. I had a big order and Dan (I think his name) helped me out to my car! I would occasionally like the option to order some of the same sandwiches cold vs hot, but not a big deal.
1	not good at all !. 11$ a sub !
5	Not only is the staff super friendly but these subs are amazing. Super fresh tasting and you can tell you have higher quality ingredients. Love the entire atmosphere. Yes it's a little pricier, but you get what you pay for and the back story for the company leaves you feeling good too. Subway doesn't hold a candle to these. Definitely will be back.
