1	Mr Newark does not pay attention to detail or provide understandable answers to his clients bankruptcy questions and concerns.  The firm's #1 goal is getting paid for their weak bankruptcy filing business and leaves the client without all the proper info or guidance needed.  He spoke to us like we were beneath him and frankly stupid.  Mr Newark has no desire to help his clients get out of bankruptcy once in it, but rather prolong their experience by dismissing and refiling cases as to earn more money for himself and misguide the client into years of sometimes unneeded BK (for example telling his client to do a chapter 13 rather than a 7 when a 7 is a viable option and then dismissing the 13 at a later date and re-charging for a 7)  Simply, Mr Newark's goal is to make as much money possible without regard for his client's well-being.  He does not provide proper instruction to his clients but rather drives them through his office and their BK like cattle.
5	I retained Mr. Newark last year and the results were excellent.Mr. Newark and Narrah were very knowledgeable and walked me through everything, always were available to answer my questions, and went above and beyond throughout the entire process. It couldn't have been easier or more painless.For anyone seeking their services, I would highly recommend retaining this firm. A+
5	When we needed an attorney to handle our Bankruptcy.   Upon meeting Richard Newark I knew he was the man for the job.  His no nonsense approach and straight lined communication, let us know exactly what to expect and the time frame to expect it in.  His staff is knowledgeable and very sensitive to the personal pain that goes along with declaring a BK.  Richard and Narrah are available for any questions that may come up and the knowledgeable staff is always willing to help. I love when you call an office and they truly know you by name. I have referred several people to Newark and Newark; everyone has come away with a direction for their future.
5	I highly recommend this firm, both Richard and Narrah Newark were always available to answer my questions, even after my Bankruptcy had been discharged. For anyone who doesn't know how this process works I would highly recommend their services, they walk you through the whole process and they make it very easy to understand.
5	No one should think that a lawyer has a magic bullet to solve all their problems.  Ultimately, we need to be proactive in our own affairs. But, I appreciate that they are low pressure, and attentive lawyers. I have already recommended them to my friends for their bankruptcies.
